Things You Need To Know Before You Get A Tattoo You'll Regret What's the number one thing you need to know according to our expert? Be prepared.
The Best Spring Colognes For Men Having a signature cologne shouldn't stop you from trying something new this season. If musky, woody scents are your norm
5 Fabulous Beauty Tips Beauty tips that will instantly make you look flawless and gorgeous every day, from morning until night.
Spring's Sexiest Peek-A-Boo Shoes When it comes to showing a little skin this spring, think beyond the expected. Sure, we love a good crop top, but let's go
Disney Princess Outfits Just Got A High Fashion Makeover When fashion designers try their hand at a Disney-style outfit, they often just modernize the standard princess dresses, mixing
Makeup Is Not a Prerequisite for Career Success We are telling them that their natural faces will distract people, that being pretty is necessary regardless of circumstance, that performing femininity in exactly the right way isn't just helpful, it's essential.
Best Pointy Toe Flats This list was assembled with data provided by Rank & Style. With a little help from our friends at Rank & Style, now's your
Victoria Beckham Is Way More Normal Than You Think More than once. \So I won't be riding home tonight then!\ She's sarcastic. She jokes about finding her bike in the never
Regina Livers, Fashion Marketing Manager, On The Kitchen Staple That Cures Her Oily Hair Problem Although she raved about her Philip B. Shampoo -- \It's a nice brand with all organic ingredients\ -- she told us her secret
Denim For All -- Shop This Season's Fresh Crop Of Jeans After my personal rolling rack collapsed a few weeks ago (yes, because I had that much clothing on it), I decided I should
Joe Biden's 1st Instagram Looks Like A Ray-Ban Ad Barack Obama may be abstaining from #selfienation over the fear of unwillingly endorsing a product (see
PHEW! Kate Upton Loves Her Boobs After All Everyone breathe easy, it looks like Kate Upton loves her boobs after all. After an interview in The Sun quoted the supermodel
Taylor Schilling, Solange Knowles And More Celebs Show Us How To Wear This Season's New 'It' Shoe There are so many lust-worthy items popping up this spring -- wearable crop tops, Birkenstocks and blinged-out chokers, just
Lady Gaga's Versace Ad Without Photoshop Confuses Us Well, this is kind of confusing. Maybe we're just being optimistic, but it really looks like the singer is totally barefaced
Master The Messy French Twist In Under 2 Minutes \We're up all night to get lucky\ now that spring has graced us with her presence. But hanging out way past our bedtime takes
Joe Biden Posts The Most Fashionable First Instagram Ever Joe Biden never fails to amaze us. Whether he's flashing those pearly whites or bringing that wit and sass to a vice presidential
My Favorite Style Icons I love looking at the silhouettes, colors, prints and fabrics worn by idols, from Grace Kelly and Jackie Onassis to modern day trend-setters like Charlotte Gainsbourg, Jessica Alba and Zooey Deschanel.
Kate Middleton Is Having The Best Day Ever In Australia Not even a little wind could ruin Kate Middleton's best day ever. Check out all her happy looks below! The duke and duchess
Miranda Kerr Talks Feeding Her Hair From The Inside Out, Her Love For Coconut Oil & More On the many, many uses for coconut oil ... On the secret to her super shiny hair ... Before we got cozy on a plush couch
'Rituals' Photo Series Defines The Intimacy Of Beauty When we look in the mirror every morning, sometimes we find ourselves in a daydream, not totally thinking about what's going
Emma Watson Still Takes Style Cues From Her Hermione Granger Days Though the Internet seems to think that Watson's fashion chops are new, it seems like the actress' style choices haven't
How Many Ways Can Anne Hathaway Style Her Pixie Cut? The bob might be the current It hairstyle, but lately we've noticed all the amazing things Anne Hathaway has been doing with
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any questions. GET READY, GET
Victoria's Secret Fashion Show Moves Across The Pond To London Put down the wine and get your fish and chips ready, because the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show is going across the pond
Survival In Style One of the reasons I created GLAM4GOOD was so I could harness the positive aspects of fashion and beauty to celebrate courage and perseverance in the face of great difficulty, tragedy and pain. Nayanda was right, GLAM4GOOD is more than just a makeover -- often it's about honoring and acknowledging everyday heroism and bravery.
Why I Love #OOTD When shopping, there's no shame in going straight to the sales rack or ask for a discount, like no sales tax. I remember
This 'Mad Men' Makeup Tutorial Will Keep You Rooting For Megan Draper But, the most important piece about this hairdo is the front bump, which really transformed Brie into Megan. Using MoroccanOil
A Work Outfit That's A Lil' Bit Of Play, Too We all know that plain, white button-downs and navy pants are safe, no-brainer options for the office. They'll work any day
Now These Are Crop Tops We Might Actually Wear As our favorite stores and even the red carpet have unfortunately reminded us -- crop tops aren't going anywhere. And even
Kate Middleton Plays Cricket In High Heels, Because She's A Boss On Monday, she wore a repeat red peplum Luisa Spagnoli suit with black pumps during a Cricket World Cup event at Latimer
Rihanna Sports Her Sexiest Lingerie At The 2014 MTV Movie Awards (PHOTOS) If this is what Rihanna wears behind closed doors when she's with her rumored boo Drake, then we know exactly why the emo
Grumpy Cat Gets Our Vote For Best-Dressed Feline At The 2014 MTV Movie Awards (PHOTOS) Grumpy Cat finished off the look with pretty much nothing else besides her famous scowl. After all, she's a cat. The frowning
Lupita Nyong'o Gets Colorful In Chanel At The 2014 MTV Movie Awards And It's Amazing (PHOTOS) Check out Lupita's jaw-dropping Chanel ensemble below. But if we're not gawking at her frock, we're definitely staring at
MTV Movie Awards 2014 Hair & Makeup -- Let's Discuss The Hits And Misses (PHOTOS) BEST
Chrissy Teigen's MTV Movie Awards Red Carpet Dress Gives Us A Sugar Rush (PHOTOS) Teigen resembles a cute, pink cupcake with that hoop skirt and ruched sweetheart bodice. And if we remember high school correctly
We Almost Didn't Recognize Nicki Minaj At The 2014 MTV Movie Awards (PHOTOS) Let's be honest -- Minaj is not exactly known for her glam on the red carpet. In fact, the singer is more likely to be spotted
Shailene Woodley Is The Badass Goddess Of The 2014 MTV Movie Awards Red Carpet (PHOTOS) See her red carpet wonder below. Accompanying her sexy silhouette is Woodley's fresh makeup and slicked-back hair, which
Where Lucy Became a Redhead and Marilyn Became a Blonde The Max Factor Building holds much more than the history of beauty that unfolded underneath its roof.
Spring Style for Your Style When it comes to accessories for spring, jewelry has continued to reign the roost.
Tessa John-Connor, Blogger, On How She 'Tames' Her Afro Afros are beautiful. So whenever we notice a girl or guy rocking an exceptionally large 'fro, we can't help but stare. And
20 Sharp Men's Spring Blazers If there's one piece that's essential to a man's wardrobe, it's a suit. But the stylish man has gone beyond the basic navy
Sarah Michelle Gellar Taught Us The Importance Of Sunglasses 4. When she paired those purple glasses with a boatneck T-shirt on a press tour. From running errands to the red carpet, Gellar
Roland Mouret To Design Affordable Hourglass Dresses For Banana Republic Banana Republic is smart about the designers it chooses to do collaborations
Joe Zee To Join Yahoo Joe Zee is leaving Elle magazine, where he spent seven years as creative director, for Yahoo. The news follows weeks of speculation
Kate Upton Hates The Most Famous Part Of Her Body Sorry, Kate, but we're not so sure how that would work out. And for some strange reason, the visual is bringing us back to
Celebs Take Bold Risks On This Week's Best & Worst Beauty List We're not sure what the \Dark Horse\ singer was thinking when she chose this Nickelodeon slime green shade, but it certainly
The Asian Beauty Secret You Aren't Doing -- But Should Be There are certain beauty terms that make us feel just plain fancy. We're not scrubbing our face, we're exfoliating. We aren't
Is Prince George Getting A Sibling Soon? Prince William Drops Hints It may only have been a quip, a classic well-meaning comment made during a royal outing, but Prince William set off speculation
Alexander Wang Announces Collaboration With H&M, Our Hearts Skip A Beat At midnight on April 13, Alexander Wang posted one of the most exciting Instagram videos we've ever seen. \I am honored to
Kate Middleton Is Sophisticated & Sporty Chic All In One Busy Day We hope Prince George didn't miss his parents too much on their day out. The duchess then kicked off her heels and switched
So Much Coachella On Instagram Coachella on Instagram is like us on Christmas... so bad the social media platform broke yesterday. Yes, actually shut down
The MTV Movie Awards 2014 Red Carpet Has Too Many Trends Happening All At Once (PHOTOS) The MTV Movie Awards is definitely in a category of its own. The no-holds-barred awards show puts Hollywood's hottest entertainers
6 Beauty Quick Fixes For When Spring Allergies Attack You know the feeling
Is This Rihanna's Vogue Brazil Cover? We Sure Hope So! She first teased the photo shoot back in January with bikini-filled Instagram flicks and simple captions like \#brazil\ and
President Obama Saves FLOTUS From A Marilyn Monroe Moment Chivalry isn't dead, ladies! Thankfully, Barack was by his wife every step of the way and was able to save FLOTUS from a
Kate Middleton Is Gorgeous In Green On Tour Of New Zealand The brightly-colored coat popped against her glowing complexion and voluminous brunette hair. Kate's small red poppy brooch
Is Brooklyn Decker The Funniest Model On Twitter? We're LOL! Scoot over, Chrissy Teigen. Brooklyn Decker is coming in hot with the sassy tweets. Decker recently admitted she \wasn't
13 Reasons Why Sweatpants Are The Sh*t Here are 13 reasons why sweatpants are the sh*t. Yoga pants tend to be our pants of choice. Their versatility means we can
Best Conditioners For Curly Hair Check out which conditioners you should consider for your curly hair regimen. 3. Quidad Curl Quencher Moisturizing Conditioner
Want Your Weather And Hair Forecast? There's An App For That That's why a new website might be our frizzy mess' new savior. \How's Your Hair,\ created by a woman who gets us, a.k.a. designer
Dear Men, Please Don't Bring These Bad Hairstyles Back Remember that moment when you first discovered that your parents didn't always look like your parents? Sometime around fifth
New Indie Scents Shine At Artisan Fragrance Salon Bruno takes risks in his painting and he takes them in crafting his perfumes.\u00a0 Take Lampblack, a scent inspired by the black
Men Why is it that some guys seem to have it and some guys don't? One guy in a t-shirt and jeans could seem to be dressed better (though more casual) than a guy in a suit and tie.
Raising an Entrepreneur I've had the pleasure of watching, as a parent -- removed, but still very close -- the entrepreneurial spirit in action. And it's given me a much clearer view of what it takes to launch a business, and even what it means to be able to create something from nothing in that way.
The Simple Hair Trick We Have In Common With Kate Middleton And no, it wasn't another sparkly gift from the Queen that caught our attention. It was the small, black hair tie Kate had
6 Skin Habits To Unlearn Now Wash your face at night. Apply SPF daily. Exfoliate. You know the drill to keeping your skin clear and healthy. However, having
Yoon Ha, NYU Cinema Studies Student, Praises The Goodness Of Japanese Beauty Products Going for a bold, ombre hair color is one of the bravest things you can do -- but New York University Cinema Studies student
Amber Valletta On H&M, How Modeling Has Changed And How To Look 'Freakin' Amazing' You may know Amber Valletta for her extensive modeling career, or maybe you know her as Lydia on \Revenge.\ But what you
The Minimalist Traveler's Makeup Bag Maybelline Cover Stick Concealer for dark circles as well as the occasional blemish.
The Stars On This Week's Best-Dressed List Deserve A Standing Ovation Rashida Jones in Erdem It's pretty tricky for petite gals to rock anything tea length -- for risk of looking too frumpy -- so
We Can't Believe The Fashion Fails On This Week's Worst-Dressed List Maggie Gyllenhaal Kelly was spotted in Easter Sunday best ... circa 1986. All she was missing was a basket filled with eggs
Kate Middleton Wins More Than The Style Game In New Zealand The royal couple visited Auckland Harbor, in New Zealand's \city of sails\ to compete against each other in two races. Kate
Conscious Uncoupling in the Beauty Realm There comes a time where I think everyone (even the most famous) needs to reevaluate their regime, and reassess what is -- and isn't -- working for them.
The 14 Emotional Stages Of Shopping A Blowout Sale 10. Disappointment 2. Hesitation You find yourself at the end of a treacherous line. And you're still sweating. You're about
24 Ways To Make Black Work For Spring Whenever you hear that something else is the new black, don\u2019t believe it for a second. Why? That\u2019s easy
Wolford Creates Custom Headband for Michelle Obama FIRST LADY FAVE
Kanye West's Rumored Adidas Shoe Leaves Us Underwhelmed (UPDATE) UPDATE
Spring It Up! It is the perfect time to try something new and different, without extreme weather affecting the outcome or your enjoyment of the style. If you find yourself in need of Spring Hair Inspiration, keep these three ideas in mind.
Kate Middleton Has Not One But Two Style Wins In New Zealand Now, we're not exactly saying Kate is cutting loose on this trip, but a ponytail and a cocktail in one day? We certainly
10-Item Wardrobe Spring 2014 This spring I have 11 core items (proving that you don't have to take the number 10 literally). As a working, stay-at-home mom of two small children, this washable wardrobe is wearable and chic and works for me.
9 Mandy Moore Hair Moments That Melted Our Hearts Center-Part Chic While we're a little surprised that Ms. Moore is turning 30 (because let's be real, she still looks like
Heidi Klum Facing Backlash Over 'Redface' Photo Shoot Somehow, the entire shoot is still up on Klum's Facebook page, and she has yet to make a comment in regards to the photos
Kiernan Shipka Personally Keeps Up With Her 'Mad Men' Style In Vanity Fair In the feature, Shipka is described as showing up to her interview in a vintage C\u00e9line sweater, Rag & Bone drop-waist skirt
Emma Stone Channels Pee-Wee Herman In Saint Laurent Suit Are you feeling it? Tell us what you think! It's been a minute since we tuned into \Pee-Wee's Playhouse.\ But as soon as
8 Makeup Myths Exposed In reality, there are tons of makeup \tips\ out there without any validation behind them. Below are some of the most common makeup myths that many people have fallen victim to.
Bobbi Brown Has A Refreshing Vision For Yahoo Beauty A website that celebrates individuality, has a positive message for women AND talks about food? Now that's something we can
Kim Kardashian And Kanye West Vogue Issue May Outsell Issues With Beyonce, Michelle Obama A Cond\u00e9 Nast representative was not immediately available for further comment to The Huffington Post, but a rep told Page
Kate Middleton And Prince George Get Cutesy In New Zealand We've got your morning dose of royals right here. As Prince George tags along with his parents for their three-week tour
All Of Kim Kardashian's Major Magazine Covers (PHOTOS) Stefano Tonchi, editor-in-chief of W magazine put Kim on the cover for his November 2010 issue. When asked why he chose Kim
What You Need To Know About Caring For Eczema I had to take such care with my skin because of one problem
Brooklyn Decker On Why She 'Wasn't A Good Model' \But I wasn't a good model,\ she added. \Acting is much more gratifying than modeling,\ she told HuffPost Live's Marc Lamont
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds This week's Roundup includes items by Helen Bond Carruthers, Goldworm, Hanae Mori, Ossie Clark and Cole of California. Be
Peter Som Talks His New Kohl's Collection, St. Barths And How He Always Has FLOTUS In Mind His impressive design career includes more than a slew of collections. Som is a two-time nominee for the Perry Ellis Award
Beauty Cheat Sheet Just because you're keeping the sun's damaging rays away from your skin doesn't mean you can't get a bit of a sun-kissed glow.
The University of Texas \Keeps Austin Weird\ During my free time I decided to collaborate with other Fashionistas and bloggers, which led me to discover new trends on campus and around Austin.
80-Pound Wedding Dresses Bedazzled In Jewels? This Gypsy Designer Has Seen It All Celli, who lives by the motto, \It don't mean a thing if it ain't got that bling,\ makes wedding dresses that are NOT for
Miley Cyrus Means Business On The Cover Of Elle Magazine We almost didn't recognize Miley Cyrus with so many clothes on! The 21-year-old is Elle magazine's May cover star, and aside
DIY Stenciled Spring Pop Art Blazer I love how it turned out and now me and my old green blazer are trail BLAZing the streets.
Lena Dunham Gets A Little.. Help From Marc Jacobs What do you think of the look? Sound off below! She took to Instagram to thank the designer for giving her \boobs she could
THIS Is How You Make Birkenstocks Look Cool But don't worry, we'll teach you how to make them seamlessly transition into your current wardrobe. Behold, eight ways to
For Men Who Need Clothing Help, This Is The Blog To Follow Most men think \fashion\ means a straightforward suit-and-tie look. But we don't fault guys for thinking this way -- the
Kombucha Below are seven Kombucha beauty products and their benefits. A 2012 L'Oreal Research & Innovation study found that Kombucha
ACM Awards 2014 Red Carpet Was Filled With Revealing Prom Dresses (PHOTOS) Caroline Bryan Country music's finest took over Las Vegas, Nevada on Sunday for the 2014 ACM Awards. Not to be confused with
Kate Middleton Knocks It Out Of The Park In New Zealand What do you think of the look? Sound off below! The duchess stepped out looking like a mix between the chicest flight attendant
This 'Game Of Thrones' Makeup Tutorial Brings The Stark Sisters Together Hair
Traffic Anchor Jamie Stelter Gets More Done By Noon Than We Do In Our Entire Day The \Uniform\ -- Theory top, Madewell jeans, Vintage boots, DANNIJO earrings An excellent plan, but we hope that day doesn't
Unhooked I am unhooked. Enjoy this as a symbol of this powerful time in a woman's life. You deserve it. This symbol is the first feminist
Gwen Tan, Writer & Surface Mag Intern, On The One Thing You Must Do Before You Go To Bed With all of the mind-blowing beauty tips we feature in our Beauty Street Style series, you'd be hard-pressed to believe us
Old Hollywood Looks With A Modern Twist Top This Week's Best & Worst Beauty List BEST
THIS Is How You Know It's Spring In The Fashion World Mother Nature teased us with one sunny day last week in New York City ... just one. Although we ended the week with a rainy
20 Work Bags That Will Always Have Your Back Think about it. The very first accessory you ever truly loved \u2014 the one you dragged your mom from store to store to find
Metallic Pumps, Chunky Scarves And Structured Bags Made Our Accessories Of The Week List A structured purse makes any outfit looks instantly pulled together. If there is one thing Rachel Zoe understands, it's statement
41 Outfits That Prove Pharrell's Style Is Out Of This World Of course we can't get enough of his music -- we're playing \Happy\ on repeat and jamming to some of his throwback collaborations
The 'Most Unforgettable Women In The World' Turn Heads In This 1989 Revlon Commercial Standards of beauty in American society may not have changed much over time, but we believe that beauty is truly in the eye
The Most Hilarious Responses To Marie Claire's Cornrow Twitter Drama #EpicBraidLevels First lesson:you're wellcome pic.twitter.com/p5l3GD4Ctc \u2014 Pauline Mendes (@PaulineMendes) April 2, 2014
The Cheap Celeb Finds Of The Week Will Get You Excited For Spring Bring on the cute sandals and floppy hats, summer is almost here! As we get increasingly excited for the warmer months ahead
7 Fashion Mistakes You'll Regret Forever Ask anyone
Celebrities Look White Hot On This Week's Best Dressed List It may not be Memorial Day yet, but Hollywood couldn't wait to break out the white dresses. This week, Emma Watson stunned
Beautiful Savage Saville has always been a writer. His fascination with glossies as a kid pushed him to study journalism in college. While
Lupita Nyong'o Is The New Face Of Lancome, Proving Yet Again She Is THE Woman Check out Lupita's announcement about her Lanc\uffc3\uffb4me partnership in the video above and all her most amazing style moments
Lupita Nyong'o Is The New Face Of Lancome, Proving Yet Again She Is THE Woman Check out Lupita's announcement about her Lanc\uffc3\uffb4me partnership in the video above and all her most amazing style moments
23 Style Secrets From the Most Chic Woman I've Ever Met 5. A boat neck is always flattering... and elegant. Whether it's a flat sandal, a simple pump or high-heeled sandal in the
13 Fashion Bloggers You Need To Be Following On Instagram NOW Hanna // @fattyschallenge Tanesha Awasthi // @girlwithcurves Nadia is a master of curve-hugging clothing that is actually
7 Essential Makeup Tips For Girls Who Wear Glasses 6. The color of your eyeshadow shouldn't compete with the color of your glasses. 2. If you have a lot of under-eye darkness
Things Got Ugly On This Week's Worst-Dressed List Isabel Lucas Organza ruffles can easily skew childish, especially in such a bright hue. Had this dress been in a soft pink
Emma Watson Proves She's All Grown Up With Bold Fashion Noah actress, and the cover star of W's June/July 2013 issue, Emma Watson deserves recognition for her recent A-list efforts on the red carpet.
An Easy And Simple DIY Shoe Cleaner Long after the last slushy puddles have melted away, signs of winter remain on our shoes. Watch this video for an easy DIY
Shopbop's New Campaign Proves That Dogs Make Everything Better Take a look at the collection below, try not to let your head explode with cuteness and head over to Shopbop.com to purchase
11 Crucial Lessons Amanda Bynes Has Taught Us About Style 7. You can be sexy and cute AT THE SAME DAMN TIME. 9. Basic ponytails should just stop trying. 8. Nothing beats the flowing
Sherry Xie, Student, And Her DIY No-Poo Shampoo With the growing green movement, we've been trying to make our beauty routines a little more eco-friendly. But in our attempt
Coachella 2014 Everybody who's anybody, and everybody who is nobody, grabs their best rags and transforms into a hippie for a weekend.
Bizarre Truths About the Brassiere Most of the time it is a mindless action I do every morning and night. It has just become incorporated into my daily routine -- putting on my bra and taking it off. Recently, a few close male friends asked me about what it's like having to wear a bra everyday after seeing a sizing guide for bras.
Ellen DeGeneres Deals With Photoshop Controversy In A Hilarious Way It took the audience no time to realize that she was actually wearing Barbie-esque arm extensions. Keller was a sport about
Marc Jacobs Takes To Twitter To Cast His New Ad, The Internet Explodes With Selfies Could you be the next face of Marc By Marc Jacobs? See all the rules here, and tweet at us @huffpoststyle with your best
Bar Refaeli Gets A Liquid Gold Facial That May Cost As Much As Your Rent \Gold has been used in skincare and healing for centuries,\ Hana Kelly of Rodial has said. \Cleopatra slept with gold on
9 Beauty Don'ts You Should Do Lobs are cool, and long waves are pretty \u2014 but, this spring, we're daring ourselves to think outside the (hair) box by trying
Boho Chic Jewelry Bridges Amazonian and Urban Jungles Through ORG by vio, Villacorta shares tools that allow women in indigenous communities to maintain their traditions while creating income and livelihoods.
Size Discrimination Exists In Your Favorite Stores -- You Just Might Not Realize It That's really frustrating for me, and that's something I see a lot in the fashion world. I don't think that there is anything
Kate Upton Looks Familiar At 'The Other Woman' Premiere This look is proof that Upton looks just as good on the red carpet as she does in one of her racy photo shoots. We can't
Get A Music Festival-Ready Braid In Under 2 Minutes In the video above, PopSugar beauty reporter Kirbie Johnson shows us a bohemian braid that you can sport at this summer's
#WokeUpLikeThis Beauty Looks To Try Sometimes, it's totally satisfying to spend an entire morning (or evening) slowly and methodically getting primped. It's
How One Plus-Size Woman Is Changing The Way We See Beauty In addition to breaking down barriers of a so-called norm, Terrell also disagrees with the way others assume how overweight
Supermodels Kate Moss And Cara Delevingne In Rare (Edible) Form Altogether, Wybrun used more Twiglets, Cream Crackers and Mini Cheddars than we could ever eat in a lifetime to compose the
The Mara Hoffman And Havaianas Collab Of Your Summer Dreams As if we weren't ready enough for summer as it is -- now we have a favorite new flip-flop to pine over. Women's Wear Daily
48 Items We Just Know You're Going To Want For Spring Art by
Fashion's Dirty Little 'Sustainable' Secret; Wear More and Wash Less When examining the carbon footprint of apparel, especially something cotton like jeans or a t-shirt, it is shocking how much the impact increases once the consumer takes the product home.
7 Simple Steps To Mermaid Waves We're suffering from a major case of hair envy thanks to Amanda Seyfried, Camila Alves and Naomie Harris. These three women
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds No time to page through thousands of eBay listings? Then just sneak a peek at my weekly eBay roundup of top vintage clothing
Spring Clean Your Closet for Cash I was reluctant to sell a gifted Louis Vuitton Keepall I never carried because of sentimental reasons. I got over it fast when it quickly sold for $995 and I banked $695.
Tricks to Looking Slimmer This Summer! When summer rolls around... first the joy and then the fear! Winter has not been kind with the sneaky pounds that have stuck to your thighs! The first trick to appearing slimmer and more svelte is wearing clothes that fit you properly.
49 Times Nike Shoes Made An Outfit Infinitely Better There's nothing that a pair of Nikes can't solve. Okay, that isn't necessarily true, but there's that special feeling we
Gisele Bundchen Is More Than Just The Pretty Face Of H&M Gisele B\u00fcndchen has returned to H&M as the face of their summer 2014 campaign. But the supermodel isn't only lending her
The 5 Best Bra Fit Tips -- From Men Do you hate wearing bras or struggle to find the right one for your body type? You might be surprised to find that the best bra fit tips come from guys -- who wear bras.
'American Horror Story Check out these \AHS
Emma Watson Gets Real About The Fashion Industry's Biggest Problem In New Interview Just when we thought we couldn't love Emma Watson any more than we already did, she goes ahead and proves us wrong with some
Kate Middleton Repeats An Outfit, And This Time She's Not Alone What do you think of the look? Check out the matching coats and sound off below! Kate looked gorgeous as usual in a Missoni
How To Dress Your Age & Love It While it's what's on the inside that truly counts, it never hurts to have smart, spiffy attire that also lets your affable
An Interview With Designer Sue Wong On Her New \Edwardian Romance\ Collection Designer Sue Wong will show her new collection for Fall 2014 this week in an invitation only show at her Los Angeles Atelier
This '10 Things I Hate About You' Makeup Tutorial Will Make You Seriously Nostalgic Makeup
Salma Hayek Covers NewBeauty Magazine, Schools Us On Aging I have my grandmother to thank. She is my inspiration and she taught me many things. She was both an alchemist and a magician
Prince George Brings The Charm In New Royal Family Photo My, what a big baby boy Prince George has grown to be! Isn't he adorable? In a newly released photo, the eight-month-old
5 Hair & Makeup Trends You Need To Try This Spring DON'T ruin your metallic manicure with an unnatural nail shape. And ditch the acrylic nails! DON'T book another salon appointment
Get Ready For Spring With This Week's Best Accessories Though our favorite A-listers rocked floral dresses and canary yellow outfits to usher in the warm weather, it was their
If You Don't Have A Pair Of Badass Nike Shoes, You're Not Living This week Nike celebrated the 27th anniversary of Air Max and everyone can agree that they're never going out of style. Even
Kids' Choice Awards 2014 We're clutching our pearls after seeing the Kids' Choice Awards 2014 orange carpet. For the Nickelodeon awards show, Hollywood's
Charlotte Casiraghi 'Drop It Like It's Hot' In Silver Chanel Couture Gown At The Rose Ball (PHOTOS) Making her first official post-baby appearance at the Rose Ball in \ufeffMonte-Carlo, Monaco on Saturday evening, Casiraghi joined
Robyn Lawley Flaunts Beachy Waves In Cosmopolitan Shoot Sneak Peek (PHOTO) Sneak Peek of my beauty and hair story in May issue of @cosmopolitan USA! Great team !! Shot by #leebroomfield. It looks
Strong is the New Pretty \You don't need to be pretty, perfect or compliant to be loved.\ That is the message photographer Kate T. Parker wanted to use to empower her girls when she started taking their pictures three years ago.
This '80s Pantene Hair Commercial Is Why We're So Darn Confident Back in 1986, Pantene launched one of its most memorable advertising campaigns with model/actress Kelly LeBrock. Sporting
Co-Ed Naked Yoga Is a Real Thing I just don't know how you'd be able to take this class and look anyone in the eye afterward. Or, how you'd handle that gut-wrenching moment when you have to walk into a crowded room of people completely naked.
Look Like Beyonce Without Breaking The Bank With This Week's Cheap Celeb Finds Just when we thought Beyonc\u00e9 couldn't possibly get any better, she goes and does this. Queen Bey made us fall \crazy in love
This Twitter Account Has The Ultimate Throwback Thursdays We found our new favorite Twitter account. Okay, our favorite after Chrissy Teigen's. History in Pictures is an account we
50 Times Elle Macpherson Outdid Us With Her Style Happy 50th birthday Elle Macpherson. Wait, what? Supermodel Elle Macpherson is turning the big 5-0 today and we just can't
The 6 Things You Need To Buy This Spring Liya Kebede, Olivia Palermo Do keep the rest of your outfit simple and let the pastel color be the focal point. Amy Adams
The Perfect Denim For Girls Who Hate Skinny Jeans We rely on our trusty denim to basically get us through life -- well, sartorially speaking anyway. Because the perfect pair
This Weekend's Best Sales Will Brighten Up Your Rainy Day Ann Taylor Loft is a regular in this series, and with good reason -- they have some epic sales. This time, they're giving
The Average Woman Owns Over $500 Worth Of Unworn Clothing, New Survey Reports The participants were also asked why these items were never worn (and were given the option to choose any that apply.) A
Zoe Saldana Is The New Spokesmodel For L'Oreal Paris According to E! News, actress Zoe Saldana will join the ranks of other women like Julianne Moore and Blake Lively as the
How To Look Amazing In Photos Like hearing your own voice on tape, seeing a photo of yourself can be a bit...jarring. Both pixels and film have a way of
This Bill Cunningham Exhibit Gives Street Style A Whole New Meaning From the start of Bill Cunningham's career in fashion as milliner to his current status as arguably the most famous street
L'Wren Scott Leaves Entire Fortune To Mick Jagger In Will The mystery behind L\u2019Wren Scott\u2019s tragic suicide deepened Wednesday, as the designer\u2019s newly revealed will shows she wasn\u2019t
Campbell's Scoop No. 3 Being aware of your energy levels makes a big difference, because when you're working long hours, it is vital to keep your energy up in order to deliver the best performance.
Even Miranda Kerr Is Ready For Spring In A Floral Dress The supermodel proved she looks just as beautiful in print as she does in person when she stepped out Wednesday in a Dolce
Mesh Madness From dresses with mesh accents to fancy footwear, sweaters to swimwear, this netted fabric is a slam dunk for spring. Whether worn day or night, add a sporty finish to any ensemble by incorporating this peek-a-boo material into your look!
Kate Lindsmith, Stylist & Writer, Mixes Eyeliner For The Perfect Cat-Eye Photo/Art
5 Ways Your Work Wardrobe Can Shine At Night Whether it's a job-interview pencil skirt or those trusty, comfy heels, our daytime duds may get the job done for our 9-to
5 Must-Have Spring Staples Do bad all by yourself.
The Five Celebrities Who've Seamlessly Transitioned From Hollywood To The Fashion World Making it as an actor or actress seems a near impossible task. Even more impossible? Finding massive success in Hollywood
Top 5 Athletic Sneakers 1. Nike Women\u2019s Free 5.0+ Running Shoe, $100
Brooklyn Fashion Designer Jay Ott Has Gone Missing (UPDATE) Ott, originally from Pittsburgh, studied fashion at the University of Cincinnati. Anyone with any information regarding Ott's
From Chanel To ... Chleb? Anja Rubik Is A Music Video Star Check it out for yourself and tell us what you think. Rubik, who's not only been featured on many Vogue covers, but has also
Even Beyonc\u00e9 Has To Deal With Customs Regulations Looks like even girls who run the world have to deal with pesky customs regulations. Vogue UK reported Wednesday that Beyonc\u00e9
H&M Pulls Offensive Star Of David Shirt Off The Shelves (UPDATE) \u201cWe are truly sorry for offending anyone with this t-shirt design. We have taken immediate action and removed the t-shirts
A Definitive Ranking Of Michelle Obama's China Tour Style Michelle Obama's China tour (and Sasha and Malia's Far East spring break) has finally come to an end. Throughout the first
Emma Watson Scores Another Style Win In Saint Laurent What do you think of Emma's look? Emma Watson has been on quite a fashionable roll recently. The \Noah\ star stepped out
Wash Your Face And Remove Your Makeup With One Product Cleansing balms are a time-saving alternative to facial wipes and foaming cleansers. As Johnson explains, they appear solid
21 Spring Dresses For Under $100 It may still be freezing outside, but it is technically spring. And once the temperatures start to rise, we'll have no excuse
Like Lorde The daring beauty statement du jour is a purple, blue, black or green lipstick, and some of the best products are being sold by cosmetic companies you haven't heard of yet.
Kim Kardashian Should Have Waited for a Solo Vogue Cover Last Friday, the world stood still as hell froze over and a pig flew across the green sky. Kim Kardashian landed the cover of Vogue. Well, Kim Kardashian and fiance Kanye West landed the cover of Vogue.
Lauren Conrad Is Allure's April Cover Star And Looks Pretty Different Even though she favors a laid back look, she also admits her affinity for at least one glamorous accessory -- hair extensions
Naomi Campbell Has The Best Reaction Yet To Kimye's Vogue Cover (VIDEO) When one of the hosts asked Campbell what she thought of the now infamous cover, she simply smiled, and with her wicked sense
One Of Kate Middleton's Favorite Stores, Hobbs, Arrives In The U.S.! The company has been expanding rapidly over the past few years, which we can at least partially accredit to the duchess' affinity
New Season, New You Despite the frigid temperatures outside, Spring has arrived! Spring is a time for change and a time for new beginnings. Just like your wardrobe changes with the seasons so should your makeup.
Your First Look At Kristen Stewart For Chanel Is Here! h/t FabSugar for screenshot photos. We'll have to wait until May to see the entire campaign, but in the meantime, take a
Karolina Kurkova Covers Vogue Mexico, Looks A Little Uncomfortable We didn't even think a classic Chanel suit could look awkward. Model Karolina Kurkova covers the April 2014 issue of Vogue
The Ann Arbor Male It's difficult for me to describe Ann Arbor in one word, or even a few hundred of them. Ann Arbor is a college town, where
Dear Marie Claire Magazine Instead of worrying about being laughed at or worrying about disgusting others, I should have worried about loving my wife. Because it is not disgusting. It is not gross. Love is love.
Mindy Kaling Gives Us Another Another Reason To Obsess Over Vogue This Month As if there wasn't enough excitement surrounding the glossy's April issue, now we have something else to obsess over -- Mindy
Alexandra Berenbaum, Fashion Publicist, Has The Best Brows We've Seen Yet With fashion publicist Alexandrea Berenbaum's thick eyebrows, we assumed there were multiple steps to getting the look. But
Telling the Stories of SXSW One Outfit At a Time Charli XCX told us all about how Baby Spice and Britney Spears has influenced her scrappy mall-goth look.
Everyday People Style Making my rounds, I took a peek on the back balcony which is usually frequented for cigarette breaks and healthy conversations. I was captivated by the eclectic style and fearless combinations. It was all in the details...
Rihanna To Be Named 2014's Fashion Icon By The CFDA We bet Rihanna is feeling like the only girl in the world right about now (get it?) What do you think of the CFDA's pick
Blushes For Brown Girls We couldn\u2019t wait to get HuffPost Style editorial fellow Chanel\u2019s golden skin into one of our favorite products from actress
Madeleine Kirsh, Vintage Store Owner, Turns Being Deaf Into Greatest Strength \u201cMy has store developed into this fabulous fantasy world because I always believed in the limitless possibilities of dreaming
Steve Madden And Brian Atwood Make Some Fashionable Plans Women's Wear Daily announced Monday that Steve Madden and Brian Atwood are joining forces to create a new high-end shoe brand
The Spring Jackets And Coats You Should Buy Right Now So, it\u2019s officially spring. And while we may wish the weather system flipped like a switch according to formal calendar dates
Quiz When it comes to choosing the most flattering makeup hues, are you a warm or a cool? Choosing the right colors based around
How To Refresh Your Denim For Spring Fact
Michelle Obama's China Style Gets Jump-Rope Friendly We already know Mrs.Obama knows how to cut loose, but that doesn't make this candid moment any less exciting. Plus, can we
First Ladies in China To read the details about the unique and untold stories of U.S. First Ladies in China , illustrated by dozens of photographs
13-Year-Old Model Thylane Loubry Blondeau Causes Controversy Again (POLL) Back in 2011, the fashion world was sent into a frenzy by Thylane Blondeau, a 10-year-old model, who was featured in Paris
Spring Is The Perfect Time For Perfect Instagrams If you didn't post a picture of pretty spring flowers this week, then you're failing at Instagram. Just kidding. But really
You're Going To Want All The Amazing Accessories That Hollywood Wore This Week January Jones' ear cuff Reese Witherspoon's hat Eva Mendes' headband and purse We're so excited spring is here -- it's the
How Our Smartphones Are Affecting The Way We Shop A new study by Interactions Marketing on consumer trends reveals that a whopping 91 percent of women surveyed conduct online
Celebrities Show Us How NOT To Wear Eyeshadow On This Week's Best & Worst Beauty List (PHOTOS) BEST
The Perfect Spring Dress For YOUR Body You've waited long enough to finally slip into those spring duds. And, the welcome-back item of choice? Naturally, it's the
Michelle Obama Continues China Tour In Printastic Outfits On Day 3 of her visit in Beijing, Obama addressed students at the Stanford Center at Peking University wearing a Carolina
You'll Shop Until You Drop After Seeing This Week's Cheap Celeb Finds It has finally happened, it's finally here
10 Shopping Rules To Live By We've all been there before
We Bet Reese Witherspoon Regrets This '90s Hairstyle Happy 38th birthday, Reese! Here's to better hair days. Yes, those are hair knots (aka bantu knots) \u00e0 la Gwen Stefani and
'Girls' Season 3 Have more hair questions for Sherry Heart? Join her @sherryheart for her pre-\u201cGirls\u201d Twitter chat with Scunci (@scuncihair
So This Is What Twitter Has To Say About The #WorldsMostTalkedAboutCouple pic.twitter.com/LR2oG4ko2T \u2014 samir mezrahi (@samir) March 21, 2014 #WorldsMostTalkedAboutCouple pic.twitter.com/fgz0NEteEA
7 Weird Things That Could Be Damaging Your Skin At first, we thought the culprit would be the light coming from the screen, but that's not the case. Dr. Adrienne M. Haughton
Kate Upton Is The Face Of Bobbi Brown Cosmetics, Because Of Course She Is In a press release, Upton expressed her gratitude for the beauty company. \I'm thrilled to be the face of Bobbi Brown cosmetics
Lane Bryant Proves It's Never Looked This Good With NYC Fashion Show Looks like congratulations are in order! It was nothing short of a celebration Thursday night for Lane Bryant, as the plus
Michelle Obama's Second Day In China Means A Red Dress, Some Steep Competition Obama is in China on a cultural visit, where she will focus mainly on education. She will also have a chance to do some sightseeing
The Stars Who Made This Week's Worst Dressed List Need New Spring Wardrobes This looks very bridal. White satin and lace is never a good call unless you're walking down the aisle. There are a lot of
4 Ways To Better Workout Hair This aerodynamic 'do \immediately implies the player is ready for a fierce game,\ says Farel. Variations on a theme
Why I Share My Closet With Hundreds of Women Shopping is often a carefully strategized, often stressful trip to a department store's dowdy collection or an expensive and time-consuming online perusal.
Zosia Mamet Brightens Her Style In Peter Pilotto Dress At 'Divergent' Screening At The Cinema Society & Marie Claire screening of \Divergent\ in New York City Thursday night, none other than \Girls\ star
Kim Kardashian Covers Vogue With Kanye West (And The Internet Almost Explodes) And even though the cutest member of #theworldsmosttalkedaboutcouple is absent from the cover, from the looks of the behind
We Are Taking Notes From The Stars Who Made This Week's Best-Dressed List Emma Watson in J. Mendel There are few things that are hotter than a woman wearing menswear -- especially when it's done
Turning Adversity Into Strength With the resoluteness of her Jackie O canary ensemble, Madeleine has faced hardships that'd make Whatever Happened to Baby Jane seem like a family comedy.
13 Of The Best Sephora Buys That Are Worth Every Single Penny To help you sort through the madness (and resist the tempting bins near the cash register), here are 13 of the best Sephora
Top Celebrity Fragrances --  Celebrating National Fragrance Day What do Katy Perry, Jay-Z, and the late Elizabeth Taylor have in common? They all have their own signature perfumes that were top sellers in 2013.
Santigold Talks New Smashbox Collaboration & Maintaining Her Maternity Glow On stage. I do! I have wonderful makeup artist that I work with, for photo shoots and stuff, but on stage it\u2019s up to me. Because
L'Wren Scott's Death Ruled A Suicide By NYC Officials The New York City medical examiner's office announced Thursday that fashion designer L'Wren Scott's death was a suicide, AP
The One Thing About Photos We Could All Learn From Molly Sims Check out the clip above and to see the entire interview, head over to HuffPost Live. Picture this
Chriselle Lim, Style Blogger, Tells Us Why We Should Do Face Masks While Flying Chriselle Lim, editor, wardrobe stylist and creator of the style blog The Chriselle Factor, not only knows how to put an
THIS Is How You Stack Rings, Bracelets And Necklaces Coco Chanel had a famous rule
Mary-Kate Olsen Just Learned How To Brush Her Hair? Well, this is kind of gross. Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen have gone from adorable child stars to reputable fashion icons over
Which Marriage Type Are You? There are two types of marriages, the piggy back marriage or the marriage with two people side by side but each on separate paths. Side by siders can't piggy back, their paths can separate, often for very wide distances and then suddenly they flow back together. I know I'm one of them.
Suki Waterhouse's Video Proves That EVERYONE Loves Beyonce Okay, so we pretty much already knew that everyone was obsessed with Beyonc\u0117, but Suki Waterhouse just proved it once and
Kate Hudson And Ann Taylor Team Up To Create An LBD For Everyone The 34-year-old actress has been the face of Ann Taylor since 2012, and this marks her second time designing for the store
Keep.com May Be The Only Fashion App Worth Getting (UPDATE) Put simply, Keep.com is a shoppable Pinterest. Users create a profile, add the \Keep\ button to their computers (similar
How One Online Retailer Is Changing The World Of Plus-Size Fashion The new goal of the site has shifted its focus to attract a trendier audience, which Arnold says is more common in the plus
10 Tips To Whip Your Hair Into Shape We practically have to pinch ourselves when peering out the window. The string of 70-degree days, the shining sun, it seems
A Change in Hair Care That's Easy to Make For Fabulous Results Most of us take it for granted that our hair is getting clean. We wash our hair regularly, maybe daily, and figure that's
Offstage and On Offstage and On from Jasmina Tesanovic on Vimeo.
Best Eye Treatments We're often asked about serums and face creams, especially when it comes to under eye treatments. Whether it's confusion
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (Click on Pic for More Info and Auction Links) GET READY, GET SET, BID!!! No time to page through thousands of eBay listings
Lane Bryant To Collaborate With Sophie Theallet On 'Risque' New Lingerie Line The line debuts this fall, and will be available in sizes 14-28. Theallet, a French designer who got her start working for
Spring 2014 Makeup Trends -- Runway and Reality Masterclass Beauty experts often talk about taking looks from the runway to reality, but there's no hard line that separates the two. I would much rather speak to how runway looks can inspire women to incorporate new colors, shapes and techniques into their own style statements.
SXSW Trends I must say, as I ventured through the streets of Austin during SXSW, certain aspects of my look for the day kept popping up in surprisingly stylish ways. So, naturally, I kept my eyes peeled to photograph some of the amazing cropped tops, bold jackets, black and white moments and prints during SXSW.
L'Wren Scott Accomplished Much More Than Dating Mick Jagger Of course, who L'Wren Scott was dating at the time of her death could be considered germane to her life story. But it shouldn't
Lululemon Launches New Line, Makes Workout Clothes Happy Hour-Friendly The active clothing brand launched their new line called \&go,\ which will help remedy the age-old problem of constantly
British Vogue Editor Alexandra Shulman Says No One Wants To See 'Real' People On The Cover We'll have to wait and see what comes next from the mag (and the entire industry for that matter). In the meantime, we can
The 5 Real Truths About Jeans Shopping for Real Women 2. Just because a celebrity loves a pair of her jeans doesn't mean you will (or that should buy them).
9 Beauty Dilemmas Every Girl Encounters During Spring Break 3. Pool And Ocean Waters Are Manicure Ruiners Solution
7 Goat's Milk Beauty Products For Moisturized Hair And Skin 3. Goat Milk Stuff Laundry Soap Bar, $7.50
Mom on a Mission to End Childhood Cancer Gets GLAM4GOOD! One of the bravest women I know is a 31-year-old single mom named Elissa Gaus. Elissa's world shattered on May 7, 2010. It was the day her 4-year-old son Micah was diagnosed with a baseball-sized brain tumor.
St. Patrick's Day Chic Whether you're hitting the bars or hanging with your girls, there's zero excuse not to look like a million bucks this St. Patrick's Day.
Alex Nu\u00f1ez, Artist, Matches Her Lipstick To Her Beanie Perfectly Matching your lipstick to your outfit may seem really scary, but we have proof that the results can be quite beautiful. We
Isaac Mizrahi On The 'Right Way' For Fashion To Incorporate Plus-Size (VIDEO) Mizrahi then talks about the \right way\ that the fashion industry should be embracing various sizes. \I don't like segregation
The Spring in Fashion is Green and Sustainable, Vaiva Style \It's an advantage to be tall, tanned and exotic. But I feel like for some commercial work it's hard to breakthrough and
Buddha Mama Each of Nancy Badia's beautiful pieces embodies a positive lifestyle. Besides creating exquisite fine jewelry pieces, Badia, the jewelry line's founder and designer instills Buddhist values and intricacies to each of her jewelry \babies.\
Fashion Designer L'Wren Scott Found Dead In NYC Apartment Earlier this year, Scott canceled her Fall/Autumn 2014 Fashion Week show that was supposed to take place in London. Scott
'Twas A Rough Week For Blondes On Our Best & Worst Beauty List (PHOTOS) WORST
Get Noticed At Work With These Style Tips It\u2019s no surprise that you want to stand out at work. And, while a fresh idea or killer presentation will certainly earn you
Hollywood Steps Out With The Best Accessories Of The Week Kim Kardashian's pumps Olivia Wilde's hat Nothing livens up a little black dress better than hot pink accessories. Wilde's
Cara Delevingne Has A Best Friend, And It's Karl Lagerfeld Cara Delevingne and Karl Lagerfeld are quite the BFFs these days. Paris Fashion Week ended a few weeks ago, but Cara has
Madonna Channels 'Game Of Thrones' Character Daenerys Targaryen For Jewish Holiday Wearing a platinum-blonde wavy wig, brown buckled corset and brass bangles, Madonna bears an uncanny resemblance to the fictional
These Vintage Hair Dryer Photos Make It Seem Cool Under The Hood One of our biggest pet peeves about going to the hair salon is sitting under those industrial hair dryers that just seem
8 Beauty Tricks That'll Blow Your Mind Walking into Sephora with a zero makeup aptitude can be really intimidating. There seems to be endless knowledge and methods
We're Lusting After All The Amazing Pieces On This Week's Cheap Celeb Finds Spring has sprung and that means it's finally time to start thinking about playful rompers and floral blouses. Thankfully
We Found A Jacqueline Kennedy Selfie From 60 Years Ago And It's Everything You'd Expect Oh Jackie O, if only we were around in the '60s to witness your American class, impeccable style... and to take a selfie
SXSW Street Style Stomping around the grounds of SXSW, I canvassed events from FADER Fort to The Illmore that featured artsits ranging from Sam Smith to Future. As I hopped around from one event to the next, two major fashion trends stood out
St. Patrick's Day Makeup Ideas When we mention the words \green makeup,\ people instantly throw out a number of words like \Eww,\ \Weird,\ and our personal
The Ridiculous Things Our Editors Do For Fashion \I put tape around my rings that are too big.\ \...And straightened my hair with a clothing iron.\ \I've tucked my shirts
Go Green for St. Patrick's Day We've picked out some of our favorites, in a variety of styles, designs, and shades. Check them out.
Shear Madness TV Personality, Natalie Redding Models California Boho Fashion Exclusive Boho chic Natalie wears white linen pants by James Perse, a white cotton shirt by Free People and she accessorizes with an apple floral print scarf.
The Stars On This Week's Best-Dressed List Deserve An A+ Many stars hit all the right marks on our best-dressed list this week. Emma Watson proved that a black dress is anything
What Attracts Women to Purchase Fashion Footwear Online? Too many websites and too many shoes too choose from! So what attracts women to purchase fashion footwear on some of the most popular online websites?
Correcting the Rumors Enabled and protected by the freewheeling and often times anonymous nature of the Internet, people have become comfortable concocting hate-filled and libelous tales about my professional and personal lives. In writing this, I make a humble attempt at correcting these rumors.
This 'Anti'-Modeling Agency Is Changing The Way We Look At Beauty Founders Pandora and Lucy
Lena Dunham's Dress Is A Real Eye-Opener Just as we thought the 27-year-old had already achieved her best look of the week as Glamour's cover girl, she proves us
Don't Take Any Style Lessons From The Celebrities Who Made This Week's Worst-Dressed List Kristen Bell Von Teese's dress itself is actually kind of pretty, but with the gloves it skews a little costumey. The \Hunger
Obama On 'Dad Jeans' Incident Well, mister president, we have noticed your efforts to step-up your style game, and we salute you. Obama phoned in to \On
Green With Envy Whether you're off to the pub or celebrating with corned beef hash at home, shamrock-colored clothes will get you in the holiday spirit.
Calvin Klein Every Day With that being said, we've decided to put together a Weekly Style Guide for Calvin Klein. One pair of underwear for every day, so that you're never without this timeless and classic brand. Check out some of our picks below.
Goeun Yoon, Student, Explains Do-It-Yourself Ombre Hair Color \I just did my hair by myself,\ the student told us. \It took four times to do it -- I just kept repeating the bleaching
Banksy Is #WithSyria -- Are You? (VIDEO) \The response to this biggest humanitarian crisis of recent times is drastically underfunded and there is no end of the conflict
Wine for Your Skin This month\u00a029 by Lydia Mondavi rolls out nationwide at Target, part of the retailer's new luxury beauty beauty department
The Inside Scoop On Modeling KM
Campbell's Scoop No. 1 When going nude in any setting I think most of us initially worry about being judged and feeling vulnerable in that there is no place to hide our insecurities - they are totally exposed for everyone to see.
Victoria Beckham Tries Out A Treadmill Desk, Forgets Her Sneakers Something tells us this is against treadmill protocol. Would you try out a treadmill desk? Check out the photo and sound
3 Reasons Why We're Loving Sephora's Beauty Board Sephora has launched their new social shopping experience, Beauty Board, where customers can upload and view pictures of
Michelle Obama Plays With Patterns In A Diane Von Furstenberg Wrap Dress The dress went perfectly with Michelle's new hair, and gave us all hope that spring really is just around the corner. She
This Woman With Vitiligo Reminds Us Of What 'Beautiful' Really Means (VIDEO) The next time you feel reluctant about facing the world sans makeup, or nervous about revealing your \imperfections\ to those
12 Bags That Prove Hands-Free Is The Way To Be Totes and clutches will always have a special place in our hearts, but, let\u2019s be honest, sometimes they\u2019re a handful. And
12 Tricks That Girls With Straight, Fine Hair Should Know \Just sleep with it in a braid,\ friends have told me. \Just use some mousse and scrunch it with your hands,\ others have
Warning Sometimes we forget how much bearing the way we look on the outside has on how we feel about ourselves on the inside or even
A Royal Fashion Faceoff At The Cheltenham Festival Going Without A Hat? As one of the Queen's grandchildren, we expected nothing less than understated elegance from Olympic
Size Matters Not all smalls are created equally.
25 Outfits That Were Dramatically Improved By Converse Sneakers There are few outfits that can't be made better by a pair of Converse. Whether you're wearing a leather jacket, basketball
Betabrand Hires Graduate Students As Models, And The Results Are Pretty Great That's exactly what Betabrand did for their most recent campaign, which features Ph.D. candidates as models. The women look
3 Ways To Wear A Tuxedo Jacket Maybe we're going out on a limb here, but few wardrobe staples have the power of a tuxedo jacket. Tailored to fit a woman's
Kate Upton Is The New Face Of Express, Proving She's Just About Everywhere In the least surprising twist ever, Kate Upton has landed yet another campaign. Clothing retailer Express announced Wednesday
Being Open to Change, Going Short and Switching Color Line Let me step back a few months. The decision I made to switch color lines closely followed another change -- I cut my hair
Karl Lagerfeld's 'Very Simple' Tip For Youthful Skin We definitely co-sign Lagerfeld's youthful skin tip, plus his stance on why smoking isn't good for you either. But we're
Cara Delevingne And Kate Moss To Appear In New Burberry Ad, Internet Explodes Now THIS is going to be good. Burberry announced Wednesday morning via its Instagram account that Cara Delevingne and Kate
Kukui Nut Oil When \12 Years a Slave\ actress Lupita Nyong'o shared her beauty secrets with Glamour, she name-dropped Hawaiian kukui oil
A Conversation With Style Maven India Hicks A well-dressed man... is incredibly sexy. Before I go to bed... I start making lists for tomorrow. The best thing that's
Lily Allen Lost Her Chanel Wedding Dress For Five Minutes, And Everyone Panicked Lily Allen is pretty comfortable taking her clothes off. Perhaps that's why her Chanel wedding dress, which is worth upward
The Value of Dressing Your \Today Body\ There is real benefit to be gleaned from dressing your transitional body well. Looking good now can get you hooked on looking good
Target's Latest Photoshop Fail Looks Pretty Painful (UPDATED) UPDATE
The Best of Both Worlds Vela's mastering of casual cool embodies the everyday stylings in Dustdevil country, bringing forth the unexpected and putting new spins on the most unlikely of garments.
Lena Dunham I feel prettier with a naked face and ChapStick. But a good haircut makes a huge difference. Well, we agree, Lena's cropped
Gisele Gives A Sneak Peek Of Her Latest Lingerie Ad, Leaves Little To The Imagination Gisele B\u00fcndchen may have been the highest paid model of 2013, but that hasn't stopped her from keeping up her business ventures
Best Sweatpants Jeans and dress pants can sometimes be the most uncomfortable pieces of clothing in the world. Then, you try to remedy that
How The French Have Beat Us (Again) It looks like the French have beat us again. Right before she finished, S\u00e9gol\u00e8ne asked if I wanted a makeup application before
Obama's Gap Shopping Trip Is As Endearingly Awkward As You'd Imagine On Tuesday, POTUS made a stop at the Gap on East 42nd Street and Third Avenue in New York City, telling a sales associate
How Much Should You Spend On a Bra? We try on tons of shoes to get a sense of the qualities we prefer. Most of us have favorite brands. Why not treat lingerie the same way?
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds GET READY, GET SET, BID!!! As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any
Organizing Your Beauty Booty Organize makeup brushes in pretty small vases or pencil cups to add a bit of style to your dressing area. This works whether you're storing them in a medicine cabinet or on a countertop.
Need A Blowout At Home Within The Hour? There's An App For That, And It's Called Glamsquad So should you try this? Why not? If you're already the type to book blowouts, then Glamsquad is a great option for you, whether
The Rise of Contemporary Plus Size Fashion So when you see the likes of Monif C, Jibri, Rachel Pally, CarmaKoma, and even now, the new Eloquii giving us trends, fashion
9 Beauty Tips That Will Cut Down Your Morning Routine 8. Blow-dry the front of your hair, and nothing else. Especially for people with wavy hair, you might only \u201cneed\u201d to blow
St. Patrick's Day We make up only two percent of the world's population, and being super unique is definitely something to be proud of... whether you're lucky or not.
Karl Lagerfeld Said WHAT About The Royal Family? It's not news that Karl Lagerfeld is a royal enthusiast. In fact, the \Fashion Pope\ has made his fair share of comments
More People Go Commando Than You Might Think, According To A New Poll In Vanity Fair Here's one way to save money on laundry -- stop wearing underwear. Vanity Fair teamed up with 60 Minutes to conduct a fashion
2014 Academy Awards Gift Lounges Ingesol Luxury Time Pieces handed out both men and women's watches and Life N Soul gave out headphones. Rockabye Mommy, a
3 Reasons Why We're Excited For Lorde's MAC Makeup Collection (UPDATE) MAC Cosmetics is just rackin' up those makeup collaborations, aren't they? Have you seen the beautiful blue lips they created
Subway Takes A Bite Out of Fashion (Again) At SXSW Over the weekend, Subway premiered its latest eatovation called the \Flatizza\ at South by Southwest (SXSW). While the meal
The Broke Girl's Guide To Spring Shopping In a dream world, our closet closets would be chock-full of Chanel, C\u00e9line, Dior, and all of the fanciful spring offerings
How Coloring My Hair Changed Me As a Person With distance from the girl I used to be, I had space to figure out who I really was and what I really wanted -- and I wanted to be blonde.
15 Things Rihanna Can Teach Any Woman About Being Glamorous Like, all the time. Everywhere. 9. The key to better skin might just mean getting back to a basic skincare routine without
Rachel Dickinson, Fashion Blogger, Contours And Highlights Her Face Like A Professional It was blistering cold the day we ran into fashion blogger Rachel Dickinson. But the sun seemed to shine beautifully against
Stars With Razor-Sharp Haircuts Top This Week's Best & Worst Beauty List (PHOTOS) Not only can the perfect haircut make an entire outfit, but it has the ability to make you feel great about yourself. And
Floral Sneaker Trend Has Us Running From Winter Converse Japan Skidgrip \Tropics.\ Hypebeast.com Possibly following the lead of the men's spring runway trends, new shoe
Paris Fashion Week Brought Out The Best Accessories Of The Week Julie Pailhas' clutch Anna Dello Russo's Prada headband Elle Fanning's purse Maiko Shibata's sandals These statement earrings
It's Official, Lauren Conrad Has The Best Instagram Account Ever If we could have Lauren Conrad's life, that would be ideal. Well, at least according to her Instagram... it's picture-perfect
This Skincare Regimen Is The Secret To A Perfect Complexion Clogged pores, dull skin tone, fine lines that don't seem to disappear -- we've all been lead to believe there's a a miracle
MK & A's Street Style Wins Everything, And Other Twitter News From This Week This week on Twitter we found some MK & A street style snaps (a big congratulations to Mary-Kate on her engagement) and a
We're Already Creating Our Spring Wish Lists After Seeing This Week's Cheap Celeb Finds After more than a month of various Fashion Weeks and countless award shows, we've laid our eyes on one too many items of
Throw-On-And-Go Work Dresses It's tough enough prying ourselves from the warmth of our cozy duvet each morning. Also looking put-together and work-appropriate
Milla Jovovich Couldn't Get Any Cooler In This '90s Almay Commercial (VIDEO) So like everyone else, we love the '90s, and we couldn't help but share this gem. Milla Jovovich, in all of her long-haired
Michelle Obama Steps Out In Lighter Locks And A Black Dress In Florida (PHOTOS) Though we obviously loved Michelle's understated frock, we also couldn't help but notice her new blonde highlights, which
The Italian Guide To Flawless Style Out of the four major Fashion Weeks, Milan has the reputation of being a little off \u2014 but definitely not in a bad way. Smaller
Pack Your Chanel! Karl Lagerfeld Is Designing A Hotel What do you do when you're one of the most famous names in fashion and you just finished putting on Paris Fashion Week's
Miley Cyrus' Full Marc Jacobs' Spring/Summer 2014 Campaign (PHOTOS) When we first saw Miley Cyrus' pouty lips in ads from the Marc Jacobs Spring/Summer 2014 campaign, we were kind of into it
The Stars Who Landed On This Week's Worst-Dressed List Need A Makeover (PHOTOS) Debby Ryan This dress is all kinds of wrong. Not only is the print too much head-to-toe, but the matching purse is making
Cressida Bonas' Red Carpet Style Includes Sneakers, Because Duh Cressida Bonas has pretty much mastered the art of looking cool. From her combat boots to those amazing overalls, Prince
Men, THIS Is The Workout Gear You Should Wear To Land A Date At The Gym So hipsters, you no longer have an excuse not to hit the treadmill this weekend. Oh, and don't worry ladies -- there are
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie Watch her HuffPost Live clip above and tell us what you think. Additionally, Adichie tackled the problematic notion, \if
Gwyneth Paltrow is the New Face of Rest\u00f8rsea Here goes
Connie Britton's Hair Evolution Will Blow Your Mind If she's not rockin' as Rayna Jaymes in \Nashville\ or being the take-no-crap Tami Taylor on \Friday Night Lights,\ Connie
The Wildest Beauty Looks From Paris Fashion Week Fall 2014 Vivienne Westwood Womenswear Comme Des Garcons See our picks for the wildest beauty looks at Paris Fashion Week. Did we miss
Celebrity Hair Color That Is Making Us Seriously Nostalgic Nicki Minaj Green Which is your favorite? Red Blue Lady Gaga Lily Allen Gwen Stefani Indigo Paloma Faith Orange Lady Gaga
Best Hair Dryers 1. Elchim 2001 Professional Hair Dryer, $81
How to Wear Orange Lipstick They may have been on the runway last year, but that shouldn't stop you from wearing them. A bold lip is hot, especially as we in come into the warmer months and overall it is the perfect summer shade.
Iggy Azalea Gets 'Fancy' For Clueless-Inspired Music Video From an Alexander Wang sports bra to a Just Cavalli pink and yellow top to an outfit with the Chanel logo all up on it, Iggy
Princess Charlene Perfects The Cat-Eye Look At Paris Fashion Week (PHOTOS) Looks like we could all take a beauty tip or two from Princess Charlene of Monaco. Princess Charlene is no stranger to the
The Trend We'd Like to Kick Off Spring Fashion By Nora Milch, W Magazine More from W
Naomi Campbell's Anti-Aging Secret When Marc mentioned this Instagram photo of Naomi at the 1996 Academy Awards, he asked, \Do you have some special time machine
You've Never Seen Shrink Wrap Used Like This Before  (PHOTOS) The designer debuted her Fall 2014 collection at Paris Fashion Week on Wednesday and gave \keeping it fresh\ a whole new
Amy Poehler Suits Up For Hilarious Old Navy Commercials We had never given much thought to just how delightful pants could be until Amy Poehler entered our lives. The \Parks and
How Broke Girls From History Lived Out Their Fashion Fantasies In addition to showcasing beautiful, flowing costumes and garments, these figures also frequently exhibited references to contemporary pop culture and classic odes to literature and entertainment.
Men in Milano for Fashion Week May I introduce you? The Ryan Goslings and Leonardo DiCaprios of Fashion Week in Milano!
The Best Street Style From Paris Fashion Week Day 8 (PHOTOS) The bigger the show, the better the street style. Or at least that is how the saying goes. All images by Michelle Persad
Hacker Hymn glory glory google deserter boy glory glory Facebook deserter toy glory glory NSA defector boy and the truth comes marching
Jessica Alba Named Braun's New Beauty Brand Ambassador Alba has a stellar background in the beauty industry. She's been the face of Revlon and she runs her own line of non-toxic
How Do You Wear Your Life? #Gucci, #Gratitude The outer image you project is most probably a reflection of how you feel. Do you choose to wear your life as a beautiful statement, or do you choose to wear worry, sadness and misfortune?
International Relations Perhaps the most dichotomous artistic event of the year, Fashion Month throws together polar opposites that truly shouldn't work but just do
'Chanel Shopping Center' Is The Coolest Thing At Paris Fashion Week Fall 2014, Of Course Because Karl knows sneakers are made for shopping
The Sounds of Fashion Week If you've worked your way through all ten, congratulations! Now do this five times over with no sleep and no food. Welcome to fashion.
Kate Middleton's Date-Night Outfit Has Us Drooling We love seeing Kate all glammed up, but we have to admit we prefer the more casual look for a night out on the town. Now
Cameron Diaz Preaches Importance Of Pubic Hair (VIDEO) Since we used to be covered in hair, and now we're not except for a few places, I figure there's a purpose for that hair
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any questions. No time to page
How to Be a Style Icon in Workout Gear Do you know how many books have been written in yoga pants? I don't either, but I imagine many.
What's So Wrong With Being a Sugar Baby? It's not something I would do however, I don't see anything wrong with a person spending time with another person who wants to spoil and pamper. Whether or not SeekingArrangement.com exists, men and women with money will continue to seek lovers to spoil and those lovers will gladly accept.
IMA Fashion Arts Society's Red Carpet Review As for the gorgeous non-colors we saw everywhere, Cate Blanchett ruled in Giorgio Armani, with a nod to Sarah Paulson, both
Lupita Nyong'o's Award-Winning Red Carpet Hair & Makeup Looks NAACP Image Awards BAFTA Los Angeles Britannia Awards Get inspired! Academy Awards But, as a beauty editor, I was mostly
Tea Tree Oil For Your Body We agree -- if you are nervous about using alternative remedies that include tea tree oil, try performing a patch test first
Penelope Cruz's Oscar Dress 2014 Looks Like A Perfectly-Wrapped Pink Present (PHOTOS) Penelope Cruz looks stunning in just about anything, and this pink Giambattista Valli gown was no exception. The actress
Oscars 2014 Hair And Makeup Was Full Of Many Surprises (PHOTOS) WORST
Julia Roberts' Oscar Dress 2014 Is Peplum Perfection (PHOTOS) We missed seeing Julia Roberts on the Oscars red carpet last year. But this Hollywood legend has a proven track record of
Kerry Washington's Oscar Dress Shows Off Her Mama-To-Be Glow Kerry Washington hasn't allowed her delicate condition (read
The Celebrities Who Landed On The Oscars 2014 Worst-Dressed List Need Some Major Help (PHOTOS) Take a look at our worst-dressed list and tell us if you agree. Then be sure to check out our best-dressed list. Whoopi Goldberg
The Stars On The Oscars 2014 Best-Dressed List Are The Definition Of Hollywood Glamour (PHOTOS) Although J.Law can't seem to stop tripping in her Dior gowns, that doesn't make them any less stunning. The red strapless
Angelina Jolie's Oscar Dress 2014 Is Beyond Breathtaking (PHOTOS) CORRECTION
Naomi Watts' Oscar Dress 2014 Is Like A Winter Wonderland (PHOTOS) While California was experiencing lovely spring temperatures (after a brief rain shower), Watts stepped onto the 2014 Oscars
6 Ways to Do Turtlenecks Right To tuck or not to tuck, that is the question.
These Oscars After-Party Dresses Were Better Than The Gowns At The Show (PHOTOS) Anne Hathaway Jennifer Lawrence Jenna Dewan-Tatum Elisabeth Moss When the celebs hit the after-party, they show up in a whole
Miranda Kerr Sizzles In Silver And Looks Kind Of Familiar It seems like Miranda Kerr is just about everywhere these days, whether it's on the runway or in one of her many fashion
Chrissy Teigen's Oscar Dress 2014 Proves Pockets Can Be Glam, Too (PHOTOS) She looks beautiful in one of our favorite pieces from Lhuillier's Fall 2014 collection. Of course, having John Legend on
Chrissy Teigen Is A Sleek Goddess At The Oscars After-Party Mrs. John Legend arrived at the Oscars on Sunday night in an extremely elegant Monique Lhuillier gown, complete with pockets
The Calvin Klein Revolution 3. #WaistbandWednesday, CK Model Style. Go backstage with a group of Calvin Klein models as they show off their waistbands
The Biggest Models All Show Up For Paris Fashion Week (PHOTOS) While many fixate on the people sitting front row at Fashion Week, we are also watching the talent strutting down the catwalk
Why Paris Fashion Week Is The Ultimate Fashion Week 3. The extra touches. Only in Paris would you find handwritten calligraphy and a single flower at each seat. New York City
Lupita Nyong'o Wows In Light Blue Prada Gown At The Oscars And Takes Our Breath Away Well, the wait is over! The \12 Years A Slave\ star, who is nominated for Best Supporting Actress, stepped out in a stunning
Making The Case For Mom Jeans After catching \Sleeping with the Enemy\ on TV the other night, we got to thinking about mom jeans -- and, yes, the film
Olivia Wilde's Oscar Dress 2014 Shows Off Her Blossoming Belly (PHOTOS) sn' Wilde wowed us in a Valentino floor-length gown that showed off her protruding belly. We love the open back detail with
HuffPost Fashion Editor Michelle Persad Goes To Paris Fashion Week (PHOTOS) HuffPost Style does Paris Fashion Week! Our very own fashion editor, Michelle Persad, made the journey to our favorite place
Brunettes Are Having The Best Week Ever On Our Best & Worst Beauty List (PHOTOS) See these beautiful brunettes below (plus more standout hair and makeup). Kerry Washington attended the NAACP Image Awards
These Cheap Celeb Finds Aren't Helping Our Shopping Addiction When you can't afford to spend a lot of money on an entire outfit, you can never go wrong with some new accessories. Whether
Liza Minnelli's Blue Hair At The Oscars Puts All Those Updos To Shame (PHOTOS) We salute you, Ms. Minnelli, and your eternal signature streak (see what we did there?). Liza with a Z showed up to the 2014
Viola Davis' Oscar Dress 2014 Is A Glamorous Emerald Green Escada Gown, This Is Definitely Her Color Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. See
Amy Adams' Oscar Dress 2014 Is A Navy Blue Winner (PHOTOS) Unsurprisingly, the actress turned it out. Adams stepped onto the red carpet in a navy blue Gucci gown, Tiffany jewels and
Oscars 2014 Red Carpet The biggest awards show of the year is finally here
Why the Red Carpet Really Does Matter! Tonight is one of Hollywood's biggest nights. Academy Awards royalty will be crowned, but perhaps just as important, footprints of style success will be left on the red carpet.
Rihanna Sits Front Row At The Dior Fashion Show And Kills It We're really wishing we were in Paris right about now, and our Twitter feeds aren't making us feel much better about it. Paris
Lower-Lid Eyeliner That Makes You Look Cool, Not Sleepy We'll just come right out and say it
These Accessories Prove That Paris Fashion Week Trumps All The street style this week has been nothing short of glamorous, but what else would you expect during Paris Fashion Week
'Dallas Buyers Club' Makeup Artist On Matthew McConaughey's Tan And Jared Leto's Pink Lipstick What type of research did you conduct to really nail down the aesthetics? I adore that lip color myself and I can tell you
Kate Middleton At The Oscars SEE MORE
Tom Ford On Oscars Red Carpet Ford, who has a reputation for dressing just one lucky lady on Oscars night unless you've got the hook-up like Hayden Panettiere
Seven Women With the Same Earring How could this happen? Either Dior sent out free earrings or they just really seem to have met the Zeitgeist.
Messy Hair Takes Over The Runways At Paris Fashion Week Carven Dries Van Noten Show after show, models have strutted down the runway looking like they just rolled out of bed -- though
12 Beauty Essentials for Getting Red-Carpet Ready (Or Big Event Ready for Us Mere Mortals) This weekend the stars will be scampering about Los Angeles, preparing for the Oscars with last minute spray tans, facials
Rick Owens Showcases Another Diverse Runway For Paris Fashion Week It seems like it was just yesterday that we saw a fierce step team take over Rick Owens' show last fall during Paris Fashion
Miranda Kerr's H&M Campaign Is Normal, And We Like It Check out some of the H&M photos below and tell us which is your favorite. Finally, the moment we've all been waiting for
The Stars On This Week's Best-Dressed List Know How To Turn Heads (PHOTOS) We love a good jumpsuit and this ladylike version totally stole our hearts. The cut-out design is edgy, but the lace insets
These Sales Will Carry You Through Monday Morning And Casual Friday Banana Republic never disappoints, and they're only getting better -- take 40 percent off your entire purchase online and
Model On Terry Richardson But, one model says she \wouldn't work with him again.\ Shoemaker started off the discussion by responding to the notion
Celebrities Transformed By Tattoos Is Our New Obsession Cheyenne Randall has been transforming images of pop culture and historical figures in Photoshop, reports Today. The 36-year
Princess Diana Had A Vogue Makeover Before She Became A Style Icon, Says Bruce Oldfield A rumored contender to design the duchess' dress for her Royal Wedding in 2011, Oldfield's never had the opportunity to dress
Lori Land, Churchills Of Mount Kisco Co-Owner, Explains How To Wake Up With Healthier Hair Whenever we spark a conversation with a complete stranger about hair, we can go on and on swapping beauty secrets. And that's
Radical Skincare Instant Revitalizing Mask Destressed My Face In Mere Minutes Like any beauty product junkie, I love a good face mask. It's the perfect pick-me-up when my skin is tired of the same old
Academy Awards Here, our wish list of what these 10 talented nominees should wear for the 2014 Academy Awards.
10 Long-Lasting Lipsticks That Really Stick These long-wearing beauties put the \stick\ in lipstick.
What Elizabeth Taylor Taught Us About Bringing The Drama 3. Red lipstick makes everything look sexier. The legend, who would of been 82 years old today, also knew a thing or two
Brush It Up Each brush has a specific purpose. The length, material, and thickness of brushes differ and it is important to know the differences to get the best outcome in your makeup application.
Gisele Bundchen Walks Balenciaga Show In Paris She may be the highest-earning model in the world, but Gisele Bundchen is not above walking runways. At least, not when it
Countdown to the Oscars While Instagram updates can make anyone feel as though they're in on the Hollywood secrets for red-carpet perfection, there are untold tricks that makeup artists keep up their sleeves for those moments when nothing can be left to chance.
10,000 Butt Implant Procedures Were Performed In The U.S. In 2013, Report Says According to a new American Society of Plastic Surgeons report, plastic surgery is on the rise -- no ifs, ands, or butts
Disabled Model Debbie Van Der Putten Stars In New Dutch Campaign Model Debbie van der Putten is an amputee who lost her arm at 19 in a bus crash, but that isn't stopping her from conquering
Michelle Obama Jumps Aboard The Boyish Brows Bandwagon Nothing sparks an argument here at HuffPost Style quite like these three words -- Michelle Obama's eyebrows. We're loving
Best Black Skinny Jeans When thinking of your wardrobe classics, we would have to guess that white tees and blue jeans are already in your aresenal
Paris Fashion Week Fall 2014 All images by Michelle Persad. Check out all the amazing eyewear and pastel accessories below, and tell us you do not secretly
Rihanna's New Bob Is A Nod To 'Pulp Fiction' Rihanna graced the cover of Vogue's March issue with a stylish pixie, but the singer was spotted in Paris on Tuesday, Feb
Tara Lipinski And Johnny Weir Are Your Oscars Style Commentators Everyone's favorite Sochi Olympics commentators, Tara Lipinski and Johnny Weir, are headed to the Oscars. \Access Hollywood
85 Years Of Best Actress Beauty Looks By closely comparing Best Actress winners over the past 86 years, we were able to draw some conclusions about the role that
Charlotte Rampling Is The New Face Of NARS Cosmetics If you watched the last season of \Dexter\ and some good French thrillers, then you know who Charlotte Rampling is. Well
8 Dresses Every Woman Needs From a perfect variation on the classic shirt dress to the ultimate badass-leather investment piece, this range comes perfectly
The Worst Oscars Dresses Of All Time Part of the fun of the Academy Awards is watching the red carpet Read more on www.cnn.com
Jessica Lange Is The New Face Of Marc Jacobs Beauty (PHOTO) Move over, youngins! 2014 is shaping up to be the year of timeless radiance for the beauty industry -- and we're not complaining
Hayley Hasselhoff This is why she supports the various Plus-Size Fashion Weekends around the globe. Through the plus-size runways in the U.S
Pippa Middleton FINALLY Addresses Her Hip-Hugging Royal Wedding Dress CORRECTION
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds Which item is your favorite? Leave me a comment below to let me know. GET READY, GET SET, BID!!! To receive the eBay Roundup
Supermodel Carol Alt On Kate Upton So, what's the deal with Kate Upton? While the 21-year-old model has been featured in several Sports Illustrated Swimsuit
Headpieces For Peace Hey Pharrell Williams, have I got some head gear you might want to wear! Knowing how vocal your hats can be (I follow them
Lupita Nyong'o Rocks A Copper Lanvin Dress At 'Non-Stop' Premiere With Perfect Results The promising Best Supporting Actress Oscar-nominee attended the \Non-Stop\ movie premiere at the Regency Village Theatre
Julianne Moore Shows Some Leg In A Prabal Gurung Dress At 'Non-Stop' Premiere Julianne Moore is like a fine wine -- she just keeps getting better with age! The 53-year-old actress attended the Los Angeles
Tamron Hall's 'Today' Show Style Is Spunky, Sophisticated & Super Bright (PHOTOS) When I heard the news that \Today\ regular Tamron Hall was officially named a co-host of the 9 a.m. hour, I couldn't help
Ireland Baldwin Scores Oscars Gig, Will Be TVGN Live With ET's Fashion Correspondent She's appeared in W Magazine, Vanity Fair and DuJour, notes Us Weekly. \I'm not used to being on camera so it's interesting
10 Reasons Outlet Shopping Is The Best Shopping Hear us out
Lea Michele Poses In Sexy V Magazine Shoot, Embraces Her 'Grandma' Nickname (PHOTOS) Lea Michele is one sexy \grandma.\ Read more of Ms. Michele's interview in V88
Why This Woman Has To Shave Her Face Twice A Day (VIDEO) All types of unusual things start happening to our bodies once we hit puberty. One of the most unsettling changes is growing
Could You Die From Shaving Your Bikini Area? (VIDEO) Removing hair from sensitive spots such as your armpits and pubic area can be a real hassle. If you decide to shave these
Powerful Photographs Saving Lives DH
Jeremy Scott Serves Up Smiles If I were ever to sit front row, it would be hard to contain me in my seat. I'd weep with joy. Smile, laugh and clap out
Fabulous Faux Fur Snuggle up this season and channel your inner Hollywood starlet in one of this season's most luxurious materials
78 Percent Of Women Spend An Hour A Day On Their Appearance, Study Says On Monday, a new Today/AOL \Ideal to Real\ body image survey was released, and it shows that people are giving up one of
Magic... in Underwear! Day one
Ni'ma Ford, Fashion Stylist & Model, Shares Her Secret For Incredibly Smooth Lips When we asked Ford how she keeps her signature red pout so smooth, she told us that it starts with homemade lip scrub. \I
Tim Gunn On Transgender Models, His Sexuality & Finding Role Models Gunn seems almost apologetic about his stance on trans models. Considering his own struggles with identity and sexuality
Scarlett Johansson Covers Dazed Spring Issue, Talks Her 'Womanly' Body (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
A Conversation With Fashion Designer Mary Katrantzou Her voice and her aesthetic is so singular and so clear that fast fashion companies often look to her for inspiration and/or imitation.
Fashion Designer Makes Clothes With Fermented Tea (VIDEO) It's time to put down that cup of tea and consider wearing it. Okay, you don't have to do that right this minute. But, Sacramento
Celebrities In Smoldering Eye Makeup Top This Week's Best & Worst Beauty List (PHOTOS) Rita Ora sported emerald green eyeshadow that popped against her blonde locks, and we've never seen navy rimmed-lids as stunning
It's All About The Accessories At London And Milan Fashion Weeks Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Fashion
Proof That Black And White Will Never Go Out Of Style There's just something about the classic black and white combo. It gives off a suit-and-tie vibe that makes an outfit feel
7 Ways To Tell If You're Actually A Princess Kate Middleton in her sold-out Zara necklace and Princess Victoria of Sweden in an H&M jacket 4. You don't go to the salon
What's A Twitter Roundup Without Chrissy Teigen? This week, our Twitter feed wasn't inundated with New York Fashion Week updates... and we're okay with it. That being said
10 Cringeworthy 'Sex And The City' Fashion Moments (PHOTOS) This shirt on Stanford. Pretty much most of Stanford's wardrobe. All of this hair. Over the years, \Sex And The City\ has
These Sales Are The Only Reasons To Get Out Of Bed This Weekend Zara is still at it with their winter sale, offering up the last of their off-priced goods. But don't let the fact that they're
Get Celeb-Shaped Brows You've just taken the most gorgeous photo. Are you going to place it on the wall with a thumbtack or highlight it in a beautiful wood frame? Hollywood beauty expert Damone Roberts thinks of eyebrows in the same way.
We Cannot Believe All The Steals On This Week's Cheap Celeb Finds At this point we've come to understand that most celebrities don't wear couture and high-end designers all the time. But
The Stars On This Week's Worst-Dressed List All Look Super Silly Chrissy Teigen Lady Gaga Ellie Goulding We suddenly have an urge to play Tic-Tac-Toe, rather than dole out anything close
A History Of Black Hair In America As February is Black History Month, I wanted to do something to celebrate such a rich, beautiful heritage, but also something
There Were Plenty Of Eye-Catching Looks On This Week's Best-Dressed List This dress, with its ginormous box skirt, could have easily landed Emma on our worst-dressed list. However, the actress pulled
These Are The Makeup Counter Rules You Need To Follow Before you indulge in a much needed beauty haul, you need to read this list of makeup counter rules. And if this doesn't
Kendall And Kylie Jenner Cover Marie Claire Mexico \Sometimes we have to take a step back and realize that with the opportunities we have, we also have a lot of power to change
Victoria Beckham Says She's a Team Player I knew two things for certain
Michelle Obama Appears On 'The Tonight Show' In A Jumpsuit Because She's A Style Goddess Of course, the only convincing we need is seeing how great she looks in that jumpsuit. Pass the kale chips, please. FLOTUS
Princess Madeleine's Baby Girl Gives Sweden A New Royal! Even though Madeleine is fourth in line to the throne of Sweden, she's currently living in New York City with her husband
Sephora Unveils 'Divergent' Makeup Collection (PHOTOS) The beauty retailer is releasing a \Divergent\-inspired limited-edition collection that's slated to come out next month. Although
What Skin Brighteners Really Do To Your Skin Skin brighteners target post-inflammatory hyperpigmentation -- a broad, catch-all term for any kind of inflammation on the
Figure Skaters And Oscars Stars Have More In Common Than You Think Carolina Kostner & Jennifer Lopez Ashley Wagner & Kristin Chenoweth The only thing more exciting than the Winter Olympics
Anastasia Ashley Lands Coveted Spot In 2014 Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Between
Jeremy Scott Makes His Moschino Debut For Fall 2014, The Internet Explodes With Commentary Moschino is known for having fun on the runway, but Jeremy Scott just took it to a whole new level. The designer was announced
10 Things Women Can Learn From Men 8. Be Low-Maintenance- Sometimes, going out with women friends is a three-part adventure
Lorde Wears Her Crown In The March Issue Of Vogue (PHOTO) Read the rest of her interview on Vogue.com to learn about her relationship with fame and the inspiration behind her interesting
Jerry Hall Chops Off Her Iconic Long Hair Into A Lob Haircut (PHOTOS) It's truly the end of an era. Jerry Hall took to Twitter Wednesday to announce that after a 40-year relationship with the
Your Guy Is Not as Short as You Think -- It May Be His Clothes They say 'the man makes the clothes' and the 'clothes don't make the man,' but if you're not careful, the clothes he's wearing sure can make the man look a lot shorter than he is. The average man typically wears shirts, sweaters, trousers, and suits at least a size too big.
Julep Ta Da! Quick Dry Drops Dries Nail Polish Super Fast *Julep provided a sample of this product for review purposes. Julep Ta Da! Quick Dry Drops, $14, Julep.com But no matter
My Favorite Trends for Spring 2014 With NYFW just wrapping up, the fashion world is aflutter with talk of runway trends for A/W 2014, but I just can't help anxiously await the arrival of spring! Today, I'm sharing a few of my favorite trends that were forecasted for spring 2014.
Why Use Microbeads When The Alternatives Are Better? Are they just as effective? \100 percent,\ says Dr. Buka. \In fact, microbeads are typically rounded on their edges. So some
9 Tricks I've Learned To Make Asian Skin And Hair Look Gorgeous Monolids are eyelids that don't have a natural \fold\ or \crease.\ Some Asian girls have them and they can be super frustrating
Best Sports Bras 4. Nike Pro Victory Compression Sports Bra, $30
Brittany Kozerski, Associate Editor At Marie Claire, Teaches Us Her Zit-Zapping Technique Some girls just have a glow about them. That kind of glow that makes you stop dead in your tracks and take notice. Brittany
10 Items Your Closet Really Needs There's an inevitable ebb and flow to which bits of your wardrobe you actually wear. For every couple of weeks you find yourself
What's Hot This Winter The latest edition of Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week has come and gone and while we all know whatever we wear next season will eventually trickle down, it's clear current street style has its copycats and followers.
35 Under $100 Winter Buys We wish winter were on its way out, but we know it's gonna linger. If you're located in the Northeast, like us, there's a
Elle Style Awards 2014 Red Carpet Features Lots Of Leggy Looks (PHOTOS) It took just one look at the 2014 Elle Style Awards red carpet for us to feel embarrassed about not shaving our legs in weeks
Move Over, Blake Lively! Ryan Reynolds Is The New Face Of L'Or\u00e9al Paris It\u2019s no surprise that the Lively-Reynoldses are more attractive than your average couple. Just how much more attractive? Well
Brit Awards 2014 Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram. Jessie J. Britney Spears
8 Beauty Tips to Brighten Your Tired Face Now that your skin is all aglow, counteract your exhausted look (which usually one can see under the eyes in the form of puffiness or dark circles) by distracting your audience's attention and playing up a different feature with a bright color
Kate Upton Exudes Classic Beauty In CR Fashion Book (PHOTOS) Take a look at the classically dark photos below. After the model's surprise Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue cover and
Khlo\u00e9 Kardashian Sends Bold Message With 'F*ck Yo Fur' Coat (PHOTOS) Well, if you didn't know how Khlo\u00e9 Kardashian felt about fur, she's making it very clear. If this isn't making a statement
Michelle Phan Channels Rihanna's Bad Girl Look In Makeup Tutorial (VIDEO) Phan, who is widely known for her amazing celebrity transformations, shows us how to channel Rihanna's bad girl look in the
Marc Jacobs' Big Dose of Reality New York Fashion Week appeared to start to settle down a bit, at least from where we sit across the continent. That is, until the Marc Jacobs show.
The Urban Girl's Dictionary A guide to words I wish were part of our common vernacular.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds No time to page through thousands of eBay listings? Then just sneak a peek at my weekly eBay roundup of top vintage clothing
Sharon Stone Tells Shape She Doesn't Want To Be 'An Ageless Beauty,' Is Still One Anyway Stone is not alone in that sentiment. Mature models have become a presence in everything from fashion shows to American Apparel
Gap Goes Back To Basics For Spring 2014 Campaign (PHOTOS) Additionally, Gap and Vogue magazine came together to create the first tactile print ad. So in the March 2014 issue, you'll
Geometric Bags You'll Want To Get Your Hands On Accessories for spring 2014 are a lesson in geometry\u2014literally. Boho-chic bags, which are indicative of the sun and the surf
6 Tips for Picking the Best Hair Extensions Hair Extensions allow women to add a couple of inches and volume to their locks without waiting for them to grow. There are several extensions to choose from, and this can be daunting to first time users. Here are some tips to help you along the way.
Fall's Nude Nail Trend Is For The Ultimate Lazy Girl (PHOTOS) To get the look, use Essie Allure. Reem Acra Fall 2014 To get the look, use Essie Adore-a-Ball and Allure. Helmut Lang Fall
Vintage Photos Of The Most Stylish First Ladies (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Lady
Michele Savoia Dead Menswear designer Michele Savoia, who created clothing for movie stars, has died. He was 55. Outside of work, Savoia was
Preetma Singh, Market Editor At WSJ Mag, Makes Green Hair Look So Darn Cool I once heard an editor describe New York Fashion Week as \the fashion industry's prom\ because we get to show off our prettiest
Stars Show Us How To Embrace Our Uniqueness On This Week's Best & Worst Beauty List (PHOTOS) When your brows are groomed to perfection like Diane's, you can really get away with a barely-there makeup look. Her retro
The Best Accessories From New York Fashion Week Fall 2014 Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. All
Angelina Jolie And Brad Pitt Match In His & Hers Suits At The 2014 BAFTAs (PHOTOS) Nothing says we're in love like matching outfits. (Remember Britney and Justin's denim-on-denim ensembles?) But for the 2014
BAFTA 2014 Red Carpet Is Filled With Glamorous Gowns And Suits (PHOTOS) We think Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt win hands down for best-dressed couple at the BAFTAs with their his and her suits. However
10 Lovely Lace Dresses That'll Help You Pretend It's Spring If there's any wardrobe piece that epitomizes fresh, spring style, it's a lace dress. And, if there was ever a time we needed
Peggy Fleming Brought Classic Glamour To The Winter Olympics (PHOTO) Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram. (For everything
These Cheap Celeb Finds Almost Make Up For The Runway Items We Can't Afford With Fashion Month well underway, our Fall 2014 wish lists have gotten very long, very fast. And while we love seeing the
Spring Trend Alert Alright. Despite the recent weather, spring is -- we promise -- fast approaching. Anyway, looking forward to vacations and getaways, especially if you're on the east coast like us over at The Underwear Expert, we're also looking forward to a great spring trend as well
The Best Sales Of The Weekend Will Make You Forget All About The Snow Tracy Reese
Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Cover 2014 The models join a long list of beautiful women (Christie Brinkley and Tyra Banks, to name a few) who have had the honor of
The 8 Looks We Editors Want From New York Fashion Week Fall 2014 (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Come
Street Chic This year the fiercest NYFW ensembles weren't necessarily on the catwalks -- they were on the streets! From celebrities to fashionistas alike, attendees stepped up their fashion game in a variety of noteworthy trends.
13 Of The Most Beautiful Runway Photos From New York Fashion Week Zac Posen Rodarte Honor Oscar de la Renta Altuzarra Donna Karan New York Monique Lhuillier J. Mendel Let the photos speak
13 Beauty Tricks We Learned Backstage At New York Fashion Week Fall 2014 Sure, New York Fashion Week is supposed to be a time when clothes are celebrated. But, there wouldn't be beauty looks if
Hunks With Heart 4. Dhani Jones \I was googling images for a tattoo...what I discovered was utterly heartbreaking...pictures of rhinos with
The Week's Worst Dressed List Presents A Cautionary Tale About Prints (PHOTOS, VIDEO) More stars who missed the mark
Mara Hoffman Is Surprisingly Zen Backstage At Fashion Week Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Take
Kendall Jenner Becomes First Kardashian To Land In Vogue Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Proof
'Fashion Girls' (and Guys) Are Killing NYFW You know that feeling you get when you have new outfit to wear and you're suddenly on top of the world? You expect NYFW to be that, amplified by a hundred, because it's freaking fashion week. What you get instead is underwhelming boredom.
Pamella Roland Does Modern Art Deco For Fall Collection (PHOTO) But of course, we had to ask her which celebrity she would love donning her gowns. \u201cKate Winslet ... one of these days, maybe
The One Men are not known for being super intuitive, so this is your guide to spotting your Game Changer early on, so you don't screw it up and regret it later on.
Single? Pick a Valentine's Risk or Put on Your Thong and Start Training Answer these two questions
New York Fashion Week Day 7 Was All About Sassy Hair (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Scroll
Lipstick Queen's Vesuvius Liquid Lips Is The Creamy Lipstick Of My Dreams (PHOTOS) Rating
New York Fashion Week Fall 2014 Beauty Street Style Check out our favorite curly 'dos below, all shot by our amazing HuffPost Style photographer and photo editor Raydene Salinas
PHOTOS Of all the Olympians on display during the Winter Games, few have as much of an opportunity to flaunt their fashion as figure
Lupita Nyong'o & Anna Wintour Spotted Front Row At Calvin Klein, We Have A Meltdown That's right, Vogue's matriarch and the \12 Years A Slave\ actress were spotted front row and side-by-side at the Calvin
Buy Madonna's New Skincare Line In... Japan She already has a collection of Grammys, acting and directing credits, fitness DVDs and a popular-selling clothing line. Now
Jared Leto Shows Up Late To Jeremy Scott Runway Show, Totally Makes Up For It About 35 minutes after Jeremy Scotts' Fall 2014 show was scheduled to begin, the lights dimmed and power publicist Kelly
Marquita Pring Hates The Term 'Plus-Size' And So Do We We don't like to throw around the H-word too often, but in this case we're making an exception, especially for an awesome
The Most Outrageous Looks From New York Fashion Week Fall 2014 (PHOTOS) Hood By Air, Fall 2014 Jeremy Scott, Fall 2014 The Blonds, Fall 2014 Check out the eight most outrageous looks from New York
7 Bad Beauty Habits You're Doing At Your Desk We know you're busy. And, on more than one occasion, you've probably joked that your job keeps you chained to your desk. Even
Emilia Clarke Is Gorgeous, Demure In Vs. Magazine Catch up on \Game of Thrones\
NYFW Ends With 50 Shades Of Grey, Pastels... & Lupita Nyong'o (PHOTOS) We were not, however, embracing this grey weather. But, Fashion Week still goes on... Earlier this week, we were obsessing
Street Style Fashion Week After a full seven days of New York Fashion Week, editors start to go a little... wild. Perhaps that's why we saw so many
The Blonds' 'Good Girl Gone Bad' Nail Art Is Packing A Lot Of Heat (PHOTOS) The Blonds sure know how to put on a runway show! We may never actually wear their outlandish threads, but designers Phillipe
Fashion Week Live Blog The eighth and final day of New York Fashion Week is upon us. But don't be sad! There are still plenty of shows to report
So A Gummy Bear Onesie Exists And We Don't Know How To Feel Love gummy bears? Love onesies? Join the club. Now you can have the best of both worlds with this GUMMY BEAR ONESIE. You're
Backstage Pass to the Coolest Behind-the-Scenes Lounges of Fashion Week It's very rare that I get to a show super early, but this week, I've had a couple of opportunities where I've been a little early, with time to sneak a peek backstage and crash a couple of VIP lounges to see what goes on behind the runways at NYFW.
Gwyneth Paltrow And Reese Witherspoon Blend In At Hugo Boss Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. From
Nanette Lepore's Fall 2014 Collection Is A Lesson In 'Less Is More' Though we would gladly take all of the designs home, our favorite look from the show came at the very end. The model strutted
Fashion Week Live Blog Well folks, it's been a full week since New York Fashion Week started! With just two more days to go, there are still plenty
How Lipstick (Yes, Lipstick) Can Instantly Make Your Day Better ...and more appealing to the opposite sex. Anecdotally, we can certainly say that we get a jolt of confidence each time we
The 28-Year-Old Who Is Shocking the Israelis and Taking the Fashion World By Storm \If you like a dress, it doesn't matter if it's from an American, Israeli, or Muslim designer -- you like it and you buy it, and there's none of this nonsense of doing this and that because of your religious belief and politics,\ Alon Livn\u00e9 said.
The Art of the Outfit at NYU Going to school in one of the most diverse, artistic and inspirational cities in the world makes quite the impact on the wardrobes of those who inhabit these streets and absorb their vitality.
New York Fashion Week Fall 2014 Beauty Street Style More amazing beauty street style snaps
Chris Pine Gets The Brooding Cologne Ads His Face Deserves More fashionable men we adore
My New York Fashion Week Diary As buyers, editors, bloggers, stylists and celebrities descend upon New York City from all over the world, it is a clear reminder of the energy and excitement that fashion creates on both the runway and the street.
Breast Lift Surgery Surprises I had been working out in the gym regularly. I lost weight and found I could tone and firm any part of my body -- except my post-pregnancy boobs. I decided to have breast lift surgery (or mastopexy) in early 2005 to restore them to their proper place on my chest. But that wasn't the only thing in my life that shifted.
Using Social Media and Online Dating for Valentine's Dating and Gifts How do I love thee in 140 characters or less?
Michelle Obama State Dinner 2014 Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. More
Cheap Beauty Secrets of the Stars Come closer to your screen! I have to tell you a little secret I've discovered after covering stars for over three decades.
Redheads, You're the Strong Trend This New York Fashion Week (PHOTOS) Never before have we seen so many redheads walk the runway in one week. It makes us think
9 Ways You Can Learn to Love Valentine's Day Here are things to do if on Valentine's day if you want to take the best of this holiday, and ignore the worst - or if you just want to be your own Valentine. After all, shouldn't we love ourselves first?
5 Foolproof Valentine's Day Outfits February 14 is typically chock-full of corny boxed chocolates and sappy cards \u2014 cue the eye-roll, right? But, this year, why
Fashion Week Live Blog We're past the halfway mark and into the home stretch at New York Fashion Week! But with some of the biggest shows still
Everything I Learned, I Learned in the Group Dressing Room at Loehmann's But before laying my precious Loehmann's to rest, I must not only memorialize it, but educate the unfortunate individuals who will never experience being stark naked in the group dressing rooms at Loehmann's -- Here's what I learned.
What You Need To Know About Refrigerating Your Cosmetics Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram. (For everything
The Row's Fall 2014 Collection Makes Us Want To Fast-Forward To September Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. PHOTO
Castoffs and Catwalks I don't believe in fashion mistakes. I've always believed true style requires experimentation and a leap of faith. As a result
New York Fashion Week Fall 2014 Beauty Street Style The street style gods have answered our prayers. After days of sleek bobs, colorful strands and the shiniest of shiny manes
10 Products to Use for Simply Glowing Skin If you're looking to make a first impression, like I do when I meet new clients, use this mask for the perfect, alluring glow.
Did Harper's Bazaar Go Too Far With Fashion Week Emojis? (PHOTOS, POLL) Sometimes fashion is quite controversial
Supermodel Stephanie Seymour Does Sexy Photo Shoot...With Her Sons (PHOTO) In particular, Seymour remembers the way the boys used to dress her up. \When they were little, they would lay out outfits
Fashion Week Live Blog Can you believe it's already day 5 of New York Fashion Week? The weekend brought us more fashion than we knew what to do
DKNY Put Real New Yorkers In Their Fashion Show DKNY's fall show opened up with a short video featuring real New Yorkers talking about why they love the city and why they
Street Style Fashion Week Fashion Week Fall 2014 has proved to be a bit more playful than some past seasons. We've seen everything from dresses, to
Lupita Nyong'o Covers New York Magazine's Spring Fashion Issue, Looks Stunning As Usual Lupita Nyong'o may be preparing herself for a potential Oscar win, but if you ask us, she has already won awards season this
Flat Shoes With Crew Socks Is The Latest Trend Out Of Fashion Week Last go round at New York Fashion Week, it was established that heels are out and flats are in. This season, that trend seems
Fashion Week Live Blog Yeah, we know it's Sunday, but more importantly, it's Day 4 of New York Fashion Week. If you're having a hard time keeping
The Art of Y On Jan. 23, I spoke with fashion designer Catherine Litke at her studio near Union Square, New York City. Ms. Litke and I attended high school together. In 2012, she founded LITKE, her self-named fashion house.
A New Treats Trend at NYFW The Seventeen Fashion team is on day number four, and as we've been running from show to show we've been lucky enough to get some goodies and snacks in between. I've noticed this season not only are designers feeding our notebooks with new creations, but some are even keeping our belly's fully too!
Mika Brzezinski Of 'Morning Joe' Goes Behind The Scenes Of New York Fashion Week With Cosmo (VIDEO) Mika Brzezinski of \Morning Joe\ visited her first Fashion Week show this week with Cosmopolitan magazine's Editor-In-Chief
Fashion Week Look Of The Day Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. All
Multitasking, As Demonstrated By Anna Wintour At Fashion Week Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. GIF
Alexander Wang's Fall Hair & Makeup Tapped Into Our Inner Tomboy (PHOTOS) More fall beauty trends
Stars Sport Stunning Side-Swept Waves On This Week's Best & Worst Beauty List (PHOTOS) Kerr looks picture-perfect with her brunette ringlets, long lashes and that glossy coral lip color. More celebrity best and
3 Cool-Girl Ways To Style Bold Pants The phrase \wearing the pants\ doesn't just mean you're the boss \u2014 not when you're donning these gorgeous jewel-tone trousers
Street Style Fashion Week Our own fashion editor Michelle Persad rocked a rabbit fur clutch, slashed with various hues. But the best of all had to
New York Fashion Week Fall 2014 Beauty Street Style Beyond the colors and cuts, we spotted some super shiny hair on Saturday. Not only were luminous locks a trend, but they
Fashion Week Live Blog It's day three of New York Fashion Week and by now, you're probably having a hard time keeping track of all the shows, parties
NYFW Day 2 Was All About The Shoes On Instagram Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Scroll
Stayin' Stylish... On A Budget I can never keep track of what is trendy now, what used to be trendy, and furthermore, what should I spend my cash on. Just when I think I have it figured out, the silly trend changes again.
The Look of Love for Valentine's Day I had a chat with Portland-based hairstylist and makeup artist David Yu during a recent photo shoot and asked him for a quick look-see at what he thinks could quite possibly be the best looks for romance. So, how to put on your best face for love and springtime perfection?
NYFW Day 3 Was Filled With Statement Accessories The best of NYFW beauty street style
Fashion Week Look Of The Day Our favorite look from the collection featured a model wearing a red cashmere cable knit sweater, hand-draped chiffon skirt
Check Out The Stars Who Left Us Perplexed On This Week's Worst Dressed List Kelly Rowland While there were certainly some style standouts over the past few days, there are also moments that were destined
$595 Team USA Cardigan Sells Out Remember when you were watching the Opening Ceremony and you laughed at how ridiculous the U.S.'s outfit looked? Read more
The Stars On This Week's Best Dressed List Have Some Serious Skills Here's a look at all our picks for best-dressed. What do you think? Ms. Iman proves yet again that less is more. Enough said
Transgender Barneys Models Discuss Race In The Fashion Industry (VIDEO) Pogensky and DeVuyst both believe that the Barneys shoot broke down racial barriers in fashion, which Pogensky also noted
'90s Comb Headbands Make A Comeback At Helmut Lang's Fall 2014 Show (PHOTOS) To get more New York Fashion Week updates, be sure to follow our live blog. Global Creative Director for Wella Professionals
New York Fashion Week Fall 2014 Beauty Street Style Look below to see some of our favorite 'dos from Day 2 at Fashion Week, all shot by HuffPost Style photographer and photo
Street Style Fashion Week Day two of New York Fashion Week wasn't any warmer, but somehow the street style got even better. People are pulling out
Fashion Week Look Of The Day Though there were many outfits from the collection that we'd love to run out and buy, the one that stood out most was the
Street Style Fashion Week Take a look at some of the creative ways editors are combatting the winter weather with everything from heavy layers to big
WATCH Style comes in all shapes and sizes
Fashion Week Live Blog It's day two of New York Fashion Week and things are in full swing! Day one proved to be an epic showcase of style both inside
Cold-Weather Shoes for Fashion week! The official kick-off of a super-chilly Fashion Week has begun. I normally brave the cold with my Seventeen Fashion team every February as we teeter in our heels up, down, and all around town to the shows, but so far this week has been different.
These Vintage Olympic Uniforms Will Make Your Day Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. So
Of Genius, Cable Cars and Duck Shoes Today? Her father's business with the San Francisco Railroad Omnibus Cable Cars allowed Stein to pursue her calling as a
Fashion Week Look Of The Day Known for turning out elegant pieces with luxurious touches, Som's Fall 2014 collection is chock full of wearable separates
Boyish Brows Will Be Big For Fall, So Take Note (PHOTOS) Jason Wu Fall 2014 Veronica Beard Fall 2014 Thank goodness I gave up eyebrow threading because, boyish brows are in. Costello
Fashion Week Live Blog It's the first day of New York Fashion Week and Mother Nature has finally decided to shine some sun on New York City. We'll
7 Beauty Tips No One Ever Tells Indian Women 1. Liquid liner isn't omnipotent. The revival of hot spectrum shades is a wonderful thing. These babies are basically made
Successful Underwear Kickstarter Campaigns 1. Garcon Model To create their highly anticipated second collection, Canadian brand Garcon Model sought fan input on their
The Fashion World Has No Idea Who Bill De Blasio Is After de Blasio commented that his grandmother once worked in the Garment District, von Furstenberg reportedly said with
Is Rihanna Vogue's March 2014 Cover Girl? Sure Looks Like It The pop star already has two Vogue covers under her belt -- one from April 2011 and another from November 2012. How do you
Stop Ruining Your Hair, For Good Hair grows. At least that's what we tell ourselves after bleaching, styling, and brushing it to death. But sometimes, hair
Princess Shape-Up at Disney Thanks to a gutsy, brave, and curvy teen, Disney has 11,000 votes (and counting) for a more realistic princess to add to their line of royalty.
5 Ways to Wear Pastels in Winter There's no reason to shy away from light-colored pieces during the winter months! In cool, winter silhouettes perfect for layering and sharp new shades, pastels are a fresh alternative for frosty temps.
Burning Out In The Fashion Industry Think these editors ever burn out? Catch the full conversation from HuffPost Live in the video below. \A lot of the sort
Fashion Editors Basically Dress Like Cher From 'Clueless' Now So it's no wonder fashion editors these days are still dressing like the film's leading lady, Cher Horowitz. Seriously -- just
Ann Yee's Fall 2014 Makeup Is All About Midnight Blue Lips (PHOTOS) To get more New York Fashion Week updates, make sure to follow our live blog. New York Fashion Week Fall 2014 Beauty
This Is What Your Nail Polish Says About You There's no glossing over it. When painting your nails a shiny new hue, you need to choose your color carefully
Who Are the Stars of Fashion Week Another Fashion Month kicks off this week and designers in New York are scrambling to get their Fall 2014 collections show-ready. They needn't bother. For bloggers, celebrities and sadly, even a few editors, Fashion Week is more of a time to be seen than see the collections.
Best Pore Minimizers We all have those days where we look at our faces extremely close in the mirror, and we see what we were dreading
Trend Alert Unless you are finding yourself in sunny Southern California, we are all impatiently awaiting the return of blissful warmth and golden sunshine. Thankfully, spring is around the corner and gold is in the air! From Oscar statues to Olympic medals, gold is trending.
Lace, Leather and All Things Love Valentine's Day is just around the corner which means it's time for pink sprinkled cupcakes, delicate doily valentines and pastel colored candy hearts.  It also means it's time for the inevitable question, \What am I going to wear?!\
13 Hairstyles To Try Before You Die As someone who switches up their hairdo two to three times a month, I'm a huge advocate for taking hair risks. And not just
Stephanie Seymour Is Est\u00e9e Lauder's New 'Modern Beauty' Gorgeous, gorgeous, gorgeous
What Really Happens At A Fashion Week Model Casting The models were then called in groups of five to line up and wait to go into the casting room. Two of the most sought after
Counterfeit Cashmere Clothes Containing Rat Fur Exposed If it looks like cashmere, and it feels like cashmere, it's probably cashmere. Then again, it could also be rat fur. Want
Valentine's Day Gift Guide This Valentine's Day, have your Valentine falling for these unique, whimsical and romantic gifts. A great gift for sharing
How Do You Balance Formal Wear With Underwear? It's event season. You've got a handful of weddings this spring, or after parties, or black tie ceremonies. Whatever the case may be -- chances are, you're going to have to wear a suit.
Miranda Kerr Named New Face Of H&M Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. The
'WeWoreWhat.com' Fashion Blogger Danielle Bernstein On Turning Down Free Clothes (VIDEO) This is why Danielle Bernstein is a top fashion blogger
What You Need To Know About Moisturizing Your Face More winter skin solutions
Lucky to Have Locks Of all of the tips and tricks, the most important one can't be taught, and that is to accept you.
Taylor Swift's March Glamour Cover Is Gorgeous (Duh) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. We
5 Ways To Wear A Beanie Hat Without Trying Too Hard 3. Beanie and loose locks For a slightly undone finish, shake up your strands (texturizing sea salt spray helps to build
Five Reasons Why You're Wearing the Wrong Size Bra Oprah tried to solve the problem a couple of times by televising mass bra fittings on her show. But not much has changed over the years. Just recently, lingerie giant Triumph conducted a survey of 10,000 women and found that over 75 percent admit to wearing the wrong size bra.
10 Valentine's Day Gifts and Gadgets to Score With The pressure's not on just yet. But, this Valentine's Day, we'd all probably do well to avoid the last minute gifts. Because, if we're being honest, those don't fool anybody.
As Facebook Turns 10, Singles Find Love On Facebook Meca was very hesitant at first, especially as Anthony was an artist. As an accessory designer, Meca didn't think she wanted to date an abstract painter. \I don't date artists,\ she proclaimed. Soon they discovered that they were indeed soul mates.
Chrissy Teigen Hates Photoshop Just As Much As We Do We can't get enough of Chrissy
57 Twitter Accounts You Need To Follow This Fashion Week Butter London Follow@butterlondon Amy Odell Follow@amyodell High-Fashion Magazines And Websites, For The Expert Take
Kumari Luxury Hair Oil Is a Nutrient-Rich Elixir for Your Hair For those of you looking for an effective way to care for your hair, in the long haul, there's a trick that's actually been around for centuries.
Why You Should Try Ombre Lips... And 3 Tricks To Making It Look Perfect To avoid feathering or bleeding, Klasfeld recommends exfoliating and then conditioning your lips, so that they are in optimal
43 Instagram Accounts That You Need To Be Following This Fashion Week @patmcgrathreal
Do Not Settle, Curvy Girls We are not pretty for a fat girl. We are just pretty. We are not smart for a fat girl. We are smart.
Kate Middleton Is Getting A Makeover (Not That She Needs One) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Sounds
Color Matters Makeup artistry can be a tricky bastard these days. Over the years, I have learned some practical guidance that is very important when applying eye shadow. This guidance is called color theory.
Natalie Braha, Sales Associate, Shares Her Perfect Eyebrow Tips The sales associate told us that she doesn't get her brows waxed. Instead, she just plucks the sparse hairs around them and
Functional Fashion at Kent State University The cute, small-town Ohio vibe that one gets from simply meandering around downtown Kent is vastly different than the sleek and busy atmosphere of, say, Manhattan.
Kim Kardashian's Vogue Cover Rumors Are A Rollercoaster of Emotions The report, which Jezebel credits to a \well-placed source,\ claimed Kim was being photographed in Los Angeles Sunday night
Rachel Zoe Cancels Fashion Show To Stay Home With New Baby It's a sad day for Rachel Zoe fans who were hoping to get a peek at her latest collection this year at New York Fashion Week
Joe Namath's Fur Coat Was The Real Winner Of The Super Bowl Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. With
Woman Eats Makeup On 'My Strange Addiction' (VIDEO) So how did we miss the episode about Brittoni, a 22-year-old woman who eats makeup? We're talking palettes and palettes of
We're Loving All The Head-To-Toe Black On Instagram In preparation for Fashion Week, we are keeping our eyes peeled for outfit inspiration via our favorite bloggers, and of
Celebrities Lighten Up With Barely-There Makeup On This Week's Best & Worst Beauty List (PHOTOS) We doubt Dockery's \Downton Abbey\ character Lady Mary Crawley would approve of this weird pompadour hairstyle and faded
Beyonce Steals Spotlight At Pre-Super Bowl Concert In Sexy Roberto Cavalli Dress (PHOTOS) On Saturday (Feb. 1), Beyonc\u00e9 made a surprise appearance during her husband Jay Z's concert at DirecTV's Super Saturday Night
Princess Charlene's Side-Swept Waves Is Her Best Short Hairstyle... So Far (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
We Can't Stop Thinking About These Accessories Of The Week Ali Larter's clutch Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram
9 Lessons We've Learned From Christie Brinkley On Aging Gracefully Christie Brinkley turns 60 today. Let that marinate in your brain for a minute... 2. She knows that the best anti-aging secret
These Cheap Celeb Finds Are Giving Us Yet Another Reason To Go Shopping This Weekend It's the weekend, which means it's time to stop working and start shopping. There is no better place to look for great style
Pharrell's Hat Has A Twitter, Because Of Course It has been likened to Smokey the Bear, called \the mountain hat\ by Vivienne Westwood, and even Photoshopped onto Barack
5 Non-Boring Ways To Braid Your Hair, Explained In GIFs The Milkmaid Braid 1. Brush hair over to the side you want your braid to sit. 2. Split hair into five equal sections. 3. With
The '90s Just For Me Hair Relaxer Commercial Song Is Stuck In Our Heads (VIDEO) Back in the '90s, the Just for Me hair relaxer was one of the most popular straightening treatments for African-American
Super Bowl Clothes Have Gotten Seriously Cute Broncos Style
Do Today Show Anchors Really Dress Themselves Every Day? Today Show hosts may not have stylists on set, but they're obviously raking in enough dough to set aside hefty wardrobe budgets
Why Kerry Washington Totally Deserves A Vogue Cover This Year In fact, Anna Wintour helped select that now-infamous Lucky cover. While the Internet backlash against the seemingly Photoshopped
5 Ways To Wear The Wet Hair Trend Without Looking Sweaty (PHOTOS) Thickening mousses like Bumble & Bumble Thickening Full Form Mousse and UNITE Session Whip will help you to create volume
Warning Asos
How To 5-Strand Braid Your Hair In 5 Easy Steps (VIDEO) Video editing by Amber Genuske. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and
Cathy Horyn, Venerable Fashion Critic, Leaves The New York Times According to multiple sources, Cathy Horyn, The New York Times long-standing and much respected chief fashion critic, is
Karen's Body Beautiful Hold It Hair Gel Keeps My Curls From Shrinking Into A Matted Mess As a happy camper, I used the gel just a bit differently the next time I did my hair. I used less product per twist, so it
Barneys Features Transgender Models In Awesome Push For Equality Still, it is certainly refreshing to see this move from Barneys, a major player in the fashion retail world. We hope other
15 Signs You're Wearing Too Much Makeup 2. You have lipstick smeared across your face. 9. You have to spend more than 15 minutes removing your makeup. 13. Your eyebrows
IMG Adds Plus-Size Models To A-List Roster Inga Eirksdottir Inga is not only a model but a curator, with three award winning photography shows under her belt. She was
Oscar Style Snagged The Oscars are the Superbowl of awards seasons. To get ready for the close ups that are tweeted round the world, A-listers kick up their styling regimens into overdrive.
Game On! What to Wear for the Big Game Super Bowl Sunday is the ultimate in sporty f\u00eates. Not sure what to wear? Embrace the sporty-chic trend or channel a menswear-inspired look.
How To Waterfall Braid Your Hair In 8 Easy Steps (VIDEO) This cascading style will leave you with a unique, angled braid -- and it's only slightly different from the typical French
Alice Park, Fashion Designer, Tells Us The Benefits Of Apple Cider Vinegar When you're a fashion designer at Madewell, it's pretty much a given that you're cool. And that proved to be the case when
13 Beauty Risks To Take Before You Die 10. Grow out your eyebrows. We're not saying grow a unibrow (actually, if you\u2019re into that, good for you). Just take a break
Our World Cup Favorites -- In Underwear! There's truly nothing like a good sporting event to bring the right combination of good friends, food and drinks together. Oh yeah -- and underwear! With the World Cup coming up, we decided to round up some of our favorite competitor-colored designs, so you can support your top teams in style.
J. Crew Appeals To The Masses By Balancing Prices (UPDATED) Perhaps they were persuaded to drop prices by customer complaints. Or maybe they caught wind of these hilarious price adjustment
Robyn Lawley's Cosmo Australia Cover Is Naturally Beautiful (PHOTOS) A new icon
Beyonce Wore Jewels Worth $10 Million For 2014 Grammys (PHOTOS) Bow down
Christie Brinkley's People Cover Reminds Us That Being Youthful Has Nothing To Do With Age Take a walk down memory lane
Zooey Deschanel Gets Honest Except, thankfully, it's been discovered that Zooey does have some negative opinions and is capable of expressing them in
8 Reasons Watches Are Still Worth Wearing Like VCRs and face-to-face communication, watches have lost their importance in modern life. We've got cell phones to tell
The Most Comfortable Thing You Can Wear To Work Women's adidas NEO Lifestyle Shoes Runeo Zetroc TD Shoes, $55 Women's adidas by Stella McCartney Training Shoes Leucippus
5 Things You're Probably Doing Wrong In The Shower 2. You're using shower gels and body washes with excessive lather. Are you washing your face correctly? Dr. Waldorf believes
Ten Free Valentine's Gifts For Women I do usually celebrate my anniversary and Valentine's Day with a dinner out on another day that week or a weekend away, although
Michelle Obama State Of The Union Dress 2014 Is A Conservative Alaia (PHOTOS) Is this one of her best? At the 2013 State of the Union address, Michelle Obama caught some flak for wearing a sparkly red
5 Ways Millennials Can Toss Technology for Valentine's Day The Millennial conundrum
How To Upside-Down Braid Your Hair In 6 Easy Steps (VIDEO) Hairstyling courtesy of Halli Bivona at the John Barrett Salon in New York City. By now, you've probably managed a typical
The Most Important Thing A Man Can Do But sometimes you don't need new clothes -- you just need better fitting clothes. Fit is the difference between a cute maxi
Linda Rodin, Model And Skincare Guru, On Aging As she should be. Rodin started her eponymous skincare line in 2008 after a long career in the fashion industry, enjoying
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any questions. This eclectic mix
12 Pretty Blouses You'll Wear All Day, Every Day We don't know about you, but we're always on the hunt for a new wardrobe workhorse. You know \u2014 the kind of piece that can
Emma Watson's Wonderland Editing Gig Makes Us Think She Should Switch Careers And it seems Emma actually had direct involvement in crafting both the covers and the content inside. Celebs in the issue
The 25 Best Beauty Products To Buy At CVS 14. Skintimate Shave Cream. I've been using this product since my amateur leg-shaving days. The rich lather makes getting
Pink's Grammy Dress 2014 Is Actually A Really Pretty Red (PHOTOS) See the rest of the red carpet fashion
Lorde's Grammys Black Fingertips Are A Terrifying Take On Nail Art (PHOTOS, POLL) Would you ever rock black fingertips like Lorde? For her first appearance at the 2014 Grammy Awards, we were hoping to see
Dressing Jennifer Lawrence Could Cost Dior $20 Million Already growing weary of seeing Jennifer Lawrence in Christian Dior? We regret to inform you there's even more where that
The One Thing About Our Bras We're All Still Getting Wrong Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Triumph
The Skincare Lies To STOP Believing Today In the self-improvement department, few things feel more indulgent than a facial. During the 30-to-60-minute procedure, your
7 Common Makeup Questions Answered In reality, I have been a professional makeup artist for the last six years. In my mind, I have been a professional makeup artist since I was four. Behold the answer to the top seven questions received from women.
Katy Perry's Grammy Dress 2014 Is Literally Inspired By Music  (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. On
Grammy Awards 2014 Hair & Makeup Was Bronze & Beautiful (PHOTOS) The Roc Nation artist continues to channel a modern-day Marilyn Monroe with her full-bodied blonde curls, bold brows and
7 Skin Tricks That Will Cost You Nothing 2. Get at least seven hours of sleep each night. Yes, there really is something to the whole \beauty sleep\ concept. According
Anne Hathaway, Rachel Zoe End Relationship As Anne Picks New Stylist Will she survive this latest breakup? We hope so -- without Zoe dressing stars on the red carpet, Hollywood would go bananas
Marissa Sebastian, Disney Retail Associate, Moisturizes With A Homemade Egg Yolk Facial Mask We're suckers for a bold red lip (and bright accessories), so of course we were drawn to Marissa Sebastian's winter beauty
Madonna As The 'Quaker Oats Guy'? Sure, Why Not? (PHOTOS) Celebrities are no longer allowed to walk the red carpet without their outfits being compared to a cartoon character, piece
Grammys 2014 Best Dressed List Doesn't Actually Have Many Dresses On It Arguably the best outfit of the night, Taylor Swift dropped jaws on the red carpet. What was so incredible about this gown
Misericordia University Fashionistas Bundle Up The frigid temperatures and snow covered sidewalks this season leave some Fashionistas/os unsure of how to alter their dress code. For this accounting major though, it was no sweat.
Grammys 2014 Worst Dressed Is Overflowing With Awful Dresses (PHOTOS) Katy Perry took the theme of the night a little too literally. The music notes on her dress are overkill -- we wish she had
Grammys Red Carpet 2014 Photos If you want sophisticated gowns with understated silhouettes and classic colors, go to the Golden Globes or the Oscars. The
Going Shopping Today? Here Are This Week's Cheap Celeb Finds With the freezing temperatures outside, all we're thinking about is bikinis and short skirts (natch). We've got summer on
Celebrities Prove Healthy Skin Is Always In On This Week's Best & Worst Beauty List (PHOTOS) The \12 Years A Slave\ star lands on our best beauty list for the umpteenth time thanks to her luminous complexion, which
Royal PDA Zara Phillips and Mike Tindall, August 2011 Pierre Casiraghi of Monaco and Beatrice Borromeo, January 2014 Prince Albert
The Cold Weather Is Really Making Us Want These Summer Wardrobes Right Now Photos from a warmer time
Miley Cyrus Does Her Best Cher Horowitz Of 'Clueless' In A Calvin Klein Dress Not all of her other outfits are as inspired
The Fashion Crowd Has The Best Accessories Of The Week Tina Lueng's Rochas clutch Sofia Guellaty's Poup\u00e9e Couture bag Elena Perminova's wedges The senior editor of Style.com Arabia
Caboodles Makeup Cases Are To Blame For Our Hoarding (VIDEO) If you were a teen girl in the late '80s and early '90s, you probably had a Caboodles. We practically filled the brightly
If Kristen Stewart Can Sleep In Her Makeup, Can You Do The Same? Do you like Kristen's style? Time and again, our derms have bemoaned our nighttime laziness, warning us that free radicals
Jennette McCurdy Is Basically Our Newfound Soulmate what it looks like to re-touch my own photo... https://t.co/gX1h4WSPjL \u2014 Jennette McCurdy (@jennettemccurdy) January 24, 2014
Cressida Bonas Shows Us How A 21st Century Princess Should Dress Art credit
Survey Says Online Daters Likely to Date One Person at a Time With Valentine's Day around the corner, love is on the minds of many singles. But just how open-minded are singles while looking for love online?
See The Stars That Wowed Us On This Week's Best Dressed List Sandra Bullock in Lanvin The 14-year-old did it again. In her signature look of a matching top and skirt, the actress stepped
See The Celebs Who Left Us Cringing On This Week's Worst Dressed List This butterfly print is very juvenile for Falco, especially when worn head-to-toe. We also wish people weren't still wearing
Jumpsuitting Around In case you're still not convinced that jumpsuits are your thing, check out a few simple styling tips from yours truly. Find a jumpsuit that works for you and ROCK IT!
A Conversation With Fashion Illustrator, Jordi Labanda Before I go to bed... I think of the funny things that happened during my day. Botox is... a frontier that a lot of women
So, You Have A Pimple? Here's How To Get Rid Of It We can think of a few four-letter words that express how we feel about getting a pimple. But instead of adding stress to
These Sales Are The Only Reason To Brave The Cold This Weekend It's freezing outside, and with no sign of warmer temperatures in sight, let us let you in on a little secret
10 Commandments Of Style To Live By We're not ones to live according to rules -- especially when it comes to our clothes. \Appropriate\ and \tradition\ don't
Why We'll Never Be Able To Let Our Beloved Magazines Go Kate Auletta, senior travel editor
Curvy Girls Are Sexy, Too (PHOTOS) This is how it's done in 2014. We are beautiful, curvy and sexy and we are not going to hide any more. If you cannot see beauty in these confident, strong women you have a problem, not the other way around.
Male Model On Photoshop But regular non-model individuals like us don't have that option, meaning we have to make peace with the bodies we've got
Model Lindsay Ellingson How not-stimulating could it be? Last year, 17-year-old model Hailey Hasbrook published a Fashion Week diary that gave us
If You Grew Up In the '90s, You Wanted To Be These Girls Hear us out
How To Wear Sneakers At Work Wearing sneakers to work is not appropriate for all office environments -- yes, we know. And, we're incredibly fortunate
South Florida Style at the University of South Florida People tend to assume that all we are capable of wearing are shorts, flip-flops and bikinis. But believe me, Florida has much more to offer than the wardrobe from Spring Breakers.
Wanda Rosario, Manager, Tells Us The Two Things You Need To Do Every Day For Better Skin Photo/Art
Proof That January Is The Best Sale Shopping Month Ever If you checked your e-mail this morning, you were probably inundated with alerts of various sales happening at basically
Best Skinny Jeans Under $200 1. J Brand 811 Skinny Stretch Jeans, $158
Style and Sports? Meet Andrea Kremer This week, I was lucky enough that work brought Andrea to DC, so we could meet, and chat about football (it's that time of year... her accurate prediction is that the Broncos will defeat my beloved Patriots), but also about fashion.
Are A-Sized Breasts 'Minor Disappointments'? Some women wear wigs to go with different outfits; I have bras of different sizes and shapes to go with my wardrobe and boob moods
10 Things Guys Can Wear To Win Over A Woman 2. Expert layering because it requires time and skill and shows us that you pay attention to the details. Behold, 10 items
Makeup for Redheads Unfortunately, the big brands do not target redheads, but there are many products on the market fit for fair, sensitive skin and complementary to red hair. The trick is finding which is best.
Jimmy Fallon Poses With Kate Upton In A Vogue Spread And It's Awesome Usually, she doesn't have such scene-stealing co-stars
Rihanna's Grammys Hair Is The Best Thing About The Grammys 2011
The 10 Best Beauty Products To Buy At Trader Joe's 5. Trader Joe's Tea Tree Tingle Shampoo, $4. One of the best grocery store shampoos, hands down! It gets my hair and scalps
Is It Cool To Wear Fur Again? (VIDEO) If they can do it... There was a time, not too long ago, when women who were brave enough to step out in fur coats ran the
Model Fall At Elie Saab Show Has Us Cringing (PHOTOS) Want to see 200 fashion editors and bloggers wince in unison? Take a model, put her in sky-high heels and a long gown and
A Disturbing Look At The Modeling Industry Watch how they look at girls and what they do to them. Read more on www.upworthy.com
Mastering The Man Bun The man bun is a grooming trend that has officially grown to critical mass. We thought the end was coming. Then The Golden
Yes, You Can Wear Orange Lipstick And Here's How To Do It NYX Matte Lipstick in Indie Flick. Orange-reds are the best, especially when they come in a matte finish. $6, NYXCosmetics.com
'Stiletto Yoga' Can Make Walking In Heels Much Less Painful (VIDEO) Most of us have taken the pain of high heels in stride (get it?), resigning ourselves to evenings unpleasantly teetering
How Long Do I Have to Keep These Damn Heels on?! So to Jennifer Lawrence and all the women who complain about how they hate wearing these dreaded \Satan shoes\ do not despair
The Year of You A new year can mean big change, and for my dear friend and client Dr. Samantha Sutton, 2014 looks to be no exception.  As she filled me in on her outlook for the year, we began to discuss the topic on everyone's mind throughout January - the dreaded \New Years Resolution.\
5 Of The Most Popular Plus Size Models TESS MUNSTER MODELING FOR DOMINO DOLLHOUSE In the plus size community, no one is more popular than plus size models so when
Aerie Model Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. At
Agenda Show 2014 The answer to the big question we all have on our minds
Anti-Aging Hair Care My hair is getting old -- but not in the 'I'm graying, dye me now' way. Until recently, I thought color was the only determining factor of aging hair
Nothing Today Can Match The Vintage Glamour Of Christian Dior In celebration of what would've been Dior's 109th birthday today (Jan. 21), we're taking a look back at the indelible mark
Kanye West Presents A.P.C. Collection, Admits 'I Have A Very Bad Education In Fashion' Editors captured the presentation in photos on Twitter, while The Cut was there to speak to West directly
Brad Pitt's New Hair Is For A Movie... But We're Hoping He'll Keep It For Good So what's the story? Pitt told E!'s Brett Malec at the Producer's Guild Awards, \It's for a part... It's not a choice!\ The
Spanx And Other Shapewear Are Literally Squeezing Your Organs Like everything in life, it's important to exercise moderation
The One Item Every Man Should Have In His Closet Rambler Leather Moto Jacket, 7 Diamonds, $435.49, Shift Leather Bomber Jacket, AllSaints, $455; Ludlow Jacket, Marc New York
Liza Fenster, Neuromuscular Massage Therapist, Shares Her Powerful Beauty Mantra Having recently gotten married, Fenster is taking a break from piling on makeup and is instead sticking to the basics. She
Why Yoga Pants Are The Only Pants Worth Wearing 11. They don't have buttons. Therefore nothing to poke you or pop off. These stars know what's up
Emma Thompson's SAG Awards 2014 Shoes Were Flats, Because She's Awesome Like That Since the 2014 National Board of Review Awards and last week's Golden Globes, Emma Thompson has become our favorite conscientious
Julia Roberts' SAG Awards 2014 Jumpsuit Is As Comfy As It Is Glamorous (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Claire Danes' SAG Awards Dress 2014 Is A Dark Change Of Pace (PHOTOS) At this year's 2014 SAG Awards, Claire again looked lovely without the need for shapewear. But her choice of dress, a dark
Renting Kate Middleton's Clothes Is Now A Reality (Sort Of) Knowing you've got the same level of taste as the Duchess of Cambridge? Priceless. Check it out at GirlMeetsDress.com. Would
Sofia Vergara's Dress SAG Awards 2014 Was Sexy Business As Usual (PHOTOS) Sure, it wasn't the most original or memorable look Sofia's ever chosen. But the woman continues to teach us a valuable fashion
Anna Gunn's Breaking Bad Clutch Is The Best Accessory Of The Night (PHOTOS) This is how we remember her... Has there ever been a more badass purse? We think not. Check out the SAG Awards nominee and
Rita Moreno's SAG Awards 2014 Leather Jacket Was The Coolest Fashion All Night (PHOTOS) Can someone please remind us when we're 82 that we can rock leather jackets, too? A look like this only seems to get better
The Best Behind-The-Scenes Style Of The SAG Awards Happened On Instagram One of the best parts of awards shows are the red carpet interviews, obviously. But even better? The behind-the-scenes antics
Amazing Warehouse Sales & Discounts That Are Happening Right This Minute Scoop
Michelle Obama's Birthday Was Basically A National Holiday Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. If
Kate & William's Engagement Photo Was 'Spontaneous Emotion,' Says Photographer When Kate Middleton and Prince William's official engagement photos hit the media in 2010, the world collectively swooned
27 Drugstore Beauty Bargains To Try Most people say that the holidays are the most wonderful time of the year, but we're going to have to disagree with them
Proof Princesses Are Just As Awkward About Clowns As We Are Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Until
Aerie's Unretouched Ads 'Challenge Supermodel Standards' For Young Women Looks like aerie is ready for its closeup -- its unretouched closeup. Check out a few of the aerie Real photos, shot by photographer
Prince Harry Scores A New Job, Says Goodbye To His Pilot Uniform According to AP, Harry's days as a pilot are over. The prince, who spent over three years training as an Apache helicopter
Meryl And Julia Wear Sunglasses On The Red Carpet, Because They're Meryl And Julia Both looked impossibly cool in a way we can never imagine to, no matter how hard we try. It just wouldn't be possible. If
Lupita Nyong'o Fakes A Widow's Peak At The Critics' Choice Awards (PHOTOS) Even though very few people may notice a widow's peak by looking at someone's face, it is a physical trait that many people
'90s Hair Trends That Should Never Come Back Chinese hair sticks Bowl cut with faded sides Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook
Robin Thicke's Long-Haired Hippie Days Are Not To Be Forgotten (PHOTOS) Thanks to Miley Cyrus' VMAs twerkfest, there is a generation of youth who will hear the infectious tempo to \Blurred Lines
Meet The Women Changing Everything You Thought You Knew About Luxury Shopping A 24-karat gold statement necklace, a sleek ceramic iPhone amplifier that's more objet d'art than tech gadget and rich, creamy
Lucky Underwear Colors for 2014 3) Red 2) Blue Wearing blue is said to bring you good health, wellness and tranquility. Jor's Juice Blue boxer ($28.90) is
Match Your Underwear To Your Mood It's true what they say, red is the color of love, romance and warmth. Perfect for a Friday night (who are we kidding -- red
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds DISCLOSURE
These Shoes Are Ugly And We Love Them Anyway Steve Madden Sandals Heelys Remember the days when you wanted these bad boys in every color? These versatile sneakers are
Finding Your Signature Fragrance Finding your signature fragrance is a journey. I'd like to think there are fragrances for every stage of our lives, and the choices are endless.
2014 Golden Globes Gifting Suites Organic Oscar gave out dog shampoo and tubs of pet wipes in bathtub shaped containers. I (Heart) Pet Head had its line of
Love, Lust, and the Pursuit of Happiness Many misinterpret love for everlasting love. It's not uncommon for someone to say \I love you\ to just get sex. Others will say, \I love you,\ only with the desire to hear it be said in return. Some feel the word love means forever, which isn't always the case.
12 Great Men's Watches For Every Single Budget Cartier Tank MC, $6,600; Rolex 1972 Vintage Mens 2-Tone Air King Watch, Ref. 5501 Stainless Steel and Gold, $2,415; Tag Heuer
Curvy Girls Love Sexy Lingerie, Too - These Brands Are Making It Possible I spent hours and hours in December browsing the new Valentine's Day and 2014 lingerie catalogs from most of our major lingerie suppliers and definitely saw some exciting trends for 2014. Some I am very enthused about, some not so much.
11 Awesome (And Natural!) Beauty Products You Can Find At Whole Foods 1. Nemat Amber Oil, $8.99 Just dab a little bit of these essential oils wherever you'd spray perfume. The scent is rich yet
7 Things You Should Never Wear On A First Date 2. Something brand new. Yes, you just got it and want to wear it, but you definitely haven't ironed out all the quirks that
Learning To Love The Hair You Have It's a bit like looking for a boyfriend. We all start out looking for a Brad Pitt or Hugh Jackman, but after a while, we realize that's just not very realistic.
Luxembourg Royal Baby On The Way For Prince F\u00e9lix and Princess Claire! Even though 2014 has just begun, it's been quite a year for royal babies already. Both Princess Madeleine of Sweden and Zara
Allison Williams' Golden Globes Dress 2014 Is A Dark Alexander McQueen Pick (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. PHOTOS
Golden Globes Hair & Makeup Was All About The Drama (PHOTOS) BEST
Golden Globes Best Dressed 2014 We're not really sure what she has starred in recently or why she was at the Golden Globes, but damn did she look good. The
Golden Globes Worst Dressed 2014 Aubrey Plaza Tina Fey See what the other stars wore
Olivia Wilde's Golden Globes Dress 2014 Is How You Do Maternity Glam (PHOTOS) Want to know what a gorgeous pregnant mermaid would look like? Just take a look at Olivia Wilde at the 2014 Golden Globes
Amy Poehler's Golden Globes Dress 2014 Blows Everyone Else's Out Of The Water (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. PHOTOS
Emma Stone Golden Globes Dress 2014 Is The Most Boring Look Of The Night Emma Stone was noticeably absent from the 2014 Golden Globe Awards red carpet. But there was no missing the actress once
Amy Adams Golden Globes Dress 2014 Channels Her 'American Hustle' No-Bra Look With a Best Actress nod for her performance in \American Hustle,\ we expected Amy Adams to serve serious fashion on the red
Cate Blanchett Golden Globes Dress 2014 Puts Her Back On The Fashion Map See the rest of the glam stars
Julia Roberts' Golden Globes Dress 2014 Is Actually A Peculiar Shirt-Dress Combo (PHOTOS) Julia Roberts never ceases to amaze with her choices on the red carpet. (Remember that vintage Valentino from the Oscars
5 Tips for Plus-Size Shopping Online Most of the really good plus size shopping is only to be had online. But online shopping can be like target practice, if you haven't practiced and done it enough it can be a real hit or miss. Even if you have perfected this craft, you can still be caught off guard.
The 13 Worst Things About Having Bangs Some of our favorite sets of bangs
Beauty Routine Martha Stewart is a face mask lover and, in this, she is woman after my own heart. I don't use a face mask every day (as Martha seems to), but several times a week and my favorite is Royal Nectar's Bee Venom Mask.
Diane Keaton's L'Oreal Ad Raises Eyebrows For Showing Star 'Ageless And Wrinkle-Free' [h/t Daily Mail] Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at
The Major Underwear Trend of 2014 Maybe some of us are getting a little too old to break out the old comic book collection, but with rising trends in men's fashion -- we don't have to suffer for long.
Jennifer Lawrence Loses Bracelet On Golden Globes Red Carpet Like A Pro (PHOTOS) See the rest of the red carpet glam
Jessica Chastain's Golden Globes Dress 2014 Proves She's Still An A-Lister (PHOTOS) See the rest of the red carpet glam
Sandra Bullock's Golden Globes Dress 2014 Was A Little Disappointing (PHOTOS) Quietly but confidently, Sandra Bullock has become the most underrated style star of the year. Keeping her hair and makeup
Julia Louis-Dreyfus' Golden Globes Dress 2014 Serves Up Two Doses Of Glam (PHOTOS) Nope, one will do, Julia. The actress, nominated for the TV series \Veep\ and the movie \Enough Said,\ hit tonight's red
These Boots Are Meant for Walking! To tame the thigh highs you can adopt various styles
Emma Watson's Golden Globes Dress 2014 Features... Pants? (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Real Girl Lena Dunham Admits She Needed Posing Lessons Is there a more down-to-earth star? Is there any celebrity more approachable and more \real\ than Lena Dunham? The \Girls
Margot Robbie's Golden Globes Dress 2014 Is Stopping Us In Our Tracks (PHOTOS) If you don't already know who Margot Robbie is, you had better learn her name. The Australian actress looked stunning at
Amy Poehler Proves She'd Make A Great Member Of One Direction At The Golden Globes When Amy Poehler stole the spotlight from Sosie Bacon (tonight's Miss Golden Globes) playing Tina Fey's illegitimate son
Jennifer Lawrence's Golden Globes Dress Inspires Unflattering (And Hilarious) Lookalikes Jennifer Lawrence always wears Christian Dior (a fact she even mocked during her Golden Globes red carpet interview with
Diane Keaton's Golden Globes 2014 Suit Was Tailored Perfection (PHOTOS) There were lots of sexy dresses at the 2014 Golden Globes. But our jaws dropped when Diane Keaton, in classic Diane Keaton
Too Saggy For The SAG Awards? The female workers are expected to wear an awards-show-type dress. You know how so many of us have those lying around.
Golden Globes Red Carpet 2014 Photos Ready to play \Fashion Police\? The Golden Globes are here, the first big awards show of the year where we can all play style
Michelle Dockery's Golden Globes Dress 2014 Makes Her Look Like A Modern Day Snow White (PHOTOS) See the rest of the glam stars
Naomi Watts' Golden Globes Dress 2014 Is One Of The Best (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Elisabeth Moss Golden Globes Dress 2014 Is Sheer Perfection (PHOTOS) Elisabeth Moss was MIA from last year's Golden Globe Awards red carpet. But we expected her to make a bold return, as her
5 Hollywood Hair Myths (and DIY Cheats to Get Red-Carpet Hair at Home) With award season once again upon us, we'll see plenty of breathtaking celebrity hair inspiration in the next few weeks, so I thought I'd debunk a few Hollywood hair myths and show you some easy ways to cheat the celebrity hair look at home.
Lob Haircuts Are Having A Moment In This Week's Best & Worst Beauty (PHOTOS) While this is the best Spears has looked in years, we can't let this cornstarch yellow hair and overly-bronzed skin slide
Fashion Editors Can't Stop Instagramming Macarons, The Prettiest Cookies Ever Yeah, we're guilty, too... DIY! Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and
Lena Dunham's Golden Globes Dress 2014 Is... Bright (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
It's OK To Hate Wearing High Heels (Just Take It From These Famous Women) \Satan's shoes.\ -- Jennifer Lawrence High heels have long been seen as a key hallmark of womanhood, a symbol of sophistication
Kiss Crashes Milan Fashion Week At John Varvatos Show (PHOTOS) Gene Simmons and the rest of Kiss made a surprise appearance at Milan Menswear Fashion Week on Saturday, popping up at the
Sarah Hyland's Golden Globes Dress 2014 Topped Off With Milkmaid Braids (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. PHOTOS
Zooey Deschanel's Golden Globes Dress 2014 Was Twee Perfection (PHOTOS) We can always count on Zooey Deschanel to bring her unique brand of kitsch to the red carpet, which makes her 2014 Golden
Zosia Mamet's Golden Globes Dress 2014 Overshadowed By Fabulous Haircut (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. At
You Don't Have To Max Out Your Credit Cards To Afford This Week's Cheap Celeb Finds With all the floral prints we saw this week on Hollywood's hottest stars, all we're thinking about is spring shopping. (We
If Anyone Can Dress For A Polar Vortex, It's A Fashion Lover People got sassy this week with #PolarVortex on Twitter. But the fashion world may have had the most fun -- after all, colder
Even 'Plus-Size' Models Are Smaller Than Their Target Demographic Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. LaRosa
Amelia Earhart Was Just As Stylish As She Was Courageous But did you know she was stylish to boot? The pioneer perfectly embodied the styles of the 1920s and 1930s, rocking one of
We're Dying For All These Gorgeous Accessories Of The Week Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Nothing
Betty White Was Quite The Glamour Girl In These Vintage Makeup Commercials Unlike beauty ads today, which focus on the end results, these retro commercials actually take us through the application
Celebrities Made Really Bad Wardrobe Choices On This Week's Worst Dressed List Ashley Roberts More stars who missed the mark
Some Golden Globes Dresses We'll Never Forget More dresses we'll never forget
How To Wear '90s Dark Lipstick Without Going Full Goth Always start by outlining your lips with a nude lip pencil to prevent bleeding or feathering. Here are three things you need
How To Prevent Mascara That Runs, Eyeliner That Smudges And Eyeshadow That Fades The more you know... Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram
Take A Fashion Lesson From The Stars Who Managed To Make This Week's Best Dressed List How is she possibly going to top this ensemble? This wrap-style dress is extremely flattering, and she picked all the right
Kate Upton In Space? Rumor Has It Sports Illustrated Is Floating The Model In Zero Gravity So what is this swimsuit model's next frontier? Space. According to Page Six's sources, Upton was \shot in a zero-gravity
Kate Moss' Sister, Lottie Moss, Signs With Modeling Agency At 16 But we bet it won't be long until Lottie's posing in ad campaigns and editorials and making herself known. She not only boasts
Target To Introduce New Premium Skincare Options The fashion collabs have thus far been huge hits. But there is a reason the masses love to shop there and that reason is
Nicole Kidman's Topless Jimmy Choo Ads Are Making Us Chilly (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Why 'Slobby' Men Make The Best Boyfriends He won't mind carrying stuff for you in his pockets. What else are cargo pants for? He won't crowd the bathroom -- you can
This Season's Hottest Hue Emerald is out, radiant orchid is in! Pantone's 2014 color of the year Radiant Orchid perfectly blends the delicate hues of purple and pink in a flattering, feminine new way.
Advice for Guys Who Wear Bras Men with over-developed breasts regularly ask me for bra advice or where and how to shop for bras. Bra fitters also deal
10 Style Trends To Try In 2014 There's never a better time than a new year to refresh your style -- whether it's overhauling your makeup routine, getting
Here Are The Sales You Can't Afford To Miss This Weekend Aldo
How to Get the Saggy Boob Look There are some deep cultural implications that we can glean from this here saggy boob or perceived saggy boob syndrome. The truth is, my boobs aren't really THAT saggy, but I think what's deceptive about their downward persuasion is that they're REAL!
Paris in 5 Days While Paris on a shoestring is an admirable goal, this story chronicles the opposite. Here's our list on where to stay, eat and play with a Queen's ransom.
Oprah And Michelle Obama's Hawaii Hangout In GIFs And salivating at all the organic produce on Oprah's farm
People's Choice Awards 2014 Red Carpet Proves That Less Skin Is More (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Alexa Chung's Eyeko Mascara & Eyeliner Set Makes '60s Eyeliner Impossible To Mess Up Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram. (For everything
Marc Jacobs Working With Miley Cyrus, How Did This Happen? Surprisingly, after doing a quick post on my Facebook page and surveying other online forums it seems I might be in the minority
Kate Upton Still Can't 'Keep Her Clothes On,' According To V Magazine The rest of Kate Upton's CV
Please Let This Victoria Beckham On 'Girls' Thing Be True Jessa's new lover Adam's Crazy Aunt Jessa never ceases to surprise us, and if any of the \Girls\ were to find themselves
Snark Sells A few weeks ago, one of the major local TV networks\u00a0asked me to contribute to post-Golden Globes red carpet commentary. I responded with some parameters. I insisted on a positive spin. I was disappointed when they declined to bring me on. But not surprised.
Ashley Rogers, Polyvore Brand Strategist, Shares Her Trick To Get Beautiful Beachy Waves Photo/Art
Sometimes It's The Hair And Makeup That Make The Golden Globes Worth Watching Red carpet beauty can be pretty predictable. Leading ladies have been sporting retro waves, smokey eyes and red lips since
13 Fashion Trends That Lasted Way Longer Than They Should Have Turban Headbands Wedge Sneakers Maxi Dresses Boyfriend Jeans Below, a list of trends that are still going strong... even
Disney Princess Lingerie Might Kill Even A Grown-Up's Innocence (PHOTOS) This must be the other Fantasyland. An online retailer in Japan is selling Disney princess lingerie. Bellemaison writes on
Linda Rodin, 65, Tapped By Olsens To Model For The Row Because She Rules The 65-year-old poses in The Row's Pre-Fall 2014 lookbook, alongside much younger models Ursula Wallis and Esther de Jong
Designing Woman Loree Rodkin \As an artist, I've always been attracted to the ornamental periods in history -- gothic furniture, ornate architecture... nouveua
What is Swiss Style? Forget typography. Let's get back to Swiss style. As in Fashion style. What comes to mind? Rachel Polla (31). Classic, comfortable
H&M Introduces Kiddie David Beckham Line, Giving Us The Gift Of Adorable Mini Beckhams PHOTOS
8 Beauty Picks You Need This Winter Winter is coming. Actually, it totally arrived this morning. How do we know? Well, there's all that snow on the ground, accompanied
Children Are Changing the World! They were born with Google, computers and have used them since they were five and never knew a world without instant knowledge of anything and everything and they are unstoppable. They don't want to be like their ME ME parents.
Ellen DeGeneres, We Love Everything You Wear How great is that tux? As further proof of her style genius, here are more of Ellen's great outfits. We can't wait to see
16 of the  'Must-have' Items in a Woman's Wardrobe You won't likely want to wear a backless, see-through sequined mini dress 10 years from now, but you will always want to wear a beautifully tailored blazer, whether you are 15 or 50.
Miley Cyrus Is The Star Of Marc Jacobs' Newest Ad (Sigh) As soon as you shake off your shock, remember this
A Mean Girls Jewelry Line? That Is SO Fetch \Most all of our favorite movies have been capitalized upon, via clothing, home goods, fashion accessories, etc \u2026 except
New Style Essentials For The New Year We're well-versed in the classics \u2014 the LBD, the skinny jean, and the trench coat, just to name a few. But, since a new crop
Remember When Taylor Swift Wore Colors Other Than Red? Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. T
What French Women Know About Getting Dressed That American Women Don't Pink Coats
This 3-Year-Old Has The Cutest Hair Tutorial On Instagram Whether her curls are styled in an updo, adorned with bows or covered up in a turban, it's obvious that Riley loves her hair
The One Question You Should Never Have to Ask While on a Date Guys (and ladies), next time you are romantically/sexually interested in someone, use eight simple and powerful words.
Jessica Simpson But Jessica is not only capable of laughing off harsh feedback; the likable star also has no problem calling out the critics
Prince William's First Day At Cambridge Isn't Quite As Cute As His First Day Of Preschool Will is always adorable
Lena Dunham And Anna Wintour (And Everyone Else In Fashion) Pal Around At 'Girls' Premiere Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. UPDATE
Melissa McCarthy's ASOS Dress Is One You'll Want To Steal (PHOTOS) Add this to your reasons for loving Melissa McCarthy
The Down Jackets That Won't Make You Look Huge The statement coat
How 'Pretty Little Liars' Became The Best-Dressed Show On TV On how Emily's sexuality affected her style
No Matter Where You Live, You Can Bundle Up In Style (Even In Egypt) Taiwan
Mindy Kaling Puts The Elle Cover 'Controversy' To Rest UPDATE
What Does It Feel Like To Go From Physically Unattractive to Physically Attractive? I (like everyone else I'm sure) am judged on sight. But it's nice to now have that perspective rare to the newly beautiful -- the world is a super shallow place, yes, but it's pointless to take their snap judgements too seriously because no one deserves to be treated differently based solely on their appearance.
Kelly Koyama, Lawyer, Shows Us How To Wear Designer Makeup As far as her amazing short hair, Koyama entrusts Jeff at Alibi 25 Salon in the Flatiron neighborhood of New York to cut
Diet and Rehab I can't wait to dive into the world of consignment here in my hometown of San Francisco. Cris and SuiGeneris, here I come
New Year, New You 1. DVF New Julian Two Silk Jersey Wrap Dress $365 2. Spiegel Shape FX Sophie Dress $29 3. Maidenform Control it! Firm Control
Post-Party Beauty Tips Here's a little preparatory guide to help you stay gorgeous and feeling as renewed as your resolutions, despite the late night and fast times.
10 Things You Need To Start Doing For Your Skin This Winter As if we at HuffPost could praise the benefits of sleep any more, Day agrees that getting a full eight hours is a dream come
10 Cleansing Conditioners That Will Actually Replace Your Shampoo Thinking of giving cleansing conditioners a try? Here are 10 of our top picks
Idris Elba Raises Awareness Of (Positive?) Side Effect Of Wearing Bow Ties Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Thanks
Malia Obama's Two Buns Are A Great Plane Hairstyle (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
The Queen Doesn't Like Prince Harry's Beard -- Go Figure Ladies may love Prince Harry's beard, but let it be known that the Queen is not amused. The British monarch has reportedly
9 Low-Key Editors Who Remind Us That Fashion Doesn't Need To Be Wild And Crazy Through the magic that is street style, fashion editors and bloggers have gained cult-like followings. We now expect magazine
Target Decides Plus-Size And Pregnant Are The Same Thing (PHOTOS) Spotted by the eagle eyes over at Jezebel, Target's Merona Women's Plus-Size Short-Sleeve V-Neck Maxi Dress in Black/Cream
8 Gross Beauty Issues (We're Going There!) We\u2019re prone to oversharing, and our lack of boundaries ventures into territories that we\u2019ve been told are gross, unpleasant
You'd Be Shocked at What These Fashion Editors Are Editing Out of Their Photos This isn't about shaming naturally thin women, it's about (1) calling out an industry that requires women to be unhealthy and then hides the harmful consequences and (2) acknowledging that even people who are a part of that industry don't necessarily have the power to change it.
Which Watch Should I Watch Out For The epitome of the fine steel watch is the Rolex. Plenty of deals abound for preowned ones as well. It is nice looking, high
Here Are All The Celebrities That Tortured Us This Week With Their Awesome Beach Accessories Here are some more of our favorite accessories
Celebrity Eyebrows Are Inspiring Us In This Week's Best & Worst Beauty (PHOTOS) With the start of a new year, most women are itching to try new makeup. While we're all for experimenting with edgier lipstick
Queen Elizabeth II Gets To Shamelessly Wear Blankets In Public, Because She's The Queen Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Yep
Looking Stylish In The Winter Is Challenging... But These Outfit Inspirations Should Help It's really, really hard to get dressed in the winter. You're too cold to move, much less put together a brilliantly stylish
'Plus-Size' Models Are More Popular Than Ever... But They're Not Actually Plus-Size Anymore Some of the top models in the biz today
21 Winter Hats, All On Sale For Less Than $50 Okay, it's freezing outside. Like hide-under-your-covers-never-leave-the-house-again freezing. But unfortunately, most of
These Cheap Celeb Finds Are Giving Us A Reason To Go Shopping This Weekend The holidays may be over, but that doesn't mean it's time to stop shopping. In fact, you can find some of the best deals
Buying Perfume Hasn't Changed Since The 1960s -- Just Ask This Avon Lady Everyone's skin chemistry isn't the same, so a fragrance may smell different from woman to woman. This is a part of what
The Tina Turner Blog On Twitter Is Pretty Much Everything There are few things we love as much as Tina Turner, so you can imagine how ecstatic we were when we came across the Tina
Cracking Winter's Dress Code Cold enough for you? (Check out this favorite from the Oldies Vault.)
Sarah Jessica Parker's New Shoe Line Looks Like It Could Belong To Carrie Bradshaw Our twisted dream just got a little more attainable (ish) with the debut of Sarah Jessica Parker's long-awaited shoe line
University of Connecticut's East Coast Style When winter rolls around it seems that everyone is supporting the lumberjack look, especially in Connecticut.
Fashion Magazine Covers Were So Much More Glamorous In The 1950s More vintage-spiration
EE Cream Is The Latest Double Letter Trend To Hit The Beauty Scene Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Piggy
Kate Moss Documentary Better Include This Priceless '90s Johnny Depp Interview (VIDEOS) Hence a story that \remains shrouded in mystery.\ We're curious to see what Paris Premi\u00e8re comes up with for its Kate doc
Is Retail Therapy Tax Deductible? I went on a bender and it felt so good even though it was so bad. After almost four years of pregnancies, nursing, carrying extra weight from fertility meds, and then delivering twins, I finally lost it. BLACK YOGA PANTS BE DAMNED! It was time to revamp my wardrobe.
This Is How You Should Be Shampooing Your Hair Shampooing your hair may seem like second nature to you after all these years, but you could be doing it all wrong. 1. Saturate
Fight Back Against Dandruff With Home Remedies Drugstore products can also be expensive to pay for over and over again, for a problem that never really goes away. Instead, there are a few home remedies that can be used to help reduce the symptoms of the condition.
Feel Good Freebies No, don't drink it! Use in on your hair for an intoxicating treatment for your tresses. Cranberries and blueberries are very
Chanel's Canvas Graffiti Backpack Doesn't Look Like It's Worth $3,400 To Us The bag in question, Chanel's canvas graffiti backpack, debuted on the fashion house's Spring 2014 runway back in September
9 Tricks To Pull Off A Midday Workout (Without Looking Disgusting) Skip eye makeup... except for mascara. Eye shadow on a damp face is a disaster. But mascara will glide onto lashes smoothly
See Which Stars Started 2014 With A Flop On This Week's Worst Dressed List Macy Gray This looks like a prom dress gone wrong. There is far too much black tulle at the bottom of the skirt and her decision
Do I Make Myself Clear? China's Young Fashionistas Mobilize And while luxury brands were once reluctant to join the conversation, Chinese social media is now a non-negotiable priority of any marketing plan worth its gilt chain.
Chirlane McCray, Chiara de Blasio Make Statement With Nanette Lepore Swearing-In Outfits For the mayor's swearing-in ceremony on New Year's Day, Mayor de Blasio's wife, Chirlane McCray, and their daughter, Chiara
Hillary Clinton's Bangs Welcome Mayor Bill DeBlasio Into Office (PHOTOS) Hillary's former cut, December 2013
SheaMoisture Hold & Shine Moisture Mist Refreshes Your Curls Without Adding Frizz I thought, \How in the heck is this coconut oil-infused water NOT going to create a frizzy mess?\ I bought it anyway and
Cosmo Has One Outfit It Really, Really Wants You To Wear (PHOTOS) Magazines are meant to inspire us, showcasing the most of-the-moment, aspirational styles we should be wearing. Need more
Prince William Selfie Is The Best Gift Of 2013 (PHOTO) Join the club, Will
The Gentleman's Vintage Show Delivers Carefully Curated Clothing Culled From Around The Country I am grateful this show exists, since men often get the fuzzy end of the lollipop where vintage is concerned.
Budding Beauty Is cannabis in skincare just smoke and mirrors. There is clinical research that cannabinoids have anti-aging -- antioxidant -- properties.
Princess Marie Of Denmark's New Year's Eve Dress Was Better Than Yours (PHOTOS) We're not always fans of the dresses from the annual event in Copenhagen, but Marie kicked off the year in style, showing
These 12 Amazing Women Deserve Vogue Covers In 2014 Vogue covers, while gorgeous, lamentably often feature the same cast of characters
President Obama Could Really Use New Sunglasses (PHOTOS) If Vice President Joe Biden has a style signature, it's his Ray-Ban aviator sunglasses. They're mature yet youthful, retro
16 Beauty Resolutions You're Making Today (Including Taking Off Your Makeup Before Bed...) You will start exfoliating your lips before wearing bright lipstick. You will never leave the house with chipped nail polish
Getting 'Dressed' When You Have A Hangover Means... Not Getting Dressed Then get on up and face the day. With coffee. Happy New Year! You could just stay in your pajamas... Sunglasses will be immensely
Beauty Trends in 2014 2013 was all about bold in beauty
All Of These Royals Were In America This Year... And You Probably Didn't Even Know It Princess Deena Al Juhani Abdulaziz We spotted this Saudi princess and boutique owner from Riyadh during New York Fashion
5 Tips for Working Wet Hair While Traveling Alas, there is a solution for wet hair and the inability to dry it in times of travel and dream vacations; a hair dryer alternative, if you will. Be intentional this traveling season and transform your rush into style.
How To Shop Michelle Obama's Closet In 2014 Stephanie Klejst contributed to the research of this article. Michelle beamed in Emerald, highlighting Pantone's color of
17 Reasons You Should Be Shopping At TJ Maxx When I visit my childhood home in South Carolina for the holidays, I always swing by TJ Maxx. From leather handbags to hair
Queen Elizabeth Honors Fashion Faves Phoebe Philo And Pat McGrath, Proving Her Great Taste Read more at WWD.com. The queen will also be honoring beloved makeup artist Pat McGrath with an MBE, or Member of the Order
Eva Herzigova's Gorgeous Hair Comes Courtesy Of Vodka Decades into her career, this Czech supermodel still glows from within, prompting us to wonder if she's got some secret beauty
How To Look Great By Tonight! Easy Celebrity Beauty Tricks For New Year's Eve (It's Not Too Late!) I'd even equate New Year's Eve to Oscar night for us mere mortals -- a chance to pull out all your beauty tricks and shine like a star! Sounds like a lot of pressure, but it doesn't have to be.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any questions. To receive the
The Red Dress This particular dress might have been purchased on one of her travels with my grandfather, or from a posh boutique in pre-war Tehran.
32 Stunning Runway Photos That Took Our Breath Away This Year It's easy to get cynical about fashion, but you need only to glance at the runways from Milan to Beijing to remind yourself
These Impressive Kid Fashion Designers Will Blow You Away Moziah Bridges, Age 11 Isabella Rose Taylor, Age 12 See more impressive kiddos
Leonardo DiCaprio Can Make Even '90s Suits Look Good In 'The Wolf Of Wall Street' Leonardo DiCaprio recently turned 39, but to us, he's still the young Jack Dawson in \Titanic.\ But what's better than Leo
There Will Soon Be Way More Nordstrom Racks Than Regular Nordstrom Stores Every few weeks, Nordstrom Rack announces a new opening
Prince Philip Named One of GQ's 'Best-Dressed Men In Britain' And They're So Right Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. So
33 Beauty Products We Were Obsessed With In 2013 6. Make Up For Ever Art of Brushes. These wonderfully-designed makeup brushes look just as lovely on top of our bedroom dressers
New Year's Eve Outfit Ideas For A Fabulous Night Out If there is ever a time to splurge on a dress, New Year's Eve is the time to do it. But with a fancy schmancy frock, you
Miley Cyrus (Basically) Admits That A Vogue Cover Was In The Works I can\u2019t say too much. But it was where I was kind of going to have to do this trade-off, and I wasn\u2019t willing to. Right now
5 Retro-themed Party Perfect New Year's Eve Outfits Here are five retro-themed party perfect outfits I put together for you with the help of my creative friends -- model, mom and associate editor for the Living Dead Lauren Jewels, PDX fashion photographer Travis Geny and the fashion fabulous folks at Macy's in downtown Portland.
Here Are The Best And Worst Magazine Cover Stars Of 2013 As we make room on our iPad minis for the January 2014 issues of our fave fashion mags, AdWeek has grabbed our attention
Naya Rivera Diamond Necklace It looks like Big Sean had a direct phone call with Santa this year, requesting her new diamond bling arrive in time for the holiday photo ops.
16 Times Chrissy Teigen And John Legend Were The Best Couple Ever There are few couples who elicit as much jealousy as Chrissy Teigen and John Legend can. The model-singer duo are pretty
Gisele Bundchen Visits Teen Battling Cancer To Share Makeup Tips (PHOTOS) Fortunately, the model seemed just as smitten. \You are warrior, an inspiration of positivity and courage,\ Gisele wrote
The Sassy Models From Beyonce's Video Are Awesome On Twitter Along with the rest of the world, we freaked out when Beyonce released her new album, complete with 17 30-second video previews
Camilla Parker-Bowles Isn't Such A Great Cook, Says Her Son The Duchess of Cornwall's kitchen savvy doesn't seem to be a match for Kate Middleton's. The new mom has been known to whip
Prince William's First Interview Ever Is Too Cute (VIDEO) Back in 1994, William addressed a group of press gathered to meet him, Prince Harry and cousins Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie
12 Moments That Restored Our Faith In Fashion In 2013 Models didn't take themselves too seriously. No one can make us laugh like Chrissy Teigen can. The stunner continues to prove
Lady Gaga Explains Friendship With Donatella Versace We generally assumed Lady Gaga bonded with her new BFF, Donatella Versace, over their shared love for wild clothes and self
These Are The Model Photos You DON'T See In Magazines Models may be admired for their grace and beauty, but they're not always picture-perfect -- and that's a good thing. Luckily
2 Ways You'd Never Think To Wear Glitter 1. Sweep translucent powder underneath your eyes to catch falling bits of glitter. 2. Apply brow gel along your lash line
This Vintage Vaseline Commercial Reminds Us Why It's The 'Wonder Jelly' Healthier alternatives to petroleum jelly
To All The Women Out There Who Hate Bikini Waxes One poll found 51 percent of women aren't grooming down there at all. A UKMedix.com survey of 1,870 women across the UK ages
How To Wear Your Entire Closet No matter what our overstuffed closet and empty bank account tell us, we still think we have nothing to wear. Maybe it's
The One Kind Of Makeup You'll Need In 2014 Are you on board with lipstick as the big beauty trend of 2014, or are you ready to move on to a less bold look? That means
Harper's Bazaar Digital Director Chats About Shop Bazaar and Fun Holiday Buys! Harper's Bazaar has made the consumer shopping experience just a little easier. With their 'Shop Bazaar' digital boutique established in 2012 they allowed the sophisticated yet tech savvy consumer to shop the pages of their print magazine online.
10 New Year's Resolutions to Help You Find Love in 2014 For single people, often high up on that list is the fact that they didn't get married or get into that significant relationship for which they had been looking. Instead of harping on things you can't change from the past, here are some New Year's resolutions that might actually help you find and fall in love in 2014.
Saggin or Suiting People are looked on as nerdy, tough guys, criminals, successful and unsuccessful based on their \packaging.\ Just like the batteries were still great despite the package being damaged, some individuals are the same way.
Here Are The Most Controversial, Most Exciting And Most Improved Style Stars Of 2013 Solange Knowles
North Face Jackets CAN Look Cute -- Here's The Proof Jovonna t shirt, $39 / The North Face clothing / Juicy Couture jeans, $130 / Puma shoes / Givenchy satchel handbag Rag Bone
Sailor Brinkley's Ralph Lauren Modeling Gig Is Pretty Perfect (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. As
This New Year Train Your Brain, Not Your Boobs How about you? Has lingerie ever inspired or motivated you in some part of your life? Will you make a New Year's resolution
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Jewelry Finds This eclectic mix of designer and non-designer vintage jewelry caught my discerning eye because of its uniqueness, contemporary
All-Natural Beauty Products That Pack A Punch You know when a beauty product works so well, it's almost suspicious? Like, nothing should be able to remove your waterproof
New Year's Eve Never Lives Up To Expectations... So You Should Just Wear Pants And Flats It's not. Ladies, as the big night approaches and you start to ponder your fashion strategy for the evening, realize that
13 Royals Who Mattered In 2013 That Weren't Kate Middleton Zara Phillips Just when you thought British royal baby hype was over, the queen's granddaughter announces her pregnancy. Zara
Anna Wintour Threw Out Her Christmas Tree Early Because 'It Was Too Messy' We've always imagined having Anna Wintour for a mom would be something like this. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost
Prince Harry Is Keeping His Beard Because William Got To Keep His (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Prince
President Obama Improves His Vacation Wardrobe, Thank Goodness (PHOTOS) Christmas 2012
A Plea to Cosmo Magazine, Please Call Robyn Lawley a \Model\ Robyn Lawley, who is a size 10, calls herself a \plus size\ model. So you did not insult her in any way. You basically said she was a \plus size\ model because everyone else does as well.
The 11 Stylish Couples Who Put Us All To Shame In 2013 How do they compare to last year's most stylish couples? Naya Rivera and Big Sean Alexis Welch and Amare Stoudemire Want
Kate Middleton Repeats Tartan Coat At Sandringham For Christmas (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Leighton Meester's Old Clearasil Commercial Is Far From Embarrassing (VIDEO) She was always stylish... Watch the commercial above, and don't even try to tell us your 14-year-old self wouldn't want to
Queen Elizabeth & Princess Margaret Were The Olsen Sisters Of Their Time (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. As
8 Ways To Get Glam Without Wearing A Dress The holidays aren't even over yet, but in this fete-packed week, we have to admit
9 Brands That Kept My Marriage Stress-free in 2013 Name brands have always been and will always be an integral part of society. They have been instilled in our long-term and
Miserable Men Shopping Might Be The Saddest Thing On Instagram It's no secret that many men hate shopping. But if you had any doubt, just swing by your closest mall and take a look
Rockettes Reveal Unlikely Surprise Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. The
Christmas, Gangnam Style! Christmas is one of the most successfully marketed holidays of the year and also the most lucrative for retailers and a great boost for the consumer economy. For Koreans, it is also the most fun.
FACE IT In all this unsubtlety, there is clearly the attempt to reach through and matter. But just because you shock, it doesn't mean it has more emotional impact. In fact, I would say it has less.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds No time to page through thousands of eBay listings? Then just sneak a peek at my weekly eBay roundup of top vintage clothing
These Stylish Guys Were The Best Thing To Happen To 2013 Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Andrew
Zoe Saldana [h/t JustJared] But we also have a healthy respect for those stars who really just don't \give two sh*ts\ about what we think
13 Wacky Ways To Not Freeze Your Butt Off This Winter As seen on Twistand Loop.Blogspot.ca It'll seem totally hilarious until a baby tries to surprise-suckle you. So you want
Holiday Party Hairstyles That You Can Totally Do Yourself At Home Holiday season is in full swing and there are lots of parties. This makes us ask the age-old question, \What shall I wear do with my hair?\
9 Outfits That Were Ruined By Bad Makeup Zosia Mamet We love a great jumpsuit, but Goodwin's heavy foundation and bright blush were too much to take in with the graphic
The Rules Of Getting Dressed When You're Home Are Simple And Finite Or, worse comes to worst
Traveling Over the Holidays? Your In-Flight Skincare Routine If you're hopping on a plane to get to your holiday destination, you'll surely want to step off that flight looking glowing and glamorous to greet friends and relatives.
Alix Jiang, Dior Retail Associate, Makes The Case For Fancy Beauty Products As far as maintaining her blunt bangs hairstyle, Jiang told us that her hair care routine is constantly changing. \Right
How To Move Toward Your Desires It's something that paralyzes us. It stops us from experiencing our truest desires. Visit me at www.elegantfemme.com for
Here Are 3 Trends To Ditch, 3 Trends To Keep... And 3 Trends You Should Run Out And Buy Now More trends to store
Only Beyonce Could Rush-Order A Custom $1,325 Necklace But you can't get one that says \Yonce.\ That, Robin told us, was a one-time deal for Beyonc\u00e9 only. They discussed a few
5 Makeup And Hair Looks To Copy In 2014 (And 5 To Definitely Skip) No one can wear lipstick like Lupita. This electric purple pops against her chocolate complexion and adds a feminine touch
Resist Temptation and Give Your Client the Holiday Gift of Undivided Attention The season is so full of emotion, not all of it good, that it becomes particularly stressful. Be ready to look down at tears, and then listen. That takes time that is so valuable right now, but don't be so rushed that you can't show compassion.
Not Sure What To Buy For The New Year? Just Check Out These Cheap Celeb Finds Just when we thought we had finished our holiday wish lists, our favorite stars have to come out of hiding wearing trendy
If Kate Middleton Had Instagram... (PHOTOS) We love great photos of Kate Middleton because... well, we love everything Kate Middleton, to be honest. But the arrival
Isla, Savannah Phillips Can Teach Prince George A Thing Or Two About Cuteness Prince George might have been Prince Charles' first grandchild, but he wasn't Queen Elizabeth II's first great-grandchild
Pajamas You Should Never, Ever Wear On Christmas Morning Christmas morning traditionally means families crowding around the tree, piles of presents being opened... and everyone in
'Scandal' Cast Takes Selfies, Makes Us Love Them Even More We thought we couldn't love \Scandal\ more... until we discovered #ScandalYearbook2013 on Twitter this week. Just a disclaimer
The Best Holiday Gifts You Can Buy At The Drugstore (Yes, Really) We've all been there
We're Going To Go Out And Buy All The Amazing Accessories Of The Week Matthew McConaughey's sunglasses Kendall Jenner's black boots Nothing glams up a workout outfit like a C\u00e9line trapeze bag
2013 All-over leather Leather daddies made it mainstream, thanks to Prada, 3.1 Phillip Lim, Mulberry and Gucci. Overalls If DKNY
The 10 Best Things Anyone Wore In 2013 Coco Rocha in Greta Constantine Rocha clearly knows how to get dressed. Her body-skimming gown with architectural cut-outs
Queen Rania Of Jordan Has An Instagram Account -- How Cool Is That? If only she would Insta all of her outfits... In her bio, the stylish queen describes herself as \A mum and a wife with a
How To Get Hands So Young Looking, They'll Get Carded You go to the gym. You wear foundation and moisturizer with sunscreen. Hell, you even avoid sunlight! And, when it comes
These Stylish Iranian Women Won't Let A Dress Code Hold Them Back Take a look at some of these stylishly forward-thinking women around Tehran
What Types Of Bodies Do Men Prefer? Armatas, Christine, Maschette, Wayne, and Sands, Rob. \Measurement of Body Image Satisfaction Using Computer Manipulation
Getting Your Hair Cut Dry (NOT Wet) Could Change Your Entire Salon Experience For women with curly hair, dry cutting lets hairstylists see how each unique curl falls, so they know how to cut each one
Kim Basinger Signs Model Agency Contract At 60, Joining Teen Daughter At IMG Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Now
Ashley Graham, Plus-Size Model, Is Poised For Breakout With New Agency Signing Ashley's new IMG contract gaurantees we'll be seeing more of her than ever -- and hopefully not just in campaigns for plus
Beyonce Launches Another Fragrance, Because She's Got Nothing But Time On Her Hands Women's Wear Daily reports that Beyonc\u00e9 Rise is Bey's third fragrance \pillar,\ the first two being Pulse and Heat. Rise
9 Gift Ideas For Your Makeup-Hoarding Friend Instead, look for the latest beauty products that come packaged in simpler sets, like a gorgeous nail polish and lipstick
This Photo Of Jessica Chastain & Grace Coddington Will Make You Want Red Hair If you needed some red hairspiration, Jessica Chastain has you covered. The actress took to Facebook to post a behind-the
16 Trends We're Ready To Say Goodbye To In 2014 Crayola-Inspired Lipstick Stiletto Nails Crop Tops Cutout Dresses Flat-Ironed Hair Super-High Platforms Skinny Pants Uggs
Tawana Jackson, Social Worker, On Why She Puts Listerine On Her Feet And it turns out we were right -- she had tons of advice to dispense. Jackson was well-versed on how to get rid of pimples
2013 in Review As the end of the year approaches, we distill the people, moments, and trends that were inescapable on Instagram, ubiquitous on the street-style circuit, and always had us coming back for more.
18 Pencil Skirts For After-Hours Fun If there's a 2013 version of the power suit, it has to be the pencil skirt. It's just snug enough to show your curves, but
Julianne Moore's Take On Aging Is The Best We've Heard Yet Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. \I'd
Vogue Violates Its Underage Model Initiative for a Third Time Vogue has once again broken its own health initiative by including 15-year-old Polish model Julie Borawska in the November
Top 10 Ways to Give the Gift of Story This Holiday So it's almost Christmas time and you're kevetching because you haven't found the right gift yet. You want to give a gift that has meaning, that isn't consumed for the sake of consumption, that didn't harm the planet in the process of its creation.
46 Percent of Women Think Holiday Shopping Trips Are Worse Than the DMV Holiday shopping statistics and projections are rolling in, and they're already naming the shopping trends in progress this year.
3 Holiday Hair Tutorials Voil\u00e0. Three gorgeous holiday hair looks that you can do yourself and wear with confidence.
Holiday Stress Sex Santa's Little Helper
Tyra Banks At the end of the day, how we see ourselves is certainly influenced by bodies we see in media and the terms that come with
Festive Fashion If your budget is as tight as your schedule and you find yourself stressing, just step back and harness your inner Cinderella.
The Best Beauty Gifts of the Season Gifts for a cheery, fragrant, and colorful season.
Memorable Makeup I'm all for experimentation and these ladies are proof positive that taking the occasional gamble with your makeup statement can pay off beautifully. New year, new you?
Beyonc\u00e9's Best Looks From Her New Album It's Beyonc\u00e9's world and we're just living in it.
GlamGlow BrightMud Eye Treatment Helps Us Fake A Full Night's Sleep Celebrities have praised GlamGlow's face mask for making their skin look amazing. All I needed was a quick fix to brighten
How To Spot A Fake Bag? Check The Leather, The Stitching... And Who Sold It To You There are certain idiosyncratic markings, noted Fluhr-Gates, that only an expert whose seen hundreds of bags would know. These
Prince Charles And Camilla's Christmas Card Reminds Us Why We Love Royals (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
A.P.C. Designer \The world is becoming more and more vulgar ... you can show on your arm that you can afford a 10, 15, 20k bag. It's obscene
The Most Popular Jacket Of 2013 Came From H&M Toni Acosta Rana Beckerman Here's where it came from
More Glee We've all witnessed it
The Yin and Yang of Holiday Style How are you surviving, as we reach the midpoint of the 2013 Holiday Party Marathon?
Pippa Middleton Engaged To Nico Jackson? Rumor Mill Heats Up Again Jackson and Middleton have been dating for a little under a year, their relationship first surfacing after pictures of Pippa
Lady Jean Campbell Is The Next Noble-Turned-Model To Watch (PHOTOS) More well-connected young models
Charlotte Casiraghi's Baby Boy Gives Monaco Palace Another Grandchild Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. It's
Jenna Talackova Scores Fashion Spread In Elle Canada (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. And
Multitasking or Multi-Exposures... Gisele's Mother and Baby Photo Recently, Brazilian supermodel Gisele B\u00fcndchen posted a photo to her Instagram account in which she is nursing her baby while a team of stylists are doing her hair, makeup and nails.
The 24 Most Breathtaking Red Carpet Moments Of 2013 Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. It's
Benefits Of Apple Cider Vinegar Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Some
Kohl's Is Most-Searched Apparel Store On Google In 2013 Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Kohl's
Princess Beatrice Joins Eugenie In Brooklyn, Rounding Out Royal Hipster Transformation But this girl is Princess Eugenie. Her Royal Highness has been living stateside for a few months now, working for Paddle8
Penelope Cruz Cover Is Basically A Repeat Of All Her Past Ones (But We're Not Complaining) Allure, January 2014
A Purse That Holds Your Shoes? We Don't Know How We Lived Without This The only thing more annoying than wearing high heels is having to carry around a second pair of shoes to wear when the heels
Instant Holiday Chic With Products From the Drugstore It's not just the product that makes the difference, it's knowing what to do with it, so since I can't get my hands on all of you to work my beauty magic, I'll try to do it justice in words...here's my latest get-glam-for-less product list along with advice on how to use them.
The One Print Literally Any Woman Can Pull Off Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Animal
9 Ways To Make Shopping Suck Less 9. Have fun with it. While shopping can be stressful and exhausting, it's also an opportunity to play dress up. Snapchat
Judd Apatow To Be Honored At Costume Designers Guild Awards (Yes, THAT Judd Apatow) In a press release today, the Costume Designers Guild cited Apatow's work with costume designers Leesa Evans (\Bridesmaids
3 Ways To Tie A Head Scarf, Explained In GIFs Top Knot Head Scarf Whether you have long, short or curly hair, the styling possibilities of head scarves are limitless. And
11 Ways to Tie a Scarf -- in One Chart How does a man tie a scarf? A simple question -- but one that has become more complex as the scarf itself has become more associated with women than men over the last 50 years. This has led to a shift in how this classic men's accessory is viewed. That's unfortunate.
10 Sweaters That Will Make You Want To Declare War On Christmas Holiday sweaters can be hideously ugly, which is why some people choose to host ugly holiday sweater parties. It's fun to
What NOT To Do When Those First Gray Hairs Pop Up However, you shouldn't be afraid of coloring your hair. Corbett recommends using Natural Instincts, a non-ammonia based hair
Scent \Concert\ Takes You On A Trip To Japan Via Your Nose Remarkably, tickets for A Trip To Japan in Sixteen Minutes, Revisited are free.\u00a0 You just need to reserve your seat.\u00a0 \At
Fake Freckles? Olivia Wilde Reveals She's Into The Makeup Trick \Something I was just talking about that I think is a cool trick I haven't seen many makeup artists do is -- Gucci Westman
13 Awesome Items You Won't Believe Are From Kmart Athletech Women's Ath L-Willow 2 Athletic Shoe, $12, Kmart.com Sofia by Sofia Vergara Women's Peplum Skirt - Ponte Knit & Faux
Judy Garland's 'Valley Of The Dolls' Wardrobe Test Shows Rare Unscripted Moments (VIDEO) Duke also described the events leading up to Garland's unceremonious dismissal from the film
We're Going Holiday Shopping After Seeing This Week's Cheap Celeb Finds Christmas is right around the corner, and while we should be thinking about saving so we can buy presents for others, all
When Your Favorite Plus-Size Store 'Rebrands' Itself I don't want to dress like every other fat girl. For the same reasons, I don't want to dress like every skinny or mid-sized girl. I don't want to dress like anybody. I want to cultivate my own style, and for that, I need options.
Beachy Waves For Winter Topped This Week's Best & Worst Beauty List (PHOTOS) See more best and worst beauty looks
What Your Winter Wardrobe Needs Is A Pop Of Color It's getting to be that time of season, when the sun isn't always shining and you look outside your window only to be disappointed
We're Beginning To Think Cate Blanchett Is Vogue's Favorite Star (PHOTOS) There are plenty of rising stars who could've jumpstarted the year with great Vogue covers, such as an \every girl\ TV fave
Princess Eugenie Takes In A Basketball Game In Head-To-Toe Black Like A True New Yorker PHOTOS
Jennifer Lawrence's Photoshop Job On Flare Cover Makes The Internet Rounds (PHOTO, GIFS) A GIF circulating the blogosphere has caused a June 2011 Flare magazine cover of the actress to resurface, bringing the gratuitous
Kate Moss' Eleven Paris Campaign Shows Us Why She Gets Paid The Big Bucks (PHOTOS) Between her Playboy cover and her Special Recognition honor at the British Fashion Awards, it's been a banner year for Kate
Fashion For The Philippines Turns Runway Show Tickets & Modeling Classes Into Hurricane Relief Also up for auction are runway tickets to Emilio Pucci's show at Milan Fashion Week, Monique Lhuillier's show at New York
We're In Love With All The Awesome Accessories Of The Week We love big bags because you can stuff your entire life in them. And Ashley's is great because it's practical and stylish
Why 'Nutcracker' Ballet Season Is Our Favorite Time Of The Year Sure, the gifts and eggnog are nice. But we love the holiday season for one reason
Elizabeth Taylor's Smokey Eye Makeup Skills Were Second To None (VIDEO) How Elizabeth Taylor became a style icon
Beyonce Wears Retro Swimwear In 'Angel' Video, Looks Amazing Of Course (PHOTOS) Editor's Note
Adriana Lima Is 'The Grandma' Of Victoria's Secret Angels, Making Her The Hottest Grandma Ever \I first walked in the show in 2000, but I was working with the brand even before that actually. My first show, Stephanie
Prince George Doll Is Almost Too Lifelike... (PHOTOS) However, if porcelain dolls are really your thing, you can get your own delicate Georgie for just $149.99. Will you buy one
See Which Stars Tripped Up On This Week's Worst Dressed List She looks like a 13-year-old going to a bar mitzvah. The color is way too much head-to-toe, especially on someone out of
The 3 Worst Food Mistakes You Can Make For Your Skin \Nobody heads for a bag of carrots when they've had a bad day,\ Ward says. \They're going for the pint of premium ice cream
Jennifer Lawrence Picks Out Clothes The Way We Do Lawrence certainly has no need to cover up her stomach or any other part of her body, for that matter. But if there's one
David Koma Joins The Big Leagues As Thierry Mugler Artistic Director Check out David Koma's runway work
You Didn't Do 2013 Right If You Didn't See These Instagrams Blue Ivy beating us all at life
Dakota Fanning Models In AGL Lookbook, Makes Us Want Sparkly Shoes (PHOTO) Dakota Fanning may as well just add \model\ to her CV at this point. So congrats, Dakota. You've officially made quite the
The Perfect Gift For That Friend Who's Always Looking In The Mirror From subtly stylish to glitzy and glamorous, who wouldn't want to look at themselves in one of these nine compact mirrors
Do What Works For You In the spirit of \doing what works for me\ I decided to record my very first video blog post (a.k.a. \vlog\) and instead
Fragrant Gifts for the Holidays When it comes to gift giving, some of us have a particular philosophy
How to Chose Quality Over Quantity What things in your life do you have, just because? What things are really lasting? I know in my life, it has to be more
Chic in Chicago A twenty-something city girl enjoys the hustle of winter in the city and never leaves her home without looking like a Fashionista. She embraces the opportunity to try different, unique outfits that celebrate the urban lifestyle.
Amy Poehler's Ability To Pull Off Cat Ears Is Pretty Much Why We Love Her (PHOTO) In fact, we'd say Amy wore it best. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest
Robyn Lawley Scores First Beauty Gig, Because Why Shouldn't Plus-Size Women Model Makeup? The holiday campaign, Face Time, showcases four dramatically different makeup looks created by four different brands
Beauty Ads Are Still Making The Same Promises They Did 50 Years Ago Much has changed in the world of beauty in the past few decades. The quality of makeup and skincare products has gotten higher
Looking for Humane Angora? It Exists! There are animal-loving designers who have committed to making truly cruelty-free fashions from harvested fur (the animal is not killed, but shorn or brushed to remove usable fiber); they make wonderful and terrifically long-lasting pieces.
Lindsay Ellingson Engaged To Longtime Boyfriend Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Think
Sofia Richie, Nicole Richie's 15-Year-Old Sister, Is Officially A Model (PHOTOS) Some of you may have seen Sofia's debut in Teen Vogue last year, or perhaps you're more familiar with her famous friends
The Gift That Works For Anyone on Your List 10 beauty gifts that are so good, they're on fire.
Cressida Bonas Wears Awesome Boots We'd Like To Borrow (PHOTOS) Cressie nailed it once again today while out shopping for what we assume were Christmas gifts (for Harry??). The 24-year
Weekly Roundup of Vintage Jewelry Finds DISCLOSURE
Alessandra Ambrosio A wise supermodel once said, \Models are some of the most insecure people I've ever met.\ And how. Want more? Be sure to
A Magical Miracle Just Happened to Me and I Have to Share It A magical miracle just happened to me when a turquoise blue ostrich feather fell from heaven and landed on my upstate New York mountaintop cabin doorstep.
Shanghai Chic I thought I was traveling to China to explore the mysteries of China's storied past
The Real Reason to Have Perfect Hair I was always amazed, when writing for NBC's Style Goes Strong, at how well the hair articles did. It was tough, given the constant pressure of accruing pageviews, not to cater to the seemingly insatiable quest for tress perfection.
What Every New Mom Needs To Know About Makeup \Once you put squalene on, you don't have dry skin anymore,\ she said. And she was right. My skin felt super light. While
'Pretty Little Liars' Clothing Line Hitting A\u00e9ropostale This January The Pretty Little Liars' outfits are amazing! They should seriously release a PLL clothing line, so we would all be able
Chanel's Native American Headdress On Runway Raises Eyebrows (PHOTOS, UPDATED) UPDATE
Debenhams Unveils Revamped Store With Diverse Lingerie Models (PHOTOS) Today, the department store unveiled its revamped flagship location on Oxford Street in London with a gaggle of fresh-faced
10 Ways To Bundle Up In Style When It's Freezing Cold Outside Here is what some of our favorite street style stars had to say
Kristen Stewart Lands Chanel Modeling Gig For Texas-Themed Collection \I'm a huge fan of the fashion world now that I've been allowed to be a part of it, even if oftentimes I don't even know
6 Great Moments That Made The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show Worth Watching Seeing the models actually nervous before they walked the runway. If you still missed the show, you can watch the entire
Kate Middleton's Zara Necklace Was Actually Worn By Princess Beatrice First (PHOTOS) More cheap celebrity fashion finds
Taylor Swift Discovers Best Use For A Smart Phone She does a good job
Lauren Hutton's Thigh-High Boots Prove She's Still The Coolest (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
'American Hustle' Costume Designer On The Flashy Clothes, Man Jewelry And Lack Of Bras On making Bradley Cooper look sophisticated
Look 5 Years Younger Without Lasers We're firm believers that the best things in life get better with age
Closet to Cash for a Cause Thanks to a few brave and benevolent retailers that have kick-started the new trend of clothing recycling, you can now redeem your tired and tattered threads for money and perks, and even save Mother Nature while you're at it.
Combining Tradition and Trend in Fashion at the University of Pennsylvania The University of Pennsylvania is renowned (among many other things) for its excellence in research and academics, its passionate student body and its integration of academic life with social and extra-curricular activities. Often underappreciated, however, is the typical Penn student's wardrobe.
Trendy Wendy Since when has it become too much to ask an adult to properly tie a shoe or fasten a boot with real hardware -- buckles, hooks, eyelets and laces?
How To Wear Pantone's Radiant Orchid And Not Look Like Barney 7. NARS Marie-Galante Duo Eyeshadow. This iridescent orchid and regal blue eyeshadow set screams Saturday night out with
Is Makeup Remover Actually Damaging Your Skin? For example, if you have very sensitive skin or chronically dry eyes, you may notice that you react differently to certain
Gifts For Guys That Will Hopefully Make Him Take The Hint 6. A leather wallet because Velcro isn't okay. (Mulberry Cross-Grain Leather Card Holder, $150). So, to help get him on his
19 Reasons Why Shopping Is Actually The Worst Yeah, we prefer to do our shopping here
Gisele Bundchen's Multitasking Photo Proves She Really Is A 'Super Model' Mom The former Victoria's Secret Angel has been sharing some adorable photos of her 1-year-old little girl lately. Last week
5 Things Men Should Know About Buying Lingerie, According To Victoria's Secret Models Watch the video above and check out more at GQ.com. Thankfully for the confused guys out there, GQ nabbed a few Victoria's
11 Signs You're Not Broke Anymore 1. You can buy name brand tights (aka tights that aren't from the drug store). When you're young, you always dream about
Affordable Extravagances Finding the perfect gift for everyone really is one of the most satisfying things ever. If you are stuck buying yet another tie for your father, here are some out of the box ideas that will bring a smile to even the \hardest-to-shop-for-person-ever.\
This Is What Fashion Editors Think Texas Is Like ... cow hide
Your Perfect Holiday Outfit Is Already In Your Closet... Just Add These Affordable Accessories Watch the video above to see how an H&M ring or a Bongo clutch can make anything in your wardrobe holiday-ready. Want more
Designer Clothing Rentals For Kids? Yep, It's A Thing (c)2013 The Baltimore Sun She figured out that it was better to offer free shipping both ways than charge customers a bit
H&M Pulls Kids Clothes After Ripoff Accusation That's the argument made by Tori LaConsay, another artist who saw her original work pop up at H&M. Back in January 2012, LaConsay
14 Reasons Black Is The Only Color Worth Wearing It helps you blend in (if you want to, that is). It camouflages any stains. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style
Scrunchies Are Actually Making A Comeback, Says Rag & Bone (PHOTOS) The days of scrunchie hating are officially over, folks
Why Your Purse Is Giving You Back Pain... And 11 Ways To Fix It \u2666 Don't text while carrying your purse. Remember \military neck\? \It's not always caused by just a handbag,\ Dr. Erickson
Michelle Obama Wows In Green Gown At Kennedy Center Honors (PHOTOS) As President Obama once noted, \You can be stylish and powerful too -- that's Michelle\u2019s advice.\ Amen to that. Want more
Miley Cyrus' New Hair Inspired By Anna Wintour? (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. But
Emmy Rossum On her best travel packing tip... Probably the New York Times crossword puzzle. I don't use an iPhone, I use a Samsung Galaxy
Lauren Mikler, HuffPost Live Producer, Fakes Flawless Skin By Layering On Two Foundations Whether working behind the scenes or in front of the camera, HuffPost Live producer Lauren Mikler's makeup always looks so
Deciphering Cryptic Holiday Dress Codes Holiday dressing is all about stepping up one's style; adding a dash of flash, a higher heel, some sequins and a bold, red lip. But, the plethora of party dress codes has confused legions of ladies. Can one wear fishnets to an office celebration?
26 Office Holiday Party Style Ideas (That You Won't Regret) As the most wonderful time of the year, the month of December brings about some pretty wonderful things
Britney Spears Admits Lip Injections, Or As She Calls It, 'Fun Stuff' Getting candid in the January 2014 issue of InStyle, Brit said
You'll Want To Start Holiday Shopping After Seeing This Week's Cheap Celeb Finds Black Friday and Cyber Monday may be behind us, but that doesn't mean there aren't still great deals to be had. This past
It's All About Red Lipstick On This Week's Best & Worst Beauty List (PHOTOS) BEST
Kate Middleton Fist Bumps Child In Adorably Unscripted Moment (VIDEO) But an unedited, unexpected moment caught on camera on Friday gave us all a look at the Duchess of Cambridge's real personality
If You Thought Lady Gaga's Style Couldn't Surprise You Any More... Just Peek At Her Instagram And those funky goggles... er, glasses? We're not even sure. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook
Sarah Wiley, 66-Year-Old-Model More classic stunners
This 1930s Beauty Routine Puts Ours To Shame (VIDEO) While a housemaid attempts to hurry along the star, Bennett goes on to take a warm bath and freshen up her red lipstick. The
The Perfect Gifts for a Sporty Fashionista Up the game with bold hues and racing stripes.
We Caught The Obamas Mid-Christmas Carol... And It Was Too Cute The holidays are right around the corner. With them comes donning winter clothes, singing Christmas carols and watching the
Gemma Ward Gives Birth To A Baby Girl! Ward's brother Oscar reportedly broke the good news on his Facebook page, where he announced \I am officially an uncle\ before
Milla Jovovich Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. While
Adriana Lima's Workout Routine Looks Pretty Scary To Us (VIDEO) Of course, the mother of two doesn't always have time for a proper 30-minute session with trainer Michael Olajide Jr., so
12 Chanel Products That Would've Made Coco Chanel Cringe Perhaps these garments are a better use of the classic logo
How to Think Like, and Shop for, Teens To avoid getting it all wrong, follow these tips on how to tap into the teen psyche and get a gift that won't embarrass them or you!
Incorporate Camo Into Your Underwear A lot of times when you think of camo, what comes to mind? If the show duck dynasty is on your list of ideas, you are definitely not alone.
Online Dating Anxiety Disorder -- Is It Worse During the Holidays? Stalking an ex online or on Facebook isn't fine.
Decoding Dress Codes Razzle dazzle, creative cocktail, festive flair, after-five, after six or after-eight -- you can call it whatever you like, but all dress codes really fall into just a few simple categories.
The Importance of How Its Made The notion that the definition of quality should encompass not only how a product looks, feels, and functions, but also how it was made, is spreading. This viewpoint is certainly not the norm in America, but it is something that continues to gain traction among the educated and thoughtful consumer.
5 Totally Bonkers Beauty Tricks We'll admit to having tried some freaky things in our day -- who could forget the curling contraption of doom or the infamous
Christy Turlington They can't be stopped... PHOTOS
Fergie Proves Being A Mom Doesn't Mean Giving Up Your Edgy Beauty Look When most women become mothers, they usually give up a lot to focus on their little loved ones. Whether it's fewer salon
11 Things Going Through A Hairstylist's Mind The relationship between a hairstylist and client is a truly special one. You place a lot of trust in the hands of the people
Tyra Banks' 'Kiss My Fat Ass' Speech Named To Greatest Talk Show Moments (VIDEO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. The
Nigel Barker Launching His Own Perfume, Because Sure (PHOTOS) Will you buy it? Read more at WWD.com. But a celebrity fragrance from a photographer is still a bit... random. Tyra Banks
13 Sadistic Women's Beauty Treatments Straight Out Of A Horror Movie 11. The Siberian Snail Facial All that pesky body hair bumming you out? Make like your favorite Renaissance beauty mavens
The Baubles of the Elite Like all good history lessons, there's a lot of insight on these pages that feels very relevant today.    It paints a pretty fascinating portrait of those few in riches while so many more were in rags.
10 Things You Need to Stop Wearing Immediately I apologize if this list offends anyone, but it's for everyone's own good. I'm just trying to look out for my fellow fashionistas.
13 Things Every Man Should Buy Now That Will Make His Life Better In 20 Years Top Zip Computer Bag, Barneys New York, $479; Double Strap Leather Satchel, ASOS, $99.82. Here, the 13 items men should buy
11 Things You Never Knew You Could Find At Costco (PHOTOS) Serge Normant Healthy Hair Collection Shampoo and Conditioner $29.99, Costco.com I'm talking Prada leather handbags, blinged
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Jewelry Finds To receive the eBay Roundup of Vintage Jewelry Finds via email, along with exclusive BONUS Roundups, sign up for Zuburbia's
Bra Politics We've been socially conditioned to expect breasts to be lifted, supported, high, and facing forward. It's also true that style experts and laypeople alike feel free to criticize women whose breasts don't behave in these ways, regardless of figure, size, personal preferences, or circumstances.
You're a 21st Century Shopper, Stop Overpaying Online When did we start becoming such passive shoppers? When did the price, product or deal presented to us online become not only accepted as correct but something we seriously considered buying?
Rachel Bilson Shops At TJ Maxx In A Denim Jumpsuit, Making Us Love Her Even More But new photos have surfaced that make our adoration for the former \O.C.\ star (she's always be Summer to us) grow even
Princess Charlene Inaugurates A Starbucks In Monaco (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Neova DNA Total Repair Lotion Will Make Your Old Knees Look Young Again The roughness that was my knees has just about completely cleared up, reminding me of those days before they were badly bruised
New York Fashion Week To Announce Changes Aimed At Minimizing Chaos Since the early 1990s, New York Fashion Week has exploded, transforming from a small, industry insider event to an expensive
Cressida Bonas' Books Hint She's Launching A Princess-Friendly Career (PHOTOS) Get to know Cressy
Lisa Schulner, Madewell Styling Director, Tells Us Why She Goes A Week Without Washing Her Hair Photo/Art
Suki Waterhouse Proves She's One Model To Watch In New LOVE Video Waterhouse, 21 years old to Cooper's 38, has herself a merry little Christmas in a black bra, panties and a swingy, fur-tipped
Cynthia Nixon Conquers Rosacea With a Simple Regimen You would never guess that Cynthia Nixon, star of Sex and the City, is a rosacea sufferer. Let alone that the symptoms were aggressive enough to make her self-conscious and stressed and eventually to become a spokesperson for the National Rosacea Society.
15 Catalogs That Make Us Nostalgic For Mail-Order Fashion The Strawbridge's catalog brought home shoppers into the world of fine goods that the department store was known for. Spiegel
10 Shopping Problems Only Tall Girls Have 3. You exclusively buy elbow-length gloves, as normal gloves are too small to cover your hands. 4. You are constantly asking
Turning Fine Hair Fab Throughout history and present day, hair is a woman's crowning glory, a symbol of beauty and a stranger's first impression. When it begins to thin, it is usually devastating to one's self-esteem.
'Might Crash Your Internet, And We Ain't Even Into That' -- Mipsterz The hijab is not something easy to define or represent. For some women it's a decree, to others a struggle, and to some a joy. Veiled women represent nations, ideologies, identities, struggles, and experience.
Miley Cyrus Is The Worst-Dressed Of The Year... And The Best-Dressed, According To TIME The Miley we've come to know
Prince Harry's Elizabeth Arden Face Cream Is A Necessity During His South Pole Trek Just ask Prince Harry, who's currently trekking in arctic conditions for the Walking With The Wounded Allied Challenge to
Rosewater's Benefits Seem To Be Limitless (VIDEO) Yes, really. Watch the video above to find out all of the crafty uses for rosewater. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost
10 Awesome Brands That Are Actually Sold At J. Crew Sperry Top-Sider\u00ae For J.Crew Authentic Original 2-Eye Boat Shoes In Stripe, $79; Sperry Top-Sider\u00ae For J.Crew Shearling-Lined
10 Genius Style Tricks To Revamp A Denim Shirt If it's possible to love a piece of clothing too much, our obsession with the classic chambray shirt puts us right over the
Admit It Think you were more awkward than us? Send us your photo to style@huffingtonpost.com. We're talking about awkward phases. Those
Amanda Seyfried Has The Hair Of A Mythological Greek Goddess It can attain that impossible state between wavy and straight that we only dream of. And it cascades perfectly around her
Princess Diana's Favorite Dress You've Never Seen Goes Up For Auction (PHOTOS, UPDATED) \This dress was a real favorite of hers,\ Kerry Taylor told CNN. \It's the kind of dress that a little girl sitting down
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds Which item is your favorite? Leave me a comment below to let me know. (Click on Pic for More Info and Auction Links) No time
17 Coats, All On Sale For Less Than $100 Black Friday and Cyber Monday may be over, but that doesn't mean the deals have stopped. In fact, the best sales are just
Your Pillowcase Might Be Causing Your Breakouts Waking up the next morning with inexplicable breakouts is forcing us to give our satin pillowcases the side-eye. If we're
Claire Danes Looks Nice In Her Glamour Shoot, But Her Co-Star Is Positively Adorable (PHOTOS) Luckily, Danes had an editor to help her with this one. And also a dog, which just makes every fashion shoot better. Come
'Plus-Size' Model Leah Kelley Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. While
Pixie Geldof Makes A Topshop Dress Look Like A Million Bucks (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Lady Gaga's Disney Pants Are Awesome... And A Little Creepy (PHOTOS) Behold Gaga's Disney pants. Thoughts? Questions? Concerns? We love us some Disney princesses, and we're big fans of pants
How I Learned to Love My Fat, Naked Body Our bodies tell a story, and everyone's journey is different, everybody is different, unique, and exquisite. The only problem is that not everyone one respects that or comprehends that we don't have to all look like a cookie cutter or perfect picture of \health.\
The Case For Tailored Boxer Shorts In the realm of sexy men's underwear, the boxer short gets a bad rap. The boxer is the underwear version of sweat pants, both usually worn on days you don't feel like caring about fashion.
15 Signs You Are Hopelessly Addicted To Online Shopping And yes, please \always display images.\ 15. You end up finally buying that item in that open tab because you do, in fact
The Benefits of Waking Up Early I've been doing something lately that has totally shifted my life. It's simple, but it changes everything.
Holly Ledbetter, Tisch Dance Major, Shares Her Time-Saving Styling Trick For Curly Hair You're probably thinking that's easier said than done, especially coming from someone who lives mostly with her hair in a
How You Can Make A Face Mask Out Of Juice & Sugar -- Yes, Really (VIDEO) Sound strange? It shouldn't. Alpha hydroxy acid (AHA) masks have been known to smooth and brighten skin thanks to the natural
Are You a Tomboy? Here's How to Tell 3. You find a new hairstyle on Pinterest and after 15 minutes and many failed attempts, you just end up just pulling it back
8 Days of Thanksgivvukah in Picture Quotes This is Day 4 in my 8 Days of Thankgivvukah -- what I am grateful and ungrateful for in picture quotes. Day 4
Gretta Monahan's Smart, Successful Style Gretta Monahan is hard at work promoting her new book. For years, she says, \I helped celebrities discover their own style,\ but she is keenly aware that all women \have the same issues.\
10 Ways To Get Wine-Stained Lips Without Getting Wasted Don't call us lushes, but there's a sultriness we love about wine-stained lips. The sexy tinge of color left behind after
The Most '90s Things Britney Spears Ever Wore Crimped hair See Brit's full evolution
Cyber Monday Means Let Your Fingers Do the Walking, Not Your Feet No matter what type of foot problem you may have, when you place arch supports in your sandals, high heels or running shoes your foot will automatically become more supported, comfortable and improve the wear pattern of your shoes.
Prince George Named To 'Most Fascinating People Of The Year' List For 2013 7. Will and Kate becoming parents had made them seem even more approachable and \regular\ than before. Remember Prince William
10 Questions About Facelifts Facelifts remain popular for good reason. The results can be powerful and last far longer than those achieved with minimally invasive procedures. If you are contemplating a facelift procedure, here are answers to some of the questions I hear most often.
Don't Think Outside the Box; Think Outside the Universe The fashion business is highly competitive; so how do women's clothing designers Kirk Pickersgill and Stephen Wong of the fashion label Greta Constantine ensure success?
The Gamecocks Are 'Cocky' About Style When you take a closer look, you'll realize that our school is not only home to wearers of Nike shorts. There are students with impeccable style.
Esprit Tries On Zara For Fashion Makeover It's a strategy that the company has fine-tuned over the years in partnership with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's
Marion Cotillard Wears Our Favorite Red Carpet Style But it was the pockets, perfect for posing but also handy for storing things, that won our hearts. What's better than a fancy
What Makes Woody Allen Movies So Great Bowler hats and neckties have never looked so cool
Kyra Kennedy, Daughter Of Robert F. Kennedy Jr., Debuts At Debutantes Ball (PHOTOS) Kyra's Dior fitting
Uggs Are Top-Searched Fashion Item On Black Friday 2013 Note that North Face also made its way into the top 10 -- if your feet are going to be cozy, might as well ensure the rest
Instagram Makes Regular Shoes Look Ten Times More Awesome So let's face it
We're Pulling Out Our Credit Cards After Seeing This Week's Cheap Celeb Finds Thanksgiving is over, which means it's officially the holiday season and our bank accounts will most certainly take a hit
The Key To Dressing Comfortably A Leather Jacket Whether it's real or \vegan,\ leather always looks nice. Leather looks like you tried. You can take the
NBA Players' Secrets See who's slam-dunking into the fashion world
Michelle Obama Wears Prabal Gurung Dress For Barbara Walters Interview, Of Course Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Michelle's
Michael Jackson's 'Thriller' Girlfriend Starred In Awesome Eighties Jheri Curl Commercial Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram. (For everything
Even The Fashion World Gets Stuffed On Thanksgiving When it comes to the holidays, we're surrounded by our friends, family and loved ones... and an insane amount of festive
Cyber Monday 2013 Sales On Clothing And Beauty Products Are Fairly Epic Nasty Gal
8 Days of Thanksgivvukah in Picture Quotes Day 2 of posting one thing I am grateful or ungrateful for during the 8 days of Thanksgivvukah-in picture quote format. Day
How To Make A Face Mask Using Yogurt, Honey & Grapes (VIDEO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Watch
Gisele Bundchen's PJs Puts Our Dowdy PJs To Shame (PHOTOS) We're certainly aware that we're not supermodels. This was made even more apparent by Gisele Bundchen when she posed for
The 15 Grossest Beauty Habits People Do In Public #9
Brooklyn Decker's Makeup-Free Photo Reminds Us It's OK To Go Casual If you needed any more reassurance that's it's OK to spend this holiday weekend in an oversized sweater, leggings and UGG
Victoria Beckham Guest-Edits Vogue Paris, Wisely Puts Her Husband On The Cover (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Having
Sasha Obama's Shoe Game Is So Great, We Don't Know How It Took Us This Long To Notice And that's just the tip of her shoe wardrobe iceberg. When it comes to footwear, Sasha is the flashiest of the Obama family
20 Gorgeous Work Bags For Every Office & Budget A notebook, a random assortment of pens, gum, Advil, spare contact lenses, bobby pins, iPad, MetroCard, coin pouch \u2014 and
Burberry In Danger Of Losing Rights To Signature Plaid Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Fashion
Seniors Discuss The Best & Worst Dressed Celebrities Of The Month Watch the video above to see these opinionated seniors comment on this month's best and worst dressed stars. So, who better
Kate Middleton Glams Up For A Night Without Prince William The Duchess looked as glamorous as ever in a knee-length black dress by Temperley London and a pair of Jimmy Choo suede pumps
Thanksgiving Outfits That Will Ensure You Can Have Pie And Cake Here at HuffPost Style, we take Thanksgiving dinner very seriously. We want to maximize our food intake, and the best way
The Only Thing Better Than Black Friday? Skipping Black Friday Black Friday sales drastically increase the chances of you getting separated from friends and family. Oh, and those changing
Mobile Love As love continues to blend together with technology in everyday life, a variety of flavors of dating apps are helping to speed up the process for online daters.
After Black Friday... Sales Are Still Really, Really Good Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Bloomingdales
Must-Try Bohemian Trends Whether it was the suede dresses at Calvin Klein, the peasant blouses at Altuzarra, or the patchwork denim at Alexander McQueen, so many pieces had that desert bohemian spirit I adore.
18 Pairs Of Elastic Waist Pants, All For Under $100 Thanksgiving is almost here and winter is most definitely already here, which are two perfect excuses to curl up in your
Sasha And Malia Obama Ace Holiday Dressing At Turkey Pardoning (PHOTOS) Just like the annual pardoning of the turkey, it's become tradition for Sasha and Malia Obama to take their place next to
3 Ways To Wash Your Face Without Actually Touching It We've spotted facial sponges floating around in water bowls at recent beauty events. And after getting our hands on them
Banish Dry Cuticles With These Hydrating Creams, Salves & Oils 4. Burt's Bees Lemon Butter Cuticle Cream. We can always run into our local drugstore and pick up this cuticle cream. Not
Chrissy Teigen & John Legend Win At Life With Best Birthday Costumes Ever (PHOTO) More reasons to love Chrissy
SPEAK UP WITH JIMMY Whenever Miss Universe 1997 Brook Lee shows up, there are always laughs and life lessons.  Watch as Brook talks with me about beauty and aging -- and how to age beautifully.
Louis Vuitton's Red Square Trunk To Be Removed After Uproar (PHOTOS) \This is a sacred place for the Russian state,\ Sergei Obukhov, a member of the Communist Party Central Committee, told the
VIDEO Pucker up--we're about to take you into the secret world of makeup. Read more on www.weather.com
Gift Ideas for a Man on the Go I don't think he needs another bottle of whisky, so what's a girl to do? Well, here are a few gifts for the traveling adventurer type.
Here's How Your Thanksgiving Dinner Could Actually Give You Great Skin Usually we feel guilty about getting second (and third) helpings of stuffing or pumpkin pie, but it turns out that our favorite
Monday Muse I identify with a journey that started out problematic, and not without demons, and can appreciate how far she has come all the more.
The Infallible Makeup Removers You Should Own Our editors rock bright lips and bold eyes by day -- here's how they take it all off at night.
Shea Butter Is The Beauty Product You Can Use For Just About Anything 5. Curly hair definer. \I think for your hair, you don't have to go to the store and buy all the expensive products. You
21 Pajamas You Wouldn't Mind Your Boyfriend Catching You In If you're anything like us, your pajamas have seen better days. Maybe your favorite pair has a hole in the crotch, or perhaps
Forever 21 Black Friday 2013 Sales Are Even More Affordable Than Usual Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Quilted
Maintaining Your Coif When Humidity Lurks Hair is a wonderful accent of who we are. Today, we have plenty of alternatives to manage the fiascos of high humidity. Treat it as that, and humidity will never rule. Bring it.
What To Wear To Survive Black Friday If you're going to go out and try and score a deal, you should be well prepared. Make a list of what you need (not just what
Kathleen Hanna Really Doesn't Want '90s Leggings To Come Back That includes the fashions. There were the grunge moments in plaid, the graphic tees, the colorful hair and some intense
Sephora Black Friday 2013 Sales Are The Cheapest Way To Get Gorgeous Can't wait for the sales? Start shopping now
John F. Kennedy Jr. Was So Dreamy, He Made Questionable Trends Look Cool Backpacks Unconventional Hats Like father, like son
American Music Awards Red Carpet 2013 Is... Interesting (PHOTOS) Ke$ha's dress was a toned-down black, but the thigh-high cutaway plus her pastel hair kept things, um, interesting. Rihanna
\It's All Feelings, Baby!\ - How Is This Reflected In Design? The iPod's interface was hailed as intuitive and easy to use, something I completely failed to experience. However, studies
Prince Harry's Beard Comes Out In Full Force On South Pole Trip (PHOTOS) And we really don't hate it... for now. Jury's still out until we see this thing full-grown at the end of the journey, which
What Your Style Says About You I've adopted various styles
Solutions to Prevent Tired Feet and Legs During Holiday Shopping From Black Friday to Christmas It is holiday time again along with the long lines waiting to buy those special gifts. How will your feet and legs survive the pounding of pavements and standing for hours on hard concrete floors at the malls and running from department store to department store?
Miley Cyrus' Cat Bikini At The AMAs Was 'Even More Amazing' Than Designer Had Hoped See how we got here
Leah Kelley, Plus-Size Model, Stuns In Robyn Lawley Swimwear (PHOTOS) For all those scouts looking for the next \It Girl\ of the so-called plus-size modeling world, we'd like to submit for consideration
Salon 'Fat Tax' Charges Curvier Customers More For Leg Wax Beauty and fashion aren't always so pretty
14 Photos That Will Give You Serious 'Gossip Girl' Nostalgia Are we the only ones who miss hearing that? It's been just about a year since the series finale of \Gossip Girl,\ and we're
3 Shopping Sites That Make It Easy To Give Back Beginning this week with Black Friday, shoppers will start scouring stores and online in search of the perfect holiday gifts. But this season, it's easier than ever to find a present that's not only trendy but also gives back.
Stars Show Us How To Embrace Messy Hair In This Week's Best & Worst Beauty (PHOTOS) The newlywed is positively glowing! So naturally she kept her hair and makeup simple by wearing slightly tousled waves, lash
Great Plus-Size Clothes, All On Sale For Less Than $100 Slowly but surely, plus-size clothing is getting more fashionable. Though there are still some pretty atrocious items out
JC Penney Black Friday 2013 Sales Seem Too Good To Be True Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Joe
Lady Gaga's Versace Ad Channels Donatella's Signature Look (PHOTOS) Just as we all suspected, Lady Gaga is the newest face of Versace -- and it's a pretty darn good pairing. PHOTOS
Emma Thompson Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Women
We're Definitely Going Shopping After Seeing The Items On This Week's Cheap Celeb Finds Ripped jeans are definitely have their moment right now, especially in Hollywood. But who wants to pay an arm and a leg for
Nordstrom Black Friday 2013 Sales Are A Beauty Junkie's Dreams What we love
A Conversation With Supermodel Karolina Kurkova Top model and television personality Karolina Kurkova talks about being real, Botox and bedtime stories.
I Hated Lululemon Before It Was Trendy I hate Lululemon. Everything about that brand makes me want to knock down an end-aisle display of Vitamin Water with my yoga mat.
Fresh-Faced Cybill Shepherd Starred In A Seventies-Tastic CoverGirl Commercial Things have changed a lot since then
There Was So Much 'Hunger Games' Lovin' On Twitter This Week May the odds be ever in your favor... Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest
We're Adding These Accessories Of The Week To Our Wish List The mirrored sunnies combined with her navy beanie make Ora the picture of cool. Rosie Huntington-Whiteley's baseball hat
Teen Miley Cyrus Actually Had Pretty Great Style (PHOTO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Long
6 Ways to Wear a Scarf There are many fun ways you can mix it up and change your look with this one accessory.
True Confessions Any and all shopping success can occur without waking up at the crack of dawn the day after Thanksgiving. In fact, it can be done without getting dressed at all.
Bad Lighting Realizations I looked at myself in the mirror one evening and thought
Creating the Sweet Valley High Cast of My Dreams I'm not sure if I can stomach an entire film featuring puffy-sleeved blouses and mom jeans, so I'm taking this opportunity to style my dream Sweet Valley Highcast.
Jewelry Designs to Watch Out for This Holiday Season Here are two designers that will surely make you stop a girl on the street to find out
Victoria & David Beckham's Designer Clothes Scooped Up By Shoppers To Benefit Philippines And for the eager shoppers waiting in line, it was like Christmas come early. Victoria donated Louis Vuitton heels, Chanel
Great Gifts for Hitting the Road Many of us will be traveling this holiday season and some of the best gifts will make those airport- cringing moments a whole lot more bearable.
Model's New Central Chinese models have never been more in demand. So no surprise that on November 27, the world focus on the next 'top model' gains a lot more octane -- when it moves to China. Here, one of the country's richest cities, Shenzhen, will host the 'World Final Elite Model Look'.
20 Gorg Jewels For $50 & Under Diamonds may be a girl's best friend, but -- ouch! -- those sparkling stunners sure can get pricey. Luckily, there's an easy
Queen Maxima's Caribbean Wardrobe Is Making Us Need A Vacation (PHOTOS) Maxima's a pretty stylish lady
Christie Brinkley's Son Is Also A Model, Apparently (PHOTO) We'd like to be adopted by Christie Brinkley -- it seems like every child of hers is destined to model. \With kids, you just
The Only 5 Steps You Need To Get Ready For A Friday Night Out Step 4
Here's the Haircut All Men Should Get Trust us. The Undercut is the shit. This is what we wish all our boyfriends looked like, and we know you can pull it off.
These Celebs Schooled Us On Style On This Week's Best-Dressed List Naomie Harris in Burberry This jewel-encrusted white dress is a real show-stopper. The interesting neckline is a nice departure
13 Timeless Photos Of John F. Kennedy, Our Most Dapper President His wife was pretty stylish, too
9 Ways Technology Is Transforming The Beauty Industry We\u2019ve all had those moments
How To Wear Pajamas To Work, According To A Vogue Editor \One can get away with wearing a pajama set by dressing it up with a fancier shoe,\ Zalopany says, \1960's-esque pair of
Isaac Mizrahi Reveals The Hardest Part Of Being A 'Project Runway All Stars' Judge Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. But
Pippa Middleton Packs On The Sparkles For Sugarplum Ball With Nico Jackson (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Danish Royal Portrait Does No Favors To Our Favorite Princesses (PHOTO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. The
Old Navy's Black Friday 2013 Sale Is Making Us Jump For Joy Women's The Boyfriend Distressed Jeans
Your Ultimate Guide To Staying Beautiful While Traveling By Plane, Car, Train And Even Boat Taking the night train? Wash off all your makeup. Washing your face before bedtime, whether on a train or not, has less to
The Ferrum Professional Styler Straightens Your Hair AND Gives You A Blowout The Ferrum Styler did exactly what it promised
Photoshop Fail? This Poor Model Looks Like An Eel (PHOTO) More where that come from
Jennifer Lawrence Like we said
7 Things People Dressed Up For In Our Grandparents' Day Looking back at photos from our grandparents' generation, everyone looks so dapper. Their clothes fit. Their hair is combed. They do not look like they're on day 6 of a weeklong bender.
Isaac Lindsay, Model, On How She Stops Static Hair In The Winter Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram. (For everything
Coming Out (of My Closet) I have a skeleton in my closet
Obscure Is the New Cool Not so long ago being cool was choosing what everyone else was choosing, wearing, drinking and smoking. Ultimately, cool was defined by Madison Avenue. You knew it was time to change brands when Pepsi became the new cool, and a generation shifted.
The Right Way to Care for Sweaters We're working hard to minimize sweater-catastrophes, so we chatted with Mary Marlowe Leverette of About.com's Guide to Laundry for tips on keeping your garments in fighting shape.
Macy's Black Friday 2013 Sales Are Almost Too Good To Be True Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. The
Whittier College Fashion Reflects the Liberal Arts Education and the Feeling of Home People tend to think fashion is all about wearing trends and designer labels. Yet by looking at the students at Whittier College you will find just the opposite. Fashion is about having an open mind and wearing whatever makes you feel comfortable.
'The Hunger Games Costume designer Trish Summerville headed up wardrobe for the film -- yes, the woman responsible for Rooney Mara's transformation
The Lipstick You Should Be Wearing With Your Glasses Red Hair + Golden Sunnies = Pinky Coral Lips Because senior style editor Ellie's hair coloring and skin tone are very similar
Hired! 10 Creative Interview Looks A dream job in a creative industry begins with a dream interview. And the dream interview? Well that begins with your outfit
'80s Hair That Is So Bad It's Good (PHOTOS) We certainly don't miss all those hours spent bleaching, crimping and teasing our hair, but we still get lots of laughs from
A Woman of a Certain Age Even with the considerable age difference, the item worked beautifully on mother and daughter -- same dress, same trend.
Fashion For Compassion No doubt that each one of us has experienced the effects of bullying at least once in our lives whether it is us being the bully or the one being bullied.  But why is something that seems so simple to solve be so complex?
All Asses Are Not Created Equal... I am dissapointed. I believe in the Lululemon design team. I mean they were successful in creating an exercise pant that
What Is Sensual Planning? There is a way to plan as a woman that doesn't involve over planning. You can allow yourself to create big movement in a way that allows the truth of who you are and what you desire to unfold.
Trends in Resort Wear What is the allure? Exotic, sensual and a definite must have! If you are fashionably minded, then the effortlessness of a kaftan is the confidence and beauty every woman needs in paradise.
11 Places To Buy Yoga Gear That Aren't Lululemon Sweaty Betty
How to Wear Mineral Foundation If You Have Dry Skin Can those of us with drier complexions still get the same glow as our normal-to-oily skinned friends? I am happy to say -- absolutely yes, with a little extra work and the payoff is worth the effort.
3 Bad Habits That Are Hurting Your Hair... And How To Break Them 3. Overdrying your hair. Using heat-styling tools like a blow dryer and flat iron on color or chemical-treated hair furthers
Kate Middleton Repeats A Perfect Fall Outfit In London (PHOTOS) If it ain't broke... ..and back in 2011
Bella Thorne & Kacey Musgraves Try The Same Sheer Dress November 18, 2013
Princess Eugenie Shops At Lululemon, Is Now A True New Yorker (PHOTOS) If you spotted a twenty-something on the streets of New York City fiddling on her smartphone while toting a designer purse
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds Which item is your favorite? Leave me a comment below to let me know. To receive the eBay Roundup of Vintage Clothing Finds
How To Wear Headbands When You're A Grown-Up 5. Double Headband
23 Trends Guys Hate (But Women Love) \Really really bright lipstick, because gross you're going to get that on me.\ \It's like hooker red lipstick.\ Leggings
Holiday Dressing Thanksgiving is quickly approaching and whether you're spending it with your family, meeting the significant other's parents for the first time or hosting a soiree of your own, you probably are on a hunt for that perfect holiday dress.
Anita Bhoumik, Journalist & MTV Host, On Her Deep-Pore Cleansing Trick She explained, \To open the pores, I put my face under a towel and over hot water for a couple minutes. But be careful [that
Princess Letizia Surprises Us With Hot Pink In Miami (PHOTOS) We didn't know you had it in you, Letiz. This makes us wish the Duchess of Cambridge's US tour had included a stop in south
Miranda Kerr Replaced At Mango By Daria Werbowy (PHOTO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Take
Transformation Photos Prove Photoshop Isn't The Only Thing Making Models Look Perfect Models have dropped hints about these tricks before, from Adriana Lima revealing the brutal diet she endures right before
Adam Levine's Actually Pretty Into Makeup, According To 'The Voice' Makeup Artist In an interview with the New York Daily News, \The Voice\ makeup artist Darcy Gilmore revealed that the singer is actually
Why One Bottle Of Perfume Can Cost $440 Fabrice Penot smelling the rose oil used to make Le Labo's Rose 31 fragrance. \People come, spray, wear, think,\ Penot says
19 Sweaters, All On Sale For Less Than $100 Getting out of bed in the winter is hard enough. It's even tougher when you don't have the best warm clothes to brave the
Shirts-Tied-Around-The-Waist Are Coming Back, And We Couldn't Be Happier More stars bringing it back
Robyn Lawley's Chantelle Lingerie Photos Prove You Don't Need To Be A Size Zero To Pose In A Bra Rising \plus-size\ model Robyn Lawley reminded us of this today when she posted a photo on Facebook of her modeling for Chantelle
Jennifer Lawrence's Ear Cuff Is A Surprisingly Edgy Style Statement (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Celebs Show Us How To Wear Pink Lipstick In Winter (PHOTOS) Well, hello gorgeous! Rose's vibrant lip color makes her complexion look even more luminous, and her full-body curls are
We Want Everything From This Week's Cheap Celeb Finds Love her or hate her, Kim Kardashian always knows exactly what to wear to get people to notice her. Lately, her style has
Victoria's Secret Models Try To Sneak In Flats At The Show & More Tweets Of The Week Holiday dress season at Anthro, bye paychecks \u2708\ufe0f\u2728\ud83d\udcb0 \u2014 Taylor Lorenz (@TaylorLorenz) November 13, 2013 Life is incredible
Miranda Kerr See Miranda Kerr's Photoshop-free Instagram photo below. How could anyone think this needed retouching? But don't make your
Princess Charlene Proves Velvet Dresses Are Totally Acceptable For Holiday Season (PHOTOS) Last night, as Princess Charlene of Monaco attended the \MONAA\ Charity Gala, the blonde stunner turned heads in a floor
Brunette Moffy, Cross-Eyed Model, Signed By Major Modeling Agency Adhering to certain conventions of beauty seems to be what makes the fashion world go round, but this news signals changes
Easy Breezy Tips to Get Through Holiday Shopping Season (With Your Budget Intact) My mom and I would wake up at 5 am the day after Thanksgiving, packing up the car with snacks and coffee as we drove to the closest outlet center and honed in on the kill. Some dads take their sons fishing, my mom took me hunting. For bargains. Sales.
Obsessed With My Vans Equal parts comfort and cool, they will secure a place in your repertoire and cause a bit of an addiction if you let them. But fear not, this classic look isn't going anywhere anytime soon.
See The 1970s Hair Dryer That Gave Farrah Fawcett 'Flippy Curls' (VIDEO) Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram. (For everything
These Celebs Had The Most Badass Accessories Of The Week (PHOTOS) Here are some more of our favorite accessories
The Unexpected Trending Nail Color That's Sure to Brighten Your Fall Not So Mellow Yellow
See Which Stars Brought Their A-Game On This Week's Best Dressed List We'll admit that Poppy's dress is a little summery for this time of year, but the photo was taken in Los Angeles, so we'll
Celebs Wearing Isabel Marant For H&M Everybody, it's time to set your alarms! Read more on Fabsugar.com
10 Signs You're Getting Addicted To Blowouts You've figured out how to make a blowout last at least three days. At first it's just one blowout every few months -- for
Pitbull's Perfume Reminds Us What He Actually Looks Like (PHOTOS) That part actually sounds pretty cool. We're just not sure how many people are going to want to show off when someone compliments
Sugar Daddies for Obamacare? Controversial tactics are par for the course in politics. Businesses, including online dating sites, do not often make political statements to attract customers. Exceptions to every rule, however, exist.
Christie Brinkley's Anti-Aging Secret The brand's president, Michael Napolitano, also made sure the packaging features a window so that you can actually feel the
The Clarisonic Pedi Sonic Foot Transformation System Will Save Your Feet (And Tights) In between experimenting with the Daily Buff & Balm, I got fancy with the smoothing disc. And ladies, THIS CHANGED EVERYTHING
Your Soul Can't Be Bought So, this is our dilemma
7 Beauty and Style Tips From Real Women I need tips on how to look amazing without a time machine and someone else's bank account. My best beauty and style resource has always been other women. Luckily for me, I have fabulous friends.
Bethenny Frankel Snags All The Best Isabel Marant For H&M Pieces (PHOTOS) The red, black and white jacket seems to already be the most coveted piece of the collection, the latest of H&M's designer
Velvet D'Amour, Plus-Size Model \The women we hold as icons of beauty are not happy. And if they're not happy, who is happy?\ D'Amour was told she was too
9 Outfits Miley Cyrus Wore This Year That Were Actually Pretty Great The woman's style is still pretty polarizing
Here Is The Only Guide Men Need To Get Dressed (INFOGRAPHIC) Luckily, men seeking fashion advice have plenty of awesome resources. Our new favorite
Kate Erickson, Scandinavia House Communications Rep, And Her 5 Ingredients Or Less Rule Photo/Art
13 Clothing Items That Are Seriously Pointless We understand. So we've thought long and hard about the stupidest, most impractical clothing items we've ever encountered
The 10 Most Bizarre Outfits From The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show Last night's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show included six themes
Pretty Thrifty We all get a thrill when we see the NARS holiday collection wrapped in a pretty bow, or the new MAC liquid eyeliner that
Victoria's Secret Fashion Show 2013 Stars Taylor Swift Giving The Angels Competition (PHOTOS) But the show was, as always, about the models. Candice Swanepoel, the lucky Angel chosen to wear this year's $10 million
Tavi Gevinson Is All Grown Up In Cole Haan's Holiday Campaign (PHOTOS) She may only be 17, but Tavi Gevinson looks pretty grown up to us. The prodigious young blogger has been tapped for Cole
Taylor Swift's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show Performance Dissed By Model (UPDATED) Jessica Hart, who walked the show along with the rest of the lingerie models, told Women's Wear Daily Swift wasn't the best
The Secret To Flawless Makeup Seems simple, right? But putting product onto skin that isn't clean or hydrated often leads to that dreaded \caked-on\ look
The Quirkiest Things We Learned About Models Backstage At The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. What
Gabriela Isler, Miss Universe Winner 2013, Sounds Off On Body Image (VIDEO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Fortunately
3 Reasons To Make Coffee Part Of Your Skincare Routine Below is a simple coffee scrub recipe that certified nutritional consultants and health coaches Marra St. Clair and Lori
Hangovers Can Wreck Your Skin... Here's How To Prevent The Damage Exfoliate. Dr. Colbert recommends giving your skin a good yet gentle scrub. \Exfoliate off sallow, alcohol-damaged skin cells
Jean Seberg Taught Us That You Only Need One Item To Look French (PHOTO) The icon
One Secret Behind Victoria's Secret Models' Perfect Figures Catch a peek of the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show tonight as we live-tweet and Instagram from the front row, and see the
Christie Brinkley & Iman Prove That Age Is Nothing But A Number (PHOTOS) Last night, Christie Brinkley, 59, and Iman, 58, taught us that nearing 60 looks a whole lot more like nearing 30 these days
Transgender Victoria's Secret Angel? Transgender model Carmen Carrera wants to be the first transgender Victoria's Secret model. Read more on www.cnn.com
North West's 'Stylist' Is Riccardo Tisci Of Givenchy, Because Life's Not Fair Now get ready to be more envious
Kate Moss In Playboy But hey, Kate Moss is always surprising us. Will you be buying yourself an issue of Playboy once the real thing hits the
Speak Up With Jimmy Thinking about a career change?  Watch my interview with \Project Runway\ finalist Bradon McDonald about his experience going from modern dancer to fashion designer.  Bradon also gives advice on how you can change careers
Victoria's Secret Fashion Show Casting Looks Pretty Scary To Us (VIDEO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. The
4 Outfits To Wear When It's Wet And Gross Outside, All For Under $100 Warehouse Slouchy Cable Zip Back Jumper, $67; 2nd One Women's Black Satin Jeans, $80; Yves Salomon Rabbit Fur Ear Muffs, $64
Joan Rivers Brands Jennifer Lawrence 'Arrogant' After 'Fashion Police' Diss Joan Rivers can dish it, but she sure can't take it. Following Jennifer Lawrence's derogatory comments about \Fashion Police
This 'Hunger Games' Makeup Tutorial Is Utterly Ridiculous (VIDEO) We doubt too many people left the theater after watching \The Hunger Games\ just dying to emulate the makeup look, but that
15 Things To Buy Now That Will Make Your Life Better In 20 Years Leather sandals Whether they're from a high-quality store or bespoke, sturdy huaraches will last for decades as long as they
8 Signs You Need New Pajamas 6. You continually find mysterious stains on them -- and you're not sure how they got there. Replacing ripped tights, destroyed
The 10 Items That'll Save Your Closet Most likely, your closet is split between \show ponies\ and \work horses.\ Half of your clothes consist of the peacock-y
Fashion-Forward Pop-Up Disguised as M*A*S*H Tent In a Blah Building Downtown? What a N.I.C.E. Idea I'm not a fashion critic but certainly a more than casual consumer. I know what I like and I think I know what works and pushes boundaries. N.I.C.E. Collective is making great, well-constructed, minimalistic handsome gear that is modern and ready for the next frontier.
A Conversation With Berluti's Alessandro Sartori Alessandro Sartori has brought ready-to-wear elegance to the house formerly known only for handsome and luxurious shoes and briefcases.
Securing Your Vixen Look Cutting your hair can be downright empowering -- just think of shedding old layers in favor of a new, fresh fall-into-winter ready you. Although change sometimes requires a leap of faith or the new moon, remember these three elemental gems when going under the scissors:
Bruce Weber Cindy Crawford may be one of the most powerful supermodels in the biz, but that doesn't mean she has the right to be a total
Why You Definitely Shouldn't Wear Makeup To The Gym The function of sweat is primarily to cool the body rather than excretion, Shamban explains. The excretion exception is that
7 Lingerie Stores That Aren't Victoria's Secret Fig Leaves
Golden National Treasures The initial segment of the exhibit displays tons of gold jewelry found at ancient burial sites of Kings & Queens in Silla's capital city, Gyeongju.  Further into the exhibition are larger-scale items that were created after the adoption of the Buddhist religion.
Mary Kate And Ashley Olsen Each Get Their Own Allure Cover For December (PHOTOS) Check out the Olsens' Allure shoot below and see more photos here. The designers grace individual Allure covers for December
Virginia Commonwealth University Students are Fierce and Fearless This Fall When I spotted her, the first word that came to mind was, \YES!\ That is usually how I know I spotted a great accessory, when I find myself wondering, \Where can I get my hands on that?\
Tyson Beckford Proves That Being A Male Model Is Pretty Much Impossible Think they're all so regimented? Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and
Grace Kelly's Bag Is So Iconic, It Got Its Own Name She was always beautiful... Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram
Jennifer Lawrence's Hair On Her InStyle Cover Makes Us Miss Her Old 'Do But we've got solid proof that that's just not true. On the December 2013 cover of InStyle, released today, Lawrence is photographed
Over-the-Knee and Over Forty?  Hell Yes Despite my inner critic, I instantly fell in love with black and white snakeskin Silve heel by Jeffrey Campbell and the patent leather, thigh-high Jeffrey Campbell Acie.
Angelina Jolie's Blonde Hair Was Fairly Epic (PHOTO) We're a little sad people don't remember the blonde Jolie era more. Think she should give her light hair another try? Remember
Anti-Cellulite Jeans By Alexandre Herchcovitch Use New 'Beauty Denim' Technology Cellulite shouldn't be your only concern... While none of the supposed cellulite-busting jeans have had enormous success
5 Ways To Get Rid Of Dry, Rough Elbows For Good More ways to win the battle against dry winter skin
Tara Lynn, Plus-Size Model But are curves a permanent road block to mainstream fashion world success? According to Lynn, they might be. The opportunities
Philip Treacy Is STILL Defending Princess Beatrice's Royal Wedding Hat Poor guy. Clearly, it's not an easy life for a royal milliner, either. See Treacy's now-infamous hat below. Can you believe
Lady Gaga Teaming Up With H&M For Album Release Yeah, we doubt any of this is H&M
Candice Swanepoel On Those Wild Victoria's Secret Costumes No matter how many times she does it, Candice said, she gets nervous -- and not just on the runway. She's still adjusting
Jessica Chastain Covers Vogue For The First Time (PHOTO) Jessica Chastain covers Vogue's December 2013 issue, making it her first cover for the fashion bible. Photographed by Annie
7 Beauty Products You'll Probably Never Need While we have a few key weapons in our beauty cabinet arsenal, we're willing to admit that most of our tubes, compacts and
How to Pose for Pictures Feeling like you look good in photos and finding your go-to \pose,\ is mostly a personal thing. Some poses may work for some people and others, not so much.
Makeup Remover Wipes May Be Convenient... But Are They Bad For Your Skin? The active ingredients in makeup remover wipes are generally the same as regular cleansers
19 Pairs of Boots, All On Sale For Less Than $100 Okay, it's time to face the music. It's fall. And by fall, we mean almost winter. So it's about time you get your cold-weather
Miss Universe Winner 2013, Gabriela Isler, Stuns In A Silver Dress (PHOTOS) And your new Miss Universe is... Miss Venezuela, Gabriela Isler. The 25-year-old beauty won the big crown at Moscow\u2019s Crocus
Even Miss Universe Takes Selfies Miss Universe is here... and she takes selfies. Here's a look into Gabriela Isler's Instagram, as well as other contestants
Katie Holmes' Red Lipstick In Bobbi Brown Campaign Is A Rare (And Awesome) Sight See any red lipstick in here? It's a bold new look for the actress, who's been posing in Bobbi Brown campaigns since January
Kate Middleton Is Basically A Samantha Doll Come To Life (PHOTOS) Kate Middleton is becoming a style icon in her own right, but we always did get the feeling she reminded us of someone familiar
Bad Hair Color Happens To Beautiful People In This Week's Best & Worst Beauty (PHOTOS) Nothing about Faris' blunt blonde bangs is funny. A much richer hair color would help to add warmth to the comedian's milky
We'd Open Our Wallets For All The Amazing Items In This Week's Cheap Celeb Finds This week, there were many A-listers who were out and about in great ensembles. Though there were loads of red carpet events
Jewelry Created By Trafficking Survivors Is Beautifully Empowering \Free Thereafter is teaching them something that's viable in their community,\ Kwagala Project's executive director Kristen
Dorothy Dandridge's 'Carmen Jones' Style Is Still Inspiring Us (PHOTO) More vintage inspiration
Michelle Obama Hangs With Hollywood Stars During White House Workshop (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
You Can Now Purchase A Royal Baby Doll (Yes, Really) Think royal baby madness is over? Think again. In case you need a reminder of how Prince George really looks... BAH gimme
These Stars Had The Most Unique Accessories Of The Week (PHOTOS) Those are some pretty badass boots you've got there, Kourt. Nicole Richie's moccasins Nothing ties an outfit together like
These So-Called Men's Clothes Look Way Better On Women Pleated Pants Blazers White Button-Down Shirts Loafers Herewith, traditionally-male clothes we think ladies have earned the
Going Dutch One of the things I had to get used to when living in Berlin was that everyone assumed that every meal was a Dutch treat.
Service Interrupted They sit in my chair and breathe a sigh of relief for the opportunity to take one hour out of their hectic day for dedicated relaxation and pampering. But all of a sudden, when that little screen lights up or a handbag rumbles with an iPhone begging to be answered.
Securing Your Vixen Look Color is sensational. Color is electrifying. And color can be, well, kinda confusing. Especially when going in alone without your professional stylist. No matter what your color conundrum, here are some sure-fire tips for achieving perfect color every time.
Fake Bags, Clothing Less Popular As Shoppers Find Better Deals On Designer Items Read more about VoucherCloud's findings in the Sunday Times. Of course, fake designer goods are still wildly popular, particularly
Princess Victoria Wears Isabel Marant For H&M, Proving It Does Pay To Be A Royal Check out the rest of the collection
Jennifer Lawrence's Pixie Cut Decision, Explained PHOTOS
Rite Aid Steps Up Its Beauty Game With Premium Makeup Brands Not all great products need to be expensive
Cellulite-Fighting Shapewear Lines Sued For Not Fighting Cellulite Lingerie company Maidenform, along with Wacoal, are being sued by two women over \slimming\ shapewear that supposedly reduces
Drink Your Way To Younger-Looking Skin With... Beauty Shots? Would you drink up for better-looking skin? Watch the video above to find out more about these beauty shots. After watching
The Beauty Products New Yorkers Swear By So we put a call out to our New York Twitter, Instagram and Facebook followers (as well as fashionistas Eva Chen, Erika Bearman
What Your Childhood American Girl Doll Says About Your Style Now My New American Girl Josefina Kit Felicity Kirsten Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr
The Best Beautifiers For EVERY Budget Is it just us, or does anyone else get ticked off by those articles that tell you what beauty products to splurge on and
Tara Jaff, Student, Never Uses Heat On Her Gorgeous Hair When we first laid eyes on Tara Jaff in Union Square, we knew there was something different about her. Maybe it was her bold
What Fall Trends Should I Spend My Money On? I cannot stress this enough
It's Ok to Say No! Being a teenager in today's media driven society can magnify pressures that are not necessarily new to my generation but have made their way to the top of the list for tweens and teens of the Millennial generation.
1970s Hair Icons That Will Make You Nostalgic Farrah Fawcett Meryl Streep Ali MacGraw Bo Derek Debbie Harry Hall's cred as a model and actress is pretty impressive, but
How To Apply Every Type Of Blush (Even The Tricky Liquid Ones) Stain Blush
Man With 128 Plastic Surgeries Says It's 'More Socially Accepted' For Women To Get It Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Watch
Debenhams Unveils Plus-Size Mannequins To Better Represent British Shoppers (PHOTOS) Heeding the calls of women everywhere, Debenhams has just unveiled UK size 16 (US size 12) mannequins in its Oxford Street
Kate Middleton Rides The Bus In A Repeat Outfit, Making Her Exactly Like Us Every Day Kate at London Poppy Day, 2013
Carrie Underwood Wears More Outfits In One Night Than We Do In A Week (PHOTOS) Behold all nine pieces of Carrie's outfit marathon
We Found the Perfect Concealers for Every Skin Tone! Everyone's got a little something to cover up. And these concealers will help you do it.
Slip Dresses For those days when pants are, like, so not happening, take solace in the slip dress. In this episode of \From the Vogue
There's More Than One Reason Not To Wear Makeup (VIDEO) 3. People in the fashion world don't really wear it (thank God for tinted moisturizer). Makeup-free and flawless
Gilly Hicks, Abercrombie's Lingerie Store You Didn't Know About, Closes A&F announced today that it is closing Gilly Hicks, a chain of lingerie stores most of us had never even heard of. The announcement
Sofia Vergara's Head & Shoulders Campaign Proves Good Hair Runs In Her Family (PHOTOS) Sofia Vergara has just been tapped by Head & Shoulders to front its national ad campaign, appearing in the first shot alongside
Seriously, What's With All Of The Pixie Cuts In Hollywood? Jennifer Lawrence
From Jazz Age Model to WWII Fashion Photographer, Lee Miller Sought Out Style and Adventure on Both Sides of The Lens After finishing the new book on the life and work of trailblazing model and photographer Lee Miller, I feel confident in saying the only thing ordinary about this woman was her last name.
10 Things Every Woman and Man Over 40 Should Know 3. Once a woman is by herself, she either learns how to do all the \guy stuff\ by herself or she calls one of her guy friends for help. My point is, you ARE replaceable, dear.
Kate Upton Channels Kate Middleton... And It Totally Works On Her (PHOTOS) Lest you think that a first name is all that's shared between Kate Upton and Kate Middleton, Upton has seemingly set out
Chiara de Blasio, First Daughter Of New York City, Has The Best Headbands (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. PHOTOS
Christie Brinkley And Daughter Sailor Brinkley-Cook Sign IMG Modeling Deal Now, with an IMG contract under her belt before she graduates high school, things are moving fast. But Sailor has already
A Conversation With Montblanc CEO, Jerome Lambert Since Montblanc was founded in 1906, writers, presidents and popes have relied on their Montblanc pens, watches and other accessories. With such a rich legacy, the challenge remains how to move forward in the 21st Century yet keep Montblanc so classic.
Decoding the Dress Code What if I told you that dividing your personal styles between work and home is a thing of the past? What if your weekend fashion and your work fashion became one?
The Best Ingredient Ever? Olive Oil, According To Norma Kamali And Norma Kamali was the one who got us inspired. Chatting with the designer on HuffPost Live, we learned that she swears
CollegeFashionista Finds One of a Kind Fashion at FIT On a typical day on the FIT campus, located smack in the middle of Chelsea, you will see a range of students from hundreds of countries all over the world, tall or short, brown hair, red hair, pink hair or sporting anything else that is out there and that most other college students wouldn't dare try.
7 Stores You Didn't Know Were Canadian 7. Fluevog Shoes Arguably one of Canada's most successful and well-known stores, Roots sells all things Canadiana. Known
Karlie Kloss' Bold Look Standing out in a room full of Michael Kors-clad models and celebrities isn't easy A clean-lined day-glo dress and Kloss's elegant stature do the trick.
Male Fashion Advice Reddit Community Gives Us Hope Now if only we could get all guys to stop wearing these
9 Ways To Win The War On Static Hair Use water. Yep, it's simple, but it still works. Heading into a meeting and your hair looks crazy? Pop into the office bathroom
J. Crew Commercial Features Family That's Basically Too Perfect To Be Real J. Crew is wildly popular and seemingly everywhere, but the store has actually never done a full-on TV commercial. Sure, there
Pregnant Princess Madeleine Takes A Walk In Central Park (PHOTOS) She may be four months pregnant, but Princess Madeleine isn't slowing down quite yet. In fact, she's still keeping up an
Kate Middleton's Got A 'Secret Stylist' In Pal Emilia Jardine-Paterson, Apparently Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Grazia
Robyn Lawley Models Bikinis Like Nobody's Business In Cosmo Australia (PHOTOS) This is Lawley's second swimwear spread for the Cosmo Australia, but she certainly has fans elsewhere in the industry. She
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds This eclectic mix of designer and non-designer vintage clothing and accessories caught my discerning eye because of its uniqueness
A Brief Guide To Hair Dye We certainly got folks talking when we decided to explore what hair dye is really doing to our hair. The reality of how certain
If You Want to Look French Chic This Fall, Ladies Buy a Little Red Coat Paris shop windows have been invaded by sixties style little red coats. They brighten up the grey tweeds and Mondrian color block stripe patterns of the big coats of last year.
That Herm\u00e8s Bag From 'Blue Jasmine' Cost More Than The Film's Entire Costume Budget This just in
How to Move on to the Next Level You know the voice inside of your head that sometimes says, \You're ready! You're ready for the next level of growth!\ And then there's another voice that might say, \Why? Why do you need that? Why are you moving on?\ Right now, I'm going through just that.
Jennifer Aniston's Haircut Philosophy Is Just Like Ours Yeah, but we bet she said the same thing back when she got The Rachel. And look how that turned out. PHOTO
Louis Vuitton Names Nicolas Ghesqui\u00e8re As Artistic Director Read more at WWD.com. Jacobs' exit from Louis Vuitton was widely anticipated, as his contract with parent company LVMH was
22 Amazing Finds From Lands' End (PHOTOS) Tory Lugged Booties, $77; Bianca Bow Ballet Shoes, $59; Blakeley Riding Boots, $249; Ashby Patent High Heel Shoes, $30. Blackwatch
Nina Agdal Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. The
Princess Iman Bint Abdullah of Jordan, 17, Is Already Her Mom's Mini-Me (PHOTOS) Decked out in a traditional embroidered dress, Iman looked like a miniature version of Rania with her cascading golden waves
Christy Turlington's H&M Ads Proves She's Still Showing Models How It's Done (PHOTOS) The supermodel appears in H&M's Holiday 2013 campaign alongside today's current roster of top models, including Liu Wen and
She's Glam Now, But Claire Danes Was Once A Wide-Eyed Teen (PHOTOS) When we saw Claire Danes' new cover for Interview magazine, we thought
Miss Universe Costumes Make The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show Look Tame (PHOTOS) Held this year in Moscow, the annual National Costume Show is intended to showcase each contestant's home country through
Michael Kors Instagram Ad Is The App's First-Ever Advertisement As Insta users who already follow Kors and similar designers, the ad actually strikes us as quite pretty and inconspicuous
Cat In Tights Is Giving Us Some Unexpected Fashion Inspiration We're open-minded when it comes to fashion inspiration, taking cues from street style and runways alike. Our latest source
Waxing On Your Period & More 'Down-There' Grooming Questions You Were Too Afraid To Ask So, we took one for the team and asked Uni K Wax founder Noemi Grupenmager and Tennessee-based licensed aesthetician Eva
Jen Lu, Art Director, Schools Us On Drugstore Beauty Shopping \A lot of grays and tons of layers are my favorite part of fall,\ said Lu. \And I love different textures -- today I'm wearing
Sephora, \Celebutard\ Lipstick? Are You High On Tattoo Ink? I don't wear Sephora makeup. And as Mom of special needs kids - and friend to many people whose children have Down Syndrome, I wouldn't put this lipstick on a pig.
Yoga and Meditation These unique gifts embody the essence of yoga and meditation -- a state of mind/body/spirit. Far beyond fashion or trend, the yogic lifestyle is a deeper way of living, with consciousness and compassion.
Kerry Washington's Michelle Obama Outfit On 'SNL' Was Super Accurate (PHOTOS) One slight departure from the first lady's original look? Kerry was wearing her hair down, not up like Michelle did that
What We Wouldn't Do For All The Incredible Items In This Week's Cheap Celeb Finds (PHOTOS) We spent a good part of this week lusting after Jessica Alba's perfect plaid shirt (which we assumed was way out of our budget
Dramatic Hair Makeovers In This Week's Best & Worst Beauty (PHOTOS) There's no denying that the \Dirty Laundry\ songstress is sporting a wig. And while we're all for experimenting with different
Forget Clothes, This Week It's All About Incredible Accessories Kate Bosworth's Burberry handbag We know heart motifs are a little clich\u00e9, but not when they're done in calfskin. Laura Whitmore's
The Good, The Bad And The Ugly At The LACMA 2013 Art And Film Gala (PHOTOS) Though we're sure the evening was filled with lots of glitz and glamour (there was a musical performance by Sting), we couldn't
Queue Etiquette A queue is nothing more than a waiting line. Key word
Ireland Baldwin Is No Longer Daddy's Little Girl In Fashion Shoot (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Check
There Was A Miley Cyrus Hashtag On Halloween Because Of Course Just in case you were wondering
What's a Girl to Wear? We are acutely aware that our appearance says something about who we are. We brush, polish, blow-dry, flat-iron, file, pluck, wax, pluck, bikini wax(!), shave, moisturize, condition, conceal, highlight......and after all this we're still naked.
The Craziest Halloween Makeup We Saw This Year (PHOTOS) Halloween is a time for makeup experimentation -- when else is it acceptable to walk around town with eyeliner-drawn whiskers
Ashley Wagner's Cover Girl Gig Proves Olympians Can Rock Makeup, Too (PHOTOS) \I'm all set,\ she told E! News about her beauty regimen. \I'm skating to 'Shine On Your Crazy Diamond' by Pink Floyd, so
Fit For Me By ModCloth Makes Shopping Online Less Risky We've all been there. You find something you love on an e-commerce site, and it arrives in a different shade than expected
How To Apply False Eyelashes? This YouTube Tutorial Makes It Easy (VIDEO) In our series YouTube Beauty Tutorials Of The Week, we are sharing the most informative how-to videos on everything from
The Best Dressed Celebs Of The Week Just Get It More celebs who made the best-dressed list
Christian Siriano Wise Beyond His Years Christian Siriano is known for many things, an amazing design force, a creative, an innovator and as Tim Gunn would call him, a prodigy. But what really makes Christian tick? What motivates him? What pushes him to the forefront of success?
We Can Now All Smell As Awesome As Ashley & Mary-Kate Olsen But of course. From the sound of it, you can get an Ashley-like aroma from Nirvana White, the lighter of the two scents, while
Grace Kelly Covers Tatler In Iconic 1955 Edith Head Dress (PHOTO) She may have passed away in 1982, but Princess Grace is having a moment. The princess of Monaco is the latest cover star
Trendy Coats for Fall and Winter Autumn is in full swing and gearing up for winter I'm shopping around for more than one coat to fit into my fall fashion schedule.
Jazz Up Your Long Johns This Season With the fall/winter season upon us, it's time to bundle up and that means long johns. Don't be stuck with a hideous pair this season. Check out some of our favorite options.
Laurence Mathieu-Leger, News Producer, Uses Baby Lotion To Achieve Flawless Skin Sometimes when girls wear hats, it's to disguise a bad hair day, over-waxed brows or a huge pimple. But this was far from
Carla Bruni's Sister, Valeria Bruni-Tedeschi, Appears Alongside Model In Elle (PHOTO) Some sisters have all the luck -- or chance, as the French would say. If only we could recreate it ourselves... Both sisters
Nanette Lepore Shares Her Journey Clearly a creative in every sense of the word, you could feel the burst of ideas and fantastical visuals that would come from a mind such as hers.
What To Do With Your Overstuffed Purse After Work \I'm a firm believer in the idiom of 'less is more,'\ Givens told us, \However for work, I often find myself needing a roomy
Layer on the Style No matter what the weather decides to do, this Fashionista's outfit can accommodate it. The key to combat the weather in style is creating a neutral base that allows for exciting layers and accessories.
Halloween Costume Or Regular Celebrity Outfit? Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Alicia
Adam Levine Is The Calvin Klein Of Kmart, Apparently We suppose that he's changed his tune after going ahead and launching his own fragrance this year. And now, with this successful
Kids Dressed Up As Chanel Bags Will Put Other Trick-Or-Treaters To Shame Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. New
'Who Says' Since I was a little girl I don't recall ever being the \fashionable\ one that all the other little girls would go home trying to emulate. I was the one with the short hair & sneakers running around playing.
Palmer's Cocoa Butter Formula Skin Therapy Face Oil Kicks Ashy, Winter Skin To The Curb Like most African-American women, I grew up in a household where my mother kept cocoa butter lotion stocked in our toiletries
How Do You Shop Underwear for Halloween? We at The Underwear Expert definitely acknowledge the idea of the sexy underwear Halloween costume, but we'd like to offer you some other suggestions about how you can get your underwear drawer into the spirit of Halloween.
Princess Madeleine's Elle Cover Is Absolutely Gorgeous (PHOTO) In the issue, Madeleine reportedly talks to Elle about her pregnancy, saying it happened \a little fast and very suddenly
The Halloween Costume That's Already In Your Closet Timberland Women's 6\ Premium Boot, $134; Hat Attack Oversized Sunhat, $85; Monki Elisabeth Dungarees, $76; Topshop Crop
Your Guide To Getting Off All That Halloween Makeup Rule #1
6 Ways To Tuck In Your Shirt One of the more popular tucks (especially among the fashion crowd), this tuck is ideal if you want the comfort of a no-tuck
Princess Eugenie Is Officially A New York Hipster (PHOTOS) Princess Eugenie has been working in the city at art auction house Paddle8 for a hot second, and she's already sporting the
Last-Minute Costume Ideas Back in August you had such lofty ambitions for your DIY his-and-hers Mr. and Mrs. Potato Head ensembles. And yet, here it is, the day before Halloween, and you have done zero planning. So we've pulled together some easy and timely costumes from stuff you probably already have.
Spring 2014 -- Art Attack The line between fashion and art has always been fluid, with some of the world's most influential designers known for creating what can be described as wearable works of art. The connection between art and makeup is arguably even stronger.
Kendra Spears, AKA Princess Salwa Aga Khan, Models For Next Check out a few of her photos below and see more here. Spears has landed her first big post-royal gig, modeling the Winter
NYU Tisch Gala in Beverly Hills Honors Oliver Stone and Liza Chasin Accepting the award, Stone, responsible for films including Born of the 4th of July, JFK, Nixon, and Wall Street, said he loved the idea of watching movies all day and getting credit for it.
5 Derm Tips for Updating Your Skincare Routine for Fall Unfortunately, colder weather takes a toll on skin. Find out what board certified dermatologists recommend.
Subway Fashion Show In Sao Paolo Pleasantly Surprises Commuters (VIDEO) Ordinary folks got a front row seat to take in the latest fashions during their commutes on Sunday, as organizers of Sao
Cressida Bonas' Wedge Sneakers Look Just Like Pippa Middleton's (PHOTOS) When it comes to trying out the hottest fashion trends, Prince Harry's girlfriend Cressida Bonas never lets us down. We'll
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds This eclectic mix of designer and non-designer vintage clothing and accessories caught my discerning eye because of its uniqueness
'Curvy' Women's Group Files Complaint Against Karl Lagerfeld On a more local level, Aubriere told the AFP that they are also pushing to end bullying, advocating more awareness in schools
Pulp Fashion Week Celebrates Plus-Size Models In Paris (PHOTOS) At last, plus-size fashion isn't relegated to one mere show. This week in Paris, Pulp Fashion Week celebrated runway models
The Best Face Cleansers For Under $10 Washing your face is a daily ritual to keep your skin cleansed and ready to take on your serums, moisturizers, and skin care
The Weirdest New Fashion Trend We have a special week on We Spy Style \u2014 it's all about beauty! Read more on Fabsugar.com
An Ode to Lou Reed's Insanely Cool Style Yesterday, we lost one of rock\u2019s most legendary artists and songwriters, Lou Reed, at the age of 71. Read more on Fashionista.com
Blake Lively Bags L'Or\u00e9al Paris Contract On Her Way To Becoming The Next Gwyneth Get ready for even more Blake Lively in your life. The former \Gossip Girl\ star and current domestic goddess is the new
These Celebs Gave Us Lessons On How NOT To Wear Eye Makeup (PHOTOS) If we had to sum up Kravitz's look in one word, it would be harsh. Between the taut French braids, bushy brows and extremely
See What These Worst-Dressed Stars Wore This Week (And Don't Try It At Home) Gwen Stefani There is way too much volume in this outfit. The pouffy sleeves, combined with the voluminous skirt, are making
Unexpected Inspirations Yeah, I'm one-persona-operation, have to do everything from design, crafting, marketing, sales, and customer service all
Speak Up With Jimmy I catch up with fashion designer Bradon McDonald, a finalist on Season 12 of Project Runway, about his experience on the reality competition show. Some life lessons learned
Is Your Hair Making You Look Older Than You Are? Yep, just like our skin, our hair ages...and not always gracefully. It sure does sound odd, considering hair is \dead\ and all, but sprouting grays isn't the only thing we have to worry our pretty little heads about.
These Epic Costumes Officially Win Halloween 2013 Miley Cyrus at the VMAs Kim Kardashian at the Met Gala Emojis The royal baby Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style
Katy Perry Back In 2002 Dressed A Whole Lot Like Us (PHOTOS) Before the whipped cream bra, before the blue hair and before the light-up dress, Katy Perry was just a barefaced girl with
Tech Support for Your Tresses Sometimes it's difficult to decide if you're disposing of you're look because it really is broken, or because you're craving the latest and greatest thing.
Why You MUST Own The Lotus Moon Pumpkin Enyzme Peel A luxurious treatment that smells of everything pumpkin latte goodness for your face, and it actually works.
Michelle Phan On the one beauty product she uses every day... I use sunscreen every single day, even if I'm not going outside in the sun
Jamie Dornan Is Pretty Much Prince Carl Philip Of Sweden's Doppelg\u00e4nger (PHOTOS) Jamie Dornan (left) and Prince Carl Phillip (right) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr
'Anna Rexia' Costume Resurfaces After Being Pulled From Online Retailers What were they thinking? CORRECTION
Princess Madeleine Wears The Most Princess-y Maternity Gown Ever (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Coca-Cola By DRx, The Clothing Line We Didn't Really Need, Makes Its Debut Coca-Cola has debuted a 200-piece clothing line by vintage designer Dr. Romanelli, aka DRx, reports Ad Week. Kind of reminds
Lena Dunham Hangs With Anna Wintour, Making That Vogue Cover Seem Even More Likely... The odds might be in Lena's favor... Reports earlier this week stated that Vogue's editor-in-chief is wooing Dunham, allegedly
Janie Taylor, Ballet Dancer, Reveals The Trick Behind Her Glowing Skin When we spotted Janie Taylor on the streets of NYC, we were taken aback by her luscious locks. We were even more surprised
Kate Middleton Is One Seriously Glam Mommy In A Navy Jenny Packham Gown (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Celebrity Couples Costumes That Win At Halloween As far as we're concerned, on the list of Important Relationship Milestones, dressing up together for Halloween is way, way
Makeup Ingredients You Might Want To Avoid We've been hearing more and more that there are dangerous chemicals lurking in our favorite beauty and skincare products
Kate Upton On Carine Roitfeld Speaking to Page Six, Upton said she's very grateful to Carine Roitfeld for taking a chance and putting her on the inaugural
15 Pixie Haircuts That Make Us Want To Chop Off Our Hair (PHOTOS) \Nothing enhances a beautiful bone structure more than a cute short haircut,\ according to celebrity hairstylist Sascha Breuer
Victoria's Secret Models Talk Diet And Guilty Pleasures On HuffPost Live (VIDEO) It's not easy being a Victoria's Secret Angel, what with juggling a hectic schedule of photoshoots and public appearances
'Love Is a Battlefield' Oh love how you wound thee... dressed to appeal you flaunter around jousting your beautiful smile, spinning and dipping, and then holding close. But are you the devil in disguise?  A wolf in sheep's clothes? Are we all being fooled by love?
Show Gratitude and Get More of What You Want! (VIDEO) We spent a incredible evening at a Cannes Film Festival after party and fashion show.  When we got here, I was having a lot of FauxType issues come up. I wondered, 'Is this really OK? Is this really OK to live this way??!'
How To Dress Up For A Halloween Party Without Wearing A Costume To help you on your way, we've put together a fashionable outfit that is Halloween-themed without being too obvious, that
Pew Research While most of us realize this from the everyday conversations we're having with singles on the dating scene, we really need to credit the introduction and rise of mobile dating apps for the increase in acceptance to digital dating.
Birth Control And Acne How To Avoid Acne While Transitioning Off The Pill Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr
The Funkybod Muscle Top Is Basically A Push-Up Bra For Men (PHOTOS) It isn't easy to achieve the body of a Greek god. Thanks to the Funkybod Muscle Top, aspiring muscle men needn't toil away
Wear It, Don't Bear It Rather than crusade against the use of weapon imagery in fashion, Barnard senior Toby Milstein has channeled it towards a statement that neither trivializes an instrument of death, nor stigmatizes its aesthetic significance.
Prince George's Christening Brings Adorable Photos, Chic Ivory Outfits (PHOTOS) Prince William also looked quite nice for the occasion, wearing a bright blue tie plus a sharp pocket square. But really
Did Party City Photoshop Plus-Size Models? (PHOTOS) White Skeleton Leggings (regular; plus-size) [H/T Consumerist] Black Ribbon Stripe Pantyhose (regular; plus-size) Red Fishnet
Model Elliott Sailors Explains Why She Switched To Male Modeling (VIDEO) While she did lose her womenswear clients after switching over to male modeling, Sailors discovered that she could extend
Blurred Lines Fashion is art. Fashion is an outward expression of those fantastical ideas conjured up inside of each of us. Often we stifle the expression of our imagination because of societal norms. What's expected? What's accepted? What will resonate?
Cressida Bonas 'Unlikely' To Attend Prince George's Christening, Sources Say (VIDEO) Bummer city. But what about George's other relatives' other halves? Watch Nicholl speculate on Pippa and James Middleton's
Model-Filled Ads For Isabel Marant For H&M Have Us Freaking Out In Excitement These ads will satisfy us -- but just for a bit. We're already going crazy waiting until we can actually scoop up the tie
Katy Perry Smolders On W Magazine Cover As '60s Pinup (PHOTOS) Click over to W magazine to read Katy Perry's full interview. How stunning does John Mayer's girl look? PHOTOS
Kim Kardashian's Ring From Kanye Is Smaller Than Her Last One... But By The Same Designer Kim's ring from Kanye
Melissa McCarthy On Elle Cover Controversy The coat in question, a gray woolen number by Marina Rinaldi, was a fun, dramatic piece, which Elle had previously said was
The Border of Style By portraying their heritage and personalities through unique outfits, students know that fashion is about the importance of style, presentation and about feeling proud of who you are and where you are from.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds GET READY, GET SET, BID!!! (Click on Pic for More Info and Auction Links) No time to page through thousands of eBay listings
12 Reasons High Heels Are Actually Worth It Though we at HuffPost Style might be healthy living enthusiasts, we'd be lying if we said we didn't occasionally get seduced
Twiggy, 64, Models Leather Collection For M&S Proving She Hasn't Lost Her Edge (PHOTOS) And so does Twiggy. Below, check out her modeling pieces from the new collection, which will be available to shop on Thursday
Phone Book Pumpkins You'll need
The Melissa McCarthy Era Can we all agree that Melissa McCarthy looks fantastic on the cover of Elle -- The Women In Hollywood Issue? No? You mean there is a Greek Chorus of hypocrites that refuse to accept what we can all see and take at face value...that Melissa looks fierce?
New Model Law In New York Finally Gives Underage Models Legal Protection Hopefully this will dissuade brands and designers from working with such young models, as well as providing protection to
11 Fashion Essentials Every 50-Something Should Own Behold, the 11 items that should be in every 50-year-old's closet
11 Homemade Beauty Recipes For Dry Skin, Rough Heels, Cracked Cuticles & More Rough elbows and heels What you'll need
Makeup Artist & Cancer Survivor Jan Ping Shares Beauty Tips For Chemo Patients Get inspired by another brave woman, Talia Joy Castellano, a makeup maven who created numerous YouTube tutorials as she battled
10 Dating Lessons From the Government Shutdown While Washington may have been deadlocked, your relationship doesn't have to be! Here's hoping these 10 dating lessons from the government shutdown can help you put your dating life back to work.
The Best Fast Fashion Store More of our favorite stores
One Thing Kim Kardashian's Doing Right (That Makes Us Really Love Her) Sure, she may have had a slip up or two when she was pregnant, but the woman's body was changing -- cut her some slack. Who
12 Things Only Girls With Straight Hair Will Understand Then there are some hair truths all women can agree on
8 Winter Essentials Guys Should Just Go Ahead And Buy Now A thermos. You're not the only one who's temperature needs regulating. Keep that coffee from icing with a portable container
Stunning Melissa Clearly there is much more going on here than an image of a stunning Melissa McCarthy being wrapped in a luxuriously divine and on trend boxy cashmere Marina Rinaldi coat.
What People With Rosacea Need To Know About Concealing Redness & Treating Flare-Ups Mineral makeup formulas make for a more natural look. Many women with rosacea rely on mineral makeup. Denno explained, \It's
Prince George And The Queen Officially Share A Fashion Designer Queen Elizabeth II, 1926
Petroleum Jelly May Not Be As Harmless As You Think People suffering from skin conditions like acne and rosacea should stay away from petroleum jelly altogether, since such
Jennifer Lawrence's Elle France Cover Harkens Back To Her Abercrombie Days (PHOTOS) Jennifer's Elle France cover, October 2013
Princess Estelle Is The Most Enthusiastic Tennis Spectator We've Ever Seen (PHOTOS) It runs in the family
Lena Dunham Vogue Cover In The Works? Here Are 7 Reasons We Hope The Rumors Are True 6. Featuring a regular, non-model figure like Lena's would do wonders for our body image. (Take that, New York Times!) C'mon
7 Shoes Men Can Wear In The Rain Without Looking Like They're Going Fly-Fishing Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Girls
'Mighty Purse' Charges Your Phone On The Go (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
The Trending Fall Patterns And Prints On Instagram This Week (PHOTOS) Patterns, plaids and mixed prints are everywhere during the fall season, but this particular month we've been seeing more
There's Plenty Of Bold Lipstick Inspiration In This Week's Best And Worst Beauty (PHOTOS) BEST
We Can't Believe All The Great Items On This Week's Cheap Celeb Finds (PHOTOS) This week, Mindy Kaling showed off an insanely cool leather jacket that only cost $42, while Lily Collins showed us how to
Queen Elizabeth, Princess Beatrice Enjoy A Day At The Races (PHOTOS) Check out the ladies' stylish looks below. Are they British Champions or what? Princess Beatrice has come a long way
Jenna Lyons' Style Icon Is Not Who You Might Think While one might expect Jenna to single out a champion pattern-clasher like Solange or a low-key prep like Katie Holmes, she
Helen Mirren, Rita Ora In Same Dolce & Gabbana Dress Still, we have to ask
Ralph Lauren's 'The Dog Walk' Turns Our Furry Friends Into Models For A Good Cause (VIDEO) \We wanted to find a creative way to bring our love of dogs to the Internet age, and we had this second mission, to highlight
This Little Dogue Is the New Vogue Cover Model And More Tweets Of The Week Meanwhile, Hilary Duff gets sassy with her red lips, Chloe Moretz shows off her sparkly nails... and without fail, Chrissy
These Celebrities Had The Coolest Accessories Of The Week (PHOTOS) You heard it here first, mules are about to have a major moment. If Ashley Olsen is wearing them, then it must be true. Ashley
TOMS Introduces Boots That Look A Lot Like UGGs (PHOTOS) [h/t SheFinds] PHOTOS
There's Mercury In Your Mascara, And The UN Is OK With That Mascara is such a troublemaker... This leaves lash-enthusiasts in a strange boat, having to choose between the high-volume
Sweet Potatoes, Pumpkin Seeds & More Fall Foods To Make You Look Gorgeous Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram. (For everything
Kate Middleton Plays Volleyball In Wedges At First Solo Appearance Since Giving Birth (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Bra Commercial Banned After Claims Of Being 'Degrading And Demeaning To Women' \The ad was discriminatory towards women and in very poor taste. It was highly inappropriate and had nothing to do with lingerie
Kerry Washington's Neutrogena Gig Might Just Give Us Her Glowing Skin, Too It's no wonder Neutrogena chose Kerry
Terry Richardson Change.org Petition Calls For Industry Insiders To Stop Hiring Him On the heels of directing Miley Cyrus' controversial \Wrecking Ball\ video and shooting her NSFW photos seen 'around the
Southern Heat Will Not Keep Me From Fall Fashion I pull out an eclectic array of faux fur vests, and then comes the obligatory medley of opaque tights. Needless to say, jackets with a fall-feel are a must in this pivotal point in my seasonal redux. My classic leather moto jacket is definitely a survivor.
There Is A Whole Lot Of Skin On This Week's Worst-Dressed List (PHOTOS) This shade of yellow is really highlighting Olivia's strange orange skin. Next time the star has a bad fake tan, she should
These Best-Dressed Stars Seriously Shone This Week (PHOTOS) Meanwhile, Sandra Bullock continued to hit it out of the park in an incredibly sexy lace dress (this lady is one to watch
This Incredible Video Shows You How To Cover Up Acne The key to success
7 Gross Grooming Mistakes Men Make At Work 5. Untidy facial hair \Pick a style and go for it,\ Lauren says. \Once you have a job, it's not about experimenting, where
Chilli Of TLC Back in the day, the girl group TLC was known for its members' wild fashions -- but not wild in a Miley Cyrus sense. The
Rita Hayworth's Red Hair Color Is Still The Shade We Want To Copy Why we love it
Melissa McCarthy's Elle Cover Backlash Prompts Statement From The Magazine Melissa McCarthy's Elle cover, part of the magazine's Women in Hollywood cover series, features a striking gray winter coat
'Mindy Project' Costume Designer Costume designer Salvador Perez, Jr. is the man responsible for all the outfits worn by Kaling that we have fallen in love
What the Hell Is BB Cream? I called a few middle-aged girlfriends for an impromptu survey. \What is BB Cream? Have you heard of it?\ Yes, they had, pondered the subject for a minute, suggested Bad Boy, Buster Brown, Bugs Bunny and Beautiful Bimbo Cream.
Queen Mathilde Of Belgium's Hat Is Giving Us Pause (PHOTOS, POLL) Are you a fan of this outfit or do you think the look falls flat? At a formal visit to the Belgian city of Ghent on Wednesday
Yasmin Le Bon On Fashion's Love Of Young Models Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. \These
Don't You Hate Men? Now Don't You? Aren't They Just Too Stupid for Words? We cannot have it both ways. If we want to be respected and loved, we have to respect and love.
Master The Winged Eyeliner Look With This 5-Step Tutorial (VIDEO, PHOTOS) Step 5
Emily Ratajkowski Of 'Blurred Lines' Fame Lands Rag & Bone Campaign Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Get
The Olsens' 'Full House' Wardrobe Included Chanel And Marc Jacobs, Apparently (PHOTOS) Yah, we're still not 100 percent convinced, either. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr
22 Things Under $100 That Every Man Should Have In His Closet 7. Brown leather dress shoes Black shoes are great, but they simply don't match as many things as brown shoes. A great pair
12 Comfy-Chic Jeweled Sweatshirts Is it just us, or are jeweled sweatshirts totally the grown-up equivalent of those bedazzled sweaters our moms made us wear
Atea Oceanie What made you want to start Atea? Since I split my time between staying at home writing and traveling and attending events
The Simple Thing You Can Do Every Day To Look Young \If you leave the house without sunscreen, you might as well be naked.\ -- Meghan McCain \We talk about skin health, and
This Is The Craziest Halloween Makeup Tutorial You've Ever Seen (VIDEO) Halloween makeup can get pretty crazy-looking, but we've never seen something quite like this. Who knew? Want more? Be sure
8 Dermatologist Tips for Healthier Hair Bad news for modern women
How To Wear Stackable Rings Without Looking Like Mr. T And the best thing about this trend? You probably don't need to buy anything new to try it out. Just load on the rings you
The Schlub Effect They usually start their days off by waking up with some sort of complaint about life. Grab yesterday's clothing, maybe brush
Haircuts and Color Solve the Debt Ceiling Crisis! f I had a wish and a dream, it would be to get Congress in my salon.  It would be difficult to argue with each other while John Boehner is getting a \conservative, side part to the right,\ and Nancy Pelosi is receiving cover for mother nature \highlights.\
Does 2-In-1 Shampoo Really Work? Cosmetic Chemists Take On The Beauty Myth More beauty myths that we've debunked (or proven true)
Sperry Top-Sider Debuts Clothing Line, Giving Us Something To Wear Our Boat Shoes With The clothing, to be produced by LF USA, veers sporty, with windbreakers, chunky knit sweaters and stretchy knits. The colors
Katy Perry's Cover Girl Debut Doesn't Exactly 'Roar' Welcome to the club, Katy Perry! The \Roar\ singer knows a thing or two about makeup -- it's not like your average gal is
5 Hacks For When Your Hair Tie Goes Missing Do your best sock-hopper impression! If you're really at a loss for hair tools, you can use that snapped hair elastic. Though
Kylie Jenner, Kendall Jenner In Firing Line Of Model Caroline D'Amore's Middle Finger LOOK
11 Fashion Essentials Every 40-Something Should Own 10. Expensive, comfortable flats. Let's be honest, heels are uncomfortable. Flats are the way to go. Do your feet a favor
Speak Up With Jimmy Miss Universe 1997 Brook Lee joins me to speak about the need for more diversity in images of beauty and in media. Brook also talks about her favorite Asian-American media personalities, such as comedian Alec Mapa and actress Amy Hill.
Why Your Thong May Be Bad For Your Health But is the skimpy underwear really bad for our health? We called up Dr. Jill M. Rabin, an Associate Professor of Clinical
7 Genius Gadgets and Natural Products to Replace the Chemicals in Your Beauty Cabinet From all-natural solutions for the products you can't go without, to chemical-free gadgets that get the job done sans creams and lotions, next up, seven grooming solutions that will replace those toxic chemicals in your cabinet!
The 5 Best Fashion Apps And Sites To Help You Organize Your Closet CONS
The Lexington New York City -- Old New York Meets New New York The Lexington New York City grand opening was celebrated by the art and fashion world. The historic and stylish landmark midtown Manhattan hotel was originally opened in 1929 and re-opened after a $46 million renovation.
These Stylish Dogs On Instagram Dress Better Than We Do (PHOTOS) Scroll down for some insanely cute snaps. Some more of our favorite Instagram accounts
21 Beauty Secrets Southern Belles Swear By Anything you'd like to add? Tweet @HuffPostBeauty using #southernbellebeautysecrets. 20. \Rose water and glycerin misted
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds GET READY, GET SET, BID!!! As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any
The Skin-Care Mistakes You're Making We like to think of our complexions as an angsty teen
5 Surprising Uses For Pumpkin (None Of Which Are Lattes) Here are five guilt-free uses for pumpkin
Miranda Kerr Does Yoga, Skincare At The Same Time (PHOTO) When you're model-slash-mother-slash-businesswoman Miranda Kerr, it must often seem like 24 hours simply isn't enough time
Treat Your Wardrobe Like a Financial Portfolio Super busy women don't have time to traffic in trends. They need power basics that can weather anything from the carpool lane to the cocktail party.
16 Things Only Girls With Bangs Will Understand You're terrified of your forehead -- or, as Tyra calls it, your \fivehead.\ But nothing is scarier than an unexpected rainstorm
The Worst Sexy Halloween Costume More inappropriate Halloween costumes
Sarah Wells, Gardener & Florist, Never Washes Her Face And Still Has Amazing Skin \I have a rule
2xist 2014 Spring Fashion Show The underwear collection featured the best thing we can ask from a company
Lauren Conrad's Wedding Is Going To Be The Most Stylish Thing Ever She can pull off major hair accessories. (Veil, anyone?) She looks great posing in long dresses. She's already mastered flower
Kate Winslet's Vogue Cover Is Unbelievable -- Literally (PHOTOS) This isn't the first time Kate's been retouched; back in 2003, a heavily edited Winslet covered GQ, and the actress publicly
7 Signs That Your Hair Is Getting Older (VIDEO, PHOTOS) Dull hair color Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram
Met Gala Tickets Get More Expensive To Make Event 'Even More Exclusive' The Vogue editor already personally approves each guest, including each designer's dates. But hey, a $25,000 ticket price
Prince George's Godparents Are Non-Royal College Pals Of Kate And William It was only one month ago... The palace has neither confirmed nor denied the report, and the Daily Express wrote this weekend
Daniel Radcliffe's Flaunt Fantasy Shoot Is Even More Imaginative Than 'Harry Potter' (PHOTOS) Daniel's dressed as quite the dandy on the cover in a velvet green blazer, patterned tie and patterned shirt. [Ed. note
12 Grooming Rules For The Office All Working Women Should Know 2. Make sure your skin tone is even, i.e. grab that foundation. Or BB cream or CC cream or tinted moisturizer or whatever
Ralph Lauren's Jeans Apparently Match Everything (PHOTOS) Why we love it
Louboutin Wins Lawsuit Against Anti-Islam Group (PHOTOS) Posters featured a back view of former Miss Belgium and current senator Anke Vandermeersch's bare legs, outfitted in Louboutin's
Louis Vuitton City Bags All images courtesy Rizzoli NY. Speedy, biodiversity Photo \u00a9 Nick Veasey, 2013 The first comprehensive taxonomy of Louis
Lara Stone's L'Oreal Contract Cements Her Role As The New Claudia Schiffer Check out L'Oreal's new gal
Emma Watson Shows How to Wear White After Labor Day Watson adds a futuristic touch to an otherwise classic ensemble in honor of this outer space film.
Kristen Wiig, Hannah Simone And More In This Week's Best And Worst Beauty (PHOTOS) WORST
Selena Gomez's $58 Jacket Is The Best Cheap Celeb Find Of The Week (PHOTOS) This week, we spotted dozens of celebs wearing items we want in our closets... right now. Though many carried big designer
Amy Adams' Prabal Gurung Premiere Dress Came Straight Off The Runway (PHOTOS) While the dress is meant for warmer temps (celebrities tend to defy conventional seasons), you can nod to the fresh catwalk
Louis Vuitton On Nicolas Ghesqui\u00e8re Takeover In the meantime, we'll cross our fingers and wait patiently for any news. Are you rooting for Ghesqui\u00e8re? Once \confirmation
The Cutest Ways To Wear Rain Boots, Thanks To Instagram (PHOTOS) Celebs love rain boots, too
Khloe Kardashian's Chanel Necklace Makes Her Outfit & More Accessories Of The Week (PHOTOS) Laura's dress alone is stunning, but the belt helps to define her figure and to make the look fashion gold. Kate Walsh's
Real Women Copy Rihanna's Denim Look, Mindy Kaling On Shoes & More Tweets Of The Week We are never let down in the Twitter world -- there's always something random or ridiculous going on. In this week's news
Princess Eugenie Living In New York, Already Eating Pizza Like A Local (PHOTOS) If you need us, we'll be out combing the city streets for another royal sighting. We're really good tour guides, Eugenie
Connie Britton's ASOS Dress Is Wallet-Friendly (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
This Legs Photoshop Fail Is Quite A Stretch (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Michael Kors For Goop Proves Gwyneth Paltrow Is Serious About Fashion When two superpowers unite in fashion, it's more than just the stars aligning
Olivia Culpo, Miss Universe, Could Face 2 Years In Jail For Taj Mahal Photo Shoot The Rhode Island native set off on a 10-day trip to India last month. Her visit was focused on celebrating female empowerment
Christian Louboutin's Nude Shoe Collection Accommodates More Than One Skin Tone (PHOTOS) As Kate Middleton taught us with her now-iconic L.K. Bennett pumps, nude high heels work wonders to elongate a woman's leg
The Olsen Twins' Homemade Hair Trick Is Too Easy Not To Try They do have nice hair
We Wish Men Still Dressed As Dapper As Duke Ellington Did 7. A bachelor's wardrobe isn't complete without a smoking jacket robe -- and you get extra cool points if you can pull off
Add New Facets to Your Personality With Perfumes Obviously, there are plenty of perfumes characterized by an incredible versatility, but sometimes it's better to focus on the ones that do a single thing.
See The Plastic Bra That Protected The Freedom-Fighting Breasts Of WWII Women (PHOTO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Dubbed
Beauty Queens, Ballerinas And More Glamorous Women Who Do Their Own Makeup Models We were stunned to find out that the beauty queens at Miss America do all their own makeup backstage. Kelly Richardson
4 Kick-Ass Halloween Costume DIYs Halloween is the great divider of holidays
You Won't Believe How Much These Fashion Editors Spend On Their Outfits (VIDEO) To be a fashion editor, one must have excellent taste -- but does that mean expensive taste? For Anna Dello Russo and Giovanna
Jennifer Hudson Can Do No Wrong In A LWD On Our Best-Dressed List This Week (PHOTOS) Check out our picks for best-dressed and let us what you think. Though there were many A-listers who deserved gold stars
Why A French Braid Is The Perfect Rainy Day Hairstyle So what's the one hairstyle that can weather the storm? A French braid. Here in the Northeast, we're getting slammed with
Sienna Miller Looks Like She Is Wearing A Bed Sheet On This Week's Worst-Dressed List (PHOTOS) Kristen Wiig More stars who missed the mark
Amazon's Luxury Beauty Store Is Exciting News For Cosmetics Lovers Get ready to drop a whole lot of cash on cosmetics -- Amazon.com has just received a shipment of Burberry, NARS, Deborah
Men's Fashion Men's style on the street in Portland is all about layering for the fast pace change in weather during the autumn season.
The Best Nail Art Ideas For Halloween There are plenty of new Halloween nail sets that just launched, but we're going a step further and giving you plenty of spooky
Celebs Who Are Already Wearing The Spring '14 Collections What if your definition of shopping was less trolling the mall and web and more sitting front row at a fashion show, taking
New York Designers You Should Know About These days, it's hard to come by a label that touts \Made in the USA,\ and don't even mention \Made in NYC.\ Read more on
8 Rules Thin Guys Should Know For Getting Dressed 6. Buy clothes that fit. It might be tempting to buy clothes that are a bit loose in order to hide your shape. But in reality
I'm a Dandy! No, I'm Not.  A New Book Ponders the Cravated Conundrum Hitting shops this month is a new book on those gentleman nobody is ever sure what to do with, the Dandy. As someone labeled such, I have heard the confusion. \Say, why are you so dressed up?\
Lena Auerbuch, PR Associate, Shows Us Her Trick To Applying Liquid Eyeliner When we spotted Lena Auerbuch walking around our office, we could tell she knew a thing or two about makeup. Between her
Jennifer Hudson And Julianne Hough Prove One Dress Can Work For All (PHOTOS) The answer is yes -- even women with very different styles and shapes. Julianne Hough and Jennifer Hudson proved this perfectly
Abercrombie Clothes 'Designed To Be Widely Offensive On Purpose,' Says Former Employee That strategy has not only proved problematic, with Abercrombie recently pulling a shirt that took a jab at Taylor Swift
Trending Halloween Costumes Of 2013 Include 'Great Gatsby'... And Miley According to Google Shopping's data, the top trending costume searches for this year's holiday are
Katie Holmes Talks 'Dawson's Creek' Beauty Secrets, Avocado Hair Masks & Ombre Gone Wrong I wish I had the eyes for a cat-eye. I don't know. I want that dramatic look like\u2026 Sophia Loren and the lashes. I got the
Verily Magazine's No-Photoshop Policy Proves It Can Be Done Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. The
9 Things Only Redheads Would Understand Here, we've rounded up some of the things only redheads (natural and bottled) would understand. That said, choosing an outfit
The Pink Coat From The Runway I'm Coveting... And The High-Street Version I'll Actually Buy (PHOTOS) Unfortunately, the $2,000+ price tags on these bad boys falls just slightly outside of my budget. But thanks to stores like
The Best Shoe Sites For Gals With Large Feet For most women, shoe shopping is an exciting experience. Shoes look good no matter what you just ate, and hey, you can never
13 Outfit Offenders You Should Never Date This man is the lazy one who didn't bother fully changing his clothes after waking up or after hitting the gym. 2. The guy
Which Shoes Are The Worst For Your Feet? (INFOGRAPHIC) Rain can cause a moist environment, plus rainboots tend to be made of Latex or other thick, non-breathable materials. \You
Tanning Beds Banned For Models In Liverpool Fashion Week Amanda Moss, Liverpool Fashion Week's organizer, tells the Telegraph that Liverpudlians are the first in the runway world
Princess Charlene's Ralph Lauren Fashion Show Appearance Is Beyond Glam (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. The
Nordstrom Ups Its Fashion Game With Pop-Up Shops Featuring Proenza Schouler, Rodarte Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. The
Miss Universe Olivia Culpo Under Fire In India For Taj Mahal Footwear Photo Shoot \Throughout her reign, the Miss Universe Organization continually creates video diaries of our titleholder to keep fans and
Happy Socks Releases Best Sock Ad Campaign Ever (PHOTOS) After taking a look at these photos, we can honestly say that we'll be buying what they're selling. \It was really about
John Lennon's Glasses Find Life After The Beatle's Death (PHOTO) Why we love it
Ballet Dancers Explain Those Signature Leotards, Leg Warmers And Other Style Secrets Janie Taylor These nuances are just some of the ways ballet dancers can express their style in a week packed with up to 7
How to Be One of Those People I want to talk to you about the courage it takes to be one of \those people.\ Visit me at www.elegantfemme.com; for more
3 Reasons You Should Try Oil Pulling It can lead to a healthy, glowing complexion. Because oil pulling involves \pulling\ germs and toxins in the mouth that often
Braid Bars The verdict
The Wildest Celeb Halloween Costumes From Heidi Klum's legendary costumes for her annual fete to Roberto Cavalli done up as Karl Lagerfeld, here's proof that big personalities, big costume budgets, and big Halloween parties yield some truly amazing, and amazingly bizarre results.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds This eclectic mix of designer and non-designer vintage clothing and accessories caught my discerning eye because of its uniqueness
How to Tell If Your Online Date Is a Liar The desire to fit into a search, or idealize who we want to be ends up in many online dating profiles and social networking sites. Are singles worldwide really that insecure? Do you want to date someone who has lied about their age, height, income, job, marital status and more?
Coco Rocha's Harper's Bazaar Cover Looks Like It's Vogue-Inspired (PHOTOS) Coco's quite the model
Kate Middleton's Nude Pumps Made It Easy For Us All To Be Princesses Trends come and go, but some fashions never go out of style. In our new series, we're paying homage to the signature items
The World's Most Interesting Fashion While editors and glitterati are wrapping things up at the European shows, on the opposite side of the world, I just experienced the most exciting fashion show ever. To categorize the World of Wearable Arts as a fashion show is not telling because it is so much more.
Debora Spar, Barnard President And even when women's clothing toes the line perfectly, it still gets talked about more than men's. \In some ways, the female
Lane Bryant Announces First-Ever Designer Collaboration With Isabel And Ruben Toledo In the meantime, check these stores out
32 Percent Never Shop For Clothing Online, Poll Finds If the cream of the online crop is receiving strong criticism, it's no wonder folks are stepping away from their computers
A Green Can Opener Sold in 1977 Opened the World to Home Shopping An avocado green can electric opener sold on the radio in Clearwater Florida in 1977 was the birth of at-home shopping.
Underwear As Outerwear You remember when you were younger and your mom told you never to leave the house wearing dirty or unseemly underwear? She was right.
Jada Pinkett Smith's Shaved Head Is Least Mom-y Mom Haircut Ever (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. As
Beauty From Ashes As we listened to speakers and looked through images of the disaster, I was so very impressed by the grace and beauty with which the people of Iwate functioned even in times of devastation.
Monae Everett, Celebrity Makeup Artist & Hairstylist, Talks Breaking Into The Industry, Homemade Hair Recipes & More A wealth of knowledge for upcoming makeup artists and hairstylists.
10 Outfit Ideas For This Tricky Transition Fall Weather (PHOTOS) Thankfully, we can look to ladies on the streets of New York for inspiration on how to look cool and maintain a reasonable
Overstock Photoshop Fail Sells Us A Gravity-Defying Bag (PHOTOS) At last, Overstock.com offers the handbag that holds itself up
Scarlett Johansson, Matthew McConaughey Look Like The Perfect Couple (PHOTO) Add this one to the list
This DIY Vodka Facial Mist Will Shake Up Your Skincare Routine (VIDEO) Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram. (For everything
Versace, M.I.A. Team Up For Collaboration Based On Versace Knockoffs Last November, M.I.A. spilled the beans she had a project in the works with Versace -- well, it wasn't so much spilling the
Princess Madeleine, Princess Victoria Shop In Skinny Jeans In New York City (PHOTOS) Madeleine's pre-pregnancy style
Christie Brinkley's HairUWear Wig Line Will Hopefully Give You Supermodel Locks The supermodel unveiled her Hair2Wear Christie Brinkley Collection, which includes 10 wigs and nine hairpieces, last week
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley To Diet Advice From Agent Yet Rosie is hopeful for today's rising class of models. Thanks to an increase in press coverage, not to mention their own
Kate Moss For Topshop Is Back On For Spring 2014 After 3-Year Hiatus Kate Moss is back in the design game, reuniting with Topshop to have another go at her eponymous line. Lest you've forgotten
Cressida Bonas To Marry Prince Harry, Friends Tell The Press If you take your girlfriend to a James Blunt concert and a showing of \The Book Of Mormon\ in one week, does that mean she's
Dress Socks They make those painful boots more comfortable. If you're like us, fall's the time to break in your new leather boots. Dress
Plus-Size Women Prefer The Term 'Curvy,' Poll Finds The demand for plus-size clothing is growing, with 60 percent of American women now identifying with the plus-size market
These Are Our Favorite Instagram Accounts For Fall Style Inspiration (PHOTOS) More photos to double-tap
Kerry Washington, Kate Upton And More In This Week's Best And Worst Beauty (PHOTOS) We can't help but gasp over the gorgeous red carpet looks the \Gravity\ star has been wearing these past few weeks. And this
Miranda Kerr's Mango Jeans Are The Best Cheap Celeb Find Of The Week (PHOTOS) Fashion Week Month is officially over, and that means we no longer have to watch thousand-dollar dresses come down the runway
Pretty Is, Well, Pretty Important to Me Somewhere along the road to adulthood I discovered what being pretty could accomplish for me and I used it to my advantage. I found out that, no matter how much effort had to go into achieving it, I liked being pretty and better yet, thought of as pretty. It worked well for me.
Diddy's Daughters Model In Runway Debut (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Prince Harry's Australia Tour Acquaints The Royal With Prime Minister's Daughters (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Harry
Katy Perry's Chanel Purse Is On Our Wish List & More Accessories Of The Week (PHOTOS) This week, some of Hollywood's biggest stars showed us just how crucial great accessories really are. Ciara wore a sweet
Demi Lovato's Nail Polish Line Has Us Revisiting Her Best Manis (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Like
Freida Pinto's Vogue India Cover Is Dark And Dramatic (PHOTOS) Freida's no stranger to style
Kerry Washington, Best-Dressed Star, Admits To Wearing Sweatpants \My goal has never been to wind up on anybody's list and it's just to have a good time and make sure that I'm happy when
Rachel Zoe In A Sombrero, Tory Burch With A Giant Bird And More Tweets Of The Week This week on Twitter, we kept tabs on all of our favorite designers. Believe it or not, Fashion Week Month finally ended
6 Things Women Should Stop Saying When They Get Dressed Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. \This
8 Must Have Beauty Products for Fall October is here which means cool weather is around the corner and you need to be prepared! I'm not talking down coats and knit hats... Boring. I'm talking hydrated skin, super smoky eyes and statement lips. Obviously.
3 Bad Habits That Are Making Your Skin Age Faster (VIDEO) \I think we should embrace our age no matter what it is -- the goal is to feel and look as healthy as possible,\ adds Dr
Beverly Johnson Had To Take A Typing Test To Land Her First Glamour Cover (PHOTO) \A friend who was convinced I should be a model got me an appointment at Glamour. They told me to take a typing test, but
The Best Street Style From Paris Fashion Week As usual, we\u2019ve saved the best for last\u2013even though Paris is at the end of the packed fashion month schedule, it never falls
Is Prince Harry Eyeing Tony Abbott's Daughters? Aussies Gleeful At The Prospect What a charmer
Rafferty Law, Jude Law's Son, Stars In Fashion Film Because Sure (VIDEO) Rafferty Law essentially won the genetic lottery, with Jude Law for a dad and Sadie Frost for a mom. But he's not just cute
Alicia Silverstone In The '90s Pretty Much Owned Our Wardrobes We considered chokers must-have accessories. Admit it
Kim Kardashian's Max Mara Coat Is Actually The Must-Have Coat This Fall (PHOTOS) How to get your own
Aloha Shirts Below, 14 celebrities who make the style work on any day of the week and far beyond the islands' coasts. Musician Macklemore
Naomi Campbell Shows Corporate America How To Wear A Suit On This Week's Best-Dressed List (PHOTOS) This dress could have easily skewed bridal, but the Czech model knew how to make it look high-fashion instead. The midi-length
Christina Hendricks Wears A Frumpy Floral Dress On This Week's Worst-Dressed List (PHOTOS) Okay, is this a new trend we aren't aware of? Layering tops underneath dresses? It appears as though Katy Perry put a billowy
Celebs You Should Be Following on Instagram Lately, I've been waking up with Gisele. Every day, one of the world's \u00adhighest-paid supermodels greets me with a beaming smile and an ebullient \Good morning!\ -- sometimes while she's striking a yoga pose.
How To Nail Fall Trends You\u2019ve mastered the minidress, you\u2019re a wizard of the white tee, and you\u2019re a certified jean genius. Read more on Refinery29
The Hair To Try This Season Sideswept hair has long been considered the epitome of glamour on the red carpet, but now the look is getting a 21st-century
Does A Pope Francis-Inspired Cologne Smell Holy? Watch Our Reactions The clear cologne is actually the third papal scent created by Excelsis Fine Fragrances. There's \The Pope's Cologne,\ a
S.W. Basics Body Scrub Could Get You A Boyfriend S.W. Basics of Brooklyn Body Scrub, $22, swbasicsofbk.com Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter
'Scandal' Costume Designer Lyn Paolo On Changing Olivia Pope's White Suit Of Armor (PHOTOS) Olivia pops up in the Season 3 sneak peek sporting yet another standout white piece, a Burberry Prorsum Double Duchess Caped
3 Ways To Style Your Hair When You Don't Have Time To Blow-Dry Once you've got your locks all prepped, then you're ready to begin the styling process. Below are three wet hairstyle options
8 Items That Will Transform Your Fall Wardrobe Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. 8
Ruby Katilius, Costume Designer, And Her Trick To Making Thin Hair Look Thicker \I have thin hair so to texturize it, I use a sea salt lavender spray,\ the costume designer told us. \I've made it myself
What We Can Learn From Dressing I understand my body now in ways I never did before. I don't fear it, I don't avoid it and I feel like I can converse with it through dressing and clothing. And I'm much happier now that we're on speaking terms again.
10 Outfit Regrets Guaranteed To Make The Rest Of Your Day Awkward Regret #4
Former Model Several other models are already doing their part to draw attention to the problem. From the model who said she's seen girls
Even Blake Lively Gets Confused By Fashion's Mixed-Up Seasons Unfortunately, September is still pretty warm, meaning the spring clothes on the runway look pretty similar to the ones we're
Beyonce's Marie Claire Australia Cover Is Actually From Vogue UK (PHOTOS) And so does Marie Claire Australia. The glossy chose the very same image for its November 2013 cover, mere months after the
Cover Up Everything you need to know about applying concealer -- the right way. Under-eye circles, dark spots, zits -- we all have the need to cover things up from time to time. After all, no complexion is perfect 24/7.
What to Pack to Look Chic While Travelling Aureta Thomollari does not dress down to travel, on the contrary, she amps up the level of sophistication and glamour to make her experiences around the world even more meaningful.
Princess Charlene's Lipstick Brightens Up The Royal's Fashion Reputation (PHOTOS) We're used to seeing Charlene a little differently
Marc Jacobs Quits Louis Vuitton To Concentrate On IPO Clearly, Marc Jacobs dwarfs them all. According to WWD, \LVMH officials believe the Marc Jacobs business could explode given
Claire Danes' British Vogue Cover Totally Beats Her American One (PHOTOS, POLL) The soft lighting, the elegant yet edgy styling and the subdued hair and makeup of Claire Danes' new British Vogue cover
Donna Karan's Secret To Success \One of our greatest gifts is our intuition. It is a sixth sense we all have -- we just need to learn to tap into and trust
Samantha Cameron's ASOS Dress Fits Our Budget... But Her Accessories Don't (PHOTOS) Dressing up an outfit with a high-end statement belt? Our FLOTUS would be proud. Still, we're sure we'll continue to see
Jennifer Lawrence Jennifer Lawrence is our body image hero.
Curvy Girl Lingerie's Super Bowl Commercial Could Bring Plus-Sizes To Millions Of Viewers Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Enter
Kate Upton's Latest Sports Illustrated Cover Doesn't Feature A Swimsuit (PHOTO) For SI's Oct. 7 issue, Kate pays tribute to baseball... without a bikini in sight. The 21-year-old stunner joins Braves players
The 10 Most Important Collections From Paris Fashion Week (PHOTOS) Valentino With news breaking this morning that Marc Jacobs is officially leaving Louis Vuitton, his last collection for the
Star Designers Flying Under the Radar Art is said to be goal directed play with the objective of making objects meaningful and supporting ceremony. If so, designers
Lena Dunham's Fashion Week Debut Is A Major Style Step For The Actress (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Welcome
14 Chic Jumpsuits To Live In This Fall There\u2019s no garment that makes getting dressed in the a.m. more effortless than a jumpsuit. And, luckily for fans of the adult
What Inspires Me For decades, the glamorous stars of film, music, politics and the society set have traveled to Vouliagmeni, Greece to experience the calm and serenity of this elegant hideaway.
Tall Guys, Listen Up So to all the tall glasses of water out there, we've got seven simple rules for you to navigate the world of getting dressed
11 Fashion Essentials Every 30-Something Should Own So you've made it past your trying twenties. You've hopefully invested in a black blazer for important job interviews, a
North West's Designer Clothes Are Going To Give Blue Ivy A Run For Her Money (PHOTOS) Kim and Kanye's daughter has been gifted a custom Bambi tee from Givenchy's Riccardo Tisci, a black leather dress from Alexander
Lily Collins' Lancome Gig Confirms She's The New Emma Watson You can expect to see Collins promoting Lanc\u00f4me's French Ballerine collection starting in January. Don't know who Lily Collins
5 Skin Tips to Take You From Summer Into Fall Now that fall's officially here, everybody keep your cool -- I'll teach you how to keep that glow even though the humidity in the air has lifted.
Saint Laurent's Front Row Brought Lenny Kravitz, France's First Lady Together (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Proof Queen Maxima Can Make Literally Any Event Stylish (PHOTOS) Leave it to Queen Maxima to actually make a pension awareness event interesting. The stylish royal did exactly that on Tuesday
Rent The Runway App Allows You To Match Your Dress To Anything If you prefer online shopping the traditional way
11 Beauty Lessons You Can Take Away From The Ridiculously Wacky Paris Runways Chalayan Spring 2014 None of these wild makeup looks and hairstyles would translate into the real world. (Trust us, we've
Miranda Kerr The supermodel covers the November issue of Cosmopolitan, embodying the picture-perfect image she speaks about in the magazine
7 Amazing Facts About Tomatoes It turns out that tomatoes contain vitamins, minerals and antioxidants that work wonders when you slice them open and put
Chanel Graffiti By Kidult Appears On Store Before Runway Show (PHOTOS) Kidult spray-painted Chanel's Paris storefront this past weekend, smack dab in the middle of Paris Fashion Week and just
Keeping Classics Relevant at Stonehill College The two main stigmas attached to Beantown style are either an entire wardrobe of Red Sox, Bruins, Celtics and Patriots gear, or a wardrobe that would envy someone of the Ralph Lauren clan.
Blowouts If only it had looked like this at the end... The verdict
Kate Upton Graces Chanel's Front Row At Paris Fashion Week (PHOTOS) Now that Kate's received the official stamp of approval from Anna Wintour, Carine Roitfeld and Karl Lagerfeld, we think it's
Younger? Better? Or Not? What Plastic Surgeries Really Make a Difference A recent study published in JAMA Facial Plastic Surgery made some headlines with \surprising\ results of one surgeon's cosmetic rejuvenative surgical procedures and how they made almost no impact on the patients' attractiveness and minimal impact on how youthful they looked.
Celebrities In Lingerie And now, the buxom brunette is launching a new line of lingerie geared at getting women into sexy skivvies while also feeling
Ivanka Trump Models What Might Be The Most Stylish Maternity Wear (PHOTOS) Talk about a woman that does it all -- not only does Ivanka rock this glamorous maternity style on the front page of FitPregnancy
Jane Birkin's Wicker Basket Might Just Top Her Namesake Herm\u00e8s Bag (PHOTO) Why we love it
Whitney Thompson Of 'Top Model' Fame Lands Plus-Size Lingerie Campaign (PHOTOS) More plus-size role models
Kim Kardashian Dines With Andre Leon Talley At Paris Fashion Week (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Witness
Maksim Chmerkovskiy, Kate Upton Dating? Pair Seen Holding Hands In NYC Sources allegedly confirmed to E! News that the two are dating after months of speculation. Earlier this month, however, Upton
Miranda Kerr Returns To The Runway For Stella McCartney In Paris (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. PHOTOS
Why You Should Be Cautious Of Taking Biotin For Your Hair, Skin & Nails Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram. (For everything
Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet's Hits Paris Fashion Week Amid Campaign For Mayor (PHOTOS) \I like creativity,\ she told Women's Wear Daily about her Fashion Week stint. \This is just for the pleasure of the eyes
Maiyet in Paris Far from the maddening crowds in the Jardin de Tuileries, Maiyet showed a gorgeous spring collection Saturday night at Paris' \u00c9cole des Beaux-Arts.
Lily Collins Wears A Sweatshirt As A Dress To Givenchy Show In Paris (PHOTOS) It was a bold move, particularly for someone who was going to be sitting in the front row of a fashion show. But Collins
Marco Zanini Named Schiaparelli Creative Director, Will Debut First Collection In January Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Schiaparelli
The Art of Salon Conversation My favorite part about owning a salon in New York is the variety of cultural conversation to be had. I love to talk about where to go, what to see, and who to meet.
Charlize Theron's Printed Jeans Are The Best Cheap Celeb Find Of The Week (PHOTOS) With fall well underway, our shopping wish lists have been growing and growing. And thanks to Paris Fashion Week, there are
These Are The Awesomest Shoes You'll See All Week, Thanks To Instagram (PHOTOS) Scroll down to check out Alexa Chung's adorable Jimmy Choos and more! This week on Instagram, we were particularly inspired
Jean Paul Gaultier Puts On 'Dancing With The Stars' Fashion Show In Paris (PHOTOS) More wild looks we saw at Fashion Week this season
Paula Patton, Anna Paquin And More In This Week's Best And Worst Beauty (PHOTOS) BEST
Pippa Middleton Teases Wedding Plans Self-deprecatingly, she also lists her flower woes
Jennifer Aniston, Katie Holmes Wear The Same Shirt (And We Kind Of Want One, Too) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Jen
Cute iPhone 5S Cases Will Protect Your Best Accessory In Style Face it
Salma Hayek's Insanely Cool Sunglasses And More Accessories Of The Week (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Though
Miles Davis In A Leopard Print Tuxedo Is The Definition Of Cool A look back at Miles Davis' jazzy style
Proenza Schouler Approached Anna Wintour For Career Boost See, she's not so scary
One on One With School of Style Co-Founder Lauren Messiah For individuals who just \get\ how to put a look together but are unsure how to turn it into a career, School of Style is the training ground.
What Inspires Me In addition to offering an instant attitude-adjustment, my surroundings are a constant inspiration for my color collections and this area of Greece is brimming with shades and richness that can be used to create gorgeous looks.
FLOTUS Goes Dancing, Hailee Steinfeld Models And More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS) Tweet Tweet! It's finally Saturday and we're here to share our top tweets of the week, as per usual. In lieu of the trending
Anna Dello Russo Copies Gisele's Dress Well, this is awkward
'The Good Wife' Costume Designer Daniel Lawson On Why He Hates Dressing Strong Women As Men (PHOTOS) Can you talk about the transformation of Julianna Margulies' character Alicia over the seasons? My goal is to bring the pin
5 Skincare Secrets To Steal From A Male Model You'd be surprised what you can do with a little table salt and Dove soap.
Val\u00e9rie Trierweiler Drops By Dior Fashion Show After Busy Week (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. We
Worst-Dressed List We want to like this dress, but something is off. Maybe it's the color or perhaps it's the long feather train, but one way
Best-Dressed List Check out our picks for best-dressed and let us what you think. Miranda Kerr in J. Mendel If this dress were black, it would
12 People You Never Knew Posed For Vogue Covers Ali MacGraw, 1970 Madonna, 1989 Bianca Jagger, 1974 Cher, 1974 On the other side of the coin... Taylor Swift, 2012 Janice
Prince George's Christening Date Confirmed By Palace Princess Beatrice, 1988 Prince William, 1982 Prince Charles, 1948 A closer look at the little cutie
How to Have Catwalk Confidence Every Day The best part of dressing your best everyday is getting a huge confidence boost that comes from looking good and feeling great. We walk taller, smile more, speak up in meetings, close more sales and attract more kindness.
Blake Lively Announces Lifestyle Company Similar To Gwyneth Paltrow's GOOP Blake Lively fans, get ready
Brian Lichtenberg Suing Brother Over Designer Parody Shirts The Lichtenberg brothers' famous fans
4 Decades Of YSL, 4-Inspired Outfits We Still Love The iconic house of Saint Laurent is as current and trendsetting as it was 50 years ago when designer Yves Saint Laurent
Katy Perry's Schoolgirl Outfit Is Giving Us 'Clueless' Flashbacks (PHOTOS, POLL) Katy's schoolgirl outfit
Marc Jacobs Out At Louis Vuitton? Industry Sources Spark Rumors Of Designer's Departure He's come a long way... The rumor mill is buzzing about an imminent departure, as Jacobs' contract with Louis Vuitton ends
Zara Phillips' Seraphine Dress Is Second 'Royal Stamp Of Approval' For Maternity Line (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. \We
Garde Robe Closet Storage For One-Percenters Costs More Than Your Entire Wardrobe Doug Greenberg, one of Garde Robe's partners, tells the Times that his clients \are wise enough to protect [their clothing
Creating The Scent of Chicago One of these urban farmers is Joey Smith, Jr. \u00a0\It's an awesome experience,\ he says. \u00a0\I didn't think I'd be doing anything
Lancome DreamTone Gets Me One Step Closer To Achieving A Flawless Complexion Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram. (For everything
The Coconut Oils Behind This Artist's 'Anointing' Skincare Regimen More healthy kitchen staples with beauty benefits
10 Poses to Get You Into Vogue Having paged through my fair share of Vogue s since acquiring my first issue some ten years ago, I've picked up a trick or two. There are certain poses models always do -- poses that are \classic Vogue.\
Unpaid Fashion Internships Are So Last Season Unpaid internships are a staple in the fashion industry. This is because students and recent graduates faced with the competitive job and internship market will do whatever it takes to get their foot in the door. But will unpaid fashion internships soon be a faux pas?
Elements of Autumn This selection of eco-friendly and ethically sourced artisan jewelry was inspired by the Chinese \Five Elements,\ or \Five Phases,\ tradition of body/mind/spirit wellness developed by early Taoist philosophers to interpret rhythms and relationships between the human body and the natural environment.
Will Smith, 'The Fresh Prince' Of Fashion, Turns 45 Gold Member People may not take Will Smith seriously because of his infectious laughter, lighthearted songs and goofy faces
Finding Authenticity in Fashion Authenticity and finding it in the fashion industry seemed to be the running theme during the kickoff of the Fashion in Film series. The series highlighted such industry legends as Iris Apfel and Catherine Martin.
Lena Dunham's Red Carpet Curse Sure, we've all decided on our favorite looks from the Emmy's. Some of us even had opinions before the stars set foot out of their cars. Like me with Lena Dunham. I always know she's going to look mildly disheveled. Is that fair? No. Is it true? Yes.
The 26 Most Awkward Photos Of Mary-Kate And Ashley Olsen Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. More
4 DIY 'Dos To Rework Your Mid-Length Cut Can we talk about how much we love shoulder-grazing hair for a minute? Long bobs have everything going for them \u2014 they\u2019re
The 1950s Screen Sirens Whose Coiffed Curls We Still Love We've seen retro-loving celebrities of today such as Dita von Teese and Katy Perry put their own spin on perfectly coiffed
Urban Outfitters' Halloween Costumes Are Basically Snuggies With Ears (PHOTOS) Choosing a Halloween costume is no easy feat -- we begin throwing out ideas mid-July and still end up panicked (and usually
We Can't Believe Our Eyes With This Handbag Vending Machine (PHOTOS) Hungry for a new handbag? Interview magazine posted a photo to Instagram pulled from their September 2013 issue showing a
Oscar De La Renta Convinced Anna Wintour To Put Hillary Clinton On A Vogue Cover Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. The
Teeki Yoga Pants Are Made Entirely From Recycled Water Bottles Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. We
2013 Emmy Gifting Suites Crystal Light gave out their liquid drink mixes in flavors such as Blackberry Lemonade, Peach Bellini and Mango Passionfruit
13 Signs You Should Put Down The Clothes And Get Out Of The Dressing Room \If I buy two more pairs, I'll get the five-for-$25 deal.\ Buying extra things just to get a deal is not a good deal. Buy
Model Elizarova is still active in the modeling biz, not to mention expanding into the acting world and a new British reality TV
Kendra Spears' Vogue Covers Prove She's The Next Cindy Crawford (PHOTOS) Kendra Spears may be a princess now, but she's still a dead ringer for Cindy Crawford. So will there be more photoshoots
Pippa Middleton's Cocktail Dress Might Ruffle Some Feathers (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. The
Jay Z, Barneys Link Up For 2013 'A New York Holiday' Campaign Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Two
11 Fashion Essentials Every 20-Something Should Own Items we will and won't splurge on
How to (and Not to) Make a Celebrity Style Photo-Face Saying \prune\ instead of \cheese\ is a instant photo-face trick of models and celebrities. Think the Olsen twins' famous pouts.  Just silently blowing the word prune makes for a perfect pouty- lipped glamour shot.
MQ Vienna Fashion Week By day we explored the city, leaving the remains of hot chocolate and apple strudel in our wake. At the Leopold museum we admired the work of Egon Schiele whose stunning self portraits are the forerunners of today's selfies.
6 Tips for Stress-Free, Efficient Beauty On the Run The art/habit of being pulled together lies in having a vision, being organized, mulitasking and employing time-management techniques -- concepts rarely associated with beauty but essential to stress-free beauty on the run.
Seriously, Emmys, Where Were the Sartorial Shenanigans? While Fashion Week finishes up in Milan, the real action took place last night in Los Angeles at the Emmy Awards.
The Style Selfie Rears Its Head at the Emmy's This photo is not usually taken by the subject, but rather by a friend (or even stranger) but preferably by a friend who can continue to take photos until you run out of storage or until the perfect editable image surfaces.
Nars' Guy Bourdin Collection To Debut On Snapchat Follow Narsissist on Snapchat and look out for a quick selfie from the Guy Bourdin collection at noon on Tuesday. Here's
Kate Moss Gets Her Own Single, 'Day And All Night,' Without Singing A Word (LISTEN) Neither. Turns out \Day And All Night\ doesn't require Kate to sing at all. Instead, the track takes clips of Kate talking
The History Of Cell Phones, As Told Through Anna Wintour's Front Row Appearances 2005
Elettra Wiedemann, Agent Provocateur Model, Explains How She Prepares For A Lingerie Shoot WATCH
Abercrombie Covers 'What Does The Fox Say' To Convince The World It's Still Cool (VIDEO) The retail brand that thinks it's synonymous with cool has been besieged by haters lately, thanks to its discriminatory dress
Lisa Katnic, Miley Cyrus' Stylist, Says 'Stoner' Style Is The New 'Ratchet' Style See how Birkenstocks are taking over the style world
A Taste of Fashion in the South SCAD style is quite the diverse and eclectic mix, not unlike the students themselves. Students may come from all over the world, but the unhurried southern lifestyle is clearly represented through the laid-back and artistic nature of many SCAD students.
Ask Michael Cohen First of all, I want your doctors Rx pad. Mine told me the opposite, take the summer for yourself. I am now ambidextrous. But anyway, this is one of the easiest questions I have answered in a while.
Diane Keaton's Bowler Hat Epitomizes Her Style (PHOTO) More where that came from
Salon Manicures Admit it. I need help. So I turned to a professional. The most valuable part of the salon manicure for me is being forced
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds DISCLOSURE
First Ladies Come For UN General Assembly, Get To Hang With Michelle Obama (PHOTOS) The UN General Assembly is a serious affair... but we often get distracted by the fashionable sideshow that is the first
Anthropologie Releases Limited Edition Stand Up Paddleboards Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. The
What Andr\u00e9 3000 Can Teach Men About Taking Fashion Risks Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram. 1. Shun the idea that
Emmys Best Dressed List Elisabeth Moss A-listers like Taylor Schilling and Claire Danes shone in white gowns, while other celebs chose to go bold
What a Vogue Editor Packs for Paris Fashion Week Perhaps because it's the last leg of the spring 2014 runway marathon or that the City of Lights is such a historic hub for the shows, but the arrival of Paris Fashion Week always signals the time for bringing out a real statement look.
Burlesque Costumes Celebrate 'Curvier Women' Ignored By Mainstream, Says Sartorialist (VIDEO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Watch
These Are The Dresses The Stars Should Have Worn To The Emmys (PHOTOS) Lena Dunham --> Temperley London Alyson Hannigan --> Delpozo January Jones --> Cushnie et Ochs If she's not in a wedding
Carrie Underwood's Emmy Dress 2013 Was Fit For A Southern Belle (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. PHOTOS
Janjay Sherman, Music Manager, And Her Cheap Hair Color Conditioner Trick There was no missing Janjay Sherman in a sea of models outside Milk Studios in New York City. The music manager was giving
Cat Deeley's Emmy Dress 2013 Was Not What We Were Expecting (PHOTOS) See the rest of the Emmys red carpet
Jessica Pare's Emmys Dress 2013 Is Big And Blue (PHOTOS) See the rest of the Emmys red carpet
Claire Danes' Hair At The 2013 Emmys Causes Heated Twitter Debates (PHOTOS) Claire Danes used the Emmys as an opportunity to make a big debut
Ryan Seacrest & Will Arnett Go Matchy-Matchy At The 2013 Emmy Awards (PHOTO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. The
Emmy 2013 Beauty Looks That Dazzled & Disappointed (PHOTOS) WORST
Kate Moss' New Cover Might Be Her Edgiest Yet (And She's Not Even Naked) The third issue of Document will be launching on Wednesday in Paris at Colette and hitting New York and DocumentJournal.com
Kaley Cuoco's Emmy Dress 2013 Is A Glam Surprise (PHOTOS) See the rest of the Emmys red carpet
Michelle Obama's Belt At The 2013 Congressional Black Caucus Is Quite Chic (PHOTOS) It's nice to see Michelle continuing to mix it up for these high profile, glam events. We're sure the lucky few ladies who
Princess Eugenie's Boodles Boxing Ball Dress Is A Very Recent Repeat (PHOTOS) Moral of the story? The next time you're stumped for a black tie event, try shopping your closet -- it's what princesses
This Is Why It's More Expensive To Be A Woman There are plenty of articles touting the rise of manscaping and beauty products for dudes. But it seems that women are still
Victoria's Secret Fashion Show Casting Is 'Quite Terrifying,' Says Show Creative Director Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Neophitou
Bruce Springsteen, 'Born In The USA' 64 Years Ago, Dressed Like The Ultimate Boss (PHOTOS) And a look back is always a good thing. Bruce knows blazers aren't only for the business class. He believes in his guns, and
Rose Byrne Debuts Blond Hair On Emmys Red Carpet (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Madeleine Albright's Pin Celebrates Her New Twitter Account In The Best Way So it's only natural that Albright would mark her latest momentous occasion with a brand new pin
Mila Kunis' Lookalike, Sarah Hyland, Prompts Doubletakes At The Emmys (PHOTOS) Check it out -- think Mila's found her doppelganger? Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook
Giuliana Rancic's Ring At The Emmy Awards Is Worth $1 Million (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Taylor Schilling's Emmy Dress 2013 Is White Hot (PHOTOS) So, what do you think of her dress? See the rest of the Emmys red carpet
Emmys '90s Fashion Was A Thing Of Wonder (PHOTOS) Ellen DeGeneres, 1997 -- \Ellen\ Debra Messing, 1999 -- \Will & Grace\ Jennifer Aniston, 1999 -- \Friends\ Patricia Richardson
Aubrey Plaza's Emmy Dress 2013 Might Be Polarizing (PHOTOS) See the rest of the Emmys red carpet
Pippa Middleton Is Literally Glowing At The Boodles Boxing Ball (PHOTOS) Prince Harry also made a cameo at the ball, although he appeared to be flying solo without Cressida Bonas (or his most recent
Prada Brings Back Tevas And More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. We're
Sarah Silverman's Emmy Dress Might Be Most Affordable One Of The Night (PHOTOS) After we overcame the shock of Silverman's sky-high heels, we learned Sarah was wearing a Deadly Dames' $110 Vamp dress. Regardless
Zooey Deschanel Emmy Dress 2013 Is An Icy Blue Confection (PHOTOS) But, of course, Deschanel's ginormous jewel brought even more attention to her black and white checkered manicure by Tom
Sarah Hyland Emmy Dress 2013 Is Green & Gorgeous (PHOTOS) Sarah Hyland, you should ALWAYS wear green on the red carpet. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook
Emmy Dresses 2013 Movie stars are cool. But TV stars, the ones who come into our homes each week and provide us with endless hours of entertainment
Heidi Klum's Emmy 2013 Dress Is Fierce Fuschia (PHOTOS) See the rest of the Emmys red carpet
Julia Louis-Dreyfus' Emmy Dress Shimmers Like A Disco Ball (PHOTOS) So shimmery, Julia Louis-Dreyfus! The \Veep\ nominee hit the Emmys red carpet in a sequined strapless Monique Lhuillier gown
Anna Gunn's Emmy Dress Silences Her 'Breaking Bad' Critics (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Connie Britton Emmy Dress 2013 Channels 'The Little Mermaid' (PHOTOS) See the rest of the Emmys red carpet
Miley Cyrus' Pasties Are Her Lil' Kim Moment (PHOTOS) Cyrus checked that final sartorial statement off the list on Saturday, when she took the stage at iHeart Radio Music Festival
Mayim Bialik's Emmy Dress 2013 Is An Emerald Vision (PHOTOS) See the rest of the Emmys red carpet
Emmy 2013 Red Carpet Nothing. Check out every awesome red carpet outfit from the 2013 Emmys in our continuously updated slideshow below. Who do
Mindy Kaling's Emmy Dress 2013 Is A Tight Aubergine Stunner (PHOTOS) Check out the comedian's gown and let us know your thoughts! Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook
Kiernan Shipka's Emmy Dress 2013 Is A Sweet Delpozo Number (PHOTOS) Her series, \Mad Men,\ is nominated for Outstanding Drama Series. See the rest of the Emmys red carpet
Elisabeth Moss' Emmy Dress 2013 Is Old Hollywood Glam (PHOTOS) See the rest of the Emmys red carpet
Michelle Dockery's Emmy Dress 2013 Is A Stunning Prada Number (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Gwyneth Paltrow, Kate Bosworth And Nicole Richie In This Week's Best And Worst Beauty (PHOTOS) WORST
Zosia Mamet's Emmy Dress 2013 Is A Gorgeous Mix Of Leather And Florals (PHOTOS) See the rest of the Emmys red carpet
Tina Fey's Emmy Dress 2013 Is Hot, Hot, Hot (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. See
Reese Witherspoon's Plaid Shirt Is The Best Cheap Celeb Find Of The Week (PHOTOS) But the find of the week goes to Reese Witherspoon, whose casual plaid shirt had \Sweet Home Alabama\ written all over it
Miranda Kerr's Glitter Pumps, Pippa Middleton's Hat And More Cool Accessories Of The Week The Brits know hats better than anyone else, and Pippa's head-turning topper was a classic yet fun addition to her ensemble
Luxembourg Royal Wedding That's right -- Prince Felix of Luxembourg and his bride Claire Lademacher had a second wedding in the Provencal town of
Shapewear Photoshop Fail Is Super Scary (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. We'd
Andy Roddick Reveals Bizarre Hair Styling Trick And More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS) We ran into some hilarious tweets this week -- supposedly Miley fans wants to stab the \rotting corpse\ of Lorde, the \Royals
Selena Gomez Vamps It Up For Versace (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. The
17 Ways To Stand Out In A Crowd Like Bianca Jagger 13. Pick black pumps with straps. The straps give the regular black pump an unexpected twist. These shoes are going to be
Prada Pokes Fun At Fashion Week's Biggest Trend -- And We Kind Of Love It (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. PHOTOS
Natalie Portman's Dior Couture Gown Is Perfection (PHOTOS) To attend the New York City Ballet Fall Gala, Portman wore a look from Christian Dior\u2019s Fall 2013 Couture collection. The
Game Day! Tailgate Essentials for a Sure Win Be sure your game day has a crowd pleasing spread. From gear must have's, to cocktails, and lawn games, this tailgate has spirit to spare! So, no matter what team you're rooting for, pack up a party that scores with everyone!
Miami's 14-Year-Old Fashion Designer & More Of The City's Unique Style Offerings (VIDEO) Miami is a city full of unique, nuanced style. Sure, you'll find your fair share of neon beachwear and glitzy minidresses
Brooke Shields, Cara Delevingne And More Celebrity Eyebrows We Envy (PHOTOS) Brooke Shields Madonna Audrey Hepburn Who would you add to our best brows list? Camilla Belle And it's no secret that the
What a Vogue Editor Packs for Milan Fashion Week After London's dreary skies, a forecast for sun and crisp autumn cool made packing for Milan Fashion Week an optimistic task.
Best-Dressed List Crystal Renn in Gabriela Cadena Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and
Worst-Dressed List Guinness, a respected artist and style icon, went overboard in this all-silver ensemble. (It even matches her iPod!) The
Celia Mccorquodale, Prince Harry Attend Family Wedding Together (PHOTOS) Prince Harry, you charmer
'Wardrobing' Fraud Harder To Commit Thanks To Obtrusive New Tags (VIDEO) Well, department stores are mad as hell about the tactic -- called wardrobing -- and they're not gonna take it anymore. In
And It's Back! Cuffing Season Beware to not confuse cuffing season as an opportunity to score a serious relationship. Cuffing season is strictly for people looking for a temporary winter cuddle buddy.
Heidi Klum Shows Her Fashion Prowess On The Red Carpet (PHOTOS) The \America's Got Talent\ judge stepped out for a post-show red carpet event last night wearing a one-shoulder, tribal-inspired
Kiehl's Creamy Eye Treatment With Avocado Gets Rid Of Pesky, Dry Skin Patches One of the best things about the Kiehl's Creamy Eye Treatment is the price tag. At $28 a pop (for the smaller 0.5 fl. oz
Do Shoes Trigger Foot Problems or Do Your Feet Trigger Shoe Problems? Every day thousands of women ask themselves that question when their feet start hurting. Is it my shoes or is it my feet?
Alli Webb Makes Fortune's 40 Under 40 List, Brings Blowout Bars Into Big Leagues Do you think blowout bars and the like are here to stay? If you need more hair advice
Emmelie Gustafsson, Intern, And Her Unusual Use For A Flat Iron Blondes look amazing in black. So it's no surprise that Emmelie Gustafsson's super bright mane and dark ensemble caught our
Men Have Stylists, Too -- Just Don't Call Them That Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Thanks
Victoria's Secret Model The final product
Barbra Streisand's 'Funny Girl' Makeup Was No Laughing Matter (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Don't
17 Epic Beehive Hairstyles We're Still Buzzing About (PHOTOS) Cruz's tousled beehive hairstyle adds an effortless touch to her sultry, smokey eyes and glamorous red carpet outfit. Tell
High-Maintenance, Eh? Men & Women Take The Same Amount Of Time In The Morning, Poll Says In fact, 16 percent of men took less than 10 minutes to get ready for a big night out. Only 5 percent of women were so low
Lily Collins Will Be Vanity Fair's Best-Dressed Star Of 2014. Here's Why. (PHOTOS) Lily is no stranger to the crop top trend, understands how to dress for her age and always has an ensemble that is pitch
Britney Spears Wears Couture To Announce Vegas Residency, Looks Very Un-Vegas (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Do
Avoid Streaky Foundation With These 3 Makeup Tips These application tricks will not only prevent streaks, says Jensen, but also help to minimize the amount of foundation you
Gwyneth Paltrow's 'Ellen' Appearance Features More Bikini Line Talk (VIDEO) As you know, Gwyneth did get her fair share of pushback. \You know, normally I don't read stuff at all, but apparently this
Kate Moss' Playboy Cover Confirmed For January/February 2014 Issue It's finally official
The Promise of New Talent Talent coupled with the right backing and support provides an undeniably successful result. During New York Fashion Week two of the most promising designers showed under the Harlem's Fashion Row umbrella.
Going Matte Skip the mascara and focus on vibrant matte lips for a luminous look that screams summer.
France Bans Underage Pageants To Protect Girls Under 16 While France's pageant ban is new, similar regulations have already been put in place to protect models. New York State recently
Blake Lively Looks Gorgeous In Leather At Gucci's Milan Fashion Week Show More stars in the front row
The More Things Change, the More They Remain the Same We've come a long way since the world was electrified when an outstanding Jewish girl named Bess Myerson was crowned Miss America in 1945.
This Epic Slide Makes Us Wish We Worked For Prada (PHOTO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. More
Luxembourg Prince Marries Girlfriend Claire Lademacher In Royal Wedding (PHOTOS) Today's celebration for Felix and Claire was more low-key, it being the civil ceremony. The bride wore a simple white peplum
The 10 Looks That Remind Us That London Fashion Week Is SO Worth It (PHOTOS) Burberry Prorsum Jonathan Saunders Leave it to Topshop to pick up on one of the biggest embellishments of the season
David Beckham Remember this? Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle
Justin Theroux Really, Really Hates Teva Sandals So, what does Justin prefer to wear instead? More often than not, we spot the urban adventurer in motorcycle or lace-up boots
The A-Zs of New York Fashion Week I've never heard so much negativity around New York Fashion Week before. But you know what, I love it and here are the A-Zs of my #NYFW...
Rent The Runway's Plus-Size Division Is Finally A Reality Rent The Runway founder and CEO Jenn Hyman started her groundbreaking e-tail site in order to provide every woman with her
Pippa Middleton's Instagram Party Appearance Shows She's Still A Gal About Town (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. PHOTOS
The 'New Girl' Guide To Nail Art, According To Zooey Deschanel For when you need to subtly assert your femininity in a loft full of dudes. For when you're trying to teach adults how to
Eyelash Extensions My first stop? Manhattan's Lash Loft to get my very own set of eyelash extensions. Though trepidatious at first, I found
Eva Mendes On Her Unexpected Secret To Getting Perfect Hair And Her New NY&Co. Collection Do you have any advice for aspiring designers? Pantene! I like to condition my hair overnight. You can use any Pantene conditioner
The Ultimate Fall Wardrobe With these pieces you can stay chic and comfortable wherever you go through fall and winter. They can take you from work to a cocktail party to hanging with the kids at the park.
12 Braids That Are So Stunning We Can't Stop Staring (PHOTOS) Kenneth Cole Spring 2014 Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and
London Fashion Week Gives Fog the Finger Fashion week has crossed continents to London with a pack of rainbow Sharpies, scribbling color over everything and making a permanent mark.
Skyler Berman's First Day Of School Outfit Blows Yours Out Of The Water (PHOTO) Just think
Michelle Obama's Tory Burch Dress Sells Out (PHOTOS) Quench your FLOTUS fashion thirst
Discontinued Beauty Products We'd Like To See Stage A Makeup Counter Comeback (PHOTOS) 1. Naturistics Lip Sparklers Yes, the classic nail polish remover brand dabbled with cosmetics. And they made pretty darn
Anna Kendrick's London Fashion Week BFF She'd make a great front row buddy
Daisy Lowe Turns Attention Away From The Runway In Sheer Dress (PHOTOS) But all the ladylike accents couldn't really distract from the sheer sheerness of the outfit. Leave it to Daisy to be the
David Beckham's Belstaff Campaign Proceeds Full-Throttle (PHOTOS) While we're accustomed to seeing an awful lot of David Beckham thanks to his H&M underwear advertisements, the retired soccer
Peter Lindbergh's Cover For Num\u00e9ro Is Making Us Nostalgic (PHOTOS) It wasn't too long ago that Peter Lindbergh uttered the words, \There will never be anything like the era of the supermodel
Yes, You Can Look Good In A Ratty, Old T-Shirt Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. There
Hockey Meets Haute Couture During New York Fashion Week Over 300 people came out to support the fashionable fundraiser which will benefit Ice Hockey in Harlem, a charity focused on education and empowerment with a mission to help children get onto the right track in life through the sport of hockey.
Confidence...The Road to Beauty Below are nine tips to equip you on any path you may take. On that road, make sure to pack your \kick-ass red lipstick,\ a little black dress, the right shoes and you will be ready to go for just about anything.
Miley Cyrus Covers Harper's Bazaar Over Vogue, Is On 'Whole Other Level Of Sh*t' (PHOTOS) To prove Miley's got Fashion under control, she tells Blasberg that she brings her own \shit\ to photo shoots
The Best And Worst Beauty Looks From New York Fashion Week (PHOTOS) With the original blond, Tweety Bird, as the muse for this runway show, MAC Cosmetics lead makeup artist Kabuki drew on the
Miss Uzbekistan Mystery While local authorities were unaware that the event transpired, several United States pageant blogs publicized the results
Jared Leto Thinks All Men Should Wear High Heels It turns out we have more to learn from Jared Leto than just haircare tips. \Well, I recommend that men try it. I think it'll
Sandra Bullock's Vogue Cover Hair Is Confusing Us (PHOTO) At least that's the case for Sandra Bullock, whose fifth Vogue cover surfaced on Saturday. Sandra stuns in a shot by Peter
Prince Harry's Birthday Can you believe Prince Harry turns 29 today, September 15? It feels like just yesterday he was a wee tyke running around
Beyonce's T-Shirt And More Cheap Celeb Finds Of The Week (PHOTOS) With all the designer duds we saw during New York Fashion Week, we were left yearning for some pretty expensive items. But
8 Reasons Why Back-to-School 2013 Is a Retail Disaster The 2013 back-to-school season is lackluster at best for retailers. Based on my work with Millennials and my agency's research, here are eight reasons why the season is such a disaster.
9 New York Fashion Week Accessories You Must Remember For Next Spring Marissa Webb's sandals
Prince William, Prince Harry and Pippa Middleton Attend Wedding Without The Duchess (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Why The Fashion Crowd Won't Put Their Arms Through Their Jackets At the start of New York Fashion Week, a co-worker posed the question
Crazy New York Fashion Week Street Style (PHOTOS) Andre Leon Talley More looks from the streets of NYFW
A Tomboy Takes Fashion Week Though I am not a complete tomboy, I definitely am not the first person to go running to a fashion show. Yet, somehow I recently got invited to a show during NY's Fashion Week. Out of extreme curiosity, my mom and I decided to go.
Here Are The Weirdest Quotes From New York Fashion Week Reviews The look
Nicki Minaj's Bodyguards Cause A Stir At NYFW And More Tweets Of The Week Did you survive New York Fashion Week? Some people almost didn't. Just take it from Stella Bugbee, the Editorial Director
The Fashion Week DIY Tricks We're Totally Trying At Home (PHOTOS) 7. Jeweled sandals at Tibi. Breathe new life into your old clogs and platform sandals by adding various sized crystals and
New York Fashion Week Spring 2014 Beauty Street Style Is Full Of Fresh Faces & Bold Lips (PHOTOS) While I was busy running backstage between the tents at Lincoln Center and Milk Studios to capture all of New York Fashion
The 19 Things You Need To Remember From New York Fashion Week (PHOTOS) 14. Things got awkward at Marc by Marc Jacobs. More than one showgoer showed up in the exact same outfit -- eek! 2. Naomi
Guys, Here's Everything You Need To Know To Get The Perfect Shave Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram. (For everything
Lindsay Lohan, Kirsten Dunst's Modeling Days Chronicled In Best #TBT Ever (PHOTO) That's it, you can all give up now. Lindsay Lohan has posted the most jarring Throwback Thursday ever. They grow up so fast
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley Pulls Bra-Free Trick In Stella McCartney Jumpsuit (PHOTOS) The answer, we're almost positive, is that she's not, which only enhances our awe. How are supermodels able to pull off these
The 8 Most Outrageous Looks From New York Fashion Week (PHOTOS) The Blonds, Spring 2014 While we've more than established that numerous looks that come down the runway are far from wearable
Christina Ricci & Winona Ryder Have Come A Long Way Since Their 'Mermaids' Days (PHOTOS) Take a walk down memory lane... Looking at 41-year-old Ryder and 33-year-old Ricci now, it's hard to conjure images of their
5 Things We Can Learn About Style From Surfer Chicks If You Have To Wear Pants, Make Them Fun We salute the shift and offer the below five tips to help further the surfification
Carrie Bradshaw's 'J'Adore Dior' Shirt Pops Up At Australian Superstore (PHOTO) Spotlight, for the non-Aussies reading, is a popular craft supplies and fabric chain store in Australia... and one that appears
Lady Gaga's Elle Shoot Is An Unexpectedly Delicate Surprise (PHOTOS) Inside the mag, the fashion spread is even more subtle, featuring pastel pieces by Versace and Dries van Noten shot in hazy
Jessica Alba's Daughter, 2, Is Already Coveting Designer Shoes (VIDEO) A passion for fashion must run in Jessica Alba's family, because it looks like she's passed those style genes on to daughter
Moving Mountains in Chiffon Philosophically, one of my favorite subjects is to justify fashion's relevance historically and socially. Our \suiting up\ is not only the stuff that carries individuals through their days and endeavors, it marks time and place and reflects us as accurately as any song or news story might.
Gwyneth Paltrow Kiss With Stella McCartney Kicks Off GOOP Collaboration (VIDEO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Providing
Why Zady Through the power of the web we can connect to like-minded people. Together we can build a unique destination with products and stories discovered by Zady users across the world.
Meet Moziah Bridges Ever since he was four-years old and dressing himself, Moziah \Mo\ Bridges, now 11, insisted on wearing a suit and tie whenever he could, even to the grocery store or while riding his bike.
How the Nike+ FuelBand Became the A-list's Chicest Accessory SEE MORE FROM VOGUE
Runway Reality Check As I navigated the shows at New York Fashion Week, I was stunned by the lack of excitement that seems to plague so many in the fashion industry. Not so at the Metropolitan Museum Of Art's Costume Institute this summer, where 125 incredible teenagers showed me just how inspiring, exciting, and empowering fashion can be!
Doll Heads Are Officially The Creepiest Trend Of New York Fashion Week And although Phillipe Blond is notorious for his rousing fashion line, we found this Barbie-doll inspired nail art to be
Jackie Kennedy's Wedding Dresses Still Make Us Swoon (Both Of Them!) Brides often use their second (or third or fourth -- hey, we're not judging) to put a different spin on bridal wear. Went
Marc Jacobs' Neo-Nazi Shirt Pulled After Brand Discovers Connection Marc Jacobs' t-shirt
On The Catwalk With 'Plastic Surgery Models' At New York Fashion Week The proposition was surreal
Miami Style Has So Much More To Offer Than Skimpy Bikinis (VIDEO) Miami has become known as the land of pastels and skimpy bikinis. But is that all there is when it comes to style? This is
The 6 Looks We Editors Want From New York Fashion Week (PHOTOS) Noon by Noor, Spring 2014 \I love this easy, short-sleeve dress from ICB by Prabal Gurung Spring 2014 because it is fun and
Kate Middleton's Tusk Trust Awards Marks Her Post-Baby Return To Formalwear (PHOTOS) We missed you, Kate Middleton. Specifically, we missed your fabulous evening wear. We last saw Catherine in late August during
Designers, Stop Trying To Make The Fanny Pack Happen This could only mean one thing
Justin Timberlake Is Giving Us Major Brad Pitt Vibes On T Magazine Cover (PHOTOS) That's right -- Brad Pitt posed for a similar photo back in 2009 for W magazine. And the scruffy goatees and floppy mops
Rihanna's Penis Purse Doesn't Even Surprise Us Anymore (PHOTO) Sigh. This might have been the last envelope Rihanna had left to push. She's always walked on the wild side... Want more
Elevator Stuck At Fashion Week Forces Editors Into Acrobatics (PHOTOS, VIDEO) No, we're not talking about a model falling on the runway or a crazy trend coming back -- an elevator got stuck. Turns out
Kate Upton Says 'No Thanks' To Fashion Week So what has she been doing instead? Watching football. No Michigan hats here... Now that the fashion world has finally embraced
Cate Blanchett's Eyebrows Are Giving Us 'New Girl' Flashbacks (PHOTOS) But when we caught sight of those over-plucked eyebrows, we couldn't help but think of that episode of \New Girl\ where Schmidt
Rachel Zoe's Glamorous Instagram Makes Us Wish We Had Her Life (PHOTOS) When we grow up, we want to be Rachel Zoe. The celeb stylist has enviable style, a sky-rocketing career (despite what the
Cipriana Quann, Urban Bush Babes Editor-In-Chief, And Her Hands-Off Solution To Clear Skin She explained, \If you have a good foundation, then anything you place on top will just enhance. Therefore, a healthy diet
Jeremy Scott Gives 'Hot Rollers' A Whole New Meaning (VIDEOS, PHOTOS) I will never think of hot rollers the same after what I saw backstage at Jeremy Scott's Spring 2014 show. Catch up on the
Ohne Titel's Spring 2014 Makeup & Nails Take Us Back To The Future (PHOTOS) Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram. (For everything
Diamonds in the Kisser When a little girl plays dress up in her mommy's wardrobe, we think it's cute. When she piles on the sparkly necklaces and bracelets, we understand that she is role-playing and experimenting with mommy's stuff.
Marc By Marc Jacobs' Spring 2014 Makeup Is All About Electric Blue Eyeshadow (VIDEO, PHOTO) With such a strong eye makeup, the rest of the face was kept minimal using Sheer and Perfect Foundation and Benefiance Full
Model's Birth Control Pill Cost Her A Fashion Week Job \A designer will see an outfit on you once, wait until you leave the casting, and then call your agent and ask why you've
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any questions. This week's selections
Chloe Moretz Covers W Magazine, Seventeen In The Same Month (PHOTOS) \[My brother] Trevor has introduced me to tons of fashion, but when we were [in Paris], I got obsessed. I used to wear button
LinkedIn's Question on Spa Training In today's climate it's important for spa directors to recognize that education on a wider range of skin types, cultural diversity, social media influence and customer engagement is what will differentiate one spa from another.
Instagram Fashion Week 2013 Day 6 of New York Fashion Week kicked off with top designers Vera Wang and J. Crew, and we've trailed their every photo from
Shop Your Own Closet for the Latest Trends From NYFW We'll be keeping our eye out on how this all translates to the racks in the months to come. But for now, we can all shop our own closet racks to play dress up, or dress down, with the shirts we already have.
Michael Kors, Look Out Today Samsung announced its highly anticipated Smart Watch aptly name GALAXY Gear. Are people ready for the smart watch revolution? Do people even wear watches any more?
Janie Bryant Offers Hillary Clinton Unsolicited Fashion Advice Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Now
Building a Wardrobe at Any Age, Lifestyle or Stage in Life It's the start of Fashion Week this past week, and while you may not be standing outside of the tents to be photographed, seated in the front row or even remotely paying attention, there is no better time of the year to address your own wardrobe.
The Low-Down on Fashion Week Sure, NYFW has its token snobs and elitist Upper East Siders, but there are important businesspeople, editors-in-chief, bloggers, columnists, PR personnel and photographers.
Make A Dress Out Of Shorts With This Handy Tutorial (PHOTOS) Would you ever try this look outside the house? Yes, you can make a dress out of basketball shorts. (At last!) On Tumblr
Diesel Burka Ad Diesel recently made headlines for its unconventional fall ad campaign, which features Tumblr stars and so-called \real people
Awesome Stop-Motion Video Shows You Can Reverse Terrible Haircuts See here to find out how the stop-motion effect was created. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook
Kate Spade, Cushnie et Ochs And More Make A Strong Case For White Press-On Nails (PHOTOS) I've never really understood the attraction to press-on nails -- not even when they were the must-have manicure back when
Plus-Size Model Candy Shoot Wanders Into Questionable Territory (PHOTOS) Indulgent to an extreme, consumptive to a fabulous fault, chasing divine decadence and and impossible joy and other holy
Redheads, We've Found The Perfect Eyeshadow Color For You (PHOTOS) More Spring 2014 beauty trends this way
Sabrina The Teenage Witch Proves She's Now A 'Fashionable Mom' (PHOTOS) What about the rest of the \Sabrina\ cast? As a mother of three, we're sure Hart was happy to have a chance to whip out an
Yes, Marc Jacobs Makeup Is Actually 'Boy Tested' (VIDEO) Marc Jacobs doesn't mess around. When the designer promised that his new makeup line, which includes unisex products, was
Doutzen Kroes It's a message we've heard from models before -- as Cindy Crawford often says, \Even I don't wake up looking like Cindy Crawford
Princess Deena Aljuhani Abdulaziz Flies Under The Radar At Fashion Week (PHOTOS) With Justin Bieber hogging all the air at last night's Y3 show, one very special person flew under the radar
'Blurred Lines' Model Emily Ratajkowski Wants To Break Down Body Boundaries \I want to be a model that breaks down the traditional body boundaries. You don\u2019t have to be 5'9\ and an A-cup to be a successful
Flat Shoes Are Having A Moment At New York Fashion Week (PHOTOS) Band Of Outsiders, Spring 2014 Derek Lam Spring Summer 2014 As a girl who despises heels, I couldn't have been happier to
Transformative Fashion The ecru palette of the line allows the eye to focus on the interesting mix of materials and textures throughout the collection. Quilted, thermal, tweed, felt and flannel textures seamlessly flowed together creating a synergy that each element alone could not.
9 Reasons You Should Get A Hair Gloss Treatment (Instead Of A Normal Dye Job) 3. A gloss provides translucent color and intense conditioning. A gloss will work with the variation of tone that you hair
The Mod Style File Growing up, my mother always warned me against discarding or donating clothes that seemed dated. \Fashion is cyclical,\ she would tell me. Judging from the recent '90s style revival, my mother was certainly right.
My Ten-Item Wardrobe Fall/ Winter 2013 The 10-item wardrobe does not mean you only have 10 items in your closet. You have a set of core items plus extras. These extras help round out your wardrobe and fill in the gaps where needed.
From the Runway to Everyday Three of my favorite looks to play with during fashion week can be amped up for the runway or toned down for an evening out.  And many are inspired by the past, but can be individualized and altered for a very current feel.
Eyes on #NYFW In a year where the deaths of over 1,000 garment workers in Bangladesh revealed that the West's demand for cheap product literally kills, the need for a solutions-based approach like Modavanti could not be more pressing or timely.
New York Fashion Week, Day 3 Clothing and accessories emerge that not only make you want to shop right this very minute but also that make you rethink pretty much everything you've been wearing up to this point.
New York Fashion Week The tables have officially turned. The photographers outside shows are now better, more interestingly dressed than most of their subjects. Imagine a world where film directors might show up to set in full hair and makeup, not to mention in costume.
Kenneth Cole Explains That Controversial 'Boots On The Ground' Tweet Last Thursday, on the first day of Fashion Week, Kenneth Cole tweeted a message with a phrase that's been used in the Congressional
The Democratization of Fashion Week What was once an exclusive event for the fashion elite, has become the Super Bowl for fashion lovers, full of live streaming, Tweeting and up to the minute commentary.  I, for one, watched in my pajamas, and not the expensive, pajamas-as -day-wear kind of PJs.
Fern Mallis On Why New York Is Still The Best City For Fashion Fern Mallis
Instagram Fashion Week 2013 Thank goodness for Instagram. Without our handy following list, there's no way we'd make it ringside at every runway. On
Kate Middleton's Post-Baby Routine Revealed In Vanity Fair Nicholl writes that George slept in a Moses basket right beside Will and Kate's bed. As for Kate's post-baby diet? All we
Miranda Kerr Continues Her Racy Streak In Sheer Dress (PHOTOS) There's always more where that came from... Miranda Kerr has been on a roll lately, and by \roll,\ we mean \baring her skin
Miley Cyrus Vogue Cover Axed? Rumor Mill Seems To Think So \Anna found the whole thing distasteful,\ a source says. \She decided, based on Miley's performance, to take the cover in
Boston MFA's Hippie Chic Exhibit Spotlights Sophisticated Side of Flower Power Fashion Most fashion mavens will be the first to tell you that while always looking forward, top designers also look to the past for inspiration in their design work. I was transported in a fashion time capsule to the late 60s and early 70s for a trippy, fun, inspiring exhibit aptly titled \Hippie Chic.\
Fashion Flashback Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Few
Fashion Flashback Below, see the t-shirt Wang showed for spring back in 2007 alongside his eye-catching, deconstructed white \t-shirt\ from
Front Row Fashion Week 2013 It's Sunday Funday at New York Fashion Week, meaning editors and celebs alike are guzzling those iced coffees to recover
Fashion Week Street Style 2013 Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Now
Fashion Week Live Blog Happy Sunday, fashionistas! Believe it or not, we're already halfway through New York Fashion Week... though the industry
Instagram Fashion Week 2013 Saturday was kind of like New York Fashion Week's blockbuster day. (Though we reserve the right to say that again tomorrow
Anna Wintour Can Hightail It Out Of A Fashion Show Like Nobody's Business More of what we spotted during NYFW
Tyra Banks' Cindy Crawford, Kate Moss Impressions Are Pretty Darn Good (PHOTOS) This was no understatement. Apparently, Tyra's labor of love was a photo project that had the legend dressing up as other
Naomi Watts' Frilly Marchesa Dress For the \Diana\ Paris premiere, Naomi chose a white tulle empire-waist Marchesa minidress. While we loved the look's light
New York Fashion Week Spring 2014 Has Us Seeing Orange Lips & Nails (PHOTOS) Orange lips and nails were the brightest accessory on the Spring 2014 runways at Rag & Bone, Creatures of the Wind and Suno
Not Your Average Beachy Waves At Creatures Of The Wind & Suno Spring 2014 Shows (PHOTOS) Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram. (For everything
Front Row Fashion Week 2013 It's the freakin weekend, baby, but the front rows of New York Fashion Week are still filled with celebs galore. Last night
Fashion Week Street Style 2013 On Day 2, white seemed to be on every runway, and we saw plenty of showgoers decked out in the shade even though Labor Day
Fashion Week Live Blog Sure, it's the weekend, but there's no rest for those of us following New York Fashion Week. Things really gained traction
Why a Facelift Is in My Future Let me say at the beginning of this article that I like my face, but that I do intend to get a facelift some day in the future. The older I get the more I'm thinking about it; it's on the list so to speak.
Instagram Fashion Week 2013 Didn't get a front row seat? We've got you covered -- Today marks the second day of Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week and we're
Backstage At New York Fashion Week Spring 2014 Let's just set the record straight
Fashion Horoscope For Fall 2013 To Help You Look Your Best Heidi Klum (born June 1) Kate Middleton (born January 9) Aries JB
Carmen Marc Valvo Spring 2014 Show Makes Bold Statement With Black & White Dip-Dye Wigs (PHOTOS) \I think women of any age can take something from this look -- women in their 20s can pull it off just as I\u2019ve designed it
Fashion Week Just Went Plus-Size In the fashion world of angular androgyny, Cabiria is an important development for plus-size women, who are often ignored
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley Stuns In Perfect Revenge Magazine Cover (PHOTO) This glamorous model has never looked bad... Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr
Kenneth Cole's 'Awearness' Problem While incorporating an especially sassy use of the sassy finger, Cole says
Kelly Osbourne's Plus-Size Clothing Line Is Happening! We have a feeling this collection will work well with purple
Back to School The stress of new beginnings and putting your best foot (and face) forward can cause breakouts. School is in session and today our lesson plan is what you can do to lower your chances of that first day breakout.
9 Male Celebrities Who Give Us Major Hair Envy (PHOTOS) Russell Brand Swooning over Jared Leto's ombre hair at the 2013 MTV Video Music Awards got us thinking about other guys with
The 8 Skincare Secrets You Need To Know Now, According To Dr. Perricone Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. 7
5 Skincare Tips For Men That Will Get Any Woman's Attention 1. Wash your face with a good cleanser. This is a no-brainer. But the reality is, either you guys are doing it all wrong
6 Steps To Achieving The Perfectly Preppy Nantucket Look (VIDEO) 4. Some of the best style comes via Jamaica. To find out more about United States In Style and our trip to Nantucket, email
Tadashi Shoji Known as one of the few designers who caters to women of all sizes, Shoji always creates ethereal dresses that are both intricate
'Well-Dressed' Women Might Look Too Healthy To Be Diagnosed With Stroke Symptoms A study of over 15,000 people found that women were only half as likely as men to be checked for signs of heart disease, which
A Conversation With Fashion Designer Elie Tahari Taking a few minutes off from his celebrations and preparations for New York Fashion Week, Elie Tahari talks about his life's mission and legacy and how despite his fame and the ubiquity of his line, he is still being mistaken for a woman.
Tamagotchi Clothing Line Is Officially Happening, Kids Of The '90s Los Angeles-based T-shirt company Mighty Fine, Bandai Co. Ltd. and marketing representative Sync Beats are collaborating
Russell Brand Blasts Hugo Boss For Nazi Ties At British GQ Awards Later on in the night, Brand was allegedly kicked out of an after-party because of the Nazi comments, according to the Sun
Gwyneth Paltrow And Stella McCartney's Fashion Line Is Here, Called McCartney x Goop Gwyneth Paltrow and Stella McCartney have finally teamed up. The pieces echo Paltrow's style, \timeless and effortless pieces
Balenciaga's Lawsuit Against Nicolas Ghesqui\u00e8re Will Continue In Court This week in fashion feuds
Paula Patton's Cutout Stella McCartney Might Rhyme With Hug Me (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Though
Retail Chatter Last week, I attended a dinner party. As we all know, if no one remotely interesting ends up sitting on the left or right of you, it can end up being a long and boring night. Well, I got lucky.
People's Revolution Cuts Ties With David Tlale, Adds Much Needed Drama To Fashion Week It wouldn't be fashion week without some hearty drama. Show producer People's Revolution has severed their contract with
Phillip Lim and Target a New Collaboration Idea As Fashion Week kicks off in New York, Phillip Lim and Target are making their own show in celebration of their collaboration, with a massive instillation of the longest moving, interactive digital image.
Bar Mitzvah Relevance! The NY Times cover \news\ story today about making Bar and Bat Mitzvahs more relevant needs a look at this little Fashion
From Media Personality to Multi-Media DIY Maven When Simone Heng moved to Dubai, she knew it would be a vibrant city, full of luxurious hotels and retailers. What she didn't realize was that as an avid DIY project enthusiast, she would inspire and connect a new generation of young makers.
Carine Roitfeld When you're editor-in-chief of a big magazine, you cannot be a cover girl for MAC, you cannot be the face of Givenchy -- of
Kim Kardashian's CR Fashion Book Cover Features Grills, Because Of Course Bu we still can't get over that gold-toothed cover. By the power of Carine, Karl and the hottest new glossy on newsstands
Jennifer Lawrence Goes Fresh-Faced For New Dior Ads (PHOTOS) Jennifer Lawrence's new Dior ads are here... and they're breathtaking. In these new images, a windswept J.Law bundles up
Pippa Middleton Engagement Rumors Quashed As She Steps Out Without Ring (PHOTOS) Perhaps. Or maybe she just didn't feel like wearing an extra piece of jewelry today. Either way, the Brit is looking particularly
Fashion Week Prep Here, nine of our editors share what they always have packed in their bags and can't live without during fashion week season.
Why Fashion Week Still Matters (VIDEO) Watch the full clip above and tell us
Women Would Give Up Sex, Social Media And More To Reverse Aging, Survey Reveals The beauty company polled its online audience to find out what modern conveniences and beauty standards women would ditch
Valerie Trierweiler Wears A Dress Only A French First lady Could Pull Off (PHOTOS) There's something about Valerie
Fashion Twitter Accounts To Follow Marc Jacobs Follow@MARCJACOBSINTL Rebecca Taylor Follow@MYREBECCATAYLOR Rodarte Follow@officialrodarte Kerastase Follow@kerastaseusa
7 Ways Fashion Shows Were Different In The 1950s Here's a hint
'Charles James Charles who? That may be the reaction from those outside (and even some inside) the fashion world. But Women's Wear Daily
Emma Watson's GQ Awards Look Is Utterly Perplexing (PHOTOS, POLL) Perplexed expressions and tilted heads aren't exactly what we think Emma Watson was going for, but we're pretty sure she
Channeling Sexual Energy Into Productive Energy Sex. One of the greatest motivational forces in life. Our sexual impulses control so much of what we do, how we act, and the choices we make. But if not properly harnessed, they can lead to great destruction.
American Apparel's Hasidic Model Debuts Just In Time For The Jewish New Year (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Kelly Ripa's Haircut Is The Perfect Way To Go Sleek For Fall (PHOTO) Ch-ch-changes
From Hollywood to the Runway With New York Fashion Week around the corner, designer Dennis Basso offers a sneak peek at his upcoming collection for spring.
Are You a Hair Color Virgin? Not counting a brief incident about 20 years ago with a bottle of at-home color that turned my hair pink, I lived the first 35 years of my life with what I know now is called \virgin hair.\
Kate Upton's Vanity Fair Cover Cements Her Superstar Status (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. 1913
Kerry Washington's Fashion Wasn't Always Up To Snuff, The Star Admits The \Scandal\ star opens up to Cindi Leive in the October 2013 issue of Glamour, claiming that the days of topping Vanity
Gisele Sings In New H&M Ads (VIDEO) Today, we finally got to see Gisele Bundchen's ads for H&M's autumn collection, a gig she previewed on Instagram three weeks
The Coolest Way To Make Your Makeup Last Is In The Refrigerator Not knowing how long you've been using a tube of mascara or cheek stain is just as bad as making one of these makeup mistakes
Maria Pinto Kickstarter Will Relaunch Beloved Fashion Brand (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Next Royal Milestone 183 years ago, on June 26th, 1830 -- at the age of 64 years, 10 months, and 5 days -- William IV became king upon the death of his older brother, George IV. (William IV is probably best known for being the uncle and predecessor of Queen Victoria.)
5 Surprising Uses For Cinnamon Mix two tablespoons of cinnamon and honey into a half cup of warm olive oil. Add one egg to thicken the mask. Comb the solution
How to Wear That Piece That Goes With Nothing In pulling off these quirky pieces in real life, we found that there are some staples this season that will help you actually don those objects in your closet that have been prettily collecting dust bunnies.
Christie Brinkley Shows Us How To Ace September Dressing (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. The
Olivia Wilde's Gucci 'Rush' Premiere Look Is Jaw-Dropping (PHOTOS) Are you into the no-shirt look? PHOTOS
Princess Madeleine Pregnant With First Child 12 Weeks After Wedding Currently third in line to the throne, the princess lives in New York with her financier husband. He decided to eschew an
Pippa Middleton Rumors Heat Up With Engagement Chatter \Pippa loved seeing Kate go down the aisle and now it is her turn for a \u00adfairytale wedding,\ a \friend\ told the paper. \She
There Are Over 10,000 Toxic Ingredients In Your Beauty Products (VIDEO) More beauty wisdom
Cressida Bonas' Tatler Cover Makes Her Relationship With Prince Harry Official (PHOTO) Some guys have all the luck... Things with Prince Harry and Cressida Bonas are heating up. PHOTO
Proof That September Issues Haven't Really Changed In 120 Years Vogue, September 1953
Rob Pattinson's Dior Ad Was Well Worth The Wait (VIDEO) BRB, going to watch this video 10 more times. It's finally here... and it was worth the wait. We swear he looks better on
Kendra Spears Wedding To Prince Rahim Aga Khan Makes Model A Princess (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Looks
11 Summer Outfits That Taught Us What NOT To Wear This has to be one of Miley Cyrus' most perplexing outfits this summer (and trust us, there were a lot). Her pants and sandal
Lady Gaga Takes Off Wig Onstage At iTunes Festival (PHOTOS) Without the wig
Judi Dench's Slit Dress Sparkles In Venice (PHOTOS) More silver foxes
This Feet Photoshop Fail Has Worked Our Brains In A Twist (PHOTOS) See the original at International Street Style. Is this the craziest stance you've seen or what? PHOTOS
Dakota Fanning's Dramatic September Cover Is Brought To You By Karl Lagerfeld (PHOTO) Just when we thought we'd seen all the best September issues out there... Harper's Bazaar Brazil has revealed one cool contender
Goldie Hawn, Kris Jenner & More Grandmas Who Don't Dress Like Grandmas At All (PHOTOS) Diana Ross Happy National Grandparents Day! Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest
Andrea Casiraghi, Tatiana Santo Domingo Married In Monte Carlo (PHOTO) While official photos of the big event are scarce, Hello magazine reports that the bride wore a Missoni dress and the mother
Lady Gaga's Wigs, Sandra Bullock's Highlights & More In This Week's Best & Worst Beauty (PHOTOS) BEST
Lauren Hutton Doesn't Age And More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS) This week on Instagram, it was all about fall fashion. Sadly summer is almost over, but the chic boots and luxurious coats
We Can't Take Our Eyes Off Beyonce's Statement Necklace While we're going to spend most of the upcoming New York Fashion Week focused on amazing designer clothes, it's still important
Adam Levine Should Be An Underwear Model & More Tweets Of The Week Oh, Ellen Degeneres, could you get any better? This week, the funny lady shared a wonderful picture of the extremely fit
What Princess Diana Can Teach Prince William About Parenting (VIDEO, PHOTOS) Her memory lives on
Queen Rania's Style Just Keeps Getting Better (PHOTOS) So, in honor of the cool queen's 43rd birthday on August 31, we're taking a look back at her best-dressed appearances, rich
And The Model Of The Year Is... Kate Upton 2012 was totally Kate Upton's year... until she topped it with 2013, the year in which she covered Sports Illustrated's Swimsuit
Tatiana Santo Domingo's Bachelorette Party Puts Others To Shame (PHOTOS) They're even more glamorous than we imagined. Tatiana Santo Domingo is about to tie the knot with Monaco's Andrea Casiraghi
Anne V The message to speak up and, as Anne V put it, \have a brain\ has been echoed by Coco Rocha, another strong advocate for
Is Hot Topic Still Considered Goth? (VIDEO) \Now a days ... it's what's hot. You'll find Lil Wayne t-shirts there and Bieber,\ Anderson told host Ricky Camilleri. \You
What Should I Buy On Net-A-Porter For $200? And you're welcome for giving you something to do this Labor Day Weekend. I know, I know -- cry me a river. But it is a shopping
Carey Mulligan's Sunglasses Hit The Venice Red Carpet Now we know these aren't the most crowd-pleasing of pairs, but we quite like the look. If not at the Venice Film Festival
On Cate Blanchett and Why She Should Win Another Oscar Last weekend, I went to see Woody Allen's Blue Jasmine featuring Cate Blanchett and I walked out instantly knowing who our next Muse would be. Cate's performance stayed with me for days. It got me thinking about talent, pure, raw talent.
Best Blow-Dryers Under $50 Your blow-dryer can mean the difference between a good hair day and a bad one -- so why not splurge? One good reason
Mascara Challenge But with so many new mascaras from hitting shelves this season, we'd figured why not try something new (at least for one
Uncircling the Wagons While most think of philanthropy as an elitist enterprise, this new philanthropy is bucking that tide. Saika says that \giving
Michelle Obama's High School Style Documented Fabulously In A Single GIF And she only got better... BEHOLD
Kate Middleton Once Wore Shorts, Sequined Halter Top To A Roller Disco (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Elle Fanning's Adorable Miss Vogue Australia Makes Us Want To Be Teens Again Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Is
'WTF, Plus Size Manufacturers?' Is Our New Tumblr Obsession So, this picture is actually a couple of years old, but it\u2019s something that still happens. It shows the same shirt, EXACTLY
Kitson Lawsuit Threatened Over Xanax, Vicodin & Adderall Apparel TMZ reports that the three prescription drug companies are threatening to take legal action against the LA boutique in the
Girls Will Be Clothing Line Allows Kids To Express Individuality Clothes are one way kids express themselves, which is why it is so important for girls to see more options! So no girl ever
16 Awesome Fashion Editors You Should Get To Know Before Fashion Week (PHOTOS) Well, they're often overlooked. But don't worry -- we've created a roster of 16 fashion editors who are making waves, just
How to Say Goodbye to a Summer Love So with the change of seasons, how do you know if you can handle a long distance relationship this fall? If your guy is still in town, how do you know if your passionate summer love was just a fling or the real thing?
Dressing to Impress at George Washington University Yes, D.C is a more formal city, however many GW students not only attend class but also intern as well. This expectation of having an internship or participating in extracurricular activities in conjunction with schoolwork introduces a formal feel to the campus style.
The Best Fall Blushes To Maintain Your Summer Glow (PHOTOS) Worried about your complexion turning dull as summer comes to an end? Then we'd suggest updating your makeup routine with
Model Linda Evangelista Almost Quit Industry After Being Asked To Strip At 16 Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Look
The Secrets Behind Jared Leto's 2013 VMA Ombre Hairstyle 4. Take 10-15 random sized sections of hair and apply heat from a flat iron to bend pieces into place. This will lock in
The 5-Minute Sephora Makeover Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Just
Kat Von D Beats CoverGirl, Lancome, Maybelline With Facebook Fans Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. That's
Kate Moss' Instagram Account Is A Secret Picture these with the Valencia filter over 'em
History of Fake Tanning -- Sun-Kissed Skin, Minus the Skin Damage We've all seen it
Tom Ford Needs A Reality Check, According To These Tom Ford Quotes (QUOTES, PHOTOS) (Vogue UK, June 2009) On sex (to a GQ interviewer)
10 Vintage Trends We Want To See Come Back 3. Caftans. They are so comfortable, how could you not love them? (Also
Heidi Klum & Mel B's Makeup-Free Girls Night Looks Fun (PHOTO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Looks
Cheap Yet Stylish Wedding Dresses Sure, your wedding day is a memorable milestone -- but there's no need to start your new life in debt over a dress with a
What Can African Design Teach Us? The true beauty of African design lies in how it takes a complex concept like spiritualism and condenses it into a generic
Ciara's Paper Magazine Cover Looks Familiar (PHOTOS) See Ciara's finest
One Direction To Perform At Victoria's Secret Fashion Show? (UPDATED) The fivesome does have the charm and personality to roll with the Victoria's Secret Angels -- in fact, the youthful bandmates
Taylor Swift's VMAs 2013 Dress Is Straight Out Of A Vintage Hollywood Movie (PHOTOS) Taylor Swift doesn't have the most seamless track record at the MTV Video Music Awards, but that hasn't stopped the singer
Behind the Scenes With Dennis Basso On a wall in Dennis Basso's atelier hangs a sketch of a wedding gown, lovingly drawn and complete with a veil. It was the designer's first creation, imagined when Basso was just seven years old -- a promise of extraordinary things to come.
Selena Gomez's 2013 VMAs Versace Dress Is Quite Revealing (PHOTOS) The 2013 MTV VMAs red carpet was full of glitz and glamour, and Selena Gomez's dress was no exception. The brunette beauty
Back-to-School-Style Whether you're headed back to school or continue to be inspired by bouquets of freshly sharpened pencils despite having graduated over a decade ago, back-to-school spirit is in the air.
Miss Arab USA Pageant Is Real And It's Fabulous (VIDEO) A noble cause, indeed. We'll surely be following this year's Miss Arab USA, which begins August 31 in Scottsdale, Arizona
Lady Gaga 2013 VMAs Arrival Dress Is Not That Crazy (PHOTOS) The singer's been prone to lingerie-inspired looks as of late, but she covered up for the red carpet in a black floor-length
Celebrity Modelizers Have Been Around For Longer Than You Think Leonardo DiCaprio Today's quintessential modelizer, Leo has dated everyone from Bar Refaeli to Gisele Bundchen to Erin Heatherton
Courtney Love Better than Rodarte? Fresh off the creative brainwaves of Gareth Pugh? Made with the loving hands of an all-knowing Spanish
Rihanna's 2013 VMA Outfit Includes A Gold Cross Grill (PHOTOS) Check out Rihanna keeping it casual and cute at the 2013 MTV VMAs and tell us what you think! RiRi sported her jet black
To Haircut or Not to Haircut, That Is the Question My hair was my shield, my distractor and my secret weapon. Who needed to dress up when my waves were cascading over my shoulders and down my back, diverting attention from my makeup-free face or less-than-appropriate attire?
Back To School Nails, LA Dodgers Nail Art And More Instagram Manicures (PHOTOS) Manicure madness
Katy Perry's VMAs 2013 Dress Is Roar-tastic (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Rachel Bilson's Birthday Is A Fine Time To Praise The Actress' Ombre Hair (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Summer
Taylor Swift, Cate Blanchett And More In This Week's Best And Worst Beauty (PHOTOS) WORST
Emma Watson's $42 Sweatshirt Leads Our Cheap Celeb Finds Of The Week (PHOTOS) Emma Watson is one of the best-dressed celebs in Hollywood, so whatever she wears, we instantly covet. Though her Carven
North West Makes Her Debut And More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS) + More of our favorite Instagrams
Interview Magazine's 'Model Issue' Features Kate Moss, Naomi Campbell And More (PHOTOS) This sure ain't Kate the Great's first cover
Michelle Obama's Peplum Top Is By Prabal Gurung, Of Course (PHOTOS) Michelle's top is designed by Prabal Gurung, a HuffPost blogger and FLOTUS favorite who outfitted the first lady on many
Erin Wasson's VMAs 2013 Dress Is Her Sheerest Red Carpet Look Yet (PHOTOS) When Erin Wasson picked out her dress for tonight's Video Music Awards, the model must have known she would turn heads. The
MTV Music Awards 2013 Red Carpet It's the time of the years, guys
VMA 2013 Red Carpet The fashion of the MTV VMAs is notorious for being, well, highly unfashionable. From Rose McGowan's mesh dress-that-wasn't
VMA Fashion Is As Outrageous As It Gets (PHOTOS) Girl-group coordination at its finest. Christina Aguilera, 2002 Dennis Rodman, 1995 Who needs a scarf to keep you warm when
Robyn Lawley On Body-Shaming Lawley has a point. Perhaps if we work to shift our focus away from body labels, we can instead improve on the plus-size
Karl Lagerfeld Is 'A Friggin' Pimp, Man' & More Twitter Awesomeness This Week Twitter is our go-to gossip source, so we love it when our favorite fashion friends talk about each other. This week, Harper's
Olivia Wilde's Headphones, Vanessa Hudgens' Hat And More Cool Accessories Of The Week Lily Collins' Pluma Italia necklace The actress' clutch is so cool because it is lined with animal print, adding visual interest
Tim Gunn One place to start is to address sizing. \There is what I like to refer to as the lying, deceptive show-game of vanity sizing
Tommy Hilfiger Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. So
School Colors Now more than ever, teens have the desire to experiment with bold hair color as a means to shape their image, and it's leaving their parents with questions. How young is too young for color or highlights?
Why Vanity Projects Is More Than A Brush And Bottle Business There's no reason to have a boring manicure and what's more exciting than original art?
A Guide To The Best Facial Scrubs For Scrubbing Grossness Out Of Your Skin Dr. Wu believes that anti-aging, acne and other products with active ingredients tend to penetrate better after dead skin
The Top 10 Worst Video Music Awards Outfits of All Time MTV's Video Music Awards telecast has been celebrating the finest cinematic feats from its industry's biggest artists since 1984. But despite this purportedly aesthetic bent, the outfits worn by its attendees are not always quite so visually appealing.
Roberto Cavalli Custom-Designed Michael Jackson A Jacket, Which He Promptly Tossed We didn't know about that time Jackson came to Cavalli and asked him to revamp his look -- specifically, his signature footwear
The Joys and Hazards of Late-Blooming Style I truly believe that some women are born stylish. I am not one of them. But I'm grateful to be a late-bloomer. And here's why.
Dick Cavett Was The Most Dapper Man On Television, Bar None Ascots, disco suits and hats were a piece of cake. Interviewing Marlo Thomas, 1971 Interviewing David Bowie, 1974 Those black
President Obama vs. President Kennedy Sunglasses Style When President Obama was elected in 2008, he was heralded as a \cool\ president -- smooth, stylish, young
'Kids In Love,' Cara Delevingne's Movie, Is Officially Underway (PHOTOS) So there you have it, folks. Cara Delevingne is officially in a movie, and you probably won't even have to bother seeing
Rashida Jones' Band Of Outsiders Ads Are Coolest Thing We Saw All Week (PHOTOS) See a few of the shots below, and stay tuned to Tumblr.BandOfOutsiders.com for the last of the 10 photos to be unveiled by
Kanye Romanced Kim Kardashian With Custom Giuseppe Zanotti Shoes (VIDEO) \A friend of mine, Giuseppe Zanotti, had a shoe factory out there, so I brought her there and I sat there with Zanotti and
Lena Dunham Shows Off Lindsay Lohan-Inspired Style On Instagram  (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. More
Carr\u00e9 Otis Read the rest of Otis' unvarnished insights in \The Truth About Modeling
Bar Refaeli Fan Might Just Be The Most Adorable Fanboy Ever (PHOTOS) Icing on the cake? She captioned the shot, \I \u2764\ufe0fyou too.\ One fanboy in particular had arguably the best day of his life
This Week's Worst-Dressed List Includes Cate Blanchett In Head-To-Toe Orange Sherbet (PHOTOS) It looks like Lady Gaga is taking a page out of Michael Jackson's style book. But instead of looking like the King of Pop
13 Hair Mistakes You Need To Stop Making 13. Skipping nightly hair maintenance
Leonardo DiCaprio Turned Up At Model-Filled Party (PHOTOS) And here are all the models in attendance
Oscar De La Renta Told Hillary Clinton To Cut Her Hair (And She Didn't Listen) It is true that Hillary's hair was rather long back in her globe-trotting Secretary of State days. Remember the glittery
Garam Celina, Bartender, And Her DIY Green Tea Face Mask When we stumbled across Garam Celina with her messy ombre braid, bold red lipstick and gorgeous wing tip eyeliner, we knew
Kelly Osbourne's Bangs Are A New Way To Wear Purple Hair (PHOTOS) Do you? Old hair
Heidi Klum, Taylor Swift Face-Off In The Same Dress More style battles
Fragrant Debuts She learned about fire tree, native to western Australian, which is burned when new people join the community or for events
Model Polaroids Remind Us That Kate Upton, Miranda Kerr & Liu Wen Weren't Always So Glam Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Below
Broke Is the New Black By the time I was 24, I owed nearly $35,000 on eight credit cards. Staying on top of the payments was like having a second full-time job.
J. Crew Online Shopping Experience Is The Best One Out There, Survey Says The retailer is being lauded this month as the top e-commerce site out there, according to StellaService's Monthly Benchmarks
Jennifer Love Hewitt Gives Herself A Make-Under For The Red Carpet (PHOTOS) But as any expectant mom will tell you, pregnancy changes you -- and for J-Love, that means undergoing somewhat of a make
9 Things About Pants Every Guy Needs To Know Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Right
Cher, Bob Mackie Reunite For Singer's Farewell Tour (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Cher's
Benefit Mascara Ad Puts Male Private Parts Front And Center (VIDEO) Does the campaign make you want to go out and buy Benefit's mascara? Or does the idea of using mascara that's been down a
New Push for Diversity in Lingerie Lingerie brands may be the right target for such a social media campaign. The industry, broader than the giant Victoria's Secret brand, seems responsive to changes based on consumer demand.
Harry Styles' Burberry Shirt Might Just Be His Favorite (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Sure
David Beckham's Modeling Career Is A Go With New H&M Ads (PHOTOS) See all of Beckham's H&M ads
Jenn Rogien, 'Orange Is The New Black' Costume Designer, Talks Granny Panties And Maxi Pads I have to ask about the lingerie situation in prison because it's never explicitly dealt with in the show. Is it standard
Disturbing Photo Shows South Korean Plastic Surgery For Permanent Smile? South Korea has become the world leader in per-capita plastic surgery, according to data from the International Society of
What Portland Can Teach The Rest Of America About Getting Dressed We launched our United States in Style series to document local \uniforms\ across America. After our first stop in New Mexico
Scared Of Black Nail Polish? Here's A Manicure Anyone Can Handle (VIDEO) Some more nail art to love
The Good Wives Faith in our elected officials may be fading, but of this we're sure
10 Great Drugstore Hair Products We go in with the intention of buying nothing more than toilet paper, but somehow we always leave toting these beauty finds
The 12 Best Beauty Products The impact of the international beauty market on global trends is hardly subtle. Read more on Refinery29.com
Rachel Zoe, Star Of Show Called 'The Rachel Zoe Project' PHOTO
Celebrity Bang Looks For Every Face Shape Bangs are having a serious moment in Hollywood. Read more on BellaSugar.com
Kristen Wiig's 'SNL' Costumes Were Ridiculous... But Her Style Is Actually Awesome At one point or another, you've probably watched Kristen Wiig on Saturday Night Live and laughed so hard you cried. We've
Nailed It! Will Bring Nail Art To Reality TV On New Oxygen Competition Show Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Nail
Miley Cyrus 'Secretly' Growing Her Hair Long And Other Hollywood Follicle Illusions None of that speculation arose when Miley wielded her pair of scissors. No one shrugged and said, \Oh well, she can just
Fellas, This Is How Your Suit Should Fit (PHOTOS) All photos by Raydene Salinas/HPMG. 4. Shirt cuffs. A quarter to half an inch of your shirt cuff is the perfect amount to
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) GET READY, GET SET, BID!!! Please note that Zuburbia does not endorse the use of fur, feathers, leather or animal skins in
Of Baseball, Life and Poetry It's a damn shame. Tim teaches at Catawba Valley Community College in Hickory, North Carolina, and has written 11 books and
Kate Middleton's Seraphine Dress In Official Royal Baby Portrait Is Flattering, Affordable (PHOTOS) That seems to be Kate Middleton's post-birth style mantra. In true duchess fashion, the new mom is loyal to her latest brand
Alessandra Ambrosio's 'Funny Or Die' Cameo Proves The Model Has A Sense Of Humor (VIDEO) Watch the video above to see Alessandra as you've never seen her before. What do you think of the supermodel's comedic turn
Samantha Cameron's Vacation Style Looks Like It Came Straight From A Catalog (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. SamCam's
We're Obsessed With How Cute Amy Poehler & Aubrey Plaza Look On The Red Carpet (PHOTOS) Some red carpets are for show-stopping gowns and some are for unbridled awesomeness. Fortunately, Amy Poehler and Aubrey
Sunny Obama, Obamas' New Dog, Has Lots To Learn From Bo (PHOTOS) Occasionally, you'll be trotted out for a photo opp. Enjoy puppyhood -- these are the cutest days of your life. Roll with
11 Ways to Save When Shopping for Shoes Although few of us can afford runway-quality footwear, there are plenty shopping tricks to follow for bagging name brands for less. Here are 11 ways you can save on shoes.
Gisele Bundchen Tops Forbes' 2013 Highest-Paid Models List For The Seventh Time (PHOTOS) 4. Kate Moss
Anna Wintour's Instagram Debut Was Taken By A Professional Photographer (PHOTO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. The
Rihanna's Mullet Makes Its Instagram Debut (PHOTO, POLL) It looks like she thought of one
Cara Delevingne Sings -- And She's Actually Pretty Good (VIDEO) Check out the video above to hear Cara's soulful, bluesy harmonies with Will Heard. Would you buy this one off iTunes? The
Rumored 'NSYNC Reunion Has Us Praying For Cornrows, Double Denim & Bandanas Chris' ponytail
Asantewaa Prempeh, Filmmaker, And Her Eyeliner That Never Gives Up As far as makeup, she swipes on a black eyeliner from MAC Cosmetics every day. \I like the smudge and the smokiness you can
The Fascinating Story Behind JFK's Fragrance (Which You Can Now Wear, Too) This fall marks the 50th anniversary of the assassination of John F. Kennedy. There are all sorts of events planned in Dallas
David Beckham's Underwear Ads For H&M Bring Him Back To His Roots (PHOTOS) \I love the heritage athletic style of the new pieces in my Bodywear collection at H&M. The vests, pajama pants and raglan
Leather, Kilts and Corsets It's a well-known fact that when the Indianapolis convention center was built and later greatly expanded, the eye on the main prize was, not surprisingly, the Republican National Convention.
The Life of a Style Wanderer in NYC As I rode back uptown I realized that I had a great night in style. I remembered why I came to this city in the first place. Its really the place where dreams are made realities.
DoubleD Ranchwear's history and heritage and why you want to own it Every little girl grows up dreaming about ponies. There is something about our love of western heritage that just sticks. We had a few special women heroes to count on as kids.
8 Tips for Realizing Your Full Skin Potential No matter what season you're in, it's always a good idea to check in with your skin health and make sure you are doing everything you can to realize your full skin potential.
Chrissy Teigen's Skittles Ambush Gives The Model A Sweet Surprise (VIDEO) Don't cry for Chrissy just yet, though -- the model won't wear underwear to her impending wedding to John Legend
Lady Gaga, Rooney Mara and More In This Week's Best & Worst Beauty (PHOTOS) Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostBeauty
Anna Dello Russo 'Works Out' And More Amazing Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS) This week on Instagram, it was all about great quotes. Intermix gave us the perfect definition of style, while beauty blogger
'Homeless/Hobo Look' Gets A Spot On ASOS Fashion Finder Site (PHOTO) PHOTO
Ashley Tisdale Bravely Tries A Mullet Shirt (PHOTOS) Thoughts on the mullet shirt? Does the style work in top form? And is it as awesome as this other Ashley Tisdale shirt? We've
Michelle Obama's Talbots Dress Leads Our 'Cheap Celeb Finds Of The Week' (PHOTOS) When FLOTUS stepped off a private plane in Orlando earlier this week, we instantly fell in love with her sunny yellow dress
Jessica Alba's Jeans Make A Case For The Drop-Crotch Style (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Kate Moss, Style Icon, Encased In Bronze Bodysuit In Dazzling Pop Cover (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
We've Found Our Perfect Airport Bags (PHOTOS) George's simple beige clutch pulls her look together to achieve maximum sophistication. It's a great piece to make a basic
Heidi Klum As A Young Punk And More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS) We love when celebrities post throwback photos of themselves as kids, and Heidi Klum always posts the best ones. This week
Victoria Beckham Is Giuliana Rancic's Doppelganger (PHOTOS) Both have a penchant for wearing head-to-toe black, oversized sunnies and sky-high heels. They also both share a fondness
Ireland Baldwin's Elle Shoot Is A Gorgeous Reminder Of Who Her Mother Is (PHOTOS) But the 17-year-old star, previously more famous for her celebrity parents than her modeling chops, has upped the ante with
Kate Middleton Goes Back To Duties In One Month Less than two months after the birth of their son Prince George, the Duchess of Cambridge is set to go back to work when
Lord Frederick Windsor, Sophie Winkleman Welcome Baby Girl The parents, Lord Frederick Windsor and Sophie Winkleman, welcomed a baby girl yesterday at the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical
Beyonce's Haircut Is Already Gone (PHOTOS) It was fun while it lasted. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram
Jennifer Coolidge \I hate Spanx because even though they look so good under your clothes, sometimes mid-wedding I'll be like, 'I feel so nauseous
Jane Birkin's Not Such A Big Fan Of Bathing, Apparently So there you have it, folks
Bra Sizes and Bigger Breasts Recent survey results from bra retailer Intimacy revealed that American women are wearing bigger bras than they did 20 years ago. The average size reportedly jumped from 34B to 34DD.
How Girls Get Ready for Girls Night Out 10. So you give up 17. You're just about ready to leave but first you need to use the mirror to test the dance move integrity
A Conversation With Menswear Designer John Varvatos The menswear designer John Varvatos whose style is all about irreverent, tailored and rock and roll pieces talks about alternative careers, tequila and of course, rock and roll.
Six Decades Of Cosmo Covers Show How 'Sexy' Has (And Hasn't) Changed July 1989
35 Fall Fashion Must-Haves That You Can Actually Afford (PHOTOS) Here at HuffPost Style, we love checking Net-A-Porter and creating fantasy shopping carts filled with C\u00e9line and Stella McCartney
Betsey Johnson Is More Down To Earth Than She Looks I imagined her doing cartwheels in her penthouse apartment that was adorned with pink frill and confetti. I imagined lots of champagne, vacationing and hangouts with Lisa Loeb. However, since the show first aired I have watched religiously and realized I could not have been more wrong.
9 Awesome Facts About Lemons You Should Know 7. They calm dry scalp and remedy dandruff. We're huge believers in DIY hair masks. Massaging a combination of household
Workout Clothes For Women Forever 21 Contrast Waist Workout Shorts, $12 MICHAEL Michael Kors Down Vest, $90 6. The brighter, the better. 8. When in
On Waris Dirie, Our Monday Muse With racial diversity on the runway an ongoing issue -- women of color continue to be overwhelmingly underrepresented -- we've recently been thinking about the legacy of fashion icon Waris Dirie.
Autumn Beauty The chilly run-up to Christmas can dry out your skin, so it's wise to start thinking about those heavy duty moisturisers and lip balms before fine wrinkles begin to appear. Your first point of call should be your skin care routine, so out with the old and in with the new!
Princess Isabella Is Too Stylish, Cute On Her First Day Of School (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Sarah Ferguson's Balmoral Visit Sparks Wedding Rumors For Princess Beatrice Fergie was spotted leaving the Aberdeen airport en route to meet up with ex-husband Prince Andrew and her daughters, Princesses
Lily Collins' Cutout Dress PHOTOS
Where Music and Style Meet Christian Rich, the production team duo creating a name for themselves within music and style. From DJ sets at the Stussy store to touring Europe, these twin brothers always incorporate a unique sense of style when performing.
Falling In Love With The September Issue \January may be the traditional marker of a New Year, but for me September has always represented true change and hope.\
Phillip Lim For Target The full 3.1 Phillip Lim for Target collection has been revealed, and darn if it isn't the most appealing designer collaboration
Jennifer Lawrence Relives Awful Haircut For Vogue (PHOTOS) In case we'd forgotten just how silly she is, Lawrence revealed this anecdote to Vogue
Miley Cyrus' Teen Choice Awards Outfit Is Saint Laurent Bondage (PHOTOS) Somehow we're still not convinced. But what about you? Check out Miley's Teen Choice Awards get-up, complete with some eye
Selena Gomez's Double-Slit Dress Is... Awkward (PHOTOS, POLL) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Tell
Chrissy Teigen's No-Underwear Policy Comes With Several Guidelines (VIDEO) So why doesn't she do undergarments? \I just don't like it,\ Teigen explained, keeping her legs firmly together. OK, so sometimes
Victoria Beckham's Life Isn't Always So Posh (PHOTO) Just like... us? Well, kind of. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and
Cara Delevingne Is The Funniest Model Around (PHOTOS,GIFS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. More
Deborah Ni, Frieda & Nellie Production Assistant, On How She Recycles Leftover Lipstick Photo/Art
Sleep Cycle App Is A Must-Download For Girls Who Take Their Beauty Rest Seriously Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostBeauty
All About August For many, August feels like the month of last hurrahs -- squeezing in a few more barbecues, beaches, and weekend getaways before Labor Day and that old \Back to School\ mentality sneak in to end our summer fun.
Beyonc\u00e9's Vogue Cover Outsold Michelle Obama's Queen Bey is truly ruling the world this year\u2013and that includes magazine newsstands. Read more on Fashionista
Anthony Weiner's Pants Are Reason Enough To Keep Up With His Ongoing Scandal (PHOTOS) Think Weiner's got a trouser strategy? PHOTOS
10 Reasons Molly Ringwald's Style Is Still The Coolest Oh, and make sure you can move in it. And with the girl came some iconic '80s style, served up in films like Hughes' \Sixteen
Beyonce Cuts Her Hair And More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS) This week, we spent way too many hours on Instagram. But it's not our fault -- the snaps were just so good. Between Beyonc\u00e9's
Rachel McAdams, Jodie Foster & More In This Week's Best And Worst Beauty (PHOTOS) Wow! That hair has enough volume to last weeks. Simpson should have toned it down with both her locks and smudged eyeliner
Michelle Obama's Vacation Style Is Pretty Similar To Her Everyday Look (PHOTOS) Because style never takes a vacation
H&M Headdress Pulled From Stores After Offending Shoppers (PHOTOS) Wheeler e-mailed H&M to explain her concern and the store promised to pull the so-called \hipster headdress\ from their inventory
Rihanna's Bikini And More Cheap Celeb Finds Of The Week (PHOTOS) This week, we fell in love with Ashley Tisdale's C\u00e9lfie t-shirt, and we were ecstatic when we discovered that the top only
Jason Wu Makeup To Launch In Time For Fashion Week (PHOTO) PHOTO
Nina Garcia Will See New York Fashion Week Through Google Glass (PHOTO) As dorky as Google Glass may seem, we're not terribly surprised by its high-fashion perch -- after all, the tool debuted
Clutches Make A Comeback In Our Accessories Of The Week (PHOTOS) These mint green strappy heels are just beautiful. We love how they add a pop of color to her floral dress, and the ties
Fergie's Baby Picture And More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS) Fergie was feeling nostalgic for her childhood days this week, (perhaps because she has a child of her own on the way) and
Radiation Technique For Knockoffs May Be The Coolest Way To Spot A Fake However, as Salon notes, certain counterfeits could still fool the system -- but only if they were made with the same type
Miss World Winner Priyanka Chopra is used to putting her face and body on stage, as both an actress and the winner of the Miss World pageant
The Nipple Bra Is The 1970s Most Confusing Contribution To Lingerie History (PHOTO) Coming to a store near you. Not.
The Week's Worst-Dressed List Includes Kelly Osbourne In An '80s Prom Dress (PHOTOS) The \Modern Family\ star attempted to wear an avant-garde dress, but she fell a little short. The tacked-on embellishments
Olivia Wilde Is A Lady In Red On Our Best-Dressed List This Week (PHOTOS) Strapless gowns can be so elegant, especially when they fit properly like Hatcher's. Her metallic dress flatters her hourglass
Dear Men, Please Grow a Set Being brave isn't just necessary to win the girl of your dreams, but in order to keep her. Being honest takes courage. The courage to speak your truth and risk the possibility of your partner laughing or yelling at you. Or leaving.
Why Your Makeup Is More Harmful Than You Think Have any more questions? Stop by Katey Denno's fantastic blog for all things natural beauty. All these things may sound really
Baby In Watermelon Shorts Makes Our Heart Melt (PHOTOS) Heart. Exploding. How this new trend got started is still a little unclear, but we have to say, it looks incredibly refreshing
Functional to Fashionable Fitness Threads One of the first ways to take your outfit from the gym to the mall is to switch your shoes. A lot of the latest sneaker fashions are incorporating some fashion-forward favorites
Princess Mary Sniffs Beauty Products, Checks Out Clothes At Fashion Fair (PHOTOS) Check out Princess Mary's lovely look from yesterday's fashion fair and tell us if you like her style! Remember her big wedding
Miley Cyrus' Red Carpet Dress Is Sending A Message (PHOTOS) She always keeps us guessing. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and
Rita Ora's Hair Is A Total Throwback (PHOTOS) Maybe \helmet hair\ is going a bit far to describe Rita Ora's new hairdo. But the singer's blonde bob, which she just got
Tyra Banks And because we all need a good reminder of this epic moment from 2007
Drugstore Beauty Products For Us Brown Girls Most brands make one or two shades -- usually named after syrup flavors like mocha or caramel -- neither of those work for me.
Bo Oglesbee, Tory Burch Fashion Designer, And Her Unusual Sunburn Remedy When pressed for more details, Oglesbee revealed how simple this beauty trick really is. \I just peel a raw brown potato
Think Retail Therapy Will Cure Loneliness? Think Again, Says A New Study Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. If
The Fashion Industry's Body Labels Might Do More Harm Than Good (VIDEO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Watch
Kate Upton PHOTOS
Ashley, Mary-Kate Olsen Launch New Collaboration With Bik Bok (PHOTOS) Yep, Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen have yet another fashion line hitting stores. The Olsen twins are collaborating with Bik
Miley Cyrus In Couture? Yep, Harper's Bazaar Has Made It Happen (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Beyonce's Short Hair Is An Epic New Look (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Why Princess Beatrice Is More Stylish Than Kate Middleton (PHOTOS) Any objections? Sound off in the comments! Oh, and if shearling bomber jackets don't make people look cool, then we don't
Time to Pack It's no coincidence that you will often hear people lamenting, \Ugghhh, I have to pack tonight.\ Taking the time to plan and strategize your looks prior to departure can be both bothersome and a challenge, but at the end of the day, it's an absolute necessity.
1920s Hairstyles That Defined The Decade, From The Bob To Finger Waves (PHOTOS) Greta Garbo Another highlight of the '20s that exemplified change was the evolution of women's hairstyles. Ladies were saying
Guys, There Is A Right Way And A Wrong Way To Wear Shorts Behold, our eight commandment for guy's shorts. Significant others, if you're reading this, please pass the information along
Jurlique Rosewater Balancing Mist Really Makes Your Skin Glow The Jurlique Rosewater Balancing Mist comes with a steep price tag ($60 a pop), but I have been using it religiously for
Charlotte Casiraghi Engaged, Expecting Child With Gad Elmaleh Which could mean we've got another Monaco heir and another \royal\ wedding on our hands this year! Charlotte's brother, Andrea
Lena Dunham's Mod Look Is Fresh, Gorgeous (PHOTOS) While plenty of Lena's outfits are polarizing (see here and here), we think this one should sit well with the world. Check
Teen YouTube Star Bethany Mota's Beauty Routine Is Good Enough For Grown-Ups (VIDEO) Watch the full segment on HuffPost Live. YouTube is filled with video tutorials by beauty gurus who put their skills out
Avoid The Sun, Get Some Sleep & More Anti-Aging Tips From The Creator Of Time Bomb Do that and use effective products, and you are well on your way to bombing time, so to speak. Says Federici, \We're in the
Phillip Lim Target Bag Premieres In Fall Ads (PHOTOS) We got our first glimpse of the budget-conscious line to come on Instagram on Wednesday, when blogger Fashion Foie Gras shared
'The Bachelorette' Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Nice
Rebel Wilson Teaches Us How To Look 'Mad Cool' With Style Advice In Cosmopolitan (PHOTO) Somebody give this girl a style book deal! Check out how \mad cool\ Rebel looks riding a Segway in the photo below. PHOTO
'Downton Abbey' Cast Looks Very Different On The Red Carpet (PHOTOS) So what happens when our favorite Brits are plucked from the show's regal set and placed on the modern-day red carpet? A
Coach Barbie Comes With The Smallest, Cutest Leather Purses Ever (PHOTOS) It would have been pretty cool if Coach gave Barbie this body
What The Heck Is Christy Turlington Talking About In This Calvin Klein Ad? (VIDEO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Maybe
What Every Guy Needs To Know About Fashion We know some of you like to wear your shorts, er, looser... but please don't follow Soulja Boy's lead and wear these shorts
Sam Edelman Launching Clothing Line To Match Its Awesome Shoes We're constantly getting compliments on our perfect \nice but not too fancy\ summer sandals. The perfect pair are hard to
Karlie Kloss 'Too Famous' To Walk In Runway Shows Now Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. [h
Ashley Tisdale Mocks Selfies, Fashion In One Awesome T-Shirt (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
4 Things to Do Now to Improve Your Online Dating Profile As an online dating coach, one of the biggest complaints I hear from men is that after a while, every profile they view looks the same. There are too many choices and their searching process becomes so blurry.
Christian Fashion Line Is Brainchild Of Former Model, Kylie Bisutti (PHOTOS) Doesn't ring a bell? Well, Kylie is here to remind you with her all-new Christian clothing line, God Inspired, or Gi. The
9 Dos And Don'ts Of Growing Healthier And Stronger Nails Evidence
Jenners vs. Olsens They both take a hands-on role when it comes to their design endeavors. They're good at posing for photo ops. Their very
Andrea Casiraghi & Tatiana Santo Domingo Set A Wedding Date But if the wedding is truly private, we'll miss out on seeing all these glittery guests in one room -- er, palace together
Chrissy Teigen \u200fTo Become 'The Padma Of Snacks' On MTV Food Show 'Snackdown' \Snackdown\ isn't slated for MTV until 2014, but we're already psyched to see Chrissy bring her love of food and her sassy
Three Ways To Amp Up Your White Manicure White nails have been a major trend all summer, but in true procrastinator form, I just got my first crisp, white mani of
Ten Tips To Get Rid Of Sun Damage If you forgot to slather on liberal amounts of SPF all season, there's no need to panic -- we've rounded up 10 ways to help
It's 'Shark Week!' Here's What To Wear Shark Week kicked off last night\u2013breaking the marathon\u2019s 26-year-record in terms of viewership. Read more on Fashionista.com
How Botox Numbs Your Face and Your Emotions The decision to get botox or plastic surgery is more than a cosmetic choice. It is an emotional choice. When thinking about botox and plastic surgery we have to address some of the emotional repercussions of numbing both our face and our feelings.
Moziah Bridges, 11, Is The Cutest Bow Tie Designer Ever (VIDEO) His future customers? You'd be hard-pressed to find a kid as stylish or as motivated as Moziah Bridges. At just 11 years
VID\u00c9O. Pub lingerie  Tous les ingr\u00e9dients d'une bonne publicit\u00e9 pour un soutien-gorge sont l\u00e0 
Jamaica, My Style Inspiration We see it the lines of Marchesa to Rachel Roy. Designers are inspired by their travels. I recently traveled to Jamaica for a week, real Jamaica, not the tourist overrun locations. My trip was more of an excursion than a vacation.
Is Your Spa Ready for a Walk-Through? It is amazing how the simple basics, like having robes to accommodate all body sizes can be overlooked at the finest of facilities.
15 Lessons In Fearless Fashion From Ginger Spice Ginger Spice was one of our heroes growing up, singing loud and proud about female empowerment -- or, as she put it in the
Amazon Photoshop Fail Is The Strangest Thing We've Seen All Day (PHOTOS) [H/T Photoshop Disasters] PHOTOS
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) This eclectic mix of designer and non-designer vintage clothing and accessories caught my discerning eye because of its uniqueness
Sarah Jessica Parker's Gucci Dress Is A Sight To Behold (PHOTOS) More reasons to raise an eyebrow
Is Miss Universe Olivia Culpo Dating Nick Jonas? Did Miss Universe land herself a Jonas Brother? Rumor has it that Olivia Culpo is dating Nick Jonas. \They were holding hands
Botox Partaaaaay! Two martinis and three sushi rolls later, I am finding the whole evening rather funny. D is not laughing -- or maybe she is... it will be easier to tell in a few months when the botox wears off.
Pauline Ducruet, Princess Stephanie's Daughter, Is Pretty Stylish (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. When
Why The Fashion World Needs To Retire Body Type Labels \A woman's shape can't be translated into an inanimate object or piece of fruit.\
4 Glamorous Ways To Wear A Head Wrap (VIDEO) It's Monday morning and after an exhausting weekend, the last thing you want to deal with is a bad hair day. A ponytail or
Marlies Bauer, Acting Student, And Her Thinning Hair Fix We had no idea how much we missed our '80s braided headbands until we spotted Marlies Bauer sporting a modern version. The
Scarlett Johansson's Dress Is Katy Perry's Tricky Met Gala Look (PHOTOS, POLL) PHOTOS
Ann Taylor Shoes Now Ghost-Designed By Vince Camuto (PHOTOS) That's because the new shoes won't bear Camuto's name, according to Women's Wear Daily. The label is instead overseeing production
Elle Macpherson Ad Resurfaces On Twitter To Stir Up Outrage (PHOTO) Ironically, back in 2004, another Elle Macpherson Intimates advertisement caused controversy, but it wasn't \Blue Shoes.\ An
Prince William's Diaper Duty Errand Is Pretty Adorable To Imagine (PHOTOS) Awww. It looks like Will had a pretty good time getting out of the house, though. He and Harry arrived at the park wearing
Spanx 'Star Power' Line Inspired By Celebrities (PHOTOS) While most of Spanx's offerings seem designed as secret weapons, there's no denying that most of these new products, like
Diane Kruger Pulls A Brad Pitt In Her New Chanel Ad (VIDEO) WATCH
Jessica Lange, 64, Still Looks Absolutely Stunning (PHOTOS) We're sure Paul McCartney didn't have someone as stunning as Jessica Lange in mind when he sang of a balding, helpless 64
15 Ways Obama's Style Elevates The Dorky Dad Look (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. In
Behati Prinsloo, Victoria's Secret Angel, Doesn't Believe In Bras Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. You'd
Elle Macpherson Married To Jeffrey Soffer In Fiji Here comes the bride
Diane Kruger's Dress Puts Actress' Bra In The Spotlight (PHOTOS, POLL) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. What
AGENDA ts expansiveness, acute organization and the enthusiasm from the buyers, booth & brand reps and all those invited to attend, was nothing short of overwhelming.
How Salt Water Really Affects Your Hair & What To Do About It Here at HuffPost Style, we are passionate about protecting our skin from the sun. Laying out on the beach for hours may feel
Arnold From 'Hey Arnold!' Was The Original Hipster (PHOTOS) Check out that plaid shirt. That hat is ten sizes too small on purpose, probably bought at a flea market or thrift shop. That
Hair Brushes Our Editors Trust To Smooth & Tease Their Strands (PHOTOS) Double-Sided Military Brush, $2, beautysbin.com \It's a durable brush that has one side with hard bristles and the opposite
NARS Radiant Cream Compact Foundation Makes Wearing Makeup In The Summer Possible More amazing summer makeup
Hansol Park, Lighting Design Graduate, Mixes Lipsticks To Get The Perfect Shade There are two things we love most in this world
Braided Hairstyles We'll Always Love, From Frida Kahlo To Janet Jackson (PHOTOS) Elizabeth Taylor, \Cleopatra,\ 1963
7 Mascara Tips To Get Your Longest Lashes Ever (VIDEO) Eyelashes still won't separate? A light dusting of translucent or face powder will help to define each and every single hair
Ear Cuffs So how do you wear a bold ear cuff? It's actually pretty easy. You just need to treat it like any piece of costume jewelry
9 Tricks To Make Your Clothes Look More Expensive (PHOTOS, GIFS) 9. Store your pieces properly. Hanging loose knit sweaters on wire hangers can stretch them out. If you store your item the
12 Reasons You Really Don't Need Makeup Makeup is expensive! Take some time to calculate all the money you've spent on makeup and then think about what you could
Prince George's Nickname Is Georgie, But We Can Think Of A Few More Good Ones G-Money Lil' G Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle
Jessica Alba's ASOS Dress Is A Michelle Obama, Huma Abedin Fave (PHOTOS) With an affordable price tag like that, it's no wonder Huma Abedin also scooped up the dress for her own turn as political
MAC's Antonio Lopez Collection Stars Jerry Hall, Marisa Berenson And Pat Cleveland (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. The
Time to Ramp it Up for National Romance Awareness Month An overwhelming amount of singles are not satisfied with the amount of romance in their lives, with 80 percent of the men and 73 percent of women, claiming not to be happy in the romance department. How can you add more romance to your life and be happier?
Socks With Sandals Voted Worst Fashion Faux Pas Location, location
Style Tips for the Modern Mom Many of us mompreneurs work from home and spend much of our day conducting work meetings, shuttling around our kids, trying to squeeze in a workout and running errands for home and work. Wouldn't it be great if we could accomplish all of this and also look stylish as well?
Shailene Woodley Goes Barefoot On The Red Carpet, Is Generally Awesome (PHOTOS) See Shailene's endearing red carpet moment below and tell us if you'd grace the red carpet without shoes. The actress attended
The Master Perfumer - Roja Dove It's the moment we've all been waiting for. Any perfumista worth his or her Chanel No. 5 certainly knows the name Roja Dove. I knew it from the articles and books I have written by him, as he is known as the world's foremost authority on perfumery.
Kate Upton's David Yurman Ads Elevate Her To Gisele Bundchen Status (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Princess Diana For Vanity Fair Is The Best September Cover Yet (PHOTO) The people's princess
George Prince George has many years to live up to the name carried by many a royal and many a celebrity, but we all know he will inevitably become a heart-throb in his own right. Here's a list of our favorite heart-throb George's of all time.
13 Lessons We Can Learn From Veteran Actresses' Style (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. 11
Ask Michael Cohen Can you please stop using the word 'besties?' You sound like a 16-year-old girl who actually has no 'besties.' Anyway, you have two choices here
Olivia Wilde's Fashion Magazine Cover Looks A Little Too Perfect... (PHOTOS) Think there's some foul Photoshop play going on here? Check out the cover and tell us if this is a classic Photoshop Fail
'The Fashion Fund,' Little-Watched CFDA/Vogue Reality Show, Returns This December The six one-hour episodes will premiere on Ovation this December. Brush up on the first season on Hulu to prepare yourself
Bo Derek Is Still Stunning 34 Years After That Infamous '10' Swimsuit Scene (PHOTOS) Once a sex symbol, always a sex symbol. Bo Derek yesterday
Jennifer Aniston Covers Glamour In Her Favorite Garment (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. The
Hear Heidi Klum Speak German In New Secret Agent Mascara Ad (VIDEO) Unfortunately for those of us stateside, the product Heidi's shilling is sold in Germany. But hearing her speak her native
Celebrity Beauty Products 'Not Good Value For Money,' Says Study Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. According
Tyra Banks Gets Our Attention With Big Hair, Major Makeup & Plunging Dress (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
I'm Gonna Pop Some Tags There was a time, not all that long ago, when thrift stores and consignment shops were seen exclusively as the domain of
20 Stylish Backpacks For The New School Year Whether your little one is headed out for his first day of kindergarten or is an old hat at the school game (with the homework
Must-Have Items For Your Beach Bag Fill your tote to the brim with shore-side must-haves, including bright jewelry, designer towels, and stylish gadget cases
5 Things To Do With Avocados Besides Make Guacamole Soothe and nourish dry facial skin. You've got to be extra careful these days and read the ingredients labels on beauty products
Student Style at the University of Alabama The University of Alabama is praised for its pristine sports program and its multitude of national championships, but it is students' laid-back, classic sense of style that truly mirrors the sweet southern charm for which we are known.
Prince George No matter whether you hear him called -- \George Cambridge,\ \George Wales\ or \George Mountbatten-Windsor\ -- the closest thing to a statutory surname that our new little prince will have will be \Windsor.\
Women Use Designer Bags To Fend Off Jealous Would-Be Man Stealers, Study Claims Are these women all trying to scare off \man poachers\? This just in
Lucky Magazine Gets A Makeover Thanks To New Editor-In-Chief (PHOTOS) Lucky's not the only one looking different
Lauren Williams, Fitness Model, Shares Her Flawless Skin Secrets We felt like total creeps staring at fitness model Lauren Williams' toned bod. (Check out her sculpted arms in that spaghetti
50 Things You Should Never Say To A Woman About Her Hair 20. \Is that human hair?\ 45. \Is it real?\ 49. \Is that how you're gonna wear your hair out?\ 39. \Who's hair is that, and
Queen Sofia's Purse Puts Grandchildren On Display In Cutest Way (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
We Hear What We See... Anthony Weiner, despite urgings to drop out of the race, still believes he's next in line to occupy City Hall in New York.  Even with the latest \sextmate\ coming forward to share excruciating TMI, his loyal spouse continues to profess her devotion to making this happen.
Hillary Clinton Shows Off New Hair At Lunch With President Obama (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Kate Moss' Esquire Cover Is Model's First Men's Magazine Appearance In 17 Years (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Marc Jacobs Makeup, The Royal Baby And More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS) This week on Instagram, it was all about great \Throwback Thursday\ photos. Between Rodarte's pic of the adorable Elle Fanning
Princess Charlene Out-Glams Natalia Vodianova At Love Ball In Monaco (PHOTOS) Princess Charlene of Monaco held her own beside model Natalia Vodianova at the Love Ball, a fete to benefit Vodianova's Naked
12 Unforgettable Style Lessons From Jackie Kennedy (PHOTOS) Lesson #1
Kate Middleton, Aubrey Plaza & More Best & Worst Beauty This Week (PHOTOS) We were also taken aback by a lot of great lip colors on this side of the pond, from Solange Knowles' perfect red lipstick
Katie Holmes' Splendid Dress And More Cheap Celeb Finds Of The Week (PHOTOS) Our favorite celebrity outfits often include a big designer name and an even bigger price tag. But sometimes the stars throw
Katy Perry's Intense Pre-Vogue Diet Makes Us Never Want To Pose For Vogue Ever (VIDEO) Too late for that. The photos were gorgeous, plus Katy has admitted to preferring a high-maintenance beauty routine anyway
Metallic Heels Top Our Accessories Of The Week (PHOTOS) Metallic and great statement-making jewelry are all the rage right now. We were particularly moved by both of these trends
Hilarious Royal Baby Tweets And More In This Week's Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS) It was royal baby madness this week. Thankfully, some of our favorite Twitter personalities thought of some pretty humorous
6 Times It's Totally OK To Wear Flip-Flops (PHOTOS, GIFS) The subway is no place for fancy shoes. 6. Running errands. Clearly, these ladies made the wrong choice
Karl Lagerfeld Documentary Gives Designer 'Fashion Pope' Treatment Neuen follows Lagerfeld throughout the course of the film, shot over a span of 16 months. The documentarian also speaks to
A Three Hundred Dollar What?! What makes a $300 haircut better than a $20, $60 or even $100 haircut? What does that big number really indicate? You have likely asked this question time and time again in your search for the right Salon and Stylist.
Summer Houseguests My error -- one I would never repeat -- was in failing to determine, before my friend's arrival, precisely how long he planned to stay.
David Cameron's Vacation Features Laid-Back Style With Wife Samantha (PHOTOS) See more of SamCam's awesome fashion
Miley Cyrus' Long Hair Wasn't Real, The Singer Reveals (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Miley Cyrus was an open book when she sat down with Harper's Bazaar's executive editor Laura Brown for the latest episode
9 Royal Dresses That Got Us Plebeians Talking (PHOTOS) 3. Princess Diana's \Revenge Dress\ We love a dress with a good story. Eat your heart out, Prince Charles. 8. Princess Mary
Now Hiring?! Window shopping through the Meatpacking District of Manhattan there is one trend that every designer has opted for this season
Hope Push Up Bra Ad Puts World Leaders On Woman's Breasts (PHOTOS, POLL) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. PHOTOS
Oscar de la Renta Talks Galliano, Weiner Scandal & Second Chances (WATCH) But don't think de la Renta grown soft when it comes to forgiveness -- the 81-year-old's sympathy only extends so far. When
Orlando Bloom's Foot Fetish Has Miranda Kerr Talking Ever wonder why Miranda Kerr's feet are so perfect and polished? Well, it turns out her hubby Orlando Bloom has a bit of
Burberry Children's Ads Are Too Cute For Words (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. It's
Fashion Historians and Fashionistas Take Note I continue to be surprised that I still have not gotten historical credit for a dress I designed in 1968 and in 2013 sold 12,000 units of the dress in a single day on HSN TV.
5 Skincare Tips To Avoid Acne Breakouts In The Summer (VIDEO) Thankfully, our friends over at Birchbox have put together this video tutorial on how to avoid acne in the summer. Get it
Nia Kiesow, Media Coordinator, And Her Natural Bug Repellent Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostBeauty
90s Fashion Is Back With a Vengeance! Fashion nostalgia be gone! It's time to bring back those overalls and grab your crop tops, because 90s trends are back on the streets!
Rita Marley's Regal Head Wraps (PHOTOS) Remembering Bob Marley
J. Crew CEO Apologizes To Customer For Straying 'Too Far From The Classics' Sound like a typical anonymous customer complaint, no? Strangely enough, Drexler himself got wind of it and took it upon
Prince Harry, Uncle, Wants To Make Sure Prince George Has 'Fun' So how does Harry describe the future monarch? \Well, he's about that long and about that wide,\ he told the press while
Dolce & Gabbana Closing Might Happen To Pay Tax Evasion Fine, Designers Say \If we deserved the sentence, there would be nothing to say,\ Gabbana said on Wednesday. \But we do not deserve it, and so
The Modellounge Summer Hangout Is The Trendiest Spot To Beat The Heat (PHOTOS) Name
How To Protect Yourself From UVA Rays, 'The Silent Wrinkler' (VIDEO) Soaking up sun at the beach sounds like a very good idea to us, especially since we now know how to do it safely. Yet, with
Jennifer Lopez's 10 Most Iconic Looks So Far (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Yet
Lynda Carter's Wonder Woman Costume Is Still Badass (PHOTOS) To young girls growing up in the '70s, Lynda Carter will forever be known as \Wonder Woman.\ The Arizona-born actress and
Pictures Of The Royal Baby 10. Aww, cheer up little prince!' 3. He's just warming up. 7. And a little grumpy. 4. And he's made for the spotlight. The
American Bra Size Average Increases From 34B to 34DD In Just 20 Years, Survey Says The chain interviewed more than 60,000 customers at its 16 stores nationwide, and compared the results to a similar study
Kelly Cutrone Would you still buy a bikini if one of these models was modeling it? Whoever has it right, we think talking and recognizing
The Royal Baby Blues I have the royal baby blues. Yesterday, my mother and I tearfully watched the appearance of this new born royal on the public stage. Why am I crying? I wondered.
Cate Blanchett's Cape Dress Is An Optical Illusion (PHOTOS, POLL) Cate takes fashion risks like it's her job
10 Summer Street Style Outfit Ideas To Look Hot And Stay Cool (PHOTOS) Name
Chrissy Teigen Designs Bridal Swimwear Line For Beach Bunny (PHOTOS) Are you anxious to pick up Chrissy's new swimwear collection? The idea came to Teigen when she began planning her honeymoon
Peter Fonda Sues Nordstrom, Dolce & Gabbana Over 'Easy Rider' T-Shirt (PHOTOS) \Easy Rider,\ the 1969 motorcycle movie starring Peter Fonda, is iconic for its American road imagery. Yet its lead actor
Are You Tired of Being Single? Are you tired of being single, but wary of getting into another lousy (or worse) relationship, especially when you barely got out of the last one with your sanity in tact?
Self-Tanning Tips To Get A Gorgeous Glow At Home (VIDEO) Jimmy also suggests using tinted lotions instead of spray-on tan products, as there's less fumes to breathe in and you can
9 Super Sweet Facts About Honey Facial scrub
By George! When Will We Know the Name of Will and Kate's New Baby Boy? With the traditional formalities in announcing the birth behind us, now all the proud parents have to do is to reveal to the world the name of their new son. But don't hold your breath; the announcement could take a while.
Carole Middleton Visits Hospital To Meet Royal Baby (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Kate Middleton Leaves Hospital With Royal Baby & Prince William (PHOTOS, VIDEO) See more photos from the big day
Royal Baby Birth By The Numbers (INFOGRAPHIC) Infographic by Jan Diehm for The Huffington Post. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr
Tips On How To Apply A Bright Lip The quickest (and easiest) way to change up your makeup look is with a swipe of vivid lip color. Read more on BellSugar.com
The Best Summer Accessories Crank up the wow-factor and take your look from basic to brilliant with these statement extras. Read more on InStyle.com
Five Beauty Mistakes To Avoid We are firm believers that beauty -- and all the products, routines, and rituals that go with it -- is something to be celebrated
Not So Fast There! The Surprisingly Long Life of Fashion Trends Are you finally ready to try skinny jeans but wondering if the trend has already passed you by? After all, no less a wit than Oscar Wilde declared \Fashion is ephemeral. Art is eternal,\ in an 1885 newspaper essay called \The Philosophy of Dress.\
Selena Gomez Is No Longer The Child Star She Once Was (PHOTOS) But there is nothing childish about Gomez anymore. Since entering her late teens and early twenties, the actress and singer
Has Kate Middleton Given Birth? How Her Family Is Spending The Great Kate Wait (PHOTOS) And Prince Charles and Camilla are in Yorkshire, where Charles says he knows \absolutely nothing yet.\ Want more? Be sure
Comic-Con Red Carpet 2013 Was Full Of Fashion Risks (PHOTOS) It seems like the A-listers were willing to step outside of the box at the annual festival and try some bolder trends (maybe
Kate Middleton Labor Twitter Reactions The world came to a screeching halt (our world, that is), when we reached for our phones this morning and saw an email that
Morolake Odeleye, NYU Graduate, And Her Trick For Taming Curly Hair This curly-haired cutie also beats the heat by skipping heavy makeup and sticking to good skincare habits, including washing
Matteo Marzotto, Former Valentino Chairman, Indicted For Tax Evasion So, do you think Matteo Mazotto will face the same harsh consequences as Dolce and Gabbana? And just when we thought all
Kate Middleton Gives Birth, World Reacts (TWEETS) The royal baby is finally here! The day that royal watchers, the media and even President Obama has been waiting for since
How to Be a Happy Glamper I do NOT camp, I GLAMP. Trust me, they are not the same thing. Yes, there is a tent, there is no running water, but NO, I am by no means roughing it.
My Advice to Young Women Considering Breast Implants Isn't it amazing that we women have this body part that, more than any other, can go through profound changes over time? Whether you birth and feed a baby with your body or not, breasts are always changing; implants deny that process.
Single-Sole Pumps Are Flat Out Fabulous Needless to say, the world of fashion feeds on innovation and change. We need originality and newness much like the body needs oxygen. So, why am I gasping for breath?
Tyra Banks' GQ Cover, Oprah Sweatshirts And More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS) This week on Instagram, it was all about fun throwbacks. Between The Coveteur's vintage shot of Jay-Z (with a gold grill
'How To Walk In High Heels' Class Teaches Important Skill To NYC Women And who better to teach the talent than a former footwear designer? The New York Post has introduced us to Victor Chu, who's
Hailee Steinfeld's Nails Are Festive For Comic-Con (PHOTOS) And you thought Hailee's nails were crazy? On Thursday
John Casablancas Dead \[Casablancas] was largely responsible for glamorizing the business and turning models into idols, their egos expanding in
Olivia Palermo's Aryn K Skirt And More Cheap Celeb Finds Of The Week (PHOTOS) This week marks the hottest one we've had this summer, and many A-listers chose to brave the heat in some pretty affordable
Selena Gomez, Chrissy Teigen, Vanessa Hudgens & More In This Week's Best & Worst Beauty (PHOTOS) Young starlets turned up the heat this week with their beauty choices. At the ESPY Awards, Selena Gomez proved she is no
GBK's ESPY Pre-Awards Gift Lounge Guests noshed on sandwiches from Ike's Love & Sandwiches, and tacos from Jalisco's Mobile Taco Grill. Bare Snacks had healthy
Dutch Royal Family Portraits Show Off Queen Maxima's Stylish Brood (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Posing
Diane Keaton's Menswear Style We love that Diane has pioneered a style and stayed faithful to it, despite changing trends and temperatures. Could you stick
Marisa Miller's Advice To Plus-Size Models Marisa answered instantly
Miley Cyrus' Celine Bag & More Accessories Of The Week (PHOTOS) Sharon Stone's blue-tinted tortoiseshell sunglasses White pumps are definitely trendy right now, so we love that Ora stepped
Gisele's First i-D cover, NYC Is Really Hot And More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS) Guys, it's hot. It's really hot right now in New York (and according to Victoria Beckham, London, too). We gathered our favorite
Mara Hoffman 2013 Collection At Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Swim, Miami Beach (PHOTOS, VIDEO) \Desert outlaw gypsies\ was the theme of Mara Hoffman's 2013 Swim collection, and was it ever. From dusky, smoked makeup
Emmy Rossum Tops The Best-Dressed List This Week In Carolina Herrera (PHOTOS) Giuliana Rancic Emmy Rossum in Carolina Herrera Miley Cyrus in Marc Jacobs Gold seems to be this lady's color. The Olympic
Chrissy Teigen Tops Our Worst-Dressed List This Week In Sheer Canary Yellow (PHOTOS) Jennifer Lopez Olivia Munn There's a whole lot going on here. Between the sheen on her matching pants and bomber jacket, the
5 Menswear Designers to Watch for SS14 For those of us who work in the fashion industry, early summer is men's fashion season. While there are dozens of emerging designers making an impact for next season, I've selected 5 labels making their US debut next week to introduce to you here.
Asian Style Icons The Taiwanese-American designer creates a lot of dark clothing with serious attitude. He keeps it basic, yet approachable
Mickey Boardman Says Nicki Minaj, Ben Stiller Are 'Horrible' To Work With In an interview with BuzzFeed's Amy Odell, Boardman dished about celebrities who were surprisingly easy to shoot for Paper's
A Conversation With Kate Spade's Deborah Lloyd Deborah Lloyd, the creative brains behind all things Kate Spade talks about legacies and bows, women and mystery and reality television.
Rihanna Poses Naked For Her New Fragrance Rouge (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. So
Facial Cleansers Our Editors Swear By (PHOTOS) Dr. Bronner's Peppermint Liquid Soap, $10, drbronner.com \I use Dr. Bronner's for my entire body but you can use it for straight
Princess Charlene's Marie Claire Cover Is A Pleasant Surprise (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. \My
Kate Moss For Carphone Warehouse Goods Feature Personal Touches (PHOTOS) See anything you like? London trendsetters like Nick Grimshaw and Pixie Geldof turned up to the launch of Kate Moss for Carphone
Behati Prinsloo's Ring From Adam Levine Definitely Inspires Envy (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Awww. Check out the model's beautiful engagement ring below and tell us what you think! WATCH
Hunter S. Thompson Is Pretty Much Why We Think Aviators Are So Cool (PHOTO) PHOTO
Stephanie Gilmore's ESPY Awards Fashion Is Spot On (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Luckily
Gisele Bundchen Is Always Modeling, Even When She's Not (PHOTOS) If anybody knows how to strike a pose, it's Gisele B\u00fcndchen. The supermodel to end all supermodels has been in the biz so
Crocs' New Fashion-Forward Look Proves The Shoes Aren't Just For Kids Anymore (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Even
9 Reasons We'd Pick Nate Over Chuck Bass Or Lonely Boy (PHOTOS, GIFS) He's a jokester. Those eyes. And it looks like Chace isn't just a golden boy on the small screen -- off-screen he's a hit
Scatter My Ashes at Bergdorf's And Scatter's tangential message? Just as profound
Kat Nikol, Model, And Her Secret To Picture Perfect Brows Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostBeauty
Disappearing Bat Wings When many people think of \plastic surgery\ they think of facial procedures, like rhinoplasty or facelifts, so it came as a surprise when brachioplasty -- arm lifts -- made recent headlines for its exponential growth in popularity.
Behati Prinsloo 4. She models for Free People, too. 7. She loves Doc Martens and rock bands like Motorhead... 1. Born in Namibia, Behati
Jennifer Aniston's Short Hair For 'Squirrels To The Nuts' Is Pretty Cute (PHOTOS) In fact, as an actress, Jen's provided with ample opportunity to do just that. We spotted the 44-year-old filming scenes
Charles And Camilla Pictured Together For The First Time Was A Sight To Behold (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Prince Charles and Camilla's love story hasn't been the smoothest of fairy tales, but that never seemed to weaken their bond
Kardashian Kollection For Lipsy Set To Hit Stores This Fall Now that the Kardashians have gotten that pesky Khroma Beauty lawsuit out of the way, the sisters can now focus on their
Zara Phillips Puts Equestrian Career On Pause While Pregnant, Spokesman Says Is pregnant princess/equestrian Zara Phillips putting her horse riding career on hold? Say \neigh\! A look back at Zara's
Sick Of Peplums? Try One Of These Universally Flattering Tops Instead (PHOTOS) Peplums have had their moment in the sun. And now it seems like everyone and their mother is rocking the universally flattering
Catherine Zeta-Jones PHOTOS
Anti-Humidity Hair Products To Beat The Heat (PHOTOS) It seems as though the very second we step outside into the scorching heat, our strands (whether straight or curly) become
10 Amazing Facts About Apple Cider Vinegar You Should Know Deodorant
Getting the Perfect Summer Glow at Home Getting a gorgeous summer glow from head to toe has never been easier. Products today pack a powerful punch in sloughing off dry skin, brightening complexions and making every inch of your skin smooth and soft.
Jennifer Garner's Max Mara Campaign Marks Her First Fashion Gig (PHOTO) Jen wearing the same coat back in 2011
Kanye West Nearly Sells Out APC Clothing Collection, Raises Eyebrows With Prices (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. So
Kate Moss' Style Rules 3. Clean hair is actually necessary. Moss' much-admired hair, that \rolled-out-of-bed look\ that even Jennifer Aniston admits
Kate Upton's Redemption Choppers Ads Have No Choppers In Them (PHOTOS) The swimsuit model teamed up with the motorcycle company to show off their spring/summer 2013 pret-a-porter clothing line
Carla Bruni's Bulgari Campaign Is Finally Here! (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
7 DIY Revitalizing Beauty Tips for Hair and Skin Here are some simple head-to-toe DIY preventative and rescue remedies that I covet for distressed skin, hair, and scalp. Try them one at a time or make a day of it.
Dress the Part In one episode of The Newroom's first season, Maggie and Jim make a field trip to Flounce, a would-be Manhattan boutique where shopgirl Lisa, their roommate and love, respectively, is helping a customer find a dress for the Tony Awards.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) Please note that Zuburbia does not endorse the use of fur, feathers, leather or animal skins in fashion. These selections
Back to the Future One of the things I love most about being in the beauty industry is that it really is the best blend of art and science. It's essential to evolve, and be completely engaged with the global beauty scene.
Huma Abedin Wears Michelle Obama's Iconic Campaign Trail Dress (PHOTOS) Huma on the campaign trail, July 2013
Pippa Middleton's Style For Fashion Wedding Is Pretty Enviable Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. It
Kate Middleton Painting Proves 'Royal Baby Watch' Is Driving People Crazy (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. PHOTOS
Tyra Banks Invests In 'The Hunt' To Ease Online Shopping Read more at WWD, and try out The Hunt for yourself. Do you think this project will solve the problems of shoppers in need
Plus Size Lingerie Store Owner Chrystal Bougon CB
Students Embody Sophisticated Simplicity at the University at Albany When asked what first comes to mind about the University at Albany, I would bet many people's thoughts run to the business and nanotech schools or perhaps the freezing winters we must endure without even a thought to the fashion on campus.
It's OK To Wear Sweatpants... Sometimes (GIFS) When you need to do laundry. Just try not to look like a genie. Elle Macpherson knows what's up. Want more? Be sure to check
Robert Pattinson, Dior Model, Poses In Bathtub For Second Campaign Shot (PHOTO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. For
Miley Cyrus' Fitted Chanel Dress Is Surprisingly Classy (PHOTOS, POLL) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Look
Naomi Campbell, Kate Hudson, Helen Mirren & More You won't believe that Naomi Campbell is 43 years old when you see what she looked like at the Novak Djokovic Charity Dinner
Prince William Plays Polo While World Waits For Royal Baby News (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Prince
French Style Happy Bastille Day! In honor of France's most festive f\u00eate, we'd like to celebrate our strong-willed French friends in the
Mariah Carey's Sling Bling Glams Up Singer's Arm Injury (PHOTOS, POLL) PHOTOS
Old-School Photos Of Barack And Michelle Obama And More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS) We still can't get over the fact that the troubled Amanda Bynes tweeted that our beloved Barack and Michelle are \ugly.\ We're
How to Order Foreign Foods Why is it that the best restaurants are always French or Italian and you have to be able to speak those languages to order?
Photoshop Fail \I always thought the purpose of a little black dress was to make a slim and sleek figure, not to feign a dislocated hip
Gwen Stefani's Printed Pants PHOTOS
Looking Forward To A Katy Perry Clothing Line? Don't Hold Your Breath, Singer Says \I would like to [branch into fashion], but this circus act can only juggle so many balls,\ Katy told the trade. \It's to
Long Gowns Show Serious Leg In This Week's Dangerous Outfits (PHOTOS) Long gowns are typically formal, elegant pieces of clothing, so it is always interesting to see celebrities' different takes
Olsen Twins Dissed By Stylist For 'Ripping Off Other Lines' Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. The
Jenni Rhodes, 81, Is Already Our New Favorite Model (PHOTOS) Luckily, Rhodes is represented by Close Models, so she's already had a multitude of modeling gigs from fashion spreads to
Losing the Length for Good Cascading lengths have been en vogue for many seasons now, but for some of the trend's patrons, it is time to put the look to rest.
Why You Should Stop Touching Your Face Hands down... touching your face is gross. \Bacteria, viruses and allergens transfer from fingertips onto the skin. Also
Diamond Beauty Treatments To Bling Out Your Look (PHOTOS) Marilyn Monroe may have been on to something more profound when she sang \Diamonds Are a Girl's Best Friend.\ Turns out the
Petite Shopping ASOS
Harper Beckham's Style No, seriously. She has already walked down the catwalk. She sits front row at fashion shows. Want more? Be sure to check
Michelle Obama Glows At Kids' State Dinner... Probably Because POTUS Was There (PHOTOS) But he reserved his most affectionate embrace for the first lady, giving us a glance at some rare presidential PDA. All together
Man Lets Strangers Wax His Entire Body To Distribute Coupons (VIDEO) Any press is good press, right? See the video of the stunt below and tell us
Beauty Products The Stars Love Get the scoop on the double-duty potion Jennifer Aniston uses, the mascara that Eva Longoria swiped on at Cannes and more
Levi's Shapewear Jeans Will Give You A Lift (PHOTOS) These aren't the craziest jeans we've seen
The Top Ten Runway Trends For Fall Here are the top 10 trends (you should know about) for Fall 2013. Read more on FabSugar.com
All You Need To Know About Natural Makeup Last week we showed you the down and dirty deets on what really happens to your skin when you switch to natural beauty products
Make Your Hair Look Thicker With These 4 Styling Tricks (VIDEO) Boosting limp locks with a volumizing hair sprays Phyto Phytovolume Actif or Nioxin Diamax. Whipping out the curling iron
What Your Shoes Say About You Maybe it is a psychological barrier I have constructed to slow my maturation into a full-fledged adult, but whatever the case, I'm starting to feel judged by the shoes that I wear.
Plus Size Fabric Guide One of my personal tips for successful online shopping is to know your fabrics. Knowledge of fabrics will allow you to gauge the fit of a garment, allow you to pick the best size, and give you a good idea on what you will be getting in the mail.
Cara Delevingne Has A Laugh With Camilla, Duchess Of Cornwall (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
A Conversation With Shoe Maestro Pierre Corthay Any man who claims to know everything about shoes does not know anything unless he is familiar with Pierre Corthay -- the man and the shoe label. Here he Pierre talks about shoes, of course, and what men should never ever wear.
How to Survive Your First Romantic Trip Together How did we survive a trip that ended up including so many obstacles? In one short answer, flexibility and not sweating the small stuff.
Speak Up With Jimmy Randi Zuckerberg talks about expressing herself through fashion, her celebrity fashion role models (Jennifer Lawrence and Kate Hudson make the list), and her favorite designers.
A Fragrant Tour of NYC at Sniffapalooza Spring Fling 2013 It's as if a rock star or an A-list celeb would appear at any moment. Inside Bergdorf's small cafe 140 people (including me) are waiting in anticipation for the start of something called Sniffapalooza Spring Fling.
Beauty Spotlight on Taylor Schilling The talented beautiful actress Taylor Schilling plays Piper Chapman in the comedy-drama series, which has already been renewed for a second season, Orange is the New Black.
Craigslist Musings The Craigslist furniture category is fun to explore, particularly if you are trying to furnish a camp. Yet, I forget what
Courtney Love Is Fashion's Biggest Badass (PHOTOS) Though there are about a million ways to sound off about Love's rocky career in Hollywood, there is one fact that is commonly
Let Bad Days Be Bad Days As humans, we're destined to feel weak and have miserable days, and there's nothing wrong with that. Have a bad day and be real.
Swimwear On Sale We've found some great options. Between animal print bikinis, racy one-pieces and striped monokinis, you'll be sure to find
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) DISCLOSURE
Grow Thicker Eyebrows With... Castor Oil? (VIDEO) Would you try this castor oil eyebrow-thickening trick? Not every girl is born with bold brows like Cara Delevingne or Lily
Stephanie Pizzo, Teacher, Shares Her Smelly DIY Shampoo Secret Pizzo's pared-down beauty look is built on tried-and-true skincare products. She uses an all-natural turmeric soap to cleanse
Kanye West Is Kind Of A Nightmare To Work With, Admits A.P.C. Designer There's only one photo of the elusive A.P.C. collab so far... and it's hard to imagine just how amazing these jeans, tee
Plus-Size Photoshop Fail Is The Strangest Thing We've Seen All Week (PHOTOS) The world of plus-size modeling isn't exempt from a fashion industry-wide problem
Underwear Report By now everyone is aware of the streaker that stormed the runway of Milan Fashion week during the Dolce & Gabbana show.
Demi Lovato's Fashion Magazine Shoot Is Upscale, Breathtaking (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Royal Baby Watch In Full Swing As Kate Middleton's Due Date Looms (PHOTOS) The baby is due to be delivered by Marcus Setchell, the Queen's former gynaecologist, in the private wing where a normal
The Fanning Sisters' Campaign For J.Estina Is Stylish, Grown Up (PHOTO) But it's their latest campaign that's caught our eye. The fall collection is heavy on the pearls, and the sisters dress accordingly
Kim Sears' Wimbledon Outfit Is Perfect For Andy Murray's Big Win (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Cheering
Gisele Bundchen's Instagram Is The Sweetest Feed Worth Following (PHOTOS) But the one model we've got no gripes with is Gisele Bundchen, whose lovely stream of photos isn't all bikini shots and kissy
Florence Brudenell-Bruce Marries Henry St. George (PHOTO) See what Harry missed out on
Carmen Dell'Orefice, 82-Year-Old Model, Lands YOU Magazine Cover (PHOTO, VIDEO) WATCH
Heidi Klum's Braids Are Such A Bo Derek Moment (PHOTOS) While heading to dinner with boyfriend Martin Kristen and her family in New York City yesterday, the German-born model rocked
Katy Perry, Heidi Klum, Chanel Iman & More Instagram Fourth Of July Style (PHOTOS) This week on Instagram, our favorite stars got into the star-spangled spirit in honor of the Fourth of July. Katy Perry dressed
Jay-Z's 'Tom Ford' Track Name-Checks The Designer (VIDEO) \Spent all my euros on tuxes and weird clothes,\ Jay-Z says on \Tom Ford.\ Hear the rest of the catchy track below, or over
Kanye West, APC Collaboration Is Officially Happening (PHOTO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Sh
Hillary Clinton To Honor Oscar De La Renta's Designs (PHOTO) To celebrate the Dominican designer's impact on her wardobe -- and the wardrobes of plenty more American first ladies and
Best & Worst Beauty Of The Week Adriana Lima always looks great, but we've never pegged her as a dark lipstick gal. That's why it was so shocking to see
#RAPREADY2WEAR Is The Best Hashtag and More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS) A beautiful hashtag was born this week (perhaps due to the overabundance of Paris Couture Week tweets going around). It's
Lady Gaga Gives $55K Backpack By Damien Hirst & The Row To Her Boyfriend PHOTOS
Kristen Stewart's Lace Jumpsuit Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Kristen
Celebrities' Revealing Outfits Take Risks In This Week's Dangerous Outfits (PHOTOS) We're entering the depths of summer, and the stars' outfits are responding to the heat properly. This week, celebrities did
Patriotic Styles for American Holidays Fireworks, BBQs, and parades... all just some of the ways we love to celebrate America! From President's Day to Veteran's Day, here's a list of patriotic apparel to get you looking and feeling all-American when honoring and celebrating this great country!
Diane Kruger's Chanel Ad Is As Elegant As She Is (PHOTO) What do you think of the new campaign? PHOTO
Obamas' Fourth Of July Outfits Are Nicely Coordinated (PHOTOS) Michelle Obama, as we've already noted, has Fourth of July theme-dressing down pat. FLOTUS knows her way around a red and
Queen Maxima Rides A Bike In Heels, Continues Tour Of Awesomeness (PHOTOS) And she was a sight to behold, pedaling away in stilettos. In true Maxima fashion, the 40-year-old wore a multi-colored dress
Mischa Barton's Red Eyeshadow Is Confusing Us But that's just what we think. What say you
Prince Harry's Funniest Faces Can we ever get enough of Prince Harry? Don't answer -- it's a rhetorical question. We're back at it with another round-up
Princess Madeleine Brings Her New Husband To The Valentino Show (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. PHOTOS
Miranda Lambert's Dress Makes A Repeat Performance On Rose McGowan (PHOTOS, POLL) Miranda in the dress in April 2013
Paris Couture Looks You Should NOT Try At Home (PHOTOS) Haute couture is gorgeous, intricate, extravagant... and generally not intended for regular use. The fashions that have paraded
Fourth Of July Nail Art That Puts The Stars In The 'Spangled Banner' (VIDEO) We get that not everyone is into wearing red, white and blue on Independence Day. (Stores like American Apparel and Urban
Malia Obama Totally Took A Few Style Tips From Her Mom (PHOTOS) Matching Pants & Flats Military Jackets Funky Sleeves So in honor of Malia's birthday today (July 4), we're taking a closer
8 Fourth Of July Style Lessons From Our First Ladies (PHOTOS) A chic headscarf will shield you from the sun. Jackie Kennedy, 1961 Don't believe us? Just ask our first ladies, who have
Gisele Pops Up In Louis Vuitton Fall 2013 Ads (PHOTOS) But every so often, girls just want to go dark. Gisele found her way into Louis Vuitton's brooding Fall 2013 ad campaign
Carla Bruni Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. The
7 Reasons Why Outlet Shopping Isn't All That Great (GIFS) Or this
A Chat With Ted Gibson -- The Affable Rock Star of Hair Ted Gibson is a critical force in the beauty industry.  As a master hairdresser who coifs the heads of Hollywood glamour girls from Anne Hathaway to Kerry Washington to Angelina Jolie he is in high demand
How To Soak Up The Sun... Safely But Dr. Ostad warns that you must limit sun exposure to certain times of the day. \The most dangerous hours to be in the
The Craziest Things Models Have Had To Do For Fashion (PHOTOS, GIFS) It's safe to say Kate Upton has had some pretty wide-ranging photo shoots in her career so far. And before she got glam for
Clotilde Courau Attends Giorgio Armani Prive Show With Husband Prince Emanuele Filiberto (PHOTOS) As for Clotilde, she's a C\u00e9sar-nominated star who holds the title Princess of Venice and Piedmont. She's also a regular at
Chrissy Teigen On Juice Cleanses Would I EVER do a 10-day juice cleanse if I didn\u2019t have to be in a bikini... sometimes only half a bikini... in highly circulated
Tiffany's And wealthy women are loyal, it turns out. Women's Wear Daily points out that 17 percent of them have a preferred salesperson
12 Espadrilles For Your Holiday Weekend Come on now, don\u2019t be a flip-flopper. Because when it comes to summer footwear, we are 100% committed to the espadrille. Read
Celebrities In Perfect Fourth Of July Outfits Jamie Chung, Khlo\u00e9 Kardashian Odom, Justin Timberlake and more A-listers give us fashion inspiration for the Fourth with
Lindsay Lohan's Fornarina Commercial Is Too Strange To Be True (VIDEO) As such, we're fortunate enough to come across some pretty bizarre moments in the star's career -- like her commercial for
Anna Wintour's Salary And Other Facts You Might Not Know About The Vogue Editor (PHOTOS) Writer Martin Filler once recalled an incident in which Wintour, then at House & Garden, criticized his writing style. \You
Drinking Mirror App Shows Us What Alcohol Does To Our Skin (PHOTOS) Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostBeauty
Fashion Whip As an intern you are still a reflection of a company's corporate culture and even though summer may feel like a casual time of year, or your office may follow a business casual dress code, do not dress down.
Jerry Hall's Magazine Covers Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Georgia
5 Common Skincare Mistakes You Need To Stop Making (VIDEO) \The cosmetic hook is what gets younger people. The skin cancer hook is like, 'Oh, you know what. There will be a cure for
Survey We've all been there. You have a big date and your outfit is ready to go, save for the shoes. You try on pair after pair
Valerie Trierweiler At Chanel Is Chic In Spots (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. We're
African First Ladies Summit 2013 The first ladies of Africa came together with two of our own, Michelle Obama and Laura Bush, on Tuesday, kicking off the
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) This week's selections include pieces by Thea Porter, Malcolm Starr, Sonia Rykiel and Diane von Furstenberg.
Pick Your Panties Black
Canada Day Calls For Prince William & Prince Harry In Canadian Tuxedos (PHOTOS) There are few things quite as adorable as royal babies -- except royal babies in Canadian tuxedos. That might just be the
5 Steps To Sexy Lips 4. For an ultra sexy look you will want to line your lips AFTER your lipstick has been applied. Liner helps to define the
Sienna Miller's Burberry Ads Feature Fiance Tom Sturridge (VIDEO, PHOTOS) We hope you're cool with PDA, because Burberry's latest ads are an eyeful. Check out the sweet video (above) and photos. Creative
Naomi Campbell's Versace Runway Appearance Proves The Model Defies Time (PHOTOS) ...and again in 1992
Jimmy Choo's Nicole Kidman Ads Are Surprisingly Stylish (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Kate Moss To Shill Mobile Accessories For Carphone UK Sneak Peek
Cressida Bonas' Glastonbury Stint Features Overalls, Possibly Prince Harry (PHOTOS) The 24-year-old socialite was spotted at the music festival on Saturday in a pretty hip pair of overalls, Nike Dunks and
Malaika Firth 1. First things first
Miley Cyrus vs. Kat Graham Kat
Gisele, Linda Evangelista & More Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. \'If
Princess Diana's Black Dress Was The Best 'Revenge' After Separation (PHOTOS, VIDEO) The grace and elegance with which Princess Diana carried herself is largely unmatched to this day. Despite her tumultuous
Jennifer Lawrence's Crop Top, Pants Are Fit For A Vogue Cover Girl (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Jourdan Dunn's Boobs Get Her Cut From Dior Show In an interview with The Edit in March, Dunn recalled being turned away from model castings because the client \didn't want
Glam Packed A summer sojourn is all about escaping from your daily routine; you dress in a different way, dine at different times in different locations, you lighten up on the demands of your day. So why then, should you stick to your same signature makeup look?
Best & Worst Beauty Of The Week Two beauty trends are riding high right now
Michelle Obama's Naeem Khan Dress Is Pleated Perfection (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
'Devil Wears Prada' GIFs That's all. In this industry, everyone is fat. Speed is the name of the game. Radical ideas are the only ones that matter
Christie Brinkley's Daughter, Sailor Brinkley Cook, Makes Modeling Debut (PHOTOS) Sailor makes her professional modeling debut in Teen Vogue's August 2013 issue. The blonde beauty is interviewed in the mag
Kourtney Kardashian's Shorts, Pippa's Jacket And More Celeb Steals Of The Week (PHOTOS) This week, the celebs were out and about in breezy and affordable summer looks. It seems as though the warmer weather has
Anna Wintour Graces The Twitter World With Her Presence & More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS) Whew, what a week it's been on Twitter! There was so much news this week and, of course, all our favorite Twitter celebrities
The Perfect Button Down Shirt Rochelle Behrens set out in 2011 to fix a common problem for women in the corporate world
Adele's Tattoo Matches Lana Del Rey's (PHOTOS) Lana Del Rey
Queen Maxima Hits RoboCup In Her Favorite Hat (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. PHOTOS
Joan Rivers' Jennifer Lopez Compliment Is Of The Backhand Variety Then she references Chiquita Banana, and we can't tell if Lopez is offended or not. She certainly takes it in stride, even
Vogue.com's North West Defense Conley also thinks that Kim and Kanye's baby's unconventional name makes sense, given that \the proportion of unique names
James Middleton Engaged? Donna Air Flashes Shiny Diamond Ring At London Party (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. So
Michelle Obama's South Africa Ensemble Isn't Our Favorite Look (PHOTOS, POLL) So, dear FLOTUS, perhaps we've lost the plot this time. See her ensemble below and tell us what you think. As such, you can
'Not Your Average Makeup Tutorial' Is The Best/Worst Thing Ever (WATCH) Makeup tutorials come in all shapes and sizes. Some are helpful, some are inspirational, some are drunk and some are... whatever
Cheryl Cole's Style Evolution Cheryl Cole's path to fame wasn't exactly ordinary. After winning a spot in the girl band, Girls Aloud, on the reality television
How to Dress Yourself Slim I am far from what most people in the fashion industry would call \slim.\ I've floated between a size 10 and a size 12 for most of my life. Instead of trying to fight against what I was blessed with, I have learned -- using the sneakiest of wardrobe tricks -- to dress myself slim.
'Thigh Gap' Photoshop Fail Makes A Mockery Of Model's Legs (PHOTO) More digital disasters
Emma Watson's Hair In Teen Vogue Is Throwing Us For A Loop (PHOTOS) What a fashion trooper. See Ms. Watson's punky hairdo below and tell us
Makeup For Sunburned Skin Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostBeauty
Maria Sharapova's Ponytail See all of the tennis star's best looks throughout the years
Lena Dunham's McQ Dress On 'Girls' Shows Hannah's Stepping Up Her Fashion Game (PHOTOS) Has she stepped it up? \They don't quite hit at the right place -- we mess with the hem lengths so they're not exactly the
Carla Bruni's 'Today Show' Surprise You've come a long way, Carla
Holly Willoughby's 'Voice' Dress Inspires Complaints To BBC (PHOTO, VIDEO) The incident is strikingly familiar, as Jennifer Lopez got heat just last month over the costume she wore onstage on an episode
Model Natalia Vodianova See more models who sought fulfillment elsewhere
Farrah Fawcett's Famous Flip Hairstyle Over The Years (PHOTOS) More pictures of Farrah's iconic hair
Why Shopping Malls Really Aren't Fun At All (PHOTOS, GIFS) 1. The place is just WAY too big. You basically don't have to workout on the day you go to a major mall; it takes forever
Michael Jackson's Style Military jackets But on the four-year anniversary of his death today, we are taking a moment to remember Michael Jackson's
Celebrity Stylist Rachel Zoe Joins Fashion Gaming Trend As consumers flock to the mobile platform, advertisers are adjusting their strategies to capture the attention of people on their most trusted personal computing device. Tablets and smartphones represent the biggest opportunity and challenge for fashion marketers.
You've Got Style Picking three words that define your style, I find, helps greatly. Do you want your home to be cozy, serene, comfortable, happy, colorful, light, dense, spare? For me, it's textured, layered and varied.
Heidi Klum's Tattoo Getting Removed After Divorce From Seal (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Heidi
Kate Moss Playboy Preview No need to wait until January 2014 for that highly rumored Kate Moss Playboy cover
Coach, Marc Jacobs Pairing Debunked As Company Hires Stuart Vevers WWD reports that Vevers will now take the lead at Coach, overseeing all creative aspects of the brand. His most recent gig
Princess Charlene's Brother, Sean Wittstock, Married In South African Reception Another Wittstock has tied the knot! Here's hoping the media will be kinder to Sean's relationship. Click over to The Local
Rosario Dawson's Undercut Life, it seems, is a battle between polar opposites
Female Politicians' Clothing The Post's Poli-Sci Perspective study, of course, proves that both men and women take a hit when when their appearances are
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds This week's selections include pieces by YSL, Moschino, Hermes and Pucci. Be sure not to miss the vintage 1970s Zandra Rhodes
Imaginary Well-Dressed Toddler Meets Real-Life Well-Dressed Toddler For Brunch (PHOTOS) He happened to be wearing a camel blazer, a red gingham button-down and skinny jeans the day he met up with Quinoa for brunch
Faye Zhong, Nurse, And Her No-Fuss Face Washing Routine Most of the women who catch our attention on the streets of New York City aren't wearing tons of makeup or over-the-top hairstyles
24 Hours in the Life of a Beauty Brand CEO As a beauty entrepreneur, I get asked frequently what a \normal\ day is like. The short answer is there is no such thing as a \normal\ day. No two days resemble each other; no two weeks are the same.
Carla Bruni's Bulgari Gowns Make Us Miss Her First Lady Days (PHOTOS) Carla Bruni's back... in gowns. Carla knows glam
Zosia Mamet's 'Pantsless' Look Gives Us Lena Dunham Flashbacks (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. PHOTOS
Duchess Maria Teresa Tries Princess Letizia's Pancake Hat Letizia in her hat... When Princess Letizia stepped out in her pancake-like hat during the Dutch Inauguration in April, we
Alexa Chung On Teen Modeling All about Alexa
Trendy Wendy The only consistency is abysmal inconsistency. Random and whim-determined, from one line to the next and even within a single line, size and fit inconsistency is the muck of an industry through which we (women in particular) all must wade.
Valerie Trierweiler's Qatar Wardrobe Reminds Us She's One To Watch (PHOTOS) Has her simple style caused a \Valerie Trierweiler Effect\ \u00e0 la the Duchess of Cambridge? With the exception of a single
Pippa Middleton, Condoleezza Rice Rub Shoulders At Wimbledon (PHOTOS) We expected to see Pippa Middleton on the sidelines at this year's Wimbledon -- the only thing she likes more than dinner
Your Bra Size Matters Less Than You Think Women struggle to find their \right\ support. Maybe for 80 percent of women, size is just an arbitrary starting point. It's not the best measure of bra fit.
Coast to Coast Style at High Point University Though casual and comfortable, this Fashionista paints the portrait of a student on the rise. Surrounded by an atmosphere that inspires high goals and success, our appearance beings to mirror such ideals.
Ashley, Mary-Kate Olsen Matching Outfits Make Brief Return (PHOTOS) It's been way too long since we saw Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen in matching outfits. Sure, developing your own personal style
What Every Woman Always Wants to Do There are many different arch support products available to choose from. Some are even designed to stick in the arch area of sandals, wedges, flip flops, flats and pumps and will provide the extra support needed to cradle the arch of the foot.
Miranda Kerr's Body Beautiful Series Shows Us How The Model Does It (VIDEO) Duly noted. Watch the first installment of Miranda Kerr's \The Body Beautiful\ below and tell us if you're inspired to attempt
Kanye West You might have heard about Kanye West's enlightening interview with W, where he admitted that \I Am a God\ was inspired by
Plus Size Clothing Sold Online But Not In Stores Poses Problem For Shoppers And yet many of those women are forced to shop exclusively online. ModCloth found the following
Womens Overalls In case you didn't get the memo, overalls are back. And have been for a while. Not only is this trend from the '80s and '90s
Best & Worst Beauty Of The Week You're kind of a big deal when you receive a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, and Jennifer Lopez didn't waste her opportunity
Baby Rihanna, Overalls Are In & More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS) This week on Instagram, it was all about celebrating new trends. Between Opening Ceremony's stacked rings to our very own
Sasha Obama's Shoes, Minnie Driver's Earrings & More Cheap Celeb Finds Of The Week (PHOTOS) Although many celebrities spend their days posing in couture, there are a few who love a great deal as much as we do. Since
Ruth Wilson's Ruffles Actress Ruth Wilson gave it a shot this weekend at \The Lone Ranger\ premiere, sporting a long navy Alexander McQueen gown
Victoria Beckham Laughing? David Beckham Posts Photographic Evidence (PHOTO) Judging simply by photos, it would appear that Victoria Beckham only has one facial expression. Despite having an awesome
Prince Harry Wedding Weekend Includes Cressida Bonas... And Chelsy Davy (PHOTOS) Prince Harry had the pleasure of attending a high society wedding this weekend, watching his good friend Thomas van Straubenzee
Narciso Rodriguez Married Thomas Tolan In New York City (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Raise
5 Best Money-Saving Fashion Apps for Frugalistas Even the most baller fashionistas can benefit from saving a little cash to put right back into their next swagalicious purchase. Check out these awesome pocket-friendly apps for the lowdown on the latest fashion steals and deals. Your closet and your bank account will love you for it!
Joe Zee Sounds Off On Instagram Video And More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS) In this week's tweets, Elle's Joe Zee riffs on the meta-ness of the new Instagram video feature. Chrissy Teigen had a naked
Iconic Maternity Style We've been seeing an awful lot of pregnant celebrities lately, be they royals, actresses, singers or reality stars. Naturally
Pippa Middleton Wears Peplum, Fascinator To Society Wedding (PHOTOS) Now that Kate Middleton's resting her buzzed-about baby bump until her due date, it's up to her sister's outfits to entertain
Backless Styles Dominate This Week's Dangerous Outfits (PHOTOS) Start pulling all your backless tops and dresses out of your closet, because they are officially IN. This week, everyone
Princess Beatrice Skips Royal Ascot For Hospice Visit (PHOTOS) Princess Beatrice's sister Eugenie may be coming to New York City soon, but the elder royal is deepening her roots in Britain's
Adele's Braids Give The Singer's Retro Look A Fresh Update (PHOTOS) The \Rolling in the Deep\ chanteuse attended a luncheon in New York City on Friday sporting a trendy hairstyle
Sex Do you want the scoop on what your guy really wants, but is maybe too bashful to ask you for? I polled both regular men and sexuality experts to get the inside information.
Prince William's Birthday 4. No, really -- the funkiest of hats. (Perhaps it's to cover up a little something that's happening to his hair?) 9. He
Bar Refaeli Rejected In Sunglasses Commercial (VIDEO) Could YOU reject this face? Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram
Curly Hair Chronicles \When I was dissatisfied with myself in any capacity, I would take it out on my hair because it was the easiest target.\
Jennifer Lopez's Dior Ensemble On Hollywood Walk Of Fame Is A Moment (PHOTOS) She's come a long way... Raf Simons' designs for Christian Dior were made for major moments. Thankfully, stars like Jennifer
John Legend Who wouldn't love this girl? From one man to another, HuffPost Live host Marc Lamont Hill said to Legend, \I'd be bugged
Princess Eugenie To New York City For Auction House Job The job would mean moving to the US, then eventually returning to England to work in Paddle8's planned London offices. Back
Jennifer Lopez And Octavia Spencer Top Our Best-Dressed List This Week (PHOTOS) This week, the best-dressed list was full of stars donning ensembles that are usually difficult to pull off. Jennifer Lopez
Worst-Dressed List Although there were quite a few outfits that left us with our jaws on the floor this week, Miley Cyrus' ensemble takes the
The Orchid Boutique Has the Best Bathing Suits in the World Elizabeth Velez knows that buying a bathing suit online can be very challenging. She also knows that some of the most beautiful
Princess Mary's Style More Coveted Than Kate Middleton's, Survey Says 6. Charlene, Princess of Monaco - 52 percent 9. Queen Maxima of the Netherlands - 38 percent 2. Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge
Models With Dogs Miranda Kerr reminded us of this yesterday while taking her Yorkie, Frankie, for a \walk\ (she did the walking, he did the
Rachel Zoe Pregnant With Second Child (UPDATED) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Us
Judy Holliday's Style Was Picture Perfect (PHOTOS) Judy Holliday may have had a knack for playing the \dumb blonde,\ but she certainly was a cut above the rest. Through her
Heidy De La Rosa, Model, And Her Secret To Great Summer Hair Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostBeauty
Royal Ascot Visitors Must Pay For Fashion Faux Pas On Gold Cup Day on Thursday, known as Ladies' Day, the Queen arrived in a lilac outfit, adding to a sea of color, feathers
Young Nicole Kidman Is Almost Unrecognizable Years Later (PHOTOS) Nicole Kidman has become known as one of Hollywood's biggest stars. The 5'11\ stunner commands attention whenever she goes
Mulberry Bags For G8 Leaders Are Best Gift Ever The fashionable gifts are a nice perk, especially since the G8 turned out to be a surprisingly informal conference. Over
Princess Of Jordan Tries Hollywood's Favorite Runway Look At Royal Ascot (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Everyone
Kenyatta Jones, Bella Rene CEO Of course, Jones joins an ever-growing list of plus-sized warriors in the fight for accessible fashion. Gabi Fresh, a body
Store Sales Alternatively, as one of our editors revealed, you can re-purchase the same item on sale and return the original with the
Paula Abdul's 10 Most Outrageous Outfits To Date (PHOTOS) Paula Abdul had us from the very first time she sang \Forever Your Girl.\ The San Fernando Valley-born beauty began her career
Angela Merkel's Wide-Legged Pants Give Us Pause (PHOTOS) But hey, we're sticklers for well-tailored hems. Is it ever OK to have pants that drag? Now this is more like it... PHOTOS
Male Makeup Isn't Such A Strange Concept Anymore, Study Says With top fashion houses like Tom Ford and Marc Jacobs releasing man-friendly beauty lines and South Korean fellows applying
Why Zoe Saldana Outdresses Everyone In Hollywood (PHOTOS) Zoe Saldana is known for a few things
Tom Ford Makeup For Men Is Designer's Latest Offering Though Ford launched a womens' beauty collection back in 2011, the savvy style icon has expanded into facial menswear, if
Royal Ascot 2013 Brings Out Stylish Royals (PHOTOS) Each year, we look forward to seeing royals and commoners alike donning their finest headgear and smart attire to watch five
Cashmere Blowout Treatment Makes Hair Soft As A Sweater Just when we thought there was no way to make a blowout any better, Chicago-based George the Salon has unveiled a straightening
Sandra Bullock's Asos Skirt Is Easy To Copy -- Just Ask Elizabeth Olsen (PHOTOS, POLL) Compare the actresses' interpretations of Asos below -- and feel free to buy the skirt and be a contender yourself. Who wore
Kelly Osbourne Is Madonna In Training For Singer's Film Premiere (PHOTOS) Looking desperately like a dead ringer for the singer, Kelly wore leather leggings and a leather jacket and pulled her hair
What Happened When My Husband And I Dabbled In BDSM Before kids my husband Henry and I decided to walk on the wild side one night when we accepted an invitation from friends to attend a BDSM (Bondage, Dominance, Sadism, Masochism) Valentine's Day party hosted by the ever discreet and refined Mike Boner.
Girls Who Dared Rarely in history have girls been encouraged to be daring. With all the rules we are given these days, I'm always seeking out the rule-breakers who show a little daring can go a long way.
Australian Style Nicole Kidman
Michelle Obama's Ireland Trip Wardrobe Is Making Us Jealous (PHOTOS) We haven't seen FLOTUS pack for an extended trip since her annual Hawaii winter vacation. But she hasn't lost the magical
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any questions. No time to page
Vice Suicide Shoot Pulled After Sparking Controversy (PHOTO) The striking images feature re-stagings of famous suicides
Ask Michael Cohen Honey, you've already crossed the line with this 'rush' you speak of. The question is how much further do you want it to
Plaid Shirt Plaid shirts have become a wardrobe mainstay for many of us, whether we're camping, attempting grunge chic or hitting up
Eva Chen Is The New Editor-In-Chief Of 'Lucky' Magazine Major editorial shakeups are happening at Lucky magazine
Let It Rip Dancers do it. Punk rockers do it. Fashion houses do it. And I do it too. Rip clothes. Not out of anger. Not because they're bulging at the seams. We do it because it makes our clothes our own.
Pom Poms and Tassels Not Just for Cheerleaders and Strippers These options at H & M -earrings\u00a0and\u00a0necklace\u00a0for under $20 each! \u00a0The more expensive tassel necklace below is\u00a0(on sale at
Balenciaga Sues Nicolas Ghesquiere It ain't over till it's over. Designer Nicolas Ghesquiere, who left Balenciaga last November after he and the brand reached
Miss USA Erin Brady Defends Miss Utah, Answers Infamous Flopped Question (VIDEO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Miss
Five Ways To Accessorize A White Tank Top If there's one outfit in your wardrobe that you don't give enough credit, it's your white tank top. Read more on Refinery29
Celebrities With Sporty Style The next time your calendar includes a sporting event, resist the temptation to reach for blue jeans and a team jersey. Read
Texturizing Sprays For Beach Hair Beach hair
Isabella Rossellini's Style 8. She looks good cloaked in baby pink. 1. It's clear that she got it from her mama. 10. Or a bevy of necklaces. Want more
Vitamins & Minerals For Hair That's Healthier, Stronger And Shinier Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostBeauty
Miss Utah Flub Powell appeared on the \Today\ show Monday to talk about her jumbled answer to a question about income inequality in America
Chanangn Chotrunt, NYU Film Graduate, Uses Olive Oil As A Body Moisturizer Chotrunt may have her skincare regimen all figured out, but she revealed that she changes her shampoo a lot. \Whenever I
Barry Manilow In A Pink Sparkly Top Is A Sight To Behold (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Marissa Powell, Miss Utah USA, Fumbles Pageant Question On Income Inequality (VIDEO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Deadspin's
Britt Ekland, Bond Girl, Hits The Red Carpet At 70 (PHOTOS) Britt Ekland now
Christie Brinkley, Brooke Shields Recreate Famous '80s Pose (PHOTO) They've still got it, indeed. Compare expressions then and now, and realize that supermodels, like fine wine, only get better
Sharing Is for Sissies In retrospect, I probably should have let Avery have her snack while the other girls enviously watched. It wouldn't have
Katy Perry's Insecurities About Beauty Are Just Like Ours (VIDEO) Ms. Perry, Vogue's July 2013 cover girl, lets the fashion bible film her beauty routine as she talks about what she likes
10 Fashion Don'ts For Dating (You Will Be Surprised By Some) Dating is hard enough, and when you have to throw in the age-old question of \what should I wear\ into the mix, it can become downright maddening.
Hot Curves Ahead Summer is not officially here, but things are heating up as NYC begins the biggest celebration of plus size fashion the world has ever seen during  Full Figured Fashion Week, June 17-22, 2013.
Diverse Dress at Florida State University For most of the college crowd across the nation, Florida State is most well known for being a \party school.\ And while that may stand true, what's not usually recognized is the prevailing sense of style students have here on campus.
Shopping With Mom Diamonds aren't a girl's best friend -- her mother is. Who else will love a girl unconditionally, despite her bad perms and
Fergie's Headdress Transports Us To The Far East (PHOTOS, POLL) Fergie's certainly a fan of exotic headpieces, though this might be her boldest one yet. Do you like the embellishment on
Michelle Obama's Bangs At G8 Summit Spark Twitter Backlash (PHOTOS) The Twitter responses
Olsen Twins Throwback, Young Brooke Shields & More Instagrams Of The Week This week on Instagram, it was all about classic celebrity moments. Between Arianna Huffington's photo op with John Stamos
TV's Most Stylish Dads Dexter from \Dexter\
Best & Worst Beauty Of The Week This was a great week for celebrity hair. Sienna Miller made us want to go out and buy a floral headband, Kirsten Dunst sported
Rooney Mara's Crop Top Is Cute, Colorful As Can Be (PHOTOS) Rooney Mara, though a talented and versatile actress, has a pretty formulaic fashion sense. The 28-year-old stunner is fond
Gwyneth Paltrow's White Dress Is Wimbledon-Ready (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Kim Kardashian Maternity Style At long last, Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's baby girl has arrived! While we're preparing for an inevitable onslaught of
Kate Middleton Trooping The Colour While the birthday girl Queen wore a gorgeous Angela Kelly coat, we couldn't take our eyes off our favorite duchess, Kate
Rihanna's Boots Cancel Out Bare Legs For Night Out In London (PHOTOS) That box certainly looks big enough to hold the high-end thigh-highs she wore to puddle-jump her way through the evening
Arianna Huffington Hangs Out With Uncle Jesse And More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS) Uncle Jesse isn't the only TV star we want to see again
Sheer Dresses Get Sophisticated In This Week's Dangerous Outfits (PHOTOS) It looks like the stars are finally getting the hang of this sheer trend. Taylor Swift wore a truly amazing Emilio Pucci
Stereotypical Dad Style In honor of Father's Day, we've rounded up the eight most stereotypical dad style clich\uffc3\uffa9s. How many of these is your dad
This Week's Worst-Dressed List Features Amanda Seyfried In Too Much Satin (PHOTOS) This week's worst-dressed list is full of celebrities wearing ensembles that are just a little too over-the-top. Kaley Cuoco's
A Conversation With Style Icon and Beauty Maven Olivia Chantecaille As the creative director of her family's cosmetics and skin care company, Chantecaille, Olivia Chantecaille is at the forefront of the latest news in the beauty industry. Here Olivia Chantecaille talks about being grateful, her trailblazing mother and helping to make women feel beautiful.
Professionalism and Communicating for the Non-Professional Today,everyone is under a lot of stress.The economy is still not great,our graduates cannot find jobs, weather is unpredictable
Wild Times at the Central Park Zoo The after party was in full force during our protracted conversation, but it had been a long evening, so the two of us decided
Jennifer Lopez Looks Hot In Tom Ford At The AmfAR Inspiration Gala New York (PHOTOS) More of J.Lo's memorable style moments
Marc Jacobs Sephora Makeup To Hit Stores (PHOTOS) Explaining his decision to expand into makeup, Marc says
Venus Williams Style Evolution Serving real style, Venus
Shoes I myself have for years maintained that shoes are the 5th Food Group
Pippa Middleton Does Tennis Research For Her Vanity Fair Column (PHOTOS) \Sigh. When do we break for champagne?\ \What? There's a tennis match going on?\ \Mum, I get it. Andy Murray's cute. Do you
Prada Men's Campaign Features Our Favorite Famous Guys (PHOTOS, VIDEO) These guys are a sight for sore eyes
Horror in the Guest Room \To tell you the truth I'm really not sure,\ Margaret answered with a half-embarrassed, half-nervous giggle. \I think it's
Kate Middleton Hair & Makeup Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostBeauty
Kate Middleton Names Cruise Ship in Printed Hobbs Coat Kate Middleton followed in Princess Diana's footsteps today, becoming the \Godmother\ to the Royal Princess cruise ship just
Kate Middleton is Stunning at Queen's Coronation Service The Duchess attended the Queen's Coronation service at Westminster Abbey today, as one of her final engagements before the
Zac Posen David's Bridal Collection Coming February 2014 (VIDEO) She'll also feel satisfied at having saved on her gown. Three-figures for a dress is by no means cheap, but designer wedding
Miley Cyrus' Sweatpants-Jeans Are Troubling (PHOTOS, POLL) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Miley
John Galliano's Charlie Rose Interview Highlights Hear Galliano for the first time in over two years in the video clips above and below, and catch the whole 53-minute interview
Jennifer Aniston Get a load of those locks
Jennifer Connelly's Short Hair Makes Us Do A Double Take (PHOTOS, POLL) We love Jennifer Connelly because she is one of those rare actresses who knows how to effectively stay under the radar. But
Gina Riley, Production Coordinator, And Her Trick To Lengthen Bottom Lashes Riley used to work at a magazine, so she's accumulated tons of beauty products. But amidst her vast collection, she always
Nigel Barker Gets Super Awkward About New 'Top Model' (VIDEO) Nigel Barker stopped by HuffPost Live to talk about, among other things, the newly revamped \America's Next Top Model.\ What
Black to the Future Recently, Dov Charney's American Apparel introduced a \kewl\ new addition
Shopping for Elegance (With My Mother) She would find the one leather craftsman in Florence making a copy of a $2,000 French purse, and she would carry that Florentine bag, tucked away lovingly into its fabric-carrying sack at night, for the rest of her life.
Courteney Cox Then And Now 1987
Kate Middleton Cruise Ship Naming Ceremony Calls For An Animal Print (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Day Spa Deal Breakers Too many estheticians for a single treatment. Not only is this unsanitary, but it makes tipping quite complicated. Stained
Am I The Only Person Who Thinks The J.C. Penney Rebrand Did Something Right? The rebrand brought in stylish goods at low prices. So, why did so many complain? And why did J.C. Penney actually raise prices after apologizing for the changes?
Father's Day Gift Guide Need some last minute inspiration on what to get that doting Dad or husband of yours? Whether he's Classic, Retro, Modern, or somewhere in between, here are a few fabulous gift picks that will have him happy as a clam, necktie NOT included!
'A Beautiful History' Video Shows Hair, Makeup Through The Decades For Procter & Gamble Voting begins Thursday, June 13, and remains open until June 27th. Which look would you like to recreate? WATCH
The New Closet Edit for Global Warming We think the best way to save money on clothes is to be able to see everything you have. So, spend a couple hours cleaning out your closet every month or two and you will feel less need to shop for items you don't actually need.
'OscarPRGirl' Erika Bearman Shows Us What's Inside Her Travel Beauty Bag (VIDEO) Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostBeauty
Do You Desire Love? Have A Sleepover If you're with someone that you're not excited to see at night, you're not in the right relationship. It's about bonding, connecting and downloading your day.
Soap Opera Character Style Laura Spencer of \General Hospital\ As one-half of the soap opera couple, Luke and Laura, the blonde beauty pressed forward
Adriana Lima Hasn't Changed A Bit In The Last Decade (PHOTOS) 4. She still knows how to make an entrance. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest
Shapewear From style icons to soccer moms, I have dressed women of all shapes and sizes for both the red carpet and look-their-best moments in real life. So what do all these women have in common? They are all wearing shapewear.
Old and New Style at Flagler College Flagler College attracts a wide variety of students. In turn, campus style ranges from the admirable to the laughable. It's not uncommon to spot a few girls in only their bikinis, a handful of lost fanny-pack sporting tourists and a dude dressed as a pirate in any given classroom.
How to Survive a Red-Eye Flight I am about to get on a red-eye flight from Sacramento back to D.C.. Here is how I make this type of air travel as painless as possible.
Best Plus Size Models 4. Justine LeGault Here are ten models making a major impact today. Lawley just might be the supermodel of plus-size models
Gifts For Father's Day That Will Get Him Groomed In Under 10 Minutes (PHOTOS) This Father's Day, we're making a pledge to put more effort in the gifts we present to Dad. No more jars of hair pomade that
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) GET READY, GET SET, BID!!! Which item is your favorite? Leave me a comment below to let me know and please take a minute
Mall Shopping As much as we love online shopping, you just can't try things on, actually touch the fabric and examine the stitching to
Diamonds Really Are Forever \No pressure, no diamonds,\ as the saying goes. Whether the degree of pressure results in diamonds large or small, all are precious to the wearer. This is a story of the pressure exerted by the two diamonds that have meant the most to me.
Cosmetics n' Chaos Anyone who has been to a music festival knows that it involves a whole lotta bodies, sweat and, if you're lucky, public urination. I get through it by keeping a stash of strategic beauty items to keep me feeling fresh and clean. Here's what's in my music festival mayhem beauty survival kit.
Joan Rivers It's not like it was Princess Di's fault, Rivers added. \Remember, Diana was 19 and came from a very elegant family, so they
Kendra Wilkinson's Style Evolution No matter your feelings on Kendra Wilkinson, there is no denying that this is one girl who knows how to make a splash. Wilkinson
Cindy Crawford Covers Muse Magazine Without Pants (PHOTO, GIF) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Looks
Prince Harry's Helicopter Stunts Wows At RAF Air Show (VIDEO) \Everyone was so shocked when they realized Harry was taking part -- nobody knew,\ an onlooker told the British tabloid. The
Royals With Mascots Princess Charlene and Prince Albert II
Sheer Dress Photoshop Fail We love curling up at the end of the day in a cozy nightgown or slinky nightie. We don't love, however, putting on that nightgown
Joan Rivers' Birthday \I hate thin people; 'Oh, does the tampon make me look fat?'\ \You know you\u2019re getting old when you buy a sexy sheer nightgown
Chill Out in Blue Underwear (PHOTOS) We may have suggested green underwear to celebrate the blossoming of spring, but now the heat of summer is upon us and we suggest finding anyway possible to keep cool.
Elizabeth Fraser, Private Chef, Uses Coconut Oil For Everything Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostBeauty
Rihanna's Catsuit Isn't Exactly Seasonally Appropriate (PHOTOS, POLL) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Rihanna
CMT Awards 2013 Red Carpet Carrie Underwood and Taylor Swift were, as always, the main attraction wearing Edition by Georges Chakra and Elie Saab, respectively
Miley Cyrus' Brother Models For First Cover For TROIX Magazine (PHOTOS) Inside the mag, Braison poses for photographer Lesley Bryce, talks about his \weaknesses\ when it comes to women and reportedly
Valerie Trierweiler Wins 'La Frondeuse' Court Case On Privacy Claim La Frondeuse (meaning
How to Do Leather and Lace for Summer Leather & lace may not be the first things that come to mind when thinking about summer dresses, however, the myriad of high end designers who all sported heavy doses of L&L within their S/S '13 collections beg to differ.
Kate Middleton Sexy Ignoring the fact that it appears Cavalli thinks Kate is a princess, it seems Kate is walking a very fine line when it comes
Prince Harry Flirts With Ladies Everywhere (PHOTOS) Click through to get wooed by Harry... If you couldn't tell, we are still dreaming about that time when the most beautiful
Sarah Michelle Gellar \I've learned to embrace flats!\ says Gellar, who stopped by HuffPost Live to chat about her latest work on the new CBS series
Muslim Clothing Gets Chic With 'Hijab Couture' (VIDEOS, PHOTOS) Yasmine Yasmine agreed, saying that fashion provides an outlet for self-expression to Muslim women. It also engages others
Hilary Duff's Uniform For Going Out Is A Great Look (PHOTOS) The actress and her husband, Mike Comrie, were spotted in West Hollywood last night, decked out in their finest casual evening
The Third Metric The Huffington Post's first ever women's conference, \The Third Metric
Sofia Vergara Sample sizes, which equate to a size 0, haven't budged in a healthier direction despite efforts from industry insiders, so
Chiara Mastroianni, Catherine Deneuve's Daughter, Lands Fendi Contract (PHOTOS) The pomme doesn't fall too far from the tree, after all. Beloved French actress Catherine Deneuve's daughter, Chiara Mastroianni
Underage Model Legislation In The Works For New York State (UPDATED) However, these regulations have proved easy to ignore, and both Vogue's Health Initiative and the CFDA's rules have been
Rihanna's Chanel Apartment Visit Inspires Major Fashion Envy (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. You've
Male Models Singing Daft Punk's 'Get Lucky' Is Pretty Funny (VIDEO) WATCH
Mollie King's Illusion Dress Is The Most Creative One We've Seen Yet (PHOTOS, POLL) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Sheer
Queen Maxima's Gucci Ensemble Is A Repeat & We Love It (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Reason
Victoria Beckham Glamour Awards PHOTOS
Is 3 Too Young for a Bandage Skirt? I love trends.  I love trends so much that my 19-year-old and I started a blog about how to wear the latest trends on two generations.
Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous Despite the continuous trickle and occasional downpour, the show went on. The models and celebrities walked the ramp, sometimes
Best Salon Booking Apps So You Never Have To Call Again (PHOTOS) Beauty Booked Former L'Oreal executives Hillary Hutcheson and Ritika Gill are the brains behind this site that allows consumers
Jaime King On Terrible Dye Jobs, Maternity Style And Kate Middleton (PHOTOS) You're very involved in the fashion scene, would you ever want to do your own line? Oh, for sure. There's an idea I've had
Young Angelina Jolie Was So On-Trend In A Crop Top And Denim Cut-Offs (PHOTO) Getty Images/Harry Langdon/Contributor There are few celebs who are as famous, subversive and alluring as Angelina Jolie
Lady Gaga Nails Worth Outrageous Sum, Auction Finds (PHOTOS) How much would you pay for a piece of Lady Gaga? One fan thought $12,000 to be a reasonable amount -- for the singer's acrylic
Paris Jackson's Makeup Tutorial Shows She's Your Typical Teen (VIDEO) WATCH
Models As Children Doutzen Kroes
The Good Side of the Bad Boy I knew how hard his home life was and how badly he wanted to succeed but how limited he felt. This was the only way of life he knew and I was terrified that it would be the only one he would ever know.
Julia Sarr-Jamois Is Our New Favorite Street Style Star (PHOTOS) Though the half-Senegalese, half-French guru has been on the scene for some time now, it wasn't until recently that she began
Queen's Coronation Anniversary Brings Out Kate Middleton, Princess Beatrice & More Royals (PHOTOS) Happy anniversary, Queen Elizabeth II! PHOTOS
CFDA Awards Hillary Clinton Appearance Comes With Pantsuit Jokes (PHOTOS) Maybe there will be a \Project Pantsuit\ after all. Clinton also described her close friendship with de la Renta, which began
Karolina Kurkova's Shorts Make For One Leggy Look PHOTOS
Punk Rock Star Kepler Aria:Punk Rock Star from Jasmina Tesanovic on Vimeo. Kepler s Aria, lyrics by Bruce Sterling My heart's full of hopes
Models' Cartoon Character Lookalikes The political world isn't cartoon-free, either... Merida and Lily Cole
Classic Bathing Suit Buying Mistakes Finding the right bikini or maillot is much easier (and way more fun!) if you can avoid these common trip-ups Read more on
How To Hide Your Roots Whether you have highlights or full-on hair color, visible roots are a pain, but we have some tips to hide your regrowth
Stylish And Practical Sports Bras It's one thing to feel the burn when you're midway through a workout. Read more on Refinery29.com
The Fairest (Skin) Of Them All I think I always knew that being pale in a tan-worshipping world was an uphill climb.
The Ultimate Father's Day Guide I know around this time of year, fear strikes as I try desperately to find the perfect gift for the two men in my life
Redefining Success Big, showy gestures are fleeting. Consistent, day-to-day \doing\ means more than a fabulous surprise party at the coolest place in town or Bulgari cufflinks ever could.
Reddit Bra Tips Abundant On ABraThatFits Subreddit We're not ready to give up our trusty cup-size measurements, but we have discovered a resource that is about to make our
Princess Diana, U2 Met In A London Makeup Shop In The '80s Also, now we're wondering what makeup products suited both Diana and the U2 bandmates. Just saying... She was quite a presence
Kate Middleton Maternity Leave Begins June 13 In the past, royals with newborns have taken time off from their duties, as Kate is predicted to do. But Princess Diana bucked
Summer Style Trend Embroidery is said to date back to the fifteenth century, and initially arrived in fashion as a means to repair and reinforce clothing with various stitching, string and yarn. If necessity is truly the mother of all invention, this handicraft is an example.
Bradley Cooper's Hair Is Short Again And We're Loving It (PHOTOS) Must be something in the post-\Hangover\ air that has all the actors cutting their hair. New Bradley
Gisele Bundchen's Blood Facial, Cupping In Vogue Italia WATCH
Celebrity Shoes More crazy shoes
Trendy Wendy I love the studded embellishments and have a few pieces of my own, as it suits me. On my leather booties, the studded motifs are for me a Goldilocks, just-right bit of fashion fun. But spikes? Pointy, sharp protrusions?
Style Diversity at Emory University The outfit is undoubtedly trendy, but it is not something you would see on every Emory student. Instead, it shares the common theme of dressing for Atlanta weather in a way that still reflects personal background and style.
Victoria Beckham's Bag Size Is Causing Injuries For Imitators, Says Expert So want to avoid a future of pain? The American Chiropractic Association suggests that you limit your bag weight to no more
Suki Waterhouse, Bradley Cooper's Rumored Girlfriend, Covers Tatler (PHOTO) Waterhouse and her fellow models/It Girls all looks gorgeous in the luscious, colorful shoot. (See more photos here!) But
Jessica White's Ripped Jeans Flutter In The Breeze (PHOTO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Jessica
Prince William's Clubbing Outfit Is So Endearing (PHOTOS) While that little tidbit might be questionable, Will's club ensemble is 100 percent verifiable. See the adorable look below
Naomi Campbell's Ex-Boyfriend Gets Cozy With Competing Model (PHOTOS) The Face
Cheap Fashion Finds From Our Favorite Celebrities (PHOTOS) Although we love clicking through red carpet photos of our favorite celebrities and drooling over their custom-made couture
Best & Worst Beauty We are starting to think it might be impossible for Nicole Kidman to ever look boring on the red carpet. The Cannes Film
Princess Beatrice, Princess Eugenie Derby Hats Are Fashion-Forward (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Take
Ashley Olsen's Polo Dress Is Really Confusing Us (PHOTOS) Ashley, the Olsen most closely associated with classic, understated style, seems to be changing her tune. We scratched our
Blake Lively's Gucci Dress Blake accessorized the summery dress with plenty of colorful touches
Heidi Klum's Hat Is A Birthday Treat (PHOTOS) In fact, it might be more accurate to say that Heidi wore three. Klum piled the jewel-encrusted top hats high atop her blonde
Joan Rivers Gets Patriotic And More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS) It's always fun when stars riff on themselves. Case in point
Heidi Klum 'Gangnam Style' Dance Is Cause For Celebration (VIDEO) Even dancing. Back in November, Heidi hosted the MTV Music Awards in her native Germany, a gig which, it turns out, involved
Helena Bonham Carter Vogue UK Cover Is Porcelain Perfection (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Shot
Marilyn Monroe Thought Joe DiMaggio Was 'Great In Bed' (VIDEO) The simple truth will surprise you.
Marc Jacobs Creative Director No More For Namesake Label Marc Jacobs has a pretty distinct look
Kim Kardashian's Flip Flops, Dorothy Perkins Dress Is A Cute Change (PHOTO) PHOTO
Models vs. Actresses On Covers The shift was a positive eye-opener for Vogue and the other magazines that followed suit. But the turn from professional
Queen Maxima's Vogue Netherlands Cover Is Absolutely Stunning (PHOTOS) Times are good for Queen Maxima. First, she upgraded her title from princess to queen, then she kicked off May by landing
Brooke Shields' Style Evolution There aren't many 15-year-olds who have caused as of big a stir as Brooke Shields once did. The New York City native began
Ashley Shepard, Sales Associate, Shares The Secret To Natural Makeup Application Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostBeauty
Nail Salon Safety Manicurists with open cuts or bruises. Nail care can be a pretty risky business, however, health should always come before
Lipstick Shades To Fake A Brighter Smile (PHOTOS) The culprits behind a yellow grin are... Bright orange and yellow-toned reds
10 Best-Dressed Hollywood Kids International Best-Dressed List Kate Middleton
La Toya Jackson's 10 Most Outrageous Outfits To Date (PHOTOS) Although La Toya Jackson may be one of the lesser-known Jacksons, she has still had a career to rival most anyone in Hollywood
Kate Upton Victoria's Secret Catalogue Picture Is Old (PHOTO) Kate Upton's doing just fine without Victoria's Secret... We've reached out to Victoria's Secret. In the meantime, Upton
Heather Graham's Leather Dress Looks Mighty Uncomfortable (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Dolce And Gabbana Prison More style scandals
Melanie Brown, AKA 'Scary Spice,' Teaches Us Some Valuable Fashion Lessons (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. See
Goldstruck From the Ultimate Gold Fashion Show in Cannes This year's most coveted ticket at Cannes Film Festival has been a golden one. AmfAR's 20th Cinema Against AIDS Gala took place on May 23rd, 2013 and for the first time ever LoveGold was a sponsor.
Kennedy Style 1954
Effortless Glamour on the Red Carpet at Cannes Arguably the most glamorous red carpet event of all, the Cannes Film Festival wrapped up last week just in time to inspire gorgeous looks for summer weddings, poolside soirees and glam cocktail parties.
Summer Haircare Tips The last time we wore a sun hat was when our mothers dressed us. Now that we're older and a bit more rebellious, we'd rather
GLAM4GOOD Makes These Girls' Prom Dreams Come True (VIDEO) Stephenson and Glam4Good teamed up with Erica Ford's Peace Is A LIFEstyle foundation to style these young ladies whose lives
Michelle Obama's Memorial Day 2013 Dress Was An Outfit Repeat (PHOTOS) If you thought Michelle Obama's Memorial Day dress -- a pastel Peter Soronen number -- looked familiar, you thought right
Asos Radioactive Belts Scare Causes Company To Pull Entire Batch Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Add
Camilla, Duchess Of Cornwall, Hits Dior Store On Paris Tour (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. It
Karl Lagerfeld's Rude Quotes Don't Affect The Way He's Treated, Says Designer Like the Kaiser said, however, he seems to be doing just fine running his mouth as he pleases. Does Lagerfeld offend you
A Royal Gynecologist, The Baby Name & Other Details Revealed In '20/20' Special (VIDEO) 3. Apparently the Duchess Effect applies to pregnancy itself. \She seems to have boosted fertility tests,\ notes Victoria
Gisele Bundchen Vogue Brazil Cover Is Sweaty, Pantsless (PHOTO) Last week, we learned that Gisele B\u00fcndchen loathes being retouched for fashion shoots. So it's fitting that the cover girl
Prada \u201cSo why not use older models sometimes?\u201d I asked. \u201cMine is not an artistic world, it is a commercial world. I cannot change
Coffee Ground Scrub In the video above, PopSugar Beauty reporter Kirbie Johnson breaks out a slow cooker to whip up an exfoliating body scrub
Michelle Williams And Carey Mulligan Are Total Style Twins (PHOTOS) Forget it, they're the same person. Believe it or not, they're not related. In celebration of Mulligan's 28th birthday (on
Festival Style for Moms The family festival requires clothes that can be barfed on, bottoms that won't show your ladyparts on the scrambler, a bag that can hold sippy cups and shoes that give you the ability to move quickly through crowds chasing runners.
Miss Universe Canada Typo Awards Crown To Wrong Contestant The finalists
Five Easy Ways to Grow Arousal Bodies are built for motion and nowhere more so than in the dance of arousal. Although this might seem like stating the obvious
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) No time to page through thousands of eBay listings? Then just sneak a peek at my weekly eBay roundup of top vintage clothing
Galifianakis' Goatee Catches Everyone By Surprise (PHOTOS) The new hair
The House My Rack Built After the initial fog lifted after my father's death, I began to consider my own vulnerability to more and more complicated complications that might arise out of my initial diagnosis, my treatment and all of the surgeries and hospital stays that followed.
'I Dream of Jeannie' Costume Re-Worn By Barbara Eden, 78 (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Barbara
Heidi Klum's 'Top Model' Dress Is A Little Perplexing (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Fanny Domergue, Retail Associate, Convinces Us To Try Bar Soap As Face Wash We've watched our mothers, aunts and grandmothers use bar soap as face wash. While it's done wonders for their complexions
Partying Princes, Princesses & Other 'Royals' Who Just Want To Have Fun (PHOTOS) They may attend mandatory tea parties and curtsy to their grandmothers, but even royals like to let loose sometimes. Every
Best & Worst Beauty Of The Week Summer is finally upon us, and that means it's time to pull that hair up (yes, you will be sweating very soon). But don't
Nicole Kidman's Braided Hair Swept Cannes Off Its Feet (PHOTOS) The glamorous actress wore a funny feathered Chanel dress to Saturday's \Venus In Fur\ premiere, but we were more distracted
Celebrities' High Heels Are Often In Places They Shouldn't Be (PHOTOS) Last week, we learned that high heels might not be responsible for some of the health problems we once accused them of. Perhaps
A Young Jackie Kennedy Onassis, Sofia Vergara's Makeup Tricks & More Instagrams Of The Week Instagram is one of our favorite places to get inspiration. Whether we're looking for new nail polish color combinations
High Slits Reach New Levels In This Week's Dangerous Outfits (PHOTOS) The successes and stumbles of this week's dangerous outfits can be sectioned off by event, each of which boasted more risqu\u00e9
Rita Ora Yellow Hair Review Rita's new look in the photos below. Do you think her Barbie-inspired choice is crazy, or just crazy enough to work
Plus-Size Dress Form A Reality Thanks To Cornell Students Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. These
Lucille Bluth's Style Quotes Are Pretty Priceless (GIFS) 1. Find a productive way to deal with feedback. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr
Princess Laurentien's Hair Sets Her Apart From Her Fellow Royals (PHOTOS) Princess Laurentien of the Netherlands leads a pretty fascinating life. For one, she's married to Prince Constantijn of the
Lena Dunham Shares Our Girl Thoughts And More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS) Oh Lena Dunham, we can always rely on you to speak our minds exactly. This week, the funny star expressed her thoughts on
Summer Ease Soon you will pack away your structured separates for good and bring your linen and jersey to the front of the closet. And like a summer wardrobe, summer beauty should be effortless and casual.
Tobias Funke's Shorts On 'Arrested Development' Hold A Special Place In Our Hearts (VIDEO) In honor of the return of \Arrested Development\ this Sunday (May 26), we've created a mashup of Tobias' best denim shorts
amfAR Fashion Show 2013 Includes Quite A Few Victoria's Secret Models (PHOTOS) As if there weren't already enough beautiful women in France courtesy of the Cannes Film Festival, Thursday night's amfAR
Travel Clothes That Will Keep You Cute And Stay Comfortable On A Plane And Beyond (PHOTOS) 1. Boyfriend jeans. Not only are boyfriend jeans extremely comfortable, but once you arrive at your destination, they can
Cannes Is A Hot Bed For Our Best-Dressed List This Week (PHOTOS) The Cannes Film Festival is in full swing this week, and many of the stars on our best-dressed list were working their A
Retail Therapy As temporarily uplifting as an afternoon of store-hopping may be, excessive consumption can leave a lingering toll on your
Patti Labelle's Hair What's your favorite Patti Labelle hairstyle? 3. So in celebration of Patti Labelle's 69th birthday today (May 24), we've
Priscilla Presley's Style 6. A keyhole slit shows just the right amount of skin! 5. Nothing is sexier than a LWD (little white dress). 4. Want to appear
Get Sandal-Ready Feet With These 6 Pampering Products (PHOTOS) Open-toe shoe season has finally arrived! But the transition from wearing suede ankle boots to strappy flat sandals isn't
Michelle Obama's Tracy Feith Dress Is The Perfect Go-To Garment (PHOTOS) January 2009
Wedding Day Skincare Survival Guide You've got the ring. The date is set. The venue is confirmed. You're well on the way to the wedding of your dreams, but don't forget the icing on the three-tiered cake -- picture perfect skin!
Victoria Beckham's Jon Stewart Interview Is Squirm-Inducing (VIDEO) But Posh, being so very Posh, didn't make things any easier. When Stewart jokes that his wife is imaginary, Posh asked coyly
Joan Collins' Age Hasn't Changed Her Style One Bit (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. THOSE
Gisele Bundchen Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. PHOTO
January Jones Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. \u201cShe
Princess Charlene's Jumpsuit At Cannes Might Be Sexiest Look Yet (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Queen Maxima's Hat Is An Optical Illusion (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Kate Upton, Nina Agdal Trade Places As Prom Dates To High School Senior (VIDEO) Danish model Agdal agreed to sub in for Upton and let Inside Edition follow her around as she shopped for a dress and prepared
Fashion Editorial at the Gym Today, I spontaneously decided to walk into a spinning class at a gym I used to attend. Okay, let me not make it seem like \attend\ means frequent, more like I would go once a week to a spinning class at this particular spot.
Gisele 'Most Powerful' Model In World, Forbes Says Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
How to Shop Like a Parisian (From the Comfort of Your Couch) To quote Audrey Hepburn -- the godmother of all things chic and patron saint of many a blithe, LBD-clad fashionista -- \Paris is always a good idea.\
Kate Middleton's Garden Party Hat Is A Bold Look (PHOTOS, POLL) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. While
Pauly D New Hair Totally Transforms 'Jersey Shore' Star (PHOTOS) We could always spot the cast of \Jersey Shore\ a mile away
Axe Hair Commercials Prove First Impressions Matter (VIDEO) \Burglar\ Axe has unveiled an updated line of hair products to complement their existing body sprays, shave gels and shampoos
Victoria Beckham's Sneakers By Nike Are A Pretty Shocking Sight (PHOTO) The fashion designer took to Twitter yesterday afternoon to announce her evening run. \Lets go running fashion bunnies!!! Beautiful
Pippa Middleton's Date Night With Nico Jackson, Princess Eugenie & James Looks Fun (PHOTOS) Pippa & Nico
Sharon Stone's Dress At Cannes 2013 Is A Risky Choice (PHOTOS) The 2013 Cannes Film Festival has proven a veritable fashion show of high-slit dresses, from Eva Longoria's unfortunate \malfunction
Art 2 Wear  Last year in SoHo I was introduced to the stunning twins from Minnesota, Coco and Breezy Dotson. Naturally I thought the long limb beauties were fashion models but I quickly learned they are artists.
Miley Cyrus Billboard Awards 2013 Jumpsuit Is Surprisingly Covered Up (PHOTOS) One year later, at the 2013 Billboard show, Miley did a 180 and wore actual pants. The 20-year-old singer rocked an intricate
Selena Gomez Billboard Awards Dress Looks Like A 'Spring Breakers' Costume (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Ke$ha Billboard Music Awards Dress Is 'More Naked Than Usual' (PHOTOS) You never know what you're going to get with Ke$ha, who's as famous for her unpredictable fashion sense as she is for her
Beauty Spotlight on Jessica Capshaw Beautiful actress Jessica Capshaw plays Dr. Arizona Robbins on ABC's Grey's Anatomy. Jessica was in New York City last week on a whirlwind press and pleasure trip. She donned some pretty and stylish looks -- check out the beauty breakdown for each one here!
Sun, Sand and...Soup? Summer's Arrived! I love this time of year. But the warmer weather gets me thinking about being bikini-ready, getting on a healthier diet and keeping my skin glowing -- seeing as it's about to be on display a little more!
The Best Nail Polish Colors For Tanned Skin (PHOTOS) Choosing a nail polish color at the salon is no simple task. There are literally hundreds of shades to browse, and sometimes
Simple & Inexpensive Tricks to Make Your Home Look Sophisticated This week, I share tips about European decor, featuring the advice of my friend and interior decorator Tom Landry, whose taste is completely in line with mine (he could be an adopted European, even though he is a New Orleanian).
Growing Up Sexually I longed for the romantic, sexual combustion that would not only fill me up, but also unite me with my partner. However, without any real skills to get there, much of our sexuality became an exercise in approach-avoidance.
Royal Superlatives \Most Popular\ -- Kate Middleton Do we need to explain this one? \Friendliest\ -- Princess Mette-Marit We can always count
Best & Worst Beauty Of The Week It was all about the hair this week at the Cannes Film Festival. Gone are the days of straight strands and basic buns. The
Billboard Awards Red Carpet The Billboard Awards (you know, the music awards show that's not the Grammys and not the MTV Video Music Awards) are here
Eva Longoria Wardrobe Malfunction Exposes Actress' Lower Half At Cannes (PHOTOS) See photos of Longoria's soggy struggle below and click over to the Daily Mail for another photo of the malfunction. Some
Jennifer Lawrence, Rooney Mara Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Kim Kardashian Shows A Lot Of Skin, Kate Middleton Art & More Instagrams Of The Week This week the celebs were out and about snapping pictures of their busy happenings. Victoria Beckham took an intimate photo
Beyonce Is Pregnant And More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS) Before we talk about anything else, Beyonc\u00e9 is pregnant again. The veritable E! News tweeted it first and gasps were heard
Julianne Hough's Shoes Are Scaring Us In The Best Way Possible (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Tina Fey Style Evolution Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Amy Adams' V-Neck Stars In Actress' Latest Film (PHOTOS) Challenging Marilyn Monroe's classic halter-neck dress and J. Lo's infamous Grammys getup in equal parts, Amy's sexy neckline
Cannes' Daring Looks And More Dangerous Outfits This Week (PHOTOS) Cannes Film Festival started this week and the stars were out in full-force with intriguing fashion choices. It's quite the
Nicki Minaj's 'Idol' Shoes Are A Furry Puzzlement (PHOTOS, POLL) Nicki Minaj isn't known for having the tamest of style on \American Idol\ -- she even sparks fervent Twitter debates for
Rooney Mara's Calvin Klein Perfume Gig Seems Perfect For Her (PHOTO) Rooney Mara is about as downtown as a person can be, so it makes perfect sense that Calvin Klein would tap the actress to
Rihanna's Topshop Lawsuit Demands $5 Million Over Shirt Rihanna is a big fan of Topshop, splurging on clothing at the Oxford Street store and palling around with Topshop heiress
Go Green This spring, green is in. Like a St. Patrick's Day hangover, this color is proving that it has staying power. Green underwear seems to be popping up faster than the budding cherry blossoms.
Tutus, Cartwheels and Motherhood I may have cried when I heard her stores were closing. Ok, I cried a lot. I cried so much that my husband had to create a special \Betsey Johnson Emergency Fund\ that we used to purchase tons of Betsey Johnson items.
Beyonce's Maternity Wardrobe To Get Second Life With Another Baby? (PHOTOS) If it's true (fingers crossed!), Beyonce is totally ready
The Week's Worst-Dressed List Includes Rihanna's Cropped Top And Anne Hathaway's Gills (PHOTOS) There were also a few instances of stars stepping out in what looked like silk nighties -- Kerry Washington, we're talking
Nicole Kidman Tops The Best-Dressed List This Week In Stunning Dior (PHOTOS) This week's best-dressed celebrities experimented with lots of texture and detail. Case in point
Lash Extensions Keep scrolling down for more lash extensions tips. How long does it take to apply lash extensions? Applying a full set of
Cannes Jewelry Robbery UPDATE
Queen Maxima Style 3. She can cure us of our fear of hats. Maxima clearly has plenty of wisdom to impart, so we think she'd make the perfect
Carey Mulligan's Cannes Dress Channels A Major Gwyneth Paltrow Look (PHOTOS, POLL) PHOTOS
Miley Cyrus' Jumpsuit At Maxim Hot 100 Party Is A Total Hit (PHOTOS) As the star attendee of the Maxim Hot 100 party (she earned this year's top slot on the list), Miley dressed to impress in
Solange Knowles' Cannes Look Is a Fashion Risk (PHOTOS, POLL) PHOTOS
Sara George, Event Planner, And Her Secret To Maintaining Blonde Hair Color \I don't blow-dry my hair ever,\ Sara George, an event planner, told us recently. Her carefully planned haircare routine
Model Kylie Bisutti \My heart is broken that images that I took in the past and things that I did in the past could have possibly brought men
Julianne Moore's Shoes Look Incredibly Painful (PHOTOS, POLL) We're really wondering how Moore put on such a brave face, since we imagine she was in quite a bit of pain (we've been in
American Apparel Swedish Controversy Calls Out Brand For 'Degrading' Women (PHOTOS) The American Apparel store in Stockholm after a protest
Megan Fox Dressed Up Like A Sexy Schoolgirl (PHOTO) In celebration of her 27th birthday on Thursday (May 16), we are taking a look back at an old photo of the star. In this
How To Fix A Bad Dye Job Without Pulling Out Your Hair (VIDEO) Have you ever gone to the salon and had a dye job go terribly wrong? Or had an at-home hair color treatment turn tragic? After
New Fall Preview At New York Fashion Week this past spring, designers gave us a preview of what will be trending and what must have items we should incorporate into our wardrobe for autumn 2013.
1920s Fashion Click through our slideshow for a glimpse at a few famous flappers and to see how you can get this '20s look today. The fringed
Great Time-Saving Beauty Tips Listen, we get that the artful application of the perfect cat-eye, or the mastery of an intricate braiding technique are
Make Your Eyes Look Bigger With These 5 Makeup Tricks (VIDEO) Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostBeauty
Homemade Beauty Recipes From Around The World (VIDEO) Most of us have a homemade beauty recipe up our sleeve. Whether we slather our faces with avocado to get baby soft skin, put
Pippa Middleton's Shoes Add A Punch Of Fun To Lunch Outfit (PHOTOS) Is it just us or do you think that Pippa's been taking a few more fashion risks lately? As she continues to hit up style
Miley Cyrus Underwear Shots May Tease An Upcoming Jeremy Scott Campaign (PHOTO) PHOTO
Ashlee Simpson's Backless Dress Brings Her To The Front Of The Ballet Pack (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Prince Harry, Ladies' Man, Drives Girls Wild On US Tour (PHOTOS) For one week, American women forgot about their lifelong obsession with Ryan Gosling and focused their eyes (and cell phone
Paz Vega's Sheer Dress Is A Hit At Cannes (PHOTOS) Now this is how you wear sheer. While this is definitely a very risky red carpet choice, Vega managed to keep everything
Jennie Runk, Plus-Size Model, Explains Why The Industry Needs Body Types Like Hers At 5 feet 9 inches, Jennie herself maintains a US size 10. She writes that she was asked to either lose or gain weight when
Cindy Crawford's Cannes Dress Hugs Actress In All The Right Places (PHOTOS) Crawford attended the Cannes premiere of \The Great Gatsby\ on Wednesday in a fitted white Roberto Cavalli gown that offered
Practical Editor or Emotional Hoarder - What Is Your Closet Philosophy? Changes in season are beautiful markers of time and, perhaps even more beautiful, opportunities to take stock and evaluate. And while this can certainly be applied to the \big picture\ life stuff, it can also apply to the more practical.
Grace Centers Of Hope Partners With Glam4Good For A Powerful Fashion Show (PHOTOS) Check out Mary Alice and her team as they Glam4Good with the Grace Centers of Hope in Pontiac, MI. Follow Glam4Good on Twitter
Khloe Kardashian Braces Seem Right On-Trend (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Christy Turlington's Calvin Klein Underwear Comeback Is A Great Idea (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
'Bling Ring' Sought Underwear Of Paris Hilton, Miranda Kerr What do you think of the Bling Ring's connection to celebrity skin? Do you think the cultural \pornification\ Sales mentions
Kenneth Battelle Dead Kenneth Battelle, responsible for the iconic coiffures of both Jackie Kennedy and Marilyn Monore to name a few, died at 86
Zara Phillips' Style Hasn't Strayed Far From Her Tomboy Roots (PHOTOS She also spent her childhood riding horses. Zara has always been a serious athlete, playing hockey and gymnastics as a child
Mary, Crown Princess of Denmark, And Prince Frederik On Their Wedding Day (PHOTO) When you think of a royal courtship, you think of white swans and glass slippers, not bars and beer. But for Frederik, Crown
Josephine Baker Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostBeauty
Flag Manicure On Reddit Is The Coolest Thing We've Seen All Day (PHOTOS) Check out the flag nail art below and tell us how impressed you are. Few nail art endeavors impress us any more -- you could
Easy Summer-Hairdos When heat and humidity strike, the last thing you want to do is spend an eternity styling your hair, only for it to end in
You've Probably Never Heard Of These Influential Designers It's curious to wonder why some designer's legacies are preserved and others fall to the wayside. Read more on Fashionista.com
3 Blush Makeup Mistakes And How To Avoid Them (VIDEO) Another big blush mistake is applying it in the wrong place. Go too high and you get that baby doll look, or go too low and
Seinfeld Style Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Isaac Mizrahi's Eating Disorder Confession Brings About Skinny Model Revelation (VIDEO) More body image pioneers
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) DISCLOSURE
Mindy Kaling's Jewelry Taste Might Be Too 'Conspicuous' For Airplanes Mindy's no slouch in the dress department
Kristina Pyton, Graphic Designer, Uses Baby Powder For Oily Hair Her makeup is minimal, to say the least. Pyton credits her girlfriend for the black mascara she uses to elongate her eyelashes
Eco-Chic DIY Mother's Day Scrubs With so many cute vintage glass jars and vessels available these days at flea markets and craft stores, it's easy to create the perfect eco-chic gift made with love.
Blowout Tips What's the longest your salon blowout lasted? Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook
Lena Dunham's Best Fashion Moments From 'Girls' (GIFS) \> If you were to see a list of Lena Dunham's accomplishments, you would think that she has had a long career in Hollywood
The Beard In the world of facial stubble, the famous five o'clock shadow has become the nearly permanent 10 o'clock shadow, proving -- as if you needed proof at this point -- that this is the season of facial hair.
A Conversation With Fashion Designer Sir Paul Smith Sir Paul Smith talks about running a business from the heart, the importance of good posture and why you should keep it simple.
Millie Mackintosh's Wardrobe Malfunction At BAFTA Teaches Us A Valuable Lesson (PHOTOS) First, the sartorially-gifted Zoe Saldana had her dress blow up at the London premiere of \Star Trek.\ Then, Millie Mackintosh
Reese Witherspoon Blonde Again After Eventful Brunette Stint (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Gwyneth Paltrow Bikini Wax Requires Cameron Diaz \I was kidding!\ Gwyneth responded. She says she did have to shave her bikini line before wearing that famously sheer Antonio
Christy Turlington's Harper's Bazaar Cover Looks A Little... Off (PHOTOS) Because one supermodel is never enough... The cover in question
Beyonce Censored Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Mila, Ashton Hang With Princess Beatrice And Boyfriend Dave Clark (PHOTOS) Now all we need is a Mila-Kate meeting... The Sun reports that after dining together, two couples hit up Callooh Callay for
Princess Lalla Salma Of Morocco Emerges As Style Star After Dutch Inauguration (PHOTOS) Of course, the 35-year-royal princess consort of King Mohammed VI of Morocco hasn't been noticed by media quite like her
Prince Harry's Cheerleaders Put On A Show (PHOTOS) Prince Harry was in Colorado this weekend to cheer along paraplegic veterans competing in the Warrior Games. Luckily, it
ABC'S 20/20 -- A Bad Cut When TV \investigative journalism\ is done well, the public becomes educated, important issues receive attention... and someone wins an Emmy award. When it's done poorly, it seems, the story could end up on ABC's weekly news program, 20/20.
Valentino Casts Terry Richardson's Arm In New Ads (PHOTO) But if the Italian brand was trying to mix things up, Terry is certainly the way to go. The photographer has recently started
Victoria's Secret 'What Is Sexy' 2013 List Includes Beyonce, Rihanna, Blake Lively (VIDEO) VIDEO
Eva Longoria's Sheer Top And Parachute Pants PHOTOS
Best & Worst Beauty Of The Week Summer is a season that calls for daring changes, and this week stars paved the way for these transformations. At the Met
Oprah Goes Green, Young Justin Timberlake Makes Us Swoon & More Instagrams Of The Week The sun is out, our Panama hats are on and the boys' shirts are off (at ASOS at least!). This week was one of the most fun
Goldie Hawn, Kate Hudson And Other Stylish Mother-Daughter Duos (PHOTOS) In celebration of Mother's Day, we are taking a look at a few famous mother-daughter duos, including Goldie Hawn and Kate
Katharine Hepburn GIFs That Will Teach You Everything You Need To Know In Life How to live, love and flip furniture like a star.
Kate Middleton Outfit Repeats, Might Have An Official Due Date (PHOTOS) Ladies and gentlemen, we've got jaw-droppers aplenty in your daily Kate Middleton digest. While her brother-in-law Harry
Victoria Beckham's Vest Takes NYC By Storm (PHOTOS) How do Victoria's earlier looks compare? On a trip to New York City this weekend, The Artist Formerly Known As Posh Spice
Britney Spears' Sheer, One-Shoulder Dress Is The Springiest LBD We've Seen (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
V-Neck Dresses And More Dangerous Outfits This Week (PHOTOS) This week, in \Dangerous Outfits,\ a new player entered the game and created quite a stir
'Fashion Rules' Exhibition To Showcase Royal Dresses Of Elizabeth, Margaret & Diana Which Diana looks might the exhibition feature? Between Elizabeth, Margaret and Diana, the collection, curated by Cassie
Chanel Perfume Now Comes In A 30-Ounce Bottle (VIDEO) \This is not really for using,\ Passy says. \This is a showpiece. This is a $4,200 thing to put on your mantle or on your
Prince Harry's Colorado Trip When we turned 18, we got a really pretty pair of earrings for our birthday. Can you imagine what it must be like to get
Robin Williams Challenges Kim Kardashian And More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS) Are you tired of the Met Gala yet? Well, don't turn away just yet; we have some pretty good tweets that reflect our final
What Mom Wants More Than Flowers This Year A bouquet is nice, but the world is full of flowers in May. Why not get a little more creative for Mother's Day? Celebrate the mothers in your life (or drop some hints for your own gift) with these non-floral ideas:
John Corbett, Actor From 'Sex And The City,' Looks Very Different (PHOTOS) John's blonde hair, soul patch and mustache are quite a far cry from Aidan's low-maintenance vibe. What would Carrie think
Chrissy Teigen Rumors Of John Legend's Cheating Are Cleared By Model Herself We love this girl
Carey Mulligan's 'Great Gatsby' Makeup From the bobbed finger waves to the overly-powdered faces and rosy cheeks, the 1920s makeup look has been repeated time and
The Perks Of Sharing A Closet With My Mom My mother and I have shared clothes ever since I grew big enough to fit into the same things as she fit into. Hey, celebrities
Arianna Huffington On Her Skincare Regimen The media mogul and her daughter talk \nail fights,\ makeup-removal as a family ritual, and learning to slow down (and use
Rihanna's Sweatpants Top Our Worst-Dressed List This Week (PHOTOS) The theme for this week's worst-dressed list is stripes. Specifically, how not to wear the graphic pattern. Style stars like
Kate Upton Vogue Cover Labels Blonde 'Hottest Supermodel On Earth' (PHOTO) In an interview with Lizzie Widdicombe, Kate talks about the constant media scrutiny -- specifically, the uphill battle she
Pippa Middleton's Pattern Pants Are So Un-Kate (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Suri Cruise Clothing Line In The Works, Gossip Mill Says (UPDATE) \u201cSuri is only seven but she is incredibly interested in clothes. She has been through a very difficult year and adapted amazingly
Sleeping With the Prince Even armed with the best of intentions, we still see hugely skilled and qualified individuals (usually women) who, despite a portfolio of accomplishment, fall into the trap of looking to be rescued, with less than stellar results. They can often be found in the following situations.
Michelle Obama Blends Into The Curtains, Reminds Us Of Kim (PHOTOS) Seriously, she could have blended right in to this sofa
Isabella Rossellini Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Kardashian Makeup Line, Khroma Beauty, To Become Kardashian Beauty Some things change... but some things, like family and Kim's taste for tight clothing, never change at all
Amanda Seyfried's Commercial For Givenchy Is A Little Confusing (VIDEO) Seriously, how can we get this hair? News broke of Amanda Seyfried's gig with Givenchy's Very Irresistible fragrance last
How a Woman Over 40 Can Look Great With a Wardrobe That Is Age Appropriate Ladies, let's be honest with each other
Spring Lip Color Trends 2013 If you're stuck in a rut with your makeup routine, a bright lip is the easiest way to kick it up a notch. And this spring's
Sunglasses Inside Why do celebrities always wear sunglasses indoors? Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr
Prince Harry, Michelle Obama Meet In The White House! (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
To Be Happy or Beautiful, That Is the Question It's easy to laugh at beauty customs as being ridiculous or backwards when you're an outsider, but when you're on the inside few things can seem more important. And we're all on the inside to some extent.
Audrina Patridge Is Full Of Words Of Wisdom (GIFS) Check out Audrina's style evolution
The Narcissism Epidemic While difficult for many to follow, the \no engagement rule\ is fairly straightforward. Do not call him and do not answer
Melissa Verykios, Headhunter, And Her Three Tips To Better Skin Photo/Art
Vintage-Inspired Hair Accessories With 1920s Flair (PHOTOS) One way to add 1920s flair to your beauty look is with vintage-inspired hair accessories. Crystal embellished headbands, feathered
Prince Harry's Capitol Hill Visit Brings Out The Ladies (PHOTOS, VINE) The British royal has finally touched down in the U.S., kicking off his first tour of the country since that infamous Las
Phillip Lim For Target Coming To A Store Near You (VIDEO) Get ready for another designer collaboration that's sure to cause in-store frenzies
Turkish Airlines Backs Down On Lipstick Ban By Guy Faulconbridge Turkey is 99 percent Muslim but the NATO member state and European Union candidate has a secular constitution
Kate Moss' Nude St. Tropez Ads Showcase The Perfect Tan (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Kate Moss has lent her body -- her whole body -- to St. Tropez for a new ad campaign. As the first-ever face of the self
Gwyneth Paltrow To Miranda Kerr Hold up
Amanda Bynes' Seventeen Cover Proves That She Was Once America's Sweetheart (PHOTOS) Doesn't she look like America's sweetheart? The Nickelodeon alum scored quite a few top knotch covers for up-and-coming fashion
Makeup Bag Organization Once you've decided which products are staying and cleaned everything, sort your cosmetics into a clean makeup bag that fits
Kate Upton See who else made the list... Nina Agdal (No. 70) You would think models -- specifically swimsuit models or lingerie models
Linda Evangelista Style Evolution You better, work! Even though that sounds a little snooty, Evangelista stood out among her model contemporaries in the '90s
Urban Outfitters Controversy Brews Over Prescription Shot Glasses, Syringe Shooters (PHOTOS) UPDATE, 6/18/2013
Demi Lovato Blonde Looks Absolutely Gorgeous (PHOTOS) Check out Demi's new blonde look below and tell us what you think! While being honored for her work with children's mental
Selena Gomez's Jumpsuit On InStyle Is Same One Jennifer Lawrence Wore (PHOTOS, POLL) The singer's latest mature style move? Donning a chic Stella McCartney jumpsuit on the cover of June InStyle. As soon as
Mother's Day Beauty Gifts For Under $50 (PHOTOS) If your mom is beauty-obsessed like we are, you may be concerned about finding the perfect Mother's Day gift that won't put
Princess Mette-Marit's Hairstyle In San Francisco Is Pretty Hip (PHOTOS) The princess' braided updo was an elegant yet hip look -- and it kind of reminded us of challah (in a good way). Obviously
Selfridges Drive-Thru Allows Shoppers To Never Leave Their Cars Where we love ordering from
Solange's Suit Showcases A Surprisingly Practical Bra (PHOTOS) More memorable style moments from Solange
Amanda Bynes Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Broccoli and Cauliflower The two vegetables love and enjoy their lives together, however just because they share similarities it does not mean they
Kim Kardashian's Dress At Met Gala Is Defended By Designer The dress in question
Style Icons & Their Modern-Day Lookalikes (PHOTOS) Grace Kelly & Kate Middleton Audrey Hepburn & Natalie Portman Sophia Loren & Eva Mendes Rita Hayworth & Jessica Chastain
Kate Middleton's British Designers Kate has even been commended by Henry Holland, another hot commodity in the British fashion scene, for including newer designers
Kristen Stewart's Stylist Says She Refuses To Wear Peplums Last season, it was so funny because they called us out in The New York Times [that] Kristen had sort of hit every trend
What the Fashion Industry Must Learn from the Factory Collapse in Bangladesh The fashion industry is broken not because fast fashion exists; it's suffering because designers are beginning to think like they are fast fashion outlets. It's not an easy problem to fix, but the first step is to understand that we are perpetuating our own problems.
Zac Efron Shirtless Is A Great Use Of Sweatpants (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Dear Martha Stewart,  Are You Looking for a Man? I Can Help You! Martha, put on a turquoise fitted low cut dress and go to one of the places on my perfected list of where to find men.
Princess Elisabeth Of Denmark Looks Cute In A Rare Family Portrait (PHOTO) In celebration of her 78th birthday (on May 8), we are taking a look back at an old portrait of the princess and her family
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) Which item is your favorite? Leave me a comment below to let me know and please take a minute to rate your favorite slides
Met Gala Dresses 2013 Carolyn Murphy in $11,000 Nina Ricci
Does Abercrombie Only Want Thin Customers? Teen retailer Abercrombie & Fitch doesn't stock XL or XXL sizes in women's clothing because they don't want overweight women
Princess Charlene Ready For Children Now That She's 'Settled' Into Noble Role In an interview with Hello! magazine, Charlene explains that she had to get used to her new role before she could even think
Kerry Washington's Elle Cover Has Finally Arrived! (PHOTOS) Kerry Washington has landed the cover of Elle's June 2013 issue, making it the actress' first major fashion mag cover. Washington
10 Best-Dressed Baseball Players Kissing Celebs
The 10 Most Rebellious Moments in Fashion by Katherine Bernard, Vogue This year, the Costume Institute celebrates punk fashion, which evolved from anarchist expression
Mother's Day Gifts From The Best Mom-Focused Pinterest Accounts (PHOTOS) This week on Hot on Pinterest, we found some great accounts that will give you plenty of fresh ideas for Mother's Day gifts
Anne Hathaway Blonde Hair Is Still Happening -- What Do You Think? (PHOTOS, POLL) So she's holding onto her bleached locks for at least one extra day. We got a view of Anne's new hair IRL on Tuesday when
Underwear Brands for Style Conscious 20-Somethings While guys in their 20s might be holding on to some stedfast teenage pairs, there comes a time to invest in underwear that won't fall apart, or be completely out of style in a matter of months. We assembled a few brands we think best suit the unique needs of fun-loving 20-something men.
'Gun Bra' At NRA Convention Features Firearm Holster (PHOTOS) This isn't the first time we've seen a gun bra -- in addition to Lady Gaga's famous gun bra, the Flashbang brassiere has
The Best Skin Care Lines to Give Mom on Mother's Day Having reviewed thousands of \natural\ skin care lines, I have found a few that are exceptionally luxurious, ecologically-minded and effective -- at every price point. But let's face it, mom's can be sensitive so all of these have passed the test of yours truly's extremely irritable epidermis.
Lara Stone's Baby Boy Has Arrived, Photographer Says Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Vogue Movie Will Debunk Industry Deceptions For A Teenage Audience Even more positive role models
Kim Kardashian & Anna Wintour Dine Together Pre-Met Gala Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Cara Delevingne White Powder Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
The Met Ball's Most Memorable Beauty Looks Over The Years Celebrating all things punk rock, the 2013 Met Gala, hosted by Beyonc\u00e9 Knowles, is poised to be a memorable one. But fashion's
Met Ball 2013 Once a year, style dorks and celeb-watchers alike get to take in the fashion extravaganza that is the Met Gala. With A-listers
Met Gala 2013 Red Carpet With a livestreamed red carpet and Beyonce as an honorary chair of the event, the 2013 Met Gala might just be the swankiest
Met Gala Dresses They don't call the Met Gala the fashion Oscars for nothing. The Metropolitan Museum of Art's annual Costume Institute Gala
Discontinued Beauty Products Why God, why?
Spiderman Kiss WATCH
Financial Abuse We have all heard the painful stories of spousal abuse. We have a good idea what physical abuse is, and we are also aware of the terrible effects of emotional abuse. There is another type of abuse that is not as well known, but can be equally damaging, and that is financial abuse.
Mother's Day Gift Sets We're guilty as charged of waiting until the last minute to shop for a Mother's Day gift. It's difficult picking out a present
5 Cold Sore Treatment Tips That Will Help You Save Face Do you suffer from cold sores? What do you use to take the red out? Tell us in the comments section. Visine
I Don't Think I Want to Meet My 'Match' I filled out my profile and said what I wanted, told them what I was looking for and evidently, I'm into drunk, sex-obsessed short men who have no ambition, but are baby crazy. Thanks!
Channing Pickett, Actor, Uses Vitamin E Oil For Baby Soft Skin When we ran into Channing Pickett in Union Square, we couldn't help but stare at her alabaster skin and cherry red lips (it's
Kate Middleton As Duchess Catherine continues to peck away at furnishing her London apartment and her country house--the former was estimated
David Beckham's Hair In The '90s Was Actually Kind Of Cute (PHOTOS) Check out his current, um, body of work
Kris Jenner's Long Hair Is Quite A Surprise (PHOTOS) Keeping up with the Kardashians' hairstyles is a full-time job. If they're not cutting bangs, attaching hair pieces or taking
Michelle Obama Not 'Chic,' Says Simon Doonan \As a public servant you can never appear to be chic. You need to look kind,\ he offered. She's got two Ivy League degrees
Paris Hilton Lingerie Lawsuit Dropped According to the New York Post, Hilton was scheduled to appear in court this month to defend herself. But her lawyer and
Carla Bruni 'Fat' Comments Got To The Former First Lady Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Dark Spots Can Be Concealed With... Red Lipstick? Red lipstick can instantly take an outfit from boring to stunning, do double-duty as a cheek stain and, of course, work alone
The Trick To Cleaning Up Nail Polish Spills And Stains Into every life, a little nail polish must fall. But just because you accidentally lacquered your skirt, desk, or couch doesn't
How To Buy An Entirely New Summer Wardrobe Before you set your closet on fire, we're not here to recommend starting anew, sartorially, we mean Read more on Refinery29
Beyonc\u00e9's Best Met Gala Ensembles So Far Beyonc\u00e9 is this year's Met Gala honorary chair, and we couldn't be more excited to see how she dresses for the fashion industry's
Naomi Campbell Split? Supermodel's Romance With Vladimir Doronin On The Rocks My, how Naomi has changed... The Huffington Post reached out to Campbell's publicist for comment regarding the report of
Rihanna Bondage Boots Are The Same As Anne Hathaway's That One Time (PHOTOS) You'd think celebrities could learn from each other's mistakes, right? Rihanna took a cue from Anne Hathaway's not-so-fine
Gisele How will her H&M ads compare? Gisele also posted a teaser photo of her own on Instagram with the caption, \Beautiful sunshine
Miley Cyrus' 'Sex' T-Shirt & Hot Pants Are A Strange Look (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Hasidic Jew In Harper's Bazaar? 'Black Code' Shoot Sparks Controversy (VIDEO) Another day, another international fashion spread that caricatures a minority group. More glossy controversies
Princess Letizia's Hat Is Bringing Back Bad Millinery Memories (PHOTOS, POLL) Princess Letizia doesn't make for the most exciting subject of a royal fashion watch. The Spaniard tends to favor pantsuits
Kate Moss' Party Look Brings Back '80s Memories (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Katy Perry's Prada Dress Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Bianca Jagger Style Evolution If you look up the definition of \style icon\ in the dictionary, we think there should be a photo of Bianca Jagger next to
Miley Cyrus V Cover BuzzFeed says Miley looks like a \pilates instructor.\ We have to say we're just impressed she bothered with a bra this time
Step Up to the Plait From spring runways to music festivals, braids are (still) everywhere -- this time, the dirtier the better.
A New Breed of Style No longer dictated by fashion trends, the seasons, or glossy magazines, modern style in Los Angeles has evolved to encompass the totality of one's being, identity, and lifestyle.
Multi-Colored Nails I now had three different colors distributed on my ten fingers. It was an easy fix of a multi-hue mini-rainbow of blue and green. At the Awards show that night I got lots of compliments on my multi-color nails. I may have been perfectly on trend, but I wasn't sure how I felt about them
Kate Hudson & Goldie Hawn Share More Than Just DNA (VIDEO) Kate confessed to coveting her mom's '70s aesthetic
Alice Eve Gives Us Serious Emma Stone Vibes (PHOTOS) Think she's headed for the Best-Dressed List? An exact doppelg\u00e4nger? Hardly. But Eve's gorgeous red carpet ensemble has us
What Flowers Do I Get Mom for Mother's Day? As the creative director of Matthew David Celebrations, the big question I'm always asked is \What are the perfect flowers to get for Mother's Day?\ To help you answer this important question, I've outlined five ways to find the ideal flower for you Mom.
Hairstyle Appreciation Day Alexa Chung \She executes the perfect shoulder-length cut and makes it look so easy -- even with bangs! Ugh. I tried once
Victoria Beckham's Haircut Is The Latest 'Pob' Iteration (PHOTOS) Naturally, Posh took to Twitter today to debut her new look. \Loving the hair! Thank u Tina Outen,\ she tweeted along with
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) GET READY, GET SET, BID!!! This eclectic mix of designer and non-designer vintage clothing and accessories caught my discerning
'Mean Girls' GIFS DON'T
No-Wash Shirt By Wool & Prince Is Perfect For Lazy Dudes Who Hate Laundry (PHOTOS) How often do you wash your shirts? Your dresses? Your bras? (We're going to plead the Fifth on that one.) Here are a few
Lena Dunham's Style Is Fine 'As Is,' Says Bergdorf's Betty Halbreich Luckily, Dunham herself isn't looking to change anything about her look or the way she's portrayed on television. She proudly
Ally Hilfiger's Shoes Hey, they could be worse
Mother's Day Gift Guide Let me guess...You're planning on getting Mom flowers again for Mother's Day. How original. So you're going to give her something additional to take care of that she's going to feel guilty about when it dies in a week? Check out this slideshow instead and find the best gifts for mom this year.
8 Ways to Add a Philanthropic Angle to Events I'm a big proponent of incorporating a philanthropic angle into your event -- it takes the occasion beyond one night (or day) of celebration, raises awareness of whatever cause you might choose to highlight, and of course, makes everybody involved feel good.
Uma Thurman Looked Hot Back In Her Modeling Days (PHOTO) Getty Images/Andrea Blanch/Contributor Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest
Makeup For Men That Will Make You Do A Double-Take (PHOTOS) Apply a nourishing lip balm (Carmex Moisturizing Lip Balm) all over the lips to keep them smooth and kissable! When we first
Abby Berkson, Museum Associate, Convinces Us To Do A Big Chop When it comes to hair, most women yearn for what they don't have. Whether it's wearing their curly locks super straight or
Royal Wedding Kiss Was Twice As Nice (PHOTOS) Standing on the balcony at Buckingham Palace, the couple went in for one peck... Then, when the crowd demanded a second kiss
Model Fall At Nigeria Fashion Week In Lagos Is Intense (PHOTOS) It's not the first time... We feel for ya, girl. Even if we haven't been there, we know some women who have. PHOTOS
Queen Beatrix's Farewell Dinner Features Royal Guest List On Eve Of Abdication (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Brad Pitt Looks Smokin' Hot, Sheryl Crow Goes Glam & More Instagrams Of The Week This week we were a bit overwhelmed with finding new ways to spruce up our look for spring... and now we don't know where
Chrissy Teigen Wardrobe Malfunction Proves The Model Can Laugh At Anything (PHOTOS) This isn't Chrissy's first brush with overexposure; she has stepped out in a super-sheer dress and went all but pantsless
Michelle Obama White House Correspondents' Dinner 2013 Dress Check out early photos of Michelle's \Nerd Prom\ dress. Thoughts? But what caught our eye even more were the bangs! Michelle's
Obama With Bangs At White House Correspondents' Dinner 2013 Is Genius (PHOTOS) The real thing
Christine O'Donnell WHCD Dress Looks Familiar (PHOTO) What do you think? Let us know in the comment section and check out more of Christine O'Donnell's tweets from the night below
Why Prince Harry Was The Best Groomsman Ever At The Royal Wedding (PHOTOS, GIFS) While Prince William took serious vows, his baby brother kept our spirits high. Instead of stealing the show like some siblings
Best & Worst Beauty Of The Week The best beauty looks this week showcased great hair. \Mad Men\ starlet Kiernan Shipka sported an age-appropriate updo, while
Olivia Munn's White House Correspondents' Dinner Look There's more WHCD glam where that came from
Stars Bare It All With Sheer And Slips This week might just be the most daring one yet, now that the red carpet is warming up. Celebrities are taking serious fashion
Jimmy Fallon's Prom Style And More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS) Prom season is upon us and what better way to celebrate than to take a look back at Jimmy Fallon's hilarious and amazing
Amy Poehler's White House Correspondents' Dinner Ensemble Is So Glam (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Anna Wintour & Marc Jacobs' Matching Prada Style Couples who have us seeing double
Why Pippa Middleton Was The Worst Bridesmaid (PHOTOS) 6. She was really bad at fake crying. 7. She totally dragged the train. 1. SHE WORE WHITE. 5. She was WAY taller than all
Betsey Johnson's Accessory Collection We love accessories that speak for themselves. What's the story behind your favorite accessory? Tell us in the comments! Eclectic
White House Correspondents' Dinner Red Carpet Forget your high school prom -- nerd prom, a.k.a. the White House Correspondents' Dinner, is where it's at. Tonight, media
Kate Middleton's Baby Bump Makes An Appearance On Our Best-Dressed List This Week, Obvi (PHOTOS) We also saw some interesting takes on the classic tuxedo jacket. Paltrow wore a dress version, while \The Face\ judge Karolina
Fashion Whip Those of us without tickets will be watching E! from the comfort of our couches. But if you did score an invite, what should you wear? Several popular fashion trends from last year are likely to make a comeback this weekend.
Royal Engagement Interview Is Still Incredibly Cute (VIDEO) Two years later, with a baby on the way, the royal pair seem to be enjoying life on the other side (seriously). In honor
Jessica Alba's Style Evolution Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Jemima Kirke, 'Girls' Star, Knows Just How To Meet The Parents (PHOTO) See more memorable looks from \Girls\ Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest
Kim Gordon's Style Is An Alternative Rock Icon (PHOTO) In honor of Kim's 60th birthday on April 28th, we're taking a look back at her iconic fashion sense in this 1986 photo snapped
Naomi Campbell Debuts Blonde Hair For Vogue Brazil (PHOTO) Check out the new cover. Do you prefer Naomi brunette or blonde? My, how Naomi has changed... The new color, we think, looks
Celine Dion's Son's Heels Take After His Mother's Shoe Collection (VIDEO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Selena Gomez's Bizarre Outfit Is Strangely Flattering (PHOTOS) A more conventional method of belly-flashing
Amanda Bynes Shaves Head, Reveals Undercut Hair On Twitter (PHOTOS) Hopefully, this new look will give Amanda a much-needed change of aura. The girl hasn't had the best few months... Want more
Gwyneth Paltrow Dress Explained On Ellen TMI, guys. TMI. We knew you shaved your head that one time, Gwyneth, but you probably could have left the hair removal details
Jessica Biel's Brown Smokey Eye Is What You Should Be Wearing This Spring (PHOTOS) 1. Define the eye shape with MAC Eye Pencil in Coffee, then blend on Tom Ford Eye Color Quads in Cognac Sable and Cocoa Mirage
The City With the Least Chic Reputation? Washington, D.C. offers the whole package. We are a true world capital, with style, culture, and a great culinary scene. You certainly know of the impact that Michelle Obama has had on the style culture in D.C., but here are 9 other reasons why we're not as unfashionable as you might think!
Best/Worst Brands Whenever I see a really big afro in bustling NYC, I get the feeling it's winking at me, saying, \Remember me?\ When an afro sighting is followed up by a throwback cigarette or e-cigarette advertisement on a bus shelter I don't smile, for a moment i get genuinely confused what era it is.
Peeling Sunburn Sit in bath that contains a few drops of lavender oil. Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook
Are You Washing Your Face Wrong? (VIDEO) Meanwhile, check out these beauty myths that we've debunked (or proven true)
Rihanna's Rottweiler And Katy Perry's Smooshed Bosoms Top Our Worst-Dressed List This Week (PHOTOS) Then there were celebrities whose style was from decades past ... and probably should have stayed there. Salma Hayek's zoot
A Conversation With Artist and Fashion Illustrator David Downton When it comes to fashion illustrations and celebrity portraits, is there anyone more famous or more sought after than David Downton right now?
Royals' Harry Potter Tour Gets Super Silly (PHOTOS) Why stick to horse races, afternoon tea and other stuffy royal events when you can tour the set of \Harry Potter\? Want more
Obama Sarkozy Gifts Include Louis Vuitton Bag, Dior Robes & Hermes Towels According to the government doc, the gifts were accepted because \non-acceptance would cause embarrassment to donor and U.S
Laura Nekrasoe, Waitress, Swears By DIY Face Masks For Dry Skin The secret to her flawless complexion? A DIY face mask made out of avocado, honey and sugar. \I have dry skin and this mixture
Designing Your Perfect Cut The architecture of a good haircut comes down to simple geometry
Korea Pageant Contestants All Look Strikingly Similar, Commenters Find (PHOTOS) Do Korean beauty pageants have a Photoshop problem? A plastic surgery problem? Both? Plenty of commentators on Reddit echoed
Karl Lagerfeld's Age Finally Revealed By Designer Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Gwyneth Paltrow's Sheer Dress For 'Iron Man 3' Premiere Is A Little Risky (PHOTOS) Of course, Gwyn has practiced the sheer look before, so this get-up seems like the, um, natural progression. On our end, we
Beyonce H&M Commercial Is One Long Music Video Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Princess Tatiana Of Greece And Denmark Shows Off Style In Sheer Top (PHOTOS) Check out Princess Tatiana's outfit from last night's fashion party and tell us
Selena Gomez's Boots, Bindi Catch Our Eyes (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Kim Kardashian Flashes Her Underwear, Could Really Use A Slip (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Demi Moore's Sheer Jumpsuit Is A Fashion Risk (PHOTOS, POLL) We've been seeing a lot of stars stepping out in jumpsuits lately, and depending on how it's styled, it can succeed or fail
5 Hair Routine Stress-Savers For Your Mornings And Nights No more \bad hair days!\
Renee Zellweger In 'Bridget Jones's Diary' Is As Cute As A Bunny (VIDEO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Kylie Bisutti's Modeling Account 'I'm No Angel' Chronicles Serious Eating Disorders The fashion industry has tried to rectify these damaging standards by signing on to efforts like Vogue's Health Initiative
Bikinis vs. One-Piece Swimsuits Surprised by the findings? We're not -- being self-conscious about one's \bikini body\ plagues almost every woman we know
The 'Plastic Surgery Diet' This diet is essentially a modification of the Mediterranean diet, choosing foods rich in antioxidants and omega-3 fatty
Matthew McConaughey Defends Justin Bieber's Distaste For Shirts (VIDEO) Do you think Bieber's style is defendable? \Really? Well, he keeps doing it in airports, right?\ Matthew responds. Get More
Dress the Part Justin Timberlake's Style Evolution Vogue
10 Best-Dressed Pregnant Ladies More from Vanity Fair
Uggs Are More Popular Than You Think & More Fun Facts From Beso's Shoe Survey Which other facts are unbelievable? Take a look at the full survey below. If they can wear them, so can you
Michelle's Style List App Will Show You Where To Buy The First Lady's Fashion Launched last week, Michelle's Style List will not only break down Mrs. O's ensembles, but it will also provide direct links
Kate Middleton Topless Photos Indictments Made In French Court See some less controversial photos of Kate Middleton
Online Dating Survey Says Over 50% of Women Will Date Men 30 Years Older A new survey of over 4000 active members SugarDaddyForMe.com revealed that over half of the women in the U.S. were comfortable dating men 30+ years older than them.
No Hair Tie? This Backcombing Trick Will Secure Your Strands (PHOTO, VIDEO) See how it's done in the hair tutorial below and tell us in the comments section if this no-hair tie trick works for you
Estee Lauder, Cosmetics Legend, And Her Flawless Skin (PHOTO) As the youngest of nine children, Lauder spent her adolescence working in her family's hardware store. She became interested
How to Stop Making Excuses How many times have you found yourself moving in the direction you want to go and then catch yourself saying \I'm not (blank) enough?\ We let that stop us, and we use this as an excuse to not receive what we really want in life.
The Tangle of the Sexes Is Not Really That Hard to Detangle One thing I would say with absolute certainty is that in the area of female sexuality, men are not from Mars and women are not from Venus. They are from totally different galaxies.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) Which item is your favorite? Leave me a comment below to let me know and please take a minute to rate your favorite slides
Pippa Middleton Effect Which is great for us -- this may strike some as blasphemy, but sometimes we think Pippa might even have better fashion than
Prada Employee's Lawsuit Now Involves 'Discrimination,' Aid From UN Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
January Jones' Casual Style Is Out Of Sync With 'Mad Men' Co-Stars (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Designer-Model Michael Tintiuc Talks Fashion and Skateboarding Michael Tintiuc has a look that is not easily forgotten. Between his trademark long, dark brown hair, doe-like eyes and soft, sensuous features, it isn't a surprise that this young man found himself working hard as the male model whose presence would demand worldwide attention on both the catwalk and in print.
Ryerson University Students Take on the City in Style In anticipation of the warm weather and carefree days of summer, students at Ryerson University are excited to finally ditch the parkas and trade in their toques for sunglasses. This year, winter has lingered long enough and it's about time to break out the floral dresses and strappy sandals.
Duchess Kate's Bump Looks Lovely In Erdem During Manchester Visit (PHOTOS) Another notable moment during this visit was when Kate made a speech, her very first public talk since her pregnancy was
Bras Showing Isn't Always A Bad Thing, Audrey Tautou Proves (PHOTOS) Check out Am\u00e9lie -- er, Audrey -- in her lacy look. Do you approve? Our mothers always told us to keep our bras out of sight
John Galliano's Fashion Fail Has The Designer Ducking For Cover (PHOTO) Are these looks more or less \normal\? Nice try, Galliano. We'd recognize you a mile away, even in sunglasses. This look
A Fishtail Braid For When Your Hair Is Dirty (PHOTOS, VIDEO) There is hope, ladies!
Coach & Reed Krakoff Part Ways To Allow Designer To Focus On His Own Line \u201cHis contribution in evolving Coach from a house of American leather goods to a leading international accessories brand is
A Conversation With Fashion Designer and Philanthropist Donna Karan Donna Karan, the pioneering fashion designer and the tireless philanthropist talks about meditation, traveling on a motorcycle and that thing which she refers to as her savior.
Kelly Osbourne's Tan Is Not The Best Look (PHOTOS) For her latest appearance, Kelly attended the E! 2013 Upfront looking a little more orange than usual. Paired with her purple
Gwyneth Paltrow Kids' Bikinis So what do you think
Barbra Streisand Style Evolution Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Kris Jenner Wears Kim's Old Valentino Dress On The Red Carpet (PHOTOS, POLL) Kris in the Valentino dress... Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and
3 Flower Headband Lessons We've Learned From Katy Perry (PHOTOS) Is it too much? Let's dissect how Perry's styling her headband
How to Wear Pastel Jackets Pastel is the color of the season and the lighter hues are showing up on every piece of clothing imaginable, including your leather goods. If you're holding out on snagging yourself a piece of the pastel pie, you are definitely missing out.
Romeo And Juliet Fish Tank Scene Makes Us Want To Dress Like An Angel (VIDEO) Few movie scenes render us as useless as the fish tank moment in the 1996 version of \Romeo + Juliet.\ Just one look at Leonardo
Carla Bruni's 'Disguise' Is A Far Cry From Her Dior Wardrobe Of Yore (PHOTOS) Carla Bruni may not be a first lady anymore, but she's still a bona fide celeb. Need proof? Mme. Sarkozy took to the street
Kate Middleton's Mulberry Coat Shows Off Growing Baby Bump During Scouts Visit (PHOTOS) While the growing baby bumps of stars like Kim Kardashian and Busy Philipps have been on full display, it feels like we haven't
Madonna, Macy's Teaming Up For One-Night Fashion Exhibit (PHOTOS) September 2004
Luisana Lopilato Makes Michael Buble Swoon In Fiery Red Dress (PHOTOS) A closer look at the JUNO Awards
Stephanie Seymour's Dress Has Us Cocking Our Heads (PHOTOS) We're well aware that Stephanie Seymour's still got it. Aside from landing high fashion campaigns, the 44-year-old can still
Reese Witherspoon's Arrest Really Seems To Suit Her (PHOTOS) Judging by Reese Witherspoon's behavior over the weekend, it would seem that going brunette does inspire a little recklessness
Oily Skin Products That Beat The Shine (VIDEO) Do you have oily skin? What products do you use to get rid of shine? Tell us in the comments section. Skincare products to
What My 20's Have Taught Me About Style I always start my spring cleaning off by clearing out my closet and donating old clothes. When I was only able to fill one large shopping bag this year, I realized why
Philip Treacy Now that the head honcho of the headgear industry has officially deemed fascinators pass\u00e9, we're going to have to say a formal
Students Balance Studies and Style at Purdue University Purdue places a strong emphasis on academics and a lot of students are here on scholarship. That means that many are either too busy with school to care about fashion or simply don't have it in the budget to sport the latest trends.
Matthew McConaughey's Suit Sure Is Ambitious (PHOTOS) McConaughey suited up for Sunday's \Mud\ premiere in New York City wearing a three-piece look by ever-edgy designer Vivienne
Janice Dickinson Broke? Supermodel Reportedly Declares Bankruptcy Read more at NYPost.com. Maybe we can all go a little easy on Dickinson now that she's going through a rough patch? According
Naomi Watts' Dress Is Patterned Perfection (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Queen Elizabeth II Was A Bookworm In Her '40s Princess Days (PHOTO) Enter Windsor Castle, June 1940. Fourteen-year-old Elizabeth, then a mere princess, sat by the window with her nose in a
Best & Worst Beauty Of The Week We also noticed that actresses like Uma Thurman and Kate Hudson are embracing a more natural look, while celebrities like
Jennifer Lawrence's Haircut Makes Waves At The GLAAD Media Awards (PHOTOS) Lawrence wore a David Koma dress and kept her makeup relatively simple, opting for a nude lip and smoky eye. We're not crazy
Victoria Beckham's Birthday Cake And More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS) Remember last year when Victoria Beckham had a celebratory fruit salad for her birthday? Well, this year was (thankfully
Karolina Kurkova's Gun Dress Makes A Statement Yet Karolina Kurkova offended many with a stunning wardrobe choice that may have made an overt statement about our country's
Crop Tops, Slits And Jumpsuits Celebs also dug out their crop tops from last summer, popping up in the popular shirt style left and right. While many stars
Kate Middleton We couldn't have said it better ourselves. Kate has led the pregnant pack in a series of stylish coats and patterned tights
Selling Old Clothes? Here Are 8 Tips To Boost Your Profits Take the time to pack up your things nicely, as this can make a difference to your buyer. Use your finest hangers and garment
Grace Kelly's Wedding To Prince Rainier Was An Elegant Affair (PHOTO) In celebration of Princess Grace and Prince's Rainier's anniversary (on April 19), we are taking a look back at their wedding
Chrissy Teigen's No Pants Look Reminds Us Of A Miley Cyrus Outfit (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Christian Lacroix To Design Schiaparelli Couture Collection Lacroix, as many will recall, lost his creative director job when his namesake label filed for bankruptcy in 2009. While
Tracy Anderson Leggings Will Hopefully Give You Gwyneth's Butt (PHOTOS) The high-end trainer's workouts don't come cheap, and these leggings fit in Anderson's sky-high price bracket. Patterned
Growing Out Your Bangs? Here Are 8 Hairstyle Ideas To Survive The Stressful Phase Listen up, Kimmy!
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) This eclectic mix of designer and non-designer vintage clothing and accessories caught my discerning eye because of its uniqueness, contemporary feel and highly collectible nature.
Is Gluten-Free the Answer to Clear Skin, Too? If you feel like you're already doing everything you can to get clear skin -- eating right and using good-for-you skin care products -- yet... you're still battling blemishes, acne or eczema or other skin issues that just won't die, you could actually have an allergy to gluten.
Beyonce's Nipples Costume Kicks Off Concert Tour (PHOTOS) There's been a lot of buzz about the fashion for Beyonc\u00e9's Mrs. Carter Show World Tour, so we all waited patiently for photos
Miranda Kerr Rumors Debunked And it seems posing as an Angel takes up too big a chunk of that precious time
Saffi Karina, Plus Size Model, Launches Curve Project London Class For Beginners See more plus-size models! In light of the changing climate, plus-size models have been speaking up, suggesting larger sample
Jaden Smith Clothing Line, MSFtS, Was Probably Inevitable (PHOTOS) It's become commonplace for celebrity kids to venture into modeling. But Jaden Smith isn't just any celebrity kid -- as the
Crystal Renn Shoot Features Unlikely Animal Costars (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Crystal's more conventional work
Ke$ha Jewelry Line Looks Suprisingly Earthy (PHOTOS) \Going to their office was like a crazy playground for me \u2013 so many fun stones and colors and weird objects. We just sat
Royal Fashion, As Seen On Kate Middleton & Prince William, That Just Wasn't Right (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Pamela Anderson Goes Glam At The International Beauty Show (PHOTOS, POLL) Dressed in a demure black dress, Anderson swept her blonde locks into a messy updo with face-framing pieces \u00e0 la Brigitte
Amanda Seyfried On Her Boobs Amanda, of course, doesn't really mind admitting anything. This is the gal, after all, who told the New York Post that she
Photoshopped Legs On Wolford Website? (PHOTOS) Take a look at the images below and examine them more closely in their natural habitat over on Wolford's website. Do you
How to Deal Years ago, I would just pluck a couple of suits off the rack at the nearest discount store and make do, but when the pictures were developed from that beach day, I would cringe. Granted, there is no magic suit that matches every single body, but here are some tips I've picked up along the way.
Amazing Getaway to Portico Club\u02bcs, Casa Privada in Punta Mita, Mexico We were in Punta Mita, Mexico for a family surf trip. It's a sleepy little resort town about half an hour north of Puerto Vallarta. We split our time between the main drag there and an unbelievable private residence, called Casa Privada.
Giuliana Rancic On Joan Rivers' Criticism Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Victoria Beckham Style Evolution Posh is well-dressed, talented and even -- wait for it -- funny. Who knew? The designer has even been quoted taking jabs
The 7 Most Hated People In Fashion (PHOTOS) So tell us
See The Rolling Stones Before They Released 'Aftermath' (PHOTO) Getty Images/Michael Ochs Archives/Stringer Check out more photos of the Rolling Stones through their career
Miss Russia 'Haters' Say Elmira Abdrazakova Isn't Russian Enough (PHOTOS) This is not the first beauty pageant to spark debate about national identity. In 2012, Miss Fiji Torika Watters drew criticism
Carey Mulligan's Vogue Cover Channels 'Great Gatsby' Glam (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Gwyneth Paltrow's 'Cape' Fights With Floral Print Gwyneth Paltrow is not one to keep it conservative (when you work that hard for a \22-year-old stripper\ butt, you want to
Ella With her brand, Ella, Elinr\u00f3s Lindal has made it her mission to provide luxurious clothing that make women feel beautiful and confident, while, at the same time, being mindful of the environmental and economical impact of the industry.
Helena Christensen's Topless Cover For Elle Is A Bit Odd (PHOTOS) The fashion industry is full of people who don't mind taking their clothes off
Georgina Chapman Has Baby Boy Can you spot Chapman's pre-son designs? Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest
Getting Dressed In The 90s Was As Easy As 1-2-3 (PHOTOS) 2. Pick your favorite cami. Preferably one with a discrete \LTD2\ logo on the bottom hem. 7. Slip on those Skechers (no need
Tom Ford How does a designer with a legendary career and a peaking line of his own stay humble for the press? If he's Tom Ford, he
2013 MTV Movie Awards Swag Suites Benefiting charity
MTV Movie Awards Red Carpet 2013 They're no Oscars, but the MTV Movie Awards still bring out some well-dressed stars. From Beyonce and K-Stew to Rachel McAdams
Cigarette Hat On MTV Movie Awards Red Carpet Has Us Scratching Our Heads (PHOTOS) The fascinator, created by Alain Lafaille for He-Ha, was in the shape of a crumpled-up cigarette and rested, all bent out
Melanie Iglesias' MTV Movie Awards Dress Is An Eyeful (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Kim Kardashian's MTV Movie Awards Dress Is Downright Sexy Maternity Wear (PHOTOS) For reference, see Kim's previous maternity ensembles
Beyonce's H&M Bikini Ads Are Just As Fierce As We Thought They'd Be (PHOTOS) Not enough Beyonce for your morning? Here's more
Selena Gomez's MTV Movie Awards Hair Reminds Us Of A Dr. Seuss Character (PHOTOS) Selena Gomez was slated to perform her new single, \Come & Get It,\ at the 2013 MTV Movie Awards. But she kicked things off
Prom Dress Facebook Groups This is no new phenomenon, though -- even we can remember storekeepers maintaining extensive binders to keep track of which
Katy Perry Lawsuit Over Hair Contract For GHD Could Get Messy Eek. These celebrity beauty contracts often seem to go awry, as in the case of the Kris Jenner and her ill-timed facelift
Elle and Blair on the Best and Worst of Spring 2013 Fashion (WATCH) Beauty and fashion gurus Elle and Blair Fowler stop by the What's Trending to chat about the hottest seasonal trends, how to pick the perfect phone case for your outfit, and what's in store for 2013.
Baggy Pants Law Will Fine Offenders In Louisiana Parish Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Vanessa Hudgens' Coachella Style Heats Up The Night (PHOTOS) We know from Vanessa Hudgens' Instagram how excited she's been for Coachella fashion, so we're certain the star was sartorially
Movie Awards 2013 The MTV Movie Awards aren't the most highly viewed awards in the biz, nor are they the most fashionable. But the event still
Best & Worst Beauty Of The Week Spring trend alert
Ke$ha Looks Almost All-Natural With Minimal Styling, Makeup (PHOTOS, POLL) Sure, she may pick wacky outfits we'd never dream of wearing, but we've come to expect the unexpected from Ke$ha. What do
Selena Gomez Picks Peplum At NewNowNext Awards (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Rihanna Wears A Crop Top, Lindsay Lohan Looks Great And More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS) This week Instagram was hopping with people documenting the first signs of spring. The folks over at The Coveteur took an
Pregnant Halle Berry Styles Baby Bump With Cutouts (PHOTOS) Maternity leave? Not for this actress! After topping this week's best-dressed list, Halle Berry showed up to the premiere
Ireland Baldwin's Coachella Outfit Is All-American (PHOTOS) Festival fashion is certainly a far cry from the catwalk. Do you think Ireland aced it? Ah, Coachella. Most look to America's
'Me-Ality' Machine Helps Shoppers Find Jeans That Fit Perfectly We heard about Me-Ality technology last year, and now it's arrived at Bloomingdale's locations in New York and California
Cutout Dresses, Sheer And Lace Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Cindy Crawford Takes Us Back In Time And More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS) Cindy Crawford revealed one of the most awesome photos on Twitter this week
Shannen Doherty Before She Became A '90210' Bad Girl (PHOTO) In celebration of her 42nd birthday today (April 12), we are taking a look back at an old photo of the star. In this 1982
Haircare I mean really, why do those pesky bangs seem to grow a million times faster than the rest of your hair? That's the first question I'm asking when I get to heaven.
Abigail Breslin Style Evolution With an acting career that began with a stint in a Toys \R\ Us commercial, it's amazing to see just how far Abigail Breslin
Rachel Zoe Is So Superficial She's Profound Until Rachel Zoe, I had never witnessed someone having a true peak experience over clothes and accessories. Characterized by overwhelming joy, rapture, and oneness with the universe, peak experiences are the aha moments of life.
Michael Kors' Beauty Line To Capture Sporty, Sexy, Glam And... FLOTUS? Kors' collection, which will be sold exclusively at Macy's, will be divided into three different categories
Average Time Spent Shaving Legs In A Lifetime? 72 Days, New Survey Says Of course, as the Telegraph notes, the finding is based on the premise that a woman spends about 4 minutes shaving her legs
Don't Do the Scooby Doo! Wearing shoes that are comfortable and fashionable is not a lofty goal. Try going up a size and adding supports. Resist falling prey to a great sale but the wrong size. Take care of your feet or do the rest of us a favor and cover up if you don't have the time.
Issa, Banana Republic Team Up For Collaboration Now Issa London is ready to take on shoppers in the big leagues with Banana Republic (another Kate Middleton favorite, by
Heather Locklear's Daughter Is Mirror Image Of 51-Year-Old Actress (PHOTOS) Clearly, the apple didn't fall far from the tree. Check out Heather Locklear and Ava Sambora walking the red carpet last
Coachella Style Tens of thousands of festival goers will descend upon Indio, California this weekend for the first of two weekends of events related to the Coachella Music Festival.
Galliano Outfit Banned From Israel's Eurovision Broadcast (UPDATED) If Mazor had chosen a Galliano dress, here's an idea of what she might get... UPDATE
Beyonce Tour Costume To Channel '90s Supermodel Glamazons (PHOTOS) We're not too surprised at the comparison of Bey to the likes of Linda Evangelista, Cindy Crawford and Christy Turlington
Whitney Port's Shorts Are A Little Too Short For Comfort (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
This Week's Worst-Dressed List Was Dominated By Carrie Underwood, Kelly Clarkson's Nude Stockings And More ACM Stars (PHOTOS) Check out those over-the-top looks, as well as more celebrities who made our week's worst-dressed list. Do you agree with
Separating Fact From Fiction Defined as a body mass index (BMI) of 30 or higher, obesity is an epidemic -- more than one-third of American adults are
Shape Wear My first time wearing shapers was a few years back at a bachelorette party--I was on the better side of 30 and a nightclub was on the docket. In an attempt to fit in with club style, I chose to wear a nude micro mini skirt.
Halle Berry's Baby Bump Tops Our Best-Dressed List This Week (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Alessandra Ambrosio, Victoria's Secret Angel, Can Totally Pull Off This Micro-Mini (PHOTO) In celebration of her 32nd birthday (we know, 32 has never looked so good), we are taking a look back at an old photo of
Kyla Rae, Pratt Institute Student, Shares Her Budget-Friendly Beauty Picks One of the best things about New York City is the many inspiring people you see on the streets everyday. For example, we
Claire Danes Goes From Angsty '90s Actress To Stylish Hollywood Mom (PHOTOS) Few young ladies have personified teenage angst as well as Angela Chase did in \My So-Called Life.\ Her flannels, boots and
North Korea's Female Soldiers March In High Heels (PHOTO) That's right, it appears they march in heels. What's more, the shoes seem to be slightly different styles. (None are military
Mad Men Costume Secrets In anticipation of the show's sixth season VF.com phoned Bryant earlier this week to discuss the many character transformations
What to Wear to an Interview Interviews are tough. That's it. Hands down. Follow these tips, though, and you're sure to ace the style portion of your interview. So stop stressing about what you'll wear and get to showcasing your talents!
Halle's Baby Bump Getting Fashionable Treatment In Sheer Top, Leather Pants (PHOTOS) We were all pretty surprised when Halle Berry, 46, announced that she was pregnant. We're even more surprised that Halle
Katy Perry Shows Bra Under Pretty Party Dress (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Hair Wars Showcases Wild Hairstyles For Detroit Show (PHOTOS) Hair Wars was started in 1985 by David Humphries, who goes by the moniker Hump the Grinder. The idea was to give local hair
Debenhams' Look Book Models Are A Diverse Surprise (PHOTOS) Debenhams just released its Spring 2013 look book, and it's quite different from the usual ones we see. Instead of sticking
6 Ways To Simplify Your Morning Beauty Routine (PHOTOS) What tricks do you use to simplify your beauty routine? Tell us in the comments section. Imagine this
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) GET READY, GET SET, BID!!! Which item is your favorite? Leave me a comment below to let me know and please take a minute
Mandy Moore Has A '90s Look To Remember  (PHOTO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Spring Perfume To Match Your Personal Style (PHOTOS) There's a fragrance for everybody.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) No time to page through thousands of eBay listings? Then just sneak a peek at my weekly eBay roundup of top vintage clothing
Cityzen By Azin Combines Satellite Imagery With Fashion (PHOTOS) Many artists and designers have looked to the night sky as inspiration. (Starry Night, anyone?) But Azin Valy is taking sky
Lessons From a Clothing Swap Women can get hung up on garment size and fit. But a clothing swap full of chatty, diverse, creative women can serve as a fantastic reminder that clothes should fit our bodies, not vice versa.
Spring Is in the Hair! Although some parts of the country are still experiencing the last grunt of winter chills, here in L.A. we are seeing more \colorful\ effects.
Valerie Trierweiler Pulls Cameraman To Get To President Hollande (VIDEO) So do her latest bold actions come as a shock? Not really, but we're still pretty impressed with her gall. Check out the
Life and Shoes If I see a pair of shoes I want, I may set aside a personal principle or two in order to have them. My life story and circumstances can be told by tracking the shoes that I've worn up until now.
Sheer Shirt, Neon Bra Is Elsa Pataky's Introductory Spring Outfit (PHOTO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Kate Middleton To Serve As Godmother Of Royal Princess Cruise At Naming Ceremony See Princess Diana christening her namesake Royal Princess cruise ship in 1984 below and tell us what you think of Kate's
Is The Best Shampoo Simply Baking Soda And Apple Cider Vinegar? (PHOTOS) I love the idea of a DIY shampoo that's chemical-free, but I can only imagine the resistance I'd get from my kids as I tried to woo them to the kitchen sink for their evening wash.
Marc Jacobs Turns 50 Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Maggie Gyllenhaal's Dress Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Gwyneth Paltrow & Demi Lovato Are Adorably Matching (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Kate Moss' Kiss With Sharon Stone Raises Major Bucks (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Karlie Kloss' Hair In Moda Operandi Ads Has Us Missing Her Old 'Do (PHOTOS) Karlie Kloss made headlines late last year when she cut her hair into a banged bob style we heralded as \The Next 'Rachel
Anna Wintour's eBay Auction Donations Come Straight From Vogue's Fashion Closet (PHOTOS) Now we're all for the fashion world doing its part, but we have to wonder
Day-To-Night Outfits Day-to-night dressing
Men's Bikini Wax Preference? NOT A Brazilian, Poll Finds Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Is Your Face Cleansing Brush Doing More Harm Than Good? Derms Address This Beauty Myth Derms address this beauty myth.
90s Fashion Trends That Made You Cool Back In The Day (PHOTOS) Bucket hats. Yes, this happened. JanSport backpacks. But they had to be JanSport. If you had any other brand, you may as
Fashion Variety on Northwestern University's Campus It's evident there's no one way to describe the trends and fashion tastes at Northwestern University in one word. As described and Christine displays, NU's student body is a collection of people from differing backgrounds and origins, who discover various sources of inspiration and influences.
Elle Fanning Style Evolution Proves Risk-Taking Is Appropriate At Any Age (PHOTOS) With that in mind, it's no surprise that Elle is good pals with (and a muse for) Rodarte and has modeled for Marc by Marc
Earth Day Style Recently, I had the opportunity to talk to Alex and Ani's Lifestyle Editor, Corporate Historian and co-author Cyd McKenna about fashion, the environment and how Alex and Ani's mission to impact fashion and so much more is a message we can all relate to on Earth Day and every day.
Monai McCullough, Housing Works Retail Associate, Removes Blackheads With Elmer's Glue Now this is what we call an extreme beauty treatment!
Margaret Thatcher's Style Remembered, From Suits To Handbags (PHOTOS) Take a look back at Baroness Margaret Thatcher's iconic fashion in the photos below. Thatcher's unwavering nature was reflected
Miranda Lambert's ACM Awards Dress Was A Very Risky Choice (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Roberto Cavalli Whoa there. The two colleagues do dress in opposing styles. For starters, we rarely see Lagerfeld without a white collared
ACM Awards 2013 Red Carpet It's hard to keep all the country music award shows straight (ACMs, CMTs, CMAs... the mind reels.) But the 2013 ACM Awards
Heidi Klum's Dress Might Just Be A Bit... Much (PHOTOS) There are short dresses... and then there are dresses so short they can barely be called dresses. Luckily Heidi was able
Halle Berry's Baby Bump Upstaged By Solange Knowles? (PHOTOS) More photos from the fabulous event
Vivienne Westwood Was Pushing Fashion Boundaries Since Day One (PHOTO) Take a look back at some of our other favorite vintage snaps
Scarlett Johansson's Sheer Dress Shows Undies Off On Magazine Cover (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Shauna Sand's Platform Heels Are The Scariest Beach Shoes Ever (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Diane Kruger She was practically born to do this.
Courtney Love's 5 Best Beauty Quotes From Her 'Into The Gloss' Interview (PHOTOS) Girl's got some expensive taste.
Nail Art Stickers The ugly
Woolmark Prize Nominees Have Us Reminiscing About Yves Saint Laurent & Karl Lagerfeld (PHOTO) The Woolmark Prize isn't nearly as coveted as, say, an Oscar or an Emmy. But the fashion award, given by The Woolmark Company
Prince Hisahito Heading To Elementary School Is Your Daily Dose Of Cute (PHOTOS) His Imperial Highness -- he's third in line to the Chrysanthemum Throne -- is sure to make plenty of friends in this get
Best & Worst Beauty Of The Week As the weather starts shifting from colder to warmer, so do the stars' beauty looks. This week, we saw more natural faces
Lena Dunham Kisses A Girl, Miranda Kerr Suns Herself And More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTO) She kissed a girl and she liked it... hope her boyfriend don't mind it.
9 Genius Style Lessons From 'Mad Men' (PHOTOS) At a time when Lululemon leggings can too often seem like evening wear (they're black, right?), \Mad Men\\u201a back this Sunday after a too-long absence\u201a is a reminder that clothing can matter, if we want it to.
Melissa McCarthy's High Heels Stumble On SNL Humbles Us All (VIDEO) When McCarthy stepped out to deliver her opening monologue, she spent several minutes playfully teetering around around the
Rumer Willis' Bikini Top And Sequin Skirt Have Us Confused (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Lilly Pulitzer Dead But changing taste brought trouble. Pulitzer closed her original company in the mid-1980s after filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy
Olivia Wilde Styles All-Black Power Suit For DVF Awards (PHOTOS) Similar one-piece looks
Christina Hendricks Talks Rejection, Ryan Gosling, Pencil Skirts For Flare Magazine (PHOTO) Christina, you could never disappoint us. Read the full story on Flare.com. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style
Demi Lovato's No Makeup Look, Mindy Kaling's TV Crush And More Tweets Of The Week Twitter was all over the place this week, from Demi Lovato sharing her makeup-free face with the world to Lena Dunham officiating
Betty Ford Style Evolution Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Kate Upton Holds Baby Animals For Carine Roitfeld's Bazaar Shoot (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Billie Holiday Style Evolution Born Eleanora Fagan in Philadelphia, the \Strange Fruit\ singer adopted her stage name from the actress Billie Dove and musician
Dates with the Drunk and Disorderly I know we all have our reasons to drink. But, I'd like to think you'd make attempts to stay sober when you'd trying to make a first impression.
Kurt Cobain Inspired Style Trends, Many Of Which We Saw At Saint Laurent (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Eve, Cory Kennedy, Sarah Ziff, Nicolette Mason and more discuss Body Image on StyleLikeU's latest Roundtable The old and new guard did a lot of hypocritical slinging at each other during this past fashion week, which felt to me like the pot calling the kettle black. If you are perpetuating the same cold and distant veneer, what is the diffference if you are of the print or blogger ilk?
Beyonce Click over to WWD.com to read more. Do you think Beyonce is a good choice to co-chair this year's Costume Institute Gala
Olivia Munn's Crop Top Has Officially Convinced Us To Try The Look (PHOTO, POLL) To attend Vogue's \Triple Threats\ dinner Thursday night, the actress wore a silky blue look that featured a cropped upper
Funny Fashion E-Cards On Uggs, Jeggings And More (PHOTOS) Whether you're distraught over the jeggings trend, tired of seeing girls pair Uggs with miniskirts or just fed up with people
Marilyn Monroe Shoes Brought Back To Life In New Footwear Line Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
The Week's Worst-Dressed List Includes Rita Ora In A Costume Of Sorts (PHOTOS) Model Chrissy Teigen took a rare style stumble in a sheer dress that showcased some serious underboob. To her credit, she
Kelly Osbourne Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Your Spring Trend Cheat-Sheet Spring has officially arrived. And another season means a new swath of sartorial trends being dictated by both the runways and the streets. Consider this your cheat sheet, a Cliff's Notes of sorts for how to best dive into spring's sartorial trends du jour.
Bette Davis Makes It Clear Why There Was A Song Written About Her Eyes (PHOTO) In celebration of her birthday (on April 5), we are taking a look back at a vintage photo of the star. In this 1934 snapshot
Classic Looks Remain Trendy at George Mason University The majority of students tend to crave fashion-forward pieces but are reminded of the key importance to wearing versatile and comfortable pieces that can transition from class to work to night out.
Prince William Gets Rejected By Little Girl In Princess Costume (VIDEO) Something tells us she wouldn't have done that if it was Prince Harry offering the smooch. \Oh, you want a kiss, do you?\ said
Olya Iudina, Hairstylist, And Her Secret To Beachy Waves The minute we spotted Olya Iudina's beachy waves, we knew we had to stop her and find out her beauty secrets. It came as
From America's Next Top Model to Green Advocate After receiving the title \Hippie Hannah\ from none other than the queen of America's Next Top Model, Tyra Banks, Hannah has embraced her nickname for what it represents. She passionately promotes global awareness and sustainable lifestyle practices through food, fitness and the arts.
Beyonce's Pepsi Commercial Brings Us Back To Britney Spears' (VIDEOS) So in case you're a little rusty on Britney's own Pepsi moment, we've decided to give ya'll a very timely fashion flashback
Heath Ledger And Heather Graham's Early Aughts Style (PHOTO) Australian actor Heath Ledger was slated to become one of the greatest performers of his time. With standout performances
7 Beauty Treatments For Bedtime To Ease Into A Good Night's Sleep (GIFS, PHOTOS) ...and wake up feeling and looking beautiful.
Chrissy Teigen Admits Sheer Dress Was A 'Don't' (PHOTOS, POLL) We do a fair amount of outfit-critiquing, assembling our \Worst-Dressed Stars\ lists each week with care and precision. But
Prince Harry's New Secretary Is A Public Relations Expert, Thankfully So what do you think of Harry's latest decision to hire a PR expert as his personal secretary? Think that'll calm his wild
Michelle Obama's Makeup Teaches Us All About The 3-Step Face (PHOTOS) Here are a few tips to get the 3-step face down
The Ten-Item Wardrobe (VIDEO) When I lived in Paris on a study abroad program, I arrived with two enormous suitcases, filled to the brim with clothes. When my French host mother, Madame Chic, showed me my closet for the next six months, I was taken aback. It was a tiny armoire with around ten hangers hanging inside.
Corey Lynn Calter Talks Fun Fashion, Meditation & 'Smoking Flowers' (PHOTOS) With your hectic schedule, how do you de-stress and relax? We did a spring collection and Nora Zehetner was the face of the
The Problem with BB Creams I stood back as several of the women asked her to repeat the name of the product while they furiously typed it into their phones. I had to put an end to this madness. \Um, did your BB Cream replace your other skincare steps?\ I couldn't let these ladies drink the BB Cream Kool-Aid.
Kim Kardashian's Bust-Baring Dress Looks Perfect For A Renaissance Faire (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Pippa Middleton's Spectator Blog Post Pokes Fun At Herself But as turns out, Pippa knows exactly what people think about her... and she's not so uptight that she can't skewer herself
Victoria Beckham Photoshop Disaster Gives Us A Warped View (PHOTOS) Photoshop Disasters reflected on the possible motivators for Posh Spice\u2019s facial restructuring
Princess A Suspect In Corruption Case Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Marc Jacobs Talks Psychotherapy, MySpace And Winona Ryder (PHOTOS) What are the lessons we can take away from \Disconnect\? How did you become involved in \Disconnect\? \I met the director
Mascara Application Tips To Prevent That Clumpy Look (PHOTOS) It's all in the wand!
Kendall Jenner & Kristen Stewart In Louis Vuitton So we're legally obligated to ask
Jessie Ware Brings Spring's Black And White Trend To Her Nails (PHOTOS) Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostBeauty
Obama A Sex Symbol? Michelle Thinks So (VIDEO) Diaz compares our sitting president to his predecessors Bill Clinton and JFK. But as HuffPost senior political economy reporter
Georgia May Jagger Leads Airplane Runway Show For PPQ, British Airways (PHOTOS) Georgia May Jagger took her famous stems above sea level for an inventive runway show on Wednesday. In honor British Airways
Jenna Lyons Shows Us How To Dress For The Freezing Spring-ish Weather (PHOTOS) Lyons' accessories really drove the point home. Her pastel clutch and shoes gave the look a touch of whimsy and complemented
Jennie Garth Style Jennie Garth is one of the biggest pop culture icons of the 1990s. The Illinois native got her start as a dancer and model
'Real Housewives' Wardrobe Malfunction Proves That Reality Exists Off-Screen (PHOTO) One of our favorite things about the ever-expanding cast of \Real Housewives\ is that they offer an uncensored view of all
Angelina Jolie School To Be Funded By Jewelry Line (PHOTOS) Which makes it one of our favorite celebrity collaborations yet. Read more about the collection at Reuters.com. But it seems
Ireland Baldwin's Fashion Show Appearance Proves She's The Real Deal (PHOTOS) Ireland even has some good models to look up to. When asked about what models inspire her at a premiere recently, she replied
Diane Kruger's Overalls Are All Grown Up (PHOTOS, POLL) OK, that's enough from us. What do you think? More of Diane's hits and misses
What It's Like to Be a Model I have always wondered about what it is like to be a model, is it as glamorous as I imagine? Do models really live on lettuce and vodka? Cecilia Singley's answers to my questions were quite enlightening...
Zac Posen Designs Gold Dress In Honor Of Magnum Ice Cream (PHOTOS) This isn't chocolate's first time at the fashion rodeo... But this one has SEA SALT CARAMEL. Winner. Want more? Be sure to
Marvin Gaye Clearly Knew 'What's Going On' In The Style Department (PHOTO) And we want to steal his entire look!
Emilia Clarke's Nude Dress On Jimmy Fallon Looks Gorgeous On Her (PHOTOS) Emilia Clarke has quickly risen through the ranks to become one of our favorite style stars to watch, so we definitely took
Festival Fashion I'm planning my trip to Coachella Music Festival right now -- and my dressing room could be a trailer from 1970's Woodstock. The floor is strewn with paisley prints, tasseled-scarves, Aztec-inspired woven clutches and wide-brim hats. So here are the items I've decided to pack.
Hayden Panettiere Tattoo Gaffe Is The Topic Of Conversation In Glamour (PHOTOS) Obviously, Ms. Panettiere is quite the trooper. Check out some shots from her Glamour shoot below and pick up the issue on
Courtney Love's Saint Laurent Ads Round Out The '90s-Heavy Campaign (PHOTOS) Take a look at Courtney's rock 'n' roll campaign for Saint Laurent below, and see the rest of the spokesmodels over at Dazed
Classic Looks Remain Trendy at George Mason University I would describe Mason fashion as classic chic with a hint of urban flare. Students walk around campus in typical east coast preppy attire but they make it their own by adding pieces that brighten the outfit and add texture.
Going From Blonde To Brunette? Avoid These 5 Common Hair Color Mistakes It isn't as simple as finding the right hue.
From Marrakech, Avec Amour... Fashion fiends, in particular Yves Saint Laurent devotees, will get a chance to lay their fervent hands on some sleek loot on April 8.
'Shazam For Clothing'? Street Style Will Never Be The Same Shazam, the app that identifies a song by listening to it, has become an essential app in our arsenal -- not only for the
The Bang Bar In London Is Latest In Niche Hair Salons Which star's bangs would you ask for? To be fair, bangs seem like a natural next step in the world of specialized salons
A Salute To Doris Day's Cheerfully Feminine Style On Her Birthday (PHOTOS) But Day's impeccably tailored suits, elegant evening gowns and pastel nightgowns make today's style seem so lackluster. And
Justin Timberlake As an entertainer, Justin Timberlake has learned from the past. He can cradle a mic stand like Elvis Presley, move like Michael Jackson and swoon like Sinatra.
JCPenney Jewelry Bar In The Works Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Vanessa Paradis, Brigitte Bardot And More French Style Icons We Can Learn From (PHOTOS) This story appears in Issue 44 of our weekly iPad magazine, Huffington, in the iTunes App store, available Friday, April
How to Get Inspired You know those days when you would rather just stay in bed? When my husband asked me if I wanted to go skiing this morning, I was still in my pajamas and to be honest, I wanted to just go back to bed. So how do we give ourselves permission to keep moving and get out of the house?
'Beverly Hills 90210' Style Lessons Courtesy Of Donna, Dylan And The Rest Of The Gang (PHOTOS) Anyone who was a teenager in the early '90s spent Wednesday nights glued to FOX awaiting the latest episodes of \Beverly
Calvin Klein Underwear Spring Release Round-Up (PHOTOS) Weather you plan on others sneaking a peek at your skivvies or keeping them under wraps, knowing these sunny styles are tucked underneath your trousers should help put an extra spring in your step (pun intended, of course).
Michelle Obama's Easter Egg Roll Pants Match The White House (PHOTO) Tell us
The Mysterious Enduring Appeal of Grace Patricia Kelly It all began during my teenage years. I was gawky, shy (something I shared with the teenaged Grace Kelly, I would later learn) and, being something of a loner, I spent my weekends watching old black and white movies screened on Saturday afternoon TV.
Jessica Alba's Family Easter Style Is Pastel-Perfect (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Rachel Bilson Talks Style For A Hot Date, Affirms What We All Know In Cosmopolitan (PHOTOS) These ladies followed Rachel's advice. What do you think of the look? The brunette covers May Cosmopolitan in a feathered
Cameron Russell, Model, Feels Guilty For Winning 'Genetic Lottery,' Still Models (VIDEO) One might wonder
Emma McQuiston Is Britain's First Black Marchioness (PHOTOS) So there you have it. Britain's very first black marchioness is smart, successful and stunning. Are you excited for her to
Best & Worst Beauty Of The Week We're happy to see celebrities experiment with fresh hair and makeup in this week's beauty roundup. Thandie Newton tried
Jessica Simpson Stops Wearing Heels During Second Pregnancy, Practices Walking In Flats (PHOTO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Kate Middleton Trademark For Official Charity Is A Great Idea Of course, the duchess would never go the Kardashian Kollection route. Instead, her charity, The Royal Foundation of the
Princess Beatrice, Princess Eugenie Look Lovely For Easter At Windsor Castle (PHOTOS) While Kate Middleton gets most of the attention across the pond, there are definitely other royal style stars. Case in point
Snooki Gives Kim Kardashian Advice For Giving Birth In Style (VIDEO) See how Kim's gone glam since getting pregnant
Kate Middleton Baby Shower Not Happening, Royal Experts Say According to Victoria Arbiter, ABC News Royal Expert, the Duchess of Cambridge will most likely eschew a big to-do because
Michelle Obama's Easter 2013 Outfit Is A Prabal Gurung Repeat (PHOTOS) See more of FLOTUS' style
Chrissy Teigen Likes 'Girls,' Miley Feels Positive, Michael Kors Style Tips & More Tweets Of The Week As is often the case, we learned lots of fun facts about our favorite funny people on Twitter this week. Chrissy Teigen pledged
Organizer Shara Koplowitz Or you'll go through a hall closet and find things that belong to five different members of the family. So it's identifying
Chop Chop! Thinking of undergoing a big cut? Make sure you're prepared both physically and emotionally.
Pastel Nail Polish I hear this all the time
Lady Gaga Without The Wigs And Makeup Is Throwing Us For A Loop (PHOTO) If anyone can claim cultural icon status, it's Lady Gaga. The singer/dancer/fashion designer/ is one of the biggest pop phenomenons
19 Easy Ways To Look Like a Chic European Today in particular, I am feeling very European. Maybe it's because I just drove 6 hours listening to my favorite French music. During my drive, I let the music take me home, and I thought about my godmother Dominique, an incredibly important figure in my life, and my style inspiration.
Urban Spring Fashion Style blogger Serena Goh of The Spicy Stiletto explains how to mix and match higher priced items with everyday pieces to create an urban, chic spring look that still utilizes her favorite fabric
Elle Macpherson Style Evolution Although the Aussie spent years strutting down the catwalk, she also dabbled in acting, reality television and design. (Macpherson
Spring Fever Spring is finally here, and with it comes an influx of color everywhere. To help navigate the transition from icy winter into a season that's all about blossoms and new growth, we asked celebrity makeup artist Jenn Streicher to weigh in on the products that get her ready to celebrate.
Karl Lagerfeld Talks Gay Marriage, Guns, Kim Kardashian & More (VIDEO) His take on Prop 8
The Man Behind the Edge of Tradition San Francisco, CA - The success of four men's grooming clubs in New York, Chicago, Toronto and Beverly Hills. Is just the tip of the iceberg for John Allen who recently partnered up with men's designer John Varvatos.
Closet Cleaning Tips We all know the feeling
La Marini\u00e8re, an Eternal Classic In the early 20th century, Coco Chanel saw fishermen on the beaches of France wearing striped shirts, and began to wear them herself. The shirt worked its way into the wardrobes of Parisian society, and a classic was born.
Louis Vuitton 'Prostitution Chic' Video Sparks Controversy (VIDEO) Inna Shevcenko, a member of the protest group Femen, told The Local
Prince William Losing Job? Helicopter Service Restructuring, Leaves More Time For Baby What's that looming on the horizon? A bird? A plane? A... stay-at-home dad? Sky News reported last week that Britain's helicopter
Secrets That Women Need to Know When Buying Shoes What's the biggest secret woman need to know about making their shoes comfortable for 2013?  Buying shoes with proper arch support is the most important thing that women should do.
Average Woman Keeps Same Makeup Style For 11 Years \[M]any American women haven\u2019t changed their makeup look at all in almost 11 years,\ he said. \That is a decade of sticking
Fergie Before The Black Eyed Peas (PHOTO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) This eclectic mix of designer and non-designer vintage clothing and accessories caught my discerning eye because of its uniqueness
Kate Gosselin's Style Evolution \My kids are the reason I have always done everything.\ That is a statement that Kate Gosselin has lived by every day since
The Best Style Moments From MTV's 'The Real World' (PHOTOS) As MTV launches yet another round of the iconic show tonight (28 and counting), we decided to look back at all the rad fashion
Passover Fashion As any Hebrew school student worth her (kosher) salt will tell you, the Passover holiday is all about celebrating freedom. Freedom of expression was the catchphrase when asking nine creatives in the realms of fashion, food and fine art to conjure up their own unique seder plate.
Diane Kruger's Onesie Proves That Adventurous Fashion Works On A Date (PHOTOS, POLL) See some stars who tried a similarly tricky look
Yoko Ono Sued By Brooklyn Designer Haleh Nematzadeh For Opening Ceremony Collection (PHOTOS) Click through the slideshow to see some more of Yoko Ono's collection
Leslie Mann Before She Married Judd Apatow (PHOTO) While we might not sport her hairdo today, the rest of the look could easily be translated into a great summer ensemble -- now
Mariah Carey Style Evolution Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. --- Do
Lip Primer Challenge Nothing is sexier than red lipstick (in our opinion). It can anchor your makeup look and transform an ordinary outfit into
My Crush on Charleston Fashion Week I will be perfectly honest, I have a new crush. In fact, it's more than a crush. I am head-over-heels in love with Charleston Fashion Week -- a premier event for this charming city's fashion flock. No, I did not mean to say New York, Paris, Milan or even Los Angeles.
Marion Cotillard's Bangs Remind Us Of Another Fashion-Forward Actress (PHOTOS) Rooney Mara, also a high-fashion darling (she often wears Givenchy on the red carpet), famously wore her dark hair in a blunt
Tory Burch Files Lawsuit Against Bluebell Accessories For Copying 'TT' Logo (PHOTOS) The wholesale accessories company may want to seek better counsel, as Burch is not likely to back down when it comes to protecting
The Ultimate Spring Beauty The name of the game in home beauty is the edited beauty product collection - carefully selected products specifically selected and limited to what you use and need.
Jenna Jameson's Jumpsuit Is A Sight To Behold (PHOTOS) But this weekend Jameson returned to form, you could say, in a more NSFW-ish outfit. The 38-year-old celebrated her upcoming
Pussy Riot Lingerie Spot Advertises Bras... And Balaclavas? (VIDEO) In 2012, band members Nadezhda Tolokonnikova and Maria Alekhina were sentenced to two years in one of Russia's most severe
David Beckham Tattoo Unveiled In China (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Minnie Mouse Makeover Unveiled At Disneyland Paris (PHOTOS) Disney stirred up controversy last August when it partnered with Barneys to give Minnie Mouse and other classic Disney characters
Mark Badgley, James Mischka Married In New York City Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Danielle Powell, HuffPost Community Editor, Shares Her Secret To Flawless Skin Photo/Art
Easter Nail Art PHOTO
Aretha Franklin Photo Reveals The Singer Wore Crop Tops Back In The Day (PHOTO) And we have nothing but 'respect' for her.
Diana Ross Style Evolution Flip through our many other Style Evolutions here. When Ross broke out of the group as a solo artist and budding actress
7 Style Lessons Courtesy Of Kim Kardashian And The Worst-Dressed List (PHOTOS) But despite a wardrobe full of designer duds (courtesy of Kanye), Kim continues to land on our worst-dressed list. 4. Poor
Kate Middleton Impersonator Buys A Baby Bump Check out pics of Kate's best impersonator. Think she bears a close resemblance to the royal? Agan has been impersonating
Royal Baby Woah!
Celebrity Off-Duty Style When celebrities hit the red carpet, it's impossible to get a good reading on their personal style. With teams of people
Best & Worst Beauty Of The Week We learned some valuable lessons from Lindsay Lohan's court appearance this week. Not only about the consequences of evading
Rachel Zoe Loves Kisses And Chanel, Harper Beckham's Marc Jacobs Boots & More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS) Now we're hoping for rain!
Princess Charlene Wears Biker Jacket To Rose Ball With Other Stylish Nobles (PHOTOS) See more of Princess Charlene's style! The annual charity ball is definitely one of Monaco's top evenings for the style set
Katy Perry's Bra Top At Kids' Choice Awards Shows John Mayer What He's Missing (PHOTOS) For the Nickelodeon award show, Katy opted for a sleek bra top and skirt by Herv\u00e9 L\u00e9ger by Max Azria -- talk about a head
Wardrobe Malfunctions And other near wardrobe malfunctions.
Ellen DeGeneres And Portia De Rossi Could Be The Cutest Couple Ever (PHOTOS) So, what do you think, Ellen and Portia for best-dressed couple of 2013? Although their attire couldn't have been more different
Amanda Bynes On Drake, Man Repeller On A Plane And More Tweets Of The Week And more of our favorite tweets of the week.
William Shatner Before He Was Captain Kirk On 'Star Trek' (PHOTO) Hint
Pippa Middleton, Agent Part Ways Poor Pips!
Kate Middleton's Hat Was A Snowy Surprise (PHOTOS, POLL) Are you a fan?
Jimmy Fallon's Makeup Skills Tested By Drew Barrymore In Game Of 'Russian Rouge-ette' (VIDEO) Things get pretty messy.
Fishtail Braid Video Teaches This Beauty Novice (VIDEO) A beauty novice tested out the trend.
Miley's Jumpsuits Come In Striped & Unicorn Varieties (PHOTOS) Well, this is new.
Joan Crawford's Style Evolution Secrets from the silver screen legend.
Miranda Kerr 'Breaks Up' With David Jones, Replaced By Jessica Gomes & Montana Cox Read more at JustJared.com. Grab the chick flicks and Ben & Jerry's, guys
Kardashian Tanning Line, Sun Kissed, Is Latest Family Venture As critical as we tend to be about extraneous celebrity product lines, this project might actually make sense for Kim, Kourtney
Justin Timberlake's Hair Why his curls disappeared.
H&M Model Collection Inspired By Joan Smalls, Daphne Groeneveld & More (PHOTOS) Um, OK. For those of us whose leggy limbs haven't been immortalized in print, we can turn to H&M's updated classics, like
10 Best-Dressed TV Characters By Julie Miller, Vanity Fair Inspired by the magazine's first-ever Best-Dressed Challenge--in which stylish members of the
Vera Wang's Store Policy In China Charges Customers Try-On Fee In a story titled \Does my wallet look big in this?\, the Global Times reports that Wang's Shanghai store is charging a fee
Celebrities Without Makeup Prove That Stars Are Kinda Just Like Us (PHOTOS) We totally understand why celebrities go without makeup. The truth of the matter is that if we aren't headed to the office
Ancient Roman Hair Discovery Made By Hair Archaeologist Janet Stephens We can't stop watching this YouTube channel.
Sarah Jessica Parker Style Evolution But it wasn't just \Sex and the City\ and the magical styling provided by legendary costume designer Patricia Field that
French Women Look Younger Than British Women? According to the findings, French women begin using anti-aging products earlier than Brits
Seraphina Affleck's Haircut Is Definitely Going To Make Suri Cruise Jealous (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Reese Witherspoon Style Evolution To celebrate Reese's 37th birthday, we looked back at her finest fashion moments since her '90s debut. Unafraid of bold florals
Catherine Malandrino For Kohl's Is Latest Designer Collaboration Read more at WWD.com. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram
Does Demi Lovato's Style Need Help? Topshop CEO Thinks So Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Martha Stewart's Beauty Secrets The homemaking goddess spills her best beauty secrets.
Carrie Underwood's Silver Leggings Top This Week's Worst-Dressed List (PHOTOS) Check out those over-the-top looks, as well as more celebrities who made our week's worst-dressed list. Are we being too
Bo Obama's Bunny Ears Were A No-Show At Easter Event (PHOTOS) Last Easter, Bo impressed us with his seasonally-appropriate rabbit ears in the White House Easter Egg Roll promo video and
Coco Rocha Singing In Cavalli Short Film Is Pretty Impressive (VIDEO) WATCH
Philip Treacy Kids' Hats Would Be Perfect For Suri, Harper & Other Celeb Kids (PHOTOS) According to Vogue UK, the hats will be created with the Sensatori Resort in Turkey in mind -- visitors to the resort will
Last Episode Of The Mary Tyler Moore Show Featured Fab Jumpsuit (PHOTO) Getty Images/CBS Photo Archive/Contributor 36 years ago today (on Mar.19), \The Mary Tyler Moore Show\ ended its seven year
Gwyneth Paltrow's Self Cover Doesn't Exactly Look Like... Herself (PHOTOS, POLL) We're big Gwyneth Paltrow fans, so we absolutely hate when the actress' image is changed from its natural state of gorgeousness
3 Skincare Crimes I Know You're Guilty of Committing Remember when your mother used to say you're only hurting yourself? That's right. Committing these skincare crimes is just making things worse for your skin. Our poor skin doesn't need a magical elixir or potion; it just needs a little TLC and SPF.
Thank-You Notes Thank-you notes show that you are respectful, they make you look good, and they are absolutely necessary!
Googling Your Dates -- Can It Backfire? At the end of the digital day, you don't really don't know your date; you just think you do.
Shop Glocal! As the fashion world gets smaller, demand for small batch, locally sourced collections is on the rise.
How Mineral Makeup Can Give You A Flawless Complexion (VIDEO) For starters, it offers the best of both beauty worlds.
14 Shopping Problems That Totally Stress Us Out (GIFS) When you can't find a sales associate and you're stuck running to find another size, half-dressed. No cell service. How are
Lisa Rinna Lip Trouble Is The Topic Of Conversation On 'Today' (VIDEO) While sitting in for Kathie Lee Gifford on \Today\ on Monday, Lisa was taken by surprise when co-host Hoda Kotb interrupted
Katie Holmes' Allure Shoot Is Topless, Wet (PHOTOS) So does Katie. Check out the actress and Bobbi Brown campaign girl in her new Allure shoot (and see more photos at Allure.com
Mascara Tip That 'Game Of Thrones' Actress Emilia Clarke Taught Us (PHOTO) We've stuck to the beauty rule of only using mascara on our top eyelashes after getting scolded by makeup artists for going
Selena Gomez Visits David Letterman In A Very Leggy Dress (PHOTOS) Justin Bieber's ex-girlfriend (that's what she is these days, right?) stepped out in New York City wearing a short, sequined
'The Face' Is Coming To The UK Courtesy Of Naomi Campbell That's right, Naomi Campbell is bringing her modeling reality series across the pond, complete with a new set of judges and
Cathrine Wallenius Abramowski, Journalist, Reminds Us Of Coconut Oil's Awesome Benefits One of the best things about New York is the people you may run into at any given moment. For instance, we just met Cathrine
Kim Kardashian's Sheer Shirt Exposes Her Bra At LAX (PHOTO) Kim Kardashian's underwear styling never ceases to amaze us. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook
Sofia Vergara's Vogue Interview Actually Includes Things We Didn't Already Know (PHOTO) 1. Sofia is unapologetic about the size of her engagement ring. \I love it,\ she tells the mag, \because it\u2019s big enough
Miranda Kerr Covers Vogue Australia Looking Gorgeous, Surprises No One (PHOTO) Miranda Kerr covers the April 2013 issue of Australian Vogue looking flawless. The supermodel, who recently sustained neck
Bradley Cooper Sports Pink Rollers On Movie Set (PHOTO) We wonder how many hours this took.
Glenn Close Style Evolution We will forever remember Close as the brilliantly intense Alex Forrest in \Fatal Attraction.\ The curly-haired blonde had
Sophie, Countess of Wessex, Becomes Patron Of London College Of Fashion See more royals with a passion for fashion
Lindsay Lohan's Sheer Pants At Court Appearance Are A Strange Look (PHOTOS) And since so much of our attention is focused on the style world, we feel like it's our duty to give the actress some pointers
Belly-Button Rings Are Not OK... To Us, At Least (PHOTOS) When the first thing to pop up in our Google search for \belly-button rings\ is Spencer's, well, that's really all that needs to be said.
Sideboob, Nip Slips And 5 Other Wardrobe Malfunctions That Are Easy To Avoid (NSFW PHOTOS) Britney, are you reading this?
Prince Charles' Sunglasses Are The Coolest Things He Owns (PHOTOS) More royals in sunnies
Bar Refaeli's Israel Ad Reignites IDF Military Service Controversy A new pro-Israel ad has sparked controversy, not for its subject matter but for its star
Prince Harry Spotted On 'Date' With Cressida Bonas (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
5 Aussies Blowing My Mind In the last year or so I've increasingly been influenced by Australian style blogs. It started with one, and a few recommendations later I'm officially obsessed with Australian style.
We Pulled A Beyonce, Sarah Jessica Parker's Lookalike & More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS) This week at HuffPost Style, we slipped into our fleece parkas for (hopefully) the last time and tried to think about spring
Best & Worst Beauty Of The Week Smell that? Change is in the air. As we make room in our closets for spring clothing, it's time to warm up our beauty routines
Miley Cyrus Tattoo Provides Window Into Her Love Life, Possible Split (PHOTO) See more celebrity ink
Kate Middleton Gets Heel Stuck In Grate During St Patrick's Day Parade (PHOTOS) Naturally, much of the attention focused on Kate's growing baby bump, which was just barely visible under her pre-pregnancy
Wardrobe Malfunctions We scouted this week's premiere party circuit for potential wardrobe malfunctions, and came up with some pretty risky results
Kim Kardashian Chooses Sandals Over Stilettos For Lunch Date (PHOTOS) ...and she still looks stunning.
Diane Kruger Sizzles In Red Leather Skirt (PHOTOS) We're taking serious style notes.
Princess Diana's Dresses Up For Auction The glamorous lot of gowns are all made by British designers, including Lady Di's favorite Catherine Walker, Bruce Oldfield
Women In Shorts (Maybe) Cause Car Crash In 1937 (PHOTO) See more vintage photos
Rachel Zoe Oh, really.
11 Makeup Counter Dilemmas That Drive Us Bananas (GIFS) \Ain't nobody got time for that!\
How to Stop Overachieving I want to talk to you about overachieving today. Enough is enough! It's time to stop overachieving and start evolving.
Melissa Murphy, Porn Star Makeup Artist, Bares Her Beauty Secrets (PHOTOS) Why nudes -- as in makeup colors -- are the way to go.
Eva Longoria Style Evolution Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. --- Do
Why Celebrity Kids' Style Is So Much Cooler Than Their Parents' (PHOTOS) 3. Their hair is amazing. It has yet to be damaged with color or manipulated, and chances are, those sun-streaks are totally
Big Breaks For Blowjobs Ashleigh Blake never dreamed of becoming a beauty queen. The 21-year-old amateur model and part-time tutor fantasized about
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) GET READY, GET SET, BID!!! Which item is your favorite? Leave me a comment below to let me know and please take a minute
Depotting It's time to get it popping, ladies!
The Beatles Getty Images/V&A Images/Contributor Photos courtesy of Robert Whitaker on behalf of LIFE Books Want more? Be sure to check
Tightlining Eyeliner How-To Instead of lining above the lashes (the way you would apply liquid liner), work the product underneath into the water line
Taylor Swift Magazine Covers Not Selling Strongly On Newsstands So does Swift's newsstand success mirror her love life -- flashy new developments at every turn that flop just as quickly
Halle Berry's Cleavage Proves Distracting For Jay Leno (PHOTOS, VIDEO) For her appearance on \The Tonight Show With Jay Leno\ last night, the 46-year-old donned a skimpy Reem Acra LBD with silver
Barbara Feldon, 'Get Smart' Actress, And Her Enviable Hair (PHOTO) Yet, this lady had much more than beauty. She had brains, too. Feldon won the title prize on the game show \The $64,000 Question
Cartier Ticked At 'Cuntier' Hats, Tells Parsons Student Fahad To Knock It Off Cartier has ordered a Parsons design student to cease sales of his \Cuntier\ hats spoofing the jewelry brand, the Daily Beast
Bobbi Brown, Allure Magazine And More To Follow On Pinterest This Week (PHOTOS) This week on Hot On Pinterest, we found five beauty accounts that will have you pinning away the winter blues. We're in love
So These Are Unexpected Hair Trends... We already showed you our favorite hair trends from New York fashion week, but what about the other three major fashion cities
Woah, Check Out These Well-Dressed Men Okay, so we're not taking on the monumental task of chronicling the globe's best dressed guys today, but, at least when it
Celebs Who Love A Bargain Selena Gomez, Jessica Alba, Alessandra Ambr\u00f3sio and these other celebs apparently love a style steal. Read more on Peoplestylewatch.com
'Food' Beauty Products That Aren't So Appetizing (PHOTOS) Must... resist... the urge... to hurl.
Tom Ford \I didn't have a child because I wanted to hand him off to somebody.\
Is Ashley Olsen's Wet Hair A Fashion Faux Pas? (PHOTOS, POLL) On the other hand, sister Mary-Kate sported a more Hollywood-level coiffe during the same outing -- even though she knows
Selena Gomez Promotes 'Spring Breakers' In Gorgeous Dress, Blows Us Away (PHOTOS) This time, the Texas-born former Disney star hit the red carpet in a seafoam cutout dress from New York-based design duo
Queen Rania Looks Lovely... But Have We Seen That Dress On Another Royal? (PHOTOS) By the looks of it, it is... but there's no good way to tell if Queen Rania also boldly bared her undergarments in the low
Karl Lagerfeld To Pippa Middleton First it was Adele. Now it's Pippa Middleton. A few months after Karl Lagerfeld, the headmaster of Chanel, dissed Adele -- saying
St. Patrick's Day Clothes For Under $50 (PHOTOS) St. Patrick's Day is less than a week away. That means in a few days the streets are going to be filled with hordes of drunk
Kate Bock Is Sports Illustrated Rookie Of The Year 2013 (VIDEO, PHOTOS) Check out SportsIllustrated.com footage of Bock on her 2013 Sports Illustrated swimsuit shoot. Kate Bock has been named Sports
Ashley Benson Debuts Brown Hair On Red Carpet (PHOTOS) We're not sure where Ashley Benson falls, but the \Spring Breakers\ star decided to ditch her blonde strands and go dark
Sam Branson, Isabella Calthorpe Wedding Features Royal Guests & A Monique Lhuillier Dress (PHOTO) But we digress. The wildlife-themed nuptials featured the 33-year-old bride in a lace Monique Lhullier confection and lots
Google Image Search It started off as an inbound phone call to my cell phone. Even though the caller ID listed the call as \private,\ I answered the phone since I was waiting for a return call from someone I had just spoken with.
Women's New Power Suits Are One Way To Lean In (PHOTOS) Ann Taylor blazer, Ann Taylor pants, Ann Taylor shirt, J. Crew pumps One way to lean in is by ditching that boring black
Selena Gomez Shows Off Her Belly In Trendy Spring Dress (PHOTOS) What do you think of Selena's style? Selena Gomez hit the red carpet on Sunday at the SXSW Music, Film + Interactive Festival
Janet Jackson Before She Made Millions (PHOTO) Hint
Swedish Princess Dies See some photos of Princess Lilian of Sweden and take a look at the style legacy she left to her great nieces in the slideshow
Alexander Wang Fall 2013 Nails Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostBeauty
Kate Moss Covers W Magazine, New Nike Dunks & More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS) This week at HuffPost Style, we were all excitedly gearing up for warmer weather -- until the snow returned. One of our editors
Ireland Baldwin's Modeling Career Kicks Off With Agency Signings (Via Us Weekly) We didn't exactly see this one coming, seeing as Ireland's previous claim to fame was getting caught in the
Elle Macpherson Engaged? Supermodel Back With Jeff Soffer, Source Says One source says \yes,\ although there's been no official confirmation from the supermodel or her reps. Access Hollywood reports
Best & Worst Beauty Of The Week At long last, fashion month has come to an end. Paris Fashion Week brought the runway shows to a tr\u00e8s chic close, and all
Anna Kendrick's Shorts Are Super Short... But Are They Chic? (PHOTOS, POLL) Check out Anna's outfit and tell us what you think. More seasonally-appropriate shorts
Katherine Hooker Talks Kate Middleton & Dressing Celebrities (PHOTOS) So there you have it, folks
The New Celebrity Makeup Uniform That's Perfect for Real Life call this makeup \You Only Better Makeup,\ and whether you're heading to your own red carpet event or the closest you're getting to a carpet is the one in your living room, this is makeup you can wear and love and feel great in.
Possible Reasons Why Miley Cyrus Took Off Her Engagement Ring (PHOTOS) More likely is the chance that Miley took her engagement ring to be cleaned, especially if the wedding is on the horizon
Jennifer Aniston Wedding Dress Designer Is Speculated To Be... Check out Jennifer Aniston's best style moments here
Tyra On Sofia, Miley On New Music And More Tweets Of The Week Our fashion friends had lots to say about themselves this week. And, in some cases, about each other. Tyra performed her
Wardrobe Malfunctions This week in almost malfunctions, it was all about the ladies' lower halves. Angelegging made a comeback thanks to Rihanna's
'Oz Highlighter in all the right places can brighten up even the palest complexions. Want more HuffPost Style beauty content
Rihanna's Bizarre Outfit And More Stars On This Week's Worst-Dressed List (PHOTOS) Paris Fashion Week is known for fashion-forward styles coming down the catwalk. Oftentimes the editors who attend the shows
Why Color Trends Are the Easiest to Wear You should consider heeding color trends because they are the most universally appealing and the easiest to wear. Here's why.
Mila Kunis Is Awesome, Tops Our Best-Dressed List This Week (PHOTOS) What's black and white and chic all over? This week's best-dressed list. Some of our favorite style-setters attended Paris
Harvey Nichols 'Lesbian Kiss' Ads Receive Complaints, Avoid Ban (PHOTOS) Read the full report at ASA.org.uk and take a look at the ads below. We barely raised an eyebrow when Harvey Nichols released
Pippa Middleton's No-Makeup Look Is A Pleasant Surprise (PHOTOS) Royals, they're just like us!
Britney Spears Goes Brunette Deep thoughts...
Runway Trends to Toss and Keep Ninety-nine-point-nine percent of the population has not spent a second watching or reading or thinking about the various Fashion Weeks. Yet 100 percent will be influenced by \Fashion Month\ for months to come as key trends are copied and adapted and sewn and distributed to a department store near you.
Freddie Prinze, Jr. Is Still Our Favorite '90s Heartthrob (PHOTO) If you didn't fall in love with him in \She's All That\ there is nothing we can do for you.
Nicole Scherzinger's Cornrows Might Be Another Style Regret (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Sharon Stone Style Evolution Since then, Stone's trajectory has been uneven, including a sequel to \Basic Instinct\ and indie roles in films like \Broken
Charlize Theron Jeans Line On The Way? The latest line might be coming to us from Charlize Theron, who is reportedly working with her stylist on a line of jeans
Sarah Jessica Parker Is Done With High Heels... Unless They're Really, Really Nice Relive Sarah Jessica Parker's footwear -- and clothing -- history
Kate Moss Playboy Cover Shoot Happening This Month, Sources Say Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Kim Kardashian Says She Dresses For Kanye West More Than For Herself Read more at Us Weekly. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram
Roland Mouret Collaboration With Couture Lab Is Crazy-Expensive (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Glamour Magazine's First Issue Featured Ann Sheridan As The Cover Girl (PHOTO) Their first-ever cover girl, Ms. Sheridan, was a big icon of the 1930s. With a star on Hollywood's Walk of Fame and roles
Vivienne Westwood Slams Michelle Obama's Style In The New York Times What a famous designer said about her style.
15 Nail Salon Nightmares... And How To Avoid Them (GIFS) \Why are you talking to me?\
8 Ways Your Clothes Could Be Dangerous To Your Health (PHOTOS) Talk about getting on our nerves.
Celebrity Collector Sue Wong has been inspiring fashionistas for years. Recently I began noticing her Facebook posts focusing on an array of painters and furniture designers from the last 50+ years and it got me thinking she might have an interest in antiques that goes beyond her posts.
Margherita Missoni Pregnant With First Child With Husband Eugenio Amos The Missoni family is sure in need of some good news, too. Vittorio Missoni, Margherita's uncle, went missing along with
Mariah Carey's 'Dreams' Fragrance Brings The Star's Perfume Tally To 12 (PHOTOS) There's not enough space on our dresser.
Brooklyn Decker TV Pilot Will Co-Star James Van Der Beek Need a refresher on Brooklyn Decker? Read more at Deadline.com. For what it's worth, she's also hilarious and has no filter
Meredith Ballentine, Bootleg Market Director, Swears By Lip Pencils For Good Reason Photo/Art
Model Kate Moss Walks Louis Vuitton RTW Fall 2013 Golden girl model Kate Moss wowed in her usual chic way as she walked the Louis Vuitton Ready-To-Wear Fall Collection 2013 fashion show. Moss continues to give us a close look at her ability to inspire while wearing all things gorgeous. Yes, absolutely Louis Vuitton gorgeous.
Who Needs Fashion When You Really Need Sleep? It is the end of Paris Fashion Week and I am fashion weak. The fashion diehards are sacrificing personal relationships, normal schedules and above all... sleep.
Kate Moss Walks Louis Vuitton Show In Sheer Dress, Dark Wig (PHOTOS) Kate Moss is not such a runway regular these days, so it's always a pleasant surprise when the supermodel decides to grace
Brandi Cyrus, Miley's Older Sister, Models For Rad + Refined (PHOTOS) Get to know the rest of the Cyrus gang... Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest
Rachel Weisz Style Evolution We've long been fans of Rachel Weisz' style, and we have a feeling it has to do with the confidence she exudes. She always
Kate Middleton Baby Girl? Pregnant Royal Reportedly Hints At Sex Of Child (UPDATED) But in this day of social media and verbal gaffes heard 'round the world, we doubt the royal couple will make it to July
'Hunger Games' Fashion Gets A Serious Boost With Alexander McQueen (PHOTOS) Check out the photos below. Does all this high fashion goodness make you any more likely to see the second \Hunger Games
Karolina Kurkova's Dress Takes Boob Window To New... Lows (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Carrie Fisher's Princess Leia Bikini Inspired Many Pop Culture Copycats (PHOTOS, VIDEOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Selena Gomez Of course, Selena put on her high-fashion brave face for the subscriber cover, sporting a minimalist dress and bustier by
Tina Fey Swimsuit Photo Was 'Nightmare' (PHOTO) Fey looks fabulous, but we can relate to her fears. Stripping down to swimwear in the middle of the winter is anxiety-inducing
'Fire Facial' Treatment, AKA Hu\u01d2 Li\u00e1o, Claims To Fight Wrinkles By Setting Face On Fire (VIDEO) Big in China.
Naomi Watts' Louis Vuitton Minidress Isn't Fit For The Front Row (PHOTOS) The short hemline forced Ms. Watts to keep her hands firmly clasped between her legs the moment she took her front row seat
Kourtney Kardashian's Bangs While Kourtney isn't the first Kardashian sister to add bangs to her look (remember when Kim fooled us with clip-on bangs
What Your Shoes Are Doing To Your Feet Never has the phrase \beauty is pain\ been more true than after a day in a pair of to-die-for shoes that leave you rubbing
Fashion Rules, According To Style Editors We're not exactly sure how it happens (is a memo sent out or something?) but each season there's always a few key pieces
The Best Nails From Paris Fashion Week The nails from the Paris Fashion Week runways are already proving to be the most artistic (and accessible) of all. Read more
Is Your Makeup Aging You? 5 Common Beauty Missteps That Make You Look Older Than You Are (VIDEO) Lip liner
Kate Middleton's Grimsby Visit Features Her Trusty Brown Hobbs Coat (PHOTOS) The same could be said about returning to an outfit you once wore -- in this case, Kate Middleton's brown Hobbs coat. Last
The Legacy of Fashion... From the Tents of Lincoln Center While Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week in New York City may not seem monumental to some, it is the golden fashion child to the rest of the world. It has inspired the masses to believe in the simple fusion of art and creation. And it has allowed American fashion to be viewed as a viable business.
Samantha Cameron's Red Nose Day Wig Makes Her Look Adorable, Delightful (PHOTOS) Our first lady may be an awesome dancer, but across the pond, Samantha Cameron is proving to be quite the charmer herself
No Pants For A Year Considering not wearing pants? Read this first.
Rihanna's Jeans Are A Confusing Optical Illusion (PHOTOS) Seeing double is right -- at first glance, we thought Rihanna's pants were literally falling down. But a savvy optical illusion
Yellowing Nails? It Could Be Your Nail Polish's Fault Do you suffer from yellowing nails? What have you tried to return your fingernails to a healthy hue? Tell us in the comments
Instagram Struts Down the Runway (PHOTOS) Paris Fashion Week is in its final leg, with shows concluding tomorrow. Weeks before the big fashion magazines hit the stands, Instagram photos have already captured the trends.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) No time to page through thousands of eBay listings? Then just sneak a peek at my weekly eBay roundup of top vintage clothing finds.
Mila Kunis & More Style Stars We Want To Grab A Beer With (PHOTOS) 7. Emma Stone Can you say karaoke buddy? 9. Cara Delevingne She doesn't take herself too seriously. Want more? Be sure to
Tinted Lip Balm Challenge While most women have incorporated some form of exfoliating into their beauty routine that allows for a flawless lip color
Best/Worst Brands Want to see the best in interior design? Go to ICFF in New York. How about art? One click and you are going to Basel. Fashion? Well, sorry, you can't come to Fashion Week -- even if you are a fashion insider. It's invitation only.
Lady Gaga, Tyra Banks And More Stars' Body Image Quotes That Inspire Us To Stop The Self-Hatred (PHOTOS) Let's be real. We spend a lot of time critiquing ourselves and other women (read
Kate Upton's Lookalike, Ania, Is A Total Doppelganger (PHOTOS) The real thing
9 Things You Should Know For National Lipstick Day Society has a long-running love/hate relationship with lipstick, and vacillating perceptions of the women (and men) who wear
An Unadulterated Guide for Women and Whiskey While some high-end specialty bottles will set you back big time, you should be able to score your very own whiskey bottle that you'd be oh, so proud to show off --\u00a0now that you know what you're buying! On tough nights, it's what women reach for.
Laura Galvan, Style Blogger, Spent Less Than A Dollar On This Amazing Lipstick Even a slice of pizza will set you back more than that.
Learning to Blend Perfume -- A Class With Sarah Horowitz When you're really passionate about wine, there's nothing better than getting an opportunity to visit one of your favorite wineries, meet the winemaker and then have a blending session led by that winemaker.
Martha Stewart's Chic Courtroom Style (PHOTO) You can always look fashionable, not matter the circumstance.
Wear White Immediately -- We'll Show You How (PHOTOS) The old adage that wearing white before Memorial Day is declass\u00e9 has gone the way of the dinosaur. There's no reason that
Eva Mendes' Style Evolution And we couldn't be more jealous.
V-Shaped Nail Art \The V-shape has achieved new-found popularity this season because it affords more diversity than the half-moon design,\ Jin
Kim Kardashian, Kanye West & Jessica Chastain Pack Givenchy Front Row At Paris Fashion Week (PHOTOS) Kim Kardashian, Kanye West, Jessica Chastain and Amanda Seyfried were among those in attendance at the fashion house's fall
Shiseido Ends Animal Testing Ahead Of EU Ban Israel already enforced a similar ban in January 2013. But there is one country that is currently running the other direction
Jessica Alba Attends Fashion Week In Robe-Like Coat At Kenzo Show (PHOTOS) While we're accustomed to seeing the mother attend fashion week in more curve-hugging ensembles (see
Rihanna Steps Out In Sweatpants, Reminds Us Why The Terry Cloth Leisure Look Isn't OK (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Mary-Kate Olsen's Ring From Olivier Sarkozy? (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Pregnant Kate Middleton Enjoys Swiss Alps With Prince William, Prince Harry (PHOTOS) And glam at the wedding... Kate Middleton's had quite a nice little weekend in the Swiss Alps. First, she throws on her finest
Marc Jacobs' 'Disconnect' Trailer Reminds Us His Movie Career Is Still Happening (VIDEO) But Jacobs does get the final, ominous words of the clip
Jennifer Lawrence Cupcakes, Miranda Kerr's Dog And More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS) Check 'em out!
Kate Middleton Attends Wedding While Nearly Five Months Pregnant (PHOTOS) Check out the photos of the Kate Middleton, Prince William and Prince Harry attending the wedding below and see more here
Nicki Minaj Fires Stylist, Hairdresser & Makeup Artist To Be Taken 'Seriously' Do you like Nicki Minaj's look? Turns out, the artist herself isn't even a fan. \u201cShe\u2019s fired her long-standing hairdresser
Kim Kardashian To Fashion Week? Star Arrives In Paris In Bizarre Outfit (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Best & Worst Beauty Of The Week What would Oscar night be without some surprises? This year, the big trend was the updo
Tyra Works Out In Bed, Thoughts On Paris Fashion Week And More Tweets Of The Week Oh boy!
Rodarte Sisters Give Advice On Fashion Design, Following Your Own Path And More (VIDEO) Listen up!
Miley Cyrus Steps Out With Blue-Tinged Hair (PHOTOS) Lately, there is little that shocks us when it comes to Miley Cyrus. So yesterday, when the 20-year-old actress stepped out
Wardrobe Malfunctions The Oscars red carpet is just about the last place in the world you'd want to have a wardrobe malfunction. But Brandi Glanville
Jessica Biel, Justin Timberlake Make New York City Their Runway (PHOTOS) Could this couple BE more perfect?
Spring Fashion That HuffPost Style Editors Are Lusting After (PHOTOS) Hide your cash, hide your credit cards, we've come up with the ultimate spring wish list.
Le No Makeup Look Spring is just around the corner. Time to break out our breezy dresses, light-as-a-feather scarves and pretty sandals. It's also time to re-evaluate our makeup routine. The days of winter where we needed thicker foundation and dark, smoky eyes are behind us. It's time for fresh-faced beauty.
Heidi Klum's Breasts Top Our Worst-Dressed List This Week (PHOTOS) This weeks' worst-dressed list is dominated by the most unexpected denizens of the bad outfit world
Christian Dior Fall 2013 Show Features Peculiar High Heels (PHOTOS) Could you walk in these bad boys?
Cara Delevingne Lands Burberry BODY Tender Fragrance Campaign (VIDEO, PHOTO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Beauty in Simplicity (Video) With each collection, my creative process balances the minimal mold and the strong woman simultaneously. This is why I am so drawn to a neutral color palette-- I love the way earth tones come to life when worn by a woman whose confidence shines from the inside.
Tina Fey Hits Up 'Jimmy Fallon' In Glam Rachel Roy Dress (PHOTOS) Fey joined her old \SNL\ colleague on set wearing a strapless navy Rachel Roy dress with a deep v-neckline -- like, really
Miranda Kerr Talks Skin Care, Baby Flynn & The Importance Of Underwear (VIDEO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
The Best (Almost) Spring Nail Polish Shade Is Deep Coral (PHOTOS) Do you have a beauty story idea or tip? Email us at stylesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address
Gwyneth Paltrow 2002 Oscars
Carol Alt Alt isn't exactly the hot model of the moment -- the American model rose to popularity in 1982 when she landed the annual
How to Rock a LBD (Little Black Dress) With a Mom Body I love wearing dresses. They are a little more forgiving than pants, especially if you're curvy like me. And there is nothing like the Little Black Dress (LBD). It's every woman's secret weapon.
Bernadette Peters Beauty Evolution The Queens, New York native has had an illustrious acting career where her curly hair has worked in her favor. From playing
Renee Adrian Smith, Live Bold Style Co-Founder, Scored Beauty Tips From Kate Moss & Naomi Campbell We've had a thing for hats and bright lipstick these days, so naturally we flagged down this stunning lady. And it turns
Alexander Wang's Balenciaga Show See Alexander Wang's entire first collection for Balenciaga below
Kim Kardashian Tries Maternity Style ... And Fails (PHOTOS) It's a bump, not a new bag.
Jennifer Lawrence Continues Her Winning Streak As She Tops Our Best-Dressed List This Week (PHOTOS) There were two events surrounding the 2013 Oscars that are known for bringing out Hollywood's most fabulous and most stylish
Justin Bieber's Spiked Hat Sparks Criticism Just in case you hadn't had enough, here's more of Bieber's style
Sandra Holmbom, Makeup Artist, Creates Amazing Optical Illusion Lip Art (PHOTOS, VIDEO) We've seen some pretty talented makeup artists -- like Promise Phan, who transforms herself into celebrities -- but Sandra
Kate Middleton & Topshop Love Each Other (VIDEO) Unfortunately we don't have photos of Kate picking out babydoll tops and stretchy pants (but can you imagine??). We do, however
Michael Jackson, King Of Pop, Is Our Ultimate Style Icon (PHOTO) Beat It, we've found our new fashion muse.
Elizabeth Taylor Style Evolution With her deep violet eyes, an ability to bring men to their knees and a collection of jewelry to rival a royal, it seems
6 Ways To Take The Stress Out Of Online Shopping Things just got easier.
Keira Knightley, Kerry Washington And More Show Us How To Wear Sexy Bedhead Hair (PHOTOS) Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostBeauty
Mary Alice Stephenson's GLAM4GOOD Was Inspired By Oprah (VIDEO) Merging her fashion career with philanthropy wasn't as dramatic as one might think. She set out to begin a successful consulting
Winter Whites and Bold Accessories Help Battle the Winter Beast at Syracuse University The Syracuse uniform
Victoria's Secret Angels Hit The Supermarket With Harper's Bazaar (VIDEO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) Please note that Zuburbia does not endorse the use of fur, feathers, leather or animal skins in fashion. These selections
The Right Way to Wear Blue Eyeshadow From the spring 2013 runways to the red carpet, blue eyeshadow is having a major moment. We're 100 percent with you -- it can seem scary putting blue on your peepers. The good news? This hot hue is totally wearable, whether you're a blonde, redhead, or brunette.
Get Fuller, Thicker Hair With A DIY Salt Detox Shampoo (VIDEO) And just like your face, which needs regular exfoliation to make serums and creams works better, the same goes for hair. A
Crystal Renn As of now, designers seem to be tailoring the industry, so to speak, to the size 0 girl. Plus-size supermodels like Renn
Michelle Obama Repeats Rachel Roy, Is Still Her Old Self (PHOTOS) She may have gotten a hair makeover, a new portrait and an Oscar presenting gig, but Michelle Obama is still the outfit-repeating
American Women's Shopping Influenced Heavily By Fashion Trends, Survey Finds Do you feel like you're being driven to buy more and more trendy clothes, whether you truly want them or not? Are you more
Jennifer Lawrence Has Brown Hair Again After Oscar Win (PHOTO) Hey, at least she didn't have to shave it all off like Charlize Theron. PHOTO
Erykah Badu Style Evolution My earliest memory of Erykah Badu takes me back to 1997, when my older brother Daryl would light up incense and blast her
Hulk Hogan and Cyndi Lauper Are An Unlikely Pair At The 1985 Grammys (PHOTO) Talk about unlikely BFFs.
Only Connect The other day, I was telling my friend S about one of the more entertaining break-up conversations I'd had. This was a long time ago, when I was dating D, a younger man who had first approached me on the sidewalk one sunny Saturday, asking if I was a dancer.
'Big Boobs' And Other Things To Never Say To A Busty Lady (PHOTOS) Check out our slideshow of more unacceptable comments
PINK PARIS Is a Sight for Sore Eyes, or Eyes Tired of the Long Grey Winter I arrived in Paris just after a rare snow storm left to find FLUO PINK clothes in all the windows, especially in the men's stores. The hot pink no button sweater coat is the must-have purchase of spring 2013, and neon furniture is also brand new in Paris!
An Interview With Oscar-Winning Costume Designer Jacqueline Durran \The costume design in the film was reinterpreted,we didn't refer back to the novel for any costume details. We didn't take a direct interpretation from Tolstoy.\
A Simple Way to Start Living a Balanced Life I know we talk about living a balanced life. But at the end of last year, I was not feeling balanced at all.
These Smoothie And Juice Ingredients Will Give You Clear Skin, Healthy Hair, Even Cure Hangovers Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostBeauty
Why Was Jennifer Lawrence Wearing 5 1/2 Inch Heels? (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Maybe you should have taken a page out of Sally Field's book...
Kilt It My favorite moment from this year's Oscars was watching Mark Andrews, the director of Brave, accept the award for Best Animated Feature Film while wearing a kilt. I support the idea of men having more choices when it comes to dressing, and I too am a kilt wearer.
Renee Zellweger Botox Speculations Rise At The Oscars (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
DIY Nail Ideas It's been a minute since the girls here at HuffPost Style showed off our manicures -- mostly because we've been too busy
Anne Hathaway 'Nipples' On The Oscars Red Carpet Are Super Distracting (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Naomie Harris' Oscar Dress Features Way Too Much Leg For Our Comfort (PHOTOS) The \u201cSkyfall\u201d actress arrived on the red carpet in a gold gown designed by Ghana-born Michael Badger, the winner of the Red
Heidi Klum's Cleavage At Oscars Viewing Party Is Jaw-Dropping (PHOTOS) The bust line combined with the sheer side paneling made the look a wardrobe malfunction just waiting to happen. Thankfully
Oscars Fashion Twitter Reactions And other great Oscar tweets from the fashion community.
Oscars 2013 See who knocked it out of the park...and who fell short.
Jennifer Aniston's Oscar Dress 2013 Disappoints The Fashion Critics (PHOTOS) The E! fashion critics were none too pleased. Why the blah hair, they asked? Where's the statement necklace? Why does she
Jacki Weaver Oscar Dress 2013 PHOTO
Adele Oscar Dress 2013 See Adele's red carpet look at the 2013 Academy Awards and tell us what you think! Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost
Melissa McCarthy Oscar Dress 2013 Unfortunately, her overly-teased hair (wonder how many cans of Aqua Net was used?) took the spotlight from her dove grey
Natalie Portman's Miss Dior Commercial Just Won't Get Out Of Our Heads (VIDEO) Alas Portman skipped the show, depriving us of a major red carpet moment. But this commercial is an excellent consolation
Sharon Stone's Oscars After-Party Dress Is Shocking (PHOTOS) So when she showed up at the 21st Annual Elton John AIDS Foundation Academy Awards Viewing Party in Los Angeles last night
Beyonce Wedge Sneakers Are Made Of Exotic Skins, Natch \These custom-made kicks come with a high price and it's paid by the various animals who were beaten and skinned alive or
Oscars Red Carpet 2013 Photos Sure, the Golden Globes and Grammys are fun. But the Oscars are where it's at, where the biggest celebs -- think Jennifer
Oscars 2013 Red Carpet Photos After two months of awards shows and red carpets and plenty of hype, the Oscars are finally here! Will someone's bra pop
Giuliana Rancic's Oscar Hair Is Extension-Free (PHOTOS) What a difference not wearing a weave makes.
Brandi Glanville Oscars Dress Showcases A Lot Of Cleavage (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Kelly Rowland Oscar Dress 2013 The 32-year-old singer, who is hosting ABC's \The Oscars Red Carpet Live!\ pre-show, stepped out in a black-and-white Donna
How Did I Become a Fashion Brute? If you are ever shopping and the associate simply hands you a garment, shows you to a fitting room and exclaims \gorgeous\ every time you exit, then you are not getting full service, in my opinion.
Michelle Obama Talks Dates With The President On Jimmy Fallon (VIDEOS) Watch the first lady's interview on Jimmy Fallon below and tell us what you think! WATCH
Jennifer Lawrence's Independent Spirit Awards Dress Flashes Major Sideboob (PHOTOS) Leading up to the big finale at Sunday's Oscars, the actress stepped out to attend the 2013 Film Independent Spirit Awards
Tavi Gevinson Talks Her Right To Be At Fashion Week & That Giant Bow Incident (VIDEO) Like we said, Tavi wasn't the most popular girl at fashion week -- everyone had a thing or two to say about her age, the
First And Early Oscars Moments For Stars Are Adorable, Endearing (PHOTOS) Everyone remembers their first time... at the Oscars, that is. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter
Gisele Bundchen, Tom Brady Copy Kimye, Step Out In His & Hers Leather Outfits (PHOTOS) Meanwhile, check out the true pioneers of matchy couple outfits
Independent Spirit Awards 2013 Red Carpet Was Such A Breath Of Fresh Air (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Wardrobe Malfunctions Careful ...
Glam Slam It's easy to buy Balenciaga. Prada, too. But, to a certain sector of sartorialist, the adventure of hunting and gathering unidentifiable fashion is far more thrilling. Outre glamour is, in fact, a hallmark of the truly stylish.
Worst Oscars Dresses We Hope We Don't See At The 2013 Academy Awards (PHOTOS) The Oscars are almost here, making us nostalgic for red carpets past. But while we wax poetically about Sally Field's stunning
The Importance of Planning It is the beginning of a new year or a new quarter. You are going on a trip, or it is simply Monday. It does not matter the specific reason. You have just got the urge to start planning. So where do you start? Get the calendar out and go... Wrong.
Natalie Liao, Blogger & Stylist, Pairs NARS Heatwave Lipstick With Liquid Eyeliner Photo/Art
5 Reasons Why You're Not Getting (And Maintaining) Straight Hair For starters, are you using a cheapie blowdryer?
Sally Field's Simple White Dress At The 1980 Oscars (PHOTOS) We think so!
Style Swap Every once in a while we get an urge to shake things up a bit. To push people (a little) out of their comfort zones, style
Gloria Vanderbilt, Pioneer Of Designer Jeans, And Her Amazing Style (PHOTO) We want this dress
Printemps Robbed Of De Beers Jewelry By Gunmen In Paris Women's Wear Daily reports that two unmasked men in wigs entered Printemps department store in Paris armed with handguns
Lindsay Lohan Returns amfAR Dress Ripped, Ruined After Borrowing  $1,750 Gown Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Oscars 2013 As we gear up for the Oscars at my Hollywood HQ, I took some time to reflect on the stars and statements that have made a lasting impression on the red carpet already this year.
Cressida Bonas, Prince Harry Spotted Skiing In Switzerland (PHOTOS) It's true! So is this for real? Is Prince Harry officially off the market? Indeed, it would appear that the lovely blonde
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) Please note that Zuburbia does not endorse the use of fur, feathers, leather or animal skins in fashion. These selections
Biotin, Viviscal, Fruit, Veggies & More Ways To Grow Hair Faster (VIDEO) It seems we're on a never-ending quest for long, long hair. (Even if we do periodically go in for an extreme chop now and
Brit Awards Red Carpet 2013 Includes A Few Surprises (PHOTOS) And then there was Mitch Winehouse, who paid tribute to his daughter, Amy Winehouse, with her face silkscreened across the
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) DISCLOSURE
Kate Middleton And Prince William's Cute Graduation Style (PHOTO) Awwww
Nico Jackson's Mother 'Very Pleased' With Son's Relationship With Pippa Middleton OK, so maybe they weren't exactly skiing, but you get the picture... What do you think of Pippa's latest love interest? Sorry
Ashley Benson Showcases Boob Window Dress At 'Spring Breakers' Premiere (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Why The Fashion Industry Loves Pajamas When we saw the luxe-louche looks that came down Marc Jacobs's fall runway, we thought it was the chicest pajama party ever
Wait, Is Crimped Hair Back? Zac Posen is known for his glamorous runways, and for Fall 2013 he paired his red-carpet-worthy frocks with crimped chignons
Kim Kardashian's Du Jour Cover Shoot Was Her First Pregnant Fashion Spread (PHOTOS) But this Bruce Weber-lensed shoot finds Kim unusually natural and candid. She even chatted about everyone's favorite topic
Justin Timberlake, Jessica Biel Attend Tom Ford Show (PHOTOS) Timberlake suited up in a gray wool two-piece suit paired expertly with a checked shirt, knit tie and patterned pocketsquare
Botox Injections, Fillers & Other Facial Rejuvenation Procedures Increased In 2012 Lest you think that Botox is only for the ageless Hollywood glitterati and \Real Housewives\ cast members, the American Society
What Models Really Get Paid For Fashion Week We've all heard about the insane salaries pulled in year after year by the world's biggest supermodels - the figures can
What Can the French Retail Snobs Learn From the Rest of the World? Elite or sophisticated, I can understand because there is a vanity in each of us that yearns to feel special. But with all the barriers in the world breaking down through the Internet or mass travel can snob appeal in retail survive?
Heidi Klum Swimsuit Cover Of Interview Germany Is Kind Of Amazing (PHOTO) PHOTO
Kate Middleton Covers Baby Bump In MaxMara Wrap Dress To Visit Hope House (PHOTOS) See more photos of the duchess! Fortunately, despite all of this, Kate's back in the swing of things and looking fantastic
Michelle Obama Mid-Life Crisis Is The Reason For Her Bangs! (PHOTOS) See more of Michelle's enviable style
Selena Gomez's 'Spring Breakers' Premiere Look Puts Sideboob On Display (PHOTOS) The Gucci sideboob-baring, sequined aqua mini with its embellished halter neckline looked like it came straight out of Las
Cindy Crawford Style Evolution The statuesque beauty was one of the supermodels that dominated the runways and the pages of glossies back in the '90s. Furthermore
Yes, Ugg Boots Really Are That Bad, And Yes, I Wear Them Happily (PHOTOS) I may be settling for Ugg-ly footwear. But the truth is, my feet have never been happier.
'Flat-Chested' And More Things Not To Say To Small-Busted Women (PHOTOS) \Have you ever considered implants?\
Sarah Jessica Parker Photoshop Fail? Actress Looks Strange On Harper's Bazaar China Cover (PHOTO, POLL) But we think, without a doubt, Harper's Bazaar China is the worst offender. Did you also have to give the cover a good, hard
Rihanna, Princess Diana Cover The Sunday Times Magazine Together (PHOTOS) Apparently so. The Sunday Times Magazine, the weekly mag from London's The Sunday Times newspaper, has the jarring comparison
Lena Dunham's Writers Guild Awards Dress Looks Pretty Great On Her (PHOTOS) See more of Lena Dunham's style! After being honored at the Golden Globes and Directors Guild Awards, Lena turned up to attend
Amy Poehler's Bangs Are One Of Her Stranger Hair Choices (PHOTOS) Or spider legs. Or a forehead ventilator. Or a creepy blonde hand reaching its long fingers over her face. Maybe it was just
28 Outfit Ideas... From 14 Items Of Clothing (PHOTOS) It's so easy!
Leslie Eugene, Stylist & Fashion Blogger, Proves MAC Ruby Woo Lipstick Is Universally-Flattering \I'm really versatile when it comes to my hair, and I just wanted to wear it long and bone straight because I've never had
Vanna White Style Evolution The long-time \Wheel Of Fortune\ hostess has been a staple in American living rooms for over three decades. And while technological
Best & Worst Beauty Of The Week As awards season amps up, the stars get more beautiful. And, in turn, more adventurous -- yielding mixed results. We saw
Pippa Middleton Reportedly Dating Nico Jackson After Mustique Photos Surface See Pippa Middleton's style! Click over to The Daily Mail to read more about Pippa's possible new love interest. \Nico comes
Anais Gallagher Attends Moschino Show, Wears Coolest Fashion Week Outfit (PHOTOS) Check out Anais Gallagher in her cheeky ensemble below and tell us what you think! Young celebrity offspring nabbing front
Rihanna's River Island London Fashion Week Debut Described As 'Horror Show' (PHOTOS) The question is
Miley Cyrus' Cosmopolitan Party, Marc Jacobs' Fall 2013 Collection And More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS) No pants, no problem?
Emma Stone's Gucci Fishnet Dress At 'The Croods' Berlin Premiere Gives Us Pause (PHOTOS) This is one busy little black dress.
Kim Kardashian Attempts Pregnancy Fashion In Actual Maternity Blouse (PHOTOS) We didn't see this coming.
Wardrobe Malfunctions This week, stars laughed in the face of CBS' Grammys dress guidelines. We saw boobs from all angles and legs aplenty. Meanwhile
Karlie Kloss' Cross-Country Travels, Lena Dunham On 'Emotional Nudity' And More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS) ...and more tweets of the week.
A Conversation With Rihanna's Hair Stylist Ursula Stephen As she ran her fingers through the hair of women who knew virtually nothing about how to care for their own hair, she understood that their dry, brittle strands were vestiges of their apartheid past.
Public Image, Limited There was a time, long ago, when fashion shows were a private matter. Gone are the days when Coco Chanel sat at the top of the staircase of her Rue Cambon salon, peering down while a very small group of fashion professionals.
Most Outrageous Beauty At New York Fashion Week Fall 2013 (PHOTOS) Do you have a beauty story idea or tip? Email us at stylesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address
Beyonc\u00e9 Blows Us Away On Our Best-Dressed List This Week (PHOTOS) These ladies really blew us away.
Do Women Look Better in Men's Underwear? Pictures of women in men's underwear have been mostly confined to the pages of glossy editorials  (e.g. Beyonce in GQ) and we were fine with that...  until Britney stepped out in men's boxers to go to the vet.
John Galliano Defended By Fashion Industry Notables (VIDEO) John Galliano took a dramatic fall from grace (getting fired from Christian Dior over several anti-Semitic rants), endured
Lily McMenamy, Model, Goes Topless At Marc Jacobs Fashion Week Show (PHOTOS) On Thursday evening, Marc Jacobs presented his fall collection to a massive audience at the Lexington Avenue Armory, sending
Kim Kardashian's Valentine's Day Present Is Probably Better Than Yours (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Finding Your Perfect Scent The most important thing to remember when shopping for a fragrance is that it is you who brings a fragrance to life, not the other way around.
Tory Burch, Lyor Cohen Break Up The New York Post has the exclusive report, stating that Burch and Cohen have split amicably. Cohen was the North American
Miley Cyrus Attends Marc Jacobs Show In Mickey Mouse Sweatshirt (PHOTOS) It wasn't the wildest thing she's worn ever (or heck, even this week); instead, the playful look definitely caught us off
Kate Moss, K\u00e9rastase Paris Partner Up For 'Couture Styling' Collection (VIDEO) Is there anything this lady doesn't have her hands in?
Sports Illustrated Called Racist For Using 'Exotic' People In Swimsuit Issue (PHOTOS) This photo cements stereotypes, perpetuates an imbalance in the power dynamic, is reminiscent of centuries of colonialism
New York Fashion Week 2013 New York Fashion Week is certainly not for the timid. You've got falling models, intimidating street style, scary nail art
Miley Cyrus Hits New York Fashion Week, Tops Our Worst-Dressed List (PHOTOS) You win some, you lose some.
My Adventures In Bralessness (PHOTOS) I wish I could say my decision to go bra-less was a political one, a hedge against the Victoria's Secret-corporate-industrial complex. It was not.
The Most Outrageous Nails At New York Fashion Week Fall 2013 (PHOTOS) Totally terrifying fingertips.
Jane Seymour Style Evolution Early on in her career, Seymour's personal style was much like the modestly-covered Dr. Quinn. She favored long, flowy dresses
Behind the Scenes With the Zen Master of New York Fashion Week There have been a multitude of things for designers to panic about this fashion week -- the weather, the unintentional photo-bombs, the prospect of their shows turning into platforms for Twitter trolls.
Kristen Aiken, HuffPost Taste Editor, Steals Beauty Tips From 'My So-Called Life' Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostBeauty
Our No-Stress, Last-Minute Valentine's Day Gift Guide (PHOTOS) Valentine's Day is here, and if you're anything like us, you are scrambling for a gift for your partner/best friend/child
The University of Pennsylvania's Diverse Student Body and Even More Diverse Wardrobe While the Wharton business fashionisto may wear a tweed sport coat and carry a matte black briefcase to class, the College English major may be spotted in a pair of Warby Parkers carrying a vintage brown leather satchel.
Liv Tyler, Chrissy Teigen & More Stars Love Stella McCartney's Peplum Dress (PHOTOS) Brooklyn Decker in the dress
Model Karlie Kloss Talks Hair, Kookies & Crushes During Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week (VIDEOS) Ms. Kloss sat down with us between shows during Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week to chat about everything from her skincare regimen
How to Look Fabulous in Photos Photos of us are everywhere -- and they live forever. Unless you're Kate Upton, this can be a scary thing. But it doesn't have to be.
Kim Kardashian's Pregnancy Fashion Is Still Shaky (PHOTOS) After weeks of tasteful pencil skirts, drapey layers, sheer tops and overly sexy clubwear, Kim is still a little shaky when
Valentine's Day Lingerie Goes To Extremes With Crotchless Panties, Padded Underpants & Stick-On Bras (PHOTOS) For more tips on shopping for lingerie, click through our slideshow below. 6. Hanky Panky Crotchless Thong. \Upon first glance
John Galliano 'Hasidic' Outfit Riles Critics (PHOTO, POLL) The Hasid-like outfit was an ill-advised choice for Galliano, who was infamously fired from his Christian Dior job after
What It Is Like to Design for Michelle Obama I was in a mood of \What's it all about, Alfie\ when I started to receive a string of texts, from friends, that Michelle Obama was wearing my pin at the State of the Union address.
Chrissy Teigen Is The Funniest Model On Twitter (TWEETS) We have a major crush on Chrissy Teigen. Not only is she a Sports Illustrated model whose boyfriend is the swoony crooner
Finding Love on Facebook Singles have been connecting and reconnecting on Facebook for the last nine years. For some reason, knowing someone in common gives a digital stamp of approval.
Nicole Miller Shows Off Her Color-Clashing Manicure & 'Boyfriend' Ring Fall Nail Art (VIDEO) When it came down to selecting nail art for her fall 2013 show, Nicole Miller got her hands in the mix ... literally! The
Keira Knightley Chanel Ad Deemed Too Sexy For Children (VIDEO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Jennifer Aniston's Wig Looked Like 'Pubic Hair' (PHOTOS) \I wore a half-wig on this film, and the girl who was washing the hairpiece wasn\u2019t using my shampoo. So we would go outside
Charlie Sheen Offers To Pay For Lindsay Lohan's Dress For Red Carpet PHOTOS
Kate Middleton's Pregnant Bikini Pictures Defended By Chi Magazine \We cannot talk about a violation of privacy when we publish pictures of public people in a public place. The photographs
How To Give Yourself A Vintage Pin-Up Makeover For Valentine's Day (PHOTOS) To further the romantic vibe of our shoot, we headed over to the The Dove Parlor, a charming, flatteringly-lit cocktail lounge
Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Models Celebrate The Launch Of The 2013 Issue (PHOTOS) Jessica Perez told us her biggest weakness
Princess Athena Of Denmark Wears The Best Sunglasses (PHOTOS) No, but seriously -- are you ready? Because this baby is so darn cute, with cheeks so pinch-able and and skin so kissable
Solange Knowles Tries The No-Pants Look At Beyonce's Film Premiere (PHOTOS) Solange Knowles has done a masterful job of establishing herself as a style figure independent of her shining star of a sister
New York Fashion Week Backstage Beauty \You know, don't you ever go to the beach and you look great?\ said NARS makeup artist James Kaliardos, referencing the melted
New York Fashion Week Backstage Beauty Do you have a beauty story idea or tip? Email us at stylesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address
Kim Kardashian's Elle Shoot Had Trouble Getting Clothes Because Of 'Fashion Snobbery' (PHOTOS) See more pics of Kim Kardashian! \People wouldn\u2019t lend me the clothes,\ he says in the mag. \But that\u2019s fashion snobbery
Trending in Fashion In an industry that aspires to outdo itself, this evolution from the everyday balloon to its souped-up, arguably more sophisticated older sister is not surprising.
Why Fashion Week Is Going Green As the fashion world incorporates environmental and other ethical concerns into brand identity, sustainability is becoming the new normal. In other words, eco-chic is going mainstream.
Eva Mendes Partners With New York And Co To Design Fashion Line Read more at WWD.com. Are you excited about Eva's forthcoming collection with New York & Co.? Or are you already fatigued
9 Stress-Saving Garments That Will Make Your Life So Much Easier (PHOTOS) No need to stress!
Mila Kunis When it comes to baring skin, she has her limits.
Kate Upton's Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Cover 2013 Unveiled On 'Letterman' (VIDEO) WATCH
6 Ways to Chic up Valentine's Day Clich\u00e9s Red roses, really? You bought these online and didn't even go to a florist to hand pick them? That's the best you can do, boo?
Kate Upton Lands Accessorize Campaign, Looks Absolutely Lovely (PHOTOS) Are you even surprised at this point?
The Value of Style Do I make incorrect assumptions about the people I see sporting Madewell or Chanel on the street or am I playing into the systems of wealth and appearance that I am trying to critique?!
Deena Abdulaziz, Saudi Princess & Boutique Owner, Hits Fashion Week (PHOTOS) And a killer wardrobe. Check out the royal attending the Fall 2013 shows at New York Fashion Week. All that fashion cred
Cool Infographic Shows Valentine's Day Is for Travel, Not Just Lovin' Today my colleagues at Digitas in partnership with Brandwatch released this awesome Valentine's Day infographic that shows
Grammy Gift Suites (With a Little Valentine Oscars Thrown In!) Brands shell out big bucks for reserved space at the various suites in the hopes of getting their products in the hands of artists and celebrities.
Karlie Kloss Is 'Terrified to Have a Bad Hair Day' Now That You're All Obsessed With Her Hair Cut More from Vanity Fair
7 Last-Minute Valentine's Day Makeup Looks From Pinterest (PHOTOS) Whenever you hear someone utter the words \Valentine's Day makeup,\ we're pretty sure an image of red lipstick pops into
28 Valentine's Day Nail Art Ideas To Put You In The Mood For Love (PHOTOS) Not every girl's idea of dressing up for Valentine's Day includes head-to-toe bubblegum pink or cherry red. And I won't even
How Beauty Pros De-Stress During Fashion Week (PHOTOS) Plus, tips from the pros on how to combat it.
Rihanna's Grammys Dress 2013 Overshadows Her Dubious Romantic Choices (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Prabal Gurung's Oprah Connection Dates Back To His Childhood In Nepal (VIDEO) \I was in Nepal and I had watched Oprah Winfrey's show. I had no idea, as a kid in Nepal, who she was, but I remember watching
Wedge Sneakers For Kids Are Basically The Skechers Of Our Youth (PHOTOS) \I like my Skechers, but I love my Prada backpack.\
Grammys 2013 Beauty Music artists (and wannabes) have made the Grammys one of the must-watched events in Hollywood. From Nicki Minaj's Bride
Grammy Awards 2013 Worst-Dressed Celebrities The 2013 Grammys were a chance for celebrities to step outside of the box when it comes to style. We love when stars take
Alicia Keys' Underboob During Grammys 2013 Performance Is A Tad Distracting (PHOTOS) The result? A clear \underboob\ moment, duly noted on Twitter. Check out Alicia's outfit. Do you like the peek-a-boo look
Grammys Dress Code Violators Include Katy Perry, Jennifer Lopez & More Stars (PHOTOS) CBS could not have been happy with the amount of \puffy\ skin exposed.
Lena Dunham Grammys Dress 2013 Sunday night's 2013 Grammy Awards brought out the music industry's heavy hitters, and the red carpet was everything we hoped
Florence Welch Grammys Dress 2013 Sunday night's 2013 Grammy Awards brought out the music industry's heavy hitters, and the red carpet was everything we hoped
Jessica Biel Looks Adorable With Beyonce And Justin Timberlake At The 2013 Grammys (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Beyonce On Vogue's March 2013 Cover Is Unsurprisingly Stunning (PHOTOS) In the cover story, her second ever for Vogue, Beyonce talks at length about her upcoming HBO documentary, and ventures into
Beyonc\u00e9 and Kelly Osbourne's Center-Parted Ponytails At The Grammys We were absolutely floored when Beyonc\u00e9 arrived swinging a similar ponytail hairstyle. Blue Ivy's mama whipped her hair back
Rihanna Mixes Up Orange-Red Nail Color For The Grammys (PHOTO) \She wanted to match her dress perfectly with an orange-red color, so we blended two colors, Red Carpet Manicure Ooh La Liscious
Grammy Awards 2013 Best-Dressed Celebrities The 2013 Grammy Awards are here, and we couldn't be more excited. After an awards season filled with play-it-safe-nude-mermaid
Nicole Kidman's Grammys Dress 2013 Is Gorgeous And Gold (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Jenna Jameson's Grammys Dress 2013 Isn't What We Expected (PHOTOS) See Jenna Jameson in her Grammys gown below! We wondered what would go down at Sunday night's 2013 Grammy Awards when CBS
Janelle Mon\u00e1e's Grammys Pompadour Remains Perfectly Perched Underneath Her Hat (PHOTO) The \Cold War\ singer looked dapper in her signature black-and-white uniform. As she reminisced with E! host Giuliana Rancic
Kiara Kabukuru Gets Interviewed For CR Fashion Book By Gisele (PHOTO) \You will be received by dancing villagers. It's kind of like Brazil in that everything is always on the verge of erupting
Kelly Clarkson Debuts Custom Deborah Lippmann Nail Polish Color At The Grammys (PHOTO) It's not what we expected...
Elle Style Awards Red Carpet Features Boob Windows & More Eye-Catching Trends (PHOTOS) Last year's honors went to Michelle Williams, Christina Hendricks, Jessica Chastain and Mary Katranzou. Elle's stamp of approval
Carly Rae Jepsen's Grammys Dress 2013 Is Kind Of A Bummer (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Kelly Rowland's Grammys Dress 2013 Pushes The Dress Code Limits (PHOTOS) We're with ya, G. Check out Kelly's dramatic dress -- is she pushing the envelope too far? After a long time under the radar
Fashion Week Street Style Here at HuffPost Style, we love a good runway show. But, without a doubt, our favorite part of fashion week is spotting all
New York Fashion Week Backstage Beauty Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostBeauty
Mary, Princess Of Denmark, Enjoys The Snow With Her Family During Winter Holiday (PHOTOS) While East Coast residents stateside spent their Sunday mornings trudging through icy streets and digging out their cars
BAFTA 2013 Red Carpet Brings Hollywood Glam To London (PHOTOS) But the most show-stopping looks of the evening belonged to Anne Hathaway, who went sleek and chic in a short-sleeved black
Best & Worst Beauty Of The Week Trends reigned supreme in this week's beauty roundup. We were swept away by soft waves and side parts, and the cat eye conquered
Coveting Christian Dior, David Beckham Looks Yummy, And More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS) Yum, yum, gimme some!
Beyonc\u00e9's Vogue March 2013 Cover Has Leaked! (PHOTOS) It's here! Let's revisit Bey's style while we're at it
Miley Cyrus Flashes Sideboob, Almost Pops Out Of Dress At Pre-Grammy Party (PHOTOS) It looked like the 20-year-old had a hard time keeping herself, er, adequately covered in her Emilio Pucci halter gown. The
Amber Rose's Grammys Dress 2013 By Donna Karan (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Miranda Lambert's Grammys Dress 2013 Is Simple, Stunning (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Grammys 2013 Red Carpet Photos The Grammys are finally here, a welcome breather between the fashion pressure cookers that are the Golden Globes and the
Overheard at Fashion Week, Jay-Z On The Halftime Show And More Tweets Of The Week Sorry Stella!
New York Fashion Week Backstage Beauty Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostBeauty
I've Decided to Become a Model... I've found one place that would make me think twice about becoming a model (if, of course, I was a foot taller and coordinated enough to stomp down the runway in those monster heels) -- Modellounge x Microsoft.
Diane Von Furstenberg's Number One Fan Is Prabal Gurung (VIDEO) Hint
New York Fashion Week Backstage Beauty Get more backstage beauty access at Rag & Bone's fall 2013 show in our slideshow below. And see all of our New York Fashion
Kim Kardashian Hides Her Baby Bump (PHOTOS) Bye bye leather pants
New York Fashion Week Backstage Beauty You heard it here first.
How To Get A Sexy Vintage Waves Hairstyle For Valentine's Day (PHOTOS) She probably had the same hairstyle back in the day. Here's how to get these vintage waves in minutes.
Wardrobe Malfunctions The powers that be are trying to minimize malfunctions, but lucky for us, our stars are pretty adventurous. This week, we
5 Reasons You Should Surrender To Nemo & Skip Fashion Week Today Will fashionistas surrender to Nemo?
Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Cover 2013 ... Drum roll please ...
Jennifer Aniston Style Evolution And we've got decades of proof!
New York Fashion Week Backstage Beauty The insanity backstage at Richard Chai -- think hoards of beauty editors and bloggers, cameramen swinging their expensive
Welcoming America's Top Menswear Designers to 'The Neighborhood' Two of the most important American menswear designers, and two guys who know a thing or two about the intersection of music and style, will be making their way to Austin this March. But you may be surprised what they'll be doing while they're visiting the Texas capital.
Christina Anderson, HuffPost Style Fashion Editor, Gets Vintage Makeover Inspired By Audrey Hepburn (PHOTOS) For starters, a bold brow can be your best friend.
Beauty Horror Stories \I felt confident that everything was going well until the woman tending to them said, 'Oops!'\
Vivian Lake, Gisele's Baby Girl, Makes Debut On Facebook (PHOTO) Vivian Lake made her Internet debut when Gisele posted a photo on her Facebook page on February 8. \Love is everything!!!\ Gisele
Katie Holmes Barefoot At Fashion Week Presentation For Holmes & Yang In any event, we bet Katie's relieved just to have the whole thing over. The Spring 2013 collection of Holmes & Yang received
Heidi Klum's Fur Vest At Kenneth Cole Show Is Not Our Favorite (PHOTOS, POLL) Klum wore said fuzzy get-up in the front row of Kenneth Cole's runway show, his first New York Fashion Week show in seven
New York Fashion Week Debut Still The Goal For Designers, Despite The Cost \It's important to create buzz and excitement around your brand,\ said Lai. \People aren't thinking about you if they're
David Beckham Body Double Used For H&M Ad (VIDEOS) But clearly not all of them. We recommend another viewing of the ad for, uh, research purposes. Oh, and the behind-the-scenes
New York Fashion Week Backstage Beauty Get more backstage beauty access at Houghton's fall 2013 show in our slideshow below. And see all of our New York Fashion
Mia Farrow Style Evolution This hair icon continues to make waves!
New York Fashion Week Backstage Beauty Get more backstage beauty access at Kimberly Ovitz's fall 2013 show in our slideshow below. And see all of our New York Fashion
Fashion Week Blizzard So far, only a few designers have been directly affected. Marc Jacobs announced on Thursday evening that he would be moving
Rashida Jones, Carey Mulligan And More Turn Out For The Prabal Gurung For Target Launch Party (PHOTOS) Although Fashion Week officially kicks off today, the launch party for Prabal Gurung's collection for Target last night had
Kendall & Kylie Jenner Walk Runway In Heart Truth Red Dress Show (PHOTOS) Check out all three Jenners getting New York Fashion Week started in style, or something. Here we go, y'all... Oh, and unlike
7 Beauty Treatments That Are Best Left To The Pros When DIY is simply not OK.
John Lennon And Yoko Ono Don Subtly Sexy Valentines Day Outfits (PHOTO) Or should this just be left to the pros?
Reddit Poster Documents Allergic Reaction To Hair Dye (PHOTOS) (H/T Gawker) Some more bad hair moments
Lindsay Lohan Wears Strange Fur Hoodie To amfAR Gala (PHOTOS) Think this was bad? Check out some of Lindsay's extreme beauty looks! PHOTOS
Why's a Heart Represent Love, Anyway? When you text a heart emoticon to a deserving party, it means more than just your devotion to another. The heart's evolution and endurance has enabled people to communicate their feelings effectively since the beginning. There's a deeper connection than you may realize.
How to Blow-Dry Your Hair and More Styling Tips Recently, I sat down with my hairdresser and brother-in-law for a chat and listened and learned as he spoke about how to get the best haircut possible, his pet peeves, flat-irons and curling irons and blow-dryers, and more.
Anna Wintour, Blowouts And 8 Other Reasons Why We Still Love Fashion Week (PHOTOS) ...among other reasons, of course.
Flipping the Cameras on Ourselves at StyleLikeU After four years, my mom and I have cut the cameras to ourselves in order to begin telling StyleLikeU's story. We are ecstatic and nervous to reveal how inspiring it is to be a part of a mission that has lead us to a gold mine of visionary individuals.
Anti-Aging Clothing Line, Cass WearRepair, Claims To Improve Skin (VIDEO) More proof that anti-aging doesn't require drastic moves
What Men Want OK, now are you ready for the surprising news? Match.com found that the most important thing for men is a woman's teeth, which
Katrina, Middleton Cousin, Defends Kate's Topless Photos In Loaded Magazine (PHOTOS) See more Katrina Darling! Oy, here we go... If there's one person Kate Middleton could tell to \bugger off,\ we're sure it
Miss Universe Olivia Culpo On Her Title Relive the magic... Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram
Linette Torres, Certified Bra Fitter, Shares Naturally Curly Hair Tips Also
Boston University Stylishly Bundles Up When I think about Boston and fashion, I often talk about Newbury Street, which is only a 20-minute walk away from the core of our campus, as being the ultimate people-watching location for any fashion-lover.
David Beckham For H&M New Underwear Ad Is Exhausting (VIDEO) There's nothing we love more than taking a good hard look at David Beckham's good hard abs. Want more? Be sure to check out
Julianne Hough Goes Sheer At 'Safe Haven' Premiere In Mesh Beaded Dress (PHOTOS) See more celebrities in sheer looks! PHOTOS
20 Sunnies That Will Rock Your World It may not feel like it when the wind chill hits single digits, but the sun is still faithfully blaring down on us. Read
What To Wear To Be Street Style Bait Fashion month officially kicks off this week with the shows in New York. Read more on Fashionista.com
These Celebs Wore Heels Where? Some of us save pumps for the office or a night out, but not Rachel Zoe, Kim Kardashian and these celebs who clearly never
8 Fashion Week Lessons From Movies & TV (VIDEOS, PHOTOS) 8. At the end of the show, sometimes the last model just walks out. See
5 Reasons I'm Not Stressing About New York Fashion Week I manage New York Fashion Week the same way I manage the rest of my life
Eulogizing the Most Perfect Pair of Pants (PHOTOS) It may seem dramatic to eulogize a pair of pants, but if you've ever had (and lost) a cherished blouse, or ring, or scarf, or dress, I know you'll understand.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) GET READY, GET SET, BID!!! No time to page through thousands of eBay listings? Then just sneak a peek at my weekly eBay roundup
Beyonc\u00e9, Jennifer Lopez And More Stars Who Love Side-Part, Side-Swept Hair (PHOTOS) Flip through the slideshow below for side-part, side-swept hairstyle inspiration, plus product recommendations to help you
Mischa Barton Seemingly Decides To Go Braless (PHOTOS) Sure, it's not Mischa's first time at the sideboob rodeo (now there's an image). But this involved buttons that threatened
Rachel Roy Talks Dressing Michelle Obama & Hillary Clinton On HuffPost Live (VIDEOS) WATCH
Jennifer Lawrence Talks Abercrombie & Fitch Modeling Career On 'Conan' (VIDEO) Jennifer Lawrence is like a gift that keeps on giving. The actress has kept us on our toes by giving awesomely candid interviews
Lana Turner's Style Evolution With her megawatt smile and porcelain skin, Lana Turner's look was interesting enough for her to get discovered while skipping
Rules of Netiquette for Valentine's Day What happens if you're in a brand-new relationship? How do you handle social media and love on February 14th without having a digital disaster?
My Fashion Week Family I've been thinking a lot about how many months in advance we start working (six) and how many people are involved behind the scenes (too many to count) to produce a one hour presentation of the collection to editors and buyers.
Tom Hanks And Rita Wilson Inspire Our Valentine's Day Date Outfits (PHOTO) Hollywood's favorite duo!
Budget and Eco-Friendly Romance This time of year money can be tight, so finding the right gift for your sweetie can be tough. However, experiences trump material gifts any day! Why not create a great day or weekend where you get to spend time with your Valentine, showing them just how much you love being with them?
Style Tips for 60-Somethings (PHOTOS) It's one thing to have a closet full of loose Eileen Fisher garb because you've always had a thing for her line. It's another if you're shopping there because you think you're supposed to.
Andr\u00e9 Leon Talley Talk Show Is Coming To A TV Near You Read more at WWD.com. We'd ask \Will you watch ALT's show?\ but, like, duh. Gird your loins, America
Alessandra Ambrosio To Release Fashion Line Al\u00e9 by Alessandra The latest Angel to venture out of the lingerie world? Alessandra Ambrosio. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style
PETA Skewers Beyonce For Super Bowl Outfit Choice (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
A Conversation With Mauricio and Roger Padilha As a fashion stylist, I am always looking to meet industry players. Enter Mauricio and Roger Padilha. They started their own fashion PR firm years ago that caters to young, up-and-coming designers, a niche they helped carve.
The 2013 Nail Olympics Bring Out Some Pretty Scary Manicures (PHOTOS) The most stunning, yet scary manicures we've seen so far.
Cara Delevingne Replaces Alexa Chung & Sienna Miller At Pepe Jeans (PHOTOS) Well, not exactly. The 20-year-old blonde has just been announced as the new face of Pepe Jeans -- you know, the brand that's
Vogue Caf\u00e9 In Dubai To Be Located In Massive Shoe Store CORRECTION
11 Terrible Valentine's Day Sexy Costumes (PHOTOS) Because nothing says \I love you\ like... pasties. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr
Middletons' Mustique Vacation Sounds Awfully Nice Jealous much? Read more at TheSun.co.uk and keep your eyes peeled for pics! Of course there are no photos of the vacay yet
Mila Kunis Talks Old Navy Cargo Pants & Rachel Weisz Admits To Fashion Faux Pas In InStyle (PHOTO) \As a teenager I used to dress in big, baggy men\u2019s suits, with lots of red lipstick. Then in my 20s I used to wear very tight
Barbara Hershey's Style Evolution Most recently, Hershey played Natalie Portman's mother in \Black Swan,\ and is featured nowadays on ABC's \Once Upon a Time
Everything You Need To Know About Makeup Expiration Dates (VIDEO) Do you have a style story idea or tip? Email us at stylesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address
David Bowie And Iman Have The Perfect Valentine's Day Outfits (PHOTO) Swoon.
LA Salon Cooks Up Bull Testicle Hair Treatment And We Tried It! (PHOTOS) Is it a whole lotta bull?
11 Romantic Valentine's Day Hairstyle Ideas From Pinterest (PHOTOS) There are only ten days left until Valentine's Day, and you're probably running in circles over what to give your sweetheart
Jennifer Lawrence's Tan At Oscar Nominees Luncheon Is Distracting (PHOTOS) We just hope that tan washes off in time for the actual Oscars... Jennifer Lawrence with her (spray?) tan
Transgender Lingerie Brand, Chrysalis, Fills An Important Void (PHOTOS, VIDEO) See Chrysalis' cast of models
Allison Williams Is The New Face Of Simple Skincare Probably Because She Has Amazing Skin OK, we'll believe Allison has bad skin approximately... never. That aside, we're happy to see the 24-year-old coming into
Zsa Zsa Gabor's Style Evolution Take note
Harper & Victoria Beckham Are Fashion Week-Ready In New York (PHOTOS) They're here! Her mother, the designer formerly known as Posh Spice, landed at JFK Airport wearing a maroon dress with black
Gisele Bundchen Is The New Face Of Chanel Cosmetics (PHOTOS) In news that we should have seen coming
How Privilege Influences Our Perceptions of Style I cannot deny that thin women seem able to \get away\ with more than non-thin women, especially when it comes to style choices.
Jessica Simpson, Mariah Carey And Other Celebrities Show Us Why Earmuffs Are The Way To Go (PHOTOS) Practical and cute!
Beyonce's Super Bowl Performance With the Super Bowl in full swing, we were all eagerly anticipating the big half-time show! Not only to hear the great singing, but also to see what she would be wearing... I feel fortunate to have known ahead of time that it would be, up and coming designer, Rubin Singer.
From Manly to Sexy Men were the first sex to don the shoe. They were adopted by the European aristocracy of the 1600s as a signal of status. The logic was
How To Stop Biting Your Nails And Break The Stressful Habit Believe us, we know it ain't easy.
Online Dating in an Algorithm World But do you ever wonder what happens behind the scenes at the online dating sites? Did you know you could find a date or a mate based on medical issues, pets or ethnicity?
Rachel Weisz's Harper's Bazaar UK Cover Renders The Actress Unrecognizable (PHOTO, POLL) PHOTO
Kate Middleton's Baby Bump Sighted On London Shopping Trip (VIDEO) Think this pic qualifies as one of her best? \Debut\ might be a strong word, but Kate Middleton did finally reveal a hint
Florence Welch Launches Jewelry Collection On Flotique, Makes Us Squee With Joy The Florence and the Machine singer has just released a jewelry collection inspired by her album \Ceremonials\ -- you know
Bring It On From extra bold stripes and updated tropicals to pumped-up paisleys and power flowers, it is an awesome array of prints that have captured my attention. Collaged, creatively clashed, digitized or blurred, the options are endless.
How I Am Preparing for New York Fashion Week These past few weeks have been filled with fittings, fabric decisions, model castings, music selection, set design, hair and makeup tests, and interviews. I'm involved in every aspect of the show, which can be grueling but I wouldn't have it any other way.
Harry Styles Celebrated His Birthday In A Burberry Top So does this all mean that Harry will emerge as the next male style star? We're still mulling that one over. In the meantime
Audrey Hepburn Looks Glamorous, Khloe Kardashian Visits HuffPost And More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS) Hint
Best & Worst Beauty Of The Week Dresses at this week's SAG Awards were pretty predictable, but we spotted some hair and makeup looks that stole the show
Hilaria Thomas & Chrissy Teigen Wear The Same Dress On The Same Red Carpet (PHOTOS, POLL) So who wore it better? We're going to go with Chrissy's lighter take. She even gets extra points for maintaining a hilarious
Lucila Sola Wears Shockingly Sheer Dress To Goldene Kamera Awards (PHOTOS) This gown went from demure to risqu\u00e9 VERY quickly.
Kate Upton & More Style Stars Toast Super Bowl During Weekend Of Parties (PHOTOS) While the Super Bowl isn't the first event that comes to mind when one thinks of stylish happenings, we were pleasantly surprised
Wardrobe Malfunctions We can say with near certainty that the sheer trend will never die. This week, we saw more than we anticipated from stars
Zosia Mamet, 'Girls' Star, Flashes Major Sideboob In Cut-Out Dress (PHOTOS) See the full clip here, then keep scrolling to see her questionable boob window dress. The actress (and daughter of playwright
Kerry Washington Is A Vision In Pepto Pink And Seafoam Green (PHOTOS) Kerry Washington could hit the red carpet in a Glad trash bag, and we'd all be freaking out over how glamorous she looks
Marilyn Monroe Has The Perfect Beauty Look For Valentine's Day (PHOTO) So sexy and sweet.
Mindy Kaling Sleeps In Rags, RuPaul Reveals Measurements And More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS) Our favorite Tweeters seemed focused on food this week. Rebel Wilson revealed a cupcake-inspired clothing line, Tyra Banks
Christie Brinkley's Style Evolution ...she's got killer legs too!
How Thong Underwear Came To Be And 6 More Fashion Facts (PHOTOS) Hint
Morgan Fairchild's Style Evolution Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Fashion Week Prep For me, a fashion show is about curating the vision I've been researching for months into a tangible production that everyone can get something out of.
Beauty Horror Stories \Um, okay,\ I gathered my coat and her card, and headed for the door. I'm pretty low-maintenance when it comes to hair care
Cringe-Worthy Makeup Names Are we missing any?
Psyching Up for Alexander Wang's Debut at Balenciaga While Nicolas Ghesqui\u00e8re was always painstakingly chic and on the mark with his collections, Alexander Wang has a sense of humor and irony that only a crazy American can create.
Sigourney Weaver Wore Dress Backward At The 2013 SAG Awards? (PHOTOS) And who could forget Celine Dion's infamous backwards tuxedo at the 1999 Oscars? We will never understand why a celeb would
Jennifer Lawrence Sees Her 'Wardrobe Malfunction' For The First Time (VIDEOS, PHOTO) And there was nary a wardrobe goof in sight. The moment was immediately tweeted, picked apart and turned into a series of
What a Ravens Fan Is Wearing to the Super Bowl Being the Patriots fan that I am, appreciating equally passionate Ravens fans is excessively challenging. However, I make an exception for the beautiful (inside and out) Hilary Phelps. This morning, we chatted instead about what she is planning to wear.
Victoria's Secret Mastectomy Bras A Likely Reality Due To Change.Org Petition (UPDATED) Posted in mid-January, the petition quickly gained over 118,000 signatures. In response, Victoria's Secret invited Maiden
Kate Upton She's aware that her shapely figure, unconventional in the world of fashion modeling, is an inspiration to real women. \u201cIt's
Dr. Mikael Sandstr\u00f6m Sets Off Swedish Gossip Mills With Wild Tan (VIDEO, PHOTOS) Oy. Watch the clip and witness the orangosity in photo form below. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter
'30 Rock''s Greatest Fashion Moments (PHOTOS) The absurdist drama on \30 Rock\ made for some stellar comedic fashion moments -- remember when Liz's mom made her an all
Kate Middleton's Nose Proves It The Best \Happiness\
Taylor Swift Doesn't Look Heartbroken And More Stunners On This Week's Best-Dressed List (PHOTOS) Taylor Swift may be heartbroken, but her style certainly isn't suffering. The country star is earning her spot on the best
Vogue White House Shoot For Obama Cover Happening Right Now Annie Leibovitz is reportedly doing the honors.
Fashion Week Fall 2013's Playlist This playlist is composed of songs I feel are a good representation of this year's Fashion Week. They are also songs that I could see myself hearing at a runway show without having a specific designer in mind.
Jennifer Lopez Doesn't Wear Underwear And More Poor Style Choices On This Week's Worst-Dressed List (PHOTOS) Sheer is a big trend these days, which baffles us, since it's the middle of winter and all. Stylish stars like Jessica Alba
Lisa Marie Presley Style Evolution Lisa Marie Presley's fashion is often as surprising as her relationships. The only child of Elvis Presley and Priscilla Presley
Calvin Klein Super Bowl Ad Teaser The iconic fashion brand is debuting its first-ever Super Bowl commercial this Sunday, reports Women's Wear Daily. The ad
Mary Kate & Ashley Olsen Make First Handbag Collection For Elizabeth and James FINALLY a collection for the girl who doesn't have $39,000 to spend on a backpack.
Isabel Lucas Attempts Christian Dior Runway Look In Real Life (PHOTOS) Other times, something is lost in translation. (See
Nicole Kidman Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
11 Beauty Treatments You Can Totally Do Yourself At Home Mani-Pedi. This combo can cost up to $50 at the nail salon (especially if you are walking around on cracked, calloused feet
Janice Dickinson Before She Started Her Modeling Agency (PHOTO) Hint
How To Dress When You're Petite On Top (PHOTOS) Small on top? We've got you covered.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any questions. Which item is your
Pop Some Tags Add another question to those that we women usually ask ourselves before purchasing, i.e. \Do I like it?\ \Can I afford it?\ and \Does it look good on me?\ (Or, the converse, \Does this make me look fat?\) The fourth question
Affordable Fitness Fashion A healthy body never goes out of style, and while fashion trends may change every season, no one can blame a girl for wanting both fitness and fashion in their lives.
Jody Watley Beauty Evolution Check our other Beauty Evolutions here. Watley got her start as a dancer on the popular TV dance show \Soul Train\ at just
How This Brown University Student Looks Chic in the Cold One of the best phrases I hear at Brown is the question, \How would you describe the typical Brown student?\ followed by the answer, \There is none!\ Despite this gag-worthy clich\u00e9, I must admit that it applies to the styles I see on Brown's campus.
Karl Lagerfeld Feel better, Michelle? Click over to Canal Plus' website to watch the whole interview with Karl (warning
Is 'Project Runway' Relevant? Christian Siriano Dishes On His Former Show (VIDEO) \On the other side, I think any competition show where you need to fall in love with the character and love the product that's
Pam Grier, AKA Foxy Brown, And Her Sexy Crop Top (PHOTO) If crop tops could kill ...
Jana Kramer's Fabulous Five-Carat Engagement Ring Jana's ring is a case in point that setting the center diamond in a thin pave setting will make a diamond of any carat weight appear larger than it is.
Kourtney Kardashian's Beret Is Giving Us '90s Flashbacks (PHOTOS) Normally it's Kim who makes the bold fashion statements. But for her \Jimmy Kimmel Live\ appearance, Kourtney decided to
A DIY Shaving Cream Recipe That Will Save You A Trip To The Store (VIDEO) Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostBeauty
Cara Delevingne Talks Prince Harry & Harry Styles Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
The Secret To Emma Stone's Perfect Hair ... In the glitzy world of celebrity hairstylists, there are those who are good at their job and then there are those that can
Here Is What You'll Need To Survive Fashion Week The invites have been sent out, the seating charts are being filled, and fashion folks everywhere are resoling their Manolos
These Are Celebrity Trends For A Reason From Taylor and Maria's two-tone dresses to Carrie and Jessica's cozy vests, these are the hot styles to try right now - and
Vogue Thailand Debut Issue Sells Out Within Days, Features Male Editor In Chief Sound unconventional? That might be because the Thai edition hired a male editor-in-chief, Kullawit Laosuksri. And it's not
J. Shelby Bryan, Anna Wintour's Boyfriend, Owes IRS $1.2 Million Yikes. That's not the sort of glamorous state of affairs we associate with Anna Wintour. Read more at Telegraph.co.uk The
Kate Middleton's Engagement Issa Dress Is Now Available In Maternity Sizes (PHOTOS) That's right, you haven't seen the last of Kate Middleton's indigo Issa dress.
How To Look Your Best When You're Sick (VIDEO) When it comes to eye makeup, you main goal is toning down the redness -- a white eyeliner pencil will help with this. Avoid
Keri Russell, The Americans Screening Keri Russell stars in a new TV show, a Cold War thriller called The Americans. The screening was a few nights ago, and here are a few photos I captured of Keri right before she got dressed for the night.
Sale-Shopping Challenge We went to Zara, Gap and H&M to find out.
Camilla Parker Bowles' Hairdresser Dishes On The Duchess' Salon Habits \She has a fantastic sense of humor. She really does.\
Katie Holmes Not Showing At Fashion Week In New York UPDATE
Catherine Zeta-Jones Sizzles In Sexy Black Dress On 'Tonight Show' (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
SAG Awards 2013 Worst-Dressed Celebrities We saw a few A-list actresses stumble at the 2013 Screen Actors Guild Awards. In fact, our list of worst-dressed celebrities
Eyebrow Lift Surgery Becoming More Popular As Breast Implants Decline In Britain See some celebs who've admitted to getting plastic surgery! Moral of the story
Princess Maxima Will Be Queen Of The Netherlands On April 30 (PHOTOS) If you're as royal-crazy as we are, surely you've heard by now that Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands plans to abdicate her
Jessica Alba's InStyle Cover Looks Like A Photoshop Fail To Us (PHOTO, POLL) As for her waist and hips, it looks as if they've been shrunken and hollowed out. Like we said, we can't say with 100 percent
Oprah Winfrey Style Evolution Oprah Winfrey is a legend. The Mississipi native is best known for her long-running talk show, \The Oprah Winfrey Show,\ where
Anne Hathaway's Butterfly Nail Art At The SAG Awards (PHOTOS) What do you think of Hathaway's butterfly nail art? Tell us your thoughts in the comments section. Meanwhile, see Kelly Osbourne
Amanda Seyfried Wears Totally Sheer Dress To SAG After Party (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Diet Coke Commercial Features New Male Model, Andrew Cooper, For 30th Anniversary Ad (VIDEO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Emmy Rossum I recently caught up with beautiful actress Emmy Rossum, who just wrapped a movie with Hilary Swank called You're Not You. She has also just signed with Warner Brothers Records, and is releasing her first album for the label, Jan 30th.
Kate Middleton Shops For Jeggings At Gap First she was spotted at Starbucks, now THIS.
Did Jennifer Lawrence's Dress Rip At The SAG Awards? (VIDEO, PHOTOS) We were totally psyched when Jennifer Lawrence won a SAG Award for \Silver Linings Playbook\ at the 2013 Screen Actors Guild
Kate Upton Lands Sam Edelman Campaign Because 'She Isn't Stick Thin' (PHOTOS) \u201cWe chose Kate because she isn\u2019t stick thin. She\u2019s beautiful and all-American,\u201d Lipman said. There's a forthcoming video
I Was a Mary Kay Salesgirl (and Barely Broke Even) Would I be willing to shell out $350 for my first order? That might not sound like a lot now, but at the time I was unemployed. I forked over the cash.
13 Nail Art Ideas For Teeny Tiny Fingertips (PHOTOS) No magnifying glass needed.
Ellen DeGeneres Style Evolution We do love her so.
Vans, Converse And Other Flat Shoes For When You Don't Feel Like Wearing High Heels (PHOTOS) Your feet will thank us!
When Seasons Change, So Should Your Skin-Care Routine Hands have fewer oil glands, which means they get drier faster than the rest of your body. Thus, it's important to moisturize your hands often during winter months.
The Iconic Icelandic Sweater The traditional Icelandic sweater is finding new life in Reykjavik, as young designers take inspiration from the past for their contemporary designs.
Heidi Klum's Sheer Dress On 'The Tonight Show' Has Us Worried (PHOTOS, VIDEO) The supermodel seems to get younger both in spirit and style every day, sporting dresses with bold thigh-high slits and chatting
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) This week's selections include pieces by Bonnie Cashin, Lilli Ann, Christian Lacroix and Schiaparelli. Be sure not to miss
Why Women Have So Many Clothes What's cheeky in one setting or to one person is flirty in or to another. So women constantly risk getting it wrong, or getting it wrong to someone. So the consequences are always floating out there, worrying us and sending us to the mall.
How To Exfoliate Your Face In 3 Easy Steps Your mornings will be much brighter thanks to this.
Tatjana Patitz, Seal's Ex, And Her Stylish Airport Look (PHOTOS) We'd totally wear this look today.
8 Things You Need To Know About Starting A Fashion Business HuffPost Style got some additional advice on launching your own business from Amanda Steinberg, founder of DailyWorth, a
Omar Perez The longer I am on Facebook, the more interesting things I stumble across. Recently, I noticed a link to an upcoming museum exhibition posted by Omar Perez, a furniture designer I follow. He had noted, \Excited to be part of this exhibit!\
Tatyana Ali's Style Evolution From Scrunchies To LBDs (PHOTOS) It's always fun to look back on our favorite childhood TV stars to see what they've been up to all these years. Tatyana Ali
Get Rid Of A Puffy Face, Wrinkles And Stress With This (Kind Of) Genius YouTube Video Though she never specifically tells us where she picked up all these tips (she did later leave a comment that it was culled
Internship Attire Whether it's your first internship or your last, that butterfly-in-your-stomach, nervous feeling never seems to disappear upon choosing an outfit for that first big day.
Denmark The case came up for review in February 2012, when a woman submitted a complaint about a salon charging 528 kroner (about
George Washington University More conservative than New York City, less hipster than Chicago and more diverse than Los Angeles; D.C. is often overlooked as one of the major fashion-forward cities of the U.S.
How To Wear Patterns Like Solange Knowles And Jenna Lyons Without Feeling Totally Overwhelmed (PHOTOS) It's an art, sure -- but let us make it more of a paint-by-number for you.
Coach Clothing For Women On Its Way Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Carla Bruni Signs With Multinational Music Label, Is Definitely Not A First Lady Anymore \Little French Songs,\ Carla's first album in five years, is set to be released in April, so this announcement adds an extra
5 Ways To Style A Pixie Haircut, As Worn By Anne Hathaway, Halle Berry And More Stars (PHOTOS) No professional hairdresser required.
Dita Von Teese's Perfume Dita unveiled her first fragrance, Dita Von Teese, in Germany in 2011, and has just introduced it in the U.S., along with her second fragrance, Rouge.
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley Ads For Marks & Spencer Called 'Degrading To Women' (PHOTOS) We also considered that it was acceptable for advertisers of lingerie to show their products modelled in ads, provided they
LeAnn Rimes' Hair On Jimmy Kimmel Makes Us Wish She'd Played It Safe (PHOTOS) We tend to bemoan stars that play it too safe in the hair department -- you know, those celebrities who rarely veer away
Lady Gaga's Inaugural Ball Dress Is Impressively Large (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Let's just say it isn't what WE would have worn.
9 Reasons Not To Stress About Getting Dressed In The Morning No need to stress!
Christina Han, Beauty Editor, New York Magazine's The Cut From a first deskside meeting, we have had the opportunity to meet a couple more times. I am in awe of her
Fashion Moments That Will Make You Smile You did it! You got through the most depressing day of the year in one piece (though you probably can't say the same thing
Style Rules, According To Lena Dunham When Lena Dunham got invited to the Golden Globes, she knew who to call \u2013 and she knew he'd pick up. Read more on Peoplestylewatch.com
These Are Splurge-Worthy Items Maybe it's the zesty mojito color, or perhaps the playfully scrawled graffiti, but something about these pumps reminds me
The Right Way to Care for Sweaters Each winter, there always seems to be one sweater that's sacrificed to the fashion gods. It's been shrunk to doll-size proportions because you swore you could wash it yourself, or it ends up warped and faded in the back of your closet.
Michelle Obama's Thom Browne Coat Teased By Moda Operandi (PHOTOS) But while there are similar looking items for purchase, like Browne's Stitched Down Pleated Dress, you won't find Michelle's
Coco Chanel (Accidentally) Popularized The Tan And 7 More Beauty Facts (PHOTOS) And 7 other beauty facts you never knew.
Jenna Lyons Reveals The Secrets Of Obama Family's J.Crew Inauguration Outfits Did they get those clothes for free??
Unlike Fashion, Abortion Can't Be Labeled Over the past few years, more and more Americans have felt less comfortable having their personal beliefs about abortion be put into a box. What does \pro-choice\ or \pro-life\ even mean? And why can't I be both?
Michelle Obama Somewhere in America there are little girls dreaming about being the first lady or the first female president, and Michelle's clothes give them hope... hope that they too can defy society's expectations and stereotypes.
How To DIY One Of Spring's Hottest Trends (PHOTOS) It's so easy!
Mariska Hargitay Style Evolution When you're the daughter of '50s sex symbol Jayne Mansfield, it's not so surprising that you end up becoming a teen beauty
Michelle Obama Dress At The Inauguration Ball 2013 Michelle Obama picks Jason Wu -- again!
Michelle Obama's Inauguration Look Has Us Wanting A Swing Coat (PHOTOS) Michelle Obama stunned at the 2013 Presidential Inauguration in a navy blue patterned Thom Browne coat, cinched at the waist
HuffPost Q&A How do I get my husband of 5 years to be more open to his emotions? He's not the emotional kind of man, but I need some type
Michelle Obama Keeps It Going In Naeem Khan At National Prayer Service, White House Tour (PHOTOS) Can this week just NEVER end? Okay, cool, thanks.
Kate Upton 'Leaked' Super Bowl Commercial Is Almost What You'd Expect (VIDEO) Move along, folks, Nothing to see here.
Beyonce Nails National Anthem With Hot Orange Manicure At The 2013 Inauguration (PHOTOS) Forget red, white and blue -- tangerine is IN.
Fashion Reacts To The 2013 Inauguration On Twitter (TWEETS) \Barack looks f**king amazing. THAT is what a Silver Fox looks like!\
Michelle Obama's Navy Inaugural Coat Is a Fashion Miss Michelle Obama is a true fashion trendsetter and icon but her gray Thom Browne coat is too dully colored for this Inauguration Day. It's simply too dull.  Her outfits can set a tone just as much as her husband's speech.
Was Barack Obama Wearing A Lot Of Bronzer At The 2013 Inauguration? (PHOTOS) Ten bucks says he got a pre-Inauguration facial.
Michelle Obama, Hillary Clinton And Jill Biden Step Out With Bouncy Blowouts On Inauguration Day (PHOTOS) Bill approves.
Katy Perry Hits 2013 Inauguration In Rodarte With John Mayer (PHOTOS) Her Rodarte coat ain't bad, either.
Obamas' Inauguration Kiss Captured By Sasha & Malia On Cell Phones (PHOTOS) Say it with us now
Michelle Obama's Inauguration 2013 Outfit Get the details on Michelle Obama's inauguration day outfit!
Beyonce's Inauguration Dress & Hair Take Our Breath Away (PHOTOS) We hereby nominate Bey & Jay as best-dressed of Inauguration Day.
Who Is Thom Browne? 5 Things You Didn't Know About Michelle Obama's Dress Designer (PHOTOS) Learn more about Michelle Obama's inauguration dress designer.
Best & Worst Beauty Of The Week We worship Jessica Alba's orange lipstick.
Gwyneth Paltrow Tattoo? Star Shows Off New Body Art (PHOTOS) Did the actress really put a bird on it?
Katy Perry Wears American Flag Outfit For Kids' Inaugural Concert (PHOTOS) Channeling Uncle Sam can actually be pretty cute.
Prince Harry Magazine Cover, Michelle Obama Nail Art And More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS) Yes, that's exactly what you think it is.
40 Dresses With Their Own Wikipedia Entries (PHOTOS) If a dress doesn't have its own Wikipedia page, did it ever exist?
Wardrobe Malfunctions The Golden Globes were a pretty dangerous event... neckline-wise.
Lena Dunham Doubts Her Shapewear, Ryan Gosling Turns Anna Kendrick On And More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS) Seriously LOLing.
Jessica Biel Shows Us How To Wear A Puffy Coat Without Looking Like A Yeti (PHOTOS) Seriously, we would've looked like a Yeti.
David Beckham's Spring/Summer 2013 H&M Ad Proves There Is A God (PHOTO) And let us just say
Katie Holmes Signs With Alterna Haircare, Giving Us Jen Aniston D\u00e9j\u00e0 Vu (PHOTOS) Seriously, it's like d\u00e9j\u00e0 vu all over again.
Galliano Comeback? Oscar De La Renta Welcomes The Disgraced Designer To His Studio Is he finally making a comeback?
Emma Stone's W Cover Is Utterly Confounding (PHOTO) Her hair is so.... that.
How Stars Really Prep for Award Shows Award season is one of the most exciting times of the year as I get to check in with my favorite celebrity clients and ensure their brows are red-carpet ready!
Nigella Lawson \That tum is the truth and is come by honestly.\
5 Fashion Trends for Fall 2013 From Berlin I am so excited about the fashion runway shows in Berlin on Thursday, January 17, 2013. Why? Because the sneak peek of fall fashion is refreshing and modern with a twist on one of my favorite trends the retro remix.
My Fashion Show Honored Grandma Lucy When I was growing up, my grandmother was one of the most important people in my life. She was a self-taught sewing dynamo without any formal training, and no sewing project was too difficult for Lucy.
Beauty Horror Stories One of our editors definitely learned HER lesson.
Princesses Beatrice & Eugenie Hit First Royal Tour In Style (PHOTOS) Bea and Eugenie hit the road for their first Royal Tour.
A Bad Year for the Goats It's climate change that is affecting the goats, and therefore affecting the price of your yummy cashmere sweater. As everyone knows, as the world gets hit with new weather patterns, it will affect the livestock. And the goats are not immune.
AVN Awards Pre-Party Brings Showcases Porn Stars' Fashion Sense (PHOTOS) Let's investigate, shall we?
Kids Model Golden Globes Red Carpet Fashions In Toddlewood Shoot (PHOTOS) In some cases, we even like the mini version better... That was the logic behind Toddlewood's new Golden Globes photo shoot
Kate Middleton Went To Starbucks Like The Rest Of Us Mere Mortals So she's basically the Olsen twins circa 2006.
What to Wear to an Inaugural Ball This is your invitation to the 57th Inauguration Day for the president of the United States, to be held in Washington, DC on Monday, January 21, 2013.
How YOU Can Wear The Golden Globes Dress Trends Here's the lowdown on getting Taylor Swift's look.
Fashion Shows Used To Be A Raucous Affair (VIDEO) This wasn't always the case, as we see in this charming video from London in 1966. The models skip and dance animatedly on
Madison, Wisconsin Style While the Kate Mosses of the world might not be roaming our sidewalks, we've got the next best thing
Shopping in Paris All I could think was, what's the point of purchasing a Phillip Lim skirt abroad that I can buy at home, for less? To say I bought it in Paris?
Men's Style Out of my civic duty and as a soldier on the front line of fashion, I have ventured into the scary world of hats in hopes of easing the seasonal anxiety of my fellow man.
Tori Spelling As A Brunette Is Our Favorite Thing Ever (PHOTO) For real ...
Giving and Accepting Compliments When we pay a compliment to someone, we feel better about ourselves by making another person feel better about him- or herself! And when we accept a compliment gracefully, it works the same way.
BeautyView If you know me, you know I am persistent -- not a nag, but definitely persistent. I also think that \no\ is just the start of the conversation. These two characteristics came in very handy when I first met Angela Sitilides, owner of Bellacara.
Philipp Plein Fashion Show Features Gun-Wielding Models (PHOTOS, POLL) First Ed Westwick, now this.
Prince Albert Receives Apology From Sunday Times Following Article Claiming Marriage Was Bogus Prince Albert takes on those wild rumors about his wedding to Princess Charlene.
Nicki Minaj, Adam Levine Team With KMart For Clothing & Accessories Lines We did NOT see this one coming.
Neil Lane Welcome to Neil Lane, a Beverly Hills institution whose namesake is synonymous with fine vintage jewelry adorned by Hollywood's A-Listers (Angelina Jolie, Madonna and Charlize Theron, to name a few).
6 Ways You're Blowdrying Your Hair Wrong For starters, toss that brush you've been using.
Alexander Wang, Balenciaga's New Designer, Is an American in Paris I was a disappointed by all the speculation around Alexander Wang's recent appointment to the role of creative director at the vaunted Parisian fashion house Balenciaga. The general perception was that the job offer had more to do with his being Chinese than his talent.
Amanda Seyfried Golden Globes Dress 2013 Sunday night's 2013 Golden Globes Awards brought high glitz and glam to Hollywood, and Amanda Seyfried, one of our favorite
Amy Poehler Golden Globes Tuxedo 2013 We definitely weren't expecting THIS.
Jessica Lange Golden Globes Dress 2013 See all of the looks from the 2013 Golden Globes red carpet! Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook
Julianne Moore Golden Globes Dress 2013 In our opinion, Julianne Moore never fails to stun at the Golden Globe awards. Hey, we even liked that polarizing one-sleeved
Golden Globes 2013 Best-Dressed List It really was Anne's night.
Faye Dunaway's Style Evolution Faye Dunaway has been a part of some of the most iconic fashion moments in film. From the memorable berets and short-sleeve
Helena Bonham Carter Golden Globes Dress 2013 PHOTOS
Cate Blanchett And Her Perfect Skin (PHOTO) How do you have skin THAT perfect?
Allison Williams Golden Globes Dress 2013 Sunday night's 2013 Golden Globes Awards brought high glitz and glam to Hollywood, and Allison Williams' dress was no exception
Adele's Golden Globes Dress 2013 Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Stella And Dot, Chictopia And More To Follow On Pinterest This Week (PHOTOS) Look at all these boards!
Julia Louis Dreyfus Golden Globes Dress 2013 Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Golden Globes 2013 Worst-Dressed List Lesson of the night
Zosia Mamet's Golden Globes Dress 2013 See the rest of the red carpet looks
Helen Mirren's Golden Globes Dress 2013 Let's face it
Jennifer Lawrence's Golden Globes Dress 2013 Is A Winner (PHOTOS) The strapless red gown, with its classic strapless neckline and full skirt, gave off a glamorously retro vibe. There was
Naomi Watts Golden Globes Dress 2013 PHOTOS
Jennifer Garner Golden Globes 2013 We have just two words
Julie Bowen Golden Globes Dress 2013 And at Sunday night's Golden Globes, Bowen brought another killer frock
Helen Hunt Golden Globes Dress 2013 Style-wise, she looked radiant in a neutral sleeveless Dolce & Gabbana gown and long wavy hair. The 49-year-old actress already
Anne Hathaway's Golden Globes Dress 2013 Rules The Red Carpet (PHOTOS) Another accessory Anne skipped
Sofia Vergara Golden Globes Dress 2013 See Sofia in her va-va-voom look below! Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest
Emily Blunt Golden Globes Dress 2013 PHOTOS
Katharine McPhee Golden Globes Dress 2013 See the actress looking glam -- and super sexy -- in her Golden Globes gown (FYI
Salma Hayek Golden Globes Dress 2013 Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Nicole Kidman Golden Globes Dress 2013 Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Rachel Weisz Golden Globes Dress 2013 Sunday night's 2013 Golden Globes Awards attracted a sea of decked out celebs and Rachel Weisz's dress was no exception. PHOTOS
Sienna Miller Golden Globes Dress 2013 See the actress in her Golden Globes Erdem look (yup, that's a crop top) from this year's ceremony below! Sienna Miller is
2013 Golden Globes Gifting Suites SECRET ROOM EVENTS' LUXURY CELEBRITY GIFT SUITE IN HONOR OF THE 2013 70TH ANNUAL GOLDEN GLOBE AWARDS held at the SLS Hotel
Julianne Hough Wardrobe Malfunction Don't worry, girl, we've totally been there.
Kim Kardashian's Maternity Clothes Are Finally Starting To Look Like Maternity Clothes (PHOTOS) Maybe KK has finally gone the muumuu route.
Tina Fey Golden Globes Dress 2013 Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Hayden Panettiere Golden Globes Dress 2013 The 2013 Golden Globe Awards brought out many stars for the glam event. \Best Supporting Actress\ nominee Hayden Panettiere
Debra Messing Golden Globes Dress 2013 Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Lena Dunham Golden Globes Dress 2013 Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Amy Adams Golden Globes Dress 2013 Sunday night's 2013 Golden Globes Awards brought a bevy of breathtaking looks to Hollywood, and Amy Adams' dress was no exception
Best & Worst Beauty Of The Week Sandra Bullock tried the Barbie look
Princess Charlene & Prince Albert II Meet The Pope In Vatican City (PHOTOS) What do you think they talked about?
Zooey Deschanel Golden Globes Dress 2013 See all of the looks from the 2013 Golden Globes red carpet! PHOTOS
Colorful Cole Haan Shoes, 'Rugrats' Nail Art And More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS) If you don't like \Rugrats\ then we don't wan't to be friends with you.
Michelle Dockery Golden Globes Dress 2013 Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Morena Baccarin Golden Globes Dress 2013 The actress, who stars in \Homeland,\ was at the award ceremony for her show's nomination for Best Series. See the Brazilian's
Mayim Bialik Golden Globes Dress 2013 See the actress, who's television show \The Big Bang Theory\ was nominated for Best Series, in her Golden Globes gown below
Claire Danes' Golden Globes Dress 2013 2012 was Claire Danes' year, from the massive success of \Homeland\ to her new baby boy with husband, Hugh Dancy. But Sunday
Megan Fox Golden Globes 2013 Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. -- Do
Justin Timberlake Announces New Album, Man Repeller Shaves 'Lady Bits' And More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS) Is she headed for Twitter jail?
Kardashian Khroma Beauty Line Draws $10 Million Lawsuit Think they should pay up this time?
Wardrobe Malfunctions Naomi is totally teasing us.
Prabal Gurung's Target Collection We're more excited about this than Valentine's Day.
Miss America Beauty Secrets Wait, what?
Critics' Choice Movie Awards 2013 Red Carpet A taste of what's to come on the Golden Globes red carpet, perhaps?
Photoshop Fail How is she even standing upright?
Marc Jacobs & Victoria Beckham Bonded Over Louis Vuitton Bag It involved a fake (!) Louis Vuitton bag.
Pat Benatar Style Evolution Back in the '80s, when MTV actually played music videos and wasn't flooded with heavily-scripted reality TV shows, Pat Benatar
Portia De Rossi Before Ellen DeGeneres (PHOTO) So chic!
Jennifer Aniston Gives Jimmy Kimmel A Haircut Live On Television (VIDEO) Did it turn out better than the time Phoebe cut Monica's hair?
Betty White Gives Kim Kardashian A Makeover (VIDEO) \There! Now you'll score...\ declares Betty.
Africa Style Profiles I'd traveled to Echo Hotel and Suites in Nigeria's former capital to chronicle Lagos Fashion and Design Week, the buzzed-about fashion show created by Omoyemi Akerele.
Ellie Caudill If asked to describe Belmont's ultimate trendsetter, I would have to say she isn't afraid to wear what feels right. She's a free spirit and dresses for herself only.
Dark Lipstick Tips For Recreating Kate Bosworth's Vampy Beauty Look (VIDEO) Think you can't rock those dark, vampy lips? Think again.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) No time to page through thousands of eBay listings? Then just sneak a peek at my weekly eBay roundup of top vintage clothing
Preserve Clothes And Save Money With These 6 Tips (PHOTOS) Woo!
News Ways To Dress To Impress In 2013 If you're in \New Year, New You\ mode, let us help with the resolution-making! Read more on Peoplestylewatch.com
Soak Away Stress With This DIY Bath Bomb Recipe (VIDEO) Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostBeauty
Statement Necklaces That Will Update Your Look For Under $15 (PHOTOS) There are a few cheap, easy ways to update your look now that 2013 is upon us. Red lipstick, cutting bangs and dying your
Kris Jenner Looks Hot In A Slinky Dress (PHOTO) No wonder her daughters like tight things ..
In Quest To Get The 'Designer' Look, U.S. Women Admit Buying Knockoffs The new statistics that will surprise you.
The Most Outrageous People's Choice Awards Dresses Of All Time (PHOTOS) So much cleavage. So, so much.
Pot Skin Care Line By Apothecanna Will Take Your Beauty Routine To New Heights (PHOTO) Lathering up versus lighting it up.
New Year, New You While you might not be able to avoid the cover charge or hangover associated with the first of the year, you can prevent buyer's remorse and save on your attire
Carolina Herrera's Style Evolution Check out these ensembles!
Kate Middleton's Style Evolution From Uggs to nude pumps, here's an exhaustive look at (almost) everything Kate's ever worn.
We're Drooling Over The C\u00e9line Pre-Fall 2013 Collection Phoebe Philo's evolution of luxurious simplicity continued at C\u00e9line for Pre-Fall 2013. Read more on Fashionista.com
Get A Great Smoky Eye In No Time Smoky eyes -- infinitely sexy, alluringly mysterious, and a total pain in the you-know-what to create. Read more on Refinery29
60s Fashion Suitable For A Trip To The Moon, Or Just, You Know, Hanging Out  (VIDEO) The models, wearing teased updos reminiscent of Twiggy and short A-line skirts, remind us of Marc Jacobs' spring 2013 collection
Rachel Zoe Heads To ShoeDazzle As Chief Stylist Alongside Kim Kardashian The fashionable twosome are finally teaming up.
Daisy Lowe Preach, sister.
Jane Seymour, 61, Stuns In A Skin Tight Bandage Dress (PHOTOS) Dr. Quinn kind of blew us away.
Ryan Gosling's Brown Gucci Suit Not sure we approve of this. Nope.
Beyonce Dry Cleans Borrowed Clothes, Returns Them With A 'Thank You' Note Seriously, if all our friends did this for us, we would be happy campers.
Jelena Abbou, Serbian Bodybuilder, Is The New Face Of MAC (PHOTO) And she's kind of awesome.
Valerie Trierweiler Embroiled In 'Bermuda Love Triangle' With Hollande's Ex Drama in the Elysee Palace!
Makeup Trends 2013 On the runway and the red carpet minimalist makeup continued to reign supreme, but on the street we saw the return of neon, the emergence of oxblood as the must-have shade for fall and, overall, an \anything goes\ approach to beauty.
Rihanna's Extensions Are Giving Us Flashbacks To 2005 (PHOTOS, POLL) Not gonna lie, we're kind of into it.
MAN Fashion Show In London Includes Black Face Paint, Driftwood & Dogs (PHOTOS) Black face paint! Driftwood! Basset hounds!
Katharine McPhee's Sheer Pants, Leather Bra Leave Us Speechless (PHOTOS, POLL) Guuuurrl.
Mathilde Thomas, Caudalie Co-Founder A couple of years ago, my mother, Dr. Barbara Polla, had the pleasure of meeting Mathilde Thomas, co-creator of Caudalie, in Paris for an article on women who created beauty brands. I remember feeling a tad envious.
Kim Kardashian Bares Major Cleavage In Sexiest Cutout Maternity Dress Ever (PHOTOS, POLL) What did you think she was going to wear, a muumuu?
How To Use Tinted Moisturizer To Brighten Up Dull Winter Skin (PHOTOS) How to ditch dull for good.
Goal Get It Grab yourself a great pen or pencil -- Z Gallerie has Swarovski crystal topped pens and pencils that are more than perfect
Diane Keaton's Style Evolution Proves That Ties, Vests & Bowler Hats Aren't Just For Men (PHOTOS) For starters, she knows that if it ain't broke...
Colored Jeans Spring is officially here, and with it comes a much-welcome wardrobe change. The bright sun and blooming flowers are the
Dyan Cannon's Style Evolution Flip through our many other style evolutions. Born Samille Diane Friesen in Tacoma, Wash., Cannon has more than 50 years
Miley Cyrus Before Bra Tops And Short Hair (PHOTO) Believe it or not, this is the midriff bearing popstar only a few years ago.
Lululemon, Nike And More Workout Clothes That Are Almost Too Cute To Sweat In (PHOTOS) Kanye's face really says it all.
Tori Nichel, Designer And 'Fashion Star' Contestant, Shares Her Natural Hair Tips It all started when I moved out to New York...
Taylor Swift, Nicole Kidman And Other Tall Celebrities Who Dress For Their Height In Style (PHOTOS) Grab a pen and paper, these are some great tips.
Liquid Eyeliner Tips Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostBeauty
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) DISCLOSURE
Polka Dots, Peplums And Other 2012 Fashion Trends That Are Here To Stay (PHOTOS) Get used to those peplums, ladies.
Casual Dresses That Take Up Zero Space In Your Suitcase (PHOTOS) Here, 11 dresses that will wow without taking up valuable real estate in your suitcase. Want more HuffPost Style beauty content
Bulgari Tax Evasion Accusations Sound Familiar... Bulgari is NOT having a happy new year.
Andrej Pejic Lands First Elle Cover (PHOTO) 2013 is his year. We just live in it.
Clear Your Wardrobe Clutter Time to roll up your sleeves and be ruthless.
Royal New Year's Banquet Includes Some Terrible Dresses, Shiny Crowns (PHOTOS) C'mon, ladies. You can do better than that.
2013 Manifesto Let us not measure success of 2013 by lists of our accomplishments and failures, money we make or lose, promotions and hard work -- don't worry, those aren't going anywhere.
What's Next for Places? There's nothing new in the need for places to grow their appeal and maintain it. Throughout history, attractive locations have acted as a magnet for people, economic activity and cultural life, which all boosted their power and attractiveness.
5 Online Dating New Year's Resolutions Worth Keeping Little-by-little, finding love online ends up moving down on the totem pole on your list of daily activities. Here are five simple dating resolutions I think you'll be able to keep, while casting your wide net.
How to Invest in Yourself I want to talk to you today about the opportunity as a woman that you have to invest in yourself. To really invest in YOU. To give yourself the opportunity to experience your dreams and desires.
Tina Fey & Amy Poehler's Sneakers Have Us Psyched For The Golden Globes (PHOTO) Reason #2753 to get excited about the Golden Globes.
Victoria Beckham And Her Sleek '90s Hair (PHOTO) You look so posh!
How Coconut Oil Can Be Used As A Mouthwash (VIDEO) Read this before making a mad dash to the kitchen.
Swimwear On Sale That Has Us Booking Our Next Beach Trip (PHOTOS) Sofia Vergara, Jennifer Aniston and more celebrities have been spotted on the beach in stunning swimwear this holiday season
StoneZone's Sixth Annual Ten Best and Worst Dressed Men and Women in the World for 2012 Like social discourse, dress has its proprieties - because of course, dress is social discourse; it speaks for us and about us.
Africa Style Profiles Roberta Annan's efforts mark her as a general in the growing army of distinguished professionals elevating African fashion from a series of spectacular runway shows to a legitimate industry.
Miranda Kerr, Kendall Jenner And 11 More Up-And-Coming Style Stars Of 2013 (PHOTOS) These ladies are the ones to watch.
Ross' Leather Pants Are Our Favorite New Year's Resolution (VIDEO) \The lotion and the powder have made a paste!\
Pregnant Kim Kardashian Does New Year's Eve In A Sheer Dress (PHOTOS) Nice maternity outfit, Ms. Kardashian.
Forms of Address If you have the chance to meet President Obama, will you know what to say? If you want to send him a letter, do you know how to address the envelope? Here are some tips on how to behave if you're ever lucky enough to meet the highest-ranking official in the United States.
Christy Turlington Burns Style Evolution Here's photographic proof.
How To Remove Glitter Makeup And Nail Polish Like A Pro Because Scotch tape just won't cut it.
Beauty Queen Sheena Monnin 'Shocked' By Ruling In Trump Miss USA Lawsuit We wouldn't be too happy about paying Donald Trump $5 million, either.
New Year's Dresses, Tops And More Sparkling Style To Ring In 2013 (VIDEO) New Year's Eve is upon us, so what to wear? This is the time to get out your sparkly dresses, leather pants, sexy tops and
Ask Michael Cohen New Year's resolutions are just too severe, and usually impulsive, having been declared on the spot, at midnight, after drinking too much champagne. No wonder they are often dropped to the wayside within a few weeks.
Lindsay Lohan's Birkin Bag Isn't Exactly Budget-Conscious (PHOTOS) She might want to reconsider this accessory.
Are Uggs Really That Bad? (PHOTOS) Admit it
In Defense of New Year's Resolutions If you listen to the resolution-haters, we resolution-makers are a forlorn lot; apparently we should develop our objectives throughout the 52-week cycle rather than engage in the inane exercise of making the end of year a time of reflection and goal setting.
Virginia Alder, Flight Attendant, Reveals Her In-Flight Beauty Approach Dry skin is so 2012.
Cindy Crawford And Her 'Unforgettable' Red Lips (PHOTO) We bow down to you, Cindy!
Elizabeth Taylor's New Year's Eve Tradition Elizabeth Taylor's New Year's Eve at home during our \fun years\ in the sixties consisted of family, fashion, and food.
Austria Royal Wedding Just two crazy Austrian kids in love.
New Year's Style Resolutions For 2013 (PHOTOS) This is one of them.
When Is Kim Kardashian's Baby Due? Let's Take A Look At Her Outfits Of The Past 12 Weeks (PHOTOS) Oh, not much, just scrutinizing all these pics for any sign of a baby bump.
Vanessa Hudgens' Church Outfit Has An Olsen Twins Vibe (PHOTOS) Hey, at least there was no sheer lace involved.
New Year's Eve Nail Art Ideas From Pinterest (PHOTOS) Chances are you have a silver or gold glitter nail polish stashed underneath your bathroom sink or inside a barely-used makeup
Empty Target Shelves, The Little White House And More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS) ... the free beauty swag piles up.
Cher And Her Signature Shiny, Straight Hair (PHOTO) How is it so shiny?
Olivia Palermo And Johannes Huebl Are The Hottest Thing At The Beach (PHOTOS) Who says socialites can't get steamy?
Miley Cyrus And Lena Dunham Show Off Their Christmas Style And More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS) Hint
Wardrobe Malfunctions Let's just say the sheer trend isn't anything new.
New Year, New You Holiday season is nearly over and if you've enjoyed yourself, chances are your pants are a little tighter than they were earlier this fall. With dozens of cleanses out there, I conducted a side-by-side comparison of several to start the year on the right foot.
Kanye West Wears Crystal Maison Martin Margiela Mask At Revel Concert (PHOTOS) Things are starting to get weird ...
3 New Years Eve-Worthy Updos For Short, Medium And Long Hair (VIDEO) How to get Nicole Richie's chic waves for the big night.
Steven Kolb Marries Jay Inkpen In City Hall Ceremony (PHOTO) Mazel tov!
Jennifer Lawrence Shows Off Her Underwear For Marie Claire South Africa (PHOTO) Could she BE any hotter?
The Pursuit of Perfection What if we had a second date? Would that require another round of intensive prep... was this my new normal? I was conflicted
Justin Theroux's Shorts Are The Sexiest Jorts We've Ever Seen (PHOTOS) \u266b He's too sexy for his jorts. Too sexy for his jorts. So sexy it huuuurts. \u266b
Herbal Essences To Reintroduce Old Bottles, Scents In 2013 (PHOTOS) We used to use the pink one!
J. Crew's Alligator Purse Costs A Cool $1,500 (PHOTOS) And it's made of WHAT?
Matte Black Is the New Chrome What becomes cool and hip today is no longer limited to form and function -- the statement of color has as much to do with what people want as it does with user needs, and designers are following suit.
Funny Photoshop Fails Of 2012 (PHOTOS) Whoops.
To Post or Not to Post Photos on Facebook Posting photos on Facebook has replaced baseball as America's favorite pastime for some digital-enthusiasts and everyday people. When Instagram came on the scene, celebrities embraced the photo-sharing site and Facebook grabbed it for $1 billion.
Jessica Alba's Pedicure Flip-Flops Aren't Exactly Supermarket-Appropriate (PHOTO) Would you wear these in public?
Teenage Princess Diana Stuns In Little Black Dress In 1981 (PHOTO) Her first official engagement with Prince Charles? Nailed it.
Celebrity Beauty Advice Want Miranda Kerr's glowing skin? According to the Australian model, a dab of lip balm around eyes is an instant brightening
The Best Fashion Spreads Of 2012 Fashion is always looking for the next big thing\u2013and that means photographers, models and magazines are continuously pushing
Fashion Predictions For 2013 Okay, confession
The Loveliest Dresses Of 2012 What better way to wrap up 2012 than with a look back at the year's loveliest dresses? Read more on InStyle.com
Keira Knightley, Jessica Alba And More Stars Wear The Perfect New Year's Eve Makeup (PHOTOS) When it comes to getting ready for New Year's Eve, finding the perfect dress is usually at the top of every woman's to-do
Donna Summer Style Evolution Curls, boas and sequins galore!
Mary Tyler Moore Style Evolution Mary Tyler Moore is best known for her roles in the '60s and '70s TV classics \The Dick Van Dyke Show,\ and as one of the
Miley Cyrus Really Changed Up Her Style In 2012 From posh to punk, all eyes were on Miley.
New Year's Eve Are crowded bars really anyone's idea of a good time?
Nicki Minaj, Kim Kardashian Top This Week's Worst Dressed List (PHOTOS) Some things never change.
Target + Neiman Marcus Collection On Sale After Just 3 Weeks (PHOTOS) The Target + Neiman Marcus collection is already on sale. What happened?
Best-Dressed List See our best-dressed picks for the week.
13 Trends We Hope Die Out In 2013 (PHOTOS) NO. MORE. NEON.
Elle Fanning Tries Out The Varsity Trend (PHOTOS) When will she have her awkward phase?
Miley Cyrus' Striped Pants Are Channeling 'Beetlejuice' (PHOTOS) Looks like someone mixed up Christmas and Halloween.
Do Most Hotel Spas Deserve 5 Star Status? If a client is not dreaming about their next treatment with the same therapist or planning how to return to that spa as soon as possible, then consider the ball as dropped.
Maggie Smith Has Always Been Equal Parts Class And Sass (PHOTOS) You may know Maggie Smith best as the charmingly haughty Lady Grantham on \Downton Abbey,\ but the British actress has been
Kate Middleton's Style Isn't Always Fabulous, Hence These Lame Outfits From 2012 (PHOTOS) Even princesses make some fashion mistakes.
Beauty Street Style We're pretty excited about this one, TBH.
13 New Year's Eve Dresses To Ring In 2013 (PHOTOS) High slits? High five!
Patricia Field \She is selling exact replicas of our VOGUE hat as part of her tour merchandise!!!!\
Three Mistakes You Must Avoid When Choosing a Mentor Choosing a mentor is a critical part of stepping into the next level of your life. So how do you avoid the top three mistakes when choosing a mentor?
How One Woman Slowly Turned Her Parents' Entire House Into Her Own Closet (PHOTOS) Very few of us have FIVE rooms in our house dedicated to our wardrobe.
When Did Wedding Dress Shopping Become Such A Drag? Do you think Kate Middleton had a hard time finding her wedding dress?
Halle Berry And Her Amazing Complexion (PHOTO) She has the most perfect skin ever.
The 1-Minute Party Ponytail That's Perfect For New Year's Eve Things are looking up for your New Year's Eve.
Dry Skin Tips ...and keep them soft all season long.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) Please note that Zuburbia does not endorse the use of fur, feathers, leather or animal skins in fashion. These selections
How Credit Card Fraud Shed A Light On How Much Money I'd Been Spending Skateboards, sneakers, and even electronics will make somebody very happy this Christmas, compliments of my Visa.
President Obama's Hawaii Vacation Wardrobe Leaves Much To Be Desired (PHOTOS) Pleated pants are a no-no, Mr. President.
Kendall & Kylie Jenner's Christmas Gifts Include Celine, Christian Louboutin & Balenciaga (PHOTOS) Ready to be really jealous?
Jennifer Aniston's Christmas Outfits Are Beach-Appropriate (PHOTOS) All she wants for Christmas are tan lines.
Vogue's 2012 Covers Were Colorful, Model-Filled & Totally Awesome (PHOTOS) Which is your favorite?
Jackie Kennedy Onassis Stuns In A Long Printed Dress (PHOTO) Getty Images In this 1974 photo, Jackie Kennedy Onassis arrives at a dinner in honor of politician Averell Harriman looking
Best Street Style Of 2012 We're feeling really sartorially inadequate.
How To Spend Holiday Gift Cards From Amazon, Walmart & More (PHOTOS) Ready, set, shop!
Best Mascara 2012 No more clumps!
Fix Smudged, Chipped Nails With These Five-Second Tricks (VIDEO) No, really!
British Royal Family's Christmas Walk Is A Fashionable Outing (PHOTOS) But where were William, Harry and Kate?
'Mean Girls' Jingle Bell Rock Outfits Are Still Our Favorite Christmas Costumes (VIDEO) Because the key to a merry Christmas is latex and thigh-highs, right?
Rihanna, Katy Perry And 26 More Stunning Celebrity Beauty Looks Of 2012 (PHOTOS) Here's the makeup and hair we're copying in 2013.
My One-Sided Love Affair With Madonna Is Over (PHOTOS) Is the queen of reinvention done reinventing?
Christina Huffington Reveals The Secret To A Perfect Blowout (PHOTO) Christina Huffington tells us how she gets that impossibly bouncy hair.
Beyonce Vogue Cover Coming In March 2013, Rumor Has It Pretty please, Anna Wintour!
'Dressing The Queen For starters, she ALWAYS wears underwear.
Ashley Tisdale & Vanessa Hudgens' Christmas Outfits Are Making Us Cold (PHOTO) We bet Ms. Darbus wouldn't approve.
Suri Cruise Has The Best Winter Wardrobe, Christmas Wish List (PHOTOS) She also has a rather impressive Christmas wish list that includes Louis Vuitton and diamonds.
Christmas at the White House (PHOTOS) No matter how much we may imagine them now as marbleized icons of history, even presidents and first ladies enjoy searching out the ideal gifts to give loved ones at the holiday season, and sometime delight with an equal degree to receive them.
DIY Nail Art Hint
Gift Guide 2012 So easy even Lonely Boy can figure it out.
I/O Denim Denim has been reinvigorated as an industry in recent years, particularly with menswear focused brands like Naked & Famous, Baldwin Denim and Raleigh Denim, but I/O strives to be well suited for the tech junkie...or at least the guy who's hand is glued to his iPhone.
Best & Worst Beauty Of The Week Yikes.
iPhone Cases, J.Crew Catalogs And More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS) One of our editors thinks so...
The 4 Best Last-Minute Christmas Gift Ideas Scrambling to shop for that last relative, significant other or hard-to-buy-for friend? We're here to help.
Going Fabulous or Going Barefoot? How many pairs of shoes does a woman need? Ten pair, a hundred pair or a thousand pair?
5 Christmas Outfits To Take You From Opening Presents To Church To A Large Family Dinner (PHOTOS) For starters, don't wear this.
Susan Lucci Style Evolution Think column dresses, cleavage and a lot of hairspray.
Nicki Minaj, Katy Perry And 27 More WTF Red Carpet Moments Of 2012 (PHOTOS) The looks that STILL have us shaking our heads.
Playboy Bunny Costume Gets A New Sari-Inspired Look For India (PHOTOS) \My biggest challenge fell below the waist,\ says the designer.
Obama Christmas 2012 And, yes, FLOTUS looks impeccable after a redeye flight.
Lady Gaga Shops The Sale Rack, Lena Dunham Has A Photo Shoot Malfunction And More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS) Hint
Wardrobe Malfunctions Photos Girl, how many times do we have to tell you to go a size up?
Kristen Stewart's Year In Sheer, Short and Cropped Outfits (PHOTOS) We've seen A LOT of the actress in 2012.
Kelly Osbourne's Bikini Cover For Cosmopolitan Body Is... Glowing (PHOTO) *squints closer*
Christina Aguilera & Britney Spears' 2012 Year In Style (PHOTOS, POLL) Let the heated debate commence!
Get Organized In Style With These Planners And Calendars For 2013 Let's not get carried away with all of this Armageddon hype. While we firmly believe in carpe diem, 2013 is coming at us
Photoshop Fail Scaaaaary.
The 2012 Stars Of The Fashion Industry Who stood out in fashion this year? Read more on Fashionista.com
And The Best Shoe Of 2012 Is... In a year that was filled with covetable shoes, Isabel Marant's wedge sneaker took the win for the It shoe of the year. Read
4 Ways to Shape Up Your Image in the New Year! Brand yourself early. Identify and reevaluate your strengths often. And, if needed, hire a professional to help you spruce up your profile.
Carla Bruni Guest-Edits Vogue Paris' December/January 2013 Issue (PHOTOS) From model to first lady to... Vogue's r\u00e9dacteur en chef?
Britney Spears Finally Looks Amazing On 'X Factor' Finale (PHOTOS) This is the way the world ends... with a lovely Britney dress.
Walmart Beauty Magazine, BeautyScoop, Created By Conde Nast (PHOTOS) This small magazine is being powered by the most unlikely of partners.
Last-Minute Gift Ideas From Walmart, Target And Other Retailers (PHOTOS) We have the answers.
Calming Scents, Like Lavender And Chocolate, Prove Helpful For Holiday Stress (PHOTOS) #bestnewsever
Cranberry Beauty Products To Indulge In This Holiday Season (PHOTOS) Good for you -- and your skin.
Love Shoes? Then You'll Love Alejandra G If diamonds are a girl's best friend, then shoes are her close bffs. And like finding your bffs in real life, you have to find one that is a perfect fit. But how can one decide when there are so many to choose from?
Best-Dressed List This week's best-dressed list proved that leather (or faux leather) really is better. Stars like Stacy Keibler and Kylie
Worst-Dressed List Let's just say that this wasn't the best few days for divas.
Gifts For Mom Right around this time, you're probably running around, trying to finish up your holiday shopping for everyone on your list
Model Files Happy Holidays from VFILES! In this special holiday episode of Model Files, Preston searches for that special someone to bump into under the mistletoe.
Anne Hathaway, Beyonc\u00e9 And More Of The Best Celebrity Hair Makeovers Of 2012 (PHOTOS) Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostBeauty
Jane Fonda Style Evolution And all those years of exercise certainly paid off, as Fonda shows off her age-defying body these days in curve-hugging gowns
Jennifer Aniston's '90s Look Is Still In Style (PHOTO) We would still wear this look today.
Style Swap Jessica described her style as being inspired by the 1950s, with an affinity for tailored items. She said, \I lost my mother
Beauty Street Style Do the math.
Royal News 2012 From fake guns to nudie pics, here are the most memorable royal moments of the year.
6 Gifts To Put A Smile On My Mom's Face This Christmas (PHOTOS) How has it happened that a week before Christmas, I have blown my budget on too many presents for my family?
I Dress Dowdy As Hell During The Holidays Because My Family Doesn't Get My Style It seems my family was unimpressed with my acid wash jeans and rainbow-colored kicks.
Amazon, Costco And Other Retailers Offering Last-Minute Shipping Deals Before Christmas (PHOTOS) Phew!
Best-Dressed & Worst-Dressed Stars Of 2012 Get Us Talking On HuffPost Live (VIDEO) Agree or disagree with our picks? Vote below. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr
Its a Small World in Gstaad (PHOTOS) Young career women take note
Boobypack Bra Has Pockets To Stash Your Phone, Money, Maybe Your Dignity (VIDEO) Taking the \stashing stuff in your bra\ concept to a whole new level.
Modeling Advice It is so very important for a model to maintain his or her health. We work in a very physically demanding profession and what we bring to the table, besides our charm and charisma, is in fact our physique.
Nicki Minaj, Christina Aguilera And The 16 Other Worst Celebrity Beauty Looks Of 2012 (PHOTOS) *shudder*
Cara Delevingne Lands DKNY Campaign, Has Officially Arrived Stateside (PHOTOS) As if being linked to Harry Styles AND Prince Harry wasn't enough...
Model Kitchen, Cookbook By Real Models, Launched By Cesar Casier Introducing the first model cookbook, \Model Kitchen.\
Kim Kardashian Bangs The best part is -- wait for it -- we actually like it.
Forbes 30 Under 30 Fashion Stars You mean you DIDN'T have your own fashion label at 26?
Plastic Surgery As many consider rejuvenation procedures in 2013, non-surgical and surgical options will both be weighed -- as well as where to go for certain procedures
Gift Guide 2012 We asked around...and came up with the best list.
Michael Strahan Teeth Below, ten stars who haven't fixed their teeth. Now we have yet another reason to love him
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) DISCLOSURE
Candice Bergen Dresses For Her Dream Job (PHOTO) Bergen fell in love with the field while she was studying at the University of Pennsylvania. It was at the same time that
10 Dresses To Avoid This Christmas (PHOTOS) Better hold off until Valentine's Day.
Bunionplasty When considering bunionplasty, it is important to not only consider how the foot will look but also how it will function.   Take the time to learn about the methods available to fix your bunion, and you will be that much better off.
Netiquette We're in the middle of the holiday season and whether you've been naughty or nice this year, there are still some basic rules of netiquette to adhere to.
Shania Twain's Catsuit & More Stars Who Wore Sexy Sparkly Jumpsuits In 2012 (PHOTOS) Who would've guessed Shania Twain and Kristen Stewart would wear the same look?
Is It Really That Bad To Sleep In Makeup? Dermatologists Tell Us The Truth (PHOTOS) Don't look at us; we NEVER do this. Nope.
Guns Germs $teal Pop Up in LA In the realm of men's wear, there aren't too many stories that haven't been told before. However, in the case of LA-based brand Guns Germs $teal (GG$), nothing comes standard.
The Rockettes Talk Best Red Lipsticks, Soothing Swollen Feet And Other Beauty Secrets (PHOTOS) Our beauty editor got the ladies of Rockefeller Center to talk red lipstick and swollen feet.
Gift Guide 2012 Finding great, locally-made items isn't as hard as you think.
Glamour Girl Rita Hayworth Tries A Menswear-Inspired Look (PHOTO) Asos Bow Tie, Asos Shoes, Betsey Johnson Bag, Madison Hill Glen Plaid Pants, Dorothy Perkins Blouse, Blu Byblos Top Shop
Rashida Jones Takes Her Style Very Seriously (PHOTO) Just check out this outfit.
Grace Coddington Talks About Her Memoir, Bad Manners, Balenciaga And, Of Course, Anna Wintour In Rare Interview We sit down for a rare interview with Vogue's iconic creative director.
Dear Christian Louboutin, You're Giving Me Bunions Dear Christian Louboutin, You're giving me bunions.
Holiday Jewelry Doesn't Mean A Sleigh-Bell Necklace Is In Order (PHOTOS) Not sure how to come up with different- yet-merry outfits for the countless parties you have to attend this holiday season
'Gossip Girl' Series Finale A look back at the fashion of our favorite Upper East Siders.
Bloomingdale's, Red Carpet Manicure And More To Follow On Pinterest This Week (PHOTOS) Follow them...NOW!
Gwen Stefani Vogue Cover For January 2013 Confirms Singer's Comeback (PHOTOS) So does \hollaback girl\ means \girl who makes a lot of comebacks\ then?
Miley Cyrus Wears Two Revealing Outfits At 'VH1 Divas' (PHOTOS, VIDEO) So much midriff.
Kate Middleton Appearance At BBC Sports Awards Marks First Post-Hospital Engagement (PHOTOS, VIDEO) She looks SO good.
Christina Aguilera's Style Evolution Blast from the past.
Kourtney Kardashian Shows Moms Up Everywhere (PHOTO) Mamas, take note!
DIY Nail Art Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostBeauty
Meryl Streep In Her Younger Years With Red Hair (PHOTO) Should she try this color again?
Best & Worst Beauty Of The Week Not all makeup is created equal.
Carey Mulligan Wears Valentino Armor Dress To A Gala OK guys, let's just settle this once and for all.
Mariah Carey Beauty Flashback, Discounted Michael Kors Shoes And More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS) Once a diva, always a diva.
Elle Starts Filling The Holes In Its Masthead, Announces New Hires With the departure of a chunk of Elle.com's team this spring, followed by the departure of accessories editors Kate Davidson
Pippa Middleton 'Today' Show Hosting Gig On The Table, Reports Say We really hope she engages in awkward banter with Matt Lauer.
Get Kristen Stewart's Fully Rimmed Eyeliner Look Kristen Stewart has a tried-and-true formula for beauty
Party Dressing Tips From Nina Dobrev's Stylist Instead of slipping into your favorite little black dress for your next holiday party, take a chance with color. Ilaria Urbinati
Kirsten Dunst Does Minimalism Right (PHOTO) Less is definitely more.
Freida Pinto's Bright Smile Is Her Best Accessory (PHOTO) Take notes, ladies!
Kelly & Ozzy Osbourne Bond Over Nails, Cher Has A Crush On Gollum And More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS) Funny coincidence
Christmas Sales 2012 Last minute shoppers rejoice!
Wardrobe Malfunctions Photos SMH, Carmen Electra.
Michelle Obama, Samantha Cameron Ring In Holiday Season With Children (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Holiday sweaters! Adorable kids! Bo Obama!
Rooney Mara Goes Dark And Sheer On The Red Carpet... Again (PHOTOS) Haven't we been through this before?
Fiona Apple's Minimalist Ensemble Is So Good It's 'Criminal' (PHOTO) Shop the look and check out more from our A Look Back archives
Glenn O'Brien, Writer Of Brad Pitt's Chanel No. 5 Commercial, Explains Himself (VIDEO) \Brad\u2019s got a good sense of humor...\
Jessica Alba & Honor Wear Matching Outfits Again, Are Adorable (PHOTOS) We're totally doing this when we have kids.
Chapped Lips Remedy Definitely the worst thing about winter.
Most Stylish Couples Of 2012 Yes, KimYe made the list. Deal with it.
Poppy Delevingne In The Perfect Day-To-Night Ensemble (PHOTO) Yes, it's this easy.
How To Get The Undercut Hair Style Without Shaving Your Head (PHOTOS) Step 1
Cory Kennedy, Cobra Snake \It\ Girl, And Her Life After Rehab (VIDEO) But don't worry -- her killer style remains.
Holiday Office Party Tips From Your Gay Best Friend One of the great things about being a freelancer is that you are not obliged to attend any holiday office parties, but when a dear friend begged me to be her plus one at her advertising agency Christmas soiree, I had no choice but to say yes.
Iman's Unexpected Color Combination Is Brilliant (PHOTO) Iman strikes again!
Beauty Street Style Find out her secret!
Julianne Moore Has Flawless Skin (PHOTO) CBS via Getty Images Art by Raydene Salinas Topshop sweater, Ulta brush, Clinique face powder, Trish McEvoy eye pencil Shop
Kim, Khloe, Kourtney And More Kardashian Style Time for a report kard.
HuffPost Sweaters 6 years of cozy HuffPosters.
DIY Embellished Headband To Dress Up Your Holiday Hairdo (VIDEO) Which means more money to spend on gift shopping!
Best Men's Colognes Of 2012 What to buy for your man... and for yourself.
Fashion Design Student Style When I teach students, I tell them they must always wear their own clothes everywhere they go, even out grocery shopping, and promote their art and themselves as a package.
Elizabeth Soljak Designs Wedding Dresses for the Independent Bride This week, I sat down the New Zealand designer, Elizabeth Soljak, to talk about her romantic designs and vintage-looking clothes that transcend time.
Kanye West's Leather Skirt Looks Familiar... (PHOTOS) Much ado about a man in a leather skirt.
Sarah Burton On Making Kate Middleton Maternity Clothes Alexander McQueen maternity wear for Kate? Yes, please!
Michelle Obama 2012 Campaign Trail Fashion All the bright prints, kitten heels and brooches that are fit to print.
Holiday Dating Being single at the holidays is emotional for most, but it also gives you the chance to reflect on relationships of your past. If you're thinking of reconnecting with a former love at the holidays, you're not alone.
How Changing My Style (And City) Changed My Life (PHOTOS) \Dress like the person you want to be,\ I mouthed to myself one morning.
Practical Purchases Chicagoans are the friendliest people I have encountered in any city. What Chicago lacks in attitude and excess, both characteristic of NYC and L.A., it makes up for in \Midwestern Charm\ and sensible street style. So what exactly is Chicago style?
Worst-Dressed Stars Of 2012 Better luck next year, ladies.
Gift Guide 2012 Umm, duh. Every lady loves a new pair of kicks.
Miranda Kerr For Mango! Pop quiz
The Perfect Hair For Holiday Parties It's officially the holiday season which means-parties galore! Want to do something festive with your locks that doesn't
The Best Mini Dresses Of 2012 The year is steadily coming to a close, and it's time to look back on some of the sartorial moments that had us completely
Kristen Stewart Talks Balenciaga, Being Accepted By Fashion World To Marie Claire Australia (PHOTO) Looks like the typically brooding actress decided to play nice.
Makeover Video As a female pilot, hours of flying can bring with it some unique beauty challenges. The hot condition of the cockpit (as
Plus-Size Lingerie Photo Shoot GORGEOUS.
American-Made Baby Gifts Get Luxe for the Holidays This year, giving the gift of luxurious, American-made items is easier -- and chicer -- than ever. Here are my top 10 picks for the most mod baby gifts and shopping destinations for handcrafted items.
Makeover Video The transition from college life to a new career has many challenges. For law student Amelia Hochman, those challenges include
Kim Kardashian Accessorizes With A Kitten (PHOTO) Meow!
Beyonce's Makeup Artist Says The Star Buys Fur Lashes 'By The Ton' Here comes PETA...
Royals With Dogs Trust us
Anne Hathaway On Flashing Photographers At 'Les Miserables' Premiere \They saw everything. I might as well have lifted up my skirt for them.\u201d
Holiday Gift Guide 2012 The makeup products you've got to get -- er, give -- this holiday season.
Marie Osmond Looks Pretty In Purple (PHOTO) Do you have a style story idea or tip? Email us at stylesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address
Are You Feeling Left Behind? Are you feeling behind? There are so many women I talk to every day that say, \I feel like I'm never going to catch up. I feel like no matter what I do I'm never going to get there.\
Change My Mind Read on to see where you stand as these two dapper duelists get to the bottom of this break debate. Trends and styles come
Your Holiday 2012 Fashion Horoscope Will Help You Shop Wisely (PHOTOS) Find out what's in store for you this holiday season.
Eva Herzigova Pregnant With Third Child At 39 We did not see that one coming.
Why I Struggle With Wearing Red Red is everywhere. It is nearly impossible to avoid, especially during the holidays. I dare say that even the little black dress is red this time of year. So call me crazy when I say that I'm just not in the zone -- the red zone that is.
Princess Charlene Aces Camel Look During Christmas Celebration For Monaco Children (PHOTOS) If it ain't broke...
Rachel Zoe's Fashion Line Dropped From Saks Fifth Avenue Stores First Selfridges drops her, now Saks Fifth Avenue...
Travel Wardrobe Essentials for Women I have compiled a list of \must-have\ wardrobe staples that I think are wardrobe basics that cover the basics and take you anywhere and everywhere.
Pippa Middleton Book Launch Dress Is A Misguided Attempt To Channel Kate Middleton (PHOTOS) The duchess' little sister has some 'splaining to do.
How Taking A Bath In Public Made Me More Confident I had to strip down and face my tall, lanky frame -- what better place to do it than a bathhouse?
What Women Want What do women want? It's really not a mystery anymore, thanks to the burgeoning area of sexual selection research. To attract the attention of the females of the species, all you need to do is...
Holiday Travel One carry-on suitcase. That's all I take, regardless of destination or length of trip. You can do it, really you can. Don't be tempted to take a larger suitcase... you'll have to stand in line to check it, and then you'll risk it being lost in transit.
Fashion Trivia Quiz Can you get them all?
Amanda Seyfried Talks Going Nude, Her Bikini Line To InStyle (PHOTO) Way to keep it real, girl.
Don't Let Cloudy Jewelry Ruin Your Holiday Sparkle You've taken your best outfits to the cleaner and made an appointment with your hairdresser. Now, ask yourself
No Doubt And Fred Perry Team Up For Collaboration (PHOTOS) Say it ain't so!
5 Tips for Stress-Free Holiday Style During the holidays, it's all about parties and get-togethers with friends and family. With all of these events on the horizon, it can be a daunting task to get the right looks.
Brigitte Bardot-Inspired Hair Is Hot for the Holidays One holiday party look that I really love is the classic Brigitte Bardot. Almost every woman can wear this look, or a version of it. It is sexy, soft and fun to wear, but at the same time it is classic and timeless.
Kate Winslet Wears A Fascinator To Hong Kong International Races, Reminds Us She's British (PHOTOS) No, seriously.
Nobel Prize Ceremonies 2012 It's an epic (polite, royal) fashion showdown.
Beauty Street Style You won't believe it's not face wash.
Katy Perry And Octavia Spencer Swear By Spanx, And You Should Too (PHOTOS) Spanx you very much.
Neiman Marcus, StyleLikeU And More To Follow On Pinterest This Week (PHOTOS) You're welcome!
Holiday Handbags That Are Just Big Enough For A Few Bottles Of Booze (PHOTOS) The holidays mean shopping for gifts, preparing for guests, and, if you're lucky, getting ready for a warm-weather getaway
The Go-Go's Make Colorful '80s Makeup Cool (PHOTO) Journey with us way, way back. To the '80s.
Kate Middleton's Pregnancy, Cameron Diaz's Street Style And More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS) Hint
Olivia Wilde Shines In Gold (PHOTO) We're totally wild for this look. (Get it?)
Best & Worst Beauty Of The Week Emma and Amanda won us over this past week.
Prince William Attends Winter Whites Gala As Kate Middleton Recovers (PHOTOS) Prince William quips, \They should call it all day and all night sickness.\
Gwen Stefani Marie Claire UK Being a singer, mother AND clothing designer is time-consuming work.
Coco Rocha Channels Austin Powers, Britney Spears Gets Snappy With Simon Cowell And More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS) As usual, the Brit doesn't mince words.
Tory Burch Looks Good Enough To Walk Down The Runway (PHOTO) Or at least her style seems to be doing more than OK.
Wardrobe Malfunctions Photos Jessica Biel's strappy number is making us nervous.
Kate Middleton Prank Call \These people aren't machines. They're human beings.\
Gwyneth Paltrow's Sparkly Boots Prove That She Can Pull Off Anything (PHOTOS) Is there anything she can't wear?
Pregnant Royals Show Off Maternity Style The big question
Donald Trump Endorses Anna Wintour Ambassadorship News that President Obama is reportedly considering Anna Wintour for a plush ambassadorship to the UK or France sent strongly
Keira Knightley Nails A Weekend Outfit (PHOTO) Let's all take a good look at Keira Knightley's outfit, shall we? It's simple, not too thought out, and, best of all, it's
Topshop Could Soon Open 50 Stores In The U.S. This week, Sir Phillip Green finalized a deal with Leonard Green & Partners to sell a 25% stake in Topshop and Topman. So
Judi Dench Style Evolution Who knew Judi Dench was so ahead of the curve?
Carla Bruni-Sarkozy I like to believe that although Carla Bruni does not call herself a feminist, she is a feminist indeed. After all, feminism is the embracing of autonomy, choice, voice and power.
Emma Stone Reveals Acne Struggles, Accutane Use Yet another reason to love Emma Stone...
Spas and the New Agenda If you run a four- or five-star hotel spa and the topics of changing demographics, social media and the increased spending power of the new spa client is not on your list of talking points, you may be setting yourself up for failure in the new year.
Must-Have Men's Holiday Underwear (PHOTOS) This season, men's underwear saw an infusion of captivating neon colors, sophisticated designs and a handful of underwear designed just for the holidays.
Brittany Snow Looks Adorable In Polka Dots (PHOTO) ...as always.
Eyebrow Makeover It turns out, brows really can change your entire face.
Susan Dey Style Evolution Launched by a '70s sitcom, this lady had it goin' on.
Lindsay Lohan Selling Her Own Clothes For Cash? It involves selling the clothes off her own back.
Gisele Gives Birth To Baby Girl Gisele finally confirms she's pregnant... by having a baby.
White House Tree Lighting Photos Plus... President Obama sings!
Best Nail Polish Colors Of 2012 Maybe we should give our nails a breather... Nah!
Jayne Mansfield's Killer Eyebrows (PHOTO) Hint
Katy Perry Launches Color Pop False Eyelashes All you need is this one thing.
Fashion Whip If your holiday party is at the White House, that is.
The Holiday 'Spirits' When journalists ask us about holiday stationery trends, we're finally going to be ready with our one word answer
Long Hair Tips Whenever anyone has a trick for helping hair grow faster, we listen. Lucky for us, hair architect Keith Campbell had lots
Kate Middleton Is Pregnant, So Which Maternity Clothes Will She Be Wearing? (PHOTOS) What fashion we can expect from the Duchess while she's got a bun in the oven.
Beauty Street Style This tip really works!
Best-Dressed List *standing ovation*
The Reason That I Wear Fur (PHOTOS) Here's my reasoning.
Ellie Goulding Has Wardrobe Malfunction In Sheer White Dress (PHOTOS) White dress + camera flash = WHOA THERE.
Kate Upton Scores Vogue UK Cover For January 2013 (PHOTO) Thought you'd seen the last of Kate Upton? Not so fast.
Kate Middleton Leaves Hospital With Prince William After 3-Day Stay For Hyperemesis Gravidarum (PHOTOS) \I'm feeling much better, thank you.\
Ellen Burstyn Style Evolution Or a kimono for that matter.
Valentino Discusses Muses and Memories in London The exhibit, which meticulously and beautifully displays the trajectory of Valentino's success spanning over five decades, is planned to run through March 2013.
Rachel Zoe & Cameron Diaz Over? Not Exactly... The one couple we really hope doesn't break up...
Miss America's Favorite Things From 2012 I can't believe it's been almost a year since I was crowned Miss America 2012. Since last January, I have been on the road almost every day visiting all corners of the country and meeting the most inspiring people.
American Apparel Ads 'Sexualize' Child Models, Rules Britain's ASA Here we go again, American Apparel...
Kate Middleton Hospital Prank Yes, this actually happened.
Miranda Kerr's Tip For Keeping A Man Unsurprisingly, it involves underwear.
Alek Wek Makes Us Swoon (PHOTO) Orange has never looked this good.
Divine Inspiration While the average woman won't be stripping down to her skivvies alongside Justin Bieber on national TV this December, the holiday party season calls for scene-stealing glamour and a hint, if not a generous helping, of sex appeal.
Best Moisturizer Of 2012 Trust us, we've tried them all.
Dianna Agron's Tan Is So Dark We Barely Recognized Her (PHOTOS) What happened to you, Quinn Fabray ?
Holiday Nail Art Inspired By Michael Kors, Marc Jacobs And Alexander McQueen (VIDEO) Meanwhile, Miss Ladyfinger reveals how to get our hands on Chanel without breaking the bank. Want more HuffPost Style beauty
Gwyneth Paltrow InStyle UK Cover Looks Like She Got The Photoshop Treatment (PHOTO, POLL) Please tell us she doesn't have three legs.
Rita Hayworth, Dancer And Actress, In A Little Black Dress (PHOTO) We know it's early, but you have to get a jump!
Agnes Moorehead Style Evolution Many little girls dreamed of being Samantha Stephens on \Bewitched.\ Who wouldn't delight in the ability to wiggle one's
Pippa Middleton & James Middleton Visit Kate In The Hospital (PHOTO) We hope Pippa brought Kate a girly care package of gossip mags and nail polish.
Anne Hathaway's Dress At The 'Les Miserables' London Premiere Is Befuddling (PHOTOS, POLL) It's so... floppy.
NYC Holiday Shopping Brings This Designer Uptown and Downtown There is something truly unique about New York City around the holidays. Every year, my family and I head into Manhattan to spend the day skating (for my boys), shopping (for me) and stopping by a few of our favorite spots.
Uma Thurman's Bohemian '90s Look (PHOTO) Even when playing a drug-addict and gangster's girlfriend.
The Ten Thousand Hours It Takes to Become Well-Dressed Certain men may be born with the kind of physique and charisma for which great clothes make the perfect pedestal. But they still have to practice dressing. They have to develop the faculty for what looks good on them.
Erase Dark Spots With These Four Simple Skin Care Tips (VIDEO) ...all thanks to this four-step skin care process.
Designer Monique Lhuillier On Plus-Size Bridal Style, L.A. Style And That Nicki Minaj Dress (PHOTOS) We asked. She talked.
We Gave This New Mom A Makeover...And She Looked Stunning (PHOTOS) From drool to cool. Get it? Okay.
Maria Sharapova Serves Up Our Dream Ensemble (PHOTO) We wish we could trade outfits.
Cindy Crawford Without Makeup In Malibu (PHOTO) Work it, Miss C.
Alessandra Ambrosio Sports Tighty-Whitey Men's Underwear In New Shoot (PHOTOS) Marky Mark called, he wants his underwear back.
'Pink Loves Consent' Underwear Spark Victoria's Secret Confusion, Garner Positive Reaction -- UPDATE (PHOTOS) We had a healthy amount of skepticism ourselves.
Suit Yourself Picking out one's first suit is a rite of passage and we're here to help. With so much out there, we turned to our resident
Kardashian Khroma Beauty Line Faces More Legal Troubles Can't a Kardashian catch a break?
Marisa Miller Poses Pregnant & Topless For Allure.com (PHOTOS) Marisa Miller bares her belly (and more, of course).
Kate Middleton Pregnant Kate Middleton is finally expecting a baby! Wheeeeee!
Fashion Folk Find out more about Vivienne Tam's design process, and how the connection between fashion and technology has furthered her brand and conversation with her customers.
How One Casually Dressed Friend Got Me To Reconsider My High-Maintenance Style (PHOTOS) Thanks to a good friend, I've gained a new appreciation for practical style.
Anne Hathaway Continues Her Short Hair Tyranny On Glamour January 2013 (PHOTO) Any chance you're growing it out, Annie?
Shania Twain, 47, Stuns In A Jeweled Catsuit During First Concert In 8 Years (PHOTOS) Get it, girl.
Damien Hirst & The Row Backpack Leaves Us Literally Speechless (PHOTOS) Sometimes we truly don't understand the twins' fashion sense.
Kate Middleton's Pregnancy Stop the fashion presses -- KATE MIDDLETON IS PREGNANT!
Princess Diana's Pregnancy Taking notes, Kate Middleton?
Princess Diana Martin Bashir Interview \There were three of us in this marriage, so it was a bit crowded.\
The Best And Worst Celebrity Male Facial Hair (PHOTOS, GIVEAWAY) The best and worst in celebrity male facial hair.
The New Rules for Online Dating Don't focus on your life story. Too often, I see profiles that resemble a novel rather than a brief peek at your personality. The word count is so high that it's a huge turn-off to daters.
Best Red Lipstick 2012 ...according to us.
Cup of Tea? For Your Hair! Many of you already know teas (specifically black and green teas) are high in antioxidants. But did you realize that tea can also be beneficial to your hair growth and used as a natural highlighter/colorant?
November's Best Beauty Finds It may have been the power of suggestion, but Dermelect's \ME\ peptide-infused nail color really does seem to fortify my nails. I haven't suffered any of the breakage or flaking that usually plagues my fragile nails while wearing it.
Travel-Friendly Beauty Products To Pack When Flying High (VIDEO) Paparazzi not included.
Best BB Creams Of 2012 There's something \magical\ going on inside these bottles.
Miranda Kerr, Victoria's Secret Angel, And Her Killer Style (PHOTOS) Fun fact
Beauty Street Style This model thinks so.
Dick Clark Style Evolution In celebration of what would have been Dick Clark's 83rd birthday on Friday (November 30th), we're taking a look back at
Kate Middleton Channels '70s Halston With New Angled Bangs ...without getting all scissor happy.
Charlotte Neuville Creates Divine Desserts for Barneys Internationally renowned fashion designer Charlotte Neuville has had a long career trajectory. At the urging of her friends, she took her lifelong love of food on her next journey.
Barbra Streisand Stands Out In Leopard At A Chanel Fashion Show (PHOTO) #fierce #nailingit #etc
Solange Knowles Wears A Romper, But Looks Anything But Childish (PHOTO) The hip mama does it again.
Katy Perry Don't be silly, Katy -- you're gorgeous.
Sarah Ferguson Is Style Triplets With Beatrice & Eugenie In London (PHOTOS) ... is full of princesses.
The Most Hydrating Foods For Dry Skin And Hair Survey says
Alicia Keys' Style Is Certainly On Fire (PHOTO) Great lipstick Mrs. Keys.
Kendall And Kylie Jenner When They Were Just The Kardashians' Baby Sisters (PHOTO) A look back at Kendall and Kylie Jenner's (fairly recent) pasts.
Kate Middleton & Prince William Look Glowing, Flawless In Cambridge (PHOTOS) Clear eyes, new hair, can't lose.
Katy Perry Tries A Glittery Cape Gown At A UNICEF Ball The singer pulls a Gwyneth -- but with glitter.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) THOSE BOOTS.
Frida Giannini, Gucci Creative Director, Expecting A Baby WIth Gucci CEO This kid's style is going to put us all to shame.
Yoko Ono's New Clothing Line For Opening Ceremony Is Brain-Meltingly Weird (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Does your dude need some ventilated ass trousers? How about a balls sweatshirt?
Michelle Obama Gets Glittery With Bo To Unveil The 2012 White House Holiday Decorations (PHOTOS) Bo's ready to deck the halls!
An Inexpensive Winter Clutch Bag That Doubles As An iPad Sleeve (PHOTOS) Really!
The 2012 British Fashion Awards Everything is better in England, if slightly more damp, and the style is no exception. Read more on Thefrisky.com
100 Holiday Dresses For Under $100 Grab your jewels, open some champagne, and put on your dancing shoes
The Mini Skirt You Can Wear In The Office If we always followed the rules, we'd have never tried dresses over pants, or white jeans after Labor Day...or a miniskirt
Evangeline Lilly Debuts Dramatic Hair Makeover At 'Hobbit' Premiere (PHOTOS, POLL) We didn't recognize her. At all.
Michael Jordan's Cargo Shorts Get Him In Trouble At Golf Course As cargo shorts are wont to do.
Selita Ebanks Unofficially Retires From Being A Victoria's Secret Angel Bye bye, Victoria's Secret Angel!
Miley Cyrus Is Wearing Doc Martens, So Is Grunge Back? (PHOTOS) Exhibit A
Holiday Gift Guide 2012 For those who live for style.
What You Should Know About Making Holiday Shoes Comfortable Thanksgiving kicks off the holiday season, and with that comes the dilemma -- what shoes can I wear for more than 15 minutes that are stunning, stylish and comfortable? What a daunting task.
Why I'm Not Giving Presents This Christmas (PHOTOS) Call me a Scrooge, but I refuse to buy Christmas presents this year.
Pat McGrath Dares Us To Wear Swarovski Crystal Eye Makeup This Holiday Season (PHOTOS) One makeup pro is daring us to go the distance.
I'm 35 and I've Had Braces for Over a Year Why I made the leap and had my mouth filled with metal.
A Holiday Party Dress For Every Shape, Sequins Included (PHOTOS) Sequin up in the frock that's right for your shape.
James Middleton Debuts Facial Hair (PHOTOS) Will Kate approve of this?
Pirelli Calendar 2013 Photos Something's really different about the new Pirelli Calendar...
Pippa Middleton's High-Waisted Skirt Has Us Confused (PHOTOS) It's like magic!
Brad Pitt Defends Those Horrible Chanel No. 5 Ads In Brad's defense.... no, those commercials were pretty weird.
Lara Stone Pregnant The Dutch model was almost unrecognizable -- in a good way!
Shopping With My Granddaughter, Ruby After more than 25 years in the fashion industry, you would think that I would have defined a consistent and singular sense of personal style by now.
Dolly Parton's Backwoods Beauty Tips The original Backwoods Barbie.
Kirsten Dunst Makes A Science Fair-Ready Outfit Look Cool (PHOTO) How to make a science fair-ready outfit look awesome.
Pauly Shore, Daisy Fuentes And More MTV VJs Then & Now (PHOTOS) Back when MTV actually played music videos.
Princess Beatrice Looks Cute In Erdem At The British Fashion Awards (PHOTOS) Get it, girl.
Kate Middleton Stuns With New Hair, Old Green Dress At London Natural History Museum (PHOTOS) Are those... BANGS?
Ryan Gosling Is Eva Mendes' Best Accessory Ever (PHOTO) Hot couple alert!
Michelle Obama Election Night Dress Copy Sells Out In 2 Days Because the rest of the world responded with a resounding, \Um, YES.\
Do Straight Guys Think The Leggings As Pants Look Is Hot? We Asked Them! \Call me old fashioned, but I'm the kind of guy who likes a little mystery.\
Princess Diana's Dresses Go On Display At Kensington Palace In London (PHOTOS) The dresses on display will include a black silk shift evening dress by Versace, a black and white cocktail dress by Bellville
European Line SuperTrash Debuts in Downtown NYC Downtown NYC has a hip new neighbor
My Style Inspiration As founder of TSBmen.com, Dan Trepanier draws inspiration from more than just the world of fashion when it comes to deciding
Kendall Jenner For Miss Vogue Australia We thought we'd never live to see the day.
Obama Family Thanksgiving Weekend Filled With Holiday Shopping, Christmas Trees (PHOTOS) Well, we feel lazy now.
OPI, The Beauty Department And More To Follow On Pinterest This Week (PHOTOS) Who to follow for the fanciest fingers.
Justin Bieber Overalls Deep breaths, guys.
Anne Hathaway Hathaway opens up about her super short haircut.
Britney & Jamie Lynn Spears Shopping Trip Raises The Question Really, Jamie Lynn Spears?
Dannielynn Birkhead, 6, Models For Guess Kids (PHOTOS) Anna Nicole Smith's daughter follows in her famous footsteps.
Pippa Middleton Named 'Sinner Of The Year,' Capping Off Less-Than-Stellar Year It's not what you think. Well, kind of.
The Manly Pursuit of Desire Why does this beautiful, nostalgic (OK, maybe phoney nostalgic, but even phony nostalgia has its place) time that reaches back somehow into the childhood of every man, woman, dog, and cat, have to be about shopping mania?
The Power Of Persuasion I let a saleslady play with my heart.
Skyfall and the James Bond Sartorial Tradition The problem in Skyfall in a nutshell? Daniel Craig's slim-cut suits are too tight, too narrow shouldered and too small. At 5-foot-10, they make him look smaller.
Your Brain on Fashion Anti-intellectualism of all kinds rankles me. But anti-intellectualism about fashion also tires me. Fashion anti-intellectualism is so closely linked to anti-women systems of thought and feelings that I can hardly tell them apart anymore.
Tyra Banks Is Barely Recognizable In WestEast Magazine Cover Shoot (PHOTOS) We barely recognized this famous model.
Illamasqua Blackface & Whiteface Makeup Ads Spark Backlash (PHOTOS) Do you find this offensive?
Carla Bruni To Vogue The supermodel gets candid... like, really candid.
It Ain't Easy Being Rad In my 23 years experience of being a fat chick, I've come to the conclusion we fall into 3 groups.
DIY Nail Ideas From Cirque Du Soleil And More Of Our Manicures From This Weekend (PHOTOS) You won't need to jump through hoops to copy this look.
Reddit 'Horrified' By Photos Of Obese Mannequins In Store That Dares To Model Large Body Types (PHOTO) Reddit was certainly not amused.
Nine West Shoes, Lil Bub And More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS) He was sooo cute!
Meg Ryan, 'When Harry Met Sally' Star, And Her Fabulous '90s Hairstyle (PHOTO) Don't tell us you've never considered it.
Kate Middleton, Prince William Attend A Rugby Match (PHOTOS) We're super jealous.
Beauty Best & Worst Of The Week All hail Scarlett Johansson, Queen of the Red Lipstick.
Pumpkin Beauty Products To Treat Your Hair, Skin And Nails (PHOTOS) You could use your leftover Thanksgiving pie as a face mask OR you could just buy these.
Kris Jenner Er, really?
Angelina Jolie, Actress, In Her Younger Years (PHOTO) But we did learn that those lips aren't fake.
Lindsay Lohan's Scary Cutouts, Kesha's Underwear And Other Wardrobe Malfunctions Of The Week (PHOTOS) Pantsless looks are just disasters waiting to happen.
How to Shop on Cyber Monday and Not Be a Hot Mess If you can't be bothered with hitting a mall and you love a great deal, the internet is truly your BFF. I don't do Black Friday, but I do love Cyber Monday.
Miley Cyrus Reveals What She Wants For Her Birthday, Rachel Zoe Injures Herself And More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS) Er, good luck with that...
Black Friday Deals 2012 And other amazing deals you can cash in on from the comfort of your couch.
Kate Middleton's Pregnant, Prince Charles Is Gay & More Juicy Royal Rumors Kate Middleton's pregnant, Prince Charles is gay and more...
Marianne Faithfull Goes Biker Babe For A Movie Role (PHOTO) ...she also dated Mick Jagger.
Comfortable Clothing To Wear On Thanksgiving 2012 (PHOTOS) And totally perfect for your turkey coma.
The 10 Greatest Airports For Shopping Thanksgiving week is one of the busiest travel weeks of the year in the US. Combine larger-than-usual crowds with the potential
3 Amazing Outfits For The Holiday Season A festive cocktail dress is always a safe choice for the holidays. Read more on Fabsugar.com
Teresa Palmer Keeps It Simple -- But Still Looks So Good (PHOTO) Turns out, you don't have to wear leggings and Uggs at the airport to be comfortable.
Everything You Need to Know About Seoul Fashion Week Despite the fact that the moniker \Seoul Fashion Week\ hasn't been in use for more than 5 years, the Korean fashion industry has been on the international scene for far longer than that, although very much behind the scenes.
MTV's Catfish It doesn't surprise me that singles looking for love online on MTV's Catfish have their hopes at an all-time high, but I wonder, why wait so long to meet in real life if you think you've found your soul mate?
Tina Turner Style Evolution ...and they involve a whole lotta leg.
Kim Kardashian's Leather Leggings Show Us The Inherent Problem With The Garment (PHOTOS) Yikes!
Chinese Girl, 21, Wears Dress Made Of Money (PHOTO) That's so money.
Lindsay Lohan vs. Charlize Theron Time to step up your game, Lindz.
Lindsay Lohan's 'Liz & Dick' Premiere Dress Is All Sorts Of No (PHOTOS) This dress is giving us a headache. Oy.
Patience Is A Virtue With These Beauty Products Long wait. Big payoff.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds See what great stuff you can score right now.
Fashion Trivia Quiz See if you can ace our weekly Fashion Trivia quiz.
Iman Looking Fierce, Long Before David Bowie (PHOTO) Apparently not.
Dear TSA You won't find any weapons or explosives in my curly 'fro.
Le1f and Boody, 'Soda' (VIDEO) 
Goldie Hawn Style Evolution Throw back!
Gwen Stefani Rocked The Sheer Trend Back In The '90s (PHOTO) ...B-A-N-A-N-A-S.
Thanksgiving With the Blonde in the Brown Jacket If you find yourself awakened by a foul-tempered neighbor in the hallway of an apartment building known for its vermin, be as pleasant as possible. Especially if it is Thanksgiving and you have a diamond ring in your jean pocket.
Kim Kardashian, Rihanna And More Celebrities Who Travel In Style (PHOTOS) I'll be flying home for the holiday in leggings, thank you very much.
Rain Phoenix, Former Red Hot Chili Peppers Backup Singer, Shows Off Her Tomboy Style (VIDEO) We're seriously jealous.
Ilana Hochman, Law Student, Goes From Sneakers To Sleeker With Not-Boring Workwear Makeover (PHOTOS) From sneakers to sleeker! (Or something like that.)
Jamie Lee Curtis Style Evolution Hint
Dry Skin Lotion Challenge We tested 9 popular lotions -- see how they stacked up.
Get Perfect Curls In Under 5 Minutes With A Clipless Curling Iron (VIDEO) Seriously, this works!
Holiday Giving What is the emotional context of the gift?  What is the message you want to convey?
Anne Hathaway & Kristen Stewart We did not see this one coming.
Madonna Nude In New 'Truth Or Dare' Fragrance Ad, Surprises No One (PHOTO) Seriously?
Joe Biden Birthday Photos of you and Sasha Obama still make our hearts melt.
Jennifer Lopez When She Was Still 'Jenny From The Block' (PHOTOS) Check out those abs!
Beauty Street Style Less is still more, guys.
Jessica Biel's Silver Suit Thing Has Us All Confused (PHOTOS, POLL) Oppa grandma style.
Julianne Hough Hits A Fashion Home Run (PHOTO) This is fashion gold.
Dominique Dawes Style Evolution Looks like the two have been trading more than fitness secrets.
Michelle Obama Returns In A Printed Dress, Kitten Heels (PHOTOS) Kicking it stateside.
President Obama Wears Traditional Shirt In Cambodia, Looks Awesome (PHOTOS) Werk it, POTUS.
What The HuffPost Style Staff Bought This Weekend Ain't nothing like a little retail therapy.
Kate Middleton Is Pregnant, Claims Her 'Close Friend' Jessica Hay Why it's different this time.
Stress-Free Holiday Dressing With the holidays being a stressful and busy time of the year, dressing can turn into a whole other complex that can eat away at your confidence and add stress to an already challenging time.
Women in Business First impressions are crucial, especially when you're trying to get potential investors on your side. And when you walk into that all important pitch meeting, the first thing everyone sees, before you even open your mouth, is the way you're dressed.
Rihanna's Best Music Video Beauty Looks ...and many, many hair colors.
Uniform Style Here's what our editors wear all the time. All the time!
Kate Middleton Returns Clothes Kim Kardashian Sent Her, Source Says This is the best thing to ever (er, supposedly) happen.
Princess Charlene Celebrates Monaco National Day In An Akris Coat Dress (PHOTOS) Charlene of Monaco is getting more princess-y by the day.
Nicki Minaj AMA Dress Nicki has a slight problem.
Christina Aguilera At The AMAs Does she pull it off?
American Music Awards 2012 Red Carpet So much blonde.
Rachel Zoe vs. Snooki Now that The Rachel Zoe Project and Jersey Shore are winding down, with these two reality show divas be going toe-to-toe -- or head-to-toe -- competing for styling work?
Beauty Best & Worst Of The Week Now THAT'S how you rock bubblegum pink lips.
Kate Moss Talks About Her Million Dollar Tattoo To Vanity Fair (PHOTOS) Don't worry, guys, there's a good reason.
Princess Charlene Goes From A Red Cross Ceremony To A Chef's Gala Dinner, Dresses Accordingly (PHOTOS) Ah, to be a princess...
Jessica Biel's Amazing Look Proves That Married Life Agrees With Her (PHOTO) Well hello, Mrs. Timberlake!
Marion Cotillard Gets Handsy On The Cover Of W Magazine (PHOTO) Also
Girl Scout Cookies, Karl Lagerfeld Eats McDonald's And More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS) We can't believe it either.
Christopher Kane To Helm Balenciaga, Reports Say The plot thickens!
Liberty Ross Goes Topless In A Suit At Kate Moss' Book Party (PHOTO, POLL) And it's kind of an important one.
A Closer Look At The Anna Karenina Costumes With Oscar-Nominated Designer Jacqueline Durran Anna Karenina marks the third time costume designer Jacqueline Durran has teamed up with director Joe Wright and the film's
Rachel McAdams's Best Beauty Looks (PHOTOS) There is very little not to love about Rachel McAdams. From Mean Girls to The Notebook, the actress has shown that she can
12 Gifts For The Ultimate Fashion Girl In Your Life Gift-giving is never an easy feat, especially when it comes to finding that perfect present for your fashion friends. You
Isla Fisher Channels Old Hollywood Glamour (PHOTOS) Red lipstick never looked so good.
Wardrobe Malfunctions Photos Beware midriff-baring, Christina Ricci!
Victoria Beckham Shares A Cute Family Photo, Kelly Osbourne Gets A Note On A Barf Bag And More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS) Spoiler alert
Why Fashion-Related Judgment Is Damaging and Unnecessary The next time you feel yourself judging someone based on dressing choices alone, pause. Consider how much information you're using to form your opinion, and what you're gaining by scorning or praising that person.
Harriet Selwyn Harriet Selwyn died on October 18th, surrounded, as she was in life, by her beloved posse. A \force of nature\ aptly describes the woman, who helped bring L.A. women onto the fashion scene.
Sofia Coppola Was Just As Stylish At 20 As She Is Now (PHOTO) See this smokin' hot star's look we love.
Worst-Dressed List How about no.
Kristen Stewart vs. Kate Moss It's a MAJOR SMACKDOWN. An EPIC BATT -- Ok, fine, just tell us whose dress is better.
Eduard Erlikh 
Alicia Silverstone Leaves 'Clueless' And Her Knee-High Socks In The Past (PHOTOS) Alicia Silverstone sure has grown up!
Vaunte.com Brings Luxury Consignment Shopping Online Is that a Chloe bag? For HOW much? OMG.
Jennifer Aniston & Justin Theroux Match Again, Look Adorable (PHOTOS) Is this the best couple or what?
Gap Black Friday Sale 2012 The outlets included!
Shopping for Sandy Shopping on your payday can be dangerous. But, shopping for a good cause is even more dangerous, because every time you hesitate on a purchase you can justify it as, \It's for a good cause.\
Nordstrom Black Friday Sale 2012 Is Offering Promotional Prices On MAC, Chanel And Tory Burch (PHOTOS) Nordstrom is giving shoppers some amazing deals this Black Friday, but they are specific, so get focused. The national retailer
Best-Dressed List Who nailed it this week? We've got you covered.
3 Ways To Get Great Hair While You Sleep (VIDEO) We think \Sleeping Beauty\ was on to something.
Bloomingdale's Black Friday Sale 2012 Gives Us Another Good Reason To Spend Some Money (PHOTOS) As if we needed another reason to step into the hallowed halls of one of New York City's most renowned retailers, Bloomingdale's
Daisy Fuentes Style Evolution Because who doesn't miss high-waisted 501s, cropped tees and flannel shirts?
Chris Benz Accused Of Stealing Picture By Photographer Jessica Nichols (PHOTOS) Compare the original photo to Benz's designs
Tyra Banks' 'Smizing' App Makes Us Look Like Aliens (PHOTOS) It made us look like aliens.
Why I'm Happy I Never Got A Nose Job \You have a nose like this,\ the little girl told me, and drew a Pinocchio-like schnoz. I cried.
Kate Middleton & Prince William's Engagement Was 2 Years Ago! (PHOTOS, VIDEO) It's been two years already??
Wearing it Right Walk down any urban street in America and you\u2019re bound to be inspired. From the five boroughs of New York City to the streets
Why Men Wear Beards In the late 17th century, Peter the Great, Tsar of Russia, ordered men to shave in order to bring Russia closer to modern Europe, and went so far as to collect a tax on beards. There is no shortage of opinion on beards today.
I Won't Quit Online Shopping... That Is Until I Go Broke (PHOTOS) An intervention by Iyanla Vanzant won't save me!
Rob Kardashian's Sock Line, Arthur George, Debuts At Neiman Marcus, Hurts Our Eyes (PHOTOS) They're bold and loud. Remind you of anyone?
These Women Should Have Made Vogue's Best Dressed List Every year, Vogue names the ten best dressed women of the year\u2013and every year, we think they overlook some obvious well-dressed
No Need To Throw Away Your Broken Makeup Overstuffed purses or just plain clumsy moments can lead to pulverized powders and chopped ChapSticks. Read more on Bellasugar.com
Get Inspired With These Amazing Street Style Snaps It's official
Tie DIY For every type of tie comes a ton of ways to tie it. Unless, of course, you\u2019re still relying on cheesy clip-ons or amateur
Carla Bruni Headphone Ads For Parrot Put Her In A Class With Kate Upton (PHOTOS) We were just as surprised as you are.
6 Ways To Wear A Blazer Without Being Boring The secret to feeling \instantly polished.\
Sarah Jessica Parker Before 'Sex And The City' (PHOTOS) We can't believe it either.
Lauren Pope Hits 'Twilight' Premiere In A Garbage Bag-Like Dress (PHOTOS) We're weirdly obsessed with this bag-like dress.
Disney & Barneys Unveil 'Electric Holiday' Windows In New York (VIDEO, PHOTOS) Minnie Mouse danced with Sarah Jessica Parker -- jealous much?
Lara Stone Pregnant Gefeliciteerd to the happy couple!
Macy's Black Friday Sale 2012 Smells Like Prada (PHOTOS) Black Friday just got a little sweeter. A little sweeter smelling, that is. To commemorate its one-year anniversary, Prada
Kate Middleton Pretty Much LOLs At Kim Kardashian Tea Invite We hope, hope, HOPE this is true.
Emma Stone Shines In Sequins (PHOTOS) We are obsessed with her skirt.
8 Black Friday Shopping Tips You Need To Know Before Going To The Mall (PHOTOS) Ready, set, shop!
My Clear Braces Nightmare (PHOTOS) Teens like Malia Obama handle having braces so well. I, on the other hand, was the WORST.
Liza Minnelli Sports A Fall Style That's Award-Worthy In this 1970 photo Liza grins for the paparazzi as she steps out in a swoon-worthy fall look. With her matching gray suit
Dual-Textured Hair At Cynthia Rowley, Rag & Bone And More Spring 2013 Shows (PHOTOS) Seriously, this is a thing.
Rihanna, Kim Kardashian And More Wear Thigh-High Boots, But We Aren't So Sure Of This Trend (PHOTOS) Julia Roberts would be proud.
Plus-Size Models Magazines don't care about plus-size fashion and they just want to gain attention from the naked fat girls in their magazines. Clothes just get in the way of that agenda.
People's Sexiest Man Alive Who can resist mullets and iced tips?
Do You Need To Use Toner? Top Derm Clears Up This Lingering Skincare Question The one skincare product we don't really understand.
Why I Don't Always Wear Clothes That \Flatter My Shape\ Bandage dresses? Nooooo thanks.
Diane von Furstenberg In A Luxe Fall Outfit (PHOTOS) Pacific Coast News WHAT
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) Chanel, Dior and Gucci, oh my!
Amazon Black Friday Sale 2012 All of this lead up to Black Friday has us feeling like, \ready, set...wait.\ We are anticipating major deals (and maxing
10 Style Faux Pas Guys Need to Stop Committing Right Now (SLIDESHOW) It's been said that clothes make the man, and if that mantra holds any weight, a lot of men have some explaining to do. While
A Breath of Fresh Art We discovered Rabbit Air at this year's Dwell on Design, where we were convinced that the products were a form of electronic
How To Grow Thicker Eyebrows Like Emma Watson And Camilla Belle  (VIDEO) The secret to getting that Kate Middleton brow.
Tamara Beckwith Flashes Underwear (PHOTOS) That guy in the background seems to be totally OK with it.
When Did My Husband Become More Stylish Than Me? (PHOTOS) While my personal style was devolving, my husband's was reaching new, luxurious heights.
Photoshop Fail What all the aliens will be wearing for fall 2012.
Lea Michele Dons Crop Top On Tonight Show, Describes Her Zebra Spray Tan (PHOTO, VIDEO) Let's just say that it involved spray tan and dog pee.
Giulia Sarkozy Steps Out With Carla Bruni In Ballet Slipper Tights Bonjour, petite princesse!
Alanis Morissette Ditches Her Tough Image For A Softer Look (PHOTOS) Some looks never go out of style.
My Mother Is Finally Going Natural... With Her Hair (PHOTOS) Things have gotten a bit smoother (literally!) since she's made this change.
Fashion Trivia Quiz It's OK, we didn't know either. Take the rest of our Fashion Quiz!
Kourtney Kardashian Knows How To Dress Her Petite Figure In Style (PHOTO) Petite girls, take note.
Camel Coats To Keep You Toasty This Winter (PHOTOS) Just follow Lindsay Lohan's lead.
I Regret Selling My Wedding Shoes On eBay (PHOTOS) I had the perfect thing to complete the fairy tale... and then I sold it.
L'Wren Scott, Michelle Obama Designer And Mick Jagger's Girlfriend, Debuts Her Eyewear Line (PHOTOS) But she doesn't need them anyway.
Lena Dunham, Selena Gomez & More Honored At Glamour's Women Of The Year Awards (PHOTOS) We totally wish we could've done the same thing.
Kristen Stewart Nude Dress Stuns At 'Twilight WHOA. Whoa.
Keira Knightley Topless For Allure, Discusses Boobs At Length (PHOTOS) \I was only angry when they were really droopy.\
David Cameron's Wardrobe Malfunction Is Pretty Embarrassing (PHOTOS) Well, this is awkward.
Debbie Harry Rocks Out In A Pink Ensemble During The Early Days Of Blondie (PHOTO) Debbie Harry, you're our idol.
Holiday Card Etiquette Like a good pair of jeans, paper greeting cards are a must for anyone's stationery wardrobe. Here are some guidelines for sending holiday greeting cards.
Heidi Klum Hosts MTV Europe Music Awards In 8 Versace Dresses (PHOTOS) When you're hosting the EMAs, it's nice to have Versace on speed dial.
Anne Hathaway Poses For Vogue Cover With Her Pixie Cut Intact (PHOTO) The star -- and her super short hair -- land a Vogue cover.
European Music Awards 2012 Taylor Swift pulled a Taylor Swift. But what about everyone else?
Single in the City Tired of reading accounts by Western women journalists who visit Islamic countries, then write lengthy articles complaining about the \great suppression\ and \discomfort\ of the abaya, I am here to write in defense of the abaya.
Why Fat, Plus-Size Fashion Bloggers Have Creative Style Yes, of course, there are some amazing, original bloggers, but there are an awful lot of girls who choose to dress exactly the same, with long ombr\u00e9 hair and floppy hats and Jeffrey Campbell Litas.
Kate Middleton, Princess Diana & More Royals Wearing Sunglasses (PHOTOS) These shades rule. (Get it?)
Beauty Street Style If you can bear not to drink it... put it in your hair!
Barbara Palvin Victoria's Secret model? Check. Harper's Bazaar cover girl? Check. Jealous yet? CHECK.
Jimmy Choo Panda Handbag It has Swarovski crystals in the shape of a panda, FYI.
Mandy Moore Knows How To Run Errands In Style (PHOTO) We wish we looked this chic grabbing coffee.
Beauty Best & Worst Of The Week Who needs some major lipstick help?
Kate Middleton Attends Remembrance Day Ceremony In Military Style Outfit (PHOTOS) The Duchess of Wardrobe Recycling aces another look.
Mary Kate Olsen & Olivier Sarkozy Get Cozy At A Knicks Game (PHOTOS) Get a room, guys.
Wardrobe Malfunctions Photos That could not have been comfortable.
Kim Kardashian Steps Out In London Wearing A Plunging Velvet Jumpsuit This isn't the best way to land that lunch date with Kate Middleton, just saying.
Gwyneth Paltrow Unveils Max Factor Ad &  Discusses Posing As 'The Writer' (PHOTO, VIDEO) This is as Gwyn as it gets.
Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez Split While the tween world rejoices, we bid adieu to Jelena's signature looks.
Tyra Banks Says That Booty Is Back, Rihanna Shows Off Half Naked Pictures And More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS) \Booty is back!\
Celebrating Fall (and Halloween) After Hurricane Sandy Most of us in New York City were not able to celebrate Halloween (though I know of a few who ventured out in the darkness). But for those of us who are still feeling ghoulish, here is a roundup of accessories to commemorate the event.
Bond Girl Naomie Harris Greatest Red Carpet Moments (PHOTOS) See what makes Naomie Harris one sexy, stylish spy.
Great Global Style in Rio de Janeiro and at Sao Paolo Fashion Week I just recently completed a trip to Brazil to explore their two emerging capitals of fashion and style
Now That Women Rule Fashion, What to Expect Gone are the days when women were tortured by all-male creations
The Straight Nope Or man-holsters? Holstims? What the eff are these things called? Does it matter? Have these made it out of Southern California yet? Words fail me to truly describe how dumb these are.
Birchbox's Katia Beauchamp Dishes On Bringing Beauty To Your Mailbox How open people are to the concept of discovery retail. While we had great responses during our initial beta test, we never
How Will Climate Change Affect What We Wear? Surprise! It Already Has As temperatures rise... revenues fall. See who's getting hit the hardest.
Beyonce's Style Before She Was Mrs. Jay-Z (PHOTO) Remember this trend?
7 Fall Runway Nail Trends To Freshen Up Your Manicure (PHOTOS) ...just in case you're still reaching for that same shade of red or pink polish.
Makeup Bars Has the pressure to look perfect become so intense that an at-home makeup job doesn't cut it anymore?
A Jolt of Color Uber makeup artist Dick Page was in San Francisco recently for an appearance at Nordstrom as the artistic director of Shiseido. He brought with him a team of Shiseido makeup artists to add color to the more than 230 women who came to the event.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) This week's selections include pieces by YSL, Christian Lacroix, Elizabeth Arden and Dalton.
Devon Aoki Pregnant With Her Second Child (PHOTO) We're keeping our fingers crossed for another Harper Beckham.
Vogue Hommes Japan Folds We're rending our meat bikinis in mourning.
Nora Zehetner Mixes Prints Like A Pro (PHOTO) WHERE
Rope Braids All it takes is just two simple twists.
Diana Ross Is The Ultimate Diva In A Scarf And Hoops (PHOTO) This soulful girl had some serious style.
North Face And Patagonia Make Killer Fleece Jackets, But Here Are Some Other Warm Alternatives (PHOTOS) Stay cozy, look cool.
A Conversation With Club Monaco's Designer Aaron Levine Since taking over the design reins for the men's division of Club Monaco, Aaron Levine has made the label more than just a stop for wardrobe basics. He's made it a resource for updated classics, the kind that merits the eye of street style bloggers.
Mary Hart Style Evolution Clearly a fan of consistency, on-air personality Mary Hart established her signature look early on
Susan Foster on Designing Jewelry, Dating and Style Susan Foster is a fine jewelry designer who has been featured in Vogue (UK edition) several times in the past year. She works with precious gems, recognizably her own style, her pieces are very delicate yet bold.
Is There Such Thing as 'Relative Etiquette?' Everyone has two sides of their families. Often people are more close to one side, while they could go a decade without seeing. And that's just fine. Life happens, and for whatever reason, rifts occur and people move on and separate from the herd.
RuPaul Sashays Mitt Away, Tavi Gives Props To Ohio And More Election Night Tweets RuPaul gives Mitt Romney a fabulous send-off!
Claire McCaskill's Daughters Are Pleasant Surprise At 2012 Election (PHOTOS) Who knew Missouri was so stylish?
Ann Romney Election Night 2012 Au revoir to Mrs. R.!
Michelle Obama Election Night 2012 Get ready for four more years of FLOTUS fashion...
Sarah Palin Shows Up In '80s Hair, Frosted Lipgloss For Fox News Election Day Appearance (PHOTO) Hello, mall hair!
M.I.A. And Versace Teaming Up For... Something (PHOTOS) Come to think of it, Donatella and M.I.A. just might be a match made in heaven...
Beyonc\u00e9, Naomi Campbell And More Stars Show Us How To Wear Graduated Bangs (PHOTOS) It's time you matriculated (get it?) to a fresher set of fringe.
Elizabeth Olsen Proved That Messy Hair And Effortless Style Run In The Family (PHOTO) This Olsen has style!
Rihanna, Selena Gomez And More Celebrities Wear Leggings, So Are They Really That Bad? (PHOTOS) Other than the possibility of a camel toe, that is...
Julianne Moore & Olivia Wilde Wear Almost The Same Dress At The ACE Awards (PHOTOS) Shouldn't someone have done something about this?
eBay, Stylebop And More Online Retailers Are Donating Proceeds To Hurricane Sandy Victims (PHOTOS) Check out these stores and websites that are donating proceeds to #Sandy victims.
Fashion Trivia Quiz We bet you can't get them all!
The Olsen Twins Channel John Lennon (PHOTO) Double the cuteness!
'Forward' On November 6, general elections are held in America, and we'll soon know who will be the next president of the United States. This is just a recap, a five-minute read, of the main points of dissent between the two presidential candidates.
My Hairdresser, My Self I can hear him before I see him. I hear the front door close, keys are set down on the counter...
My Mother-In-Law's Big, Fat Gypsy-ish Wardrobe (PHOTOS) When velvet and lace are the only two fabrics in your closet, you're bound to look like this.
Eyeliner Icons Ladies, take note.
EU Attempting To Ban Chanel No. 5, Miss Dior Perfume Ingredients Brad Pitt is not going to be pleased.
Christina Aguilera Sports Bright Pink Braided Hairstyle (PHOTOS) Xtina's hair color
Michelle Obama Dons ASOS Africa In O Magazine's November Issue (PHOTO) And we're totally loving it.
Kim Kardashian Says She Wants To See Kate Middleton During Her Trip To The U.K. Hey, stranger pairings have happened.
Lena Dunham Tweets Her Voting Outfit On Election Day -- Send Us Yours! (PHOTOS) Lena Dunham went with oversized sunglasses -- send us your Election Day outfit!
Channeling Sade Sade's red lips and slicked-back hair get remixed.
Get Booty Beautiful With A DIY Facial Treatment (VIDEO) In the latest edition of weird beauty news...
Rumer Willis' Bikini Is So Taylor Swifty (PHOTOS) Bruce and Demi's daughter gives Taylor Swift's signature style a try.
Pamela Baris do Nascimento, Brazilian Model, Dies During Liposuction Was foul play involved?
Victoria's Secret Saves National Guard During Hurricane Sandy Power Outage Raise your hand if you would like to be given CPR by an Angel.
Kris Jenner Style Evolution Yup, that's the reality TV mommy in a bathtub.
Nun Habits How women of the cloth display their own fashion sense.
Gwen Stefani Kind Of Looks Like A Hotel Porter But We Dig It (PHOTO) Common, she looks cute.
Beauty Street Style That's a work of art right there.
Prince Charles & Camilla Tour Australia & Papua New Guinea, Meet Kangaroo (PHOTOS, VIDEO) OMG BABY KANGAROO ALERT.
Balenciaga, Nicolas Ghesqui\u00e8re Parting Ways After 15 Years What's Kristen Stewart going to wear now?
Cher Rocks A Biker Look In The '80s (PHOTO) Getty Images Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle
Victoria Beckham Wears Flats... And The World Doesn't Stop Turning (PHOTOS) We've received word that hell has officially frozen over.
Is Kate Moss Running A Marathon? (PHOTO) Or is this a new style that we weren't aware of?
Beauty Best & Worst Of The Week Florence's braids FTW.
Hurricane Sandy Style, Halloween Makeup And More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS) Yah, we had to whip out our baseball caps.
Gisele Bundchen Bikini Pictures Ok, seriously, how is it possible to look this good?
Kristen Stewart Wears A Bra-Top On The Red Carpet (PHOTOS, POLL) Fine, it's a trend. Whatever.
Pippa Middleton Book Shots fired (back).
Lady Gaga Recovers From A Weird Halloween Party, Kim Kardashian Shares Costume Pics And More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS) We should have guessed that her late night snack of choice was meat.
Kate Moss Talks Self-Esteem & Sizes Up Her Modeling Competition Let's just say that there are a few supermodels with burning ears...
Where To Find Pippa Middleton's Red Kate Spade Coat Hot off a successful book launch, Pippa Middleton celebrated with a night out at Lulu's nightclub in London. The party planner
Victoria's Secret Fashion Show To Feature Cara Delevingne, Jourdan Dunn On The Runway The British are coming!
Anna Piaggi Dazzles In Final Photoshoot For W Magazine When W started planning a tribute to fashion originals for its 40th anniversary issue, it obviously looked to the fashion
How To Volumize Flat Hair (VIDEO) Flat hair got you down? You're hardly alone. As many fine-haired ladies can attest, having limp, lackluster locks can be
Wardrobe Malfunctions Photos Dear celebrities, less is not always more.
Underwear Fit for a Blackout Underwear brands have been continually jumping on the glow-in-the-dark underwear train this year, and it appears for good reason. Check out some of our favorite glow-in-the-dark underwear for your next blackout.
Rihanna's Outfit Is The One That We Dream About All Day (PHOTO) The queen of cool does it again.
Coach Wins $257 Million In Internet Counterfeiting Case Those C's are no joke.
CMA Awards 2012 Taylor Swift wore -- *gasp* -- sparkles.
Scott Schuman And Bill Cunningham Are Not The Best Of Friends For better or worse, Scott Schuman always has an opinion that he has no problem sharing, in tactful or, erm, not-so-tactful
Are These Trends Worth Trying? SKULL SCARVES Stash your ratty old pashmina in favor of a wrapper with a little more edge. Read more on People StyleWatch
Check Out These Amazing Editorials Brigitte Bardot Inspired You don't need to have lived through the '60s to get why Brigitte Bardot's sex kitten bombshell look is just as popular now
Kristen Stewart's Dress In today's edition of \Shirt or Dress?\...
Kendall Jenner For Vogue? Famous Sibling Shoots Cover Of Miss Vogue Australia (PHOTOS) Calm down, everyone. Let's get to the bottom of this.
Michelle Obama's New Look Mrs. O is our own personal ray of sunshine.
Halle Berry's Sheer Leather Dress Is Jaw-Dropping (PHOTOS) If wearing leather-and-sheer dresses was an Olympic sport, Halle would win gold.
Doris Roberts Style Evolution It's all about prints and hairspray... lots of hairspray.
Spanx Store Opens Up In Virginia With More To Come (PHOTOS) \u201cA place where everybody knows your name and your bra size -- kind of like the TV show Cheers.\u201d
One Bold Statement Coat For Fall Is The Most Versatile Item You Could Buy (PHOTOS) Make your outerwear do (quintuple) duty.
One Way To Repair Chemically Relaxed And Damaged Hair (VIDEO) In the video above, we are introduced to Jasmine, a young lady who shares her story on the not-so-good side of perms. After
Soothe Dry, Chapped Lips With Homemade Lip Balm (VIDEO) In the video above, BellaSugar reporter Kirbie Johnson shows us how to make a cool ombre lip balm at home using hydrating
Willow Smith Style Evolution The youngest star of the \u00fcber-talented Smith family definitely had her cutesy moments on the red carpet wearing fluffy frocks
Byronesque As a true lover of authentic vintage, with a strong dislike for down market designer/retail chain collaborations, Byronesque.com is a welcomed relief to the subpar design hamster wheel the fashion industry has become over the past decade.
Garment Care and Repair Are Important to a Stylish Life Two weeks ago, I bought a sweater. I got it home and peeked at the care instructions
Years Ago If You Came Across Ladies Dressed Like This in Paris... Years ago if you came across ladies dressed like this in Paris on the Rue De Temple, they would be after your money and you would run.
Cyndi Lauper Shows Her True New Yorker Colors And Acts As Halloween Inspiration For All Of Us (PHOTO) Getty Images But if you're not daring enough to dress like the \True Colors\ singer everyday, just go all out on Halloween
The Dress That Totally Changed My Life (PHOTOS) It was worth every penny. (And it cost A LOT of pennies.)
What Happens When This Gal Shows Up For A Date Wearing The Same Thing As The Dude (PHOTOS) Does your style teeter on the verge of androgyny or are you more ladylike? Here, 45 celebrities whose menswear-inspired style
Fashion Trivia Quiz Can you get them all?
The Resurgence of the Men's Underwear Multi-Pack The most prominent brands in the men's underwear industry are offering a slew of their hottest styles in pairs, three- and even four-packs, that are made with the quality we've come to expect from an industry leading brand.
Jamie Lee Curtis Is The Cat's Meow In Her '90s Halloween Costume (PHOTO) Some Halloween costumes never go out of style.
Is Acne Caused By Stress? Top Derms Explain This Beauty Myth Seriously, we need to know. It's stressing us out.
Pop Icon Photography Duo, Markus Klinko and Indrani, Publish 17 Years of Stunning Imagery We have all done it -- admired an image yet never given much thought of where it came from, or who created it. But once I met photographers Markus and Indrani and went through the images they showed me I was blown away.
Shenae Grimes Goes All Out For Halloween (PHOTO) This celeb went the extra mile.
Power Ties and Presidential Elections Both substance and style are important, but the nonverbal often affects us at the subconscious level.  So be sure you can separate the substance from the style, and you're on your way to becoming a savvy media consumer and prudent political participant.
Cindy Crawford Dressed Up For Halloween As... Cindy Crawford (PHOTOS) Um, that doesn't count as a costume.
Rita Ora For Superga There's a new British it-girl in town.
Kate Upton Vogue Italia Cover Is Model's First (PHOTO) Vogue Italia puts Upton's ample cleavage front and center. Hey, if it ain't broke...
Urban Outfitters, Barneys And More To Follow On Pinterest This Week (PHOTOS) This week on Hot On Pinterest, we've found some stellar accounts that will give you enough inspiration to last through the
Kim Kardashian, Jessica Biel & More Stars Wear Ruffled Dresses, And We Can Too (PHOTOS) Many women's first reaction to the word \ruffles\ is \ewww.\ We remember wearing them as kids (or coming home and and being
Shangri-La I have left a paradise that, nevertheless, is a myth. Admiring the scenery is wonderful, but being aware of the truth is a duty. The duty of us all.
Brigitte Bardot Leads The Style Pack In Zebra Print (PHOTO) French fashion model, actress, singer and animal rights activist Brigitte Bardot was the undisputed sex symbol of the 1960s
Cocktail Rings Add Sparkle To The Blah Days Of Winter (PHOTOS) Remember that diamond flower ring that Samantha famously bid on (and eventually received) in \Sex And The City
Oprah Winfrey Got Our Style Memo (PHOTO) Is there any area this woman doesn't dominate?
Kate Middleton Nude Photos Yes, there's more...
Drew Barrymore For Walmart Who knew she was a fan of bargain shopping?
Beauty Street Style There might be a topsy tail involved.
Are Sneaker Wedges the Democracy of Footwear? Every woman must face an internal battle of aesthetics-versus-function the moment she puts on an elevated shoe. This battle rages with a storm of questions. How far will I be walking? Will there be dancing? What if there are no cabs?
DIY Nail Art Meanwhile, check out this scaredy cat DIY nail art. And scroll down for more awesome manicures in our slideshow below. Our
DIY Nail Ideas With Hurricane Sandy making its way up the East Coast, the editors here at HuffPost Style had much time this weekend (in
Kardashian Khroma Beauty Line Threatened With Lawsuit By Chroma Makeup (UPDATED) What? They really haven't copyrighted every word with a \k\ sound?
Surviving Sandy in Style When life serves you a hurricane, serve Hurricanes. Here are some tips on how to turn an epic disaster into a party.
The Olsen Twins In The WSJ, AnnaSophia Robb At 'The Carrie Diaries' Premiere And More Instagram Photos Of The Week (PHOTOS) Mary-Kate and Ashley land yet another major mag feature. Who's surprised?
Beauty Best & Worst Of The Week Ok, Amanda Seyfried, we get it. You have the best hair ever.
Jennifer Aniston Sports Major Cleavage With Justin Theroux At LACMA Gala (PHOTOS) We doubt anyone was looking at Jen's huge engagement ring.
Malia Obama, Sasha Obama Show Off Their Pre-Teen Style At Church With Their Dad (PHOTOS) The apples aren't falling far from the fashionable tree.
Rachael Taylor Does The Bowler Hat Justice (PHOTO) and fashion sneakers and the cross-body bag.
Happy Birthday, Kelly Osbourne! Here's Looking At Her Purple Hair The middle child of Sharon and Ozzy turns 28 today! Kelly Osbourne basically grew up before the eyes of the American public
Iman's Secrets To Staying Young Forever Supermodel. Blogger. Muse. Cosmetics powerhouse. Designer. Wife. Mom. The list of accomplishments under Iman's always chic
Meet Ondria Hardin, The 15-year-old Face Of Chanel's New Campaign Karl Lagerfeld has cast Ondria Hardin as the new face of his campaign--even though she's only 15 years old. Misty White Sidell
Kim Kardashian Posts Awkward Throwback Picture, Lindsay Lohan Settles Boyfriend Rumor And More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS) We can't imagine this one's requested often.
Miley Cyrus Wears Crop Top, Thigh High Boots Step away from the crop tops, Miley.
Britney Spears Lucky Cover Is that you, Britney Spears?
RuPaul's Best Quotes Teach Us To Embrace Our Inner Glamazon \u201cWe all came into this world naked. The rest is all drag.\u201d
Marion Cotillard Knows How To Travel In Style (PHOTO) We never look this chic at the airport.
Wardrobe Malfunctions Photos We think we know why Kim looks so concerned.
White House Halloween Halloween has been celebrated in the United States at parties for well over a century, but not until the 1950s did it go entirely mainstream. So it was true among presidential first families.
Winona Ryder Goes From Angsty Young Star To... Angsty Adult Actress (PHOTOS) 'Winona Forever' will always be our slogan.
Worst-Dressed List Headache-inducing outfits are never a good idea.
Clever Concealer Tricks To Banish Dark Underye Circles (VIDEO) We all got 'em. Here's how to fight 'em.
Julia Roberts Style Evolution Pretty woman, walking down the street...
How to Say No to Lending Money (Without the Guilt) As women, we need to understand what is really going on beneath the surface and in this video, I share with you my truth.
Chrissie Miller, The Designer Behind Sophomore, Hosts 'Club Chrissie' With Maxine Ashley And Makes DIY Sneakers (VIDEO) It's THIS easy...
Leighton Meester's Hair Gets The Chop After 'Gossip Girl' Wraps (PHOTOS) Goodbye, Blair Waldorf. Your headbands will be missed.
Model Files Reunion With P'Trique 
Britney Spears Hates Socks, Is Self-Conscious About Her Shoe Collection (PHOTOS) Insert \barefoot-at-a-reststop\ joke here.
Alexa Chung Makes A Turtleneck Look Sexy (PHOTO) Monochromatic is the way to go.
Natalie Wood, Screen Siren, Goes Bold And Looks Stunning (PHOTO) Coldwater Creek Coat, Sephora Fake Lashes, MAC Eye Liner, NARS Brow Pencil, SinglePass Curling Iron Getty Images In this
Top Coat Challenge We tested 7 different top coats. Our chipped nails lived to tell the tale.
Last-Minute Halloween Makeup Ideas From Pinterest (PHOTOS) Just add an all-black outfit and you're good to go.
YouTube's Most Outrageous Halloween Pet Costumes YouTube is famously reliable for its source pool of hilarious, adorable, and compellingly shareable dog and cat videos. So, with October nearing an end, What's Trending took the opportunity to compile the best of these furry friends' costumes for Halloween 2012!
Mary-Kate Olsen On Her Relationship With Olivier Sarkozy \Haters gonna hate,\ says the Olsen twin (or something like that).
Jonathan Pryce Jonathan Pryce devotes certain hours of his day to document the beard culture, which he labels \a developing trend,\ in the British capital. His daily discoveries end up on his blog, also the home of his project, 100 Beards, 100 Days.
Anna Goldfarb, Author And Blogger, Needed Help Finding The Right Clothing For Her 6'1\ Frame (PHOTOS) As she left the photo shoot she told us that this was only the second time she's ever worn heels in her life. \I came in
20 Amazing Fashion Finds For Ten Dollars Or Less (PHOTOS) If that latte cost $10. But still.
Beauty Street Style ...without looking like Mimi From \The Drew Carey Show\
10 Reasons To Reconsider Toggle Coats This Winter (PHOTOS) Last February, I attended Paris Fashion Week and got a lesson in coat couture. Not only did I see amazing designs come down
Pippa Middleton Debuts New Book In FOUR Different Outfits (PHOTOS) One day, four outfits -- who can keep track? (Besides us, obviously.)
Courtney Love's Clothing Line, Never The Bride, Surfaces On Twitter (PHOTOS) And it's pretty, um, interesting.
Duro Olowu For J.C. Penney Is Store's First Foray Into Designer Collaborations (PHOTOS) Hint
What The Fashion Industry Would Look Like If It Were Run By Kids To celebrate the relaunch of its website, The Coveteur threw a party and everyone in fashion was there
25 Celebrity Moms And Daughters Whose Style We Love (PHOTOS) Meanwhile, see how H&M is advocating for mommy and me outfits. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter
Hillary Clinton's Fashion Scunchies! Headbands! Shoulder pads!
Alexa Chung Was On Gossip Girl For A Hot Second While you've probably heard (and been excited about) Alexa Chung's appearance on Gossip Girl, you might have forgotten to
Christina Aguilera's Royal Desire Perfume Ad Reeks Of Photoshop (PHOTOS, POLL) The pop star's perfume ads reek of Photoshop.
Fall Accessories Kristen Stewart in a McQ Belt On the McQ by Alexander McQueen catwalk, this chain-strung belt had a decidedly militaristic
The Best Boots For Your Shape Are One Click Away (PHOTOS) Rihanna was recently spotted out on the town wearing thigh-high boots. The pop star isn't shy about making daring fashion
Retinol, The Anti-Aging Ingredient, (Still) Fights Wrinkles Better Than Anything Else Want younger-looking skin? Yeah, read this.
Peta Wilson Is Wylie Wilson Peta Wilson, the beautiful blond from La Femme Nikita has a new project that is totally unexpected and fun. Ladies and ladies
H&M Margiela Collection Toasted By Sarah Jessica Parker, Kanye West & More In NYC (PHOTOS) It involved stripping dancers in sand. We don't get it either.
Kim Kardashian vs. Tamara Ecclestone No, not the cleavage. The dress.
Taylor Swift Makes Us Want To Try Red Lips ASAP (PHOTO) Shop a similar look below and check out more of our Look Of The Day picks. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style
10 Pairs Of Winter Boots For The Disgusting Weather Headed Our Way (PHOTOS) If you are one of the \lucky\ ones who gets to experience all four seasons, then we don't have to tell you how hard dressing
Jackie Kennedy Onassis '70s Style Shop the look and check out more from our A Look Back archives
'The Carrie Diaries' Will Avoid Baby Muppets Syndrome, Say The Creators (VIDEO) Get stoked for \Sex And The City\ Jr.
11 Trends We're Officially Sick Of (PHOTOS) Also
Why A Massage At The Spa Is Anything But Relaxing For Me (PHOTO) As I rush to call the florist, buy and wrap the gifts, and select the perfect cards, I find myself annoyed, rushed and frazzled. Not because of the shopping duties, but instead, with the reality that I find myself with so little time to do what I think is most important.
Obama Underwear vs. Romney Underwear Pro-Obama underwear vs. pro-Romney underwear
Does Shopping With Your Old Student ID Card Really Work? One Woman Goes Undercover (PHOTOS) One woman goes undercover... and bravely faces an anxious saleslady.
5 Ways To Wear A Cargo Jacket This Fall So You Can Give Your Leather Jacket A Break (PHOTOS) So over your leather jacket? We're here to help.
Fashion Trivia Quiz Find out if you're a fashion ace.
Jessica Alba Pulls Off The Perfect Combination Of Looking Tough, Yet Sweet (PHOTO) Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Shop a similar look below and check
10 Things Gossip Girl Taught Me About Fashion With lavishly dressed characters and cameos by fashion heavy hitters ranging from Tory Burch to Stefano Tonchi, Gossip Girl has also had an undeniable impact on the way we dress.
Toothpaste To Dry Out Pimples? Top Derms Clear Up This Home Remedy I mean, we've all done it.
Interview With Lope Navo, Fashion Photographer For a man working within the mode of representation, Lope Navo seems interested primarily in the experiential and the tangible as a means for interacting with the world.
7 Celebrity Evening Hair & Makeup Looks You'll Want To Copy (PHOTOS) Because our going-out routine needs a makeover.
1 Halloween Costume You Definitely Shouldn't Wear and 5 Others You Should Yes, a Big Bird costume is funny and topical. But there's nothing worse than striding into a Halloween bash only to find four other people wearing the exact same thing.
Beyonce's Obama Earrings Are Made By Erika Pe\u00f1a (PHOTOS) We get it, Bey. You're voting for Obama.
Isaac Mizrahi Loves Michelle Obama's Style, Wants To Dress Ann Romney Wait, really?
Natalie Portman Dior Ad Banned See where Dior went wrong.
Mario Testino The supermodel wasn't always such a hot commodity.
Michelle Obama Debate Dress If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
Princess Charlene & Prince Albert II Go Glam In New York At The 2012 Princess Grace Awards (PHOTOS) Do you think they went to Times Square?
Jon Hamm Has A Serious White Powder Makeup Disaster (PHOTOS) Jon, we don't mind getting very close to you if you need us to fix that.
A Brief Survey of Rare Birds or Most Creative Halloween Costumes for 2012 As we rapidly approach the time of the year when Halloween bashes will be in full swing, I thought I would take a brief look of what the fashion craze is this year?
Ann Romney Swimsuit Pictures Well, that was surprising.
Prabal Gurung For Target And we bet Michelle Obama will be the first one in line to buy it.
Harrods' Disney Princesses Campaign Includes Top Designers (VIDEO) Cinderella in Versace! Jasmine in Escada! Belle in Valentino!
Love Grecian Style As a makeup artist, I wanted to recreate that Americana-meets-Mediterranean approach to glamour.
Is The Anna Dello Russo For H&M Hat Practical For Everyday Wear? (VIDEO, POLL) It takes a special kind of girl to sport a stuffed bird hat.
The Prescriptivists Style and flair within the confines of accepted taste -- neither hidebound to rules nor straining for iconoclasm -- are what characterizes great dressers.
DIY Nail Art Because of the black cats... get it?
Zac Efron's John John Denim Commercial Is... Intense (VIDEO) We recommend repeat viewings... with the sound on mute.
My 'Uniform' Style Has Simplified My Life (PHOTOS) I wear the same thing every day. Sort of.
Emma Roberts Talks About Her Favorite Fashion App, Snapette, And How Julia Roberts Has Influenced Her Style (PHOTO) Plus
Beauty Best & Worst Of The Week Lea Michele's got some 'splaining to do.
These Fall Sweaters Are Part Shawl, Part Cardigan And Totally Awesome (PHOTOS) My best friend and I call our hybrid knits that we wear so often \Mr.Rogers.\ Named after the beloved TV character who often
Olivia Palermo Wears A Patterned Look That Reminds Us Of A Rorschach Test (PHOTO) The style queen does it again.
Pippa Middleton Let's just say she has no qualms about discussing her, um, assets.
Beyonce & Jay Z Date Night *sigh*
Luxembourg Royal Wedding Best. Guest. List. Ever.
Mena Suvari Tries A Risque Cutout Dress Red carpet peek-a-boo, anyone?
Grace Coddington Memoir Book Excerpt Relased We assume we're not alone when we say that after The September Issue our crush on Grace Coddington turned into a full-blown
Celeb Hairstyle Of The Week Business in the front and party in the back! That's what makes an insanely cute 'do, if you ask me. As you take a look at
Jaime King Wore A Skirt That Reminds Us Of A Dirndl, And We Love It (PHOTO) This shouldn't be sexy...
Taylor Swift's Near Photo Shoot Fail, Kim Kardashian Admits Fashion Flub And More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS) \It's supposed to be festive but not 'Taylor Swift The Christmas Elf.'\
Celebrity Best Friend Style Friends that wear matching pleather together stay together.
See The Rest Of Victoria Beckham's Lagerfeld-Lensed Shoot For French Elle Here it is
Halle Berry And Rihanna Go Head-To-Head, Ombre Hair And More Instagram Photos Of The Week (PHOTOS) We'd say \Try this at home!\ but that may not even be possible.
Chelsy Davy Hangs With Princess Eugenie (PHOTO) She's baaaaaack.
Kate Upton Returns To 'Vogue' For Major Spread For November 2012 (PHOTOS) The model's biggest shoot yet could mean the start of a new era.
H&M's 'Fashion Family' Advocates Matching Mother-Daughter Outfits (VIDEO) Suri and Katie, this one's for you.
Bergdorf Goodman Celebrated Its 111th Birthday Party In 'Extraordinary' Style (PHOTOS) Erin Heatherton wore a sheer skirt... but her date definitely didn't mind.
Brad Pitt's Rambling Chanel Ad Mocked By Conan O'Brien (VIDEO) Hmmmm.
Alesha Dixon Conquers Two Fall Trends At Once (PHOTO) How to dress your figure 101.
Best-Dressed List Chic is having the best week ever.
Worst-Dressed List Holly Madison called, and she wants her look back.
Christina Aguilera, Jessica Alba And More Celebrity Pumpkin Picking Style (PHOTOS) This is the perfect time to cozy-up!
13 Deliciously Warm And Fuzzy Faux Fur Options (PHOTOS) My grandmother is wise beyond her 87 years. Born and bred in Norway, she didn't think twice when I first complained of the
Tanning Fades Out for Fall For fall, natural beauty is the most stylish canvas for any fashion look. It is young, fresh and, thankfully, free.
True 'Gangnam Style' Fashion Any explanation of Gangnam must start with the fact that it is not so much a place, as much as it is an aspirational concept for many South Koreans. It is a symbol for an entire lifestyle, a developmental dream come true.
How To Keep Germs At Bay And Flu-Proof Your Makeup Bag (PHOTOS) Not to scare you or anything, but...
The 10 Best Halloween Makeup YouTube Tutorials... So Far (VIDEOS) You won't believe what she used to get this look!
BB Creams If you flip through any women's magazine, you can't help but notice the different ads for BB creams. But what is BB cream?
Why Shaving Your Head Can Make You a Feminist In some ways, the liberal attitude with hair represents an impressive recapturing of the feminist movement from the '70s. For centuries, women's long locks represented innocence and traditional conceptions of beauty.
Chanel Recreates Versailles in a Beverly Hills Garden Fashion has repeated these past recent decades so exhaustingly often that Chanel's designer Karl Lagerfeld is pushing us way back in time... like about three hundred years.
Michelle Obama Answers Boxers vs. Briefs Question On 'LIVE! with Kelly and Michael' Her answer is awesome, obviously.
Hide Dark Roots And Grey Hair With These 3 Quick Fixes (VIDEO) Seriously, these are like magic.
Nicholas Kirkwood Spring 2013 Shoes Made Me Lose My Cool (PHOTOS) As part of my job, I have met a lot of celebrities, but none of them -- besides Justin Timberlake -- have made me as excited as when I met Nicholas Kirkwood.
Why Kate Hudson's Ann Taylor Shoot Was So Painful Kate Hudson put her acting skills to good use for her new Ann Taylor holiday campaign. Despite being in excruciating pain
Alessandra Ambrosio's Leg Takes After Angelina Jolie's (PHOTOS) It's the Great Leg-Off Of 2012!
Bridal Fashion Week 2012 Designers are showing their fall 2013 bridal collections now, and while we\u2019ve seen some pretty crazy things for brides in
Pleated Pants Are Back In The Game, Ladies (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. Here
Fantasy Bra Costing $2.5 Million Unveiled By Victoria's Secret (PHOTOS, VIDEO) It's got 5,200 amethysts, sapphires, rubies and diamonds on it, in case you were wondering.
How One Pair Of Boots Is Slowly Driving Me Insane (PHOTOS) Also problematic
Mother-Daughter Plastic Surgery For families that like bonding over intense pain.
Luxembourg Royal Wedding We are definitely not getting up at 4 a.m. for this one, we swear. *sets alarm*
Ford Models Sues Women Management For Poaching Alana Zimmer & Karolina Waz What's the punishment for Grand Theft Model?
Obama vs. Romney When politicians ditch the suits... it gets a little questionable.
Leora Kanner, Media Planner, Goes From Jeans Every Day To A More Polished Look In This Week's Style Makeover(PHOTOS) There are good jeans and there are bad jeans.
Beauty Street Style Take notes, ladies.
Pump Up Flat Hair With This Curling Iron Trick (VIDEO) Meanwhile, see how a keratin hair treatment saved this woman's date nights. When you've established a styling routine that
Livestrong Bracelets Admit it
Ann Romney's Blue Nails If you thought Michelle Obama's gray DNC nails were bold...
Martha Stewart Paints Her Christian Louboutin Soles Black Let's just say there were Christian Louboutins and a Sharpie involved.
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley Looks Cozy In A Furry Jacket (PHOTO) The perfect fall look -- fur and sandals.
10 Big Scarves That Could Double As Blankets (PHOTOS) Bigger is better.
Spa Tips to Prepare for the FLOTUS There are certain amenities and qualities which I look for that would satisfy most folks, probably even a FLOTUS. It may surprise you that while luxurious surroundings are always a plus, it is not always my primary requirement.
Turquoise Jewelry Sure To Brighten Up Those Dark Winter Days (PHOTOS) Last year my family took a trip to Santa Fe. My parents always loved visiting the various galleries and art markets in the
Pippa Middleton Visits Botox/Laser Spa In London (PHOTOS) Today in Pippa Middleton Steps Out In London\u2122
Katy Perry, John Mayer Style Hm, John Mayer might have something to do with this...
The Naked Face Project I figured I'd try... then I woke up to a huge blackhead smack dab on my right cheek. Yikes.
Seven Years Of Marriage And All I Got Was This Lousy Gift Card? (PHOTOS) Part of what makes our marriage work is how well we know each other. I'm happy to buy him a Dunkin Donuts gift certificate (not Starbucks)--because his morning drive includes a pit stop at Dunkin.
Rachel Zoe Sitcom Will Be Based On Her Life Make way for more \babe\ and \bananas\!
Jennifer Aniston Called Out For Showing Nipples On Chelsea Handler Show (VIDEO) It's ok, Jen, those studios are REALLY cold.
Lea Michele Goes Sheer For ELLE Women In Hollywood Celebration (PHOTOS) Guuuuuuurl.
Angela Lansbury Style Evolution Style, she wrote.
ELLE Women In Hollywood Red Carpet Looked Like So Much Fun (PHOTOS) This is honestly the best red carpet we've seen in a while. Hello, double Emmas!
Halle Berry For InStyle vs. Rihanna For Vogue Halle and Rihanna posed for very similar November covers -- so let's vote on which one we like best!
Kate Gosselin Denies Getting Plastic Surgery, Claims She 'De-Ages' (PHOTOS, VIDEO) We're still not convinced that that's a real thing.
Suzanne Somers' Style Evolution Turns out the Thighmaster could also pull off a killer dress.
Christian Louboutin vs. YSL 'Red Soles' Lawsuit Finally Dismissed The exhausting Christian Louboutin vs. YSL lawsuit is resolved. Now let's discuss who won.
10 Teen Beauty Products Grown Women Will Love Last Christmas my roommate received a gag gift from a friend
Maison Martin Margiela For H&M Lookbook Has Arrived (PHOTOS) Is the new collab too avant garde for regular shoppers?
Gap 'Manifest Destiny' T-Shirt Pulled After Huge Outcry (PHOTO) Today in Potentially Racist Clothing Disasters.
Alessandra Ambrosio To Wear 'Fantasy Bra' At Victoria's Secret Show, According to Accidentally Leaked Video (UPDATED) Good going, Victoria.
Give Your Jeans A Break This Fall And Wear The Best Corduroy Pants For Your Shape (PHOTOS) It was just a few short weeks ago that the notion of wearing pants was ludicrous. With temperatures hovering in the 80s and
Chloe Moretz Never Had An Awkward Stage (PHOTO) So young, so hip.
Bird's Nest Hair Makes For A Beautiful Mess At Vera Wang, Ruffian And More (PHOTOS, POLL) For Vera Wang's spring 2013 show, Frederic Fekkai lead stylist Paul Hanlon used Strong Hold Volume Mousse, then lots of backcombing
Justin Bieber, Adidas Team Up For 2-Year Partnership (PHOTOS) Just hear us out.
Porsche Design Moves Into Fashion's Fast Lane \u201cI\u2019m always looking for new and innovative materials,\u201d Steinbruck said. \u201cWe played the leather like a fabric, and treated
Agyness Deyn Officially Retires From Modeling To Pursue Acting The British model is a model no more.
iPhone Cases That Are As Cute As Purses (PHOTOS) I'm one of the masses who just purchased the iPhone 5. Yes, I might be a lemming who drinks the Apple Kool-Aid, but I actually
Kim Kardashian Goes Commando, Exposes Rear In Sheer Skirt With Kanye West (PHOTOS) We're really hoping she didn't knowingly step out like this.
Rihanna's Vogue Cover For November Is Her Second (PHOTOS) Why does the headline say \I Love To Have Fun\ when she looks so gosh darn miserable?
DIY Nail Ideas Today is one of our favorite days
Brad Pitt's Chanel No. 5 Commercial Is Cracking Us Up (VIDEO) When are we going to see George Clooney for Lancome Tresor?
Bijoux De Diamants The celebration was so spectacular that I felt that I wasn't in NYC; I felt part of a surreal glamorous world, where everything was Chanel, Chanel, Chanel.
Lisa Frank At Urban Outfitters Is Giving Us Serious Bouts Of '90s Nostalgia (PHOTOS) Calling all children of the '90s!
Stylists' Recent Food Frenzy in Rome Historically, savory food and fashion was derived from the impeccable style Romans had in general -- and walking around this city makes you very hungry!
Khloe Kardashian Could Be The Best-Dressed Sibling In The Famous Family (PHOTO) WHERE
Tweed And Herringbone Aren't Just For The Equestrian Set (PHOTOS) Traditional fall fabrics like tweed and patterns like herringbone always felt stuffy to me. Reminiscent of my family's roots
Mirrored Accessories Are A Trend For Fall That We Want To Try Now (PHOTOS) She may have been the Wicked Witch, but the \Snow White\ character had a thing with mirrors that we can understand. The shiny
Beauty Street Style And it's probably already in your fridge.
Hair Color Trends With unlimited possibilities coupled with great imagination in the color trending world, you can achieve your own personalized look. I say, \Seize the season!\
Men Wearing Purple More Likely To Land A British Woman, Study Finds This MUST be how Prince William landed Kate Middleton.
Helena Christensen's Boden Ad Campaign Sparks Complaints Much ado about nothing?
A Refinery29 Editor, An Interior Designer And More To Follow On Pinterest This Week (PHOTOS) Follow them...NOW!
What's The Key To Amazing Personal Style? Iris Apfel Chalks It Up To 'Curiosity' (PHOTO) Iris Apfel is so much cooler than we are.
Kate Bosworth Looks Good Breaking The Rules (PHOTO) The California girl aces a fashion faux pas.
Iris Apfel, Mary Wilson And More Instagram Photos Of The Week (PHOTOS) We promise
Karl Lagerfeld Tell us how you really feel, Karl.
Katy Perry's Sexy Plunging Dress Turns Heads In New York City (PHOTOS) Well, that's one way to turn heads.
Beauty Best & Worst Of The Week Kate Hudson shows us how it's done. Lady Gaga? Not so much.
Wardrobe Malfunctions Photos Let's just say that J.Lo might want to wear a catsuit with a little more fabric next time.
A Young Betty White In The Perfect Seaside Look (PHOTO) Yet another reason to adore her...
Miley Cyrus Wears Bra As Top On Jay Leno (PHOTO, POLL) We're not even sure if that would provide enough coverage as an undergarment.
Valerie Trierweiler Affairs Revealed In New Book Hell hath no fury like a Frenchwoman with three lovers.
Tyra Banks' 'Fivehead' Will Be A Comedy Series About Her Awkward Teenage Years As if being called a 'fivehead' would stop her from becoming a supermodel...
Makeup Tips No makeup brushes? No Problem.
4 Fall Runway Makeup Looks That We Want To Wear In Real Life (PHOTOS) We'll be the first to admit that not every makeup look we see backstage during fashion week is pretty. Sometimes the designers
The Struggle To Stay Sexy In Cold-Weather Sleepwear When it comes to my pajamas, I've never been a long johns kind of girl. But I still struggle with staying sexy in cold-weather sleepwear.
Sienna Miller Shows Off Her New-Mama Style In Printed Pants (PHOTO) Tom Sturridge's gal was seen out and about earlier this week in a look that would  stop anyone in their tracks.
Sarah Ferguson Goes From Princess Diana Sidekick To Single Woman (PHOTOS) From Princess Diana sidekick to rogue royal.
Ralph Lauren Style Evolution Times may change but you can always count on his commitment to Americana style.
Maje Hosted A Party Where We Chatted With Alexa Chung About Halloween, Her Hair And \The Horrors\ (PHOTOS) Hint
My Mom Was A Fashion Icon In The '70s...Why Did She Toss All Those Amazing Clothes? (PHOTOS) My mom had the coolest wardrobe in the 60s and 70s. Every photo I've seen of her back in the day looks like it came out of a magazine. They say that everything old is new again, and if that's so, then why can't I find anything like the wardrobe she once had?
Rumer Willis' amfAR Inspiration Gala Outfit Is Actually Super Cute (PHOTOS) Demi and Bruce's daughter pulls off a rare feat.
Barneys' Skinny Disney Characters Prompt Change.org Petition Ever wondered what cartoon Photoshop looks like?
Marie Osmond Style Evolution Ruffles and sparkles, anyone?
'Sex And The City' Style From The Early Seasons... Hello, '90s! (PHOTOS) We got to thinking... remember when Miranda wore those awful power suits?
Best-Dressed List #nailedit.
Worst-Dressed List Why is Christina Hendricks so mean to her own boobs?
Carine Roitfeld Joins 'Harper's Bazaar' Let's get ready to rumble! 'Cause now the competition is going to get really fierce between Harper's Bazaar and Vogue. The war of the fashion glossies is on.
Ramona Singer, 'Real Housewives Of New York' Star, Shows Off Her New York Apartment, Closet And More (PHOTOS) Or, That Time We Drank Wine With Ramona Singer.
Clintons PDA 37 years of cuteness (and headbands).
Celebrities Who Wear Glasses And The 5 Makeup Tips They Should Live By (PHOTOS) Let your frames (and not your flaws) make the statement.
The Best Boots For Fall 2012 In Every Budget (PHOTOS) Stacked heels and flats and wedges oh my!
Emma Stone Channels Her Inner Geek (PHOTO) Emma Stone is starting to remind us of Brad Goreski.
Amanda Steinberg, Founder Of DailyWorth, Channels Marissa Mayer's Style (PHOTOS) Find out the key to not looking 'stuffy.'
Lady Gaga's Got Nothing On My Hair This color turns heads even in a city that's used to the unconventional.
Preventing Hat Hair Hat hair isn't completely avoidable, but you can revive it. \Leave-in conditioners add moisture to hair, which will help
We Are Channeling Bill Cosby This Fall In Printed, Patterned Sweaters (PHOTOS) Recently, we've seen everyone from Kanye West to Drake wearing the quirky knits.
Beauty Street Style Why didn't we think of this?
Carine Roitfeld Joins Harper's Bazaar As Global Fashion Director The former Vogue Paris editor's new gig has fashion insiders talking.
Jennifer Aniston's Living Proof Deal Ushers In New Era Of Aniston Hair Sadly, this does not mean the return of The Rachel.
Mary Wilson Of The Supremes Talks 'Overexposed' Girl Group Style Today And Her Greatest Stage Costumes (PHOTOS) The Supremes singer opens up about the girl group's ladylike style.
Why the Brothel Creeper Is As Scary As It Sounds If one could witness the sound of two dissonant piano keys clashing simultaneously, it would manifest itself in the form of the brothel creeper. The platform looks -- to be colloquial -- \icky.\
Maegan Tintari, Blogger, Claims Her Picture Was Photoshopped In Brahmin Shoot (PHOTOS, POLL) \I mean, did they think I wasn't going to notice?\
Britney Spears Ad For Fantasy Twist Perfume Looks Familiar (VIDEOS, PHOTO) Has Spears run out of ideas?
Kate Middleton & Prince William Go Clubbing With Pippa (PHOTO) You can find them in da club.
The Coolest Show You've Never Seen It's a special moment in the course of history when something once lost or forgotten is rediscovered. Like the Titanic, King Tut's Tomb... or dusty tapes of a twisted QVC-style public access show from early '90s New York City.
Paul Ryan Workout Photos Stuffy D.C. types make their best attempt at looking cool.
Shiatzy Chen at Paris Fashion Week Surrounded by willowy models, I was able to see the traditional influences in the collection. I thought back to the robes and quilts passed down from my own grandmother, and felt inspired by Chen's modern approach to Asian fashion.
Getting Bolder With Age Don't get me wrong, I value youth, but after many years on this earth (and lots of late nights), I absolutely adore the wisdom and experience gained from getting older.
How A Keratin Treatment Tamed This Woman's Frizzy Hair And Saved Her Date Nights (VIDEO) We got a feeling she won't be single girl for too long.
A Conversation With Richard Haines Blogs about street fashion are all over the web. Most are run by photographers, and then there's \What I Saw Today,\ a blog that documents street fashion via a charcoal pencil and paper. How refreshingly low-tech! Meet the man behind this blog.
Dear Justin Theroux, It's Time To Address Your Eyebrows (PHOTOS) This needs to be fixed before your wedding day!
Fall 2012 Fragrance Buying Guide Layer two scents
The Ugly Truth of Online Dating Running an exclusive online dating site myself, I can attest to the constant battle in working to maintain the integrity of online dating communities by weeding out disingenuous profiles -- yes, surprise surprise! Online daters lie.
Wine in My Lipstick If you're a cosmetics junkie and wine lover like me, no doubt you've heard about skincare products and makeup that contain some form of beneficial ingredients from wine grapes.
Christy Turlington Suits Up And Looks Better Than Ever (PHOTO) Could this be the perfect black suit?
The Investment Pieces You Need For Fall 2012 (PHOTOS) The only pieces you need for fall
Star Trek, Pac-Man And Other Shirts That Only The Coolest Geeks Would Wear (PHOTOS) Those nerdy kids in high school were right all along. Not only do they now have the coolest jobs at companies like Google
Solange Knowles Talks Michelle Obama's Style, 'Losing You' Fashion (PHOTO) ...and tells us who schools her in style. (Hint
Jennifer Lawrence For Miss Dior Hooray for our girl crush!
Julie Bowen Wears Odd Sheer Dress To Los Angeles Gala (PHOTOS, POLL) Sheerly brilliant or a little scandalous?
Jourdan Dunn's Cooking Show Will Be Called 'Well Dunn With Jourdan Dunn' Yup. Jourdan Dunn is proving once and for all that models do, in fact, eat.
Does Christina Aguilera Need A Makeover? (PHOTOS) Also
Kate Middleton Topless Photos Reportedly Cause Pippa To Turn Down Oprah, Ellen DeGeneres Who has a famous butt, shiny hair and doesn't want to talk about topless pics?
The Ugly Side of Pretty Self-absorbed, spoiled, jealous, mean, vapid
Katie Holmes' Leggings Come Out In The Rain (PHOTO) Suri
Happy Birthday, Bo Obama! White House Dog Turns 4 (VIDEOS) We'd get you a present, but what can top that time you high-fived Oprah?
Robyn Lawley Poses In Sexy Bikinis For Cosmopolitan Australia (PHOTOS) This plus-size model can definitely pose beside any straight-size lady in the industry.
Kate Middleton Meets England Football Team In A Reiss Coat (PHOTOS) We'd really appreciate if Kate would clear up the whole offside thing for us...
3 Ways To Wear Frida Kahlo's Fabric Woven Braids (PHOTOS) Just in case bushy unibrows aren't your thing.
Bridesmaid, Revisited And you swore you'd never wear it again.
Mindy Kaling and Karl Lagerfeld on Dressing for Men, Women or Yourself Fashion and style, if you care about them, are about dressing in a way that help you feel good about yourself, and helping you achieve your objective, whatever that may be.
Will Plucking Grey Hair Cause More To Grow Back? Pros Weigh In On This Beauty Myth Don't believe everything you hear.
Aisha Tyler Is Sparkle And Spice And Everything Nice (PHOTO) Leather never looked so good.
Fashion Trivia Quiz Bet you can't get a perfect score on our quiz!
Sofia Vergara Is Just One Of Many Stars Who Step Out In Sheer Clothes (PHOTOS) Why, when you know you are stepping into a flurry of flashbulbs, would you dare to bare?
Perfect Puffer Vests For Fall-ish Weather (PHOTOS) Ideal If your idea of hiking is making it to the top floor at Bloomingdales.
Mila Kunis Named 'Sexiest Woman Alive' by Esquire Magazine Mila Kunis was named Sexiest Woman Alive by Esquire Magazine, and Mila totally deserves it. Check out the pictures and see if you agree!
Style and Comfort Yes, high heels can be bad for you. But, if you want to wear high heels, here are some tips to wearing them responsibly, remaining as injury-free as possible and enjoying your pumps on a regular basis.
Anthropologie, Rumi Neely And More To Follow On Pinterest This Week (PHOTOS) Prepare to be up until the wee hours.
Beauty Street Style This business advisor has an awesome skin tip you'll DEFINITELY want to try.
Did Kate Moss Get The Photoshop Treatment For Rimmel Ad? (PHOTO, POLL) Something's different about Kate. *puts on tin foil hat*
Nine West Attempts Rebranding The mall shoe standby tries to sex it up.
Jennifer Aniston Engagement Ring Yah, he's a keeper.
What The HuffPost Style Staff Bought This Weekend Show us your fab buys!
Brooke Shields Without Makeup ...and she still looks gorgeous.
Kate Middleton Wears Short Skirt To First UK Appearance Since Topless Photo Scandal (PHOTOS) They're baaaaaaack!
Ann Romney's Post-Debate Outfits Well-played, Ann. Well-played.
Dressing Like A Rock Star Includes More Than Leather (PHOTOS) Leather and studs aren't just for the S&M crowd.
Why You'll Never See Me Dressed Up In Princess Gear At Disney World I can appreciate a child who loves a character and wants to dress accordingly, but what I will never understand is the adult couple who is dressed in matching Disney attire.
The Perks Of Being A Blonde Ashlee Simpson planted the idea in my head
YSL After years of being assaulted by color and prints, finally, everyone has come to their senses and once again we can safely say, \Black is the new black.\
Seven Slithery Pieces Of Snake Jewelry That We Are Super Into For Fall (PHOTOS) Slither on over, baby.
Who Does Michelle's Facials? The spa industry remains relentlessly apathetic and unapologetically uneducated in caring for the skin of 80 percent of the world's population.
Mila Kunis Named Sexiest Woman Alive By Esquire Magazine (PHOTO) Funny and hot? Totally unfair.
Sienna Miller Channels Gwyneth Paltrow's Tom Ford Oscar Dress (PHOTOS) Imitation really is the sincerest form of flattery.
Does Kate Upton Have Her Eye On Becoming The Next Bond Girl? The Modeling World Is Not Enough
Ramona Singer Drinks Wine, Chanel Nail Polish And More Instagram Photos Of The Week Yes, we drank with Ramona Singer.
This Week In Beauty Guuuuurl. That lipstick.
Lena Dunham's Topshop Natural Disaster, Andre Leon Talley Laments Emmys 'Dreckitude' And More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS) This one's for the dudes.
Wardrobe Malfunctions Photos Beware the bodycon dress.
Prince Harry Makes His Tatler Debut As 'Man Of The Year' (PHOTO) Cue the swooning.
Salma Hayek Supports Madonna's Controversial Tour Style (PHOTOS) We'll have to agree to disagree on this one.
Jessica Biel Piles On The Ruffles Did Justin Timberlake approve this look?
Aging Naturally But rather than stop time, wouldn't it be great if we could TRULY love the skin we're in? There is a way to age gracefully and naturally, and most of us actually do it every day.
Louis Vuitton at the Louvre (PHOTOS) My love for Louis Vuitton began when I was a little girl.  I remember my grandmother carrying their classic monogram bag and even then thinking that she was the perfect beauty.  I did not know what the \LV\ logo meant at the time, but I instinctively understood that it was special.
Xtreme Fashion Week New York was fun but Paris really took it to the next level this season -- the war for designer supremacy between Hedi and Raf (and the follow-up, Hedi vs. Cathy Horyn) ushered a new era in which fashion is actually exciting again.
Tom Ford Has A Baby With Richard Buckley! Get ready for the world's best-dressed baby.
'Clueless' Reunion Cover For Entertainment Weekly Prompts Fashion Discussion (VIDEO) What did Alicia Silverstone really think about all those wild outfits?
America Award Dedicated to Vogue Italia Thank you America Award, and thanks to all our readers. The award is not an end in itself, but a recognition given to an
JWoww's Face Is Almost Unrecognizable... What Happened? (PHOTOS) What happened?
Anna Dello Russo For H&M Debuts To Little Fanfare (PHOTOS) If a designer collaboration debuts and no one crashes the website, does it really count?
American Apparel Photoshop Fail A horse is a horse, of course, of course... unless it's a model for American Apparel.
Duchess Of Alba's Wedding Anniversary Is Here! (PHOTOS) Proving you're never too old to find true love.
Kate Middleton Lookalike Heidi Agan Causes Stir In Times Square (PHOTOS, VIDEO) The Duchess of Double Takes.
5 Tricks To Shopping At Zara, H&M And Other High Street Stores (PHOTOS) With these tricks, you'll look unique in your latest fast fashion finds.
Beyonce \I committed to the end and wore my kitten heels\ to the hospital, Beyonce says in People's \2012 Most Beautiful\ issue. The
New York Fashion Week Pictured
I Went Years Without Wearing Heels... And This Is What Happened When I Started Again (PHOTOS) Although I am not quite five feet tall, I almost never wear shoes with high heels, although I strangely have 10 pairs in my closet gathering dust. As an experiment, I decided to wear heels for a week to see how I would survive.
Seeing Spots? You're Not Alone, Polka Dots Are Everywhere For Fall (PHOTOS) Spots don't necessarily mean a trip to the doctor is in order.
Taylor Swift Wears The Perfect Parisian Outfit (PHOTO) This American star might actually belong in Paris.
Paris Fashion Week Spring 2013 Looks Pretty Crazy To These 3 Funny Girls (PHOTOS) Step over Joan Rivers, the new fashion police are in town!
X-Ray Specs If partially lined jackets are to make a return, as Rawlings believes they should, merchandising and manufacturing are not the only hurdles
Fashion Resale Marketplaces -- Fashioning the New eBay The fashion resale market is becoming an important space. With fast fashion rapidly pushing trends, \out with the old and in with the new\ has never been a more relevant statement.
Are Used Converse A Foot Fetishist's Dream Or Just Cool Collectors' Items? (PHOTOS) You know a trend has caught on when stores like LA's Fred Segal have started carrying stinky, old Converse sneakers that other people have stuffed their toesies into.
Kim Kardashian, Taylor Swift And More Stars' Fashion Risks That Have Paid Off (PHOTOS) Find out how to make shoulder pads work and other great ways to take fashion risks and reep the rewards.
Photoshop Fails September 2012 We've seen some great magazine covers and fashion ads in the month of September, but we've also seen some great covers and
Anne Hathaway's Wedding Veil And Other Ways Good Vintage Can Go Bad (PHOTOS) The \Les Mis\u00e9rables\ star's veil had us scratching our heads.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) DISCLOSURE
Updo Hairstyles Librarians Would Love At The Row, Naeem Khan And More (PHOTOS) The up, up and away styles we saw during NYFW have a sort of librarian lady quality to them.
Style Swap What happens when 'Miss Havisham' and the 'prom queen' swap looks?
Fashion Trivia Quiz Do you know what was the name of Diane von Furstenberg's first fragrance? Or who designed the frilly gown Penelope Cruz wore to the Oscars in 2007?
How A Simple Short Haircut Can Make For A Dramatic Makeover (VIDEO) She's sexy and she knows it!
Gillian Anderson Sizzles In Plunging Neckline In Rome (PHOTOS) Wait until Mulder gets a peek at THIS neckline...
Scarlett Johansson ScarJo's curves
Jackie Collins Goes From '60s Pinup To Suited Up Novelist (PHOTOS) This swingin' '60s girl had a big career ahead of her.
Our Childhood Photos Prove These '80s and '90s Trends Are Still In Style (PHOTOS) There are some looks you can just never outgrow.
Jennifer Lopez Brings Daughter Emme, Casper Smart To Chanel Fashion Show (PHOTOS) Suri Cruise is writing furiously in her burn book right now.
Kate Upton Covers Cosmopolitan Magazine, Finally Finds Perfect Modeling Gig (PHOTOS) If she's the Goldilocks of models, then this new photo shoot is juuust right.
Gwen Stefani Style Evolution This famous singer-turned-style icon once was just a girl in a (cute) bikini.
Sofia Vergara Not literally. At least, we don't think.
New York Fashion Week Pictured
Refresher Dining Quiz Is it okay to pick up your chicken with your fingers when you go out to dinner? No. Chicken must be cut with a knife and fork. Exception
Losing Leigh Let's get into the real story. It's not the way she fought, and it's not that she died. That's not the story at all.
Princess Charlene Attends Paris Fashion Week, South Africa Gala In One Weekend (PHOTOS) Princess Charlene goes super sexy and fashion forward in one weekend.
Kim Kardashian & Kris Jenner Wear Matching White Outfits In Miami (PHOTOS) You know what they say about families who wear leather together.
Kate Middleton & Pippa Middleton Attend A Wedding Together In Kind Of Boring Outfits (PHOTOS, POLL) Yay! Or yawn? You decide.
Catching Up With Candice Lake at Paris Fashion Week Candice Lake breezed into Hotel Costes, camera in tow, fresh from the Viktor and Rolf show at the Tuileries. Located on Rue St. Honor\u00e9, the hotel's courtyard is the destination during Paris Fashion Week.
Felines Is fashion getting cattier? Supermodels of the world, make way for your feline competition. They're fierce, they're fabulous, and they have twice the legs.
Celine Spring 2013 Shoes Are Really Really Weird (PHOTOS) Celine's spring 2013 collection has us scratching our heads, especially when it came to the footwear.
Men With Shaved Heads Appear More Dominant, Study Finds Into men with shaved heads? There's science for that.
Valerie Trierweiler Attends Saint Laurent Fashion Show With Anna Wintour (PHOTOS) France's \first lady\ attends her first fashion show ever!
DIY Nail Ideas From rich nail colors to intricate DIY nail art designs, check out the best of our weekend nails.
The Best Movie Makeovers Of All Time (VIDEO) From mousy to model-worthy
Drew Barrymore Tries Fashion Photography With Charlotte Gainsbourg (VIDEO) Drew Barrymore is keeping pretty busy for a woman who's well into her first pregnancy.
Kate Moss Takes Her Mom To See George Michael Concert For Night On The Town (PHOTO) The duo have been known to bond over a pint of beer, so it's nice to see the tradition continue.
Anne Hathaway Wedding Dress Seriously, you need to see this dress.
Lena Dunham Seems To Forget To Wear Bottoms At An Event (PHOTOS) We love Lena's ability to be raw and unguarded. And unclothed.
New York Fashion Week Pictured
Gloria Swanson, Silent Film Actress, Loved Art Deco Jewelry (PHOTO) Topshop Dress, Asos Earrings, Bauble Bar Cuff, Yves Saint Laurent lipstick, Arden B. Necklace Getty Images Want more? Be
New York Fashion Week Click through the slideshow below to see these blue eyeshadow makeup looks, and tell us in the comments section which show
Maggie Gyllenhaal In 'Won't Back Down' And Other Unfortunate Movie Wigs (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. When we first saw the trailer
Alexa Chung Dresses Like The Trendsetter She Is (PHOTO) Shop a similar look below and check out more of our Look Of The Day picks. See Alexa Chung's Style Evolution here. WHERE
Around The World in a Dress and a Skirt It is not OK for anybody to mess with my son about his outfit. Hence I wear dresses and skirts so that any person who has a problem with that and feels the necessity to express his or her resentments can mess with me.
Kate Middleton Dress Scandal The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge might be a little embarrassed after they accidentally wore traditional garb from the Cook
Julie Andrews Style Evolution Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Experimenting with trends throughout
Fashion Gif Of The Week We've teamed up with Greta Larkins, the genius behind the brilliant Tumblr FashGif in a weekly series of animated fashion
Fashion Whip The marriage of politics and fashion is stronger than ever. Election season is in full swing and the candidates and their wives have six weeks left to become America's sweethearts or to reclaim that top spot.
20 Fall-Inspired Green Beauty Must-Haves (PHOTOS) With fall currently here, and the temperatures going from hot to breezy, it's time -- once again -- to make additions to
The Rarest Converse Shoes Ever? The highly and hotly anticipated Converse Missoni Archive Project set to launch at Colette this Friday, will feature 20 one-of-a-kind pairs of Converse crafted from unique archival Missoni fabrics from 1994 to present day.
We Take Anna Sui's Spring 2013 Candy-Colored Wigs To The Streets (VIDEO, POLL) Would you wear a candy-colored wig at the front of your head? Hairstylist Garren took a cue from photos snapped by Sui herself
Menswear On Pinterest While studies have placed Pinterests users everywhere from 58% to 97% female (Forbes even joked, \Women are from Pinterest
Beauty Street Style Earlier this week, our photographer Raydene ran into Lena, a designer for the handbag line, Hunting Season. As we're transitioning
What Happened When We Dressed A Conservative Banker In The Top Fall 2012 Fashion Trends (PHOTOS) As editors here at HuffPost Style, we are privy to the latest fashion trends as they come down the runways. We don't blink
Brigitte Bardot Has Evolved From A '60s Sex Kitten To A Private Activist In Style (PHOTOS) In the 1950s, '60s and early '70s, Brigitte Bardot was one of the biggest sex symbols in the world. She was known for her
Daphne Guinness' Bathtub Lawsuit Find Heiress Guilty Of Overflow Which doesn't make us any less entertained by this lawsuit. Somehow it seems so perfectly natural that the extravagant Guinness
Charlotte Kemp Muhl and Eden Rice, Of Kemp & Eden, Perform Songs They Wrote As Preteens Although these two ladies may seem like one, they have two very distinct personalities. Charlotte, the wild child of the
Ursula Andress, Bond Girl, Looks Babely in Brown (PHOTO) Art by Raydene Salinas Shop the look and check out more from our A Look Back archives
The Craziest Heels, Flats And Footwear From The Fashion Weeks Of Spring 2013 (PHOTOS) While many fashion designers from New York, London, Milan and Paris debuted lust-worthy flats and gorgeous heels as part
Kelly Osbourne's Manicure, Made Of Diamonds, Causes Outrage After Emmys (PHOTOS) The co-host of E!'s \Fashion Police\ announced her pricey beauty treatment before the Emmys on Sunday, posting an Instagram
Kristen Stewart Poses At Paris Fashion Week Amidst Reconciliation Rumors (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Miriam Gonzalez Durantez, Wife Of British Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg, Has Amazing Style (PHOTOS) Mrs. Gonzalez Durantez, a lawyer who was born in Spain, and her husband stepped out on Wednesday night to attend the Liberal
Gwyneth Paltrow Is 2012's Best-Dressed Actress For Many Reasons (PHOTOS) It's no surprise that Gwyneth Paltrow was named People Magazine's most stylish woman of 2012.The GOOP founder, mother of
Motorcycle Boots For Fall 2012, Even If You Aren't Climbing Onto A Harley (PHOTOS) Last fall I purchased a pair of black leather motorcycle boots from Madewell. I've always worn tall equestrian-style boots
What Your Perfume Says About You Everybody who knows me knows that I believe you can never have too many black bags, shoes, dresses or perfumes. The personal scents we use not only leave temporary aromas on our clothing and seat belts, but they leave a lasting, if not almost eternal, mental picture and memory.
New York Fashion Week (image courtesy of \u00a0Rebecca Taylor.)\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0 \u00a0It was all Kiwi Cool today at the New Zealand designer's Spring 2013 show, or as
New York Fashion Week The week wasn't just about Fashion, of course. Backstage at the Alice + Olivia show, Stila's celebrity makeup artist Sara
Elizabeth Taylor Looked Amazing Even Without Diamonds (PHOTO) Shop the look and check out more from our A Look Back archives
Kim Kardashian, Amy Poehler And More Stars Whose Post-Divorce Style Is Simply Stunning (PHOTOS) When Amy Poehler hit the red carpet at the 2012 Emmys, jaws dropped. The \Parks And Recreation\ funny lady stunned in a plunging
Mindy Kaling, 'The Mindy Project' Star, Is A True Man Repeller When It Comes To Style (PHOTOS) While Kaling admitted that many people may disagree with her observations (there have to be at least a few guys out there
Best Style Quotes Many stars pick up beauty tips while on the set of a movie, on a photoshoot or while touring, so it's no surprise that they're
Fall Fashion In New York City, the weather seems to change from the peak of summer to depths of winter in the blink of an eye, leaving only a few days for true Autumnal fashion in between. While I am excited to abandon my shorts, tank tops and frequent grooming habits soon, I have to admit
'Bagel Head' Saline Forehead Injections Will this be the new Botox? Catch the episode on National Geographic on Thursday, Sept. 27 at 10 p.m. ET. \National Geographic
Magazine Photoshops Karlie Kloss's Ribs Out Of Topless Shoot If you thought that provocative spread of Karlie Kloss posing nude for Num\u00e9ro was a little light on BMI and heavy on the
New York Fashion Week See all of our fashion week coverage here. Just as we finally built up the nerve to toss all awkward hair accessories from
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) This week's selections include pieces by Christian Dior, Char, Geoffrey Beene and Bill Blass. Be sure not to miss the vintage
Katy Perry, Beyonc\uffc3\uffa9 And More Show Us That All We Need For Fall 2012 Is A Red Dress (PHOTOS) Here, 11 stars in red dresses, plus a few shoppable options. Beyonc\uffc3\uffa9 recently stunned at a fundraiser for President Obama
Olivia Newton-John Style Evolution A quick scan through Olivia Newton-John's wardrobe choices from the late '70s to mid '80s would suggest that someone over
Meet the Fresh New Faces in Design and Fashion -- the Millennial Entrepreneur Today there's a new class of entrepreneurs in the world of design, fashion and beyond -- college graduates who immediately start their business upon graduation.
The Best Jewelry For Fall 2012, From Stunning Statement Necklaces To Cool Cocktail Rings (PHOTOS) Fall is here and you know what that means...sayonara to your flirty sundresses and pedicure-flaunting sandals. But all is
Dry Shampoo And More Styling Tips To Make Your Hairstyle Last Five Carefree Days (PHOTOS) We know styling products will ensure that our hair stays voluminous through the night (thank you, dry shampoo!), but what
Milan Fashion Week Backstage Beauty Karl Lagerfeld and Silvia Venturini Fendi ignited a geometric explosion at the Fendi spring 2013 show when they sent models
10 Top Models Cast By Sunday Times Style Magazine For Epic Collection Of Covers (PHOTOS) Style, the fashion glossy of the British Sunday Times newspaper, is celebrating its tenth birthday with ten iconic cover
Kim Kardashian Wears Questionable Skort Suit While Shopping (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Heidi Klum Wears Denim Overalls The Day After The Emmys (PHOTO, POLL) But whether you're ready for a full-on '90s overalls comeback or not, it might not matter
Milan Fashion Week Spring 2013's Most Outrageous Moments (PHOTOS) From Prada's wild platforms to Bottega Veneta's over-the-top fringe, sometimes Milan Fashion Week's most memorable moments
'80s and '90s Trends That We Knew Would Stay In Style (PHOTOS) While there are some trends from the '80s and '90s that we hope never make a comeback, there are others that we still love
Natalie Portman's Colorist Tracey Cunningham On The Actress' New Blonde Hairstyle (PHOTO) Paying a salon visit to a professional colorist every six to eight weeks is key to maintain drastic hair color changes, according
Michelle Obama & Barack Obama Holds Hands, Talk First Kiss On 'The View' (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Style-wise, the president wore a dark suit, white shirt and dark striped tie as he fended off tough questions from Hasselbeck
Cameron Diaz Finds The Perfect Color For Her Skin Tone (PHOTO) Click here to see Cameron Diaz's style evolution. Shop a similar look below and check out more of our Look Of The Day picks
Andrej Pejic Likes to Keep All Options Open I like to keep all options open, but I like to think that is a personal thing. I don\u2019t talk about that very much. In all
Akama Miki & Zhang Muyi The pair trended on Twitter as news of their apparent romance spread as more and more people read their sappy public messages
Kellie Pickler Rocks A Shaved Head To Support A Friend With Cancer, And She's Not The First To Inspire Us To Go Buzzed (PHOTOS) Other stars just like the look
Tom Ford Says Working For A Big Design House Would Be A 'Step Backwards' For Him Whatever opinions one has about Tom Ford, there are two things that (in our opinion) can't be argued with
One T-Shirt Is The Telling Symptom That My Postpartum Depression Is Back (PHOTOS) After the birth of my son, I wore one of three t-shirts. Ironically, it was a faded and loose \Life is Good\ t-shirt. Looking at the words \Life is Good\ on my t-shirt was like a daily reminder (or guilt trip, depending on the state of mind). I was suffering with postpartum depression, and the sight of myself in the mirror threatened my already fragile state.
The Alternative Presentation For years, it felt like the buzz at Mercedes-Benz fashion week was all about location. Were you at the tents, first at Bryant Park and now at Lincoln Center, or were you in an alternative venue?
Emmy 2012 Fashion Awards ceremonies are a night for style, and the 2012 Emmys delivered high fashion in spades. Grecian-inspired gowns were
Emmy 2012 Fashion The red carpet is a chance to shine ... or to fall flat on your face (style-wise, that is). At the 2012 Emmys we saw fashion
Who To Follow On Pinterest In our latest installment of Hot On Pinterest, we bring you five fashionable pinners that have caught our attention in a
Courteney Cox, 'Cougar Town' Actress, And Her Killer Midriff (PHOTO) Shop the look and check out more from our A Look Back archives
Emmys 2012 Makeup & Hair Highlights Television's biggest and brightest stars stepped out Sunday night for the 2012 Emmy Awards. And from our view (read
Heidi Klum Emmys 2012 Dress Brings Back The High Slit (PHOTOS, POLL) Luckily the look veered glamorous (rather than, um, oversexed) with soft Old Hollywood hair and a neckline that recalled
Angela Missoni The Missonis have an unlimited range of textures. From those of the new collection that tone to white, black and prisms of
January Jones Emmys 2012 Dress We even got a little bit of a Gwyneth Paltrow at the 2002 Oscars vibe, that infamous sheer braless dress that we dubbed one
Derek Lam For Kohl's Sick of designer collaborations yet? Well, get ready to muster some excitement for the latest marriage of a high fashion
Nicole Kidman Emmys 2012 Dress Is Seriously Stunning (PHOTOS) See our of all the 2012 Emmys red carpet arrivals below! Soon she'll be getting her hair styled royally overseas
Christina Hendricks' Emmys 2012 Dress Looks Awfully Familiar... (PHOTOS) We always hold our breath when Christina Hendricks steps onto the red carpet
Victoria's Secret 'Sexy Little Geisha' Outfit Sparks Backlash (PHOTOS, POLL) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Victoria's Secret's troubles are
Shelley Duvall In '3 Women' Had A Minimalist Beauty Look We Still Admire (PHOTO) Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Shop the look and check out more from
Michelle And Barack Obama Get Cozy, New Mexico Street Style And More Instagrams Of The Week (PHOTOS) Here at Stylelist and HuffPost Style, we love sharing what we do on social media. You can turn to Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr
Fashion Trivia Quiz Do you know which fashion designer interned for Nicole Miller when they were in high school? Or who designed the dramatic
Michelle Obama Congressional Black Caucus And since we know FLOTUS isn't scared of a little color (or floral print or polka dot), we were definitely pleasantly surprised
Emma Watson Nylon Cover Catches The Actress In An Unflattering Pose (PHOTO) This is not Emma Watson's month. After suffering a wardrobe malfunction from her too-low cut dress a couple of weeks ago
This Week In Beauty And that doesn't even include hair. The AP recently reported that in 1950, about seven percent of women dyed their hair. Today
Emma Stone, Halle Berry Revlon PSA Urges People To Talk About Breast Cancer (VIDEO) See yet another reason to love Emma Stone
Emmys 2012 Red Carpet Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Good news
Lena Dunham Emmys 2012 Dress See the rest of the Emmys 2012 red carpet fashion! Check out Lena's outfit for her big Emmys debut. Do you love it or loathe
Wardrobe Malfunctions Photos It seems like celebrities were too preoccupied with the looks on the runway at New York and London Fashion Week that they
Elettra Wiedemann on Lindsay Lohan, Jourdan Dunn's Model Problems & More Tweets Of The Week (PHOTOS) At the Huffington Post, we spend a lot of time on Twitter. It's the best way to get the news (both fashion and otherwise
Giorgio Armani Reveals His Secret To Making It In The Fashion Industry King Giorgio brings back style on a practical, simple, almost casual level. His message to D.it and to The Huffington Post
Raffaella Fico Models Bikini At Fashion Week While Six Months Pregnant (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. We assume that modeling in a bikini
College Student Style Was Just As Cool In The '70s (PHOTO) Art by Raydene Salinas Mossimo Women's Ultra Soft Turtle Neck Sweater, Lands' End Side Pleat Plaid Skort, Forever 21 Twisted
Entertainment Weekly Pre Emmy Party One would think that stars would tire of the never-ending red carpet appearances, but it seems that celebs are pretty game
Elisabetta Canalis' Bikini Body Takes Center Stage At Milan Fashion Week (PHOTOS) See more celebs in bikinis! PHOTOS
Donatella Versace Reveals Medusa Fashion Show Details And What She's Passionate About The handbag that will change a woman\u2019s look. Mistakes that are more useful than successes. Risk and passion as lifestyles
Elle Serbia Cover Reminds Us Why Photoshop Is A Bad, Bad Thing (PHOTO) See more magazine spreads sans Photoshopping... We're used to seeing fashion photographs airbrushed into oblivion, all streamlined
Victoria's Secret Photoshop Might Have Rendered Model Lopsided (PHOTO, POLL) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Check it out below -- does something
Britney Spears Reverts To Old Ways In Tiny Shorts, Stilettos, Turtleneck (PHOTO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. See Britney's style through the
Politicians In Sunglasses In honor of that bipartisan spirit, here's a roundup of bespectacled politicians and world leaders (with some dictators and
Scrunchies, Clips, Barrettes And Other Awkward Hair Accessories (PHOTOS) From Hillary Clinton's scrunchies to Sarah Ferguson's enormous bows, hair accessories can get pretty awkward. (Of course
The Stylelist Network Takes On Marc Jacobs Every girl can attest that Marc Jacobs does no wrong. From fashion, to bags to fragrance, Marc Jacobs continuously styles
Kanye West's Fashion Show Not Happening This Season Now reps from Karla Otto, the PR agency working with West, have confirmed that he will not be presenting a Spring 2013 collection
Crimped Hair Makes An Unexpected Comeback On The Head Of Jennie Garth (PHOTOS, POLL) But we didn't think we had to worry about the frizzy '90s style returning... until we saw photos of Jennie Garth from last
Old Hat Summer comes to an official end today, and with it the close of gin-and-tonic season, for as the leaves turn from light to dark, so does our liquor.
Justin Tranter Loves Glitter And Blood Spattered Boots (Video) Tranter is full of fashion quirks -- for example, every year he picks a color for his wardrobe \just because [he] thinks
Best/Worst Brands Number of riots in Santorini
Photography, Fashion and Rock Are Having a Fabulous Moment This week,V&M.com, the online marketplace known for their exclusive collections of art, design and vintage items, threw a
Five Different And Oh-So-Girly Ways To Wear A Varsity Jacket (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Click through to see how I wore my
Beauty Street Style We've long been a fan of Joan Holloway, Christina Hendricks' sixties-era beauty on \Mad Men,\ so when we spotted Julia, a
London Fashion Week The Inspiration
Best Style Quotes Who doesn't like wearing jeans? Exactly. Almost everyone has a pair (or twenty) in their closet. Whether dressed up or down
I Lost Weight in 2 Weeks by Giving Up Eating Everything White I must tell all you ladies how I lost 10 pounds in two weeks by giving up eating everything white! Here is how it happened.
Fashion Week Diary This past week, I was tasked with the fabulous job of taking the three Miss Universe titleholders to fashion shows for New York Fashion Week.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) DISCLOSURE
Busy Philipps Takes Time Out Of Her Busy Schedule To Create The Perfect Look (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. WHO
London Fashion Week Spring 2013's Most Outrageous Moments (PHOTOS) While we love seeing all the exciting, innovative ensembles on the runway and in the front row, sometimes London Fashion
We Translate This Street Style Look To Your Fall Wardrobe (PHOTOS) All photos by Raydene Salinas. Scroll through the slideshow to see a breakdown of her amazing look and how easy it is to
Karl Lagerfeld Now, in a new exclusive with Grazia, the 79-year-old designer lets loose on Carole Middleton, the mum of Kate and Pippa. But
Louise Roe Joining 'Fashion Star' As Judge, Replacing Elle Macpherson \As a host I love working with a live audience,\ Roe told Deadline, \but I'm also looking to use my experience as a journalist
Kate Middleton Wardrobe Malfunction? Duchess Fights Windy Skirt At Brisbane Airport (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Rachel Roy Style Evolution \Ava wears a lot of my RACHEL Rachel Roy collection -- she's a muse to me with how she mixes it,\ says Roy. \I really believe
Dear Nicki Minaj, Please Stop Looking Like A Hot Mess (PHOTOS) Nicki Minaj is attractive. Blessed with big eyes, luscious lips, blindingly white teeth and to-die-for curves, she's a beautiful gal. But she is absolutely lost in the hot mess that has become her wardrobe.
Why I Decided To 'One-Up' Miley Cyrus' Haircut...With A Dash Of Pink (PHOTOS) To dye my hair I went to Cutler Salon in Manhattan where my friend (and talented colorist), Carly Missico was waiting with
The Best Tips And Products For Dealing With 'Allergy Face' This Season Cover up the rest
Fior Mendez, Orphan Turned Model, On Her First Fashion Week And Why She's The Next Tyra Banks (PHOTOS) Would you like to build a media empire like these models have? Aside from modeling, I would love to work with different organizations
Karl Lagerfeld Lagerfeld also backtracks to the magazine about his previous statements on Pippa Middleton's, er, face problems. You might
Ann Romney's 'LIVE! with Kelly and Michael' Dress Is Pretty Blinding (VIDEO) The bold piece was covered in a loud pink, orange and yellow flower print, of which there was plenty
Kate Moss Sits Front Row At Mulberry With Alexa Chung, Lana Del Rey (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Oh well, we'll settle for a front
Sinead O'Connor, Singer, Is A Bald Beauty (PHOTO) Shop the look and check out more from our A Look Back archives:
Raquel Welch, 1960s Sex Symbol, Pouts In A Turtleneck (PHOTO) Shop the look and check out more from our A Look Back archives
Fashion Trivia Quiz Do you know which model was once in a band with Nicole Richie? Or who designed the gorgeous pink gown Gwyneth Paltrow wore
Women's Capes For Superheroes, Supermodels And Everyone In Between (PHOTOS) On the day of the wedding, my friend and I stumbled upon a quaint vintage shop with a pair of Chanel sunglasses in the window
Are Foot Tattoos Sexy? Some women consider the foot tattoo the ultimate shoe accessory as they continue their hunt for the perfect shoe. Many say they are just plain sexy. Others regret them and want them removed. Wacky and bad taste tats also find their way onto the foot.
3 Ways To Wear Brigitte Bardot's Bombshell Hair (PHOTOS) Click through the slideshow below to see how Bardot's big hair gets a modern spin on the runways, and tell us in the comments
Gray Hair Caused By Stress? We've Got The Real Answer As far as where we see those first rogue hairs, Cunnane Phillips notes that \graying typically appears\u00a0at the temples,\u00a0and
Jennifer Lawrence, Miley Cyrus, Lady Gaga And More Stars Who Keep Changing Their Hair Color (PHOTOS) Who else has ditched the hair color that made them famous? Check out the photos below to see how stars like Charlize Theron
The Best Belts For Your Shape I love belts. In my opinion, a belt can make an outfit, adding just that personalized touch. Whether it's a vintage number
Olivia Palermo Steals The Show At London Fashion Week (PHOTO) Shop a similar look below, and check out more of our Look Of The Day picks. WireImage WHERE
What Is 'Mom' Style? My Nike shirt said, \Every Damn Day.\ However, like some parents and teachers, my son was not amused. He said, \A mom can't wear that shirt. It's not a good word. Right?\ I apologized and sighed. I told Dylan he was probably right and I would not wear the shirt to school again.
Our Childhood Photos Offer Style Tips That We Still Follow Today (PHOTOS) While there are some trends that should be left in the past, there are lessons to be learned from looking at old pictures
Who To Follow On Pinterest In our latest installment of Hot On Pinterest, we bring you five of the most fashionable pinners that have caught our attention
Peter Alexander Dead The photographer, who has shown his work in the UK, the U.S.A. and Iceland, reportedly had only been at the party for 30
Kate Middleton & William Wear Grass Skirts In Tuvalu, Show Off Their Dance Moves (PHOTOS) Nonetheless, the royal couple headed to the Polynesian island nation of Tuvalu for the last wing of their trip, and we're
Lea Michele Is The Next Face Of L'Oreal! Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. See more celebrity spokesmodels
Alicia Silverstone Bares Almost All For 'Bullet' Magazine, Talks 'Clueless' Silverstone may have regrets, but in comparison to today's young Hollywood (the mug shot bunch), she's definitely come out
Kim Kardashian's Surprising Outfit Until Monday, when Kim left Miami, where's she's been filming a third season of \Kourtney and Kim Take Miami,\ for a flight
In London the Big Names of Fashion Take on the Runway While the VFNO Debuts in Florence Philip Treacy, Christopher Kane, Erdem, Mary Katrantzou, Burberry, Peter Pilotto
Unraveling the Red Carpet In the early 1990's, the red carpet was far from the international fashion frenzy it has become today. No one ever heard of paying a stylist to \place\ a piece of jewelry on a celebrity client, and loaning jewelry to the stars, so common today, was nearly unheard of -- or at least not widely discussed.
Social Media Etiquette Posting your first kiss and details of your romantic life on social media sites is no longer considered exploitative. It's actually expected. But where do you draw the line between kiss-and-tell and kiss-and-post?
Fake Fashion Fix Out of the door at 7:30 a.m. meant my hair was limp and clothes creased, but I felt brainy, busy and bright in my glasses. Looking round at the shows too, my guess is I am not the only one faking it.
Charlotte Ronson Spring/Summer 2013 When I tell you that the Charlotte Ronson Spring/Summer 2013 collection was \completely wearable,\ it's because I'd like nothing more than to fill my closet with the chic, edgy and unique designs that could take me from the office to out on the town.
DIY Nail Art Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Photos
Style Watch Tuesday night at the Alvin Ailey dance studio, and amidst a bed of oranges, sisters Lizzy and Darlene Okpo showed the latest
Kate Middleton, Prince William Meet Topless Dancers On Tavanipupu Island (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Kate and Will looked fab in their
Lady Gaga Opens Philip Treacy's Michael Jackson-Themed London Fashion Week Show (PHOTOS) Some of Treacy's famous pals such as Kim Cattrall, Grace Jones, Dita von Teese, Anna Dello Russo and Nick Cave sat in the
Christina Aguilera Channels Kim Kardashian In Skin-Tight Black Gown At 2012 Alma Awards (PHOTOS) Is this the start of a fresh new look for the singer? After all, Aguilera's cover for her new \Your Body\ single oozed sex
Lady Gaga Opens Philip Treacy's Michael Jackson-Themed London Fashion Week Show (PHOTOS) Lady Gaga is (obviously) a Philip Treacy fan, having worn his famously eccentric headpieces on numerous occasions, including
Heidi Klum Pink Hair The 39-year-old supermodel debuted her \Truly Scrumptious Collection\ at Babies 'R' Us on Friday along with a freshly-dyed
Christina Aguilera Channels Kim Kardashian In Skin-Tight Black Gown At 2012 Alma Awards (PHOTOS) See more celebs in high slits! Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest
Emma Watson, Kate Moss And More Show Us How To Dress Like A Dandy, But Look Like A Woman PHOTOS) In the days of yore, dandies were men who yearned to be members of the aristocracy (but weren't), so they dressed the part
Kim Kardashian Knows How To Dress Her Curves (PHOTO) Click here to see Kim Kardashian's style evolution. WHO
Beauty Street Style Photo/Art
Denim Rules In Fall 2012 Street Style (PHOTOS) As for jeans, the ladies were out and about in every shape and wash
Two-Textured Hair That's Not A Total Mess (VIDEO, PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. In the video above, lead stylist Jeanie
Eyebrows Have Been Getting Lower And 'More Masculine' For The Past 60 Years Are your brows thicker than they used to be? Read more at the Independent. \Upward curvature of the eyebrows was considered
Dolly Parton's Million-Dollar Smile And Colorful Scarf (PHOTO) Dolly Parton, one of the most successful female country artists of all time, has made her mark on the music industry with
DIY Nail Ideas It's Manicure Monday time! This weekend, a few of the Stylelist editors made the transition into fall with darker nail polish
The Biggest Fall Street Style Trend Is Printed Jackets (PHOTOS) All photos by Raydene Salinas/AOL Leather is always a fall favorite. It transitions well into the cool weather that is upon
Kate Middleton, Prince William Receive Awesome Greeting In Solomon Islands (PHOTOS) Check out the photos of Kate and Will's trip to the Solomon Islands. Didn't they receive the best greeting ever? Despite
New York Fashion Week Designers Michael Kors, Alexander Wang And More In Their Runway Uniforms (PHOTOS) While New York Fashion Week's designers are clearly capable of sending gorgeous (and sometimes odd) looks down the runway
This Week In Beauty In a survey, two-thirds of British women said that heading to the office bare-faced caused them more stress than public speaking
Malin Akerman Wears Daring Plunging Dress To Creative Arts Emmy Awards (PHOTOS) While attending The Academy Of Television Arts & Sciences 2012 Creative Arts Emmy Awards yesterday, Malin wore a plunging
New York Fashion Week's Best Shows, Karlie Kloss Backstage And More Instagram Photos Of The Week During New York Fashion Week, we drained more than one iPhone battery recording the best backstage beauty (including Karlie
Sarah Ferguson Sounds Off On Kate Middleton Topless Photos Scandal Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. See Kate Middleton's royal style
National Hispanic Heritage Month 2012 In case you didn't know, National Hispanic Heritage Month is upon us. This 30-day period lasting from September 15 to October
Katharine McPhee Does Red Right (PHOTO) WHAT
New York Fashion Week's Best Shows, Karlie Kloss Backstage And More Instagram Photos Of The Week During New York Fashion Week, we drained more than one iPhone battery recording the best backstage beauty (including Karlie
Kate Middleton, Prince William Receive Awesome Greeting In Solomon Islands (PHOTOS) Kate Middleton and Prince William are accustomed to arriving in style, but we can't imagine they were prepared for the awesome
New York Fashion Week Is Invaded By Olympic Athletes Ryan Lochte, Sanya Richards-Ross, Aly Raisman And More (PHOTOS) This fashion week, everyone was obsessed with gold accessories. And not just on the runways, we're talking about one item
Victoria Beckham Looks Posh In A White Dress Shirt (PHOTO) WHAT
Heidi Klum Pink Hair We definitely don't think anyone would accuse the \Project Runway\ host of looking anything less than perfect with pink hair
New York Fashion Week Is Invaded By Olympic Athletes Ryan Lochte, Sanya Richards-Ross, Aly Raisman And More (PHOTOS) This fashion week, everyone was obsessed with gold accessories. And not just on the runways, we're talking about one item
Tyra Banks Talks Weight & Self-Esteem On HuffPost Live (VIDEO) Tyra Banks may just be one of the last people one would feel sorry for in the looks department. But even though the supermodel
Kate Middleton Visits Rainforest In Borneo, Gets Hoisted Up 130-Foot Tree (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. But it's not every day that you
Prince Harry Has A Classic Sense Of Style... When He Wears Clothes (PHOTOS) Although Prince Harry has made more headlines recently for what he hasn't worn (yes, we are talking about those nude pictures
New York Fashion Week Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Over the past two seasons at New York
Vicki Hodge, Actress/Model, In The Perfect Trench Coat (PHOTO) The British actress-slash-model Vicki Hodge was known for her role in the TV series \Hazell,\ and for her appearance in the
SP, A Lawyer, And His Dior Homme-Inspired Wardrobe (VIDEO) Watch the video above to find out why SP classify's himself as a nerd. Just because you're not in a creative field doesn't
Diane Kruger Tones Down The Sexy With A Denim Vest (PHOTO) Pacific Coast News Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Shop a similar look
New York Fashion Week's Most Over-The-Top Beauty Though, we have to give it up to the good folks over at Adrian Alicea for whipping up a look we could only describe as a
Jessica Chastain's YSL Manifesto Commercial Looks Super Messy (VIDEO) Chastain was first named the face of YSL's new women's fragrance back in June and we all got a leaked pic of her campaign
Oscar De La Renta & Cathy Horyn In Tiff Over Wording In Review \A stale 3-day old hamburger\? Strong words, Oscar. In any case it seems to be a big misunderstanding
Oscar de la Renta Spring 2013 Gets Animated In Our Fashion GIF Of The Week (PHOTO) We've teamed up with Greta Larkins, the genius behind the brilliant Tumblr FashGif in a weekly series of animated fashion
Non-Fashion Editor Befuddled And Utterly Unimpressed By New York Fashion Week My first high fashion week experience has come to an end, in what will most likely be my last-attended runway extravaganza.
Emma Watson, Ezra Miller And More Stars At 'The Perks Of Being A Wallflower' Premiere (PHOTOS) Last night the paparazzi were abuzz outside the Crosby Street Hotel in New York City for the premiere of \The Perks Of Being
Gwyneth Paltrow Lands New Gig... At Max Factor Hey, even the World's Best Dressed woman has to pay the bills (for all of those organic facial peels). Struggling actress
Lady Gaga Gets Tattoo While Crowd Watches At Perfume Launch Party (PHOTOS) Lady Gaga, along with the Haus Laboratories in Paris, Steven Klein and perfume giant Coty Inc., threw a black tie masquerade
What This Basketball Player's Wife Wore to New York Fashion Week I love the energy of New York Fashion Week.  I love the people and eclectic style fashion week brings. I love to play dress-up, but then again, what girl doesn't?
Prince Harry Has A Classic Sense Of Style... When He's Not In His Birthday Suit Although Prince Harry has made more headlines for what he hasn't worn (yes, we are talking about those nude pictures from
Kate Middleton Topless Photos Officials aside, the topless paparazzi photos have already provoked outrage from British media, and UK papers will likely
Lady Gaga Gets Tattoo While Crowd Watches At Perfume Launch Party (PHOTOS) We all watched for nearly an hour, befuddled... until we got bored and went home. Apparently we missed Lindsay Lohan's arrival
New York Fashion Week's Most Outrageous Moments A PR girl was slapped by Jennifer Eymere, a Jalouse editor, at Zac Posen (and has since sued for $1 million), Liberty Ross
How I Stretched One Outfit Into Three At New York Fashion Week (PHOTOS) Busy schedules at New York Fashion Week leave us little time for sleeping, let alone outfit planning. So when I was invited
Glamming Up When our GlamourGals gave the residents their makeovers, they were not awkwardly making conversation with a stranger, but rather they were drawing on past experiences of pampering their own beloved grandmothers.
Esteban Cortazar at Net-A-Porter Mr. Cortazar could have just as easily been Crist\u00f3bal Balenciaga in his past life. With his impeccable taste and a craftsman's eye, Esteban is stepping out, once again, with his newest collection exclusively available through Net-A-Porter.com.
Met Costume Institute 2013 Exhibit Revealed \Punk
Non-Fashion Editor Befuddled And Utterly Unimpressed By New York Fashion Week My first high fashion week experience has come to an end, in what will most likely be my last-attended runway extravaganza.
Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Hit Fashion Week In Feathers & Double Denim (PHOTOS) Kim seemed to enjoy herself, tweeting, \Marchesa show was beyond beautiful!!!!\ Kanye was silent on Twitter but was no doubt
My Fight Against Heavy Purses In An Effort To Avoid Back Problems (PHOTOS) I've recently found myself massaging my right shoulder, and feeling it ache when I lay awake at night. I discovered the culprit
New York Fashion Week Backstage Beauty Click through the slideshow below to see these fishtail braid hairstyles, and tell us in the comments section which look
Fall Shoes Are Already On Sale, For Reals (PHOTOS) No, you're not dreaming
Ask Michael Cohen What they say about love is true
Nanette Lepore Packs Spring 2013 Show With Celebrities, Live Music And Obama Pins (PHOTOS) As we entered the venue at Lincoln Center, the runway was covered in plastic wrap and the stage was backlit with blue lighting
The Trumpet Skirt You Need For Fall 2012, For Under $100 (PHOTOS) Each time we flip through a September issue, we are stopped in our tracks at the Stella McCartney ads starring Natalia Vodianova
Mary-Kate & Ashley Olsen Launch Perfume For Elizabeth and James Brand Wanna smell like an Olsen twin? Um, obviously. Now we're getting a chance with a new fragrance from Mary-Kate and Ashley
Adriana Lima's Second Baby Born Adriana Lima has given birth to a healthy baby girl, confirms Us Weekly. The Victoria's Secret model welcomed Sienna at around
Ryan Lochte Touches Anna Wintour's Knee At Ralph Lauren And More Fashion Week Tweets Of The Day While Ryan Lochte may have been one of the most ubiquitous celebrities at New York Fashion Week (he made appearances at Milly
Britney Spears Dresses To Impress On 'Jimmy Kimmel Live' (VIDEO) See how Britney's style has changed
Kate Bosworth, Jessica Alba, Rachel Zoe And More Party At New York Fashion Week (PHOTOS) To quote R. Kelly's 2003 hit, \Ignition,\ \After the show is the after-party.\ While the following line doesn't exactly reflect
My September Issues I'm undecided about metallic jeans as my weekends are a little more Netflix than Nobu. My fashion fantasies are ultimately dashed by financial limitations. In other words, I'm on a budget. I've decided that I am ready to embrace the metallic studded sneaker trend a la Miu Miu.
Jennifer Lopez Pours Herself Into Tight Jumpsuit In New York (PHOTOS) The mom of two, 43, paired her sexy suit with a matching pair of tan Louboutin platforms, a teensy clutch and a sleek pair
All the Beautiful People at the 9th Annual Style Awards The Veuve Clicquot flowed freely on Wednesday night at the Style Awards at Lincoln Center, where many of New York's most fashionable people were gathered to celebrate the past year's style successes.
Miley Cyrus Wears Ripped Sex Pistols 'Anarchy' Shirt (PHOTOS) Hannah Montana is so 2008. Glam Miley is soooo 2011. Meet Miley Cyrus 2012
New York Fashion Week When my stylish daughter Sarah called to say that she had an extra ticket to a fashion show during New York's Fashion Week, she invited her father to go. My husband was going to be out of town, so by default I was invited to my first ever fashion show.
New York Fashion Week Backstage Beauty Hair
Sunday Night Blues I dislike Sunday nights. I always have. Tonight, I did a quick search just to see if I am alone in the contempt I hold for
Kim Kardashian & Angelina Jolie Prove That Leather Skirts Work On All Shapes This Fall, From Petite To Curvy (PHOTOS) Leather skirts are a big trend for fall. Designers showed all manner of skirts in the supple skin, from pleated to pencil
Spice Up Your Spring with Sporty Style My two passions in life happen to coincide for one week every year as the US Open plays out in Queens and the new spring season plays out in Lincoln Center. And this particular September, it practically felt indistinguishable.
Joan Rivers On New York Fashion Week's Outrageous Street Style And More Tweets Of The Day As New York Fashion Week comes to a close (can you believe that there is almost one more day?) celebrities, designers and
Middle School Girl Dismissed From Class For Wearing 'Skin-Colored' Tights (VIDEO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Deja's mother, Yolanda Tunstill
Rihanna And More Stars Embrace The Sporty Trend In Baseball Caps (PHOTOS) Baseball hats bring a few notions to mind, including the celebration of the great American pastime, teenage boys in well
New York Fashion Week Front Row Celebrities Include Kirsten Dunst, Minka Kelly And More (PHOTOS) While New York Fashion Week is supposed to be about seeing the latest designs head down the runway, sometimes the stars in
New York Fashion Week During New York Fashion Week, people hit the streets decked out in their most stylish garb. We've photographed the trendiest
New York Fashion Week During New York Fashion Week, people hit the streets decked out in their most stylish garb. We've photographed the trendiest
Tavi Gevinson Teaches Jimmy Fallon How To Do Bitchface (VIDEO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Tavi Gevinson is no stranger to
Lady Gaga Shaved Head To Mourn Terry Richardson's Mother (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Check out the photo and tell us
Tavi Gevinson Teaches Jimmy Fallon How To Do Bitchface (VIDEO) The 16-year-old Rookie Mag founder sat down with Jimmy to discuss the launch of Rookie Yearbook One, her first print book
Prince William On Day 2 of their Southeast Asian trip, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge greeted hordes of fans in Queenstown, Singapore
Michael Kors Spring 2013 Show Left The Crowd Happy (PHOTOS) So we were totally pumped to make our last show of Fashion Week (yup, we're ducking out early) the Michael Kors Spring/Summer
Best Dressed of 2012 Gwyneth Paltrow! Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Having missed
Four Bloggers to Watch This Fashion Season If you're like me, whose favorite season is fashion, then you probably lose yourself during these months in endless show streams, recaps, interviews and trend talk. To help manage it all, here are four of my favorite globetrotting bloggers to give you an inside scoop.
What Really Went Down At My First Fashion Show I accompanied my roommate Sarah to Fashion's Night Out and had an incredible time. But going to a fashion show? By myself? This might be a bad idea.
9-11 Remembrance On the eleventh anniversary of 9/11, watch the video above to see what the designers had to say about their much more subdued
New York Fashion Week Backstage Beauty Backstage at Marc Jacobs' spring 2013 fashion show, the usual chaos was absent, as editors and photographers calmly made
New York Fashion Week Backstage Beauty See all of our New York Fashion Week coverage here. Photo
Keira Knightley Vogue Cover Feels Like Something We've Seen Before (PHOTO) See Keira Knightley's style evolution! The shot features Keira styled in a look that we can only describe as a futuristic
Neon Hitch, Singer/Songwriter, Has The Same Headdress As Jay-Z (VIDEO) Watch the video above to find out why she thinks she was a Queen in another life. Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist
Six Inches of Hell My legs looked ah-mazing. I could walk. Kinda. I towered over the gorgeous Lenny Kravitz-lookalike shoe salesman. My legs looked great, six inches was the only heel available and I was there to spend. Maybe shoes aren't really for mobility. I got them all.
New York Fashion Week Every season, New York Fashion Week delights, surprises and occasionally bores. But, there are always those moments year
\Hello, My Name Is...\ Don't be a name-tag grump or a fumbler; play by the rules and follow these tips for making the most of an event that provides name tags.
New York Fashion Week If you attended the Spring 2013 Diane Von Furstenberg (DVF) show  in person or online, you might have noticed more than the fashions.
I Spent The Night With Linda Evangelista...Sort Of (PHOTOS) So you can imagine how excited I was to receive an invite to sup with the supe at a Barney's dinner celebrating Rag & Bone's
Paul Frank Offends With Racist, Native American-Themed 'Dream Catchin' Party Paul Frank celebrates diversity and is inspired by many rich cultures from around the world. The theme of our Fashion's Night
Keira Knightley Vogue Cover Feels Like Something We've Seen Before (PHOTO) PHOTO
Aly Raisman Fashion Week Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Even though Ryan Lochte has been
Kate Middleton Wears Daring Prabal Gurung Dress In Singapore, Admits To Outlet Shopping (PHOTOS) Catherine attended a welcoming ceremony prior to a state dinner at Singapore's Istana in a dress that made our jaws drop
Carmen Dell'Orefice Hung Out At Fashion Week With Ryan Lochte (PHOTOS) Dell'Orefice, often referred to as the world's oldest working model, has been in the fashion biz since the '40s and is still
Abbey Dawn Fashion Show Check out the photos from the show and after party and tell us what you think of the collection. Want more? Be sure to check
Paul Frank Offends With Racist, Native American-Themed 'Dream Catchin' Party Paul Frank celebrates diversity and is inspired by many rich cultures from around the world. The theme of our Fashion's Night
Keira Knightley Vogue Cover Feels Like Something We've Seen Before (PHOTO) PHOTO
Kate Middleton & Prince William Visit Singapore, Admire Flowers (PHOTOS) After more than a year since their epic trip through Canada and California, Kate Middleton and Prince William have finally
Rumer Willis Looks Sexy In Plunging Black Dress (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Willis took to the red carpet
Abbey Dawn Fashion Show PHOTOS
What the Kardashians Can Teach You About Fashion Blogging (Content Isn't King, Branding Is) Building a brand is something that takes a lot of thought and time. Once you find what ultimately makes your readers tick on both a materialistic level and a human level, people will be able to relate to you and your words.
The Tyranny of the Hem Lines It was the '80s, and sure, the decade was a sea of fashion what-were-we-thinking, but despite the sickening wave of pastels and shoulder pads, a woman had a choice of hemlines. From trampy mini to hippie chic, every length was the right length.
Chic Choker Necklaces For Fall 2012 (PHOTOS) We saw choker necklaces make a comeback last spring, and despite a brief respite this summer due to the heat (who wants to
It Is Definitely Floral for Fashion Week (PHOTOS) Don't get rid of your floral-prints clothes you have -- not yet, as the upcoming trend for Spring 2013 is going to blossom-you-away.
New York Fashion Week Backstage Beauty See all of our New York Fashion Week coverage here. http://www.kerastase-usa.com/_en/_us/conso/products/elixirultime/index.aspx
Brooke Shields Has A Spray-Tan Disaster At Diana Vreeland Movie Premiere (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Yao Xingtong Wears Shockingly Sheer Dress At Toronto Film Festival (PHOTOS) For the premiere of \In Conversation With... Jackie Chan\ yesterday, the 29-year-old opted for a paper-thin white gown that
Alec Baldwin On Lincoln Center's Paparazzi, Joan Smalls Thanks Cindy Crawford And More Fashion Week Tweets Of The Day While some members of the fashion industry were nursing hangovers from Opening Ceremony's 10th anniversary bash at Webster
Karl Lagerfeld Without Sunglasses And if we're being honest, Karl has changed over the years. He wasn't born with the sunglasses on, after all. The German
Lady Gaga Flashes Major Cleavage At 2012 Paralympics After-Party (PHOTOS) If we didn't know any better, we would have thought Lady Gaga was now a married woman. The out-there star celebrated the
Lena Dunham Cut Her Hair Off! (PHOTOS, POLL) For proof, Dunham took her new hair out for a spin in front of some tough critics at designer Rachel Antonoff's New York
Zac Posen Enlists Naomi Campbell, Coco Rocha & Karolina Kurkova For Fashion Week (PHOTOS) Except that 15, then 30 then 45 minutes went by and Posen's show still hadn't started. \Divas,\ a fellow show-goer said to
Angelina Jolie, Reese Witherspoon And 14 Stylish Parents Who Have Major School Drop-Off Style (PHOTOS) Any parent will tell you that raising kids is far from a walk in the park. The juggling never ends
Kate Middleton Pregnant? Star Magazine Breathlessly Calls It (PHOTO) See the full shebang of Kate Middleton baby rumors
Anna Dello Russo Singing 'Fashion Shower' for H&M, Raquel Zimmermann for Lanvin And More Of The Best Fashion-Dance Videos (WATCH) When we watched Anna Dello Russo dance her fashionable butt off in a new music video for H&M, we started thinking about how
The Last Adventure of Summer, Italian Style August is always the calm before the storm of fashion week. It's that last beautiful time of summer where you can slip away for a few days and get lost in an adventure or sleep your days away under the sun. It's in the waning days of August that I found myself with an incredible offer for a last Summer getaway to Italy to explore the islands of Sardinia, Positano and Capri. The perfect chance to shop, indulge in great food and recharge before the craziness of September sets in...
Alexander Wang's Spring 2013 Collection Gets Animated In Our Fashion GIF Of The Day (PHOTO) This week, FashGif takes on this sexy white dress from Alexander Wang's Spring 2013 collection. Now those are some cut outs
A Crispness in the Air Is it a coincidence that the first cool day of Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week saw a crispness in the clothing as well as the air?
Diane Von Furstenberg's Google Glasses Bring Geek-Chic To Fashion Week (PHOTOS) The purpose, reports the New York Times, was for the glasses to record footage from the models' perspective which would be
Brooke Shields Has A Spray-Tan Disaster At Diana Vreeland Movie Premiere (PHOTOS) Brooke Shields is having issues. Orange issues. The 47-year-old model, mom and Broadway star popped up at the premiere of
New York Fashion Week Front Row Stars Include David Beckham, Kate Bosworth And More (PHOTOS) The front row at New York Fashion Week is always full of surprises. At Y-3 Sunday evening, David Beckham made his second
Nick Gruber Is Working On A Reality Show (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. \The show is basically about me
Blake Lively's Wedding Dress Was Marchesa, Not Chanel (!) For more details, click over to Martha Stewart Weddings, which has the exclusive scoop for its December issue. The shoes
Gwyneth Paltrow Stuns In Backless Dress At Toronto International Film Festival (PHOTOS) See more celebs in backless dresses! It seems like Gwynnie has been veering sexier and sexier with her fashion choices lately
Who To Follow On Pinterest Welcome to a very special edition of Hot On Pinterest. In this week's installment, we bring you five of the most stylish
This Week In Beauty With all that beauty-obsession (and our own love of makeup) in mind, we're taking a look at This Week In Beauty. From this
Carine Roitfeld Celebrates 'CR Fashion Book' With Kate Upton, Karlie Kloss And More Supermodels (PHOTOS) Although the models roamed throughout the party, Carine Roitfeld was still queen (she even upstaged Alessandra Ambrosio in
Jennifer Lawrence Shows Off Two Very Different Looks At TIFF 2012 (PHOTOS) More celeb style from TIFF 2012
Mindy Kaling Jokes About Fashion Week, Bill Cunningham Wears A Tuxedo And More Tweets Of The Day Between shows like Altuzarra, Prabal Gurung and Alexander Wang and the launch of Carine Roitfeld's new magazine CR Fashion
Gwyneth Paltrow Stuns In Backless Dress At Toronto International Film Festival (PHOTOS) See more celebs in backless dresses! What do you think of Gwyneth's outfit at the Toronto International Film Festival? PHOTOS
Carine Roitfeld Celebrates 'CR Fashion Book' With Kate Upton, Karlie Kloss And More Supermodels (PHOTOS) Kate Upton, the magazine's first cover girl, was in attendance, looking glamorous and sultry in a low cut gown with smokey
Hollister Models Mock Asians At Opening Of South Korea Store Hollister had brought in four models for the marketing event that lasted from August 30 until September 2, according to koreaBANG
Fashionably Late Style Quiz So, you think you're a real fashionista, hmm? Well, then step right up and take HuffPost Style's Fashionably Late Style Quiz
A Fresh Eye on a Fresh Palette There's always a moment on the first day of the shows where you feel like your eyeballs spin like a slot machine, and you
Julianne Moore Wows At Toronto Film Festival In Plunging Dress (PHOTOS) Julianne Moore has established herself as one to watch on the red carpet. The stunning redhead always seems to look impossibly
Liberty Ross Alexander Wang And since Liberty's already ditched the wedding ring, this may just be the ultimate way to prove that she's not going to
Diane Von Furstenberg Shows Obama Support During FNO See more fashion people with strong political views! \Everyone here better be a Democrat; no Republicans. Make sure you go
New York Fashion Week While what happens on the runway is obviously the main focus of New York Fashion Week, the celebrities in the front row often
New York Fashion Week During New York Fashion Week most of the attention is on the designers and their collections. However, we've turned the camera
New York Fashion Week Blisters, Sad Dinners, IPhone Autocorrects And More Tweets Of The Day New York Fashion Week is much less glamorous than it seems on TV. In reality, it's hot, there's a lot of running around, shoes
Kendall And Kylie Jenner Model In Sherri Hill Spring 2013 Runway Show (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Check out the photos from the
Liberty Ross Alexander Wang And since Liberty's already ditched the wedding ring, this may just be the ultimate way to prove that she's not going to
Julianne Moore Wows At Toronto Film Festival In Plunging Dress (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. While attending the premiere for
Diane Von Furstenberg Shows Obama Support During FNO Did you have trouble balancing fashion and political priorities (not to mention, watching the VMAs) during Fashion's Night
Kendall And Kylie Jenner Model In Sherri Hill Spring 2013 Runway Show (PHOTOS) Even though the pressure was on for the girls to turn it out (budding fashion designer and Olympian Ryan Lochte was in attendance
Claudia Schiffer, Helena Christensen & Naomi Campbell In 1988 Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Yet the start of a new season
Fashion's Night Out, MTV's VMA Awards And Obama's Speech Last night, there was a little too much going on
Princess Eugenie's Paralympics Dress Is Impressively On-Trend (PHOTOS) Totally. But not, like, instead of Kate. We're still a little obsessed. PHOTOS
FNO 2012 Photos Fashion's Night Out is always a star-studded event. And even though it took place on the same night as MTV's VMA Awards (and
Princess Eugenie's Paralympics Dress Is Impressively On-Trend (PHOTOS) Totally. But not, like, instead of Kate. We're still a little obsessed. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on
Kristen Stewart Stuns In First Red Carpet Appearance Since Scandal (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. PHOTOS
Malia And Sasha Obama Are Beyond Adorable At 2012 Democratic Convention (PHOTOS) Sasha decided to fall perfectly in suit with her mom and grandma in a cute printed frock. The black and white patterned was
'Fashion's Night Out' Gives Boost To Retailers From New York To Milan \If you like it, you're going to buy it anyway,\ she said. \We always have good selling and (FNO) gets people in the door
'Project Runway' Contestants Argue 'Like Boris And Natasha' (VIDEO) Eight remain as \Project Runway\ continues Thursdays at 9 p.m. ET on Lifetime. TV Replay scours the vast television landscape
Makeover Video As a female pilot, hours of flying can bring with it some unique beauty challenges. The hot condition of the cockpit (as
Fashion GIF Of The Week We've teamed up with Greta Larkins, the genius behind the brilliant Tumblr FashGif in a weekly series of animated fashion
Jessica Hart Should Always Wear Crop Tops (PHOTO) WHAT
VMA 2012 Fashion One thing we can always expect from the MTV Video Music Awards is serious fashion risks. This year didn't disappoint as stars
My First Fashion's Night Out Experience Was A Huge Surprise My first \Fashion's Night Out.\ Or is it \Fashion night out?\ I have no idea because I am by no means a fashion expert. Or a fashionista. Or someone who knows really anything about fashion. I played sports in college (and for some reason the two don't go hand-in-hand), I shop at H&M, and I just found out yesterday that Scoop is, in fact, not an upscale ice-cream store.  So when my roommate told me we'd be going to \Fashion's Night Out,\ I had no idea what to expect. Or what to wear.
Michelle Obama Gray Nail Polish Sparks Trend Artistic Nail Design's U.S. headquarters had an influx of calls from manicurists on Thursday interested in \stocking the
Fall Nail Colors 2012 For more of Jenna's tips and expert advice on fall trends, don't miss her OpenSky.com collection launching September 10. A
Mini Kristen Stewart, Wild DNC Street Style And More Instagram Photos Of The Week Here at Stylelist and HuffPost Style, we're constantly snapping photos of (and adding the most flattering filter) the most
What's Jonathan Taylor Thomas Up To Now? (PHOTOS) As middle brother Randy Taylor on the long-running '90s TV show \Home Improvement,\ Jonathan Taylor Thomas secured teen heartthrob
'House Of Style' Hosts Revealed Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Will you \tune in\ on October
Miley Cyrus VMA 2012 Dress Features Plunging Cleavage Along With Her Shaved Head (PHOTOS) But Cyrus didn't stop there, opting for bold dagger-shaped earrings and a glittering Edie Parker clutch to complete the rock
Sonny Coates, Songwriter, Calls Mr. T His Style Icon (VIDEO) If Sonny Coates' piercing blue eyes don't captivate you, his humble nature and smooth voice will. The musician, who does
14 Reasons Why Mixing Gold And Silver Jewelry Is No Longer A Faux Pas (PHOTOS) Gold prices are at an all-time high these days. (Chalk it up to supply and demand, emerging markets and all that good stuff
Tassel Loafers Are A Must-Have Addition To Womens' Arsenal Of Flats This Fall (PHOTOS) Flats are an important part of any woman's shoe collection. While heels look lovely, we all know that running around town
New York Fashion Week While what happens on the runway is obviously the main focus of New York Fashion Week, the celebrities in the front row often
New York Fashion Week Party Photos New York Fashion Week is all about the parties. And, with so many celebrities in town, it's no surprise that many of them
Miley Cyrus VMA 2012 Dress Features Plunging Cleavage Along With Her Shaved Head (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Miley Cyrus' short blonde pixie
Kate Upton Covers CR Fashion Book With Baby Chicks (PHOTOS) Say what you will about Upton, but to our mind picking Kate makes perfect sense
Lane Bryant Photoshop Mess Has Us Confused (PHOTOS, POLL) We kid, of course. No one ever encourages walking into bushes. But this recent Lane Bryant ad, posted on PhotoshopDisasters.com
Chic in the Queen City As an arbiter of modern Southern style, it's been a delight to see which of the current style statements revealed themselves at the DNC here in Charlotte, the heart of the New South. Wow, what a kick!
VMA 2012 Photos Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Because tonight are the 2012 MTV
Michelle Obama's Full Fashion Analysis at the D.N.C. Today, Vanity Fair national political editor Todd S. Purdum discussed the \substance\ and \words\ and \point\ of First Lady Michelle Obama's flawless speech at last night's Democratic National Convention. This post will not be covering any of that.
Trending This Week Do we see a new trend on the fashion world horizon? We've got the clothes and, oh yeah, you should be listening to this. At least we don't have to feel crushed when it doesn't come in anything above a size 4.
Kim Kardashian's Cleavage At 'Du Jour' Magazine Party Is Leaving Us Speechless (PHOTOS, POLL) Kim Kardashian's body is legendarily amazing -- we're sure we don't have to explain to anyone who's ever seen the reality
Fashion Week Parties Swarm New York City (PHOTOS) Check out last night's party snaps... and just envision the hangovers everyone's nursing today. Happy first day of Fashion
Back-To-School Outfits As a fashion-obsessed child, picking out a back-to-school outfit was basically the most important thing I would do that entire
Hillary Clinton Looks Sharp In Brunei (PHOTOS) But there's no break for Mrs. Clinton. Today, she becomes the first top U.S. diplomat to visit all 10 members of the Association
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) GET READY, GET SET, BID!!! Which item is your favorite? Leave me a comment below to let me know and please take a minute
Christian Louboutin vs. YSL 'Red Soles' Court Case Takes A New Twist What do all these Louboutins and YSL heels look like? Check out some below
Christina Aguilera Photoshopped On The Cover Of Lucky Magazine? (PHOTO) How Photoshopped is Christina this time around? Check out the latest Lucky cover and decide for yourself. Also be sure to
Heidi Klum's Sexy Divorce Dress Shows Seal What He's Missing (PHOTO) How do you respond when told by an ex husband to have \more class\ and not \fornicate with the help\? Well, for starters
Bonnie Wright, Karen Gillan Pose In Historic London Locations For Marie Claire UK (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Katie Holmes For Bobbi Brown Would Make Total Sense Katie's much-hyped Fashion Week show on September 9 will prove whether she's got the talent and mettle to make it as a designer
Fashion's Night Out Ads See highlights from Fashion's Night Out 2011
VMA Fashion Anyone who's ever seen the MTV Video Music Awards knows that evening gowns and cocktail dresses have no place on the red
Best Eye Creams For Fine Lines, Dark Circles, Puffiness And Beyond Having just flown back on a red-eye flight this morning, my mind is heavily on my not-so-wide awake eyes. While I'm battling
Heidi Klum's Sexy Divorce Dress Shows Seal What He's Missing (PHOTO) Even though we doubt the mother of four had any vindictive intentions with her choice of dress, we can't help but feel that
Christina Aguilera Photoshopped On The Cover Of Lucky Magazine? (PHOTO) Unfortunately, it doesn't seem like Lucky loves her as much as we do. In the cover pic, sporting trendy double denim, Christina
Michelle Obama Wows In Pink Tracy Reese Dress At Democratic National Convention Speech 2012 (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. PHOTOS
Katie Holmes For Bobbi Brown Would Make Total Sense It wouldn't be Katie's first ad campaign since the whole divorce episode, as she lent her face to luxury jeweler H. Stern
Fashion's Night Out Ads And now, the epic geographical battle has hitched its wagon to another longstanding event
Carolyn Kellman Sues Forever 21 Over Alleged 'Penny-Pinching Scheme' Check out some designer collaborations from fast fashion retailers. Carolyn Kellman, a Florida-based lawyer touted as a \fashionista
VMA Fashion Anyone who's ever seen the MTV Video Music Awards knows that evening gowns and cocktail dresses have no place on the red
Bridal Gown Designer Sareh Nouri on Her Love of Art and Inspirations In 2009, after designing the 'ideal' gown of her dreams for her own wedding, Ms. Nouri decided to create a collection of bridal gowns for other brides-to-be.
Herm\u00e8s' Festival Des M\u00e9tiers Highlights Artisans Who Make Its Famous Bags, Scarves And More (PHOTOS) Check out our photos below to see the artisans at Herm\u00e8s' Festival des M\u00e9tiers creating their goods. When you see how much
Carolyn Kellman Sues Forever 21 Over Alleged 'Penny-Pinching Scheme' The suit encompasses anyone in the last five years who claims they were charged one cent more or refunded one cent less than
Britney Spears To Elle See how Britney's fashion has changed! PHOTOS
Ports 1961, HuffPost Style Showcase Designs From Parsons Fashion MFAs And Hetrick-Martin Youth During Fashion's Night Out 2012 (PHOTOS) With so many options for Fashion's Night Out, it's hard to choose where to go. But HuffPost Style will be setting up shop
How to Give Yourself an All-Natural 'Hand-Lift' Our hands work darn hard. Whether they are frantically typing away on keyboards, updating our facebook pages, gardening or washing dishes -- our hands are exposed to the elements.
Carine Roitfeld Launches Website, CRFashionBook.com, As Online Extension Of New Magazine This entree into the digital space is an extension of the theme of rebirth that plays throughout the launch issue of CR Fashion
Joanna Coles Named Editor In Chief At Cosmopolitan Here\u2019s yet another shakeup to add to the latest round of editorial musical chairs
Katie Couric Slams Kate Middleton For Being 'Too Thin' Katie's off-the-cuff comments are just the latest in the dialogue about Kate's weight. It was reported that she lost 10 pounds
What The Stylelist Staff Bought This Weekend On the weekends, we Stylelist editors practice what we preach, which entails scouring flea markets, shopping online and occasionally
Sophie Turner, Model, Wears Sheer Skirt With Thong, Tweets All About It (PHOTOS) For more ways to go sheer... Some of us might be fearful of combining a sheer skirt with a thong. Not so Sophie Turner, an
Zara Steals Street Artist's Design For T-Shirt? (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Waldo is confident that there's
Princess Eugenie Shows Some Leg In LBD At Freddie Mercury Event (PHOTOS) This hasn't always been the case though (see her outfit from last year's Freddie Mercury event for proof). The princess and
The Ultimate in Style and Grace Rebecca \Becca\ Kirtman was a special teen with an enormous heart and resolve. At the young age of 15, she was already working on the framework for what was to become her legacy.
Best Style Quotes Wearing white after Labor Day is socially acceptable ... these days. In the past, it was a major fashion faux pas. In our
Carine Roitfeld Launches Website, CRFashionBook.com, As Online Extension Of New Magazine This entree into the digital space is an extension of the theme of rebirth that plays throughout the launch issue of CR Fashion
Kristen Stewart Bares Her Bra, Soul To Vogue UK Hm, you don't say? As she works herself back into the public's good graces, K-Stew could use more unassuming, inoffensive
Stefano Pilati Takes Over Ermenegildo Zegna Meanwhile Galliano is embroiled in an $18 million lawsuit against his former employer, Dior. So there you have it, folks
Democratic Style The style savvy of the Democratic party has been a HuffPost Style pet passion since 2008 when we launched , the same year
Hermes Sues LVMH Again To Retain Control Over The Brand Check out some celebs with Herm\u00e8s bags! UPDATE
Plus Size Clothing For Kids That's the question that the \Today\ show posed yesterday during a segment highlighting increased availability of plus sizes
Kristen Stewart Bares Her Bra, Soul To Vogue UK Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Hm, you don't say? See Kristen
Old Navy T-Shirt Mistake A company spokesperson told ESPN that it would be pulling the shirts from the stores. At the time of writing, the shirt seems
Models' Instagram Photos Prove That They Have Awesome Vacations (PHOTOS) Whether it's Heidi Klum tweeting a sexy bikini photo with the caption \Finally........relaxation!!\ or Bar Rafaeli posting
Kate Middleton Hands Out Gold Medals At The 2012 Paralympics (PHOTOS) After a long stretch of seeing the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge out at every 2012 Olympics event this summer, the royal
Hilary Duff Dons Leather Leggings, Tube Top For Night Out (PHOTOS) So we commend any famous mummy who says, \Screw the paparazzi and the tabloids, I'm going out!\ New mom Hilary Duff, who
How Cleaning My Closet In Fall Gives Me A Fresh Start (PHOTOS) While the rest of the world waits for the cooler months and the leaves to change colors, I look forward to September to begin my version of spring cleaning.
Hilary Duff Dons Leather Leggings, Tube Top For Night Out (PHOTOS) Check out Hilary's \going-out\ outfit below. Are you a fan of leather leggings? Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost
Why Ugly People Shouldn't Bother With Fashion It's a\u00a0Saturday afternoon\u00a0and, having told me that my wardrobe is a little \tired\, my girlfriend\u00a0decides to take me shopping in Shoreditch. We go to a store called A.P.C. It's French, which is apparently justification for charging \u00a375 for a t-shirt.
Marc Jacobs in Garage Magazine Marc Jacobs\u2019 fall collection centers around old-lady chic
Michelle Obama At The 2008 Convention And Today Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. So much has changed in four years
Rachel Zoe Clothing Line Dropped From Selfridges Check out Rachel Zoe's style! The latest from the the rumor mill? According to The Daily Mail, Rachel won't be making an
This Week In Beauty We spend lots of time focusing on what stars wear (and any wardrobe malfunctions they may have), but what about what they
Rachel Weisz Wears Voluminous Tiered Ruffles While attending \The Bourne Legacy\ premiere at the American Film Festival in France yesterday, the 42-year-old glowed on
Rachel Zoe Clothing Line Dropped From Selfridges \Rachel will not be doing any public appearances in London. Her London launch didn't go as well as she'd hoped. Selfridges
Rachel Weisz Wears Voluminous Tiered Ruffles See Rachel Weisz's style evolution and see why she's totally our girl crush. PHOTO
Florence Welch In Patterns, Prints And Paisley (PHOTO) WHAT
Fashion Trivia Quiz Do you know which model was on the first season of MTV's \The City\? Or which fashion designer's first husband was an Italian
Princess Charlene Stuns In Dress She Wore Just Last Month, Changes Up Hairstyle (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. During the match between Chelsea
Salma Hayek Looks Absolutely Stunning In Plunging Dress (PHOTO) Do you like Salma's risqu\u00e9 evening gown or is it too much cleavage for you? Check out the photo below and tell us what you
Nigel Barker Forgives Tyra For Getting The Axe From ANTM We were definitely sad to see Nigel Barker get fired from \America's Next Top Model\ during Tyra Banks' unfortunate restructuring
Ann Romney Vogue Profile Fell Through So why the cold shoulder, Ann? Maybe now that she's officially made her style debut at the Republican National Convention
Worst-Dressed List This week we saw young stars stepping out in styles from a different era. Miley Cyrus, sporting her new undercut 'do, channeled
Fashionably Late Style Quiz So, you think you're a real fashionista, hmm? Well, then step right up and take HuffPost Style's Fashionably Late Style Quiz
Abercrombie & Fitch Fails To Impress Teens With Sex Appeal Read more at BusinessWeek.com and sound off below
Princess Diana & Kate Moss Shake Hands Kate Moss also made an appearance, resulting in the fabulous photo opp below. Queen Elizabeth II has met all sorts of cool
Black and White Transitional Dressing Our solution to simplify dressing in the swing month of September is to combine the summer fresh whites, and the ubiquitous urban blacks into a fresh fall look. All of these dresses can go from coffee to cocktails with great ease.
Lara Stone Dances For Calvin Klein & It's Awkward (VIDEO) You might have seen the new Lara Stone video this morning, the one where Stone gets her groove on to the vintage sounds of
Kirsten Dunst's Different Shoes Have Us Confused (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. PHOTOS
The Long and the Short of It Often, people view their hair as an afterthought; something to be dealt with, or in extreme cases -- a \huge pain in the derri\u00e8re.\ It really shouldn't be this way. Your hair is an incredibly important accessory.
New York Fashion Week Fashion crowd-watching is almost as much fun as craning your neck for a glimpse of next season's looks. Here's to the hassle, excitement, personal wardrobes and personalities of NYFW.
Half-Up, Half-Down Hair Meanwhile, see what a difference a hair part makes. Keep it real... and simple Half-up, half-down hairstyles can complement
Charlotte Dawson, 'Australia's Next Top Model' Judge, Hospitalized After Reported Suicide Attempt There's one bit of good news
Fashion Gif Of The Week This week, FashGif takes on this diamond-patterned dress from Givenchy's resort 2013 collection. With a moving dress like
The Naked Face Project When my colleagues suggested that we go a few days without makeup, I sneered as if it was no big deal. Could I forego my overpriced tinted moisturizer and mascara routine altogether?
Rihanna, Miley Cyrus And More Go Punk With Undercut Hairstyle (PHOTOS) We're realizing that most trends from the '90s (good and not so good) have a way of reintroducing themselves. The undercut
Lord & Taylor Debuts 'Project Runway' Collection (PHOTOS) While you can see the clothes that the designer craft on Lifetime's \Project Runway,\ now in its tenth season, you can't
Irina Shayk Almost Bares Too Much Cleavage At UEFA Event (PHOTOS) Scroll down for more photos. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. The
Ellie Goulding Reveals The 5 Things She Can't Live Without On Tour (PHOTOS) We've been fans of British singer Ellie Goulding since we first heard her single \Lights\ in 2010, so we can't wait for her
Galliano and Armstrong What do you do with the years Galliano was named British Designer of the Year or the way Armstrong revitalized American interest in the sport of cycling?
NARS Lauches Andy Warhol Collection \In the future everyone will be famous for 15 minutes,\ Andy Warhol once said. The poppy palettes are named after some of
Style Tips We've Been Following Since We Were Kids (PHOTOS) Every week, editors from all across the Huffington Post, including our team on Stylelist, take a look back at the style tips
Spring Clothes Are On Sale, And There's No Reason You Can't Wear Them This Fall (PHOTOS) All those spring trends that you admired from afar (we know, the ol' budget ain't what it used to be) are seriously marked
6 Indie Perfumes You Need to Sniff Now While we tried over 100 scents, I fell in love with six of them, all different, but complex and interesting. Some are just launching, others have been around for a few years, but all are making a big splash in the perfume world.
Sylvia Kristel, Miss TV Europe, In A Floral Crop Top (PHOTO) In this 1973 photo she poses on top of a Mercedes in a racy floral crop top. We love how she paired it with a button-up suede
6 Ways A Turtleneck Crop Top Can Take Your Wardrobe From Summer To Fall (PHOTOS) The holes in our ratty jean shorts are the first sign that summer is on its way out. It's time to start thinking about putting
Beauty Street Style Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Photo/Art
Rihanna, Kim Kardashian And 36 More Stars Love Louis Vuitton Bags (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. I did go on to buy the larger \Speedy
Zoe Saldana Matches Her Cast To Her Outfit (PHOTO) WHO
Peggy Lipton Style Evolution Meanwhile, find out Peggy Lipton's secrets for dressing fabulously. Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) Which item is your favorite? Leave me a comment below to let me know and please take a minute to rate your favorite slides
The 8 Most Common Red Carpet Fashion Mistakes (PHOTOS) With next Thursday's VMAs unofficially kicking off another award season, it's time to start thinking about red carpet style
Coco Rocha On Being A 'Natural' Redhead, Sporting Pink Ombre Hair At The 2012 Met Gala & More (PHOTOS) While it was indeed a stunning transformation for the social media-loving muse, it's also a part of the unglamorous side
Conceal Dark Circles With... Orange Eye Makeup (VIDEO) First, she preps the area with a primer to fill in creases. Next, Kirbie looks directly into the mirror, lowers chin to her
Alec Friedman, Editor Of Dossier Journal, And His Classic Style (VIDEO) Soft-spoken, well-dressed and humble is how you would describe Alec Friedman if you happened to meet him on the street. A
Michael Jackson Is My Three-Year-Old Son's Style Icon (PHOTOS) Today, just as Michael Jackson would be turning 54 years old, I hope he can look down upon my three-year-old son and smile. He should be proud to know that even in his absence, his music, fashion and incredible dance moves are resurrected and celebrated daily by my very fair skinned, freckled-faced, redheaded child.
Michael Jackson Style Evolution From Black Voices
EyeTrackShop Presidential Study Measures How Each Candidate Draws Our Attention (INFOGRAHIC) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. EyeTrackShop is a market research
Miranda Kerr's Baby Flynn Already Wants To Model Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Even though he's not even two
US Open Style Moments The US Open Tennis Championship kicked off this Monday in New York, and of all the Grand Slams, this one is our favorite
I Feel Most Beautiful In... Running Shoes (PHOTOS) The old adage is true
Florence Welch's Ravishing Red Hair Rocks My World (PHOTOS) Dear Florence Welch, I've got a thing for your red hair. You've teased me over the years by returning to your roots to toe the brunette line, but I want to make a plea for you to remain an effervescent redhead.
Prue Acton, Olympic Uniform Designer, In An Awesome Top Hat (PHOTO) Born in 1943, Prue Acton is an Australian fashion designer who established her own apparel business at the age of 20. By
Best Style Quotes Last week we took a look back at some of our favorite quotes about aging with style. This week, we've rounded up some words
FNO 2012 Want more? Watch the star-studded PSA below and be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest
Urban Outfitters Sparks Controversy With Pro-Drinking T-Shirts (PHOTOS, POLL) Not all of these controversies garnered the same amount of outrage, of course. But Urban Outfitters does know its way around
5 Lessons From Honor Blackman, 86-Year-Old Bond Girl (PHOTOS) So, why is Blackman still self-conscious? Take a peek at our gallery below to find out and head over to Telegraph.co.uk for
Do Straws Cause Lip Lines And Wrinkles? Top Derms Give Us The Answer In this week's installment of Beauty Myths, we spoke with dermatologists Dr. Heather Woolery-Lloyd, founder of Specific Beauty
Tyra Banks A Harvard Business School Graduate? Well, Not Exactly (VIDEO) Tyra Banks is many things. A word of advice for America's television viewers
Kate Upton For Skullcandy PHOTOS
Queen Elizabeth II Wears A Hoodie While Driving A Range Rover (PHOTO) Queen Elizabeth II is cooler than any of us. She raises corgis, parachutes from planes with James Bond (sort of) and hangs
Angela Rockwood, Paraplegic Model, Lands Huge Nordstrom Campaign See some \Push Girls\ highlights! Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest
World's Most Expensive Paper Lunch Bag Will Cost You $290 Behold! The world's most expensive paper lunch bag will set you back a pretty penny. Designer Jil Sander's Vasari bag, which
Fall 2012 Makeup Trends While temps are still a bit high to test drive the massive, feathered chapeaux that paraded down the runways, it's never too early to begin experimenting with makeup trends.
Modeling Camp NYC \Good Morning America\ took cameras inside Modeling Camp NYC, a week-long fashion camp aimed at teaching girls between 12
Carly Rae Jepsen Tries To Dress More Stylishly For 'Fashion' Magazine (PHOTOS) Can Carly use style to pull off a Britney Spears-eque transition out of teen pop stardom? Peep the cover below and check
Michelle Williams Has Playground Style Down (PHOTO) Pacific Coast News Click here to see Michelle Williams' style evolution. WHAT
The Best Backpacks For Fall 2012...Even If You're Not Headed Back To School (PHOTOS) Fall is right around the corner -- and for many of us, that means it's time for back-to-school shopping. Gone are the days
Republican Style We've been covering the style of the 2012 political players ad nauseam here on HuffPost Style. Mitt Romney's jeans? Paul
Kourtney Kardashian, Justin Timberlake & More Celebrities Embrace The Geek Chic Look (PHOTOS) 3. Pleated trousers are no longer just for lawyers. Beware of billowy pleats though
Grace Kelly, Princess of Monaco, Will Always Be A Style Icon (PHOTO) Art by Raydene Salinas Gamma-Rapho via Getty Images Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr
Serena Williams, Tennis Legend, Stuns In A Red Dress (PHOTO) Shop a similar look below, and check out more of our Look Of The Day picks. Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on
Who To Follow On Pinterest In our latest installment of Hot On Pinterest, we bring you five of the most fashionable pinners that have caught our attention
DIY Nail Art Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Photos
Curly Hair Woes I had been going to the same salon for 10 years and needed a change, so I made an appointment with the curly hair expert.
Underwear Ads For Men Feature David Beckham, Thom Evans & More Wearing Next-To-Nothing (PHOTOS) With women like Natalie Portman taking it all off for Dior and Candice Swanepoel getting steamy for Brian Atwood, we thought
Finding Love at the Apple Store This week I celebrated a very important anniversary. Just three years ago I fell in serious \like\ at the Apple store with a special guy whom I now fondly refer to as the \Apple Guy.\
Cute Clogs That Will Take You From Summer Into Fall (PHOTOS) When I was younger, we would travel to Norway every year to visit extended family. Each summer, along with stuffing myself
Christy Turlington's Daughter Models With Her Mom For DuJour Magazine (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. See more model moms! Turlington
Interview With Birgit Muller (Three-time Emmy Award Winning Designer) Finally, five minutes before our expected meeting time, I saw this blonde petite woman sporting an up-do ponytail and a beautiful warm smile approach me. She was everything and nothing that I thought she would be.
The Fashion Whip Some fashionistas dream about Mercedes Benz Fashion Week - I dream about the Republican and Democratic National Conventions. Who will wear what? Will my \bundle\ method of packing suitcases with shirt, tie and accessory combos make it safely to baggage claim? Will the political elite log in to check their online style albums? Many of my clients are moving from C-SPAN to Primetime for the next two weeks and the stakes are higher.
Beauty Street Style In our Beauty Street Style series, we find inspiring women around New York City and get the secrets, products and tricks
Victoria's Secret Sued For $15 Million In Knockoff Hosiery Lawsuit Read more intricate details of the case over at WWD, and see some images being used in the suit below. Zephyrs, a hosiery
Princess Victoria Kicks Off Stockholm Fashion Week (PHOTOS) See pics of the glowing Princess Victoria and a grainy, on-the-scene video of Stockholm Fashion Week below. But Michelle
Katy Perry Tries Orange Hair For L'Officiel Cover (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. See how Katy Perry's hairstyles
DSW Cinderella Shoe Goes Head-To-Head With Christian Louboutin (PHOTOS, POLL) DSW got together with Disney for The Glass Slipper Collection, a limited edition range that will hit stores and dsw.com on
Michele Bachmann Looks Better Than Ever In Black & White Dress In Tampa (PHOTOS) See more of Michele Bachmann's style
Christina Aguilera's 'Your Body' Dress Doesn't Leave Much To The Imagination (PHOTO) We're not talking about small detailing here. We're talking gaping, side boob and rear-revealing holes all over her dress
Barbara Parkins, 'Peyton Place' and 'Valley Of The Dolls' Actress, Looked So '60s In A Printed Dress (PHOTO) Shop the look and check out more from our A Look Back archives
Eva Mendes Steps Out Without Her Best Accessory, Ryan Gosling (PHOTO) Click here to see Eva Mendes' style evolution. WHAT
Jessica Alba Hair Transformation When it was all said and done, Jessica tweeted, \She got roots that Nancy.\ And she sure does. Even though the ombre trend
Kate Moss Reportedly Replaced By Gisele Bundchen As The Face Of David Yurman (PHOTOS) See some more Gisele Bundchen ads. Is she a good replacement for Kate Moss? Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style
What The Underwear On 'Girls' Says About The Characters For those who aren't familiar, the dramedy was created by 26-year-old Lena Dunham who also stars in the show. The series
Iman Is 'Fabulous,' Terry Richardson On Manzilians And More Tweets Of The Week Like the rest of the world, we spend a lot of time on Twitter. A lot. It's not only how we get our news and procrastinate
Speakerphone Etiquette Not long ago while traveling on an Amtrak train, the woman seated directly in front of me was using her phone as a speaker so all passengers could here her dual conversation.  She wasn't in an office with the door closed, and her call was disruptive to everyone around her.
Iman Is 'Fabulous,' Terry Richardson On Manzilians And More Tweets Of The Week Like the rest of the world, we spend a lot of time on Twitter. A lot. It's not only how we get our news and procrastinate
Ali Larter's Ombre Ruffled Tube Dress Ali Larter isn't so much known for her body of work as her, um, body. Every time the 36-year-old actress leaves the house
This Week In Beauty We spend lots of time focusing on what stars wear (and any wardrobe malfunctions they may have), but what about what they
Ali Larter's Ombre Ruffled Tube Dress See more celebs in leggy looks! Would the \Heroes\ star have been better off opting for a more flattering shape? Probably
Jessica Alba Hair Transformation Jessica Alba's been hard at work being a Hollywood mom and prepping for the follow-up to the 2005 cult hit \Sin City.\ The
Kate Moss Reportedly Replaced By Gisele Bundchen As The Face Of David Yurman (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Josephine Baker Wore A White Cut Out Dress In Paris In The 1920s (PHOTO) She may not be wearing a fruit-tastic skirt in the photo below from the '20s, but we're still in love with her simple look
Fashionably Late Style Quiz So, you think you're a real fashionista, hmm? Well, then step right up and take HuffPost Style's Fashionably Late Style Quiz
Claudia Schiffer Style Evolution Claudia Schiffer, the German-born, Brigitte Bardot look-a-like, was discovered in a nightclub in 1987. She immediately flew
Katy Perry Flashes Her Bra In A Completely Sheer Dress (PHOTOS) See more celebs in sheer! Did they pull it off? PHOTOS
Princess Mary Of Denmark Stuns In Orange Dress, Reminds Us Of Kate Middleton (PHOTOS) While the Australian-turned-Danish-royal definitely conjured images of the Duchess of Cambridge, she looked stunning in the
Wardrobe Malfunctions Photos This week's wardrobe malfunctions (and close calls) brought us the typical blunders but with some lethal twists. Summer will
Maria Sharapova Shows Off Her Gams In Flirty Florals (PHOTO) Doug Meszler / Splash News Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Shop a similar
I Use Placenta On My Hair -- And It's Great! The concoction consisted of almond oil, tomato juice and placenta. Yes, placenta--like afterbirth.
Fashion Gif Of The Week This week, FashGif takes on the striped patterns from Chlo\u00e9's resort 2013 collection. We always love stripes, but what we
Princess Camilla of Bourbon-Two Sicilies Rocks A Tattoo (PHOTOS) We're bothering to learn all this, of course, because Princess Camilla is one fashion-loving lady. Her typical red carpet
Fall 2012 Makeup Trends While temps are still a bit high to test drive the massive, feathered chapeaux that paraded down the runways, it's never too early to begin experimenting with makeup trends.
Kim Kardashian's Closet Gets Cleaned Out By Kanye West (VIDEO) The changing wardrobe, everyone conjectured, must be Kanye's influence -- he's a bona fide designer these days with affinity
Dita Von Teese Gives Us The Cold Shoulder (PHOTO) WHO
The Naked Face Project I want to tell you that now that the experiment has ended, I've been converted and sworn off makeup for good. But I'll confess
DIY Nail Art Tricks It's no secret that we're obsessed with DIY nail art (nail polish is the new lipstick, just saying). Lacquer lovers like
Khloe Kardashian Without Makeup In Beverly Hills (PHOTOS) PHOTO
Miley Cyrus Brings Her Cigarette, Haircut & Bra To NYC (PHOTO) In a pic snapped last night that was posted on twitter, Miley posed on the street outside New York's La Esquina with singer
Best-Dressed List Celebrities made a concerted effort to turn the age-old adage, \All that glitters isn't gold\ on its head. This week, we
Prince Harry To Pose For Playgirl? Mags Would Offer Him $1 Million Harry, you're already something of an international centerfold. Are you going to make it official? This wouldn't be the first
Ashley Greene Wows At 'The Apparition' Premiere See how Ashley's style has changed... With September and its many red carpets (the MTV VMAs, the Emmys) right around the
The Best Beauty Products You've Probably Never Heard Of When it comes to beauty, we'd like to consider ourselves in-the-know, but every now and again we're thrown a curveball. Like
Celebrity Facial Hair Can Get Really Awkward (PHOTOS) Brad Pitt is undeniably hot. Right? Same goes for George Clooney, Christian Bale and Johnny Depp. But, even these ridiculously
Worst-Dressed List The Do Something Awards were earlier this week, and if one thing is certain, it's that what some celebrities need to do is
How To Transform A Bridesmaid Gown Into A Wearable Party Dress From P.S. I Made This
Claudia Schiffer Style Evolution Claudia Schiffer, the German Brigitte Bardot look-a-like, was discovered in a nightclub in 1987. She immediately flew to
I Use Placenta On My Hair -- And It's Great! The concoction consisted of almond oil, tomato juice and placenta. Yes, placenta--like afterbirth.
'Top Model' IQ Tests Really Do Happen, Tyra Banks Says Ah, that's the \Top Model\ we know and love. New judges, sharp-as-a-tack contestants -- will you tune in for the new season
Rupert Grint, 'Harry Potter' Character Ron Weasley, Loves Wearing Tees And Blazers... Everywhere (PHOTOS) Rupert Grint, who is best known for playing Ron Weasley in the \Harry Potter\ series, has always been overshadowed by his
The 20 Best Body Scrubs And What You Need To Know Before Getting Down & Gritty (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Be sure to lock in the moisture post
Wanderlust Festival From the location to the general mood at the festival, I could tell very quickly that this wasn't going to be a place for street style coverage or fashion blogging. Wanderlust was more about the \life\ part in lifestyle.
Style Swap While you won't see Emmeline rocking what she referred to as \farmers market attire\ any time soon, our experiment did have
Why You Should Stop Taking Those High Heels Off you've got to stop buying shoes to pose in. Shoes are for walking not posing.
Brian Atwood Ads Reportedly Banned From Madison Avenue, Taxi TVs (VIDEO, PHOTOS) Now that we've seen a few more photos and the 48-second video clip, we can confirm that there's, um, more than just making
Karlie Kloss, Coco Rocha And Other Models With Totally Addictive Pinterest Accounts Every week, we spotlight five ultra-stylish pinners to follow in our Hot On Pinterest column. Today, we're taking a look
Beauty Street Style Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. In our Beauty Street Style series, we
September 2012 Fashion Magazines You would, of course, be able to tell Vogue's Anna Wintour from W Magazine's Stefano Tonchi if you spotted the two on the
Vogue September 2012 Issue Has A Weight Problem But, clearly adjustments were made by the USPS considering Vogue's circulation, which includes over one million subscribers
Brian Atwood Ads Reportedly Banned From Madison Avenue, Taxi TVs (VIDEO, PHOTOS) When we first glimpsed Candice Swanepoel's sexy ad campaign for Brian Atwood, we joked that it looked like a veritable make
Michelle Obama Wears One Dress Two Ways In Fort Lauderdale (PHOTOS) First Lady Michelle Obama jetted down to Florida for some R&R this week, reading \Fifty Shades of Grey\ and sipping on mai
Serena Williams' Tight Dress Shows Off Her Feminine Figure (PHOTOS) Fresh from the Olympics, Serena Williams is gearing up for the U.S. Open, but that doesn't mean she isn't taking a little
Fox News Makeup For Women Anchors ... \conservative women are typically less squeamish than progressive ones about... using your looks to get ahead.\ Mundy's
Britney Spears And Kim Kardashian Try To Pass Off Old Bikini Pics As New (PHOTOS) Now, we know Britney looks amazing in a bikini. Just last month she shared a photo from her family vacation, in which she
Lululemon Sues Calvin Klein Over Patent Infringement Lululemon filed its suit against Calvin Klein and their manufacturer, G-III Apparel, last week in Delaware. Stay tuned to
10 Reasons Women Should Shop In The Men's Section (PHOTOS) 3. Variety. Many girls shop at the same stores, and nothing is worse than looking identical to your friend. Buying from the
Blake Lively Beauty Evolution Though she hails from a showbiz family, Los Angeles-born Blake Lively apparently had no interest in seriously pursuing acting
Fox News Makeup For Women Anchors Fittingly, it's been said that Fox is the only network that employs a full-time \image consultant\ for its on-air personalities
Michelle Obama Wears One Dress Two Ways In Fort Lauderdale (PHOTOS) All in a day's work. First Lady Michelle Obama jetted down to Florida for some R&R this week, reading \Fifty Shades of Grey
Marcia Cross Wardrobe Malfunction Though Cross didn't suffer a skirt-lifting mishap as bad as Arta Dobroshi's commando rear view, we're sure she wishes she
A Behind-the-Scenes Look at Aldo Shoes' Headquarters Look in your shoe closet. There's a very good chance a pair of Aldo Shoes sits in them. Or you might have a pair of shoes from one of Aldo Group's brands
Oxford Dictionary Online New Words For 2012 Include 'Vajazzle' We've endured serious debates in the HuffPost Style office over how to spell \vajazzled.\ Honestly. We wish we were kidding
Vogue September 2012 Issue Has A Weight Problem While Ellie and I were frustrated by the thought of lugging around our September magazines, what would a professional mail
Zoe Saldana Covers Gotham Magazine, Talks Style Influences And Fashion Ancestry (PHOTO) \My grandmother and great-grandmother were seamstresses their whole lives, so when my grandmother moved to New York in the
Beyonce House Of Dereon Campaign Is Pretty Much The Definition Of Fierce (PHOTOS) See Beyonce's style evolution! PHOTOS
Scott Schuman Not Amused By 'Campus Sartorialist' \I commend their entrepreneurial spirit and think the idea is great, but they don\u2019t need my name to continue to be successful
Prince Harry To Face Military Reprimand Over Nude Pics Scandal (REPORT) Military guidelines stipulate that officers must maintain high standards of professionalism \u201cboth on and off operations.\ Want
Chanel Business Club In South Korea Gets Sued By... Chanel ... all those fake Apple stores existed. ... a South African boutique owner named her store Dolce And Banana. Want more? Be
Stav Strashko, Androgynous Model, Struts In Bikini In New Toyota Commercial (VIDEO) Strashko, who was born in the Ukraine but resides in Tel Aviv, proudly posted the clip on his Facebook page with the caption
Landscape, Sunset, Garden And More '90s-Inspired Nature Prints We Want To Wear Now (PHOTOS) Fortunately, nature-inspired photo-printed pieces are now readily available. Brands like Carven, Akris and Mary Katrantzou
Alexa Chung's Clothing Line Is Just Moments Away But we assume it won't be long till we see Peter Pan collar sweaters, swingy mini dresses, lace-up leather brogues and floral
Carole White on Beauty (VIDEO) The high street's growing demand for 'bigger' girls and the media's vilification of those that are too 'skinny,' may be a
Gap Fall 2012 Ads Feature Avett Brothers As 'Icons Redefined' (VIDEO) But we'll never not get excited about the retailer's ad campaigns, which have brought us the famous \Fall Into The Gap\ slogan
Stav Strashko, Androgynous Model, Struts In Bikini In New Toyota Commercial (VIDEO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Strashko, who was born in the
Nicole Kidman Topless On The Cover Of V Magazine's Travel Issue (PHOTOS) The usually-demure actress went topless for the cover -- not a bad way to get people to stop talking about the fact that
Forbes Most Powerful Women 2012 Who else made Forbes' Most Powerful Women 2012 list? Head to Forbes.com to see all 100 names. Want more? Be sure to check
Alexa Chung's Clothing Line Is Just Moments Away Sounds like signature Alexa, a Brit who's known as much for her goofball wit as her idiosyncratic fashion sense, which we
Tom Ford Discusses The Perils Of Modeling With Tom Brady In V Man Even though it was Tom Brady who graced the cover of VMan's Fall 2012 issue, we were much more interested in what he had
Gap Fall 2012 Ads Feature Avett Brothers As 'Icons Redefined' (VIDEO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Gap's latest approach? Indie singers
Tom Ford Discusses The Perils Of Modeling With Tom Brady In V Man Even though it was Tom Brady who graced the cover of VMan's Fall 2012 issue, we were much more interested in what he had
The Fashion Whip The GOP 2012 campaign is off and running with the Republican ticket almost officially complete, and Paul Ryan as Mitt Romney's choice for veep. Politics aside, style gossip surrounding the new ticket has zoomed in on Ryan's baggy suits a la Ron Paul, his consistent choice of checked shirts and his cowlick. And though we'd like to think otherwise, a campaign is not just run (or won) come November with the names on the ballot - it is influenced by the image of the foursome America is just getting to know.
Pat Booth, Photographer of David Bowie And Queen Elizabeth II, In A Short White Dress (PHOTO) This 1967 shot captures Booth in her modeling days, wearing a look we'd love to copy on any lazy summer afternoon. Her barely
Kim Cattrall Style Evolution Flip through our many other Style Evolutions. Kim Cattrall is best known from her role on \Sex and the City\ as the provacatively
Remove Skin Spots At Home With Agave Nectar, Lemon Juice & Brown Rice? (VIDEO) In the video above, plastic surgeon Dr. Andrew Ordon of the television series \The Doctors\ shows a mother complaining of
Elizabeth Hurley Bikini Shots Prove That She's Still Got It (VIDEO, PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. The Brit proves she's still got
How to Be A Great Fashion Intern This summer, I am interning with designer Cynthia Rowley and I love it. Here are five tips I've picked up this summer that will make sure you get the most out of your internship.
Fashion's Night Out 2012 Promoted By Taylor Swift & Justin Bieber (VIDEO) See highlights from Fashion's Night Out 2011
I'm Not A Hoarder...But My Husband Is (PHOTOS) My husband and I first met in college. It wasn't until we moved in together four years later that I noticed that something was askew
The Science of Shapewear (and Where All the Fat Goes) We have a love/hate relationship with our body shapers and waist cinchers. On the one hand, we are grateful they give us the seamless, streamlined look we desire -- no muffin tops and rolls! But let's be honest
What's Your Sneaker Age? How old is too old when it comes to wearing sneakers? I mean the casual variety, not those worn for sport. Sorry to say this, but the landscape is far bumpier for females than males.
Gisele Pregnant With Second Child, Izabel Goulart Reveals On TV The coy reply, while wholly unsatisfying, is probably as close to a formal confirmation as we're going to get from Gisele
I Love My Engagement Ring, But Sometimes Diamonds Aren't Always A Girl's Best Friend When we got married right out of college, my future husband gave me a ring that had been in his family for generations. It was a plain gold band that came with a lot of history, and I was honored to wear it. For a couple of months.\n\nBy the time I was married a year, the ring was safely in a jewelry box and I have not worn it since.
Isabella Rossellini, Model/Actress, Wears A Casual White Tee In Rome (PHOTO) Getty Images It's no surprise that Isabella Rossellini is famous, just look at her family tree
Attention Luxury Leather Brands (That's You Too, Herm\u00e8s) -- Show Us Your Hide! I look forward to running around town and country this winter with my new deer hide bag knowing exactly where it came from, the process it took to get it to its present state and the fact that that beautiful stag lived a serene life way up in the foggy, chilly, windy and romantic Scottish Highlands.
Beauty Street Style Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. This week we met Alexis, an assistant
I'm A Lady, But I Dress Like A Boy (PHOTOS) It's a look I've been trying to master since high school
Babydoll Dresses That Are Anything But Childish (PHOTOS) Mention the term \babydoll dress\ and two images come to mind
DIY Nail Art Photos
What The Stylelist Staff Bought This Weekend On the weekends, we Stylelist editors practice what we preach, which entails scouring flea markets, shopping online and occasionally
Who To Follow On Pinterest Peter Som
Laura Govan Wears Barely-There Snake Dress At 2012 Do Something Awards (PHOTOS) The mom of four, who allegedly had a nose job this year, apparently wanted to try out her \Sexy Snake\ Halloween costume
Cory Booker's Manicures-Pedicures Sound Pretty Awesome He told Menswear magazine that his staff helped him improve his suits, avoid faux pas like Speedos and even eliminate unflattering
Susie Coelho, Sonny Bono's Ex, Looks So Stylish In The '70s (PHOTO) While we love Cher's '70s style, it's another one of Sonny Bono's former wives that we're admiring today. Forever 21 Braided
Kendall Jenner Bikini Tan Lines Make An Appearance At Her Magazine Signing (PHOTOS) And since Kim Kardashian's little sis is no stranger to swimsuits, we don't think that she should have to worry about ensuring
Bill Clinton Style Evolution In honor of the 42nd President's 66th birthday this Sunday, August 19th, we're taking a moment to reflect on the the big
Kristen Stewart Trampire Shirt Lets You Show Your Stance (PHOTO, POLL) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Online retailer Skreened is offering
Coco Chanel Birthday Coco Chanel once said, \In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different.\ It seems like the iconic designer took
This Week In Beauty We spend lots of time focusing on what stars wear (and any wardrobe malfunctions they may have), but what about what they
Kristen Stewart Trampire Shirt Lets You Show Your Stance (PHOTO, POLL) PHOTO
Kendall Jenner Bikini Tan Lines Make An Appearance At Her Magazine Signing (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Obama Family Attends Church In Matching Monochromatic Outfits (PHOTOS) It's no secret that Michelle Obama loves color (hence, our semi-obsessive infographic), but it looks like she's managed to
Obama Family Attends Church In Matching Monochromatic Outfits (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Check out the Obamas all wearing
Back to School Shopping Never Ends Some \in my day\ naysayers will argue that parents should not foot the bill for either job hunting or new outfits.  Shouldn't helicopter parents finally land and let the new grad pay?  With what?
Carmen Electra Gets A Makeunder...Sorta (PHOTO) WHO
Anita Ekberg, 'La Dolce Vita' Actress, Looks Pretty As A Picture (PHOTO) Getty Images Best known for her role alongside Marcello Mastroianni in Federico Fellini's 1960 film, \La Dolce Vita,\ Swedish
Rumer Willis Shows Off Cleavage In Barely-There Top (PHOTOS) While out in New York City with new boyfriend Jayson Blair, Rumer wore a pretty easy-to-miss top. The blush-colored tank
The September Issue With all of the buzz about September issues, it's easy to get a bit lost in the fashion magazine madness. Which glossy put
Fashionably Late Style Quiz So, you think you're a real fashionista, hmm? Well, then step right up and take HuffPost Style's Fashionably Late Style Quiz
Cara Delevingne Won't Say She's Dating Harry Styles, Tavi Compares Herself To John Travolta & More Tweets Of The Week Like the rest of the world, we spend a lot of time on Twitter. It's both how we procrastinate and how we get our news -- we
The September Issue With all of the buzz about September issues, it's easy to get a bit lost in the fashion magazine madness. Which glossy put
Prince William Rescues Drowning Teenager, Is The Prince Of Our Dreams Looks like we have some real heroes in our midst -- cue the swooning. The 16-year-old teen must have been enormously grateful
Gabby Douglas Proves That Gold Really Is Her Color (PHOTO) WHO
Rumer Willis Shows Off Cleavage In Barely-There Top (PHOTOS) See more wardrobe malfunctions! Rumer Willis doesn't exactly frequent best-dressed lists, but her latest look has us wondering
The 5 Best Beauty Blogs For Older (And Wiser) Women This week, as part of our new series highlighting the best beauty blogs, we're acknowledging those focused on more \mature
Is Sleeping In A Bra Good Or Bad For You? Similarly, Guth warns of an ill fit. \Certainly no bra or breast support should be so tight that it constricts or blocks
Miranda Kerr Looks Gorgeous In Orlando Bloom's Snapshots For 'T' Magazine (PHOTOS) Click over to T magazine to read more of the adorable interview, see more adorable photos (shot by the adorable Orlando Bloom
Nicole Richie For Macy's Lookbook Released (PHOTOS) The best way to describe the line is that it's very Nicole Richie -- bohemian chiffon layers, a touch of luxe leather and
Janelle Monae CoverGirl Ads Are Cooler Than, Oh, Everyone Else's (PHOTOS) Furthermore, we're pleased to note that Janelle is just the next in a long line of African American women to rep CoverGirl
Kate Middleton's Ex-Boyfriend Wait a second. Harry?! For those want to ask Catherine herself about this mysterious Harry, the duchess will be hosting a
A Conversation With Fashion Designer Yoana Baraschi Before she launched her eponymous label, the fashion designer Yoana Baraschi honed her design chops at several houses including Cacharel, Mugler, Faconable and Betsey Johnson.
Samantha Cameron Bikini The Cameron clan, consisting of David, Sam and three young kiddies, is a big fan of Spain, having vacationed in Granada in
Short Bangs Can Be Tricky, And These 22 Celebrities Prove It (PHOTOS) We love pin-up inspired style and beauty -- look no further than our stories about retro bathing suits, red lips and peplums
'The Sartorialist \People just get very obsessed with getting a picture of those known names, as opposed to really speaking from the heart
Britney Spears In 2002 Yes, those were the good old days. Jump back ten years and relive Britney Spears' style circa 2002 in our slideshow. Happy
Gif Of The Week For previous Fashion Gifs, take a peek in our gallery below
The Naked Face Project When I suggested The Naked Face Project to Anya (she may claim to have cooked up the idea, but I beg to differ [Anya's note
Wardrobe Malfunctions Photos This week's wardrobe malfunctions (and close calls) brought us the typical blunders but with some lethal twists. It's still
Busy Philipps Looks Relaxed In Red (PHOTO) Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Shop a similar look below, and check
Madonna Beauty Evolution In honor of Madonna's 54th birthday today (August 16th), we're taking a look back at the pop icon's biggest beauty moments
Rihanna And Katy Perry Have Edgy Style, But What Does That Even Mean? (PHOTOS) While those celebrities get gold stars in our books for bucking tradition, we really tip our hats to the brave women of the
Estelle Performs \All Of Me\ Songs And Shows Off Her Crazy Nail Art (PHOTOS) Stylelist
Take Me to the Stables Not long ago Shivan Bhatiya and Narresh Kukreja were mocked and derided for daring to design swimwear in a country that didn't even have a swimwear industry.
Juliette Lewis Looks Wonderful In White (PHOTO) WHERE
Kate Upton Tries Red Carpet Chic At Samsung Event (PHOTOS) Check out Kate on the red carpet. Should the model stick to bikinis or continue her high-fashion rise? Kate Upton may have
Square Pegs in Round Spa Holes Here is the problem as I see it
Beauty Street Style This week we met Mia, a mother of two, whose striking hat caught our attention while we were walking around SoHo. Only after
I Lie About Where My Clothes Are From (PHOTO) The minute I saw a classmate in my polo I vowed to never tell anyone where I bought my clothes again.
Doutzen Kroes Sizzles In A Teensy Bikini In Miami (PHOTOS) The 27-year-old Victoria's Secret model didn't even need to bat an eye when un-Photoshopped photos of her modeling shoot
David Beckham H&M Underwear Ads Are Back For Round 2 (PHOTOS) The retailer is using them to drum up excitement and launch a contest, wherein fans can Instagram pics of themselves with
Sunny Yellow Inspiration From Saucy Glossie Greetings, Glosslings! \u00a0I'm trying to get this week off to a good start and sometimes that means getting
Business Chic From What I Wore I am so into this outfit. It's my first chance to wear my new investment blazer and I love how it works
Graphic Attire From Advanced Style Check out Valerie and Jean's wonderful blog, The Idiosyncratic Fashionistas HERE. Courtesy Photo Read
Vacation Packing Tips From A Reformed Overpacker (PHOTO) My family and I just took a two-week vacation to visit relatives in Norway. My husband and I have two small children, and traveling for us used to look like the Ringling Brothers were coming to town, complete with the three-ring circus. This year, I was determined to do things differently, and if I could, pack only carry-on luggage. I succeeded, and what I discovered surprised me.
Ariel The Little Mermaid Gets Plastic Surgery In Questionable New Ad (PHOTO) So, what procedures did the Little Mermaid opt for? She seems to have gotten the full \Real Housewives\ treatment with a
Giving Up the Shame of Those Sagging Arms If I wore sleeveless, I'd be wearing that blouse as I hit these very keys and never take it off, it was such perfection, but I gave up wearing anything without sleeves several years ago. I just can't continue to keep it all together and have allowed the arms to go first.
A Plea Let's talk about shoes. We all know that I'm a huge fan, especially when it comes to whimsical stilettos and platforms that I'll rarely wear. Now I may admire your shoes as we're out and about
Spray Paint Stripes On Your Simple Clutch With This DIY (VIDEO) We've sung the praises of stripes -- vertical, horizontal, nautical and collegiate -- because we believe that the classic
Loni Anderson Hair Evolution Click through our other Beauty Evolutions. And while the St. Paul, Minnesota-native is a natural brunette, it's no doubt
Woodstock Anniversary Before there was Lollapalooza, Coachella and Glastonbury, there was Woodstock. Basically the OG muddy music festival. The
Jessie J, Sammi, Snooki And More Celebrity Makeunders We Love (PHOTOS) Some stars are known for their wild, over-the-top clothes and makeup. So what happens when a celebrity gets a serious (and
How To Get Rid Of Body Acne ... For Good (VIDEO) What do you think about these body acne treatments? What remedies have you used to get a brighter, clearer complexion? Tell
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) This week's selections include pieces by Missoni, YSL, Harvey Berin and Clovis Ruffin. Be sure not to miss vintage 1980s
Kim Kardashian Looks Amazing With Natural Makeup (PHOTO) Shop a similar look below, and check out more of our Look Of The Day picks. Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on
Taz Arnold Has Worked With Kanye West And Has The Style Chops To Prove It (VIDEO) Arnold is the first to admit that he likes exclusivity and has a taste for the finer things in life, but goes on to say that
Michelle & Barack Obama Show Some Major PDA In Iowa (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Not only are the pics of these
Lara Stone Stars In New Calvin Klein Ad--How Does She Compare To Other CK Icons? (PHOTOS) Calvin Klein has always been known for their memorable and provocative ads -- we'll never forget that banned billboard, the
Zara Sizes Are Considered Too Small For Americans An article from The Economist published in late March has resurfaced online, and the closer look has allowed the fashion
Azealia Banks Banned Cover Want more scandal? See other controversial magazine covers below! Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter
To Beirut With Love A trip to Georges' Beirut atelier is everything you would expect it to be -- chic, fun and totally decadent. From the moment you walk into the boutique you are surrounded by beauty.
Paul Ryan's Cowboy Boots Whether it's Ryan's widow's peak, his ubiquitously baggy clothes, his rumored-to-be-Gosling-esque physique or his general
Alexander Wang Lawsuit Settled, Dismissed Quietly Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Duante and Lu also both claimed
Queenierich Rehman, Philippines' Miss World 2012 Contestant, Beatboxes (VIDEO) When it comes to the talent portion of beauty pageants, the typical menu of items includes singing, dancing, playing a musical
Miley Cyrus Haircut See the photo of Ellen trying out Miley's hairstyle and the photo that inspired it below. See some more celebrities with
Why I'm Considering Permanent Makeup I was recently in the waiting room at the pediatrician's office, and as I looked over at a fellow mother, I was shocked (and envious) to see her perfectly made-up face. Permanent makeup (and some Botox) had seen this mother-of-two through the best and worst years of her life.
Spanx Are Awesome, But Women Need A Skirt Slip Too (PHOTOS) Recently during a photo shoot, one of our models came to me with a concern. Since she'd be wearing short dresses, she hoped
The Best Liquid Eyeliners Have Plenty In Common With Felt Tip Markers (PHOTOS) What do you think about felt tip eyeliners? Do you prefer a liquid or pencil formula? Tell us in the comments section. Meanwhile
Q10 With David Childs A renowned designer for the prestigious Skidmore, Ownings and Merrill, David M.Childs has had quite the journey to becoming one of the most powerful architects' in New York City.
From Scandalous Calvin Klein Model to Emmy Winning Costume Designer... How Did I Do It? I truly believe life is a journey full of crossroads, opportunities and mentors. Each turn or path you decide to follow will take you to places you may never have imagined, learn on your way, pay attention and take risks.
Andie MacDowell Wears Stripes and A Smile (PHOTO) WHERE
Janelle Mon\u00e1e CoverGirl Ad Inspires Us To Look Back At Our Favorites (PHOTOS) When CoverGirl announced last week that singer Pink would appear in the makeup company's upcoming ads, we were totally surprised
Confession I started wearing a training bra when I was three years old, not because I needed one or because I was self-conscious, but because I thought that bras were beautiful. I remember going to the department store with my mother and helping her pick out her bras, black ones, lacy ones, silky ones; they fascinated me.
Cool Stuff On The Street I've noticed more and more while gathering photos for my Cool Stuff on the Street series, that although I'm the one stopping
Katrina Darling Playboy Photos See a preview below! Darling's Playboy pictorial, as we first told you back in June, comes with the magazine's September
Alexa Chung Wardrobe Malfunction See more celebrity wardrobe malfunctions. Live and learn, people! While biking around New York City in a onesie yesterday
Jennifer Lopez Once Took A Modeling Class & Other Actors Who Modeled (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. We always knew the camera loved
Caroline Stillman, 6 Feet 4 Inches, Fights Bullying, Eyes Modeling Career (PHOTOS) Caroline Stillman was one leggy teen, clocking in at 6'4\ at the ripe old age of 13. And while we would love to add a few
Banana Republic Taps Narciso Rodriguez In New Advisory Role Narciso Rodriguez has been quite the busy bee as of late. After recently designing a collection for Kohl's Design Nation
Halle Berry Beauty Evolution Even the most glamourous of celebrities go through awkward phases -- bad outfit choices, regrettable haircuts, unfortunate
Nike Gold Digging Shirt We don't like to be super sensitive about these things, but something about this seems... off. The t-shirt features metallic
Janna Ryan, Paul Ryan's Wife, Kicks Things Off In Kohl's Dress (PHOTOS) It remains to be seen (there's still plenty of time for a trip to Target and some J.Crew outfits). But we'll be watching
Lindsay Lohan's Makeup Is A Little Cringe-Worthy (PHOTOS) We've long lost our hope of Lindsay Lohan turning up to an event looking polished and pristine, but we couldn't help but
Michelle Obama 'Tonight Show' Interview Scroll down for photos. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Fresh
Kate Moss Impresses Professor Brian Cox With Her Physics Knowledge (REPORT) \Kate was asking me some extraordinarily detailed questions about the universe. She really knows her stuff,\ Cox said. \She
Lady Gaga Perfume Video For 'Fame' Is Almost Too Hot For Youtube (VIDEO) Only by clicking \I understand and wish to proceed\ may you surrender yourself to Gaga's wacky, liquified, latex-coated world
I Don't Look Like An Argentinian Woman (PHOTOS) I'm a first-generation American; my extended family still lives in Buenos Aires. I've spent a lot of time in this bustling city, but I'm just noticing how different the Argentine women are from Americans.
Sundresses That Won't Show Off Your Tush (PHOTOS) To avoid being sent home for a dress code violation, we've found sundresses that are for the mature set. The key is to look
Beauty Street Style Click through the gallery to shop Eva's beauty look, then check out previous Beauty Street Style real girls. In our Beauty
Christina Aguilera Tries The Ombre Hair Trend (PHOTOS) See Christina's style evolution! PHOTOS
Michael Phelps' Louis Vuitton Pic Is Quite Moody (PHOTO) Maybe Lochte's still waiting on an offer from GhettoGrillzOnline.com. Snapped by Annie Leibovitz, the shot shows 27-year
Prince Carl-Philip Attacked Outside Nightclub In Cannes (VIDEO) Watch the shocking footage of Prince Carl-Philip getting attacked in Cannes
Kate Middleton Closing Ceremony Look Is A Perfect Way To End The Olympics (PHOTOS) Click through to see Kate in all of her closing ceremony glory. Was this dress a good choice for ending the Olympics? We
Miley Cyrus Haircut The drama started, of course, on Twitter, when the 19-year-old singer (and... \Two and a Half Men\ guest star?) retweeted
Closing Ceremony For Olympics Is A Model Bonanza If anyone had any doubt as to who the biggest model on the planet is, they could simply tune into the Olympics closing ceremony
How to Shop for Your Dominant Season Those of us who live in climates with defined seasons should consider investing in clothing and shoes that will work during our longest, strongest season.
Victoria Beckham Awkwardly Reunites With Spice Girls At Olympic Closing Ceremonies (PHOTOS) But the power quintet reunited as the Girls of Spice for the London 2012 Olympics closing ceremonies, bring the five ladies
Jennifer Aniston's Engagement Has Us Brainstorming Black Wedding Dresses (PHOTOS) So when we heard about Jennifer Aniston's engagement to Justin Theroux, after squeeing like crazy, we got to thinking about
Rachel Roy Asks Her Favorite Experts For Their Summer Cocktail Recipes I have asked my secret weapon experts in home, food and restaurants to share their secret weapon ingredients of choice for summer cocktails. If you would like to make them kid-friendly you can substitute club soda or seltzer for most... Perfect for summer parties or a party of ONE!
Helen Gurley Brown's Style & Its Lasting Impact (PHOTOS) The editor once said
Gwyneth Paltrow's Black Bra Goes Along For The Ride (PHOTO) At least Paltrow was wearing one -- often the actress seems seems to be wearing no bra at all. Sometimes that works out just
Kristen Stewart Dumped From Balenciaga Florabotanica Campaign? (VIDEO) The 22-year-old actress landed her first major fragrance deal this year when she signed on to be the face of Balenciaga's
Remembering Helen Gurley Brown To proclaim to be a \Cosmo girl\ nowadays is to have the world look at you with a half-smirk and assume your literary knowledge is limited to romance novels. You're just that
Purse Shopping Five years ago, my husband bought me a purse for my birthday, which I have carried every single day since then. It is, needless to say, completely worn out, and I really need a new one.
Vogue Paris Puts Kate Moss, Lara Stone & Daria Werbowy In Black For September 2012 (PHOTOS, POLL) Leave it to Vogue Paris to make the color black the theme of its September issue. With all three models in the same dress
Obama To NASA However, Pres. Obama might be hankering to change more about his hair than a few pesky grays, according to remarks he made
Promise Phan Transforms Herself Into Johnny Depp Characters With Makeup (VIDEO) We were first blown away by YouTube makeup artist Promise Phan's skills when videos of Phan transforming herself into the
The Great Debate If you're looking to have healthier, younger-looking skin without exposure to chemicals, toxins or harsh treatments, consider adding face oils to your skin care routine. Yes, it turns out the skin care ingredient we've feared most of our lives can actually transform our skin.
Fashion Trivia Quiz Do you know which model was a competitive equestrian? Or who designed the memorable red gown Uma Thurman wore to the Academy
Britney Spears Channels Jean Harlow (PHOTO) We've long known that Britney Spears loves to play dress-up, whether donning an elaborate costume for a concert or sporting
Vanessa Paradis Talks Love & Relationships In New Interview To ease your pain a little bit, here are some adorable celebrity couples who match. If you were as heartbroken as we were
Vanessa Paradis Talks Love & Relationships In Harper's Bazaar Interview Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. If you were as heartbroken as
Katy Perry Flaunts Cleavage In Barely-There Playsuit (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. It seems that not only playsuits
French Bank Offers Women Handbag Insurance, Dodges Accusations Of Sexism How much do you love your handbag? Or, let us rephrase this
This Week In Beauty We spend lots of time focusing on what stars wear (and any wardrobe malfunctions they may have), but what about what they
Chlo\uffc3\uffab Sevigny's Button-Down Keeps Her Look In Check (PHOTO) WHERE
Catherine Spaak, Actress, Wore The Perfect White Eyelet Top In 1962 Straw Fedora With Leather Trim, Petite Geo Lace Crop Top, Blank Bell-Bottom Jeans, Designsix Large Gem Pendant, Living proof
Paul Ryan Style Click through to see Paul Ryan's colorful tie collection throughout the years and prepare yourself to see many, many more
Tweets Of The Week Like the rest of the world, we spend a lot of time on Twitter. It's both how we procrastinate and how we get our news--we
Dree Hemingway Is A Floral Dream (PHOTO) Shop a similar look below, and check out more of our Look Of The Day picks. Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on
Tweets Of The Week Like the rest of the world, we spend a lot of time on Twitter. It's both how we procrastinate and how we get our news--we
Jennifer Lawrence's Hot Orange Bra Pops Out Of Her Top (PHOTOS, POLL) See more celebrities wearing underwear as outerwear! While out and about in Hollywood, Jennifer rocked a skimpy onesie -- not
McKayla Maroney Without Makeup Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. McKayla Maroney already has quite
Fashionably Late Style Quiz So, you think you're a real fashionista, hmm? Well, then step right up and take HuffPost Style's Fashionably Late Style Quiz
Joanne Woodward, Paul Newman's Wife And Actress, Had The Perfect '60s Makeup Look Art by Raydene Salinas Knitted Pearl Stitch Cardigan, Mango Satin Sheen Shirt, Aussie Smooth 12 Hour Anti-Humidity Hair Spray
The 17 Best Perfume Blogs (PHOTOS) We've taken noticed of all the rising makeup, hair and skincare \experts\ sharing their straightforward reviews and tutorials
An Exclusive Interview with Fashion Designer Neil Autry of Western Evil If you're a horror/cult/gore fanatic like me (who isn't?) then you've hopefully heard of Neil Autry and his label Western Evil. If you haven't, then here's your chance to meet the designer behind one of the most high quality counter-culture fashion labels in the US.
'Friends' Season 1 Fashion Was So 1994... And, Oddly Enough, 2012 (PHOTOS) Also, here's a gag reel from Season 1. Because gag reels are never not awesome. \Friends\ still lives on in syndication, popping
Kardashians Eyewear What else can we photoshop onto the frozen smiles of the Kardashians? Hula skirts? Fuzzy koala costumes? Soul patches? Perhaps
Beyonce's U.N. Earrings Are Distractingly Large (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. To her credit, Beyonce wisely
Sarah Palin's Glasses Have Changed! (VIDEO) This isn't the first time Palin's switched up her spectacles. It's widely reported that before joining the vice-presidential
Un-Photoshopped Victoria's Secret Ads Show Doutzen Kroes Without Retouching (PHOTOS) Check out the allegedly un-retouched photos below and see more Doutzen pics over at Jezebel. Every now and then a star will
New Diana Vreeland Documentary (VIDEO) The documentary features taped recording of Vreeland's own voice, as well as interviews with Ali McGraw, Anjelica Huston
Nicole Richie For Macy's The Nicole Richie for Impulse ad campaign, shot by Camilla Akrans, launched today, giving everyone a sneak peek at the sleek
Kate Middleton Tries A Low-Cut Top For Olympics Hockey Match (PHOTOS) On Friday, she scooted over to another event to watch Team Great Britain take home the bronze medal in the women's hockey
Naomi Campbell Fetes Olympics With Sarah Ferguson, Kate Moss & More (PHOTOS) Campbell put her \hair weave disaster\ behind her and greeted her guests in a slinky black Roberto Cavalli gown. Kate Moss
Worst-Dressed List Compiling the week's worst-dressed list always introduces us to a staggering variety of how a harmless outfit can go so wrong
Beyonce's U.N. Earrings Are Distractingly Large (PHOTOS) As if you needed more reasons to idolize her, Beyonce has teamed up with the United Nations for a global campaign called
Naomi Campbell Fetes Olympics With Sarah Ferguson, Kate Moss & More (PHOTOS) Thought you had an awesome Thursday night? Sorry, but whatever you did was not nearly as cool as Naomi Campbell's Thursday
Kardashians Eyewear Making it through the Kardashians' Sears collection is going to be America's Everest. What else can we photoshop onto the
When Bad Hair Happens To Famous People Confession
Women and Fashion \I dress to attract people who will 'get' me. Some of those will be men with a possible sexual interest in me. I don't mind that. But for others, my clothes will be signals of different kinds.\
Short Models While most models are close to 6 feet tall (Karlie Kloss, for example, is 5'11'' and height only goes up from there), Kate
I'm An Impulse Buyer, And It's My Dad's Fault (PHOTOS) I have always been that girl that had to look at my purchases in the back of the cab on the way home. My husband doesn't thinks this impulsive behavior is the least bit cute or funny.
Beauty Street Style Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Photo/Art
A Conversation With Shoe Designer Max Kibardin Accessory designer and Bruno Magli creative director Max Kibardin counts Sarah Jessica Parker, Demi Moore, Rihanna and Anna dello Russo among his fans. He talks about happiness, great ideas and being a nice guy.
Lady Gaga's Vogue Cover Finally Arrives Via Twitter (PHOTOS, POLL) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Finally at midnight last night
James Middleton, Mischa Barton Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Mischa Barton of former \O.C.\ fame
Ikea Bag Dress Is Massive, In Need Of A Good Steam (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. The Ikea Bag Dress, constructed
What's up with the Vanity Fair Best-Dressed List? I should probably admit right off the bat that I actually quite like Vanity Fair. I'm not saying I buy it or anything but if I see a copy lying round the office I will most likely pick it up and read it.
Coming Solo I'm not a sex therapist, a psychiatrist, and hardly an expert on the subject although many of my novels depict sex in all its vast variety.  But there is something off-putting about the idea of having a torrid relationship with a machine.
Kate Middleton's Skin Is Great, Possibly Due To Bee Venom (PHOTOS) They seem to be effective on a younger face as well. We're typically too focused on her clothes to notice such things, but
VietJetAir, Vietnamese Airline, Fined For In-Flight Bikini Show (VIDEO) \They should have registered [with us] before they held the show,\ Thang said. \This is the first time an airline has organized
Kim Kardashian Wears Kanye West's Shoes Again (PHOTOS) March 2012
Lady Gaga's Vogue Cover Finally Arrives Via Twitter (PHOTOS, POLL) While an over-the-top fascinator and 'fro-like hair are boundary-pushing for most celebs, this seems relatively restrained
Ryan Lochte Wants A Girlfriend If you ask us, Ryan Lochte is quite a catch. But when Us Weekly wanted to know why the chiseled swimmer is still single, his
Gail Wilkerson Has $10K Worth Of Jewelry Retrieved From Sewer (VIDEO) She hired a plumbing crew to try and retrieve the effluent-soaked rings, but when that plan failed, her housemate, Stan Harper
Geri Halliwell's Outfit Spices Up Our Lives (PHOTO) WHO
Nail Polish Sales Are Up 70% Everyone\u2019s heard that during a recession beauty product sales tend to go up\u2013it\u2019s the so-called \u201cLipstick Effect.\u201d And if
Lauren Scruggs 'Today Show' Appearance Watch the inspiring video above and see more pics of Lauren below! Visit NBCNews.com for breaking news, world news, and news
Gay Marriage & Bridal Style With some of our dearest friends and staffers deep in wedding planning, we at HuffPost Style have had bridal wear on the
Switching Your Hair Part Is The Easy, Free Way To Change Your Face (PHOTOS) We're all creatures of habit. We get comfortable with the way things are, and rarely do we stray. This can apply to, of all
Wardrobe Malfunctions Photos This week's wardrobe malfunctions (and close calls) brought us the typical blunders but with some lethal twists. Celebrities
Azealia Banks' Magazine Cover Gets Banned--And Here's What Else Was Too Controversial For Censors (PHOTOS) When Jefferson Hack's British glossy \Dazed & Confused\ tweeted this morning
Kim Kardashian Wears Kanye West's Shoes Again (PHOTOS) August 2012
Ikea Bag Dress Is Massive, In Need Of A Good Steam (PHOTOS) Check out photos. Are you a fan of this unconventional art piece? Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter
Ikea Bag Dress Is Massive, In Need Of A Good Steam (PHOTOS) Corell's not the first person to turn the iconic blue bag into a dress. This blogger took one bag (rather than 555) and fashioned
Ikea Bag Dress Is Massive, In Need Of A Good Steam (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Bug Out! 9 Must-Have Adornments Worth Swatting For We're definitely not allowing you to be a fly on the wall with this trend, so allow us to put bug in your ear about how wearable
Women's Pumps Have Gone From Frumpy To Fabulous (PHOTOS) Kate Middleton is regarded by many as a style icon. But some of us take the opposite view
Back-to-Campus Gift Guide According to the NRF, we will spend a whopping $53.5 billion to send our children off to college -- and that doesn't include what we pay for tuition! Should you need any ideas for spending your piece of the pie, here are a few suggestions.
Ashley Johnson, Actress, Evolved From 'Growing Pains' Tot To 'The Killing' Star In Style (PHOTOS) Actress Ashley Johnson, who is best known for playing Chrissy Seaver in \Growing Pains,\ has spent her whole life in the
Rachel Zoe Accessorizes A Plain Dress Like A Pro (PHOTO) Shop a similar look below, and check out more of our Look Of The Day picks. WHAT
Rain Gear to Go When out and about during the day, we always err on the side of \better safe than sorry.\ Our advice is to throw into your bag a packable trench or rain jacket, a great hat, and a folding umbrella.
Fair Skinned Women As a redhead beauty expert, I meet many ginger ladies and there is always one question that everyone asks, \How can I look younger?\
Online Dating Etiquette With all the tools available to us, such as spell check on our computers and mobile phones, one would think we'd easily pass the netiquette test so our email etiquette would be picture perfect.  Unfortunately this isn't always the case.
Q10 With Lela Rose Lela Rose's aesthetic of adding whimsy to elegance through brilliant color and handcrafted details has brought a fresh point of view to modern American fashion.
LA's Scent Bar Now at a Target Near You If you are what Scent Bar co-owner Adam Eastwood calls a \perfume head\ then most likely you know the fragrance boutique Scent Bar in Los Angeles.
Esther Williams, Swimwear Designer And Actress, Turns 91 After watching female swimmers Missy Franklin, Alison Schmidt and Dana Vollmer win big at the London Olympics this past week
Heidi Klum Returns To Jordache For Company's Biggest Campaign Ever (PHOTO) Check out a preview of Heidi's new ad below -- sorry, no visible bra -- and click over to WWD to read more. Remember Jordache
Faith Hill's Age Doesn't Show In Minidress (PHOTOS) Faith joined husband Tim McGraw in Las Vegas to announce their \Soul2Soul\ performances wearing a short black dress. The
Jessie J Ditches Stylist For New, Toned-Down Look (PHOTOS, POLL) And no more stark matte makeup. Jessie J glowed with peachy eyeshadow, delicate pink lipgloss and, well, that's about it
Ryan Lochte Razors Gillette also had a special message for Lochte
Stiletto Racing Exists, Would Make An Awesome Olympic Event (VIDEO) Yes, competitive racing in painful high heels exists, and it sounds like the best/worst thing ever. Just last month, women
Eat Your Sun Protection We've known forever that we can help reduce our internal risk for cancer significantly in so many ways by altering our diets, but knowing there are superfoods out there that can reduce our topical cancer risk is empowering, isn't it?
Karl Lagerfeld Quotes Choupette Lagerfeld may be the most famous (and spoiled) cat in fashion. Not only is she the subject of a recent profile
Solange Knowles Madewell Campaign Reflects Her Quirky Style (PHOTOS) As the younger Knowles steps into her own spotlight, I just hope Solange doesn't tone down her style or become more conventional
Talia Joy Castellano, 12-Year-Old Cancer Patient, Creates Youtube Makeup Tutorials (VIDEOS) UPDATE, 7/16/2013
Community Collection's Joomi Lim Bracelet Buys Orthopedic Dog Beds For Senior Pooches (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. For more on fashion and charity news
Having it All Having It Allis a MINDSET for a woman. After that, Doing it All is a matter of working out the DETAILS.
Plastic Surgery Is Like Most Things in Life -- Let Moderation Be Your Guide Unfortunately, some people will never heed Cicero's warning when it comes to plastic surgery. For everyone else, always ask if the benefits outweigh the risk, and above all else, educate yourself.
Rihanna Deemed Too Sexy For Nivea By New CEO (PHOTO) Rihanna has become known for partying hard (like, really hard), wearing underwear as outerwear and sometimes even foregoing
Fashion Trivia Quiz Do you know which edgy fashion icon was once Anna Wintour's assistant? Or who designed the sparkly ball gown Cameron Diaz
Cool Stuff On The Street Another week means more amazing finds on the streets of New York through off-duty documentation with my phone. \nThis week, I also made it out to Brooklyn -- to a bluegrass show, no less. Some of the women at the outdoor performance proved to have killer style, wearing funky ankle boots and sunglasses.
Diamonds and Denim? For a long time, I have heard of Aspen described as \Diamonds and Denim\ but after my recent visit I saw more diamonds and gortex or fleece. Lululemon must consider Aspen a runway of their most recent activewear.
Hillary Clinton Hangs With The Stylish Women Of South Africa (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Ashley Greene Wears Stilettos That Could Take An Eye Out (PHOTO) WHO
Megan Rossee So, until Megan decides to give her inevitable slew of interviews, this is what we know about Ms. Rossee other than the fact
Pink's Cutout Dress May Just Be The Most Unflattering Frock We've Ever Seen (PHOTOS, POLL) See some more celebrities who made questionable wardrobe choices! Pink didn't skyrocket to fame wearing crowd-pleasing ensembles
Gwen Stefani's Hair & Lipstick Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. As the cover girl for the September
Kate Middleton Meets Team USA Gymnasts, Admires Their Leotards (PHOTO, VIDEO) PHOTO
Heidi Klum's Bra Makes A Cheeky Appearance In Completely Sheer Top (PHOTOS) As one of the ultimate model moms, Heidi Klum loves to experiment with her wardrobe despite taking care of four children
Gabby Douglas Hair The folks over at Fashionista.com snagged an interview with Natalie Hawkins, Gabby Douglas' mother, who is speaking out in
My Colorful Addiction As much as I would like to achieve the monochromatic, unfussy downtown look, I can't get excited over a shopping trip in pursuit of the perfect white top, black pants or a neutral bag.
Get Voluminous Hair Like Sophia Loren With These Blow-Dry Tips (VIDEO) In the video above, beauty reporter Kirbie Johnson gives her blonde 'do a boost using minimal heat and hair thickening products
JC Chasez Style Evolution While in the prime of his career as an 'N Syncer, Chasez sported patchwork denim, colored leather pants and frosted tips
Sarah Palin's Supergirl Shirt Makes A Splash At Missouri GOP Rally (VIDEO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Sarah Palin is a superhero. Or
Anna Piaggi Dead At 81 On August 7th, fashion journalist and style muse Anna Piaggi was found dead in her home in Italy. Best known for her inventive
Rihanna Deemed Too Sexy For Nivea By New CEO (PHOTO) Heidenreich added, \Nivea is a company which stands for trust, family and reliability.\ What? Appearing topless in ads and
Hillary Clinton Hangs With The Stylish Women Of South Africa (PHOTOS) Style-wise, Sec. Clinton looked radiant in a red jacket, with her hair pulled back in a low ponytail with a barrette. But
What's up with the Vanity Fair Best Dressed List? I should probably admit right off the bat that I actually quite like Vanity Fair. I'm not saying I buy it or anything but if I see a copy lying round the office I will most likely pick it up and read it.
My Blouse Almost Got Me Thrown Out Of Prison (And Other Adventures In Lawyer Style) The prison run-in taught me that nothing -- neither my desire to \blossom,\ nor any amount of cooing from saleswomen --could overshadow the fact that I was in a serious profession with little room for sartorial risks.
The Kardashian I Want to Dress Like Isn't Kim...It's Scott Disick (PHOTOS) Much has been said about the Kardashian family's style. They each have a signature style
Pink For Cover Girl Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. When you think of CoverGirl, your
Miley Cyrus Engagement I had no input. We\u2019d been kind of talking about getting engaged\u2026I saw it online at one point and thought it was really pretty
Carrie Bradshaw's Tutu Was Fished Out Of A Bargain Bin, Patricia Field Reveals A bargain bin? At a sample sale? It's safe to say that a $5 tutu would have been the cheapest part of Carrie's wardrobe IRL
Telephone Etiquette If you're in the business of talking on the phone daily or simply want to call your neighbor to borrow a cup of sugar, here are some guidelines for telephone etiquette.
Kate Middleton's Olympic Expressions Are Pretty Priceless (PHOTOS) Before the 2012 London Olympics, who knew Kate Middleton was such a sports fan? And since the games are conveniently taking
Valerie Trierweiler, Francois Hollande Vacation Stylishly In France (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. PHOTOS
Beauty Street Style Photo/Art
Hot On Pinterest Want to see your account in our weekly top five? Then send us an email. Simply click \Send Us A Tip\ (below) with a link
To Dye Or Not To Dye Once you get to be a certain age, the question becomes not \To be or not to be,\ but rather \To dye or not to dye.\
Charlize Theron Beauty Evolution Charlize Theron may be one of Hollywood's hottest actresses, but we find her utterly sexy for tossing the bronzer, mascara
Eva Mendes' Style Is As Hot As Her Man (PHOTO) Shop a similar look below, and check out more of our Look Of The Day picks. Fame Flynet WHERE
Monica Cruz, Penelope Cruz's Sister, Is The New Face Of Agent Provocateur (PHOTOS) Check out the campaign photos and let us know what you think. This isn't M\u00f3nica's first venture into the fashion industry
Kim Kardashian Hair Reverts To Pre-Kanye Look (PHOTOS) The Instagrams that went along with these tweets show Kim K with a full face of makeup and her old school hair. And even
Kate Middleton's Olympic Expressions Are Pretty Priceless (PHOTOS) While watching the handball competitions on Sunday, Kate got pretty into the game, clapping, leaning back in shock and clenching
Kate Middleton Meets Team USA Gymnasts, Admires Their Leotards (PHOTO, VIDEO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Check out Kate Middleton's Team
DIY Nail Art Click through the slideshow below for more DIY nail art. Photos
What The Stylelist Staff Bought This Weekend On the weekends, we Stylelist editors practice what we preach, which entails scouring flea markets, shopping online and occasionally
Kim Kardashian Wears Bondage-Inspired Bikini (PHOTOS) Paramour Kanye West was nowhere in site as Kim frolicked on the beach with her longtime friend Jonathan Cheban. (West spent
Priscilla Presley's Gorgeous Summer Glow... And How To Get The Look Getty Images Art by Raydene Salinas Case in point, the fringed suede swimsuit below on Priscilla Presley in the 1980s. It
Why Marilyn Monroe Has The Most Iconic Hair Of All Time (PHOTOS) \u201cIn Hollywood a girl\u2019s virtue is much less important than her hair-do,\ Marilyn Monroe once said. Inspiring numerous copy
143 Summer Street Style Looks To Get Out Of A Fashion Rut From FabSugar This summer, we vowed to look our most stylish... ever. We're bidding our fashion rut goodbye and turning to
Blake Lively Looks, Yes, Lively In A Floral Skirt (PHOTO) WHERE
Natalie Portman Wedding Natalie Portman has tied the knot with longtime beau Benjamin Millepied. Us Weekly reports that the ridiculously good-looking
Miranda Kerr Nude Pictures Surface Online (PHOTOS) The Victoria's Secret Angel has posed naked before for GQ magazine, the 2010 Pirelli calendar (NSFW) and while pregnant for
This Week In Beauty This week, we spent a lot of time focusing on the London 2012 Olympics and the the athletes' beauty secrets. Now we're taking
National Underwear Day In fact, many ladies throughout history have willingly showed off what's usually hidden by clothes. Madonna's iconic bras
Miranda Kerr Nude Pictures Surface Online (PHOTOS) Nude photos of Kerr, shot by French fashion photographer, Laurent Darmon, have surfaced online, showing the brunette beauty
Kim Kardashian Hair Reverts To Pre-Kanye Look (PHOTOS) See Kim Kardashian's style evolution. Can you spot Kanye's influence? Scroll down for photos. Remember how everyone (us included
Why Marilyn Monroe Has The Most Iconic Hair Of All Time (PHOTOS) \In Hollywood a girl's virtue is much less important than her hair-do,\ Marilyn Monroe once said. Inspiring numerous copy
Candice Bergen Paired A Sequined Dress With The Perfect Smokey Eye (PHOTO) Candice Bergen, who starred on \Murphy Brown,\ got her start acting in 1965 with a role in the film \The Group.\ Although
Barack Obama Style Evolution Flip through our many other Style Evolutions. Meanwhile, take a peek at Barack Obama and more famous Twitter photos. Trading
Princess Charlene & Prince Albert II Dance Away The Night At Red Cross Ball In Monaco (PHOTOS) Princess Charlene and Prince Albert II left London, where they caught a few matches (and cozied up rather awkwardly), and
Olivia Munn Pops In Bright Blue Jeans (PHOTO) WHERE
Fashionably Late Style Quiz So, you think you're a real fashionista, hmm? Well, then step right up and take HuffPost Style's Fashionably Late Style Quiz
Will Kardashian Kurves Give a Real Plus-Size Girl a Big Chance? As a plus-size woman, I'm ecstatic that someone as stylish as the Kardashians have decided to make jeans with girls like me in mind. Yes, \big girls\ need love (and jeans) too.
The 10 Best Vintage Hair And Makeup Blogs (PHOTOS) Click through the 10 best vintage hair and makeup blogs in the slideshow below, then leave a comment on who you'd nominate
Barack Obama Style Evolution Since stepping into the political spotlight wearing pleated khakis and holey shoes, Barack Obama has still managed to secure
Flatforms And 59 Reasons We Don't Want To See Aughts Footwear Again The early aughts were full of formative style moments
Wardrobe Malfunctions Photos This week's wardrobe malfunctions (and close calls) brought us the typical blunders but with some lethal twists. Celebrities
Fashion Gif Of The Week We've teamed up with Greta Larkins, the genius behind the brilliant Tumblr FashGif in a weekly series of animated fashion
I'm In Credit Card Debt From Our Shopping Addiction...And It's My Friend's Fault Fast forward to two children and a home. We now have major overhead in the form of a mortgage and childcare, not to mention
Modern Design for a Tech Savvy World -- Keeping Ahead of the Curve Trying to keep ahead of a changing art and design world while keeping your products fresh and unique is a daunting task for any designer.
Five Minutes with Fern Mallis at Lakme Fashion Week Winter Festive 2012 Find out why Mallis feels Lakme Fashion Week is so important for young designers, why fashion sponsorship needs policing and how Indian designers can rise to the occasion.
Ryan Lochte Birthday Happy birthday, Ryan Lochte! The eleven-time Olympic medalist swimmer turns the big 28 on Friday, capping off his successful
Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother Style Evolution Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Though she'll forever be remembered
Rashida Jones Shows Us How To Wear An Oversized Blazer (PHOTO) Pacific Coast News WHO
Shampoo Tips Washing too often or not enough. We read all the time that you should space out washes as long as possible, but it's not
Rebecca Romijn Wears A Risky Sheer Dress (PHOTOS) Rebecca Romijn's frock from Thursday night's Carmen Steffens' flagship store opening in Hollywood seems to fall into the
Victoria's Secret Store In London Reportedly Upsetting Bond St. Neighbors Here's one olive branch for those, well, getting their panties in a bunch
Kate Moss Seduced Husband Jamie Hince Out Of His 20-Year Veganism.. With Bacon Click over to the Evening Standard to read more of the interview with the Kills, including the surprising way Alison Mosshart
On the Matter of Gabby Douglas's Hair, or for That Matter, My Kinky (Jewish) Hair Hair matters. Kinky black hair. Kinky Jewish hair. Kinky hair on any woman's head. Today, we learn that again. How sad.
Best-Dressed List As July turned to August, our favorite stars didn't let the ever-rising mercury get in the way of stunning us with sartorial
Marisa Miller, 'Sports Illustrated' And 'Maxim' Cover Girl, Has Worn Some Very Revealing Outfits (PHOTOS) Although she is best known for being a Victoria's Secret Angel, landing the cover of the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit issue
Kate Middleton, Other Royals Hit The Olympics Day 7 Events (PHOTOS) Europe's royal families flocked to the Olympics day 7 events on Friday, both because it makes for a fun day outing and because
Rebecca Romijn Wears A Risky Sheer Dress (PHOTOS) Romijn, a former model and \House of Style\ host, is currently wearing some very racy costumes onstage as well, starring
Victoria's Secret Store In London Reportedly Upsetting Bond St. Neighbors Vogue UK, however, claims Fenwick is refuting allegations that it's \up in arms.\ We suppose we'll see what happens when
Kate Moss Seduced Husband Jamie Hince Out Of His 20-Year Veganism.. With Bacon Supermodel Kate Moss can be credited with a lot of things
Jennifer Aniston Goes Braless, Wears Daisy Dukes On Movie Set (PHOTOS) Scroll down for more photos. We've always loved Jen's minimal and clean fashion sense, but she's been off the publicity wheel
Weight Watchers Changed My Life And My Style (PHOTOS) Growing up my mother would beseech me to eat more. She complained that I was too skinny; she said I looked like I'd just escaped from a prison. Ironically, I take after her, and had always been tall and scrawny. My weight gradually increased, but since I'd never stepped on a scale before, I didn't think to start now. In fact, I didn't notice at all.
Kristen Stewart, Kim Kardashian And 53 More Celebrities In Animal Print (PHOTOS) The old adage is \A leopard can't change its spots,\ and it's never been more appropriate. The animal print trend has been
Oh, Those Girlie Voices! Recently, on the Dublin to Cork train, I solved a mystery that's irked me for years
Jessica Biel's Odd Pink Dress Ensemble Scroll down for pics. No, Jess didn't spice up her outfit with a famous \Total Recall\ signature
Kate Upton Photo Shoot Feels More High Fashion In Interview Russia (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Interview Russia, one of the international
Lindsay Lohan's Shorts Are Nearly Falling Off (PHOTOS, POLL) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. The Lo, who's currently filming
The Best Hair Oils For Shiny, Happy Hair Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Keep oily hair in check with ... oil
I Wear Crocs And I Think They're Cute (PHOTOS) These Crocs aren't the swollen, garishly colored and punctured versions my former science teachers wore. These are super cute, black peep-toe flats that look almost nothing like their monstrous cousins and make me feel like I'm walking on clouds.
I'm Addicted To Lip Balm Addictions are dangerous. They can change your life, and sometimes they can even kill you. Yet, I have to admit that I am addicted to lip balm.
Sofia Vergara Has Legs That Won't Quit (PHOTO) Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. WHO
Waterproof Makeup And Hair Tricks That'll Make You A Rainy Day Beauty (PHOTOS) There's nothing quite as depressing as heading into the office on a gorgeous summer day, only to look outside a few hours
Ankle Strap Shoes Can Make Your Legs Look Longer... And Here's Proof (PHOTOS) Emphasizing either legs OR boobs, not both, is a style rule that I live by (and one Blake Lively should pay more attention
Beauty Street Style Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Click through the gallery to shop Jenny's
Kate Middleton Does The Wave While Watching Andy Murray At The Olympics (PHOTOS) As for her fashion choices at the game, the recently-named best-dressed royal stuck with her trusty navy blue Smythe blazer
We Change Our Life, We Change Our Hair Throughout my hair journey, I wore braids, twists, locs, weaves, relaxed agin, cut it off and relaxed and cut it off again -- all the while loving the freedom of expressing who I was at that point in time in my life.
Kate Middleton Wears Smythe Blazer For Third Time At London Olympics This go round, she donned the gold-buttoned jacket with an electric blue Stella McCartney, knee-length dress (the colour
Lindsay Lohan's Shorts Are Nearly Falling Off (PHOTOS, POLL) Lindsay Lohan's jorts have officially jumped the shark. Don't get us wrong. Ripped jean shorts can look pretty sexy when
Kate Upton Photo Shoot Feels More High Fashion In Interview Russia (PHOTOS) Interview Russia, one of the international editions of Andy Warhol's \Crystal Ball of Pop,\ featured Kate in a shoot for
Jessica Biel's Odd Pink Dress Ensemble Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Oh, Jess. At least you have that
Teen Spanx So with teens calling for magazines to stop airbrushing models to perfection and body-image issues taking front-and-center
Heather Locklear, 50, Wears A Super-Short Miniskirt On The Tennis Courts (PHOTOS) Check out some more gravity-defying skirts below! If you've got it, flaunt it, and if we're still rocking a mini at 50, you'd
How I Became a Target of the 'Fashion Police' I am starting to go through what many actors and singers go through all the time -- having your sense of style up for public dissection. I was warned by my parents, so I was somewhat ready.
Short Hair Changed My Life (PHOTOS) When Charlize Theron cut off her hair, I told my roommates I was thinking of cutting my own short. Their answers were pretty much all the same
Shop Vintage for Fall From Dolce & Gabbana's 1950s-inspired evening dresses to Marc Jacobs' Dickensian-waif frock coats, fall's hottest looks can be found via the vintage market.
Pippa Middleton Slammed According to The Sun, Lagerfeld reportedly slammed the younger Middleton while praising her sister, Kate
Olympics Nails As I watched 17-year-old swimming star Missy Franklin backstroke her way to win her first individual gold medal in the 100
How To Get Full Lips Without Plastic Surgery (VIDEO) While there are at least 25 reasons why plastic surgery isn't smart, that hasn't stopped Americans from spending billions
Bregje Heinen, New Victoria's Secret Model, Walks For Exercise, Has The 'Skinny' Gene (PHOTOS) Want more? Take a peek in our gallery below to see photos of Bregje Heinen with fellow Victoria's Secret Angel Candice Swanepoel
Robyn Lawley Is The New Face Of Plus-Size Lingerie Line Boux Avenue (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. The 23-year-old cover girl first
Rainbows All Over From Ramshackle Glam From time to time on RG, I've used the expression \it's not all sparkles and rainbows\ (or some variation
Muumuu No More From B. Jones Style Dressing this body is not the easiest.. along with the belly, I've gained some serious weight (which
Surfer Girl Style From Beckerman Bite Plate Fun Fact
Victoria Beckham Guest Edits September Glamour (VIDEO, PHOTOS) See Victoria Beckham's style evolution. No wonder she was chosen to edit a major fashion glossy... Victoria Beckham has established
Technology and Fashion Meet to Bring the World of Jean Paul Gaultier to Life The Fashion World of Jean Paul Gaultier
Photoshop Fails July 2012 We've seen some great magazine covers and fashion ads in the month of July, but we've also seen some great covers and ads
Hilary Rhoda Looks Pristine In White (PHOTO) Shop a similar look below and check out more of our Look Of The Day picks. Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter
Yves Saint Laurent's Muses Through The Ages Designer and muse always go hand in hand. Hubert de Givenchy had Audrey Hepburn, Marc Jacobs has Sofia Coppola and Yves Saint
Why The US Women's Gymnastics Team's Hair Buns Give Us Pause (PHOTOS, POLL) Perhaps, like us, you've all been glued to your TV sets every night this week watching the Olympic gymastics team finals
How One Shoe Sale Turned This Markdown Monster Into A Mensch Sales always bring out the worst in me. I become an impulsive, anxious and rushed shopper.
Thong Underwear Are A Necessary Evil...So Here's 10 Pretty Pairs (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. People say that you get used to the
Does Hair Stop Growing After A Certain Age Or Length? We've Got The Answer What about as we get older, does growth slow down? \As we live and breathe we are growing hair, but older age can bring with
Olivia Wilde On Going Vegan, Alicia Silverstone's Cooking And DIY-ing (PHOTOS) Want more? Take a peek in our gallery below to see photos of Olivia Wilde celebrating her collaboration with Alternative
Laura Summers' Lip Injections Go Seriously Awry (PHOTOS) (Via The Mirror) \My lips now ( top right)\ \From the age since I can remember I have always wanted to be [a] celebrity,\ Laura
Spa-ing While Ethnic I promised myself that if I became an esthetician, I would do my best to help folks who looked like me resolve their skin care issues as quickly as possible.
Missy Franklin's Winning Olympics Style (PHOTOS) Nail art aside, Missy does seem to have a thing for the royals, telling Teen Vogue, \I've heard that Prince Harry and the
Kate Middleton Fashion Repeats What do you think she'll rewear next?! The Duchess of Cambridge has worn her stunning blue Canadian blazer by Smythe yet
Laura Summers' Lip Injections Go Seriously Awry (PHOTOS) After receiving a \u00a3200 lip injection, the Mirror writes, Summers lips expanded to four times their normal size. She told
Charlotte Casiraghi Gucci Ads Look Super Comfortable (PHOTOS) See more of Charlotte below! Inez and Vinoodh captured Casiraghi, 25, for Gucci's new Forever Now advertisement. (She's been
Vanity Fair Best-Dressed List 2012 Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Which other photographers, execs
Katy Perry Cleavage Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. PHOTOS
Photoshop Fail We can't help but wonder
Beauty Street Style Photo/Art
Jessica Chastain Wardrobe Malfunction Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Between Jessica's dress mishap
Michelle Williams Is Perfect In Prints and Polka Dots (PHOTO) Shop a similar look below and check out more of our Look Of The Day picks. WHAT
Missy Franklin's Winning Olympics Style (PHOTOS) When Vogue dubs you \the female Michael Phelps,\ you know you're about to get some major attention in both the swimming and
Bregje Heinen Is Our New Favorite Victoria's Secret Girl (PHOTOS) The Victoria's Secret model teamed up with Candice Swanepoel today at Victoria's Secret in New York City for a bra launch
Kristin Bauer Van Straten, 'True Blood' Star, On Not Being As Glamorous As Pam (PHOTOS) Amidst the darkness and walls of vialed perfume, Kristin Bauer van Straten stood wearing loose curls, a form-fitting black
Fashion Trivia Quiz Do you know which fashion photographers directed Madonna's video for 'Girl Gone Wild'? Or which Vogue editor's mother modeled
Ponytail Hairstyles For $50? 7 Ways To Sport This Summer Look For Less (PHOTOS) While we certainly tip our rat-tail comb to the hair pro for introducing another ingenious concept to the beauty world, we
Mollie King Gilds The Lily (PHOTO) Shop a similar look below and check out more of our Look Of The Day picks. Pacific Coast News WHAT
Denim On Denim Lately though, the style has resurfaced, thanks in large part to Jenna Lyons and her way with chambray. The J.Crew president
Umbrella Shopping The saying goes that \April showers bring May flowers,\ so why have we been experiencing torrential downpours here in New
DIY Nail Art Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. YouTube vlogger Pixie Polish came up
Tough Love Aren't friends supposed to provide love and acceptance? Who can we trust if our closest friends won't tell us the truth about how we look?
Camila Alves Reveals Why She's Not A Size 0, Shares Favorite Hair And Makeup Tips (PHOTOS) For this newlywed, modeling is all about a healthy routine (\Before a shoot, I'll watch what I eat. During the shoot, I watch
Candice Swanepoel Stars In Brian Atwood's Debut Ad Campaign (PHOTO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. We certainly would not be opposed
Kerri Walsh Jennings & Misty May-Treanor Talk Brazilians, Boob Jobs With Allure (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. They don't. \I hate getting waxed
Bikini Sari Makes Modest Swimwear Totally Fabulous (PHOTOS) See the rest of Shivan & Narresh's bikini-saree lookbook! After long being associated with the religious set, covered-up
House Guest Season Certain guests are less welcome than others. They include
Happy Birth Day After waiting nine long months for a baby to arrive, most parents are excited to share their news with family and friends. Birth announcements make the event official. Here are some tips on how/and what to share in one.
Four Reasons to Re-Evaluate Your Hairstyle It can take ages to choose and refine a hairstyle that suits your face shape, taste and wardrobe, and the mere thought of altering it may cause you to break out in hives. But there are many reasons to consider reevaluating your 'do on a fairly regular basis.
Hot On Pinterest In our latest installment of Hot On Pinterest, we bring you five fashionable pinners that have caught our attention in a
Prince William, David Beckham Bro Out At Olympic Soccer Match (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Luckily, Team GB went on to beat
Karlie Kloss Teams With Target, Neiman Marcus & CFDA For Collaboration Campaign While we'll have to wait until December 1 to shop the mega collection, expect to see Karlie's face everywhere. A Target spokesman
This Week In Beauty We spend lots of time focusing on what stars wear (and any wardrobe malfunctions they may have), but what about what they
These Wacky Vintage Beauty Products Look Like Torture Devices From The Frisky We slather on tons of lotions and potions in order to get our skin glowing and gorgeous -- and apparently
Olivia Newton John, 'Grease' Actress, Expertly Pairs Green And Yellow (PHOTO) Art by Raydene Salinas Charlotte Russe Rhinestone Heart Sunglasses, Outdoor Voice Top in Garden, Alice & Olivia Viva Pleated
Keri Russell's Perfect Lazy Sunday Look (PHOTO) WHO
Louis Vuitton Waffle Maker Makes Breakfast Much More Luxurious (PHOTO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Los Angeles-based artist Andrew
Heidi Klum Steps Out In Billowing Harem Pants (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Michelle Obama, Ann Romney & Royals Cheer On Swim Teams During 2012 Olympics (PHOTOS) The London 2012 Olympics have become a spectator sport for us as we watch to see just how the notable attendees interact
Elizabeth Olsen Has A Style All Her Own (PHOTO) Click here to see Elizabeth Olsen's style evolution. Pacific Coast News Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter
Susan George, Actress, Has The Perfect Nude Lip Inspiration For Summer (PHOTO) Need proof? Take this photo below of British actress Susan George, who is best known for roles in \Straw Dogs\ and \Dirty
Michelle Obama Olympics Look But don't think Mrs. O was just there to look pretty. The first lady definitely got into Olympic spirit, paying close attention
Fashionably Late Style Quiz So, you think you're a real fashionista, hmm? Well, then step right up and take HuffPost Style's Fashionably Late Style Quiz
2012 Olympic Uniforms After all the belabored preparation and build-up, the London 2012 Olympics are finally here! And, while we're excited to
Olivia Munn's Top Looks A Little Like Underwear (PHOTOS) What do you think of Olivia's lingerie look? Check out the photos and tell us your verdict. Olivia Munn tends to opt for
2012 Olympics Volleyball The men, on the other hand, still don't have the option of Speedos. And what a shame it is... It doesn't have to be. April
Jessica Biel's Jimmy Kimmel Dress Is A Little Jarring (VIDEO) During an appearance on \Jimmy Kimmel Live!\ last night, the future Mrs. Justin Timberlake wore an asymmetrical, brightly
Panty Power Yet as I discussed the physics of bras with the owner -- learning about underwire placement, the importance of band fitting, and how different styles would achieve different silhouettes -- I knew I needed to formulate a plan. A panty plan.
Michelle Obama's Olympics Outfit Fits The Team USA Theme (PHOTOS) Either way, we're totally psyched to, 1. See Michelle Obama in an uber trendy peplum, and 2. See Michelle Obama at the Olympics
Kardashian Kurves Contest Launches Sisters' Plus-Size Denim Line See Kim's kurvy style through the years
Jessica Alba and Narciso Rodriguez Don't Want Your Shoes to Make You Cry (PHOTOS) Want more? Take a peek in our gallery below for some photos from the event, the collection and more stars wearing Narciso
'Fifty Shades Of Grey' Fashion Ads Were Kind Of Inevitable (PHOTO) PHOTO
Azealia Banks Is T By Alexander Wang's New Girl (VIDEO) And now she's officially a campaign girl. Check out the fun new video, above. Do you like the new spot? The Wang-Banks pairing
'Fifty Shades Of Grey' Fashion Ads Were Kind Of Inevitable (PHOTO) What do you think of Marc New York's \Fifty Shades Of Grey\-inspired campaign? Check out the ad and tell us what you think
Virgin Lawsuit Against Clothing Line May Be In The Works (VIDEO) If you're of the same mind as Heron and hope that I Am Not A Virgin can keep its name, sign Heron's petition here. Click
Jessica Biel's Jimmy Kimmel Dress Is A Little Jarring (VIDEO) During an appearance on \Jimmy Kimmel Live!\ last night, the future Mrs. Justin Timberlake wore an asymmetrical, brightly
2012 Olympics Volleyball Hm. A bit of a double-standard, perhaps? \It just doesn't look as beautiful. The reality is men are driven more by their
Could You Go a Year Without Buying Anything New? How About Five Years? There is one thing that sets me apart from the other soccer moms, which is that I am a member of \The Compact.\ And no, that doesn't mean that I practice polyamory, weave my own caftans and practice 140-degree yoga. It means that I don't buy anything new.
Kardashian Kurves Contest Launches Sisters' Plus-Size Denim Line Plenty of entries have already rolled in and they include an impressive array of body shapes and sizes. Say what you will
Azealia Banks Is T By Alexander Wang's New Girl (VIDEO) Debuted exclusively on Style.com, Banks' T by Alexander Wang video is shot in (mostly) black and white with split screens
Michelle Obama's Olympics Outfit Fits The Team USA Theme (PHOTOS) What's the best way to support Team USA? Dress like an American flag, of course! Standing against a navy backdrop, Michelle
Sofia Vergara's Breast Size Is The Topic Of Conversation In Allure's September Issue (PHOTO) Check out Sofia's September cover for Allure and pick up a copy of the magazine for more photos and details when it hits
MTV 'House Of Style' Decodes The French Look Since we have no doubt that the updated version is going to be widely watched, we thought we'd offer a \House Of Style\ refresher
The Best Shopping Is Done On Vacation... So Here Are Our Favorite Finds We've Brought Back From Traveling (PHOTOS) Earlier this week, StyleLikeU interviewed jet-setters like jewelry-designing sisters Phoebe and Annette Stephens of Anndra
Sally Struthers Evolved From 'All In The Family' Actress To Established Activist In Style (PHOTOS) Sally Struthers may have gotten her big break when she starred alongside Jack Nicholson in \Five Easy Pieces,\ but she is
My 3 Favorite Summer Escapes One of the best things about summer is the sense of freedom the sun brings. For me, summer weekends are for exploring and discovering!
Are Your Shoes Too Small? I understand the whole \beauty is pain\ mentality, but what happens when the pain results in surgery? Is a long-term injury worth the compliments and ego-boost of wearing beautiful shoes?
Lady Victoria Hervey Wears Half A Dress In London (PHOTOS) Ready? Check out the gown below! We couldn't help but think of our favorite German model Micaela Schaefer's infamous cobweb
Harper Beckham Hits London With Victoria & David (PHOTOS) OK, moment's over. Enjoy these photos and cross your fingers for some Beckhams-meet-Olympics photo opps this coming week
The Olympics' Best Fashion Trend But in addition to death-defying flips, unbelievable flexibility and unexpected strength, Olympian gymnasts have something
A Conversation With Decorator and Fashion Designer Kelly Wearstler Much like the arresting color combinations she washes her rooms with, she applies the same fearless approach to color in her fashion collections. Below the decorator slash designer talks about happiness, style and ball gowns as office attire.
Prevent Razor Burn And Bumps From Ruining Your Bikini Moment (VIDEO) Want more HuffPost Style beauty content? Check us out on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostBeauty
Beauty Street Style This week we met JaKenna, a digital strategist and style blogger, who swears by making her own face exfoliator. \My roommate
Best Fashion Apps LOOK
Panty Power Yet as I discussed the physics of bras with the owner -- learning about underwire placement, the importance of band fitting, and how different styles would achieve different silhouettes -- I knew I needed to formulate a plan. A panty plan.
Celebrity Biopic Hair And Makeup Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Over the years, we've seen many actors
Style Swap Check out the girls as they switched styles below, and take a look at swaps we've done in the past here. This edition of
Olympic Style The gymnasts wear leotards that show off their taut bodies and perfect form, and the colors and sparkles will hold your attention
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) Which item is your favorite? Leave me a comment below to let me know and please take a minute to rate your favorite slides
Cool Stuff On The Street Hi, I'm Raydene Salinas, the photo editor and photographer here at Stylelist. When I'm out scouting for beauty street style and street style I meet great people, am introduced to new designers and capture amazing trends. However, I also spot some cool stuff when I don't have my camera, so I've taken to using my phone to photograph things off-duty.
Kelly Brook Sheds Her Playboy Image In A Demure Look (PHOTO) PacificCoastNews WHAT
Heidi Klum's Daughters Wear Red Lipstick Just Like Mom (PHOTO, POLL) PHOTO
Princess Anne Welcomes Olympic Athletes In Bright Red Sneakers (PHOTOS) Let's hope this is a sign of things to come! If Princess Anne did succeed in blending in with the group, it wouldn't just
Guccio & Alessandro Gucci Lose Trademark Lawsuit Against Gucci This latest trademark win for Gucci comes on the heels of its victory against Guess, which engaged the Italian fashion brand
Miley Cyrus Attends Fashion Trade Show Well, not exactly. It looks like the 19-year-old was just helping out her fiance. Sources told WWD that while Miley attended
Ombre For Free? How I Got In On This Haircolor Trend At Home (PHOTOS) The ombre hairstyle has been kicking around the fashionable set for a few years now. The look, which originated on surfers
Most Outrageous Stage Costumes These days it's safe to say that the costume makes the pop star. It's a critical part of her visual branding, but it's also
Lynda Carter Although she was has had a successful music career and was Miss World USA in 1972, Lynda Carter is best known for playing
Solange Knowles Looks Sharp In Stripes (PHOTO) See Solange Knowles' Style Evolution here. FameFlyNet WHERE
Fashion Trivia Quiz Do you know who designed the dress Sarah Jessica Parker wore to the premiere of \Sex and the City
Selena Gomez & Miley Cyrus Wear The Same Sexy Post-Disney Uniform (PHOTOS) Selena stepped out for a post 20th birthday lunch in Los Angeles in a pair of white cut-offs, a peace sign t-shirt and brown
Spain Olympic Uniforms Make The Internet Rounds (PHOTOS, POLL) At least that's the word from plenty of Internet commenters, reporters and athletes alike. Photos of the red and yellow eyesores
Miami Swim Week Bikini Almost Reveals Too Much On Bottom (PHOTOS) For anyone worried about wardrobe malfunctions, the perils of wearing a teeny bikini are obvious. The perils of wearing one
Hillary Clinton Aces Updo, No Scrunchie In Sight (PHOTO) While delivering a keynote address in Washington, D.C., yesterday, Hillary decided to sweep her hair back into a refined
Demi Lovato's Teen Choice Awards Gig Involves Color-Changing Hair (PHOTOS) Check of Demi's fashion and hair changes. Are you a fan of Demi's wild child style or do you think she should tone it down
Beautiful Bras For The Busty Woman--Finally (PHOTOS) Claire is offering Stylelist readers an exclusive 20 percent off with the code HUFF20. Get shopping! \I sympathize with the
Camila Alves Dress Proves That A Bandage Mini Is Maternity Wear (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Camila joined her husband for
Jennifer Aniston's Bangs For New Movie Are Sort Of Frumpy (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. This new 'do is just for a role
Nose Straightening Products Have Us Scratching Our Heads (PHOTOS, POLL) The first nose up I bought the rubber was very soft (that one is very comfortable to use) HOWEVER; there is the same nose
Best Driving Moccasins For Women Moccasins have always been of the Minnetonka variety, at least in my mind. Cute leather slippers for wearing around the house
Haute Dads 
'Say Yes To The Dress' Is Addictive Even Though I Am Already Married This summer, I have spent more hours than I care to count watching Say Yes to the Dress\  even though I am not getting married,and if I were, the likelihood of me spending several thousand dollars on a dress is pretty nil. So, I feel as if I am a surprising audience for this TV show that centers around extravagant wedding gowns.
The Stylelist Network Takes On LensCrafters Why choose contacts when glasses are an accessory staple? With thick rimmed frames back in mainstream style, we couldn\u2019t
Louis Vuitton, Urban Outfitters And More Wallets That Could Double As Purses (PHOTOS) For more on budgeting your money, click here. As purses get more and more compact, and we need less and less junk because
At-Home Teeth Whitening Kits Put To The (Sometimes Painful) Test By Our Editors (PHOTOS) WHO
Jennifer Lopez Beauty Evolution Click through our other Beauty Evolutions, and be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest
Hot On Pinterest Lauren Santo Domingo
Sartorial Sanctums | Inside The Coveteur's Smashing Success Stephanie Mark, Erin Kleinberg and Jake Rosenberg have transformed an ambitious fashion blog into a bonafide brand; their site The Coveteur has quickly become one of the most covetable spaces to be featured on.
DIY Nail Art Sarah of Chalkboard Nails celebrated her blog's one year anniversary with this blazing nail design. Incorporating the popular
Poppy Delevingne Is Pretty In Pink (PHOTO) LOUIS VUITTON North America WHERE
See What These World Travelers Have Purchased From Around The Globe (VIDEO) Our best purchases always come from traveling. Whether it's a car ride away, or a flight across an ocean, being in another
Teen Choice Awards 2012 Red Carpet Lea Michele was also one of our standouts in a short Atelier Versace frock and low-key makeup. But the sartorial highlight
'The Bachelorette' Finale Showcases Emily Maynard's Best & Worst Fashion (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. When Emily Maynard was chosen
Jennifer Lopez Wardrobe Malfunction PHOTOS
Demi Lovato's Teen Choice Awards Gig Involves Color-Changing Hair (PHOTOS) But she always keeps us guessing
Amy Winehouse Death Amy Winehouse's death one year ago on July 23rd not only left a huge void in the music realm but also in the fashion world
'I'm Renting My Flat To A Fat American Family' Totes Commemorate 2012 Olympics (PHOTOS, POLL) Kate Miltner already contributed greatly to the world with her London School of Economics dissertation on LOLcats. But she's
Why I Threw Away $1,000+ in Luxury Makeup Like many women, I'm always on the lookout for new safe and amazing cosmetics. What are your favorite paraben-free/phthalate-free or natural beauty products?
Teen Choice Style Lounge Sunday night's Teen Choice awards at L.A.'s Nokia Theater were preceded by a gifting suite held on Thursday July 19 at the SLS Hotel for presenters, nominees and celeb attendees.
7 Hairstyles To Cross Off Your Bucket List From Refinery29 Seize the moment, ignore your fears, and try something new with your \u2018do -- it's a liberating, transformative
Beverly Johnson Looks Gorgeous While Modeling A Halston Gown In The 1970s Dirck Halstead/Time & Life Pictures It's no surprise that Beverly Johnson was the first African American model to appear
This Week In Beauty We spend lots of time focusing on what stars wear (and any wardrobe malfunctions they may have), but what about what they
Cate Blanchett Dress Masters The Art Of Subtle Sex Appeal (PHOTOS, POLL) PHOTOS
Fearne Cotton Channels Another Decade (PHOTO) WHO
Celebrity Weight Loss Celebrity weight fluctuations are always a highly discussed topic. Does the star in question look worse before or after weight
Belgium National Day 2012 As July continues on, we not only get more days of national pride, but also more events where state figures can show off
Belgium National Day 2012 As July continues on, we not only get more days of national pride, but also more events where state figures can show off
Celebrity Weight Loss Celebrity weight fluctuations are always a highly discussed topic. Does the star in question look worse before or after weight
Cate Blanchett Dress Masters The Art Of Subtle Sex Appeal (PHOTOS, POLL) See Cate Blanchett's style evolution! The geometric Givenchy dress that Cate wore yesterday perfectly skimmed her body, showing
100 Athletes With Winning Style From Lucky As the Olympics draw nearer, our athletic obsession is reaching a fever pitch. While we're quickly becoming familiar
Do High Heels Make You A Happier Person? From Fashionista Fashionista
Jessica Hart Looks Hot, Literally (PHOTO) Shop a similar look below and check out more of our Look Of The Day picks. WHO
Kaitlyn Leeb's Three Breasts Give Her The Weirdest Cleavage We've Ever Seen (PHOTOS) Indeed, Leeb showed up to Comic Con sporting triple cleavage, thanks to prosthetics. Leeb, a Toronto-based model and actress
Jessica Gomes, World's Hottest Swimsuit Model, Earns Her Title In A Bikini (PHOTOS) Jess may have a hot bod that she often bares in the likes of Sports Illustrated, but she also models with her clothes on
\Dynasty\ Actress Stephanie Beacham Let Her Freckles Shine Through In 1972 (PHOTO) Art by Raydene Salinas Lichfield/Getty Images British actress Stephanie Beacham knew what she was doing when it came to big
Fashionably Late Style Quiz So, you think you're a real fashionista, hmm? Well, then step right up and take HuffPost Style's Fashionably Late Style Quiz
Louise Fletcher, American Actress, Has Been Stylish Since The '70s (PHOTOS) Best known for her Academy Award-winning role in \One Flew over the Cuckoo's Nest\ (in which she starred alongside Jack Nicholson
Walmart, Chico's And Other Unexpected Places Our Style Editors Love To Shop (PHOTOS) As style editors we spend a good part of our day looking at runway shows and lusting after the latest designer goods, but
Danish Royal Family Portrait Is The Cutest Way To End The Week (PHOTOS) And some more family members. Joining the royal dog, as well as Mary, Frederik and their brood (minus little Josephine), were
'90s Fashion Winona Ryder, The Olsen Twins, Jennifer Aniston and Kate Winslet may grace our weekly Best-Dressed lists and Look Of The
Outsourcing National Pride While the economic debate, about the pros and cons of outsourcing on the U.S. economy goes on,  Americans should take this Olympic opportunity to ask themselves a few key questions.
Diane Kruger Bares Her Beautiful Belly (PHOTO) WHAT
Daniel Radcliffe Style Evolution Want more? Flip through our many other Style Evolutions and be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and
Prince Harry, Cressida Bonas Spotted 'Cozying Up' At 'Dark Knight Rises' Premiere While we're at it, here are Prince Harry's cutest moments
Alessandra Ambrosio's Red Boots Are... Interesting (PHOTO, POLL) Sure, she's got the legs for 'em (and she's pulled off bright red before). But can the Brazilian model make a pair of shoes
Front Row At Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Swim 2013 Day two will begin Friday evening at 5 p.m. at the Penthouse of The Raleigh Hotel with Eclairee presentation. Tip for those
'Project Runway' Premiere \But they also will not win on 'Project Runway' if they just make T-shirts,\ Klum told Graham. And it turns out Beatrice
Alessandra Ambrosio's Red Boots Are... Interesting (PHOTO, POLL) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. We're big fans of Alessandra Ambrosio
Danish Royal Family Portrait Is The Cutest Way To End The Week (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Much to our delight, Denmark's
Why I Hate Shopping At The Mall (Even Though I Work In Fashion) It's not that I don't enjoy finding a great deal or major purchase; however, I prefer retail on a less crowded scale.
British Invasion Whatever your plans are for watching the Summer Olympics, make sure to do it in style. And if nothing else, I recommend checking out these fabulous British brands and products.
Brandon Holley, Lucky Editor-In-Chief, On Why She Loves Magazines, Shopping And Dodging Street Style Photographers (PHOTOS) But still, Holley's persona is a part of the magazine. \Lucky has always had its editors on the pages, so now they just get
Katie Holmes, Karl Lagerfeld And Other A-Listers Who Have Collaborated With...Max Mara? (PHOTOS) While I may aspire to be that kind of woman, I'm just not. Don't get me wrong, I'd sell one of my kids for one of their signature
Jennifer Aniston, Lauren Conrad And 48 More Dirty Blonde Hair Icons (PHOTOS) While in the spectrum of blondes, platinum girls seem to get the most attention. But for me, it's dirty blonde hair that's
Olympic Tattoo Misspelled An Atlanta torch bearer's 2012 Olympics spirit was a little dampened recently after a commemorative tattoo she got in honor
'Gossip Girl' And The Fashion Blogger Revolution Five little seasons ago, Twitter seemed very avant garde and bloggers were just a whisper away. Now, \Fashion Social Influencers\ are commanding the front row, pulling in advertisers and becoming renowned style experts.
Miranda Kerr Thong Unfortunately Sees Light Of Day (PHOTOS) So why would you risk it like Miranda Kerr did today? The Aussie model, who's been running picture-perfect errands in picture
Wardrobe Malfunctions Photos This week's wardrobe malfunctions (and close calls) brought us the typical blunders but with some lethal twists. Movie premieres
Lady Gaga, Beyonce And 11 Celebrities Sporting Extreme Shoes (PHOTOS) But stars like Lady Gaga, Rihanna and Victoria Beckham are taking heels to a new level -- literally. We've seen them out
How Florence Welch Dresses For The Actual Dog Days Of Summer (PHOTO) WHAT
Demi Lovato's Leather Outfit Is Making Us Hot Just Looking At It (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Last night the 19-year-old singer
Kate Middleton Visits National Portrait Gallery With Statement Necklace On (PHOTOS) According to the Telegraph, \Road to 2012\ is the Portrait Gallery's biggest photographic commission ever, a three-year project
Isabella Rossellini, 60, Stars In New Bulgari Ads (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Sadly, Isabella wasn't at our
Kate Middleton, Jessica Biel And 8 More Best-Dressed Stars This Week (PHOTOS) We didn't have many red carpet looks this week, but the stars turned it out nonetheless. Some of our favorite celebrities
Rihanna, Katie Holmes And 11 More Worst-Dressed Stars This Week (PHOTOS) We never thought we'd see Rihanna and Katie Holmes on the same list, but both ladies made crucial sartorial missteps this
Nelson Mandela's Clothing Line '46664' Debuts In The U.S.  (PHOTOS) \As a young South African, I can wear a brand that makes me proud to show where I'm coming from,\ said Lira. Check out the
Pippa Middleton's Starbucks Run Is More Glamorous Than Yours (PHOTO, POLL) Her clothes, on the other hand, were average Pippa fare
Miley Cyrus Lace Skirt Shows Off Her Legs (PHOTO) Tattoos Designer skateboards Puppies Pilates Sheer things These are a few of Miley Cyrus' favorite things
Fashion GIF Of The Week For previous Fashion Gifs, take a peek in our gallery below
Beauty Street Style In our Beauty Street Style series, we find inspiring girls around New York City and get the secrets to their look. This week
Helen Reddy's Roarin' Concert Look (PHOTO) EBONY Skirt, REDValentino Shirt, Mrkt Riley Sandals, Coach Bangle '70s pop star Helen Reddy may be Michelle Obama's style
Dating in a Mobile World It's estimated that 14 million people are using mobile dating apps. Time spent on mobile devices has more than doubled in the past year so what's all the buzz about mobile dating?
July's Best Beauty Finds If you read me with any regularity, you'll know I'm obsessed with trying every new beauty product on the market that I can get my greedy little hands on
Haircuts, Bikini Waxes And 13 Other Items We Don't Hesitate To Splurge On (PHOTOS) Last week's article on items we refuse to spend a lot of money on got us all talking about the economy and how it's affected
Sharon Tate's Psychedelic Look And Unexpected Accessory (PHOTO) Art by Raydene Salinas Getty Images Vanessa Bruno Skirt, Delia's Tank, Lucky Brand Earrings, Essie Brooch The SubjectNail
Wendy Williams Hair Evolution Click through our other Beauty Evolutions. While most women try to hide the fact that they've added a little (or lot) of
Rihanna, Madonna And 48 More Celebrities Who Made The Midriff So Fabulous (PHOTOS) Madonna courted scandal from the early days of her career by (among other things) exposing her belly in midriff-baring tops
Kim Kardashian, Britney Spears And 24 Other Toe Ring Wearers (PHOTOS) The early 2000s were many things, but fashionable was not always one of them. Do you remember bleached streaks? Cargo pants
7 Light Face Moisturizers For A Freakout-Free Summer However, a heavy cream feels sticky when it's 90-degrees out. So we're zeroing in on the problems and the best way to keep
Whitney Port Pulls Off A Summer Sweater (PHOTO) Shop a similar look below and check out more of our Look Of The Day picks. See Whitney Port's Style Evolution here. Want
Bryanboy On 'America's Next Top Model' Read more at Fashionista.com. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Yelling
Olivia Munn's Top Is Sheer But Oddly Demure (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Even though her blouse was practically
Madonna Thong Incident Leaves Us Wondering The 2012 MDNA tour has already been riddled with bad luck
Harper Beckham Walks With Victoria In Dublin (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Lanvin Fall Campaign Features Real People In 'Democratic' Approach (PHOTOS) Lanvin may be one of Paris' oldest fashion houses, but that doesn't mean that it has to create stuffy ad campaigns to represent
Beverly Johnson, Pat Cleveland Fete 'About Face We'll have whatever they're having, because these ladies look fabulous! If aging gracefully is the goal, then we can learn
Turn Old Cutoffs Into Dip Dye Shorts With This DIY (VIDEO) What do you think about these dip-dye shorts? Would you ever wear it? Tell us in the comments section. Want more? Be sure
Madonna Thong Incident Leaves Us Wondering But what most caught our eye last night was Madonna's thong. Yes, thong. The underwear emerged as part of her tour choreography
Alek Wek Returns To South Sudan One Year After National Independence (PHOTOS) It was just so surreal to finally know independence had taken place. It was something that I never thought would really happen
Does Hair Grow Faster In The Summer? A Pro Gives Us The Real Answer \There may be a slight increase in the rate of growth,\ says Cunnane-Phillips, \but it\u2019s really marginal. A natural hormonal
Women's Suits For Every Shape Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. For more suit style click here. Here
Photoshop Fail Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. If you look at our hand, it totally
Jennifer Aniston Gets Dolled Up By Ellen DeGeneres (VIDEO) How does Ellen's own style hold up? See her fashion evolution! But she's also thought up some ingenious ways to spruce up
Audrey Landers And Sister Judy's Style Over The Years (PHOTOS) Audrey Landers, who is best known for roles on the long-running soap opera series \Dallas\ and film adaption of \A Chorus
Lady Gaga Nude Fragrance Ad Features Strategically Placed Little Monsters (PHOTOS) There's no raw meat in sight, but in true Gaga style, the spot is sure provocative. The singer poses in the buff save for
Anne Hathaway 'Dark Knight Rises' Dress Is Uncharacteristically Sexy (PHOTOS) Maybe Anne was reconnecting with her Catwoman character, maybe she's looking to shake up the image that she's created with
Obamas Kiss Cam Former White House aide (and style maven) Reggie Love and Vice President Joe Biden were also on hand at the Verizon Center
Kate Moss George Michael Video George Michael has never hidden his affinity for supermodels. After his casting of Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista, Tyra
Obamas Kiss Cam Check out pics and video of the Obamas' courtside canoodling below, and be sure to see more First Couple PDA here! Former
Anne Hathaway 'Dark Knight Rises' Dress Is Uncharacteristically Sexy (PHOTOS) What do you think of Anne's risqu\u00e9 look? Scroll down for more photos. Anne Hathaway has adjusted well to her new pixie cut
Mermaid Body Swimsuit The Hottest Trend Of The Season? Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Well, consider us convinced. We're
Lady Gaga Nude Fragrance Ad Features Strategically Placed Little Monsters (PHOTOS) Check out more stars with fragrances! We assume no monsters were harmed during the filming. Want more? Be sure to check out
Sweat Etiquette for Men WASHINGTON - As political campaigning gradually shifts into higher gear,\nCongress was in recess this week and flip flops, muffin tops, stray straps, sheer dresses, and VPL's were in visible form. As the mercury rises, people forget how to stay stylish in the heat. And, while summers on Capitol Hill can feel hot and sticky, that is no excuse to forget your manners.
Madonna & Michelle Obama's Bare Arms Inspired Me To Wear A Tank Top I wore a tank top today. While that may not seem to be noteworthy, if I add that I am 50 years old, than the fact that I wore a tank top, in public, becomes significant. Most women start to cover their upper arms when they turn 30. I certainly did, feeling that no matter how young the rest of me looked, flabby underarms would be a giveaway that I was not only out of shape, but old.
Miley Cyrus Blonde Hair Comes With Duck Lips (PHOTOS) As promised, the photo displays a classic, Facebook-ready kissy face and bright, highlighted blonde hair. It's the latest
Laila Gohar Packs For A Trip, We Watch And Learn (VIDEO) If you came across Laila Gohar on the street, her perfectly distressed tank tops, sky-high colorful platforms and quirky
Nikki Reed Keeps Her Cool In Light Leather (PHOTO) Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. WHAT
Flip-Flops And The Celebrities Who Love Them...On The Beach, Street And The Red Carpet (PHOTOS) Halle Berry confessed to Stylelist back in May that there is a reason she is always spotted in flip-flops
Miley Cyrus Blonde Hair Comes With Duck Lips (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. See Miley's new look -- do you
Kate Middleton Marie Claire South Africa Cover Inside the issue, five local illustrators dressed Catherine up in designs from local designers; on the cover, she \wears
Kate Middleton Marie Claire South Africa Cover At least they didn't Photoshop her smile with rotting teeth. Even the ugliest dress is better than that. Inside the issue
Kim Kardashian's Bra Is Out... Again (PHOTOS) But as Kim tottered on her sky-high Louboutin leopard boots (animal print must be Kanye approved?), we couldn't help but
Alessandra Ambrosio Bikini Body Still Amazing Post-Baby (PHOTOS) Judging by the post-baby body track record of her Victoria's Secret peers, we suspect they've been sharing helpful tips. Check
Kim Kardashian's Bra Is Out... Again (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Things were so much simpler when
Princess Beatrice Hangs Out On A Yacht With Boyfriend Dave Clark (PHOTOS) But life isn't all French Riviera partying for the princess -- although let's be honest, if we were royals, sunning on a
Yiqing Yin After In Carne showed on January, Spring of N\u00fcwa, Yin's new Autumn-Winter 2012-13 collection re-imagines the female form in a world of purely mineral and vegetable composition.
How To Walk Your Dog In Style (PHOTOS) Experts agree that having a dog is beneficial for both the animal and its owner. Taking care of a pet and the love and affection
A Hat Tip To Charlize Theron That all changed last week when I saw Charlize Theron out and about with her baby boy and newly-sheared crop, topped with
Camilla Parker-Bowles' Style Evolution All of the many very stylish members of the British Royal Family (Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie and Kate Middleton included
Anne Hathaway On Jimmy Fallon Gives Audience Member Strange Makeover (VIDEO) If you couldn't tell, we're using the term \makeover\ pretty loosely here, but we recommend that you watch the clip and judge
Comic Con 2012 Costumes Fashion fans and comic book enthusiasts are not the most obvious of pairings, but we can't help but get excited when Comic
Princess Victoria Birthday Since no Swedish royal celebration would be complete without a fantastic show of traditional dress, Princess Victoria and
This Week In Beauty We spend lots of time focusing on what stars wear (and any wardrobe malfunctions they may have), but what about what they
Comic Con 2012 Costumes Fashion fans and comic book enthusiasts are not the most obvious of pairings, but we can't help but get excited when Comic
Anne Hathaway On Jimmy Fallon Gives Audience Member Strange Makeover (VIDEO) If you couldn't tell, we're using the term \makeover\ pretty loosely here, but we recommend that you watch the clip and judge
Rachel Zoe Keeps It Covered Up This Summer (PHOTO) WHAT
Kate Middleton Wedding Dress Causes Wikipedia Controversy (POLL) One of the weaknesses in Wikipedia's coverage of fashion at the moment is that there is not nearly enough coverage of specific
The Everything Blazer There are very few items that I \hunt\ for when shopping but a white blazer has been on my list for a while now. White blazers
Brownstone Fashion I recently had the pleasure of spending a day with Ken Wu of How I Met Your Style, a site that reveals the personal side
Earthly Grunge Style 'Twas an afternoon of general silliness and photos with Nat & Zooey. I love referencing vintage photographs when I can't
Update Your Ombr\u00e9 Highlights For Summer From BellaSugar While the ombr\u00e9 trend has been going strong for seasons now, we've seen various adaptations of the graduating
Heidi Klum Mixes Prints At Book Signing Heidi doesn't always opt for crowd-pleasing ensembles, and this polarizing outfit is no exception. Do you think she pulled
Bastille Day 2012 Happy Bastille Day! Americans may have had their day to watch fireworks and eat barbecue on July 4th, but now it's France's
Free People Catalogue Casts Karlie Kloss In A Moody Light Free People has become our go-to store for everything from boho dresses to lacy bras to stackable bangles, so we were pretty
Victoria's Secret Model On Photoshop Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. So if models can't even make heads
Free People Catalogue Casts Karlie Kloss In A Moody Light The shoot casts both models as complete opposites
Maria Bello Makes Looking Thrown Together Look So Good (PHOTO) WHERE
Fashionably Late Style Quiz So, you think you're a real fashionista, hmm? Well, then step right up and take HuffPost Style's Fashionably Late Style Quiz
Beth Ostrosky's Style Evolution Meanwhile, read what she has to say about Howard Stern tweeting private photos. In celebration of Beth's 40th birthday on
Kate Middleton Makeover Photos We know what Vivienne Westwood thinks, but generally, Duchess Catherine's beauty routine has been tepidly praised by makeup
Michelle Williams Comic-Con 2012 Appearance Makes Us Dizzy (PHOTOS) Comic-Con is one of the rare moments when Hollywood's shiniest, glammest stars rub elbows with the nerdiest of the nerds
'Clueless' Anniversary So we will! In honor of the 17th anniversary of \Clueless\ next week, here are 17 fashion and beauty lessons we learned from
Michelle Obama Wows In White Dress At The White House (PHOTOS) The first lady took to the podium in an all-white sheath dress to celebrate the winners of the National Design Awards. White
Over 100 Stars Reinvent Feathered Hair, Farrah Fawcett's Iconic '70s Hairdo (PHOTOS) Today, feathered hair is still popular in a modern form. There are a lot of reasons why the look hasn't faded
Taylor Swift Brunette Well, almost -- it's a dirty blonde-meets-brown, if we're getting technical. But the darker 'do (which we believe is a dye
Karen Elson Told She 'Needs To Get Raped' After Condemning Daniel Tosh Rape Joke British supermodel and musician Karen Elson joined a host of others in condemning Tosh's joke, taking to her Twitter to say
Taylor Swift Brunette See Taylor Swift's style evolution
Michelle Williams Comic-Con 2012 Appearance Makes Us Dizzy (PHOTOS) Comic-Con is one of the rare moments when Hollywood's shiniest, glammest stars rub elbows with the nerdiest of the nerds
Kate Middleton Makeover Photos Scroll down for more photos. Kate's typical black eyeliner and gloss routine, however, hasn't won over everyone. The Daily
Karen Elson Told She 'Needs To Get Raped' After Condemning Daniel Tosh Rape Joke (Via Fashionista) In case you've been sunning yourself on an Internet-free tropical isle for the past couple weeks, comedian
Cell Phone Etiquette -- How Bad Are Your Manners? Remember, your mobile phone isn't always an accessory and you shouldn't go into a panic attack if your battery dies. Unless you're expecting a call from the president of the U.S. or need a liver transplant, it can be good to take a digital break from the constant chaos.
Lindsay Lohan Hair Is Looking A Little Rough (PHOTOS) See Lindsay's beauty evolution
Hillary Clinton Scrunchie Gets A Fancy Upgrade! (PHOTOS) See Hillary's funky new scrunchie and the rest of her fun accessories in the pictures below! PHOTOS
Chrissy Lance, 37, Is Panhandling For Breast Implants In A Bikini In Ohio (VIDEO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Dare to dream, we suppose. We
Dear Britney Spears, We Love You, Now Change Your Style (PHOTOS) Let's talk about your style for a moment. At the beginning of your career, it was sweet (schoolgirl outfits, belly-baring tops), and we loved you so much that you really could do no wrong in our eyes. 12 years later, we are asking you to please leave the bandage dresses behind, and forge a new path.
Snooki Tweets 'Sitting-Only' Shoes, Which Should Not Be A Thing (PHOTO) 1. Heels are (almost) never necessary. See
Music Meets Style Credited for setting off the drainpipe jeans trend among London's music and fashion folk, duo Amy Molyneaux and Percy Parker of PPQ (Pretty Personal Question) are always one step ahead.
Barack Obama, Ann Romney Wear Coordinating Outfits... And It's Awesome (PHOTOS, POLL) But today, thanks to a Twitter tip, we came upon the GREATEST TWINSIES OF ALL TIME
Pressed Powders We Love Are you a fan of pressed powder? What do you like most about the classic beauty product? Tell us in the comments section
Swimwear On Sale (PHOTOS) Some women consider swimwear to be an investment that they renew each summer season. It makes sense
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) Please note that Zuburbia does not endorse the use of fur, feathers, leather or animal skins in fashion. These selections
Heidi Klum Is One (Red) Hot Mama (PHOTO) See Heidi Klum's Style Evolution here. WHO
Top Influencer Body and face shapes are easy for any magazine to control
Miley Cyrus Wardrobe Malfunction Of course, Miley's no stranger to showing off her great figure, as seen in her fondness for bra dresses, tattered short shorts
Carrie Underwood & More Model Summer's Bright Shorts (PHOTOS) Are you tied to your (oh-so-'90s) denim cut-offs or are you willing to be a little more adventurous this summer? If you fall
Elizabeth Olsen Without Makeup On 'Very Good Girls' Set (PHOTOS) Olsen, 23, was on set of her new movie \Very Good Girls,\ which to our delight co-stars another fashionista, Dakota Fanning
Lea Michele Candie's Ads Are Pink, Girly & Very Candie's Which is to say that Lea's new ads are pretty darn similar to every other Candie's ad. But curiously, despite its unvaryingly
Vera Wang, Arthur Becker Separate After 23 Years Of Marriage (PHOTOS) The announcement comes just two weeks shy of their 23rd anniversary; the couple married an interfaith ceremony at the Hotel
Kirsty Thatcher, 13, Wins 'Dolly' Magazine Cover Contest 2012... But Is She Too Young To Model? (PHOTOS) \We didn't ask about their hair colour or weight and we enlisted the help of The Butterfly Foundation [an eating disorder
Rose McGowan Flashes Blue Lacy Bra Under Revealing Top (PHOTO) Rose McGowan has never really been a blushing flower, but we didn't expect her to forego any semblance of modesty by revealing
Evan Rachel Wood Nose Piercing Caught On Tape (VIDEO) At least that's the warning Evan Rachel Wood gave when she tweeted out a video of her nose piercing out to the world. On
Vera Wang, Arthur Becker Separate After 23 Years Of Marriage (PHOTOS) The president of Wang's company, Mario Grauso, said in a statement, \Vera Wang and Arthur Becker have mutually and amicably
37 Stars Who Love Their Converse Sneakers (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Recently there's been much ado about Kristen
A Chat With 'Moonrise Kingdom' Actress Kara Hayward And A Salute To Wes Anderson's Leading Ladies (PHOTOS) Your favorite scene in the film? \My favorite scene to shoot was one between Fran McDormand and myself. I feel like it was
Money Matters Money is a hot topic these days. For those of us that are style-obsessed, it can mean a real lifestyle change -- days spent
Second-Hand Clothing Gets a Second Life Over a dozen venture-backed peer-to-peer fashion marketplaces have launched in the last year. Re-commerce, it seems, is green in more ways than one.
Louboutin Red Soles Inspire Women To Paint Their Own Shoes Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. So it should surprise no one that
Michelle Obama Repeats Chris Benz Dress In Florida Just a couple of weeks ago, FLOTUS repeated her polka-dot Jason Wu ensemble campaigning in Illinois. And today, she spoke
Queen Elizabeth II, Princess Charlene Match In Khaki Outfits (PHOTOS) It was royal twinsies day in Europe on Tuesday as both Queen Elizabeth II and Princess Charlene donned similar khaki looks
Shana Edme, Aspiring Lawyer, Sues Website For Leaking 'Career Damaging' Sexy Photos Check out some celebs who can relate to this case. And it gets worse. Three years later, after Edme decided to drop modeling
Harper Beckham's Birthday Is An Excuse To Look At Her Cute Face (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Celebrity babies
William And Kate Honeymoon Photos Published William and Kate are said to be feeling upset and betrayed today after beach photographs of their honeymoon were published
Addicted To Jeans? Denim Habit Takes It To The Next Level (PHOTOS) For more denim news click here. We all have stacks of jeans in our closets. We collect them over the years, because even
Britney Spears And Snooki Heart High Heels...But How Much Is Too Much? (PHOTOS) So, how high is too high? At what point do you go from just a simple boost in height to the pole-dancing variety? The answer
Target, Neiman Marcus Enlist 24 CFDA Designers For Joint Collaboration Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. An earlier launch date, that's
Jennifer Lopez vs. Victoria Beckham Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. For her turn in the dress, Victoria
Tim Tebow Requests Hair Stylist Who 'Doesn't Curse,' Source Says Tim Tebow is known for wearing the largest proverbial halo in professional sports. As a devout Christian, the famous 24-year
I Think My Breasts Are Too Big (PHOTOS) In my teenage years, it was nothing abnormal because the clothes that were in style then (it was the '60s) weren't form-fitting
Scarlett Johansson Bikini Look Includes An Ever-Trendy Visor (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Jessica Biel Admits Justin Timberlake Picks Out Her Outfits In InStyle See Jessica Biel's style evolution! We'd really like to see how that plays out in real life (or borrow Justin for some personalized
Kristen Wiig's Blue Look Is Anything But Sad (PHOTOS) Shop a similar look below and check out more of our Look Of The Day picks. Fame Flynet photo WHERE
Kristen Wiig Covers Marie Claire With More Skin Than Usual (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. She's gorgeous... and hilarious
'Xena' Body Armor The Inspiration For New U.S. Military Uniforms For Women We'll 'fess up to modeling our outfits after Carrie Bradshaw or Blair Waldorf, but the U.S. military has a slightly more
Taylor Tomasi-Hill Dances Her Way Through Sao Paulo Fashion Week (VIDEO) New York Fashion Week is exhilarating. Milan is luxurious, Paris is gorgeous and London, well, London gets weird sometimes
Courtney Love's Style Evolution Six months ago, I had the amazing privilege of going to Courtney Love's house to take a tour of her fantastic wardrobe. While
Jessica Simpson's Style Evolution In celebration of Jessica's 32nd birthday on Tuesday (July 10th), we're taking a look back at the multi-hyphenate star's
Are You A Recreational Shopper? (POLL) New clothes just don't appeal to me, compared to the cozy and familiar items in my closet. I have been known to come home with something new and have found that I already owned its identical twin. And I am holding onto innumerable tatty items for when I garden.  Except I don't actually have a garden.
Chloe Moretz For Aeropostale Is Totally Refreshing (PHOTO) Check out a sneak peek pic below and click over to Aeropostale.com to see a super adorable video of Chloe posing in leopard
Kate Middleton vs. Kim Sears Kate Middleton and Kim Sears both have big style shoes to fill as the very public other halves of prominent British men. The
Katie Holmes 'Fired' Tom Cruise's Daughter, Bella, From Fashion Line See how Katie's style changed over the years
What The Stylelist Staff Bought This Weekend On the weekends, we Stylelist editors and Blogger Network members practice what we preach, which entails scouring flea markets
Kim Kardashian Appears Makeup-Free At Tanning Salon The Day Kourtney Gives Birth (PHOTOS) When your sister is giving birth to her second child, where better to be than.. the tanning salon? Plus Kim took time to
42 Reasons Why Summer Leather Isn't Such A Crazy Idea After All (PHOTOS) Leather is no longer limited to heavy jackets on burly men who ride Harley-Davidsons. Slim leather pants (or pleather -- the
Does Plastic Surgery Change Your Identity? (PHOTOS) When my friend decided to have plastic surgery on her face and breasts, I couldn't hide my shock. I was caught off guard -- she had always been one of those cute, perky moms, dressed in the latest trend.
Princess Charlene Meets Germany's First Couple In Bold Ensemble (PHOTOS, POLL) Princess Charlene has always been somewhat of an enigma, but we do know one thing
Taylor Swift Has A New CoverGirl Campaign & She Gave Refinery29 A Sneak Peak See more celebs who represent beauty brands! As for that time during her Vogue cover shoot when she let the hairstylist spontaneously
From Chanel To Versace Best of all, the belts are year-round accents
The Models of Summer Year after year, we celebrate summer with similar traditions, and year after year, editors and stylists are tasked with finding ways to reinvent and incorporate these elements into their shoots.
Beauty Street Style In our Beauty Street Style series, we find inspiring girls around New York City and get the secrets to their look. This week
Kate, Pippa Middleton Join David & Victoria Beckham In Wimbledon Royal Box (PHOTOS) Sure, there's a tennis match going on. But all eyes were on the Royal Box at Wimbledon today, which held not only Kate Middleton
Day Spa Etiquette For many, the spa experience can be a stressful one, but it shouldn't be. It's not the dentist's office! Each day spa is unique, but they all have one thing in common
Francine Siddaway Fired For Allegedly Wearing Too Much Makeup See a few instance of makeup gone wrong
Anna Wintour Takes In Wimbledon Matches, Smiles (PHOTOS) \Sporty\ is rarely a word we associate with Anna Wintour. But get the Vogue editor-in-chief in front of a tennis match and
This Week In Beauty We spend lots of time focusing on what stars wear (and any wardrobe malfunctions they may have), but what about what they
Ines de la Fressange's Summery French Ensemble (PHOTOS) Shop a similar look below and check out more of our Look Of The Day picks. WHERE
Dolores Guinness, Socialite, Relaxes In Envy-Inducing Green Pants... Here's How To Get The Look Baroness Dolores Guinness, the daughter of Franz-Egon von F\u00fcrstenberg-Herdringen and the socialite Gloria Guinness has been
Sienna Miller Reportedly Gives Birth Details on the baby's gender, name and weight have not yet been reported. Sienna Miller, 30, gave birth to her first child
Anna Wintour Takes In Wimbledon Matches, Smiles (PHOTOS) So what does the ruler of the fashion world wear to a tennis match? Prada, of course. Well, sort of. Wintour, an avid tenis
Francine Siddaway Fired For Allegedly Wearing Too Much Makeup According to the Daily Mail, the 28-year-old was sacked by Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge, England, after her bosses
Anjelica Huston's Style Evolution Meanwhile, read what she has to say about \sausage casing\ dresses. Flip through our many other Style Evolutions. Want more
Keep Your Cool Like Blake Lively With A Fishtail Braid From BellaSugar Blake Lively has a way with making any hairstyle all the more interesting. Take this thick, tousled fishtail
Fashionably Late Style Quiz So, you think you're a real fashionista, hmm? Well, then step right up and take HuffPost Style's Fashionably Late Style Quiz
Joan Smalls Pairs Printed Pants With A Sheer Black Top In Berlin (PHOTO) WHERE
Jacqueline Bisset, English Actress, Looks Effortless In Blue Crochet Dress Topshop Crochet Collar Lace Dress, Dr. Hauschka Transulcent Make-up, Tom Ford Lip Color, Tarte Cheek Stain, Suki Exfoliate
10 Perfect Beach Bags... And What To Stuff In Them From Fashionista The Fourth of July fell in the middle of the week this year, making it incredibly annoying for trying to
Katy Perry And Nicki Minaj Continue To Top Our Worst-Dressed List (PHOTOS) Check out our roundup of the week's worst-dressed stars. Do you agree with us? Then head over to our best-dressed gallery
Kate Upton Labeled A 'Vulgar' Cannibal By Thinspiration Site The writer even goes as far as to compare Kate to a \cow\ and quip that she's engaging in \cannibalism\ by eating a hamburger
Miley Cyrus Wants A Chanel Skateboard Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Miley Cyrus seems to have it all
10 Steps to Panic-free Packing We all suffer from the panic of packing, but follow these directions and you will simplify the task and have better results. In other words, you will have everything you need when you arrive!
Goth Makeover Check out step-by-step photos of my transformation below! Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook
Avoiding 'Trout Pout' We've come a long way from liquid silicone, which was used in the 1960s, and today there are several safe surgical and non-surgical ways to achieve fuller and more youthful lips.
Lipstick Trends Confession
Coco Rocha Channels Her Inner Cowgirl...And Pulls It Off (PHOTO) WHERE
Zooey Deschanel Gym Outfit Is Undeniably Quirky, Adorkable (PHOTOS) Oh, Zooey Deschanel. Try as we might to defend and explain you, you keep on proving all the cliches true
Handbag Study Reveals British Women Are Most Purse-Obsessed Check out some celebs sporting the most covetable handbag in the world! American women don't rank too far behind in second
Miley Cyrus vs. Jessica Simpson vs. Alessandra Ambrosio They're different ages and all boast different styles. But Miley Cyrus, Jessica Simpson and Alessandra Ambrosio do have at
Kate Middleton's New Republic Cover Features Gross Rotting Teeth (PHOTO) Kate Middleton rarely (if ever) poses for magazine covers, so publications often snag her image on their own, teasing pregnancy
Blake Lively 'Savages' Costumes Make Her Uncomfortable Does this mean that Ms. Lively throws her Chanel blazers on top of Topshop mini dresses? We'll have to wait for some photographic
Teen Vogue Next In Anti-Photoshop Battle Waged By SPARK Summit Teens Do you think Teen Vogue needs to crack down on their airbrushing and show more real girls? And do you think they'll actually
Teen Vogue Next In Anti-Photoshop Battle Waged By SPARK Summit Teens When Julia Bluhm decided to protest Seventeen's use of Photoshop, there were plenty of skeptical onlookers. The widespread
Heidi Klum Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. While everyone's caught up in
Jaden Smith's Style Evolution In celebration of Jaden's 14th birthday on Sunday (July 8th), we're taking a look back at the quadruple threat's style over
Katy Perry And Nicki Minaj Continue To Top Our Worst-Dressed List (PHOTOS) For more badly-dressed stars click here. Elsewhere, we had stars who wore items that just didn't fit them well. Sometimes
Pleated Skirts Pleated skirts were all over the spring 2012 runways of Prada and Carven, so it's no surprise that celebrities including
Pink's New Video Features Duct Tape, Album News (VIDEO) Misson accomplished, Pink
Fashion GIF Of The Week This week, FashGif takes on this dragon fly-covered suit from Sarah Burton's resort 2013 collection for Alexander McQueen
Cindy Crawford's Fourth Of July Tweets Celebrate... Her (PHOTOS) Not that we needed to be reminded. We're still huge fans of her 1992 Pepsi commercial (obsessed, even?) and we've seen how
Blake Lively 'Savages' Costumes Make Her Uncomfortable Blake dished to Celebuzz about her love of \designing a character\ and throwing herself into the sartorial aspects of her
Kim Kardashian, Katy Perry and 10 More Style Stunners This Week (PHOTOS) The Haute Couture fashion shows are happening in Paris as we speak, and the industry's big guns and the celebrities that
Miley Cyrus vs. Jessica Simpson vs. Alessandra Ambrosio Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. They're different ages and all
Zooey Deschanel Gym Outfit Is Undeniably Quirky, Adorkable (PHOTOS) Granted, it was a pilates class you were leaving, not an Ironman training session. And you might have had somewhere important
Handbag Study Reveals British Women Are Most Purse-Obsessed The study also ranked the most searched for handbag brands globally. Topping the list is American brand Coach -- quite a
4 Things That I Love for Summer To make sure that you get maximum enjoyment out of the season of sunshine, here are four of my favorite partners in soaking up the summer sun for 2012.
Can You Shrink Pore Size? A Top Dermatologist Explains The Possiblities Conclusion
The 6 Steps That'll Get Rid Of Sunburn Pain And Redness (VIDEO) I immediately went into parent-mode and began to scold her about skipping out on sun protection, even (and especially) as
Q10 With Rande Gerber The correlation between business and fashion has no stronger bond then in the case of Rande Gerber.
JWoww Tattoo Debuts In 'Inked' Magazine (PHOTOS) For \Jersey Shore\ stars, tattoos are as much of a wardrobe staple as sunless tanner or trucker hats. Want more? Be sure
Flat Shoes vs. High Heels Want more? Head over to Refinery29.com to see 10 pairs of flats for less than $70, and be sure to check out Stylelist on
Check Out Elle Varner's Neon Party-Ready Ensemble (PHOTOS) WHO
Micaela Schaefer Returns To The Red Carpet In Revealing... Outfit? (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Chloe Sevigny Pulls A Repeat For Miu Miu -- Who Else Has Done The Same? (PHOTOS) Which explains Miu Miu's decision
Kate Middleton Baby Bump Pictures? Duchess Sure To Set Off Rumors In Scotland (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. But most noteworthy was that the
Style Swap For more summer trends, click here. In this Stylelist column, we're switching up our style to see what happens when we transform
Famous Bikinis Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. So in honor of the swimsuit's
Lindsay Lohan Red Hair Is Back Again After 'Liz & Dick' Wraps (PHOTO) As X17Online.com reported, the actress headed to the salon after wrapping up \Liz & Dick,\ the much anticipated Lifetime's
Katie Holmes To Show At Fashion Week, Cover Elle's August Issue (PHOTOS) Katie Holmes' first post-divorce outing was a trip to Parsons, where she filmed a guest-judge spot for \Project Runway All
Britney Marshall, British 14-Year-Old, Urged To Get Breast Implants By Mother (PHOTO) The desire for breast implants isn't a new or surprising phenomenon, particularly in England. Last summer, a poll of 8,000
Christian Louboutin Cinderella Shoe Debuts, And It's... Interesting (PHOTOS, POLL) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Women's Wear Daily got the dirt
Famous Bikinis So in honor of the swimsuit's big day, here's a look back at the most memorable bikini moments ever. Vote on your faves.. and
Charlotte Casiraghi, More PYTs Who Ride Horses Spotlighted By Town & Country (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Tia And Tamera Mowry As stars of the popular '90s sitcom \Sister, Sister,\ Tia and Tamera donned baggy shirts, brightly-colored prints, denim
Fashion Trivia Quiz Do you know who designed the fruit-covered dress Tilda Swinton wore to the Cannes Film Festival in 2001? Or which popular
Paris Haute Couture The balance between true elegance and haute couture is very hard to achieve and since is not that obvious, it's not within everyone's reach. It's hard to get the message across that the less you wear, the chicer you look.
Thin May Be In -- But Not in the Hair World! It's very disheartening to realize that the great mass of hair you once had has now taken a grand bow. Why are more women now experiencing the plight of hair loss when many thought this problem only afflicted men?
Tori Spelling's Addiction To Bleach Must Be Addressed (PHOTOS) Dear Tori Spelling, \n\nYour fashion needs some help. We think you look best when you've just woken up in the morning
4th Of July Outfits That said, there are a lot of celebrities who show their national pride in their clothes. Whether it's wearing Catherine
31 Reasons Why Shorts For Evening Make Total Sense (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Shorts are a hot topic around here
4th Of July 2012 Happy 4th of July! When it comes to Independence Day style, first ladies carry a special burden. As leading lady of the United
Kim Kardashian Couture Trip Begs The Question PHOTOS
Kate Middleton Wimbledon The Duchess of Cambridge watched Andy Murray's quarter final against David Ferrer in a cream-colored Alexander McQueen sailor
Get Keira Knightley's Laid-Back Summer Look, From Head To Toe (PHOTOS) Click here to see Keira Knightley's style evolution. WHO
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) Which item is your favorite? Leave me a comment below to let me know and please take a minute to rate your favorite slides
Summer Perfumes Wearing perfume in the summer can be tricky
Angelica Rivera, Mexico's New First Lady, Has A Soap Opera Past (PHOTOS, VIDEO) As a telenovela actress, Rivera was praised for her sun-kissed skin, long brown locks and sexy, voluptuous style in roles
Marion Cotillard, 'The Dark Knight Rises' Star, Is All Dolled-Up At Dior (PHOTO) Shop a similar look below and check out more of our Look Of The Day picks. Click here to see Marion Cotillard's style evolution
Cat Eye Sunglasses Since the 1950's, cat-eye sunglasses have gone in and out of style. Elizabeth Taylor, Audrey Hepburn and Grace Kelly all
Summer Hair Care Before stepping outside my apartment building last Saturday, I made sure to cover every inch of skin that wasn't underneath
Katherine Helmond's Style Evolution In celebration of Helmond's 84th birthday on Thursday (July 5th), we're taking a look back at her zaniest outfits over the
July 4th Outfits There is also the color palette to consider. Red, white and blue is cute, but if you're not one to wear the stars and stripes
How to Create a Fundraising Event Packed With Personality For the Hudson River Park Gala, I imagined a marathon running right though the event. Did I worry that I might sound crazy? Of course! But, it worked!
'80s Fashion While Demi Moore, Brooke Shields and Julia Roberts may grace our weekly Best-Dressed lists and Look Of The Day columns now
The Short Shorts Defense I hate to admit it, but in this suburban Miami community, I have become known for my short hem lines.
American Apparel's 'Advanced' Model Brings Age To Ads (PHOTOS) Check out the ads below -- isn't nice to see American Apparel doing something non-controversial for a change? PHOTOS
Kick Up Your Summer Wardrobe With One Of These Straw Bags From FabSugar You have the floaty sundress and woven wedges, so now it's time to complete your sunny-day look with a classic
Kelly Clarkson Covers Lucky Magazine August 2012, Talks Bandage Dresses (PHOTOS) Check out the pics from Kelly's shoot below, and make sure to pick up the issue on newsstands July 10th. But Clarkson doesn't
Sharon Stone Shows Cleavage In A Plunging Neckline At Paris Couture Week 2012 (PHOTOS) Stone's standout sartorial appearance, however, came when she was caught between shows in a sexy all-black outfit
Lauren Luke, YouTube Makeup Star, Featured In Domestic Violence PSA (WATCH) The bruising on my face for the video wasn't real, but my emotions in that video were. I had a bad experience in the past
Priscilla Chan Wears Trendy Outfit With Mark Zuckerberg In New York (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. As the couple braved New York's
Chanel vs. Armani Couture As he does for ready-to-wear, Karl presented his Couture Fall 2012 collection in the Grand Palais. Among the grand guests
Lesley Arfin, 'Girls' Senior Writer, On Lena Dunham, What She Would Save In A Fire & '90s Style (VIDEO) \I think it's kind of sexier in a way not to have a perfect body,\ Lesley Arfin said, when StyleLikeU interviewed her at
Avon Helps Women Claim Independence In South Africa, Study Says The Avon lady has become one of the quintessential symbols of female Americana, but a new study shows that she's now doing
Malia Obama Turns 14, Hence These 14 Adorable Pics From The Past Year (PHOTOS) In honor of her 14th birthday, here are 14 of Malia's most aww-inducing moments from the past year. But she also had low
Victoria's Secret Photoshop Fail Carves Out Model's Inner Thighs (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. (Via Photoshop Disasters) Spotted
Kelly Clarkson Covers Lucky Magazine August 2012, Talks Bandage Dresses (PHOTOS) Judging by the photos, where Clarkson dons some great dresses, the \Duets\ star doesn't mind embracing her more classically
Victoria's Secret Photoshop Fail Carves Out Model's Inner Thighs (PHOTOS) (Via Photoshop Disasters) How've you been feeling about your thighs lately? Great, we hope? Well, you can take comfort in
Priscilla Chan Wears Trendy Outfit With Mark Zuckerberg In New York (PHOTOS) Memo to Zucks, however
The Australian Ballet Takes New York 
Lindsay Lohan Turns 26 Today, So Let's Look Back At Her Hair & Makeup (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. If anyone is the master of self
Kate Upton vs. Anna Dello Russo So which fashion scene regular got it right
GOOP T-Shirt Is Predictable, Awesome (PHOTOS) Go to GOOP.com to buy one. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Because
Beyonce, Kim Kardashian BET Awards Appearance Is Surreal (PHOTOS, POLL) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. In any case, let's get to the
Carine Roitfeld Styles For V Magazine Before The Release Of Her Own Glossy Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Carine Roitfeld has certainly
Milla Jovovich Attends Versace Couture Show Channeling Elizabeth Hurley (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Milla Jovovich swanned into the
Katie Holmes Shoots 'Project Runway All Stars' Episode Sans Ring (PHOTOS) See Katie's first post-divorce appearance below. PHOTOS
Pippa Middleton Wedding Dress Pippa Middleton doesn't seem to have much luck in the wedding department. First, she had to maintain her mere commoner status
Jessica Alba Stuns In Leather Dress At Paris Fashion Week (PHOTOS) What do you think of all of these leather dresses? Check out the photos of Jessica Alba in her leather look and tell us what
Carine Roitfeld Styles For V Magazine Before The Release Of Her Own Glossy Cover 2
Beyonce, Kim Kardashian BET Awards Appearance Is Surreal (PHOTOS, POLL) One is widely worshipped by the public, one is widely reviled. But their men are best friends -- so shouldn't Beyonce and
Milla Jovovich Attends Versace Couture Show Channeling Elizabeth Hurley (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Hurley debuted her black Versace
Lindsay Lohan's Style Evolution Although it is Lindsay Lohan's relationship status, rehab stints and frequent court appearances that keep her in the news
Kate Middleton Depicted As Gold Digger In Chinese Tourism Video A spokesperson from the Chengdu Association told The Examiner that the video was intended as \harmless fun,\ but we can't
Tina Fey Color Blocks In Rag & Bone At Alec Baldwin's Wedding Some more celebs in brights! Even though Tina Fey has been showered with praise for her Emmy-winning television show and
Kelly Bensimon Wears Fringed Swimsuit To Book Launch (PHOTOS) See more models who've ventured into other fields! \I Can Make You Hot,\ Bensimon's fourth book, is a diet and lifestyle
Kate Moss Jamie Hince Anniversary Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. In celebration of Kate and Jamie's
Pamela Anderson's Style Evolution Best-known (well, arguably) for her iconic red bathing suit on \Baywatch,\ what Pamela Anderson has worn (or taken off) has
Pamela Anderson's Style Evolution Best-known (well, arguably) for her iconic red bathing suit on \Baywatch,\ what Pamela Anderson has worn (or taken off) has
Kelly Bensimon Wears Fringed Swimsuit To Book Launch (PHOTOS) She does look pretty amazing for her age (or any, really), but we're still on the fence about whether or not we'll be giving
Tina Fey Color Blocks At Alec Baldwin's Wedding Tina looked very pretty in a blue and gray striped dress and nude sandals. She accessorized with diamond earrings and a blue
Fabrizia Citterio, Italian Countess, Tries Frosted Pink Lips... Here's How To Get The Look Getty Images Want more? Head over to Allure.com to read more about pink lipstick and be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter
Princess Beatrice vs. Marisa Tomei They say imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, and we think Marisa was saluting the princess by putting her own spin
'True Blood' Beauty Line Is Vampire Meets Sparkles Want more celeb-inspired makeup? Check out some star-endorsed beauty lines. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style
Mila Kunis' Glamour Cover Looks A Little Off (PHOTOS) Well, maybe not. But we're pretty glad that Mila feels happy and healthy at the moment. Check out the cover photo and spread
Statement Necklaces Chunky may not be a compliment, but when it comes to summer jewelry it is -- small and simple chains are out and bulky and
Jeanne Moreau Makes Sure Her Bikini And Blouse Match... Would You Try This Look? Shop the look and check out more from our A Look Back archives
A Move Towards Anatomically Correct Underwear? There has since been a slow progression in men's underwear design from package crushing, to natural fitting, but these briefs are often marketed less for their functional results than aesthetic.
Fashion Gif Of The Week This week, FashGif takes on this patterned peplum dress from Prabal Gurung's resort 2013 collection. Don't the swinging tassels
Three Things to Check When Looking for Men's Underwear Underwear is arguably the most important part of you or your man's outfit and like every other fashion purchase, requires an attention to detail and knowing what works for him [and you!] and what doesn't.
At What Age Should You Start Using Eye Cream? I worked with an editor who swore the secret to looking forever young was a really good eye cream. She started applying these
Eva Mendes Is Our Summer 2012 Style Muse (PHOTOS) We've got to hand it to Eva Mendes right now
Hummingbird Beats People are fascinated by the things Glynn hates. On the list? Oprah, pandas, slow walkers and the word \honkytonk.\ Lady likes to take a stance!
Want To Sew? Start With This Easy DIY Square Shirt For more DIY Renegade visit www.diyrenegade.com Click HERE to read the rest of this entry. Materials you will needs
Beauty Street Style In our Beauty Street Style series, we find inspiring girls around New York City and get the secrets to their look. This week
Nicole Scherzinger's Style Evolution Scherzinger has donned the typical girl group uniform of midriff-baring tops and itty bitty skirts in addition to a solo
How To Wear Pink Eye Shadow Meanwhile, check out these 25 star-tested summer beauty tricks. Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook
When Did Workout Clothes Become So Sexy? (PHOTOS) The ladies on the treadmills next to me looked flawless ... and decked out. The clothes looked like something I might wear out on the town.
Selma Blair's Colorful Summer Combination (PHOTO) WHAT
Celebrity Yacht Fashion While my summer typically includes several kinds of boats-- kayaks, canoes and speedboats--it rarely includes a yacht. Celebrities
Mila Kunis' Style Evolution Mila Kunis first gained recognition on TV sitcoms \That '70s Show\ and \Family Guy,\ but it was her role in 2010's \Black
Pippa Middleton Spotted At Wimbledon In Prim Outfit (PHOTOS) We thought Princess Beatrice was going to be our only comeback girl this week, but today, we're eating our fascinators after
5 Trends This Fashion Editor Won't Try (PHOTOS) For more summer trends, click here. Here are five trends you won't catch me wearing, and 25 celebrities who are more daring
My Top Ten Right Now Here's a list of what makes me happy. A good old fashioned list of things that make me smile. And laugh. Or both. Hope it inspires you to create a happy list too.
Ann Curry's 'Today Show' Farewell When she first dipped her toe into the \Today\ pool in 1997, Curry openly embraced the trends. (That Y-necklace!) While then
A Fragrant Affair I am a wine lover, unabashedly passionate about wine. That I'm also a perfumer lover should come as no surprise, because I find them so similar in the way that perfumes have a top, middle and base note, and how wine has a bouquet, mid palate and finish.
I Own 19 Pairs Of Sperry Boat Shoes (PHOTOS) You can call it a prepster thing, but I can happily call Sperry Topsiders \my thing.\
We Shopped The Goodwill Warehouse Outlet And You Won't Believe What We Found (PHOTOS) 2) Give yourself a lot of time. We had about an hour and a half in the store, and that wasn't nearly enough to see everything
Emma Stone's Polished, Preppy Look For Letterman (PHOTO) WHO
Princess Beatrice Is Officially Fashionable, Guys (PHOTO) PHOTO
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) Please note that Zuburbia does not endorse the use of fur, feathers, leather or animal skins in fashion. These selections
Celebrities Who Shaved Their Heads One of my best friends is constantly threatening to shave off all of her long blond hair. Why? There's no way to change your
Nora Ephron Felt Bad About Purses So it is only appropriate that we pay tribute to author and playwright Nora Ephron, a true New Yorker if there ever was one
Anne Hathaway & Adam Shulman Adorably Match Their Hairstyles Even though we thought we'd miss the actress' long, flowing hair, we're kind of loving the way Anne's pixie cut is shaping
Lana Del Rey Channels Marilyn Monroe, Jackie O. In 'National Anthem' Music Video You have to hand it to Lana Del Rey. You can't typecast her as a Marilyn or a Jackie --she's both. Or so it appears in her
A Conversation With Bag Designer Rafe Totengco After a one-year hiatus, bag designer Rafe Totengco is reclaiming his rightful position in the fashion world. He has his own bag label, Rafe, whose fans include stylish women like Amanda Hearst, Eva Longoria and Zani Gugelmann.
Sharon Stone Without Makeup Is A Little Unexpected (PHOTOS) Check out the photo below and tell us what you think of Sharon Stone's au naturel look. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost
Michelle Obama Repeats Jason Wu Dress, Loves Polka Dots (PHOTOS) Besides signature color palettes and prints, the First Lady definitely has found one of her favorite designers in Jason Wu
Katy Perry's Movie Premiere Look But yesterday she gave a nod to her own past, donning another unconventional brassiere. The now infamous cupcake bra Perry
Gisele's Vogue Brazil Cover See more model moms! But who needs an official comment when you've got covers like this? The Brazilian supermodel teased
Nora Ephron's Neck And How She Covered It We'll miss you, Nora. Below, a tribute to Ephron's effortlessly chic style. Like most, well, people on the planet Earth, we've
Katy Perry Wardrobe Malfunction This may in fact be Perry's first (real) wardrobe malfunction. The \Part of Me\ singer recently showed off a little too much
How To Get Your Glow On With Self-Tanning Wipes (VIDEO) Want to give this a try? Shop our roundup of self-tanning towelettes in the slideshow below. Riding the subway into the office
Nora Ephron On Style You've been living by Nora Ephon's style mantras for years -- you just didn't know it. The journalist, author and screenwriter
Hey Fellas, It's Travel Shopping Season and Here's Where to Go Now that the NBA season is complete, we can move onto bigger and better things. Like travel shopping.
Greatest Outfits Ever Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Have you ever seen a celebrity
What To Do When You're A Pregnant Bridesmaid (PHOTOS) Imagine that your closest friend or sister is engaged and wants you to be her bridesmaid. After thanking her for the honor (and asking who else will be a bridesmaid), you begin to wonder what you're going to have to wear. You delicately ask if she has begun to think of colors and/or styles. Of course, you would be happy to wear \whatever\ she chooses, you know she has \impeccable taste,\ and yet you ask if she wouldn't mind emailing a picture (or two or three) of the dresses she has in mind for you to wear.  \n\nThis was pretty much how it went down when I was my sister's bridesmaid, except for one important detail. About three months into helping her plan the wedding, I started to feel a bit nauseous and was more tired more than usual. I peed on the stick and got two dark lines
Fashion Trivia Quiz Do you know what year the bikini was invented? Or which fashion designer was once married to a German prince? Take our quiz
Oily Skin No More Exfoliate weekly (our quick guide will help you determine just how often you should). A gentle scrub sloughs off dead skin
Twiggy, Farrah Fawcett & Motley Crue As I got older, I vowed to let my hair grow. But I never ended up with my sister's lustrous mane. My hair was straight, limp
Khlo\u00e9 Kardashian's Style Evolution Meanwhile, take a peek inside of Khlo\u00e9's shoe closet. The girl loves Christian Louboutin heels! In honor of Khlo\u00e9's 28th
Shanghai Subway Publishes Photo Of Sexily Dressed Woman, Tells Her To Expect Sexual Harassment (PHOTO) In a BBC report one woman said, \The abuse will happen whatever we wear.\ Another stated that, \It's summer, girls have to
A Black Bikini While bright prints and colors may seem like an obvious choice for a day at the beach, nothing beats the simple elegance
Sharon Stone's White Hot Summer Style (PHOTO) WHO
Lila Moss, Kate Moss' 9-Year-Old Daughter, Gearing Up For Modeling Career? (PHOTOS) Iris Law, the 11-year-old daughter of Jude Law and Sadie Frost (who's Kate's BFF), told aMUSE magazine
Why I Gave Up On Anti-Perspirants And Now Wear Natural Deodorant The first day I wore it, I smelled like B.O. (body odor -- yuck!). I could smell myself, which meant I REALLY smelled. I
Are Kristen Stewart's Jeans Wedding Appropriate? Okay Kristen Stewart, we get it. You're so laid back. You even wear jeans to a wedding. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost
Lila Moss, Kate Moss' 9-Year-Old Daughter, Gearing Up For Modeling Career? (PHOTOS) Lila's dad is Jefferson Hack, a co-founder of Dazed & Confused magazine. Kate Moss is now married to Kills guitarist Jamie
Are Kristen Stewart's Jeans Wedding Appropriate? The ever-easygoing actress ended up slipping back into her trusty jeans, tee shirt and blazer by the end of the party (there's
Blake Lively Wears Sexy Optical Illusion Dress (PHOTOS, POLL) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Co-star Salma Hayek was also there
Jennifer Aniston Engagement Rumors Tell us
Kate Hudson Does Her Friends' Makeup... And Her Own We can't say we know her personally, but Kate Hudson seems like the kind of girl we'd want to hang out with. We'd giggle
Kate Hudson Does Her Friends' Makeup... And Her Own See Kate's evolving style... Read more about Kate's makeup routine -- including who was her first makeover victim -- at People.com
Blake Lively Wears Sexy Optical Illusion Dress (PHOTOS, POLL) What's your take? Check out her frock and vote below... Being the new face of Gucci fragrance must do a body good. We've
Q10 With Jerome C. Rousseau Through the art of music video, Jerome used visuals as inspirations and began to sketch retro styles paving the way for a strong career in the accessories world.
ModeWalk Introduces Couture Shopping For The Masses (PHOTOS) Now imagine that you can bypass the annoying parts of travelling abroad -- like the intrusive TSA pat-downs at the airport
I Write Worst-Dressed Lists In My Sweats (PHOTOS) I had a boyfriend in college whose mother remarked (very kindly) about me, \When Christina dresses down, she really dresses down.\ As a fashion editor, my job requires that I dress up (and I love it, to be honest), but by the time I get home, I am ready to get comfortable and that usually means some combination of the following
Andy South Transgender She also noted
Katie Holmes Sports A 'Canadian Tuxedo' Denim-On-Denim Look In NYC (PHOTO) The denim-on-denim look is a tricky ensemble to pull off. Wear it too earnestly and you risk looking like Wheels from the
Kim Kardashian Or Rachael Ray The celebrity chef wore a plunging Marc Bouwer dress with strappy black heels and a white embroidered clutch to the 2012
How I Learned To Love My 'Knobby' Knees Then the summer before I started high school, my mother took me to a model casting call (after some serious nudging and a
Vintage Bathing Suits Two summers ago, I was at a pool party in Southampton when I spotted a girl wearing the coolest dress/swimsuit hybrid I had ever seen. I didn't know her, but that didn't matter. I had to find out where it was from. \Vintage,\ she smiled. \I bought it at this great second hand store downtown.\
Anne V Lands Big Movie Role AND Covers Vogue Mexico Anne V has certainly taken her breakup with Adam Levine well (especially considering how he's cozied up to her model friend
Michael Jackson Is The Reason I Love Flashy Fashion (PHOTOS) On the third anniversary of Michael Jackson's death, I'd like to pay tribute to the Motown legend who inspires me every morning to step into scene-stealing shoes, throw on over-the-top outerwear and pile on the rhythm-making bracelets and earrings.
Cindy Crawford Shorts Remind Us How Awesome She Still Is (PHOTOS) But she still finds time to chill, taking a walk on the beach in Los Angeles in the pic below. Like a normal mom, she's wearing
Carly Simon's Style Evolution As the first artist to win the entertainment industry's trifecta of prestigious awards--Grammy, Academy and Golden Globe
Ed Westwick Walks Runway For Philipp Plein (PHOTOS) Then again, Westwick was probably a more reliable choice than Plein's other famous campaign star
Kate Middleton Demoted? Duchess Ordered To Curtsy To Princesses Eugenie & Beatrice The biggest change? The queen has ordered Catherine to curtsy in front of the \cool girls,\ the \blood princesses\ Eugenie
Miranda Kerr Gets Busy In Mismatching Floral Prints (PHOTOS) WHO
Mariah Carey's Trench Coat Can Barely Contain Her Assets (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
'Overdressed' By Elizabeth Cline In reality, it's easy to play devil's advocate to Cline's sentiments about these notable dressers. (Michelle Obama has repeated
Crochet Bags That Aren't Just For Hipsters (PHOTOS) Here, seven crochet bags to lighten your load this summer. The open knit takes its name from the French word for \hook\ because
Beauty Street Style In our Beauty Street Style series, we find inspiring girls around New York City and get the secrets to their look. This week
Collared Shirts Are Actually Very Sexy--Here's Why (PHOTOS) Collars are very in right now. We've seen them on the runways (Marc Jacobs did them in broderie anglaise for his spring 2012
DIY Nail Art Meanwhile, check out these summer pastel nail art designs. When I'd tune into Nickelodeon on Saturday nights as a teen to
Margherita Missoni Married... In Giambattista Valli (PHOTO) Seeing as she's heir to the Missoni fashion house and a veritable It Girl, fashion's most fabulous wedding guests were on
Bianca Jagger's To-Die-For Sunglasses...And How To Get The Look Art by Raydene Salinas Farhi by Nicole Farhi Ivory and Navy Candide Lattice Stripe Pointelle Top, Lowie Cashmere Beret, Oversized
Best Twitpics Of Celebrities Without Makeup (PHOTOS) Enter celebs who Twitpic them selves sans-makeup! Last week Kelly Osbourne Tweeted a pic of herself in pajamas, and we were
This Week In Beauty We spend lots of time focusing on what stars wear (and any wardrobe malfunctions they may have), but what about what they
Is Fashion Gaming The Next Marketing Frontier? Most fashion companies have already entered the digital sphere with websites, editorial content, mobile commerce and social
Is Fashion Gaming The Next Marketing Frontier? We don't plan on jumping on the bandwagon just yet, especially since brands have been trying to cash in on gaming for the
Beth Shak Sued For Shoe Collection By Ex-Husband Justifying a massive shoe collection may just be the central conflict between women and men, but now it's become a major
Mia Moretti's Retro Red Number (PHOTO) Shop a similar look below and check out more of our Look Of The Day picks. WHAT
Going Out Your crew of cronies is waiting to shake a tail feather and they need your moves -- the way you shake it is second-to-none. Now. What you wear is up to you (little black dress? satin short-shorts?), but what you tout in your clutch should be essentials only.
What Makes A Supermodel So Super? From Fashionista Supermodels are having a resurgence. Our faves from the '80s and '90s are still popping up on runways (Alexander
Ashlee Simpson Mixes Prints With Simple Gold Accessories For A Perfect Summer Look (PHOTOS) WHAT
Beth Shak Sued For Shoe Collection By Ex-Husband Beth doesn't seem to be too shy about her stockpile, showing off her impressive kicks on The Today Show last year. Apparently
Selma Blair's Style Evolution From 'Cruel Intentions' Actress To Hollywood Mom (PHOTOS) Although she is best known for roles in \Cruel Intentions,\ \The Sweetest Thing\ and \Hellboy,\ fashion has always been a
Wildest Royal Ascot Hats On Royals And Commoners Alike (PHOTOS) The Royal Ascot has come to a close, which means that it's time to reflect on what we consider the most important component
Anouk Aim\u00e9e Pairs Two Shades Of Green...Here's How To Get The Look (PHOTO) Want more? Head over to InStyle.com to read more about monochromatic dressing and be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter
Lana Del Rey Goes Old School At Isle Of Wight Performance See more of Lana Del Rey's festival ensemble. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr
Jessica Simpson Takes Cleavage, New Baby For A Walk PHOTO
Fashionably Late Style Quiz So, you think you're a real fashionista, hmm? Well, then step right up and take HuffPost Style's Fashionably Late Style Quiz
Wildest Royal Ascot Hats On Royals And Commoners Alike (PHOTOS) See all the dukes, countesses, princesses and wild hats at the 2012 Royal Ascot! The British social calendar is booming with
Lana Del Rey Goes Old School At Isle Of Wight Performance PHOTO
Jessica Simpson Takes Cleavage, New Baby For A Walk We already know that it took a full-term pregnancy to tear Jessica Simpson away from her beloved towering stilettos, so we
Selita Ebanks Shows Some Leg On The Red Carpet Shop a similar look below and check out more of our Look Of The Day picks. WHERE
How To Style The Perfect Summer Wedding Outfit From Refinery29 We helped you piece together three infallible summer outfits last month, but if you're ready to graduate
Q10 With Suze Yalof Referred to by the New York Times as a \fairy godmother\ for her makeover abilities, I was honored to have Suze Yalof as this week's Q10 guest.
Cyndi Lauper's Style Evolution In celebration of Cyndi's 59th birthday on Friday, we're taking a look back at the fashion icon's craziest outfits over the
Ask Michael Cohen Let me wipe away all those thank you gift insecurities so that you can enjoy your weekend without thinking that you are a cheap, freeloading guest, which I think your friends already know, considering the invite.
Solange Knowles' Style Evolution Meanwhile, find out what's key to the curly-haired cutie when it comes to getting dressed. Flip through our many other Style
Chrissy Teigen Shaves Twice A Day, Doesn't Mind Hairy Men More even more fun facts on the swimsuit model, click here. Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook
Fashion Gif Of The Week This week, FashGif takes on this hexagon-inspired knit top from Diane von Furstenberg's resort 2013 collection. Don't you
Rihanna, Kim Kardashian And 20 More Worst-Dressed Celebrities Of The Week (PHOTOS) Check out our roundup of the week's worst-dressed stars and keep clicking to see previous weeks' contenders. Don't forget
Cesar Ramirez Born into a family of hairdressers, Cesar Ramirez, is today's go-to hairstylist catering to R&B royalty.
Urban Decay Urban Decay will also be hosting a live web chat with founding partner Wende Zomnir in about two weeks to discuss the matter
Daytime Emmy Awards Fashion It's time for the 39th Annual Daytime Emmys (Sat., June 23, 8 p.m. ET on HLN), which means it's also time for a look back
Aaron Bennett, Army Veteran, Banned From Old Navy Store After Uniform Scuffle (VIDEO) Bennett, who comes from a military family, said he told the store manager about the staff member's apparel. He claims he
Lily Aldridge Baby 'Tis the season of model babies! Lily Aldridge has given birth to a baby girl, reports Us Weekly. It's the first child for
Hillary Clinton Sunglasses The secretary of state took to the podium at the swearing-in ceremony for her Assistant Secretary of Public Affairs, Mike
Aaron Bennett, Army Veteran, Banned From Old Navy Store After Uniform Scuffle (VIDEO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. UPDATE
Mila Kunis 'Ted' Premiere Dress Takes The Faux Plunge (PHOTOS) Check out pics below! The 28-year-old actress splashed up Thursday night's premiere of \Ted\ in a classic Christian Dior
Nicole Richie Fragrance Joins Celebrity Perfume Ranks See more celebrity fragrances! Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest
Katy Perry, Emma Stone And 14 More Best-Dressed Stars This Week (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Color is also key. Stars stunned in
Cameron Diaz Does Denim-On-Denim...And Well (PHOTO) Shop a similar look below and check out more of our Look Of The Day picks. Pacific Coast News Want more? Be sure to check
Anne Hathaway See Anne's style through the years
Beauty Street Style In our Beauty Street Style series, we find inspiring girls around New York City and get the secrets to their look. This week
Eva Mendes Channels A Sexy School Secretary (PHOTO) WHAT
Keira Knightley's Style Evolution Keira Knightley is as well-known for her roles in films such as \Bend It Like Beckham,\ \Pirates Of The Caribbean\ and \Pride
Kim Kardashian Cleavage Also Shows Off Bra (PHOTOS) See Kim's style through the years... Oh well. At least she's wearing one. In other Kim Kardashian News, we are pleased to
Yves Saint Laurent Name Change According to Women's Wear Daily, Hedi Slimane is looking to push the brand, founded by Yves Saint Laurent himself in 1960
Miley Cyrus Gets Cheeky In Short Shorts At American Apparel (PHOTOS) See Miley's style evolution! Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Check
Emma Stone Covers Teen Vogue With Andrew Garfield, Reaches New Levels Of Awesome (PHOTOS) See more stylish celebrity couples... PHOTOS
Carole Middleton Hits The Royal Ascot In A Very Kate-y Outfit (PHOTOS) Come to think of it, it also looks much like Kate's barge-riding outfit from the Diamond Jubilee boat parade, worn three
Kim Kardashian Cleavage Also Shows Off Bra (PHOTOS) Although we already regret admitting it, we're no stranger to Kim Kardashian's cleavage (any of her Twitter followers could
Yves Saint Laurent Name Change According to Women's Wear Daily, Hedi Slimane is looking to push the brand, founded by Yves Saint Laurent himself in 1960
Emma Stone Covers Teen Vogue With Andrew Garfield, Reaches New Levels Of Awesome (PHOTOS) In the ongoing (and highly entertaining) battle of Cutest Celebrity Couples, we have only found one twosome that comes close
Miley Cyrus Gets Cheeky In Short Shorts At American Apparel (PHOTOS) PICS
Jennifer Aniston For Aveeno We like Jen's new adventurous style, but we must say we're still partial to \the Rachel\ look -- face it Jen, you'll never
Lacey Wildd Breasts Dr. Drew tries to empathize with the mother of six by holding 10-lb. watermelons up to his chest and asks Lacey how she can
Prince William Birthday Happy birthday, Prince William! Check out photos of Will's changing hairstyles over the years below! Though William was once
Mini Skirt vs. Maxi Skirt Summer 2012 is all about the maxi. The long, flowy skirts are perfect for warm weather
5 Ways I Wore Glitter Shoes...During The Day (PHOTOS) With that said, I teamed up with Stylelist's Fashion Editor Christina Anderson who lent her sharp sartorial skills in whipping
Interview With Christopher Guy If there is anyone who knows how to create timeless elegance, especially in the realm of luxury furniture, it's Christopher Guy.
Press-On Nails Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. When my mother would hand me a Dollar
Khloe Kardashian Has Us Wondering If Off-The-Shoulder Is Back for 2012 (PHOTOS) I'll gird my journalistic loins as I make this explosive statement
Herm\u00e8s Burns Imperfect Bags, Says Mulberry's Emma Hill See totally intact Hermes bags on the arms of celebs
Why I Love Givenchy and Everything Ricardo Does for Fashion What I love about 'resort' collections is how wearable they are and their lack of over-thinking. Givenchy's resort collection is genius. The line combines ladylike elegance with bohemian drapery.
Rumer Willis' Torn Shorts Reveal A Sexy Rear View (PHOTOS) Check out Rumer's jorts below, and see some more egregious celebrity denim in our slideshow. Not that Rumer's reticent to
Herm\u00e8s Burns Imperfect Bags, Says Mulberry's Emma Hill (Via Fashionista) As Fashionista noted, Mulberry's Emma Hill says Herm\u00e8s disposes of any imperfect bags by burning them. Referring
Natalia Vodianova GQ Russia July Cover Looks Seriously Photoshopped (PHOTO, POLL) Natalia Vodianova is one of the biggest models in the world... and yet her head seems to be one of the smallest. For their
Platinum Blonde Hair Icons Admittedly, I have always been a little jealous of blondes. When I was little, my brother had Robert Redford-esque locks
Jennifer Lopez Short Hair Either way, we hope the short hair is here to stay. We kinda love it... Unfortunately, it might just be our eyes deceiving
Kate Upton When Kate Upton\u2019s GQ cover hit on Tuesday, we\u2019re sure ours weren\u2019t the only jaws to drop. There are few models who look (or
Becky Andrews Becky Andrews claims a Salt Lake City Ann Taylor store wasn't too friendly when she brought her guide dog, Cricket, in to
Cameron Diaz, Milla Jovovich And Other Models Turned Actresses From Fashionista Beauty and fame often go hand-in-hand, so it makes sense that models and actresses seem to be forever trading
'Colbert Report Napoleon Tee' Sells Out At Urban Outfitters In A Hot Minute (PHOTOS) After popping up on BuzzFeed this week, the black t-shirt quickly flew off the (virtual) shelves. For once, controversy-prone
Natalia Vodianova GQ Russia July Cover Looks Seriously Photoshopped (PHOTO, POLL) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Check it out below -- would you
Red Lipsticks R' Us Red lipstick is a deeply personal thing. And the road to finding your perfect true shade can be an arduous one. Luckily we
Eyebrow Shaping Transformed My Face (PHOTOS) I've recently started experimenting with red lipstick, and I'm still convinced that I look like Courtney Love in her Hole
Emma Stone's Dress At The 'Spiderman' Premiere In Paris Scares Us A Little (PHOTOS) So we were particularly confused when she stepped out for the Paris premiere of \The Amazing Spiderman\ in a gothic Gucci
Derek Lam For Kohl's Coming This Spring? Since then, however, Lam has seemed wary of the high-low game. He told Styleite that he had originally sworn off the collaboration
Molly Sims Gives Birth To A Baby Boy! Check out more model moms! Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. It's
Plus Size Beauty Pageant In Israel Crowns 2012 Winner (PHOTOS) Although they receive less attention from the press, plus size pageants are growing in popularity. In addition to Israel
JWoww's Face Regardless of what's next on the small screen, there have definitely been some changes for its cast members. Snooki, who's
The 10 Best Foods For Your Hair Move that shampoo and conditioner aside. The pursuit of luscious, shiny locks starts with fish, beans, bananas and lentils
Beverly Johnson's Makeup Routine Models are used to sitting for hours backstage at fashion shows or photo shoots to get made up. And when you've been lucky
When You're Not What You Wear So, what WOULD happen if Linda shucked off her jeans, clogs and spaghetti-strap tank top and put on a strapless Lily Pulitzer dress and a pair of strappy sandals and headed out on a date? My best guess? It wouldn't turn out well.
France Nuyen, 'South Pacific' Star, Stuns In The Pre-Photoshop Era Getty Images Art by Raydene Salinas Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest
FDA Sunscreen Rules For 2012 Understand what \broad spectrum\ means. According to the FDA, in order for a sunscreen to claim that it is broad spectrum
Makeover Video To take Kinga's look into the night, Rebecca applied blush to the top of the cheekbones, then added red lipstick. The result
Zoe Saldana's Style Evolution To celebrate Saldana's 34th birthday on Tuesday June 19th, we're taking a look back at her greatest style moments (and there
Summer Jackets For Every Body Type, From Petite To Curvy (PHOTOS) But so many of us have a hard time dressing for warm weather because our offices are either so darn cold, or so unwelcoming
Fashion Trivia Quiz Do you know when Bloomingdale's started using their famous brown bags? Or who designed the minimalist dress Kate Moss wore
Paula Abdul's Beauty Evolution Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. The Grammy Award-winning entertainer's
Jennifer Hudson QVC Line Launching Soon The singer will be the latest in a long string of celebs to put together an affordable fashion line for QVC, Women's Wear
January Jones' Red Hair Totally Suits Her (PHOTO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. January opted for a more orange
Kim Kardashian vs. Kate Winslet Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Kim Kardashian is becoming an
Horizontal Stripes Study Proves What Every Fashion Editor Already Knows Below, how to make stripes of all styles -- horizontal, vertical and diagonal -- work for you. Lest you think this finding
Anne Hathaway If you're looking for some motivation to hit the gym this morning, look no further than Anne Hathaway. The newly-engaged
10 Neat Resources to Re-Fashion Our (Life) Styles As we go through the motions and figure out what works for our bodies as well as our closets, it's amazing how we -- by choice or not -- are part of the fashion world, a living, breathing, constantly evolving system.
Kate Middleton Gets Three Blowouts A Week Kate not only appreciates a bouncy blowout a few times a week, she also dabbles in eco-friendly beauty during her hair color
Nicole Kidman's Style Evolution In celebration of Kidman's 45th birthday on Wednesday, we're taking a look back at the fashion hits and misses over the years
Michelle Obama Favorite Isabel Toledo On Why Washington Needs More Optimism The somber state of affairs has even made an impression upon the designer of Obama's now-iconic inauguration dress and coat
Jeremy Scott For Adidas Not all of Jeremy Scott's Adidas shoes have made it to market; most recently, Adidas canceled the daring designer's \shackle
Marisa Miller Pregnant There's another woman joining the model-mommy club. Read more about Miller and Guess' good news at People.com. Which probably
Gwen Stefani Manages To Make Khaki Look Fancy (PHOTO) WHAT
Elle Macpherson's Tight Leather Leggings Are Kind Of Amazing (PHOTOS, POLL) Scope out Elle's pants below and tell us what you think! The 48-year-old supermodel and self-proclaimed \socialist\ might
Street Style Most of the women I shot on the streets of New York--from SoHo to the Upper East Side-- have chosen a bright color for either
This Is Luxury Why do people buy high performance cars or vintage wine?  Apparel is an investment that has a direct affect on you
British Duchess Recovers Lost Tiara After 6 Years Somehow notifying the police skipped the airport officials' minds. But thanks to her Nancy Drew leg work, the Duchess of
Ann Romney Dons Colored Jeans, Trendy Hairdo In Iowa (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Mrs. Obama recently said that
Sarah Jessica Parker Compared To Dog On CW's Eye Opener (VIDEO) The offensive dig occurred during a countdown segment on Eye Opener, the CW's morning show. The show's jokey hosts were discussing
Best Beautifying Buys for College Girls and Guys Whether looking to impress the hot guy or girl in English 101, trying to eliminate time/products in the shower, sticking to a budget or attempting to avoid awkward morning beauty blunders, try these picks and tricks.
RCA Presents Fresh Talent for London's Menswear Shows The future of men's fashion in London is looking extra bright with the debut of the menswear collections last week.
Royal Ascot Dress Code Gets Revamped, Banning Miniskirts & Fascinators (PHOTOS) Kate Middleton, the Duchess of Cambridge, is often pictured wearing a fascinator. Strapless or sheer strap dresses and tops
Get Rid Of Cellulite Not only does cellulite creep up slowly (allowing you to chow down on that extra piece of cake in a state of blissful ignorance
Busy Philipps Wears A, Yes, Busy Summer Dress WHAT
Beauty Street Style In our Beauty Street Style series, we find inspiring girls around New York City and get the secrets to their look. This week
Boning Up on Chin Implants While chin augmentation is not a comparatively invasive procedure, there are risks associated with any surgical procedure
Bows Aren't Just For Kids My five-year-old daughter loves bows. She wears them in her hair, on her clothes and of course, she wears them on her shoes
Red, White And Blue Our picks below fall in between these two extremes. Here, 14 tips on how to wear the nautical trend. No sailboat required
Flaunt Magazine Denim Issue Is Printed On Jeans, Literally (PHOTO) Sponsored by Guess as part of its 30th anniversary campaign, the issue is filled with denim fashion and jean-themed content
Adidas 'Shackle' Sneakers Cause Controversy Over Slavery Symbolism (PHOTO, POLL) The design of the JS Roundhouse Mid is nothing more than the designer Jeremy Scott\u2019s outrageous and unique take on fashion
David Gandy On Gisele, Kate & The Gender Inequalities In Modeling (PHOTOS) It's a fair point from a rarely-heard voice in the industry. How much does the presence of pretty-faced celebrities affect
Amanda Seyfried's Cle de Peau Cream Is The World's Most Expensive Moisturizer The premium version is believed to be the most expensive beauty cream in the world, which probably explains why Cle de Peau
John Mayer Pirate Costume Isn't So Different From His Normal Clothes (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Florence Huntington-Whiteley, Rosie's Little Sister, Is Also Stunning See some more families with the modeling gene! Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr
Mena Suvari's Risky Dress Appears To Stay On By Magic Mena's style isn't the only thing that's evolved. The divorc\u00e9e has gone through quite a few beauty evolutions too! As long
Joan Smalls Lands W Magazine Cover Take a look at Joan's Chanel campaign and some more gorgeous ads from Spring 2012. PHOTO
Penny Dennis, 1960s British Model, Wears Matching Floral Boots And Pants Art by Raydene Salinas Great Britain in the 1960s is an endless source of style inspiration. Mods! Minis! Hippies! For example
This Week In Beauty We spend lots of time focusing on what stars wear (and any wardrobe malfunctions they may have), but what about what they
Demi Lovato's Pink Ombre Hair The \X-Factor\ judge took her hair transformation a step further when she stepped out Saturday for the first round of her
Robert Pattinson Likes To Have 25 Gucci Suits At Any Given Moment Plus, this brings up a very important question
Joan Smalls Lands W Magazine Cover We still haven't stopped gushing about her ability to pull off jewel-encrusted eye makeup and animal print nails on Vogue
Mena Suvari's Risky Dress Appears To Stay On By Magic PHOTOS
Demi Lovato's Pink Ombre Hair The \X-Factor\ judge took her hair transformation a step further when she stepped out Saturday for the first round of her
Robert Pattinson Likes To Have 25 Gucci Suits At Any Given Moment Check out these celeb couples who take enough time to get ready to coordinate their outfits! In an interview with the UK
Father's Day Gift Guide 2012 Here are some things off the beaten path that have universal guy appeal... In short, the gifts Dads really want and why we love them...
Abercrombie & Fitch Faces Sex Scandal Lawsuit Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. On the heels of a scandal in their
Alexander McQueen Designer To Receive British Royal Honor Ms. Burton has been at the helm of Alexander McQueen since 2010, but she nabbed one of the biggest British fashion credits
Kate Middleton Wears Another Zara Dress, Attends Kid-Friendly Event Do you think her look was high-low perfection or not princess-y enough? Kate Middleton proves yet again that she's just like
Claudia Schiffer's Prim And Proper Chanel Look... And How To Get It Claudia Schiffer, who recently modeled for Guess' 30th anniversary campaign, has been one of Karl Lagerfeld's muses since
Fashionably Late Style Quiz So, you think you're a real fashionista, hmm? Well, then step right up and take HuffPost Style's Fashionably Late Style Quiz
Alexander McQueen Designer To Receive British Royal Honor Ms. Burton has been at the helm of Alexander McQueen since 2010, but she nabbed one of the biggest British fashion credits
The Man Repeller, Leandra Medine, Married In NYC (PHOTOS) The irony of the Man Repeller (whose blog celebrates the offbeat high fashion women love and men run from) snagging a man
Zoe Saldana's Matchy Look From Louis Vuitton Getty Images Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. WHERE
Elle Italia July 2012 Cover Features A Big Knife (PHOTO) See more knife and gun-themed covers... We often look to fashion magazines for survival tips
Courteney Cox's Style Evolution You may remember Courteney Cox from such '90's hits as \Friends\ and \Scream\ (1, 2, 3 and 4), and although she had a definite
Jennifer Aniston, Justin Theroux Match In Rome (PHOTO) We first caught on when they ran errands in jeans, black leather jackets, black hats, work boots and dark shades several
Fashion GIF Of The Week Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. This week, FashGif takes on this jacket from
Nina Simone's Many Silver Necklaces... And How To Get The Look BCBG Max Azria Black Boyfriend Blazer, Wide Leg Pants, ASOS ABBI Chelsea Ankle Boots, Cara Accessories Long Multistrand Necklace
Nicki Minaj, Katy Perry And 40 More Stars In Stripes (PHOTOS) The repeated pattern brings us back to the days of auto racing in the 1950s when they were a means of identification. And
Atlanta De Cadenet Makes Polka Dots Pop WHAT
Beauty Street Style In our Beauty Street Style series, we find inspiring girls around New York City and get the secrets to their look. This week
Shorts And Heels Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Celebrities are quite fond of the high
To Cut Cuticles Or Not? Dermatologists Tell Us How To Answer The Manicurist \Trimming the cuticles can break the seal that protects the surrounding skin from infection,\ says Dr. Schweiger.\u00a0\Not only
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any questions. Please note that
Forrest Gump's Running Hat Is Sold At Auction On 'Hollywood Treasure' (VIDEO) The treasure-hunting continues on \Hollywood Treasure,\ Tuesdays at 10 p.m. ET on Syfy. Joe Amendola met up with music producer
Study Finds That You CAN Judge A Woman By Her Shoes If you're considering changing up your shoe collection, here's a precautionary roundup of models in some uncomfortable footwear
Princess Mette-Marit Auctions Clothes Online... Just Like Kim Kardashian (PHOTOS) There's some royal spring cleaning going on in Norway's palaces
Katy Perry's 20s Outfit Has Us In 'Great Gatsby' Mode (PHOTOS) The singer looked Twenties-tastic at City of Hope's Music And Entertainment Industry Group Honors Bob Pittman event on Tuesday
Kate Middleton Repeats M Missoni At Another Diamond Jubilee Event (PHOTOS) Kate's obvious outfit repeat comes on the heels of her most epic repeat yet
Father's Day 2012 As you might remember, we put together a massive slideshow of our mothers' great looks from over the years for Mother's Day
Scottish Fashion Awards 2012 What do you think of the controversy? Check out photos of both models the night of the event in question (Ms. Nowy's comes
Jennifer Aniston Wows In A White Dress Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Shop a similar look below and check
Mary Killman And Mariya Koroleva, Olympics-Bound Swimmers, Use Unflavored Gelatine In Their Hair (VIDEO) When I use to chemically straighten my thick hair, I'd avoid taking a dip in the swimming pool at any cost just to maintain
Bangs Hairstyles The French singer-actress's long blunt bangs have served as an oft-mentioned beauty reference for decades now. Deschanel
A Conversation With Decorator Thom Filicia Thom Filicia talks about dirty jokes and dogs on life preservers and why you should always remember Coco Chanel's most important fashion rule.
Kate Middleton Repeats M Missoni At Another Diamond Jubilee Event (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Princess Mette-Marit Auctions Clothes Online... Just Like Kim Kardashian (PHOTOS) Most of the pieces have already been snapped up, including Prada pumps, a Miu Miu handbag and an Isabel Marant dress. But
Katy Perry's 20s Outfit Has Us In 'Great Gatsby' Mode (PHOTOS) Is Katy Perry auditioning for a walk-on role in \The Great Gatsby\? PHOTOS
'Overdressed' By Elizabeth Cline There are no trends anymore. According to Cline, gone are the days of discernible decades. While the '80s had hammer pants
Heavy Earrings While my morning routine has shorten and my earlobes aren't as saggy thanks to the simplicity of studs, I find myself giving into the temptation of heavy earrings collecting dust in my jewelry box. Besides, big baubles worn on a Saturday night every so often won't hurt.
Father's Day Gift Ideas From Bonobos (PHOTOS) Father's Day is a tough holiday to shop for. When we were little it was funny to give them a hideous tie or a mug that said
Kendra Wilkinson's Style Evolution Hugh Hefner's ex-girlfriend Kendra Wilkinson may not be known for her sense of style, but that doesn't mean that she doesn't
Anne Hathaway, Solange Knowles And More Toast Stella McCartney's Resort 2013 Collection Lucky for Stella McCartney aficionados, the designer decided to do something a bit more engaging to showcase her Resort 2013
Charlize Theron Shaves Head For 'Mad Max' Film Role (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Charlize Theron has been looking
Lady Gaga Vogue Cover In the meantime, check out Gaga's March 2011 Vogue cover below and see the singer's style develop over the years in our gallery
Adriana Lima's Style Evolution Best known for her cleavage-revealing mini-dresses, piercing blue eyes, shiny, dark hair and strutting her stuff in a $2
Working Women Who Inspire Us With Their Style (PHOTOS) Last week Republican senators shot down the Paycheck Fairness Act (thanks guys!), a move which would have required employers
I Just Can't Kick My Online Shopping Addiction (And I Don't Want To) Not long ago, prior to play dates and potty-training, I looked forward to some Me Time at the stores. The saleslady knew my first name and we often acted like long lost friends. On days when skinny jeans were not feeling so skinny, she had the perfect Prada ballet flats for me. This is the first part of my confession
As Seen On TV's Easy Feet Foot Scrubber Saved My Summer Feet (PHOTOS) Despite its less-than-glamorous packaging, this product was something I didn't know that I needed/could actually put to use
Fashion Trivia Quiz Do you know who dropped out of fashion design school? Or which famous fashion photographer snapped Mariah Carey's 1995 album
Bo Derek's Little Black Shirtdress... And How To Get The Look Art by Raydene Salinas Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. French Connection
Keira Knightley Hits 'Late Night With Jimmy Fallon' In Armor Dress (VIDEO, PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Michelle Obama, Mary J. Blige Wear Matching Ensembles (PHOTOS, POLL) With the weather finally warming up, now is as good a time as any to wear orange. Singer extraordinaire Mary J. Blige went
Michelle Obama, Mary J. Blige Wear Matching Ensembles (PHOTOS, POLL) With the weather finally warming up, now is as good a time as any to wear orange. Singer extraordinaire Mary J. Blige went
Rebellion, Love And Instagram My mom's attempts to fit me in her nice, little cardigans only exaggerated my already broad shoulders. Her love of mismatched silky florals with a leather skirt or boxy jacket looked freakish on a girl of my age and stature.
Kate Moss Wardrobe Malfunctions Involve Sheer Tops, Not Zipping Her Fly (NSFW PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. As the supermodel admits to Grazia
Jessica Simpson's Pregnancy Style Was Not For Everyone (PHOTOS) On the other end of the maternity style spectrum is Jessica Simpson, whose pregnancy had been on close watch for the past
Blake Lively To Marie Claire See Blake's style evolution
What The Stylelist Staff Bought This Weekend On the weekends, we Stylelist editors and Blogger Network members practice what we preach, which entails scouring flea markets
The Lines of My Life Elizabeth Taylor once said that every wrinkle tells a story.  Fine.  When I was young Taylor's words of wisdom seemed great, but not now.  Not to my generation who truly believed \all you need is love,\ not face cream.
Princess Charlene Looks Different (PHOTOS) Check out Charlene's before and after pics below and tell us if you have any ideas. We've adored Princess Charlene of Monaco
Favorite Shoes Unfortunately for us, we've never gotten to meet Kate Middleton and ask her our most burning questions. (How does she keep
Q10 With Joan Burstein This week we are very lucky to have the one and only Joan Burstein as our Q10 guest. Sometimes known as the fairy godmother of fashion, Joan is both the founder and current owner of Browns.
Michelle Obama Bag Below, see her bag-toting appearance from last week and more rare \bag lady\ moments. Royals also tend to carry bags and
Tom Cruise's Makeup For 'Rock Of Ages' Frightened 6-Year-Old Suri Cruise (PHOTOS) In Cruise's new flick \Rock of Ages,\ an adaptation of the \Rock of Ages\ musical, the actor plays Stacee Jaxx, an inked
Jennifer Aniston Drop Crotch Jeans Are A Blast From The Past (PHOTO) See more questionable celebrity denim
Tory Burch For InStyle Tory Burch has been tapped by InStyle to write their \Ask a designer\ column, Women's Wear Daily reports. Burch will be taking
H&M, Maison Martin Margiela Collaboration In The Works? (UPDATE) UPDATE
Jessica Chastain Tony Awards 2012 Dress Is Sheer, Sheer, Sheer (PHOTOS, POLL) See more of Jessica's red carpet looks! We're kind of in love. But scope out Chastain's bold frock below and tell us
Photoshop Fail Makes Bike Magically Vanish On Neiman Marcus' Website (PHOTOS) 1. Leave it unattended and unlocked outside for about, oh, 2.5 seconds. First of all, the model's right hand seems to be
Jessica Chastain Tony Awards 2012 Dress Is Sheer, Sheer, Sheer (PHOTOS, POLL) See more of Jessica's red carpet looks! But as if to silence all her critics with one daring gown, Chastain turned heads
H&M, Maison Martin Margiela Collaboration In The Works? The collection was filled with creatively constructed black coats, dark skirts, polka dot blouses and loose black pants. As
America's Best Dance Crew Backstage Gifting Experience Last week as the cast and contestants of MTV's Randy Jackson Presents
Anna Getaneh, 'Sports Illustrated' Model, Covers Up In A Cable-Knit Sweater Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. J. Crew Linen V-Neck Cable-Knit Sweater
Kate Middleton Repeats Old Favorites At Royal Cousins' Wedding (PHOTOS) For the family affair, Kate chose a rather traditional, covered-up look. She revisited her lavender Jenny Packham dress, last
Lea Michele Backless Dress Impresses At Chrysalis Butterfly Ball (PHOTOS) See more celebs in backless dresses
Lea Michele Backless Dress Impresses At Chrysalis Butterfly Ball (PHOTOS) Lea Michele doesn't mind stealing the spotlight, whether it be with a sexy outfit, some intense PDA or a racy photo shoot
Kate Middleton Repeats Old Favorites At Royal Cousins' Wedding (PHOTOS) Don't let those spiffy new Alexander McQueen dresses fool you
Penn Badgley Facial Hair Is Identity-Concealing (PHOTOS, POLL) Documenting the ups and downs of Penn Badgley's facial hair is one of our pastimes, and the \Gossip Girl\ gave us something
'Third Ear' Earrings From Etsy Will Make You Do A Double-Take (PHOTOS) Check out the whimsical jewelry below. Would you wear \Little Third Ear\ earrings? PHOTOS
Cindy Crawford Looks Smolderingly Sexy On 'S Moda' Cover (PHOTOS) In a sheer white Alexander Wang dress, Crawford wears a dark red lip and smoky cat eyes for the cover shoot, photographed
Cindy Crawford Looks Smolderingly Sexy On 'S Moda' Cover (PHOTOS) The 46-year-old supermodel and mom stunned us recently in a tight leather dress, and now she continues her sexy streak by
Claudia Cardinale, Italian Actress, Dressed Like A Real-Life Megan Draper Getty Images Shop the look and check out more from our A Look Back archives
Hanneli Mustaparta Makes Monochromatic Look Easy WHERE
Catherine Zeta-Jones, Julianne Hough Wear Questionable Dresses At 'Rock Of Ages' Premiere (PHOTOS) And on the other side of the red carpet, her 23-year-old co-star Julianne Hough made a foray into chartreuse (one of our
This Summer's Beauty Juice Young and less young, summer is the time to show off that beach bod that you've been working on all winter, assuming you have been, while finally letting your hair down. But beauty tips change with the seasons, especially during this time of year.
Operation Fit & Fabulous It turns out that instead of popping and hopping, I should have been rowing instead.  Yes, you heard me -- rowing... Or didn't you hear, rowing is the New Black.
The Life Electric 
Kelly Cutrone We're pretty sure Janice will have something to say about this. Click over to Fashionista to read more. Janice Dickinson
Elizabeth Hurley's Style Evolution Flip through our many other Style Evolutions. Hollywood loves seeing a gorgeous girl on the arm of a dapper man, and this
There Are Two Types of Fashion Designers The exhibit was not packed as the public knows a good show. God bless him, sadly, Alexander McQueen is a hard act to follow.
Jada Pinkett Smith Wears A Sexy Red Onesie Jada Pinkett Smith has dropped back onto the radar lately with a host of daring outfits in tow. At Cannes, she took the plunge
Kelly Cutrone Check out some of the controversial model's style evolution. \She's an erratic, unpredictable bitch. Last time I saw her
Short Shorts Debate Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Let me just say I love wearing shorts
Fashion GIF Of The Week For previous Fashion Gifs, take a peek in our gallery below
After Tanning SOS We live for summer weekends outside the city. Whether we head upstate to the country or out to the beach, nothing beats a
Wedding Gifts That Are So Cool, You'll Never Find Them On A Registry (PHOTOS) Weddings are a fabulous time for the bride and groom (planning headaches aside). But for the guests? Well, that's debatable
Sunless Tanning Tips I remember reading an article before carefully embarking on my first self-tanning adventure. I bought a fancy formula (to
The Bottomless Closet of Juanita MORE! I'll admit it, I am a whore for new clothes and have cornered myself into suggesting to my public that I only wear a garment once. But, truth in the end, can be relative.
Beauty Street Style In our series FaceTime, we find inspiring girls around New York City and get the secrets to their look. This week we met
Kim Kardashian Wardrobe Malfunction PHOTOS
Skyler Berman, Rachel Zoe's Son, Sports Trendy Baby Fedora, Oxfords (PHOTOS) We've got to admit
CMT Awards 2012 See all the country stars you know and love (and plenty you don't know at all) in our red carpet roundup. Which means, of
Best/Worst Brands of the Week \u201cHe\u2019s 964 feet away, how far away is that Alona? I mean how many miles?\u201d asked K. \u201cI think it\u2019s less than a quarter mile
5 of the Hottest Fashion Trends and How to Get Them for Less Splashes of neon. Sorbet palettes. Tribal flourishes. A peplum flair. Recent fashion trends are all about vivid color and vibrant style, but that doesn't mean you need to spend a fortune to get the look.
To Bare or Not to Bare Legs Kick up your heels! It's that time of year once again, and fashion decisions must be made
Jenne Lombardo Goes Minimal With A White Dress And Edgy Jewels WHERE
Gisele And Kristen Bell Show Us How To Get Mistaken For Pregnant (PHOTOS) Recently Gisele showed up in a loose t-shirt and the internet was abuzz, wondering if she is expecting another baby. (Sources
A Conversation With Designer and CFDA Lifetime Achievement Awardee Tommy Hilfiger Fresh from the Council of Fashion Designers of America (CFDA) Awards where he received the Geoffrey Beene Lifetime Achievement award, the iconic Tommy Hilfiger talks about classic style, rock and roll, and giving back.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) No time to page through thousands of eBay listings? Then just sneak a peek at my weekly eBay roundup of top vintage clothing
Miley Cyrus Looks Like A Summery Biker Chick (PHOTO) Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Fame WHAT
Kelly Clarkson Blonde Hair See Kelly Clarkson's style evolution! All together now
Chanel's 'Little Black Jacket' Exhibit Features Kanye, Georgia May & More In Every Girl's Must-Have Item (PHOTOS) While most celebrities would rather die than appear next to another star wearing the same jacket, Sarah Jessica Parker, Kanye
Shalom Harlow Flashes Boobs To Stranger For Oyster Magazine Shoot (PHOTOS) CLARIFICATION
Anna Kournikova's Style Evolution Anna Kournikova is officially retired from tennis but let's be honest
Peggy Lipton Looks Exactly Like Daughter Rashida Jones Here (PHOTO) Getty Images Lacoste Short Sleeve T-Shirt, A.P.C. Jarvis Jeans in Dark Navy, Lori's Shoes Thick Polished Hoop Earrings, CND
Q10 With Jeff Klein In today's technology-driven world the allure of the historic seems to be increasingly rare. Breaking the mold, hotelier and founder of JK Hotel Group Jeff Klein revitalized the past with his new Sunset Tower Hotel.
Sunglasses That Are Cheap And Cheerful Sunglasses are no longer just a summertime must-have. According to my eye doctor, we need to wear them year-round to protect
Miley Cyrus Engagement Ring Check out photos of Miley throughout the years below
Lipstick Study Shows Women Prefer Shades Named After Food & Sex So do you think there's more to a lipstick name than meets the eye? Tell us what draws you to your favorite shades in the
Perfect Rooftop Attire From De Lune Courtesy Photo It was insanely balmy out, like a cook-an-egg-on-the-sidewalk situation. I've been doing this
Three Questions for 'Jewel' Handbag Designers Bita & Rouzita of 'ita collection' Iran-born creatives Bita and Rouzita Vahhabaghai's new line of shimmery 'Jewel' handbags depict a unique fusion of metals, leather and patterns often used in architecture and graphic designs.
Swimwear Can Be Sexy Without Being Skimpy Modest swimwear is no longer just for those shopping in the maternity section. We can thank designers like Miuccia Prada
Rihanna, Beyonc\u00e9, Jessica Alba And 27 More Stars Who Love Colored Pants (PHOTOS) We recently spotted Cameron Diaz shopping with her bestie, newlywed Drew Barrymore. It would have been impossible to miss
Emma Stone Stuns On 'Tonight Show' In Red Leather Dress (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Are you a fan of Emma's bold dress or is the fit (or fire-engine color) bothering you? See photos and video below. PHOTOS
Drew Barrymore Wedding Dress We've been dying to see what Drew would wear to get married ever since the wedding details leaked, and we were especially
Karl Lagerfeld's Cat Plays With iPads, Has Two Maids We already know that Karl Lagerfeld doesn't always play nice in the press. He candidly comments on the attractiveness of
Miley Cyrus, Liam Hemsworth Engaged To see the ring, you can wait for People to hit newsstands this week. But take a look below at Miley's evolving style from
Miss New Zealand Avianca Bohm May Be Forced To Resign Avianca Bohm, who won the Miss New Zealand crown this past Saturday, was born in South Africa, a fact the pageant organizers
Andrej Pejic Rocks Drag For Candy Magazine Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Aside from the clothes, the hair
Cameo Jewelry Cameo jewelry usually brings to mind stuffy Victorian women whose frilly blouses were buttoned all the way up and whose modest
Wedding Dresses For Your Body Type A year ago we watched the wedding of the decade when Kate Middleton married Prince William in a custom Alexander McQueen
Home Pedicure What's the trick to successfully and safely trimming toenails? The key is to cut straight across and on dry nails -- wet
Does Chocolate Cause Acne? A Top Dermatologist Gives Us The Real Answer And for more of the best in beauty, fashion and style, be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest
I Went Five Weeks Without Shampooing...And My Hair Has Never Been Healthier (PHOTOS) When I say we had limited access to showers, I mean we had showers in our apartment, but they were less than desirable to
Michelle Obama Wears Preen Dress Twice, Still Not Like The Rest Of Us (PHOTOS) It's not very often that we deem any dress our favorite, let alone a FLOTUS ensemble (you can imagine how easy it is to become
Kim Kardashian & Hillary Clinton Let Their Hair Down (PHOTOS, POLL) After we bemoaned Kim's high-wattage, highly manicured aesthetic, the reality star has finally heeded one of our recommendations
CFDA Awards 2012 Renn also revealed her hidden talents for martial arts -- and apparently she's a whiz at the nunchucks. No, really. WINNER
Kristen Stewart To Vanity Fair Kristen Stewart has blossomed into a fashion star, with plenty of red carpet hits, a fragrance contract with Balenciaga and
Breast Implants & Lifts Give You A Better Sex Life, Poll Finds (INFOGRAPHIC) It may be impossible to prove that the surgeries themselves were responsible for women's increased sexual pleasure, but we
Seth Meyers In Marc Jacobs' Lace Dress At The CFDA Awards \My nipples have never been so freezing,\ the host joked to the glamorous crowd at Lincoln Center. When showing a picture
Kelly Clarkson \I do cardio. I run. I strength-train using my own body weight. I don\u2019t like free weights, because I build muscle easily
Sheena Monnin, Miss Pennsylvania USA 2012, Resigns After Alleged Pageant Fraud (UPDATED) Sheena Monnin, who was crowned Miss Pennsylvania USA 2012 in December 2011, announced that she is resigning from her position
Shalom Harlow Flashes Boobs To Stranger For Oyster Magazine Shoot (PHOTOS) The leggy model shot to fame co-hosting MTV's \House of Style\ with Amber Valetta and posing for scores of magazine editorials
Princess Eugenie Rocks DIY Union Jack Nails At Guildhall Diamond Jubilee Celebration (PHOTOS) Man, these Brits like to party. The never-ending string of Diamond Jubilee events came to a climactic close with a blowout
Princess Eugenie Rocks DIY Union Jack Nails At Guildhall Diamond Jubilee Celebration (PHOTOS) Some of the more enthusiastic crowd members lining the street during the carriage procession wore the national colors and
Seth Meyers In Marc Jacobs' Lace Dress At The CFDA Awards Marc Jacobs' sheer lace dress from the 2012 Met Gala was shocking the first time. But the Commes des Garcons frock, which
CFDA Awards 2012 But that doesn't mean Minkoff would lose the talent portion, with a secret weapon in her arsenal. \Best comedic dance routine
Breast Implants & Lifts Give You A Better Sex Life, Poll Finds (INFOGRAPHIC) Can breast enhancement surgery give you a better orgasm? Celebrities talk about regretting their plastic surgeries
Diamond Jubilee Carriage Ride Despite the rain, the Queen braved the weather with Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, so that Brits lining
Kristen Stewart To Vanity Fair Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. But she's still a jeans-and-sneakers
Style Tips From Stars From Assignment Fashion Courtesy Photo Returning to the \Canada Sings\ panel of judges for the second season is Rob Van Winkle
Sporty Chic Leather From Beckerman Bite Plate Courtesy Photo Jumper- Black leather 3.1 Pillip Lim Leather jumper from Yoox.com Sunglasses- Tortoise
DIY Nail Art Meanwhile, find out how to stop biting your nails without exercising crazy willpower. Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist
Nancy Sinatra's Flirty '60s Style...And How To Get It (PHOTOS) Nancy Sinatra had some big shoes to fill. Fortunately for the daughter of iconic crooner Frank Sinatra, her smash hit single
Beauty Street Style In our Beauty Street Style series, we find inspiring girls around New York City and get the secrets to their look. This week
Ask Michael Cohen You should be happy your penis is doing double duty. Most men complain that their sex life is lackluster at best, something I can assure you breeds infidelity.
MTV Movie Awards 2012 \I want my MTV\ was an anthem for teens in the '80s, and while the music network is now more \Jersey Shore\ than \Julie Brown
Kate Middleton vs. Kim Kardashian But Grazia remembered that lo and behold, reality royal Kim Kardashian had also worn the McQueen frock, albeit a no-sleeved
DIY Nail Ideas It's Manicure Monday time! This weekend, the Stylelist editors and Blogger Network members painted on summer nail polish
The 2012 MTV Movie Awards Swag Suites The MTV Movie Awards were held this past weekend and this year a record number of gifting suites tied to the event were held, gifting everything from the latest in skincare, fashions, accessories, toys, pet products and more.
Diamond Jubilee Concert Features, Like, Every British Singer Ever (PHOTOS) Because truth be told, we're more psyched about the famous faces in the audience rather than onstage. Prime Minister David
Sarah Ferguson Banned From Royal Jubilee? It's no secret that royal events are exclusive, and the Diamond Jubilee is no exception. After being left off the guest list
Hilary Rhoda Shows Her Love For Karl Lagerfeld Getty Images Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Shop a similar look below
Adele Wore '3 Or 4 Pairs Of Spanx' At The 2012 Grammys (VIDEO, PHOTOS) \It,\ of course, is the stunning custom Giorgio Armani gown that landed Adele on everyone's \Best Dressed\ lists that night
Kim Kardashian Wardrobe Malfunction Times Two! (PHOTOS) Then on Sunday, Kim hawked the new Kardashian Khaos store in a sexy black dress in Las Vegas on Sunday afternoon, but the
Incredible Closet Exposed From De Lune Courtesy Photo My room is somewhat of a mish-mash of stuff, but it was beyond fun to be able to give a little
Gisele Pregnant Again? Model Showcases Possible Baby Bump (PHOTOS) Is she or isn't she? If you needed further speculative evidence of Gisele Bundchen's alleged pregnancy, we offer Exhibit
Fun Cut Out Frocks From Why Did You Wear That? Courtesy Photo Another trend for summer that will most likely carry into fall is that of the
Wearing Kids Clothes Everyone has a defining feature. Mine is a lack of height. Tall women always seemed to me to have far more issues than I did, except when it came to clothes.
PARIS FOR MEN This modern and hedonistic address book for men in Paris is full of tips, illustrations and photographs to entice any man to make the most of his time in the 'city of light'.
Gisele Pregnant Again? Model Showcases Possible Baby Bump (PHOTOS) Is she or isn't she? If you needed further speculative evidence of Gisele Bundchen's alleged pregnancy, we offer Exhibit
Shopping with a Conscience Through a quick Google search, I discovered that it's actually a concept store owned by Nordstrom, which although a public
Sophie Theallet & The Limited Partner Up But the brand will get an injection of luxury from Sophie Theallet, who toiled under Jean Paul Gaultier and Azzedine Alaia
Jennifer Aniston MTV Movie Awards 2012 Outfit Is Very, Er, Fitting (PHOTOS) \Dirtbag\ is not a word we often aim at Jennifer Aniston, she of the sweet \Rachel\ haircut and propensity for crying. Check
Shailene Woodley MTV Movie Awards 2012 Outfit But something else, er, threatened to break through, as Woodley's plunging Stella McCartney double-breasted jumpsuit surrendered
Jennifer Aniston MTV Movie Awards 2012 Outfit Is Very, Er, Fitting (PHOTOS) Check out Jen's \dirtbag\ fashion statement from the 2012 MTV Movie Awards. Are you a fan of the 43-year-old star in this
MTV Movie Awards 2012 Kristen Stewart went for her usual fun take on glam in a GUiSHEM mini and pumps (which she ditched for her signature Converse
MTV Movie Awards 2012 The MTV Movie Awards always provide the chance for stars to ditch their stuffy Oscars gowns and Golden Globes hoity-toitiness
Shari Belafonte's Casual Summer Separates... And How To Get The Look As the daughter of actor/singer Harry Belafonte, Shari naturally found her way to the spotlight. After landing contracts
This Week In Beauty We spend each week scouring the red carpets for the best (and worst) in beauty, from gorgeous coral lips to oddly lopsided
Best Drugstore Makeup From Top L.A. Bloggers From Refinery29
Diamond Jubilee Boat Ride Brings Royal Family Up The Thames In Barge (PHOTOS) No one throws a party in the rain like the Brits. CORRECTION
Joe Biden's Daughter, Ashley Biden, Marries Howard David Krein In Delaware (PHOTO) Although we got word in advance that the ceremony was being kept a secret (the 200 guests were asked not to take photos and
Karl Lagerfeld Live Diamond Jubilee Coverage Includes Praise Of Kate Midleton's Butt We're always down for a good Karl bon mot, so we perused the designer's tres chic feed and found this gold nugget
Vogue Health Initiative Covers Launch For June 2012 (PHOTOS) So how did the mags do? Do you think these 19 Vogue covers promote healthy body image? Check 'em out and vote on your favorites
Zoe Saldana's '70s On-Set Style Shop a similar look below and check out more of our Look Of The Day picks. WHAT
Diamond Jubilee Boat Ride Brings Royal Family Up The Thames In Barge (PHOTOS) In honor of Queen Elizabeth II's Diamond Jubilee, over a thousand boats took to the Thames River on Sunday. Fighting teeming
Vogue Health Initiative Covers Launch For June 2012 (PHOTOS) The main objective of the Health Initiative, however, isn't to inspire readers to exercise and work on their obliques. In
Karl Lagerfeld Live Diamond Jubilee Coverage Includes Praise Of Kate Midleton's Butt We got sucked into the BBC's livestream of the event (if you missed it, check out our recap coverage here). But luckily Karl
Fashion At The Met From Guilty and Glamorous Courtesy Photo It's that time of year again. The Met Ball marked the opening presentation for the
Fashion At The Met From Guilty and Glamorous Courtesy Photo It's that time of year again. The Met Ball marked the opening presentation for the
Seeing Stars And Stripes From Why Did You Wear That Courtesy Photo I know I may complain a bit (who me?) and threaten to run off to the south of France
Shocking Summer Chartreuse From Advanced Style Courtesy Photo I hope everyone had a wonderful weekend. Thanks for all of your support sharing and donating
Kim Basinger's 'Good Girl Gone Bad' Look...And How To Get It Art by Raydene Salinas Time & Life Pictures/Getty Images Kim Basinger, who played Elizabeth in the super sexy \9 1/2 Weeks
From Dewy Skin To Beachy Waves From People StyleWatch
What To Wear To Work In The Summer From FabSugar
Fashionably Late Style Quiz So, you think you're a real fashionista, hmm? Well, then step right up and take HuffPost Style's Fashionably Late Style Quiz
Jessica Alba Tries A Sexy Cutout Dress In Beijing (PHOTOS, POLL) And this weekend, Alba, 31, turned up in Asia in a seriously sexy outfit. With Nicolas Cage and Naomi Watts in tow, she feted
Diamond Jubilee Kicks Off At Epsom Derby With Queen Elizabeth In Royal Blue (PHOTOS) See some pics of the day below! Diamond Jubilee celebrations finally began on Saturday. (If you're thinking, \wait... hasn't
Jenna Dewan's Sweet Summer Romper WHERE
How To Ride A Bicycle In Style This Summer (PHOTOS) While summer bicycle riding may have once been a skinned knee-laced childhood memory or a way to get some exercise in the
Fashion GIF Of The Week Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. This week, FashGif takes on these two floral
Sarah Jessica Parker's '80s Style...And How To Get It (PHOTOS) Shop the look and check out more fashion nostalgia photos. Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook
Overplucked Eyebrows The '90s were a wild time when it came to eyebrows. While the '80s brought us bushy, unruly-but-gorgeous brows a la Brooke
I Wish My Sons Would Wear Designer Clothes (PHOTOS) I was happy to discover that my favorite designers, styles and stores sold kids clothes. If I couldn't entertain my own fashion fantasies, I could certainly begin thinking about what I would put on my child! Soon enough I realized that the size of my bump was directly correlated to the amount of designer clothes my baby had to have. The less I could buy for myself, the more I invested in my child's wardrobe.
Charlize Theron's Style Evolution From South African Model To 'Snow White & The Huntsman' Star (PHOTOS) Award-winning roles in \Monster,\ \North Country\ and \Young Adult\ have brought Charlize Theron to red carpets around the
Face Wipes For Your Skin Type \u2022 Wash with a gentle cleanser and water when possible because it is a more thorough cleanse. Use the cleansing cloths on
Angela And Amber Cope, Twin NASCAR Drivers, On Being Blonde, Sweating Off Spray Tans & Loving The Kardashians Instead of earning contracts with \oil or gasoline companies,\ the Cope sisters have landed spreads in Maxim magazine and
Summer Hairstyles Ahh, summer. While we love that it's beach season, we don't love what the high temps and even higher humidity does to our
Lacey Flea Market Attire Randolph Street Market in Chicago might be one of my favorite flea markets. I walked away with so many great finds (will
Anna Wintour Obama Video Invites You To Dine With Her, Sarah Jessica Parker & FLOTUS (VIDEO) The good news? There are invites up for grabs for two lucky contest winners. The bad news? Anna Wintour is making the whole
Graceful Dancer's Vintage Closet I learned from Megan that in the world of ballet, the prinicpal roles are reserved for the veterans, while the new dancers
Madonna Cone Bra Makes A Comeback At Tel Aviv Concert (PHOTOS) Check out the 53-year-old (!) pop icon launching her MDNA tour... and a throwback pic of her Blonde Ambition days. Some things
Graceful Dancer's Vintage Closet I learned from Megan that in the world of ballet, the prinicpal roles are reserved for the veterans, while the new dancers
Summer Polka Dot Fun I've had a long time love for black and white polka dots. \u00a0The other day I spotted the cute cut out sundress (No. 4, above
Madonna Cone Bra Makes A Comeback At Tel Aviv Concert (PHOTOS) Madonna wore the \cage\ bra over a white button-down shirt, a black necktie and black pinstriped pants -- a more grown-up
Jennifer Lopez, Charlize Theron And 10 More Best-Dressed Stars This Week (PHOTOS) We were temporarily blinded by all the glitz and glamour at the Cannes Film Festival, but now that we've had a few days to
Keira Knightley Keeps It Chic For Date Night Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Getty Images WHERE
Epsom Derby Ladies' Day Brings Out The Wild Hats (PHOTOS) The actual festivities, which mark the monach's sixtieth year on the throne, will take place on June 3-5. But the entire
'Toddlers & Tiaras' High Heels On Emma Prove Controversial (VIDEOS, POLL) Many viewers thought not, expressing concerns that echoed previous critiques over another famous toddler in heels
Donatella Versace \I was wearing a ring given to me by my brother and she said 'oh, it's so beautiful, can I try it on?'. Of course I said
Andy Samberg & Erin Heatherton In 'Grown Ups 2' So we feel obligated to ask
Banana Republic Trina Turk Collection Teams With ASPCA Dogs (VIDEO) At least that was Banana Republic's line of thinking when it teamed up with The American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
'Toddlers & Tiaras' High Heels On Emma Prove Controversial (VIDEOS, POLL) Cue the outrage. We've seen the sexed-up-toddler thing before, most notably when one \Toddler & Tiaras\ mom outfitted her
'Revenge Wears Prada' Revenge Wears Prada picks up eight years after Andy parted ways with Miranda on bad terms. Andy is now editing The Plunge
Cassandra Bankson Bravely Bares Her Acne For the Camera Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. This video cast Bankson in a particularly
Photoshop Fails May 2012 We've seen some great magazine covers and fashion ads in the month of May, but we've also seen some great covers and ads
Denim Shorts Whether they're distressed, high-waisted, low-rise, embellished, baggy or tight, everyone wears jean shorts . In fact, if
In Such a Tragic Moment It's Hard to Talk About Anything It really seems that our country is being affected by all kinds of tragedies. And for this reason I really cannot see why we should spend the public money right now.
Banana Republic Trina Turk Collection Teams With ASPCA Dogs (VIDEO) At least that was Banana Republic's line of thinking when it teamed up with The American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
Andy Samberg & Erin Heatherton In 'Grown Ups 2' So we feel obligated to ask
Donatella Versace Clad in a studded leather dress, Versace, 57, gushed that she loves the very fashionable musical duo the Kills (a girl after
Seersucker Styles For The Mint Julep Set And More (PHOTOS) No matter where you live or where you're from, the style is back. We are seeing the fabric pop up on everything from bikinis
Michael Jackson, Salt-N-Pepa, Beyonc\u00e9 And 57 Other Black Music Style Icons (PHOTOS) As I grew older, I looked to artists like Michael Jackson, Queen Latifah and Brandy on how to dress. I'm pretty sure I'm
Heidi Klum's Style Evolution In celebration of Heidi's 39th birthday on June 1st, we're taking a look back at the supermodel's stem-baring style over
Beauty Street Style In our series FaceTime, we find inspiring girls around New York City and get the secrets to their look. This week we met
Work Dress Code So, it's not without irony that I work as a fashion editor and come to work dressed in everything from a caftan to cutoff denim shorts. That said, even at a creative company where jeans are the norm, there is still quite a bit of ambiguity on what is acceptable in the workplace.
The Fashion Whip Udall and Rep. Ed Royce (R), who represents the scantily clad, but very chic, Orange County, Calif. (while, no doubt wisely
Ali Larter Shows Her Stripes Fame Shop a similar look below and check out more of our Look Of The Day picks. WHO
Lucille Ball's '50s Ladylike Style...And How To Get It (PHOTOS) Getty Images If you want to add a touch of '50s glamour to your daily look, take a cue from Eva Mendes' stunning retro-inspired
Megan Fox Everyone chill out
The Makeup Show NYC The Makeup Show New York 2012 presented by the Powder Group was like a real life \Alice In Wonderland\ adventure for me. The experience bought me back to a simpler day when it was just about the love and passion for make-up.
Brooke Shields' Style Evolution Flip through our many other Style Evolutions. Brooke Shields was certainly a pretty baby. At just 11 months, her business
Boyfriend Jeans For A Comfortable Travel From Trop Rouge I leave for Biarritz tomorrow...I can't believe it. This week has gone by way too quickly. I attempted to
Luisana Lopilato, Michael Bubl\u00e9's Wife, Is Quite The Attractive Lingerie Model (PHOTOS) Bubl\u00e9 and Lopilato wed in March 2011, but we're just getting acquainted with Lopilato now through her latest project
The Latest Dove Hair Brand Ambassador From Ramshackle Glam So I have some news that I've been waiting to share with you for awhile now, but no longer! I am over
Jessica Simpson People Cover Photoshopped? 5 Retouching Quirks We Spot (PHOTOS, POLL) Her fingers. They look a little elongated, no? Check out the wrist on her right hand vis a vis the fingers. See more Photoshop
Mary-Kate Olsen & Olivier Sarkozy May Be Dating Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest and Instagram at @HuffPostStyle. If
Kate Winslet To Vanity Fair Italia Another Kate Winslet classic
Nike Air Yeezy II Sneakers Were Tailored To Kanye West's Feet (PHOTOS) Because God forbid a week goes by without Kanye making headlines, we are delighted to bring you the rapper's newest project
Achieve the Effortlessly Chic Look -- Redhead Style! The 'effortlessly chic look' is the 'look of all looks,' especially if you live in a bustling city and always on the go. It's opting for basic tees and comfortable flats. It's adding a pop of color with a simple scarf or a set of bangles.
America Is Getting a Little Erotica Just in Time for the Summer Holidays My life in Paris since the sixties has caused a great rift with my conservative upbringing in Washington D.C. My French side generally dominates.
Attention Women I don't care what jewelry you have on, what bra and panty-set you're wearing and how good your mascara looks... good jeans take the cake every time.
Q10 With Sadie Frost \My kids inspire me to be the person I am today -- without them I wouldn't be who I am today.\
Cute Short Hairstyles A chic bob is basically the perfect summer hairstyle. Think about it
Katie Couric Prince William Interview \u201cI\u2019m just very keen to have a family and both Catherine and I, you know, are looking forward to having a family in the future
Luisana Lopilato, Michael Bubl\u00e9's Wife, Is Quite The Attractive Lingerie Model (PHOTOS) Bubl\u00e9 and Lopilato wed in March 2011, but we're just getting acquainted with Lopilato now through her latest project
Kate Winslet To Vanity Fair Italia PHOTO
Face Oil Is A Good Thing The idea of slathering your face in oil can be a daunting one, if you're not yet familiar with the non-breakout-causing, skin
Anti-Aging Yoga Poses Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Meanwhile, find out if you're following
Perfect Navajo Accessories From Beckerman Bite Plate I finally got my dream Proenza bag! This bag came out for Fall 2011 and I couldn't get my hands
Demi Lovato Flaunts Her Curves On The Cover Of Cosmopolitan (PHOTO) PHOTO
Jessica Simpson People Cover Photoshopped? 5 Retouching Quirks We Spot (PHOTOS, POLL) The space between her thumb and forefinger. It looks a little too penciled in and artificially defined. Her left shoulder
Mary-Kate Olsen & Olivier Sarkozy May Be Dating If it is true, mazel tov to the happy couple. Now we've just got to snag Ashley an older boyfriend -- perhaps David Cameron's
Nike Air Yeezy II Sneakers Were Tailored To Kanye West's Feet (PHOTOS) In short, they are very \Kanye\ sneakers. Which isn't to say we're not fans
Olivia Palermo's Easy-Breezy Summer Ensemble WHO
How To Wear Bold Lipsticks--With Any Skin Color (PHOTOS) In anticipation of warm months and bright lips ahead, we enlisted NARS Director of Global Artistry James Boehmer and MAC
What The Stylelist Staff Bought This Weekend On the weekends, we Stylelist editors and Blogger Network members practice what we preach, which entails scouring flea markets
DIY Nail Art Photos
Hummingbird Beats Karen Pagtama is a reality TV story producer by day and a miniature sweets jewelry maker by night (If you are ever in need of cufflinks that look like macarons, you now know where to go).
Bar Refaeli We get a kick out of models declaring their celebrity crushes (like, have they not noticed they're the hottest thing around
A Conversation With Decorator and Author Charlotte Moss Charlotte Moss is one of the grande dames of the decorating world
Selena Gomez Face Dress Has Us Thinking 'Mean Girls' (PHOTO, VIDEO) We like to joke that Anna Wintour's the Regina George of Fashion (can't you just hear her uttering, \You can't sit with us
90\u2032s Style Flashback From My Style Pill This look is most definitely a mix of my 8th-grade-self and a bit of Claire Danes circa My So Called Life
David Beckham 'Elle UK' Cover Is Appropriately Swoonworthy (PHOTOS) See some of Becks' sillier looks below! Try as we might to get back into the swing of things after our holiday weekend, we're
Lindsay Lohan Tanning Lawsuit Which is a whole lot less than $40K. Ironically, Tanning Vegas is run by Lorit Simon, who is also the co-founder of Lohan's
Wynonna Judd's Style Evolution As Wynonna celebrates her 48th birthday on May 30th, we're taking a look back at her outrageous style over the years. Vote
How To Pack Your Bag For Every Beach Occasion This Summer With Memorial Day now behind us, beach season is in full swing. That may mean a flurry of invites for events staged in the
Kate Middleton Repeats Pink Dress At Buckingham Palace Garden Party (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Just yesterday, Michelle Obama
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) No time to page through thousands of eBay listings? Then just sneak a peek at my weekly eBay roundup of top vintage clothing finds.
Francesca Eastwood's Birkin Burning By Tyler Shields Is Highly Unpopular Move (PHOTOS, VIDEOS) UPDATE
Looking Up Your Online Date [Infographic] So here we are with online dating being a part of most single's lives. Everyone seems to know someone who has met their significant other or spouse online.
Another Myth to Debunk Scandals are more media-friendly, while good deeds are usually not flaunted around. It's a good and admirable attitude. Yet mentioning good deeds once in a while may help understand that the fashion world is not just frivolous.
Malin Akerman's Updated Little Black Dress WHERE
Michelle Obama's Tracy Feith Dress Just Might Be Her Favorite (PHOTOS, POLL) The Feith frock made its debut just as Michelle Obama made her debut as first lady. On her first full day as the new First
Grandma Rocked Bikinis Last week, we took a look back at some of our favorite swimsuit style icons, like Raquel Welch, Marilyn Monroe and Christie
Nicole Scherzinger Almost Has A Wardrobe Malfunction At Monaco Grand Prix (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Kate Bosworth Goes Sleek In Calvin Klein Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. WHERE
Nicole Scherzinger Almost Has A Wardrobe Malfunction At Monaco Grand Prix (PHOTOS) Princess Charlene wasn't the only one taking fashion risks on the Mediterranean this weekend. PHOTOS
This Week In Beauty This is the film fest that never ends.... Yes, Cannes is still happening, folks. While the red carpeted step-and-repeat has
C.Z. Guest Wears White On White... And How To Get The Look (PHOTO) Time & Life Pictures/Getty Images BCBG Jacquard Dress, Nine West Ballet Flats, Zara Blazer, Dana Buchman Pearl & Crystal
Carrie Fisher's 70s Tie-Neck Blouse... And How To Get The Look Shop the look and check out more from our A Look Back archives
Kristen Stewart Sideboob Makes An Appearance At 'Cosmopolis' Premiere (PHOTOS) For Friday's premiere of \Cosmopolis,\ Cannes 2012 mainstay Kristen Stewart ditched the Balenciaga pants and went bold, bold
Kristen Stewart Sideboob Makes An Appearance At 'Cosmopolis' Premiere (PHOTOS) For Friday's premiere of \Cosmopolis,\ Cannes 2012 mainstay Kristen Stewart ditched the Balenciaga pants and went bold, bold
Princess Charlene Finally Steps Up Her Style Game For Monaco Grand Prix (PHOTOS) And this weekend for Monaco's huge Formula One Monaco Grand Prix championship, Charlene totally amped up her style, choosing
Fashionably Late Style Quiz So, you think you're a real fashionista, hmm? Well, then step right up and take HuffPost Style's Fashionably Late Style Quiz
Reese Witherspoon Pregnant Reese has favored figure-hugging ensembles throughout her pregnancy
Stevie Nicks' Style Evolution I still remember the first time I heard Fleetwood Mac's \Landslide.\ Even though it was almost three decades after the song
Esther Williams, 90, On Being The 'Million Dollar Mermaid,' Retro Swimsuits And 'Revealing' Bikinis (PHOTOS) What is the least flattering type of swimsuit? I know the bikini is so popular but you'd better have the best body to wear
Shaving Your Legs The professionals add, \You should always shave your legs either with hair growth or against, but shaving against hair growth
Summer Hairstyles 2012 Summer brings many things -- longer days, breezy sundresses and trips to the beach. Unfortunately, it also means hot, sticky
Lana Turner's Preppy Classic Style...And How To Get It (PHOTOS) Lauren by Ralph Lauren Studs, La Martina Polo, Kenneth Jay Lane Necklace, Topshop Chinos, Taryn Rose Sandals Want more? Be
Street Style Face-Off East Coast Vs. West Coast Street Style Street style coverage is ubiquitous these days, and understandably so. It's a never
Memorial Day 2012 Sales Memorial Day weekend is the unofficial start of summer. Whether you choose to enjoy the three-day weekend on the beach or
Cindy Crawford's Sexy Leather Dress Shop a similar look below and check out more of our Look Of The Day picks. Cindy Crawford attends the NYC Launch of Caliche
Oscar de la Renta Resort 2013 Model Frida Gustavsson's Bows Get Animated (GIF) Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. This week, FashGif takes on this look from
Keira Knightley Engagement Does her style get tongues wagging? Not so much. But have we ever seen a major red carpet flub from this A-lister? Not that
Angelina Jolie Jewelry Collection, Style of Jolie, To Be Displayed In France (PHOTOS) Despite being, oh, the most famous woman in the world, Angelina Jolie likes to keep a low profile (not too many mag covers
Paris Hilton Perfume Empire Gets New Fragrance, 'Dazzle' Or, as Paris told FHM earlier this year, \My fragrances are doing really well at the moment.\ You don't say. Although she
'Clueless' Trailer Makes Us Miss '90s Fashion Like Whoa (VIDEO) Style-wise, \Clueless\ kicked off an endless array of trends, including knee socks, crop tops, berets, schoolgirl skirts
Cannes 2012 The Cannes Film Festival is a playground for actors, filmmakers and the people that love them. They are there to premiere
Carine Roitfeld's amfAR Fashion Show Styles Supermodels In All Black (PHOTOS) The amfAR Cinema Against AIDS gala raised money for AIDS research by means of a charity auction, which billed massages from
Smiles and Mega-Styles at VFILES Store As interest in vintage fashion magazines continues to soar, New York's cool crowd has descended on VFILES, the SoSo-based store where famed fashion magazine archivist Mike Gallagher has placed his pop-up store overflowing with vintage publications.
Vogue Paris Wrinkles On Mag's Supplement Cover Are Awesome (PHOTO) The striking pic, lensed by Hans Feurer, appears on the cover of Vogue Paris' June/July 2012 supplement. While Pedaru's weathered
Carla Bruni's '90s Beatnik Look...And How To Get It (PHOTOS) Shop the look below and check out more fashion nostalgia photos. Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook
Nair, Veet, Sally Hansen, Oh My! Why I Use Hair Removal Creams Instead Of Shaving (PHOTO, POLL) It stinks, but my legs are smooth and super shiny. I'd be crazy not to admit that the \boiling egg\ stench that most hair
How To Dress-Down A Gown Q. Hi Jordan, I bought this dress at Banana recently
Beauty Street Style In our series FaceTime, we find inspiring girls around New York City and get the secrets to their look. This week we met
Inside the SmashBox Cosmetics Studio I was lucky enough to join the Smashbox Cosmetics team at their amazing compound in Culver City. 4 different photo studios
Liu Wen Shines For Chopard In Cannes WHERE
Nasty Gal The company has since grown (thanks to backing from the same fund that invested in e-commerce giants Net-A-Porter and ASOS
Stevie Nicks' Style Evolution I still remember the first time I heard Fleetwood Mac's \Landslide.\ Even though it was almost three decades after the song
Sulfate-Free Shampoo It's true. For over a year now, I have been using sulfate-free shampoo. And you know what? I don't miss the original formula
Wedding Style For The Second-Time Bride In the next few months, we will watch pop icon Britney Spears marry for the third time, Drew Barrymore will wed for the third
amfAR Gala 2012 Drama reigned supreme at the amfAR Cinema Against AIDS Gala 2012 at the Cannes film festival on Wednesday night. Co-chaired
Girl With Bow Hairstyle Barred From School Pictures (VIDEO) But Marino was told that her hair violated the school policy against braided hair and that it would not be permitted for
L'Uomo Vogue and Africa Each one of us can support this continent without showing exaggerated pity, but believing in the resources of the young and also trying to consider their development and not only their difficulties.
8 Natural Beauty Treatments That Are In Your Kitchen Right Now Another day, another facial treatment product with a triple-digit price tag. Or a soap that costs more than a monthly cell
Heidi Klum Pole Dances, Smokes In New Video For Hunger Magazine (VIDEO) Newly single girl Heidi Klum is turning over a new leaf. A very edgy, rock-and-roll leaf. See Heidi's style evolution! Klum
Chelsea Clinton & Princess Beatrice Party In London (PHOTOS) Well here's two people we never dreamed we'd see together
Cheryl Cole Bra Plays Peekaboo At 'What To Expect' Premiere (PHOTOS) See celebrity wardrobe malfunctions
Memorial Day Celebrations Want to throw the party of the season, but feel fresh out of ideas? With Memorial Day this weekend and many more reasons to celebrate this summer, try my \perfectly imperfect\ approach to entertaining and your guests will remember your celebration for years to come.
Bikini Wax At Home? I Lived To Tell The Tale I convinced my sister that it was a good idea, and she agreed to try it with me. Armed with an at-home waxing kit from my
Queen Elizabeth II's Royal Academy Of Arts Visit Had The Best Red Carpet (PHOTOS) Check out the awesomeness that was Queen Elizabeth's Royal Academy Of Arts fete. The most surprising sight of all, however
Soap Opera Hair Did you know that before Julianne Moore starred in films such as, \Crazy Stupid Love\ and \The Kids Are Alright,\ she played
Kim Kardashian vs. Gwyneth Paltrow Kardashian wore a two-piece lace fall 2011 Pucci dress in Cannes this week that showed off a sliver of her midriff, the same
Lipstick Etiquette It's all about context
Slits Are Getting Higher And Higher... Is There Any End In Sight? (PHOTOS, POLL) Because lately, on the red carpet, that's all we're getting. Since Angelina Jolie stuck her right leg out of that Versace
Sarah Ferguson's '80s Hipster Look...And How To Get It (PHOTOS) Did Princess Beatrice take a style cue from her mom? Check out a year in her royal style and see for yourself. Getty Images
Summer Makeup Bag Update Steamy subway cars, freak monsoon-like rain showers, air so thick you can feel it. Summer isn't always easy breezy. While
Kristen Stewart's Wild Pants At Cannes Wildly printed pants have been skimming the ankles of everyone from Beyonce to January Jones lately -- do you think Kristen
Priscilla Chan Ring If Mark Zuckerberg's new wife was expecting a MASSIVE diamond on her wedding ring ... she was SORELY disappointed. Just days
Bikinis, Stylish One-Pieces and The 11 Other Best Swimsuits For Your Shape (PHOTOS) Summer is here and while we couldn't be more excited about long weekends at the beach, the thought of getting into a swimsuit
Paris Packing Essentials I leave for Paris tomorrow afternoon to shoot a special project! This rush of excitement is bliss. The morning before the
How To Wear An Asymmetrical Skirt It's no surprise that I'm just utterly attracted to hi-low skirts and how dramatic and feminine it looks even when paired
Kristen Stewart Lightens Up Her Wardrobe (And Her Attitude) WHERE
How To Wear Monochromatic Colors Without It Looking Like A Mistake (PHOTOS) Summertime monochrome calls for hot pinks, minty greens and primary blues. Of course, all-white or pastels are always an
8 Reasons Why You Should Go For Cropped Pants This Summer--All Under $100 (PHOTOS) Whatever you choose will show off the slimmest part of any body -- the ankles. But let's be honest here, the best part about
8 Stylish Beach Towels For The Sand, Surf, Pool And Other Summer Fun Spots (PHOTOS) If you're in search of an easy way to up your seaside style, try catching some rays on a beach towel that's got serious flair
The Perfect Summer Clutch A little tropical punch to brighten up the concrete jungle! (couldn't help myself there) \u00a0These punchy colors really brighten
How To Wear Black Sequins Before I went away in December I went on a serious hunt for all things sequins. I really wanted to ring in the New Year with
It's Easy to Stay Young As women age, their skin naturally loses some of the vitamins and other components that gives their skin a natural, young
Gisele Pregnant Again? Supermodel Is Expecting Her Second Child, Rumors Say So, if (if!) this is all true and Gisele is preggo, we can probably expect a baby sometime in the winter. Epoca heard a rumor
Cameron Diaz Jumpsuit Braves The 'What To Expect' Red Carpet (PHOTOS) So brave is the starlet who graces the red carpet in a one-piece as Cameron Diaz did today. The blonde celeb hit up the London
Fashion Trivia Quiz Do you know which model designs a line of underwear? Or which designer got her start as a milliner? Take our quiz below and
Emma Roberts Masters Denim Cut-Offs Fame WHERE
Lea Michele Tattoos Are In 'Secret Spots' -- All 14 Of Them (VIDEO) See more celebrity tattoos below
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) This week's selections include pieces Catalina, Christian Lacroix and Pierre Cardin. Be sure not to miss the gorgeous 1950s illusion beaded short wedding dress, the colorful 1970s maxi halter dress and the mint condition Lederer handbag.
What SPF Should You Be Wearing? A Top Dermatologist Answers Our (Burning) Sunscreen Questions A few years ago the levels on sunscreen labels started to creep into alarmingly and never-before-seen territory, some even
World Goth Day Is Here! Check Out These Celebs Who Have Gone 'Goth' (PHOTOS) Happy World Goth Day! Er, not happy? We've never been into goth subculture ourselves, but we know it's not full of happy
A Conversation With Designer Reed Krakoff Reed Krakoff is a very busy man. Aside from his creative responsibilities at Coach, he also looks after his eponymous label. The designer talks about what makes him happy and what he would be doing if he didn't go into fashion.
Lady Victoria Hervey's Sheer Cannes Dress Fails To Hide Her White Underwear (PHOTOS) Wear the dress with some cute bloomers or sequined boy shorts that are designed to show and that will look like a cute accessory
Tilda Swinton Covers Candy Magazine Wearing Actual Makeup (PHOTO) Candy, a fashion magazine that celebrates \transvestism, transexuality, crossdressing and androgyny in all their glory,\ has
Lauren Odes, Former Native Intimates Employee, Claims She Was Fired Over 'Too Hot' Appearance But even when wearing a simple tee-shirt and jeggings, her busty shape was allegedly unacceptable to her Native Intimates
Pattie Boyd's Mod '60s Look...And How To Get It (PHOTOS) Shop the look below and check out more fashion nostalgia photos. Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook
Prince William He was wide-eyed and all smiles as he took Kate as his wife at Westminster Abbey last April. But, like royal watchers around
The Webster's New Target Collection Hits Bullseye (PHOTOS) The high-fashion feel will be no surprise to Miamians, who have long perused the well-edited racks of designer apparel and
Beauty Street Style In our series FaceTime, we find inspiring girls around New York City and get the secrets to their look. This week we met
American Idol I love working with artists that know what they like because you can really explore other options within the same vein of style. Finding the perfect jacket, pants, shoes, and shirts is always a #FUN challenge with Phillip.
Miley Cyrus Billboard Music Awards 2012 Miley Cyrus, however, left no questions hanging with her bold outfit at Sunday night's 2012 Billboard Music Awards
Billboard Music Awards 2012 Can't wait another nine months for the Grammys? Never fear, the Billboard Music Awards 2012 are here. The music awards show
Aurelie Saada & Sylvie Hoarau Are Our New Style Obsessions (PHOTOS) So we investigated and simply put, they are some damn cool girls. Aurelie is a boho Gisele, wearing ponchos and floral headbands
Candice Huffine Covers S Moda In Yet Another Naked Plus-Size Cover (PHOTOS) As xoJane.com once put it, \Yes, plus-size bodies are so very sexy, but they most also necessarily be functional. We can't
Priscilla Chan Wedding Dress We \u201clike\u201d this! While Mark Zuckerberg was taking his company public on Friday, his then-bride-to-be, Priscilla Chan, was
Carly Rae Jepsen Age Confusion We were shocked, then, when we Googled and find out that not only is Carly beyond her high school years, but that she's actually
DIY Nail Art Photos
Naomi Campbell's Beauty Evolution As Naomi celebrates her 42nd birthday on May 22nd, we're taking a look back at the catwalk queen's makeup and hair over the
Queen Elizabeth II Has Assistants Break In Her Shoes, Document All Her Outfits And luckily, she seems to have passed the practice on to her granddaughter-in-law. Another fun benefit of being Queen Elizabeth
Billboard Music Awards 2012 Can't wait another nine months for the Grammys? Never fear, the Billboard Music Awards 2012 are here. The music awards show
Miley Cyrus Billboard Music Awards 2012 Cyrus, 19, wore one her boldest outfits yet
Taylor Swift's 2012 Billboard Music Awards Look Is All Grown Up (PHOTOS) With her girly waves blown out straight and her smoky eye makeup on, Swift was all woman -- which was appropriate, considering
Pippa Middleton Wears Version Of Kate Middleton's Issa Dress To Friend's Wedding (PHOTOS) Pips, however, complemented her dress with a black and red rosebud fascinator instead of a humongous diamond ring. See more
Gucci vs. Guess Lawsuit Decision Gucci initially filed suit against Guess three years ago, alleging that the LA-based fashion brand \diluted its brand\ by
Goldie Hawn's Fierce Leopard Look...And How To Get It (PHOTOS) And don't forget to check out how stunning Kate Hudson looked at the White House Correspondents' Association Dinner. Like
I Still Wear My Prom Dress -- And I'm Not Ashamed To Tell You (PHOTOS) I went to high school in New Jersey, where there is nothing more important in the world of style than senior year prom (not even graduation or a new episode of \Jersey Shore\).
Are These iPad Cases Or Clutches? You Decide (PHOTOS) (PHOTOS) For many of us, our technology is like another appendage -- it's rare that we leave the house without some sort of electronic
Vanessa Williams' Poolside Glamour...And How To Get It (PHOTOS) Shop the look and check out more from our A Look Back archives
American Idol For Wednesday's performance night the theme was \California Dreaming/Songs I Wish I'd Written.\ From the #Idols we heard James Brown, CCR, Journey and more, and saw plenty of #fun fashion!
Jessica Mauboy Wardrobe Malfunction Is Just Centimeters Away At Cannes (PHOTOS) See Mauboy take a fashion risk below. Are you a fan of her dress? See more malfunctions... With long sleeves and a thick
Ashlee Simpson Daringly Pairs A T-Shirt And Birkin Bag Shop a similar look below and check out more of our Look Of The Day picks. WHO
Jessica Mauboy Wardrobe Malfunction Is Just Centimeters Away At Cannes (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
This Week In Beauty We spend each week scouring the red carpets for the best (and worst) in beauty, from gorgeous coral lips to oddly lopsided
Inkhosikati LaMbikiza, 'First Lady' Of Swaziland, Is Our New Style Queen (PHOTOS) So how does the top royal in Swaziland get dressed up? In some killer threads. For the Sovereign Monarchs Jubilee Lunch on
Alexandra Bastedo's Classic 'Champions' Style...And How To Get It (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Shop the look and check out more from
Diane Kruger Laces Up For Cannes WHO
Fashionably Late Style Quiz So, you think you're a real fashionista, hmm? Well, then step right up and take HuffPost Style's Fashionably Late Style Quiz
Michelle Obama Welcomes G-8 First Ladies To White House In Style (PHOTOS) After the tour, the ladies dined on gazpacho, Maryland rockfish, greens from the White House garden and caramelized olive
Shorts Don't Have To Be Scary Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Here, tips on the best shorts for every
\Mansome\ Stars Morgan Spurlock, Zac Galifianakis And More Discuss Beards, Manscaping (PHOTOS) On men who shape their brows...and why that gives people pause
Chanel Resort 2013 Model Sigrid Agren Turns Into Marie Antoinette (GIF) We've teamed up with Greta Larkins, the genius behind the brilliant Tumblr FashGif in a weekly series of animated fashion
Summer Statement Necklaces Summertime staples like breezy sundresses and denim cut-offs are essential for staying chic and cool when the temperatures
Made In The U.S.A. No matter where we shop or what we buy, all of our clothes have that little tag inside that says, \Made in ____.\ It's there
Burberry Earns $100 Million In Counterfeiting Lawsuit Let's hope those Chinese counterfeiters aren't social media mavens. This is certainly not the first time the British brand
Aerin Lauder Lifestyle Brand Set For Late Summer Debut Perhaps Aerin-branded beauty will be just the thing to get her started. See more at WWD.com (including pics of the new makeup
Baby Prince Harry's 1984 Christening Video Features Rowdy Toddler Prince William (VINTAGE VIDEO) Watch above for your Friday dose of adorableness. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr
Aerin Lauder Lifestyle Brand Set For Late Summer Debut Then, after beauty, Aerin LLC is moving on to jewelry, tabletop items, fabrics and other home decor products. Aerin Lauder
Cannes Calvin Klein Party Features Major Cleavage On Diane Kruger, Jada Pinkett-Smith & Naomi Watts (PHOTOS) Calvin Klein dresses often feature elegantly high necklines and demure caps-sleeves (see
Ann Taylor LOFT Photoshop Fail In the product shot for the Marisa Cargo Pants in White Cotton Poplin [ed. note
Freida Pinto's Cannes Wardrobe Unlike the Oscars, Met Gala or other major red carpets, the Cannes Film Festival is a marathon, not a sprint. This year's
Charlize Theron Theron apparently had jaundice as a baby, which required her family to put her on a hefty course of antibiotics. Her teeth
Burberry Earns $100 Million In Counterfeiting Lawsuit Burberry also has the power, decided the judge, to \hold third-party hosts; payment processors; search engines, such as Google
Vintage Maternity Wear From B.Jones Style
Kate Middleton & Princess Charlene Hang At The Sovereign Monarchs Jubilee Lunch (PHOTOS) But for those in attendance at Windsor Castle this afternoon seemed to be having a fine time. Catherine and Princess Charlene
Ann Taylor LOFT Photoshop Fail Check 'em out below... and, if you're not freaked out by a few misplaced fingers, do some AM online shopping at LOFT.com
Cannes Calvin Klein Party Features Major Cleavage On Diane Kruger, Jada Pinkett-Smith & Naomi Watts (PHOTOS) Diane Kruger, one of the classiest, most fashion-forward celebs in the biz, showed up clad in Calvin Klein with her d\u00e9colletage
Spring Makeup Inspiration From The Zoe Report
Freida Pinto's Cannes Wardrobe Unlike the Oscars, Met Gala or other major red carpets, the Cannes Film Festival is a marathon, not a sprint. This year's
Anna Kendrick Reveals Her Big Style Splurge From People Style Watch
Charlotte Casiraghi, Royal & Gucci Girl, Hangs Out At Cannes Film Festival 2012 (PHOTOS) But the lady that most caught our eye on the red carpet was Charlotte Casiraghi, the 25-year-old daughter of Princess Caroline
CFDA, 'Real Simple' And Our Other Favorite Pinterest Accounts This Week CFDA - With Diane von Furstenberg as their president, the CFDA is one of the leading authorities in fashion and style. So
Dianna Agron Pulls Off '80s Acid-Wash Denim Well WHAT
Patchwork Denim From Beckerman Bite Plate
The Perfect Brunch Outfit From The Ray And The Ro
Beyond 'Schiaparelli And Prada' Yves Saint Laurent in Denver, Colorado? Couture in Charleston, South Carolina? That's right! While The Metropolitan Museum's
Wristlets Won't Make You Sweat Summer style is all about lightness
Jennifer Lopez's Style Evolution While Jennifer Lopez's acting skills have been the topic of some debate, there is no question that the 42-year-old woman
11 Graduation Dresses That Transition Into The Real World (PHOTOS) When I was shopping for a dress to wear to my college graduation, it was practically impossible. My school didn't require
Kirsten Dunst's Schoolgirl Look...And How To Get It (PHOTOS) Boden Polo, American Apparel Skirt, Cole Haan Wristlet, Hue Knee Socks, Marc by Marc Jacobs Loafers Want more? Be sure to
Quick Hair Fixes Meanwhile, find out how to get an expensive haircut for cheap. Paves, whose celebrity clients include Jessica Simpson, Victoria
Prada's Voyageur Capsule Collection Has Us Craving Vintage Prints (PHOTOS) Just in time for Cannes, Prada has released a capsule collection of cotton popeline dresses, canvas wedge sandals, silk scarves
Beauty Street Style In our series FaceTime, we find inspiring girls around New York City and get the secrets to their look. This week we met
Cold Cream And Its Many Uses When I gave my Grandmother Annie Ruth's Noxzema beauty regimen a try for seven days straight, I wasn't expecting my skin
How Donna Summer Helped Me Through College (PHOTOS) My Donna Summer phase was my junior year in college. I have an aversion to most new music, so while most of my friends were
L'Oreal Lawsuit Alleges Garnier Sleek & Shine Hair Serum Is 'Flammable' (PHOTOS) OMG. We've totally used that stuff before, without any bonfire-type incidents. But of course, flammable products are not
Style at Any Age Fashion should be aspirational and inspirational, but real women need and deserve chic, inspired clothes that make them feel beautiful and work for them IN REAL LIFE.
Norway's Royal Family Celebrates Norwegian Constitution Day With Awesome Outfits (PHOTOS) Sure, we fawn over Kate Middleton's \real girl\ style. But we'll never get tired of seeing royals in their traditional garb
Coco Rocha Target Video Proves That Models Have, Like, Actual Skills (VIDEO) Models are often underestimated, told that their line of work is easy and that all it takes is to stand there and look pretty
Wardrobe Malfunctions Photos This week in wardrobe malfunctions (and close calls) is notable for bringing us the riskiest dress ever -- Micaela Schaefer's
The Hair Doctor Is in I don't ask what she wants to do with her hair, that question puts the client in an awkward position -- you wouldn't want your accountant to ask you how you want to calculate your taxes, right?
'America's Next Top Model' For a full look at what's to come on The CW, click over to the 2012-2013 schedule. \America's Next Top Model\ is headed back
Jennifer Lopez Leaving 'American Idol,' Taking Her Fabulous Fashion With Her (PHOTOS) Lopez will exit the judges' table at the end of this season, sources told E! Online's Marc Malkin exclusively. The star, it
Nicole Scherzinger Works High Slit At 'Men In Black 3' Premiere, Nearly Suffers Wardrobe Malfunction (PHOTOS) See Nicole as well as more celebs who've dared to bare their upper thighs just these past couple of months (trend alert!). PHOTOS
Nicole Scherzinger Works High Slit At 'Men In Black 3' Premiere, Nearly Suffers Wardrobe Malfunction (PHOTOS) We hate to say it, but when it comes to these insanely high-slitted dresses... we told you so. And as it turns out, those
Kim Kardashian eBay Sale Includes Lots Of Black & White Clothing (PHOTOS) So where has all the leopard print gone? On eBay -- although to be fair, there's plenty of black, white and gray Kimmy clothes
A Straight Guy's Reaction To Heavy Makeup (PHOTOS) Bad makeup is like receiving correspondence in ALL CAPS. It is rigid and without nuance.
Hair Chalking How-To Before giving this a go, be sure to wear plastic gloves and a towel to avoid a big mess. Twist each strand of hair before
Tilda Swinton's (Unsurprisingly) Sophisticated Tailoring Fame WHO
Cameron Diaz's Beauty Evolution As 39-year-old Diaz celebrates the release of \What To Expect When You're Expecting\ on May 18th, we're taking a look back
Top 10 Things I Learned About My Teeth! Who Knew? It's a time for spring cleaning, getting back into a serious gym routine and giving your body that once-over we never like to admit we do. For me, that also includes my teeth, which need to look on point for all those spring socials I swirl around to for work.
Jerry Hall's Nautical Beach Look...And How To Get It (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Jerry Hall may be from Texas, but she's
Basket Bag Inspired by al fresco dining, basket weave handbags have been on our minds as of late. Whether you use them for your wallet
Fashionable Best Friend Some people can pull off fashionably rebellious looks, but not this diva. I've learned to listen to the pros and stay in my line; my lane is certainly not that of a fashion stylist.
'Ballgowns Who wears ballgowns anymore? Wedding dresses continue to be extravagant, even prom dresses are formal, but these works of
How To Create A Fishtail Braid (VIDEO) From WhyDid?
Pairing Pink And Yellow From Homerun Ballerina
Simple Spring Style From Trop Rouge
Kim Kardashian, Angelina Jolie And 23 More Stars Shine In Grecian-Inspired Dresses (PHOTOS) The Olympics are coming up, and with them come references to the first games in Athens. While we are excited to see Stella
In Conversation With Danish Designer Rie N\u00f8rregaard (PHOTOS) 
What a 100-Year-Old Has To Say About Today's Beauty And Fashion Trends (PHOTOS) At 100 years old, Ruth is much more stylish and healthy than most women half her age. With an intense fitness routine and
Breaking Out After A Facial In Beauty Myths, we've enlisted the help of pros to help debunk and demystify some of the most popular advice out there. Do
Five Faves The minute you meet Apt2b.com's founder, Mat Herman, you instantly get why the upstart retail site is getting the buzz it has been.
Frieze Art Fair New York What would Alison Jacques or Marianne Boesky wear?  Well, in the world of art, darling, black is de rigueur.
Queen Elizabeth II Boat Ride Takes Royals To Burnley (PHOTOS) Needless to say, we're super psyched about the zoo photo opps. The queen was headed towards Burnley, home to the British
Kara Laricks, 'Fashion Star' Winner, On Jessica Simpson's Awkward Compliment And Loving Her Designs Like Babies It is no coincidence that Laricks compared seeing her collections in H&M, Macy's and Saks to another exciting incubation
Celebrity Aging Photos Show How Stars Looked Different At 20 And 30 (PHOTOS) Frankly, we think that's a load of nonsense, and we decided to check out some pics of celebrity women to see just how much
Audrey Hepburn Vs. Katharine Hepburn Though they may share a surname, Katharine and Audrey Hepburn couldn't be more different. One was an all-American icon whose
Georgia Salpa If you thought Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian looked like their sister Kim, think again. We've found someone who bears an
Princess Beatrice, Sarah Ferguson Get Dolled Up For Marie Curie Cancer Care Fundraiser (PHOTOS) Forget Mother's Day brunch. Strapping on a gown and accompanying your mom to a black tie gala with Kate Moss and Yasmin Le
Miley Cyrus Dons See-Through Crochet Skirt In Miami, Must Be Sweating (PHOTOS) See how Miley went from cute kid to glamour girl! Check out photos below! Cyrus was snapped leaving the Delano Hotel on South
Cannes Film Festival Fashion Ever since the first Palme d'Or was handed out in 1946, the fashion (however outrageous it may be) has been a major focus
Bring Back The Treasures From Every Decade -- Redhead Style Whether you are looking in an old family member's closet or going to your local vintage flea market, you can rock the old treasures that were worn \back in the day.\
Ke$ha Makeover? Singer Dons Flapper Outfit, Shows Off Elegant New Look (PHOTOS, POLL) Ke$ha did spring one beauty surprise on us, though
Naked Celebrities...Well, Almost Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Check out 26 stars who have embraced
Fashion Trivia Quiz Do you know which fragrance has been for sale since 1921? Or who designed Kate Moss' wedding dress? Take our quiz below and
What To Wear To Work Every working woman has her go-tos when it comes to dressing the power-player part -- crisp white shirts, black pumps, sleek
Whoopi Goldberg's Shoes On Obama's 'The View' Episode Were Awesome (PHOTOS, VIDEO) PHOTOS
Carla Bruni, Valerie Trierweiler Hug It Out As Francois Hollande Invested As President Of France (PHOTOS) What will France look like with a new First Couple in power? How will Trierweiler compare to our dearly departed Bruni? And
Gia Coppola Mixes Metallic And Denim WHAT
The Met Ball It's the biggest night in fashion -- it's fashion's equivalent of the Oscars. It's a place to catch up with people you haven't seen in awhile, to people watch, to be enthralled in the amazing environment Anna and her team creates.
Q10 With Amanda Ross Today, you can find Amanda basically anywhere on any coast. Whether she is styling a shoot for a major magazine or styling an A-list celebrity, Amanda continues to challenge herself and further perfect her craft.
Gisele Vogue Paris June 2012 Cover Involves Much Sand, Few Clothes (PHOTOS) Gisele Bundchen may be Brazilian, but she's one of Vogue Paris' favorite girls. PICS
Kristen Stewart In Drag Whether or not Kristen Stewart will actually admit she's dating Robert Pattinson, one thing's clear in this new Elle photo
Lady Gaga Meat Dress Returns On Singer's Tokyo Tour (PHOTO) Gaga's original meat frock is preserved in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, but that didn't stop the singer from finding a
Jennifer Lopez Sheer Dress At 'What To Expect' Premiere Is Stunning (PHOTOS) A high-wattage crowd, for sure, but J.Lo upped the glam quotient in a nude maxi dress that left just the right amount to
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) No time to page through thousands of eBay listings? Then just sneak a peek at my weekly eBay roundup of top vintage clothing finds.
Ask Michael Cohen Sometimes with friends, as your life or their life habits change, you just have to \u00a0change your social activities with them before you get sucked into their downward spiral.
Kristen Stewart In Drag Sneak a glimpse of Stewart's androgynous photo shoot below, and head over to Elle to see more images. Joe Zee and Tom Munro
Megan Fox's Style Evolution While Megan Fox hasn't always been recognized for stellar on-screen acting, whether it was in the \Transformers\ films or
Best Makeup For Any Skin Color A great night look that plays up the sultry side of pink lipstick is a smoky lash line. Apply a black kohl pencil around
Jessica Alba Gets Photoshopped On Marie Claire (PHOTOS) And, er, in the inside photo, where Jess adopts the \gaze-peripherally-into-a-mirror\ pose we've already seen in a June mag
Janet Jackson's Style Evolution As Janet celebrates her 46th birthday on May 16th, we're taking a look back at the music icon's style over the years. Vote
Nicola Formichetti in Singapore Tomorrow, he will show Mugler's fall 2012 collection, which he said he has tweaked for Singapore's Audi Fashion Festival. Below are the highlights from the McDowell-Formichetti conversation.
Jennifer Lopez Sheer Dress At 'What To Expect' Premiere Is Stunning (PHOTOS) A high-wattage crowd, for sure, but J.Lo upped the glam quotient in a nude maxi dress that left just the right amount to
Gisele Vogue Paris June 2012 Cover Involves Much Sand, Few Clothes (PHOTOS) The supermodel was chosen as the mag's first cover girl under editor-in-chief Emmanuel Alt (after she took the reins from
Lily Cole Wears 'Pippa Middleton' Bridesmaid Dress To 'Snow White & The Huntsman' Premiere (PHOTOS, POLL) Cameron Diaz, who first wore the gown in red to the 2010 Golden Globe Awards, amped up the glam factor in the slithery frock
Lady Gaga Meat Dress Returns On Singer's Tokyo Tour (PHOTO) Terry Richardson snapped the photo of Gaga in her pseudo-carnivorous frock, which she wore onstage during \Americano\ surrounded
Diane Lane's Teenage Tomboy Style...And How To Get It (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Old Navy Khakis, See By Chloe Blazer
Cannes 2012 Style The guest list for the 2012 Cannes Film Festival, which starts on May 16 and runs through May 27, is already getting us jazzed
Swimwear Cover-Ups That Are Stylish, But Won't Leave You Half-Naked (PHOTOS) Swimsuit season is almost upon us. Stifle those groans ladies and instead, think of it as a time to shop. After all, everyone
Mischa Barton Has A Baby On The Cover Of TWELV Magazine (PHOTOS) What's one way to get a new magazine noticed? Create a celebrity cover, ideally with a provocative photo concept. TWELV magazine
DIY Nail Art Chelsea of Get Nailed uses the kitchen staple to give her nails an upgrade. The summery design reminds me of the beautiful
The Fashion Whip In an image-obsessed political culture, the lesson is that smart voters can spot authenticity in their leaders and will reward
Katherine Heigl's Boots Are Really High For Mother's Day (PHOTO, POLL) See Katherine's outfit below. Would you wear over-the-knee boots with a minidress in the spring? But the actress' Mother's
What The Stylelist Staff Bought This Weekend On the weekends, we Stylelist editors and Blogger Network members practice what we preach, which entails scouring flea markets
Isabeli Fontana, Rohan Marley Engaged (PHOTOS) Brazilian-born Fontana was rumored to be the \other woman\ in the Lauryn Hill/Rohan Marley drama last year, which culminated
Daphne Guinness Performs Jefferson Airplane At Arlene's Grocery With Element 4 (VIDEO) Guinness, whose notable co-conspirators have included Isabella Blow and Alexander McQueen, joined the band Element 4 last
Isabeli Fontana, Rohan Marley Engaged (PHOTOS) Brazilian-born Fontana was rumored to be the \other woman\ in the Lauryn Hill/Rohan Marley drama last year, which culminated
7 Shirtdresses For Any Spring And Summer Affair (PHOTOS) Meanwhile, what do you think of Eva Longoria's sparkly shirtdress? Cinch the waist of a matte-colored shirtdress with a statement
Side Bangs Can Cause Lazy Eye, Optometrist Says (PHOTOS) \If a young [person] has a fringe covering one eye all the time, that eye won't see a lot of detail. And if it happens from
'Smoke And Mirrors' Blogger Marcus Holmlund Can Wear The Same Outfit Every Day For A Week (PHOTOS) You grew up in Buffalo, NY. How did that influence your style? It made my mind wander. I\u2019d use the Internet, magazines and
Carolyn Murphy Tattoo On Vogue Germany Cover Grabs Our Attention (PHOTOS) The thought occurred to us as we gazed at Vogue Germany's June 2012 cover, which features Carolyn Murphy and her oversized
White Dresses Aren't Just For Brides In related news, would you try wearing white nail polish? White is perfect for the upcoming warm weather because it deflects
Barbara Bach's Bond Girl Look...And How To Get It (PHOTOS) Getty Images T by Alexander Wang Skirt, Forever 21 Bangles, Galitzine Vintage Blouse, Guerlain Terracotta Bronzer In related
Beauty Street Style In our series FaceTime, we find inspiring girls around New York City and get the secrets to their look. This week we met
Top 7 Cities for Single Women (and Men) While the rate of marriage is on the decline, the rate of divorce has somewhat stabilized across the U.S. -- with 9.6 percent of men and 12.1 percent of women over the age of 15 divorced.
Tanning Mom, Patricia Krentcil, And Too-Tan Celebrities Who Remind Us To Put On Sunscreen (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. One sign that Patricia Krentcil (better
Kate & William PDA Alert! Duchess Kisses Husband, Plays With Puppy Lupo At Audi Polo Match (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge
Jada Pinkett Smith Gives Us A Lesson In Color Blocking Shop a similar look below and check out more of our Look Of The Day picks. Fame In related news, who wore this skin-tight
Sasha Pivovarova Baby Just days after tweeting the photo to her Twitter followers, Sasha tweeted on Sunday morning, \It's a beautiful baby girl
Jessica Simpson's Destination Maternity Line Is On Its Way (PHOTOS) No, not Maxwell Drew Johnson. Jessica Simpson's maternity line has finally arrived! The new mom, who gave birth to daughter
Mint Fashions For Spring 2012 From A New Mode
How To Wear All White This Spring From Swank Heights
This Week In Beauty We spend lots of time focusing on what stars wear, but what about what they put on their faces? Although makeup may not seem
Raquel Welch Shows Off That Famous Body In A Bathing Suit Tyler Rose Green Striped 'Hermes' Ruched Swimsuit, Fisico Cristina Ferrari Sarong, Amanda Pearl 'Natural Wood Coin' On Drab
Vogue June 2012 Cover Features Serena Williams, Ryan Lochte & Hope Solo (PHOTO) \Men -- who needs 'em?\ has been Vogue's approach to cover stars for the past, oh, century. But for the mag's June 2012 issue
Prince Harry & Prince William Polo Match Includes A Cute Baby (PHOTOS) It's a toss-up, but luckily we got both this weekend. On Saturday, the British royals suited up for the Audi Challenge Cup
January Jones' Pretty Printed Pants Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. WHAT
Best/Worst Brands May 7-14 If you've got a product, destination, or idea that you think moves culture forward, send me a message @321takeoff. Speaking
Dear Clair Huxtable Click through the slideshow below for some of my favorite Clair Huxtable moments from \The Cosby Show.\ Copper complexion
Vogue June 2012 Cover Features Serena Williams, Ryan Lochte & Hope Solo (PHOTO) \Men -- who needs 'em?\ has been Vogue's approach to cover stars for the past, oh, century. But for the mag's June 2012 issue
Ginger Rogers' Breathtaking Beauty... And How To Get It Shop the look and check out more from our A Look Back archives
Jennifer Lopez's Nude Outfit WHO
Marc Jacobs, Rachel Roy And Our Other Favorite Designer Pinterest Accounts This Week (PHOTOS) Marc Jacobs - The mastermind behind our favorite fragrances, bags and shoes has been pinning everything from the latest MJ
Katy Perry vs. Jennifer Lopez J.Lo wore this short black bandage Catherine Malandrino dress back in April on an episode of \American Idol,\ while Perry
Fashionably Late Style Quiz So, you think you're a real fashionista, hmm? Well, then step right up and take HuffPost Style's Fashionably Late Style Quiz
Snooki Reveals Pale Skin In Twitter Photo, Considers Filming Child Birth Take a look at Snooki like you've never seen her before -- pale. The pint-sized, self-proclaimed \meatball\ who's famous
Katy Perry vs. Jennifer Lopez J.Lo wore this short black bandage Catherine Malandrino dress back in April on an episode of \American Idol,\ while Perry
Princess Felipa, Bavarian Princess, Weds Christian Dienst In Germany (PHOTOS) Felipa, 31, tied the knot with Dienst at Wies Church in Steingaden in a tiara (natch) and a dress with sheer long-sleeves
Donna Karan Fall 2012 We've teamed up with Greta Larkins, the genius behind the brilliant Tumblr FashGif in a weekly series of animated fashion
Christian Louboutin Beauty Line Set To Launch In 2013 Christian Louboutin is launching a beauty line called Christian Louboutin Beaut\u00e9, Women's Wear Daily reports. The shoe designer
Brooklyn Decker Sheer Dress Stuns At 'Battleship' Premiere (PHOTOS) We're also fans of her style. While most Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue alums favor skintight bandage dresses (which, to
Miley Cyrus Revives The Nose Piercing See more under-20s who've gotten pierced
Valentino Garavani Birthday In honor of Valentino's 80th birthday, let's take a look back at his most striking red carpet dresses over the years. Want
Jessica Alba's Amazing Monochromatic Look WHERE
Spring Shoes With Liebling-Goldberg's advice in mind, we perused the Stylelist Blogger Network for the best alternatives to boring flip
Chic Graduation Day Outfits From The Zoe Report
Cate Blanchett's Fashion-Forward Style Evolution (PHOTOS) Want more? Flip through our many other Style Evolutions, and be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr
How To Master A Dutch Braid (VIDEO) From BellaSugar
Mischa Barton Has A Baby On The Cover Of TWELV Magazine (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Brooklyn Decker Sheer Dress Stuns At 'Battleship' Premiere (PHOTOS) We're also fans of her style. While most Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue alums favor skintight bandage dresses (which, to
Christian Louboutin Beauty Line Set To Launch In 2013 As for the feel of the new collection, expect sexy and strong, just like the stilettos. \u201cBeauty products also have to do
Mother's Day 2012 Our dear moms juggle a lot. Raising kids while holding down a full-time job sounds near impossible, but millions of women
Erin Heatherton, Victoria's Secret Angel, On Her Summer Workout Routine, Beauty Tips And What's Sexy (PHOTOS) Where is your favorite beach? St. Bart's. I love being on the beach, and most of all I love swimming in the ocean. What's
Swiss Street Style From Advanced Style
Mother's Day Gift Ideas Mother's Day is only a few days away (Sunday!), but if you're still scrambling to find a thoughtful gift for Mom there's
Cindy Crawford's Pepsi Commercial From 1992 Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. We toss the word \supermodel\ around
Katy Perry Goes Goth Is '90s-style goth fashion making a comeback? Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr
Fashion Week Flashback 
Kate Middleton Hair Excuse us for being dramatic, but we rarely see the Duchess of Cambridge's hair swept off her face -- there was this time
Babe Paley's Easy Summer Style...And How To Get It (PHOTOS) \Mrs. P had only one flaw,\ Truman Capote said of his friend Babe Paley. \She was perfect. Other than that, she was perfect
Lindsay Lohan's Eyebrows Clash With Her Face (PHOTOS, POLL) We liked LiLo's elegant look at the recent 2012 White House Correspondents' Dinner, but we're not sure this ensemble is going
Valerie Trierweiler Talks Designer Fashion, Being Like Michelle Obama (PHOTOS) Most talked about is her unmarried status (technically she is Hollande's girlfriend, although the two have been a couple
Jessica Biel Owns The $35,000 Row Backpack, Apparently (PHOTOS) But on Wednesday, Biel tweeted a photo of herself in New York sporting a familiar-looking backpack. Wait. Is that THE The
Jessica Biel Owns The $35,000 Row Backpack, Apparently (PHOTOS) Ashley, if you're reading, we also are ready and available to accept purse-related gifts. Jessica Biel must know this, and
Heidi Klum On Bad Hair Days, The Pink Hair Trend And Her Mother's Beauty Advice (PHOTOS) You looked stunning at the Met Gala the other night. Any picks for best-dressed? There were a lot of interesting outfits
Kate Moss Fan Art Who doesn't love Kate Moss? She's provided endless inspiration for photographers, stylists, editors and artists, like Marc
Fashion Week 2.0 Decoded Fashion, appropriately held at Lincoln Center last week, was the 2.0 version of Fashion Week, bringing together some of the top designers and the top technology platforms that fashion utilizes to get out their message.
Cut From the Same Cloth? An Impossible Conversation Between Prada and Schiaparelli on Fashion These two designers are both Italian, but Schiaparelli worked in the 1930s to 1950s and Prada designs today. The exhibit plays up their similarities and contrasts, in both their clothing designs and in the imagined dialogue between the two women.
Snooki Click over to V magazine to read more of Snooki's interview, and check out a few of Snooki's (gorg!) no-makeup photos below
Andrej Pejic Wedding Dress Looks Gorgeous On Rosa Clara Runway (PHOTOS) Andrej Pejic, one of our favorite models in the biz, knows his way around a wedding gown. But his recent runway turn for
Iris Apfel On Worshiping Accessories And Her 'Extinctions' Handbag Collection (PHOTOS) To make sure that each lady can find a bag that suits her personal tastes, her collection includes 12 styles available in
We Reveal 10 Charitable Fashion Brands Worth Shopping (PHOTOS) You've done your spring cleaning, thrown away the tattered rags and given away the clothes that may not suit you anymore
Rumer Willis At Nylon Magazine's Young Hollywood Party In March she caught our attention in a rather sexy bandage dress. But last night she did a 180, covering herself in drapey
Jessica Biel Owns The $35,000 Row Backpack, Apparently (PHOTOS) Biel, who joined Twitter on May 7, has been up to the usual genres of tweets
Florence Welch's Statement-Making Maxi Dress Fame WHO
Michelle Obama & Jill Biden Color Coordinate At The White House (PHOTOS) Michelle Obama and Jill Biden (FLOTUS and SLOTUS, for those of us who favor abbreevs) have distinct style sensibilities. Jill
Miranda Kerr Vacations In Bora Bora, Rocks White Bikini (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Miranda Kerr looks flawless as she hits the beach with her one-year-old son, Flynn. The Australian seems to be a cross between
RZA Loves...Clarks Wallabies? (And More Findings From His Closet) (PHOTOS) One look at RZA's closet and there's no denying this rapper's shoe game is hard to beat. The Wu-Tang Clan member claims to
My Sassoon Moment Reading of Vidal Sassoon's death, I remembered with much fondness and wonder that time in England when I lived on Wild Hatch. I could see myself sitting in the candlelit salon on the High Street, emerging with the odd, experimental hairstyles.
Jennifer Love Hewitt Gets Victoria's Secret Angel Wings On 'The Wendy Williams Show' (VIDEO) Jennifer Love Hewitt hit \The Wendy Williams Show\ this week to enjoy some girl-bonding with the chatty host. Wendy began
Lindsay Lohan's Eyebrows Clash With Her Face (PHOTOS, POLL) Check out the photos below and weigh in
Anna Wintour, Colbert Talk Fashion & Gay Marriage On 'The Colbert Report' (VIDEO) Colbert was all, \I don't really trust Prada, because my understanding is the devil wears Prada. And this is a Christian
Tired Eyes No More Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. BellaSugar beauty reporter Susan Yara
Rihanna, Madonna And 23 More Stars Show You What To Do With Grandma's Pearls (PHOTOS Pearls are the epitome of ladylike. Princess Diana, Jackie Onassis and Audrey Hepburn topped off many an outfit with at least
Beauty Street Style In our series FaceTime, we find inspiring girls around New York City and get the secrets to their look. This week we met
Spring's Brights and Lights The description \classic with a twist\ is a fashion cliche, but it's true that the most striking acid brights are those that bring a \wow factor\ to otherwise classically cut clothes and accessories.
Beyonce Opts For Minimal Makeup, Simple Dress For 'The Thriving Child' Book Launch (PHOTOS) Beyonce recently told People that she does her own makeup and cuts her own hair -- and as much as we love her in no-holds
Queen's Speech 2012 Check out photos of the queen's lavish ceremony below, and watch a short clip of her big speech. And on to the style
A Conversation With Designer Bibhu Mohapatra 
Eva Green vs. Elle Macpherson vs. Anne Hathaway So now, of course, we'll be playing it again. Out of Eva, Elle and Anne, who's wearing this Tom Ford dress best? Out of all
What Is Sexy 2012 See the Victoria's Secret Angels flaunting their stuff at the 2011 Fashion Show
How To Get A Top Notch Top Knot From WhyDid?
Linda Evangelista's Style Evolution Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. In honor of Evangelista's 47th birthday
Vidal Sassoon Dead At 84 Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. I may be a child of the '80s, but my
The Vintage Bag Detail That Looks Fresh This Spring (PHOTOS) Every girl's got a favorite handbag in her closet
Tan Model In H&M Ad Gets The 'Tanorexic' Treatment, Has Doctors In A Tizzy (PHOTOS) Perhaps H&M was inspired by the now-infamous \tanorexic\ mom, Patricia Krentcil. Perhaps they just lingered with the spray
Vidal Sassoon Dead \First of all what we truly have to look at is the situation. I was born in 1928 and by 1931 the Depression was beginning
Anda And Masha, Hat Designers To The Stars, Tell Us How To Find The Perfect Topper Why is it so hard to find a good hat? Sometimes we want something a little more unique and different than all the others
Linda Evangelista's Breezy Floral Frock Fame Shop a similar look below and check out more of our Look Of The Day picks. Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist
Heart-Printed Shorts From My Style Pill
How To Transform This Forever 21 Colorblock Dress From Ramshackle Glam
InStyle Newsstand Sales Soar For Crucial March Issue In a dreary month for fashion magazines, one title managed to buck the trend. The newsstand sales numbers for the March editions
Dakota Fanning Wardrobe Malfunction PHOTOS
Tan Model In H&M Ad Gets The 'Tanorexic' Treatment, Has Doctors In A Tizzy (PHOTOS) \Many people, especially young, will to emulate this and will try to just as brown, even though their [skin] type it's not
Calvin Klein For Macy's By Francisco Costa Below, see photos from the collection, whose prices range from $135 - $180. Will you be buying on May 15? Rejoice! A new
Tyra Banks' Wildest Facial Expressions (PHOTOS) Then there's this GIF, which is perhaps our favorite of all time. Check out our gallery of Tyra's wildest looks below! Tyra
Shirt Around Waist Trend? Kanye, Rihanna & More Are Out To Make This '90s Look Cool Again (PHOTOS, POLL) Somewhere between 1996 to 1998, I wore a shirt tied around my waist. It was both utilitarian (a handy coverup whenever I
Mother's Day 2012 Is YOUR mom fashion savvy? This Mother's Day, we were inspired by Piper Weiss' amazing My Mom The Style Icon blog and her
Beyonce Opts For Minimal Makeup, Simple Dress For 'The Thriving Child' Book Launch (PHOTOS) On Monday night, Beyonce went full-on glam for the Met Gala 2012. (We were there to see Bey make her tres grand entrance
What Is Sexy 2012 But we'll set aside our skepticism and take in yet another year of \What Is Sexy,\ the definitive list of the sexiest celebrity
Eva Green vs. Elle Macpherson vs. Anne Hathaway Out of all of Anne Hathaway's many Oscar-hosting dresses, her high-necked Tom Ford gown was the most controversial. So now
Former Chris Burch Employee A former employee of Chris Burch, Tory's ex and founder of the adorable C. Wonder boutiques, is suing his ex-boss on charges
American Idol On Wednesday's performance night, the #Idols took on the '60s and British-imported songs. Scroll down for all the fashion goodness!
Madonna Truth Or Dare Logo Is Copyright Infringement, Says Sydney Artist (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Madonna has hit yet another bump along the road to celebrity fragrance domination (having already dominated the fields of
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) No time to page through thousands of eBay listings? Then just sneak a peek at my weekly eBay roundup of top vintage clothing finds.
Gwyneth Paltrow At Met Gala 2012 Yes, we know side boob is generally unforgivable. But with a dress this cute, on a person so fabulous? We're inclined to
Beyonce At The Met Gala 2012 But of course, in Beyonce came, accompanied up the stairs by none other than Andre Leon Talley. And the dress was worth the
Anja Rubik Met Gala 2012 Dress The 2012 Met Gala is definitely a time to experiment with fashion, but model Anja Rubik took experimenting to a whole new
Met Gala 2012 If the White House Correspondents' Dinner is Nerd Prom, then the Met Gala is Fashionista Prom. The dresses are way better
Ivanka Trump Met Gala 2012 Up to you to decide. Check 'em out below... and click here to see the rest of the Met Gala 2012 arrivals. See the rest of
Simple Eyebrow Trick From Keiko Lynn
Amber Heard Accessorizes With An Adorable Dog Shop a similar look below and check out more of our Look Of The Day picks. Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter
May Inspiration Board From Karla's Closet
How Barbra Streisand's Manicure Made an Impact on My Life But there are those of us who end up learning the tools to turning this crazy fixation on beauty into more than just a mindless addiction. So, I went about my way starting Bellacures to tend to one's hands, feet and ultimately, heart.
Brad Pitt Is The First Male Face of Chanel No. 5 (UPDATED) The campaign is scheduled to shoot in London this week, and we're interested to see Karl work his magic on the dreamboat
Christina Aguilera Nip Slip Comes Sooo Close On 'The Voice' (VIDEO, PHOTOS) But last night she came close to giving people something to actually talk about. Watch the video above, making sure to hold
Met Gala 2012 See all the Met Gala arrivals at HuffPost Style along with our picks for Met Gala worst-dressed. Want more? Be sure to check
Anja Rubik Met Gala 2012 Dress Click below to see the rest of the Met Gala 2012 arrivals! Rubik, who showed up on the arm of designer Anthony Vaccarello
Nicole Richie Macy's Collection To Debut In September Nicole Richie for Impulse will debut in 100 Macy's stores and online, Women's Wear Daily reports. The \Fashion Star\ judge
Alessandra Ambrosio Baby Is Finally Here -- And It's A Boy! (PHOTOS) Oh wait. It was. And then, next thing we knew, the baby was here! Alessandra Ambrosio gave birth to a baby boy on Monday
Met Gala 2012 If the White House Correspondents' Dinner is Nerd Prom, then the Met Gala is Fashionista Prom. The dresses are way better
Mad Men Season 5, Episode 8 Style Recap Elsewhere in this episode, we saw Megan's chunky chain necklace again, Joan in an abstract floral pattern and Peggy repeating
Pippa Middleton Moving To New York Forget Tinsley. Forget Olivia. There (may be) a new socialite in town
Met Gala 2012 See all the Met Gala arrivals at HuffPost Style along with our picks for Met Gala best-dressed. From Rachel Zoe's fringe
Texas Street Style From Take A Drag Or Two
Audrina Patridge's Style Evolution But the girl's not all sex appeal. In fact, she's got a laid-back style that's completely cool and totally approachable. At
Kate Middleton Dons High Slit, Jimmy Choos At Claridge's (PHOTOS) In case you didn't get enough black tie dresses last night, here is Kate Middleton in a stunning high-necked Roland Mouret
Nicole Richie Macy's Collection To Debut In September The Macy's line, of course, won't be Nicole's first foray into fashion design
Amazon Ventures Into High End Fashion Business With New Site MyHabit.com So far the designers who've signed up to work with the online retailer include Michael Kors, Vivienne Westwood, Catherine
Brad Pitt Is The First Male Face of Chanel No. 5 (UPDATED) Check out Brad and Angelina's style below to get a refresher on the new fragrance aficionado's many looks with his feminine
Kate Middleton Dons High Slit, Jimmy Choos At Claridge's (PHOTOS) In case you didn't get enough black tie dresses last night, here is Kate Middleton in a stunning high-necked Roland Mouret
Hillary Clinton No Makeup Photo And now, a pic of Clinton without makeup -- and wearing glasses -- has set off another dose of Internet fervor. \I feel so
Amazon Ventures Into High End Fashion Business With New Site MyHabit.com The site will also offer higher-end packaging for the new items. But that's all about to change after Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos
Alessandra Ambrosio Baby Is Finally Here -- And It's A Boy! (PHOTOS) The couple already has a 3-year-old daughter, Anja Louise, meaning Alessandra will have her hands full. But lest you expect
Face Scrubs For Your Skin Type We should be exfoliating our faces to get rid of dead skin cells, dry patches and unevenness; this we know. But how often
Natural Hair While I do believe that the standard of beauty in America is evolving, there are still many people that associate straight
DIY Nail Ideas On the weekends, we Stylelist editors and Blogger Network members take advantage of some much-needed down time to prettify
Sexy Hair, That's All The notion of \Sexy Hair\ has as many facets as a diamond. It could mean the freedom of movement, tone of color, shine, or the angle of a great cut. If you were to pick up any magazine with a premise of \Sexy Hair,\ all of these elements would be obvious.
Met Gala 2012 The Met Gala is often called fashion's Oscars, but honestly, we think it's bigger than that. Where else do you get every
Met Gala 2012 The Met Gala is often called fashion's Oscars, but honestly, we think it's bigger than that. Where else do you get every
Coco Rocha At Met Gala 2012 See the rest of the red carpet arrivals from Met Gala 2012! The carpet may have been red, but at the 2012 Met Gala, the color
Keratin Made My Hair Fall Out! A Cautionary Tale (PHOTOS) My hair horror all started with a lone PR email that floated its way into my inbox.\n\n\Would you like to get a free keratin treatment?\
Best Baby Products That'll Make You More Beautiful (Really!) A few weeks ago, I was getting off of the subway with a friend of mine when she offered me some hand sanitizer. I paused
Tortoise Shell With all of the updates on retro classics we've seen this spring, it comes as no surprise that we're in the mood for perennially
Mother's Day Gift Guide We will spend a record $18.6 billion on Mother's Day gifts this year -- that works out to about $152 per mom. Judging by these figures, a Hallmark card and a macaroni necklace (my go-to gift from age three to 8 years-old) won't cut it this year.
Hair Growth Tips Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. In the world of beauty, it's ever-so
Mother's Day 2012 There's nothing more daunting than Mother's Day shopping (well, maybe Father's Day... but that's something we'll address
Susan Hayward's Pin-Up Look... And How To Get It (PHOTOS) Getty Images Shop the look and check out more fashion nostalgia photos. In related news, don't miss this run-down of the
Summer Hats You've probably stashed away your beanies and other cold-weather toppers, and now it's time to break out the hats more appropriate
If Only Wars Could Be Stopped This Way... In 2003, when Leymah Gbowee was awarded, alongside two other African women the Nobel Peace Prize, her name became particularly well-known because she employed a rather unusual method to bring to an end a civil war.
A Conversation With Shoe Designer Rupert Sanderson For Rupert Sanderson, designing a shoe is not about making a pair of ridiculously over-designed and stratospheric high heels that no woman can comfortably walk in.
Melissa Gilbert's Style Evolution When Melissa Gilbert beat out hundreds of other child actresses in 1973 for the role of Laura Ingalls Wilder on \Little House
Bloggers Sick Shoe Closet From Something Navy
La Mer Moisturizing Cream From Color Makes All The Difference
Ballet Dancer's Street Style From Beautiful Stranger
DIY Nail Art While visiting my family this past weekend in Charleston, South Carolina, the only thing that kept me cool in the 90-degree
Bar Refaeli Movie About Hamas Assassination In The Works Cue Hollywood, which is taking the real-life thriller and turning it into -- wait for it -- a comedy. Refaeli's part doesn't
Keratin Made My Hair Fall Out! A Cautionary Tale (PHOTOS) My hair horror all started with a lone PR email that floated its way into my inbox. \Would you like to get a free keratin
Ginnifer Goodwin Was Pretty In Preen At The Kentucky Derby Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. WHERE
Valerie Trierweiler, France's New 'First Lady,' Will Bring Her Chic Style To Elysee Palace (PHOTOS) Twice-divorced, she's a mom of three. Of course, we'll miss our beloved Carla Bruni when Trierweiler and Hollande take the
Katy Perry Adidas Ads Are Giving Us A Serious Britney Vibe (VIDEO, PHOTOS) Can anyone say \Hit Me Baby One More Time\? In Katy's more recent Adidas spots, she sported her bright blue bob and a windbreaker
Elsa Schiaparelli Brand To Be Revived By Diego Della Valle (PHOTOS) To compare the two idiosyncratic designers might literally be an impossible undertaking (\They are not taking into consideration
Gwyneth Paltrow Sideboob Paltrow suited up for the event in a black DVF fall 2012 dress and sparkly Louboutins, and the sheer paneling on her dress
Elsa Schiaparelli Brand To Be Revived By Diego Della Valle (PHOTOS) If you're going to stage a fashion comeback, where better to do it than the Met Gala? To compare the two idiosyncratic designers
This Week In Beauty We spend lots of time focusing on what stars wear, but what about what they put on their faces? Although makeup may not seem
Mischa Barton Makes Stylish Return In Cut-Out Dress WHAT
Catherine Deneuve's Very Un-'80s '80s Outfit Anne Klein Shift Dress, Topshop Boyfriend Blazer, Marc Jacobs Black Quilted Clutch, Prada Black Suede Strappy Sandals, House
Kentucky Derby 2012 Mixed into the champagne-sipping, horse-cheering fans were several behatted celebrities, including Debra Messing, Tinsley
'Spray Tan Defense' Invoked In Murder Trial (VIDEO) But now, as Kaufman is finally brought to trial, the defense lawyers argue that chemicals in the spray tan Eleanora got the
Courtney Cachet's \MY MOM'S THE BOMB!\ Mother's Day Gift Guide No matter who you are or where you come from, we love our children and we'd give our right arm for them. So give her something cool, will ya? Don't know what to get? Relax, I got your back.
'SNL' Skewers Tanning Mom, Asks Her For Beauty Advice On 'Weekend Update' (VIDEO) It was only a matter of time before the notorious \tanning mom\ Patricia Krentcil, got her, er, moment in the sun. Last night
'SNL' Skewers Tanning Mom, Asks Her For Beauty Advice On 'Weekend Update' (VIDEO) It was only a matter of time before the notorious \tanning mom\ Patricia Krentcil, got her, er, moment in the sun. Last night
Kentucky Derby 2012 Mixed into the champagne-sipping, horse-cheering fans were several behatted celebrities, including Debra Messing, Tinsley
Juliette Binoche Jumps By The Sea Shop the look and check out more from our A Look Back archives
Fashionably Late Style Quiz So, you think you're a real fashionista, hmm? Well, then step right up and take HuffPost Style's Fashionably Late Style Quiz
January Jones Opts For Abstract In Mary Katrantzou WHO
Adele's Style Evolution To celebrate her birthday on May 5th, take a look back at how Adele's style has evolved over the years. Are you sitting down
Kanye West Twitter Rant Blasts Khaki Cargo Shorts, 'Big Ass Striped Scarves' (SLIDESHOW) Check out Kanye's fashion rants below to see what else got the official style thumbs-down from the A-list rapper. When we
Emma Stone, Olivia Wilde Headline Revlon Run/Walk For Women 2012 In Matching Blonde Hair (PHOTOS) The Entertainment Industry Foundation and Revlon sponsored the annual Revlon Run/Walk for Women on Saturday, raising money
Kanye West Twitter Rant Blasts Khaki Cargo Shorts, 'Big Ass Striped Scarves' (SLIDESHOW) This isn't Yeezy's first fashion-related Twitter gripe session; back in January, the rapper took to the social media platform
Vintage Treasures, Food Porn And Our Other Favorite Pinterest Accounts This Week Joy the Baker
Carolyn Bessette-Kennedy's Truly Timeless Style...And How To Get It (PHOTOS) Getty Images Shop the look and check out more from our A Look Back archives
Adele's Style Evolution And check out more celebrity style evolutions here. Are you sitting down? Super-singer Adele is turning just 24 on Saturday
Chris Harrison, 'The Bachelor' Host, To Divorce 18 years is a long time -- in fact, an eternity in \Bachelor\ terms. Despite playing matchmaker to literally hundreds (!) of
Linda Evangelista, Cate Edwards, Lindsay Lohan... Does Court Room Style Matter? (PHOTOS, POLL) Tell us what you think. Is examining court room style fair or unnecessary? Was Linda trying to send a specific message? Moreover
Cinco de Mayo Happy Cinco de Mayo! Needless to say, we're really in the mood for a margarita-filled fiesta. Whether you're hosting your
Hillary Clinton And Cardinal Dolan Are the Life of the Party TIME Magazine's 100 Most Influential People of 2012 Gala was held at Jazz Lincoln Center last Tuesday April 24, in NYC. This gala was more than trending celebrities or whoever has the most followers on Twitter.
Taylor Swift Discovers Minimalism Shop a similar look below and check out more of our Look Of The Day picks. WHERE
Eyeliner Trick For Making Yourself Look Fresh From Ramshackle Glam
Australian Fashion Week Fall 2012 New York, Paris, London and Milan may get all the buzz--but Fashion Week in locales like Iceland and Denmark are quickly
Ilia Organic Makeup Review From Assignment Fashion
Adam Yauch Death In the '80s, the group was the epitome of New York hip-hop cool, donning colorful baseball caps, cuffed jeans and Adidas
Hillary Clinton's Vintage Style At The 1993 Jazz Fest Check out that purple shirt Bill's wearing. Jazzy! And we're loving the sheer '90s-ness of Hillary's ensemble
Mother's Day Makeovers Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. With the help of makeup artist Emily
Throw a Last-Minute Cinco De Mayo Party and Not Be a Caliente Mess! I love Cinco De Mayo! I mean, duh -- tacos, margaritas, colorful d\u00e9cor. What's not to love?
Jennifer Lopez Tattoos For 'Follow The Leader' Take Us By Surprise (VIDEO, PHOTOS) We already knew Jennifer Lopez was a badass since her krav maga-fighting days in \Enough.\ But the star seems to have reached
Mischa Barton Side Boob On Display At Harper's Bazaar Event (PHOTOS, POLL) Check out more of the side boob trend
Justin Timberlake But the former 'NSYNC star does have one unfortunate problem
Prada Fall 2012 FashGif For previous Fashion Gifs, take a peek in our gallery below
Spring Sunglasses Trends With sunny weather in my sights, it's time to invest in a pair of spring sunglasses that can be worn seven days a week. Sunny
Mother's Day Gift Guide, Part Two We've already shared some ideas on creative Mother's Day gifts, but there are a lot of moms--and a lot of last-minute shoppers
Michelle Obama & Scarlett Johansson Wear Preen In The Same Week (PHOTOS) Rumors recently flew that FLOTUS had banned Scarlett and fellow actress Kerry Washington from the White House for being \flirty
Kentucky Derby Horse Or Nail Polish Color? (QUIZ) As we were getting excited about Saturday's Kentucky Derby race (mostly by ogling photos of amaaaaazing hats from years past
Julia Restoin-Roitfeld Strikes Pregnant, Lingerie-Clad Pose On i-D Cover (PHOTOS) Check out Julia's relatively demure cover below. How do you feel about the belly-baring trend? Ready for another nearly-naked
Meet the Woman Who Spiked the Punch \I think I filled a void. I started making necklaces because I didn't want to shell out a few hundred dollars for costume jewelry that I don't wear everyday,\ said Davis.  A lot of women must have felt the same way.
Gabourey Sidibe's Style Evolution Starring as loud-talking, boastful characters in films like \Yelling to the Sky\ and \Tower Heist\ and on Showtime's \The
Wedding Hair Accessories From a studded barrette clipped into a side-part of loose waves to a flower headband that will dress up a simple ponytail
Beauty Street Style In our series FaceTime, we find inspiring girls around New York City and get the secrets to their look. This week we met
Dusty Springfield's Soulful Style...And How To Get It (PHOTOS) Meanwhile, check out more women with hairstyles similar to Springfield's. Kendra Scott Pendant, Genny Vintage Top, Paul Smith
Good Art, Hlywd Style (PHOTOS) By breaking the rules, Good Art lives up to its name and reflects an aesthetic that's quintessentially LA.
Get Ready for Gatsby Wear! Johanna Johnson's Luxurious New Collection This week, New Zealander Johanna Johnson unveiled her \Luxor\ collection at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week in Australia -- apparently she was cherry picked by MB, joining designers like Narciso Rodriguez and Monique Lhuillier who have presented in previous years.
Derek Jeter Talks Cologne Driven Black, Snoop Dogg's Influence And His Surprising Addiction When asked how he starts his day, Jeter responded, \u201cI take a shower. I\u2019m pretty simple. I don\u2019t really take care of myself
Vogue 'Health Initiative' Focuses Body Image Conversation On Magazines Read more about The Health Initiative at Vogue.co.uk and Telegraph.co.uk. Of course, as long as Photoshop exists, those over
Nina Garcia Is Celebrating Her Birthday With 'An Extra Helping Of Dessert' (EXCLUSIVE) Happy Birthday, Nina! MORE NINA GARCIA
Cindy Crawford Poses With Daughter Kaia & Her Mother For Cute JC Penney Ad (PHOTOS) Scroll down to see the ad and watch the heart-melting video! As if anyone doubted for a second that Cindy Crawford was gorgeous
Anna Dello Russo For H&M Is Happening, People! (VIDEO, PHOTOS) Seriously, we're not teasing. The iconic Vogue Nippon editor announced today that she will be designing an accessories collection
David Cameron It could happen. President Obama's had good luck when it comes to meeting boyhood crushes. After he struck a super nerdy
Wardrobe Malfunctions Gallery We had a hefty dose of wardrobe mishaps this week, including Kanye West's hilariously (and probably PR-planned) pants dropping
Men's Online Shopping Surpasses Women's (INFOGRAPHIC) With that in mind, a recent finding actually makes a lot of sense
Kim Kardashian, Jessica Simpson And More Celebs In Wild Hats At The Kentucky Derby (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. In related news, can you guess who
Met Costume Institute Gala Here's why we live for the Metropolitan Museum of Art's annual Costume Institute Gala every year
Hairstyles For A Bad Hair Day Rather than cancel my meeting (yes, I seriously considered!) I remembered a recent post that Stylelist Blogger Network member
Chanel Shell Purse Part of Chanel's spring 2012 collection -- remember, the show where Florence Welch serenaded the crowd from a giant oyster
Kentucky Derby Hats Get out that cocktail mixer
David Cameron The former Sports Illustrated cover girl added, \I think he's so smart and attractive. I do love a good British accent. It
Cindy Crawford Poses With Daughter Kaia & Her Mother For Cute JC Penney Ad (PHOTOS) But wait, didn't Cindy Crawford say she didn't want her 10-year-old daughter to model anymore? Either way, we think this
Anna Dello Russo For H&M Is Happening, People! (VIDEO, PHOTOS) For kicks, check out Anna Dello Russo's inimitable style... Seriously, we're not teasing. The iconic Vogue Nippon editor
Miley Cyrus Ombre Hair Check out Miley's style, from child star to stylish woman! Cyrus has been taking some wardrobe risks lately -- sideboob, anyone
Carrie Underwood Goes Casual Chic For 'The Late Show With David Letterman' WHO
Christina Hendricks' Style Evolution In celebration of Hendricks' 37th birthday on May 3rd, we're taking a look back at the bombshell's style over the years. Vote
Sundresses That Work For Any Body Type, Just Shop Your Shape (PHOTOS) Sundresses are pieces that every girl should own this season. Click through the gallery below to see how different celebrities
Victoria's Secret Model Miranda Kerr's Weird Eyelash-Curling Trick (VIDEO) Being a Victoria's Secret Angel sure has its perks. From playing dress-up in multimillion-dollar bras to jet-setting across
DIY Denim Cut-Offs Nothing says summer more than a pair of cut-off denim shorts. From music festivals to beach barbecues, denim shorts are a
Gwen Stefani Hairstyle How-To Now with spring weather here (and the subsequent perma-humidity that that brings), seems no better a time to figure out this
'And She Walked Happily Ever After' Finding a pair of shoes in your closet that will last all day on your feet without making you miserable is often a daunting task. Using these helpful tips can now make your life much easier.
Street Style Take a peek at our 19 favorite looks from the event and don't forget to vote for your favorite. While the panels were nothing
Cheryl Burke, 'Dancing With The Stars' Champion, Loves Her Mini Skirts (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Cheryl Burke, who is best known for taking
Meg Ryan's '80s Biker Look...And How To Get It (PHOTOS) \A Look Back\ is a daily column that highlights a moment from fashion's fabulous past. Today's pick is of Meg Ryan in 1989
The Shops At Target Kicks Off With Strangely Random Red Carpet (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr and Pinterest. Everyone seemed happy to be there
Kate Upton Cat Daddy Dancing Video Banned By YouTube? (VIDEO, POLL) But still, we're sure you can find sexier stuff on YouTube than just a model dancing in a bikini, right? See more of Kate's
Poppy Delevingne's Gucci Pants Almost Aren't Pants At All (PHOTOS) \Am I wearing pants today?\ To see your favorite celebs with no pants at all, click below... Want more? Be sure to check
Operation Fit and Fabulous You see, in the fashion world there is always someone telling you to suck something in, suck something up or surgically suck something out. But today, all of this is about to change.  And I've decided to start with the Holy Grail of body betterment -- the abs.
Backless Dresses, Or How Rihanna, Emma Watson And 22 Other Stars Show Some Skin (PHOTOS) Some may argue that the sexiest part of a woman is her back, especially when she shows it off in a sleek and sophisticated
Is Neon Nail Polish REALLY Illegal? (POLL) We had to get to the bottom of this, so we went to Doug Schoon, the chief scientific advisor for Creative Nail Design, who
Tulisa Contostavlos Is 'Sexiest Woman In The World,' According To FHM Magazine (VIDEO, PHOTOS) Her name is Tulisa Contostavlos and she's the winner of FHM's 2012 Sexiest Woman in the World. Announced in FHM's big June
Nicholas Kirkwood Kirkwood, whose designs have been worn by Beyonce and Sarah Jessica Parker, recently told the Daily Beast he doesn't think
Camilla, Duchess Of Cornwall, Wears A Gaga-Worthy Hat (PHOTOS) See Camilla's style evolution! Check 'em out. Want more? Be sure to check out HuffPost Style on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr
Newt Gingrich Suspends Campaign While we haven't covered much in the way of Newt's individual style -- although we have noticed his very Republican side
Julia Bluhm Protests Airbrushing Outside Seventeen HQ With Other Teen Girls (PHOTOS) \I've always just known how Photoshop can have a big effect on girls and their body image and how they feel about themselves
Celebrities Without Makeup Ashley Greene recently told us \I think it's dangerous...to get too comfortable in needing makeup. You kind of lose yourself
Azealia Banks Lands Met Gala 2012 Performance & A Date With Alexander Wang Fashionista caught wind of a few telling tweets, in which Banks name-dropped just enough to break the news
Outrageous Sunglasses Jackie O., Anna Wintour, Victoria Beckham... besides incredible style, these women have another thing in common
Anna Dello Russo Wears Abercrombie & Fitch, But Not Vintage Clothes Anna Dello Russo, one of the biggest personalities in fashion, is famous for her undying devotion to designer clothing (of
That's So Last Century When the the New York Times Sunday Styles section debuted on May 3, 1992, fashion wasn't as fashionable as it is today. Style and design had not yet infiltrated every aspect of bourgeois life.
Jennifer Lopez' Lanvin Snake Dress Is Jennifer Lopez filming a new movie called \Snakes On A Dress\? Check out the pics and vote below
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley Lingerie Line For Marks & Spencer Set To Launch See other models who launched their own lines! Of course this is Rosie's first venture, done in collaboration with an already
Rebecca Taylor Reissues Kate Middleton Suit Due To Popular Demand (PHOTOS) The Duchess just celebrated her one-year royal wedding anniversary with William on Sunday -- consider the new suit her gift
Colbert Praises Concealed-Carry Clothing On 'The Colbert Report' (VIDEO) Get More
Queen Elizabeth II Pets Corgis, Repeats Outfit At Diamond Jubilee Party (PHOTOS) See photos of the queen in her outfit repeat -- and petting corgis -- below! And in our new favorite photos of all time, Her
Wardrobe Malfunctions 1. Stick to it Invisible double-stick tape is a weapon in any stylist's arsenal. It's cheap, easy to use and will make sure
American Idol For performances Wednesday night, the Idols took on a Queen song and another song of their choice. So that meant a total of 12 fabulous fashion looks! Here is the low-down on what the Top 6 men and ladies wore.
Lotion Bar And check out the video below for another fun DIY beauty recipe. Thanks to the blog One Good Thing By Jillee, we've got the
Paul Marciano How is it that Marciano has made his Guess campaigns so idiosyncratic, and yet managed to be so successful? Marciano recently
Jessica Simpson Baby Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, and Pinterest. To congratulate the new mom, we're
Jessica Simpson Baby As for her new daughter, the singer turned designer just hopes that she isn't \athletic\ like her father. \u201cI swear, I will
Yes, Really Shop the selection of lash tint products below to try this DIY beauty treatment. Not everyone is fortunate to have lush, double
Gwen Stefani Bravely Pairs Many Different Prints In related news, remember when Stefani rocked raspberry blue hair? WHAT
Serena Williams On How To Get Bikini Ready, Her Biggest Style Dilemma And Best Workout Hair (PHOTOS) Packed into a studio with about 30 other would-be gym rats, I delved into a \moderate\ version of Serena's workout
Christina Aguilera Wears Tiara, Fishnets, Peplum AND Goes Pantless On 'The Voice' (PHOTOS) Aguilera donned a black jacket and black bodysuit with a peplum ruffle, fishnet tights in lieu of pants, which were evident
How High Heels Ruined My Feet (And I'm Only 24) I was a strange breed in high school. While most of my classmates cruised the halls in their Hollister jeans and Birkenstocks
American Idol Here's an exclusive look at what it took to style the Top 6 Idol finalists for their performances on American Idol's Queen Night.
Carrie Underwood Bought A $2,000 Sweatshirt By Mistake We would imagine celebs, they of the seemingly endless bank accounts, don't have this problem very often. But Carrie Underwood
Fashion Whip The women being vetted -- both as potential running mates and as the spouses of potential running mates -- are a diverse
9 Surprising Prom Dresses To Buy Now And Wear After The Dance (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Though some may favor that over-the-top look
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) Be sure to check out the fab petit point handbag, the beautiful Art Deco opal and tourmaline ring and the collectible 1939 museum quality wedding kimono. Which item is your favorite?
Skirts That Will Have People Talking ... In The Best Possible Way (PHOTOS) Check out our roundup of seven skirts bound to have people atwitter ... in the best possible way. So, what does this have
10 With Ariel Foxman Foxman pays it forward by putting his knowledge to good use from everything to speaking with journalism students at Columbia to judging Lifetime's Project Accessory along side Kenneth Cole and host Molly Sims.
Introducing Style for Hire \It\ can be personal style; \it\ can be confidence; \it\ can be finally having a wardrobe that brings you joy every day; \it\ can be a pocketful of saved money. Whatever \it\ is, we want to help you get it. Style is not a privilege -- it's a right!
Ginnifer Goodwin Wears $299 H&M Dress to the White House Correspondents' Dinner Ginnifer Goodwin looked like a million bucks at the White House Correspondents\u2019 Dinner in Washington, D.C., Saturday night
Andrej Pejic Can't believe it? After all, this is the same face who's walked runways for Jean Paul Gaultier, starred in his own fragrance
Cameron Diaz Poses For Harper's Bazaar UK June 2012, Nearly Loses Her Dress (PHOTOS) Cameron Diaz continues her fashion spree on the cover of Harper's Bazaar UK's June issue, getting hosed down in a beige dress
Julia Bluhm, Seventeen Reader, Petitions Magazine To Feature Non-Airbrushed Photos 13-year-old Julia Bluhm submitted a petition through Change.org entitled \Seventeen Magazine
Harper Beckham Modeling Offer Has Arrived My1stYears.com penned an open letter to Harper herself, sharing it with our pals at MyDaily.co.uk in full. An excerpt
Freida Pinto's Sharp Red Suit At The 2012 Tribeca Film Festival Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Shop a similar look below and check out more
The Totem of Chat At the bottom there's Facebook, and then texting, and then email, and then the phone, and then -- in theory -- face to face. But as one of them says, no one really expects to communicate in person
Pant Suits Yes, it seems the rise of the pant suit is imminent. While celebs are trading in gowns for pantsuits on the red carpet, we
Azealia Banks Lands Met Gala 2012 Performance & A Date With Alexander Wang (UPDATED) Can't wait till Monday? See what everyone wore at last year's 2011 Met Gala, below... Followed by
Andrej Pejic Picture this
Cameron Diaz Poses For Harper's Bazaar UK June 2012, Nearly Loses Her Dress (PHOTOS) Photographed by Tom Munro, Cameron also posed in a white button-down and her undies (and a hat, but that seems besides the
Kanye West Wardrobe Malfunction UPDATE
Harper Beckham Modeling Offer Has Arrived Read more at MyDaily.co.uk... and see how much she's grown
Kelly Clarkson 'Dark Side' Video Check out the pic and vote below, and see more photos of Kelly Clarkson's dress over at the Daily Mail. Kelly Clarkson took
Kelly Clarkson 'Dark Side' Video Clarkson said at her first \American Idol\ audition that she makes her own clothes and that she'd be a fashion designer if
Royal Wedding Anniversary But for now, check out some photos below of Will and Kate spending their first newlywed year out and about. We hope Will
Fashion Trivia Quiz Do you know which supermodel was discovered in a nightclub? Or who designed Bella Swan's wedding dress in \Twilight
J.C. Penney, Cosmopolitan To Launch Lingerie Line For Fall That said, we wonder if Cosmopolitan and J.C. Penney make the best pair. Would the sex-focused mag do better with a saucier
Lady Gaga Wears A Wig As A Dress For 'Born This Way Ball' Tour 2012 (PHOTOS) While we're not sure if this will cause as much controversy as her meat dress, we're still unsure if this is a trend we want
Exhibit Infograph Below, a quick primer on the most poignent artistic and creative connections between Schiaparelli and Prada. While Prada
Shannen Doherty Reveals Secret To Soft Lips The new reality TV star describes her personal style as, \classic and simple,\ admitting, \I don't go for trends, I simply
Kim Cattrall's Beach Body Look...And How To Get It (PHOTOS) \A Look Back\ is a daily column that highlights a moment from fashion's fabulous past. Today's pick is of Kim Cattrall during
Shorts At Work Got This Reader Sent Home One day I wore Lilly Pulitzer navy blue shorts and a white, ruffled silk blouse, which was buttoned-up to my neck, with a
How High Heels Ruined My Feet (And I'm Only 24) While most of my high school classmates cruised the halls in Birkenstocks, I wore black trousers, pretty blouses and dressy heels -- every day. But midway through high school, my feet started to slow me down.
What The Stylelist Staff Bought This Weekend On the weekends, we Stylelist editors and Blogger Network members practice what we preach, which entails scouring flea markets
DIY Nail Art Meanwhile, check out this poppy print mani that channels the florals from Yves Saint Laurent's spring 2012 runway show. Mesmerized
Beauty Street Style In our series FaceTime, we find inspiring girls around New York City and get the secrets to their look. This week we met
Mad Men Season 5, Episode 7 Style Recap At home, we see her in casual ensembles of tees and denim cut-offs, which nicely solves the problem. But for Don's big awards
Mariah Carey's Pants Are Too Tight (PHOTOS, POLL) Mariah's red and black leggings, which she paired with a black jacket and boots, looked a little too snug. But this isn't
'Mean Girls' Fashion Moments On the heels of William and Kate's anniversary comes another
Royal Wedding Pictures Click here for more royal wedding anniversary coverage! So to celebrate today, Prince William and Catherine's Royal Wedding
Michelle Pfeiffer's Still Got It Shop a similar look below and check out more of our Look Of The Day picks. Getty Images Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist
Michelle Obama White House Correspondents' Dinner 2012 Check out photos below! FLOTUS shone in a Naeem Khan multi-colored strapless print dress accessorized with gold earrings
White House Correspondents' Dinner 2012 Where else can you see Kim Kardashian and Lindsay Lohan rubbing shoulders with Rick Santorum? See Michelle Obama go head
This Week In Beauty We spend lots of time focusing on what stars wear, but what about what they put on their faces? Although makeup may not seem
Nicole Richie Thinks Headpieces Are The New Shoes From InStyle
Shirley Eaton, Bond Girl, Wears Polka Dot Bikini On A Yacht \A Look Back\ is a daily column that highlights a moment from fashion's fabulous past. Today's pick is of British actress
White House Correspondents' Dinner 2012 Where else can you see Kim Kardashian and Lindsay Lohan rubbing shoulders with Rick Santorum? See Michelle Obama go head
Michelle Obama White House Correspondents' Dinner 2012 First Lady Michelle Obama nailed the so-hot prints trend at Saturday night's White House Correspondents' Dinner. At 2011
Joan Crawford's Impressive Shoe Closet \A Look Back\ is a daily column that highlights a moment from fashion's fabulous past. Today's pick is of actress Joan Crawford
White House Correspondents Dinner 2012 Saturday night's White House Correspondents Dinner is one of the most anticipated events of the year for both journalists
Royal Wedding vs. Kim Kardashian's Wedding The Catering RW
Byrdie Bell Dresses Up Her Striped T-Shirt With A Floor-Length Skirt WHERE
12 Clever Beauty Apps You Need On Your Smartphone From Refinery29
Wardrobe Malfunctions Gallery We saw our fair share of cringeworthy outfit disasters this week, including some bona fide, good old-fashioned, traditional
Fashionably Late Style Quiz So, you think you're a real fashionista, hmm? Well, then step right up and take HuffPost Style's Fashionably Late Style Quiz
Jourdan Dunn Gets Animated In Rodarte Fall 2012 (FASHGIF) Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. For previous Fashion Gifs, take a peek in our
Testing When Robert Pattinson admitted to his dandruff problem, we hoped more stars would follow suit and reveal their dry scalps
The Mother's Day Gift Ideas That Are Better Than Flowers (PHOTOS) Mother's Day is just around the corner (May 13th), so why not get ahead of the game and give your Mom something besides a
Zac Efron's Jean Jacket Is Truly Unacceptable (PHOTO) And yet even seemingly perfect men have their slip-ups. Yesterday Zefron (as we've taken to calling him around here) touched
Zac Efron's Jean Jacket Is Truly Unacceptable (PHOTO) Luckily, we forgive you. As always. We've seen our fair share of bad jean jackets, Zefron, and we'd hate to throw you and
Kristen Stewart Named 'Best Dressed' By Glamour UK (PHOTOS, POLL) The \Twilight\ star ranked above Diane Kruger, Angelina Jolie, Emma Stone and even questionable icon Kate Middleton to earn
Simon Doonan Teaches Conan O'Brien About Man Boobs, Talks 'Gay Men Don't Get Fat' (VIDEO) And at least you won't pick on us for our boobs. Doonan, the creative ambassador at large for Barneys New York and humorous
Kristen Stewart Named 'Best Dressed' By Glamour UK (PHOTOS, POLL) \Whether she's working bodycon Monique Lhuillier on the red carpet, or dressing down in jeans and a T-shirt, Kristen is always
Fashion Shack's Old Commercial Is The Best Inadvertently Funny Store Ad (VIDEO) Nothing brightens up our Friday morning like stumbling across hilarious vintage commercials that were made not in jest and
Gloria Steinem's '70s Feminist Look...And How To Get It (PHOTOS) Getty Images Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. \A Look Back\ is a daily column
Kate Middleton & Prince William Just Like Us Click here for more royal wedding anniversary coverage! As if you needed any more proof that this darling royal couple is
Obama PDA We let out an audible gasp when we saw Michelle Obama's outfit today. In her bright red a-line dress, the classic frame purse
Most Fashionable Cities In America How did it work? Bundle selected the 50 largest cities based on population data and created a \fashion-conscious index\ to
Kim Kardashian Kanye West & More Couple Style Through The Years (PHOTOS) Sometimes when two people start dating, one can really influence the other's style -- and if it's for the better, everybody
Ginnifer Goodwin Punches Up Her LBD With Colorful Prada Wedges Fame WHAT
Rihanna, Kim Kardashian And 12 More Best-Dressed Celebrities Of The Week (PHOTOS) These lists are so subjective. But we call ourselves style experts, so we'll go ahead and judge these celebrities' fashion
Olivia Wilde Spills Beauty Secrets To 'T Magazine' Aside from her eyebrows' naturally pointy shape that can at times turn a bit evil queenish, little to no eyebrow maintenance
Katie Holmes Gray Hair See for yourself below! Do you think Katie should be bothering to cover up her gray? The star, 33, recently shot down rumors
Royal Wedding Anniversary The royal wedding anniversary makes its very fancy arrival on Sunday, and we got to thinking
Penelope Cruz's Style Evolution As Cruz celebrates her 38th birthday on April 28th, we're taking a look back at the leading lady's style over the years. Vote
Nicki Minaj, Pamela Anderson And 14 Other Style Stumbles This Week (PHOTOS) As the saying goes, \One day you're in, and the next day, you're out.\ We know, it can be hard to maintain the buzz. That
Why You Should Just Say No to Blowouts Call me crazy, but there's nothing worse in the haircare realm than looking in the mirror after having paid someone to make
Royal Wedding Anniversary The royal wedding has sparked some quirky trends this year. We've seen everything from a flux of super cheap replicas of
Beautiful Earlobes, Really? Aside from dangling from the apparatus that captures sounds from the air, the human earlobe contributes to the aesthetics of the face, is an erogenous zone, and is the foundation for hanging pretty ornaments.
Why You Should Just Say No To Blowouts Repeat after me
Wisconsin Entrepreneur Makes All-Natural Beauty Products That Kick Butt Someone needs to tell Caitlin Brotz that she could get a lot more than $12 for the anti-aging face serum she developed from pomegranate, blackberry and carrot seed oil.
Winona Ryder's '90s Goth Style...And How To Get It (PHOTOS) In related news, did you know that because of her short hairstyle, Winona was often mistaken for a boy back in middle school
'Tomboy Style' Features Marlene Dietrich, Lauren Hutton, Alexa Chung And More Style Icons (PHOTOS) Some girls favor full skirts and applique embellishments, while others prefer a more masculine look that says, \I'm not following
Bill Cunningham Dazzles at Carnegie Hall Medal of Excellence Gala The invitation read \Come Dressed for Bill.\ And, boy, did they.
Beauty Street Style In our series FaceTime, we find inspiring girls around New York City and get the secrets to their look. This week we met
One Great Eco-Outfit, Head to Toe, for Him and Her Got nothing green to wear? Let's fix that.
Kristen Wiig Goes For Serious Style In Stella McCartney WHAT
All You Need To Transition Into Spring From Kailani's Korner
Style Swap This week our style guinea pigs were Stylelist Senior Editor Brie Dyas and Associate Editor Sarah St. Lifer. Brie's style
How To Wear A Denim Vest From Karla's Closet
Kate Upton In Louboutin Heels Watch the clip above to see Kate's huge heels and don't miss the creepy sportscaster -- you'll know the one. Kate Upton's
Ray-Ban's 'Never Hide' Campaign Features Gay Male Couple For First Time (PHOTO) Take a look at LGBT-themed advertisements, many of which were originally banned, below
Betsey Johnson Bankruptcy She also, as it was recently reported, has a reality show in the pipeline. Will the plot of the TV show include the Chapter
Celebrity Shoes Quiz Photos
Q10 With Jamie Hartman This week I had the wonderful opportunity to interview British singer and songwriter Jamie Hartman. Aside from being wildly talented, his list of accomplishments are quite impressive.
Michelle Obama Take Your Child To Work Day 2012 On to the interrogation
Kate Middleton's Rebecca Taylor Jacket Sells Out In 30 Minutes (PHOTOS) Yesterday William and Catherine, who were only recently reunited after William's deployment to the Falkland Islands, also
Betsey Johnson Bankruptcy Betsey Johnson LLC is filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy, reports Women's Wear Daily. UPDATE
Why I Love Getting Salon Blowouts While some might not love blowouts, I look forward to my few days of post-haircut glory.
Italian Style, Aurora Sansone From Couture et Cuisine
Puppy Love New sites such as MatchPuppy.com and SpotWag can help man's best friend find love and happiness on the Internet. Shouldn't our devoted four-legged friends have an opportunity to find love online?
Jessica Alba's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) Jessica Alba is one of those movie stars who seems to have it all. Known for roles in \Honey,\ \Sin City,\ \Fantastic Four
Beyonce See some candid pics of Bey-Z! \I committed to the end and wore my kitten heels\ to the hospital, Beyonce says in People's
Why Rose Gold Is All The Rage For Spring (PHOTOS) The elements of rose gold are a match made in heaven for spring 2012 accessories -- a pastel hue paired with a subtle metallic
Nancy Wilson's Feminine Rocker Style...And How to Get It (PHOTOS) Getty Images Shop the look and check out more from our A Look Back archives
How To Get Flat Iron Waves In Under 2 Minutes (VIDEO) Check out the video on how to get our favorite new wavy style, then flip through a roundup of stars with \bent waves.\ Want
The Bad Celebrity Makeup Trend That's Easy To Avoid (VIDEO, PHOTOS) Whenever I flip through old issues of Essence, Ebony or Jet magazine, I can't help but notice the striking cheekbones of
Why Coach Bags Are Worth A Second Look (PHOTOS) Over the years the company has expanded from a small family business founded in 1941 (and owned by Sara Lee!) to a multinational
Taylor Swift Doesn't Overdo The 'America' Look WHAT
Obama, Jimmy Fallon Visit UNC, Talk The President's Thrift-Shopping Past (VIDEO) Alas, Jimmy failed to follow up with our burning fashion questions. He did, however, discuss home decor with the president
Celebrity Jeans As I type this, I am wearing a pair of on-trend mid-rise skinny jeans, but that doesn't mean my denim choices have always
The Modern Way To Wear A Full Skirt (PHOTOS) This spring trend is an easy alternative to the usual warm weather, thigh-bearing bottoms. Take a look through the gallery
Tibi Designer Amy Smilovic On Designing Without Formal Training, Casual Fridays And...Camel Toe? The turning point came in 1998 when both Scoop and Fred Segal picked up the line; their orders went through the roof. But
How To Wear A House Robe From Beckerman Bite Plate
I Chopped Off All My Hair (PHOTOS) AFTER Photo by Raydene Salinas My shameful secret brought to light. Remember how you used to argue with the other girls in
Top 5 Must-Have Spring Shoes From A New Mode
Dear Victoria's Secret When I stepped into your store a few weeks ago, I was bewildered.  Everything from the ceilings to the panty drawers was ruched, ruffled, rhinestoned and in some dreadful cases, all three.
Jaclyn Johnson, 'Some Notes On Napkins' Blogger, On How To Throw An Amazing Party (PHOTOS) Which beauty products can you not live without? My momma always said, \Moisturize! Moisturize! Moisturize!\ So I moisturize
Gisele Bundchen In New Lingerie Ad; Model Talks Earth Day (VIDEO) Gisele Bundchen has a new sexy pursuit
Lauren Conrad Pink Hair Is Our Favorite Neon Trend Yet (PHOTOS, POLL) Check out Lauren's new look -- her brightest yet! -- and tell us
Nerd Prom There are a few notable fashion leaders but in D.C. it tends to be who you know -- not who you are wearing.
Duck Fashion Show Watch above for highlights, and see the runway video below! We just pity the poor people who had to wrangle ducks into satin
Tyra Banks Fires 'America's Next Top Model' Judges \They'll still be there because my partner Ken Mok and I, we have projects that we're developing, and we're a family,\ she
Celebrity Jeans As I type this, I am wearing a pair of on-trend mid-rise skinny jeans, but that doesn't mean my denim choices have always
Trip Notes I really do believe travel is beneficial, even critical, to growth, both personally and professionally. It is essential to stay inspired, grow the brand, and to explore new projects that both excite me and keep my creative wheels turning.
Corri McFadden From \House Of Consignment\ On How To Get The Most Money From Your Old Clothes 4. Make sure all of your hangers are the same and all of the components of a particular piece are together
Fashion Trivia Quiz Do you know which supermodel's daughter landed a Bottega Veneta fragrance campaign? Or who designed Halle Berry's famous
Colorful Vintage Finds From Positive Greater Than Negative
Street Style, Carola At Off Broadway Boutique From Advanced Style
Blue And Pink Hair From Color Makes All The Difference
Christina Hendricks, Zooey Deschanel and 10 More Stars In Vintage Music Videos Wasting some time on YouTube this weekend, we discovered a trove of music videos from back in the day starring some pretty
Shorts At Work Are No Longer A No-No (PHOTOS) Here at Stylelist we love a suit. It's such an interesting choice (ooh, Bianca Jagger!), totally opposite to the usual starlet
France Gall's 'Lolita' Look... And How To Get It (PHOTOS) Aeropostale Necklace, Forever 21 Dress, American Apparel Watch, Trotters Women's Doreen Pump, Aqua Net Hair Spray Want more
Jeremy Scott USA Sunglasses I'm sort of like Diddy when it comes to sunglasses. Come rain or shine, you can catch me wearing a pair of dark sunnies. While
Underwear That is Comfortable And Flattering? Yes, It's Possible (PHOTOS) Complete rules and regulations here. As women, every part of our outfit should make us feel great. Whether it's our skirt
'RuPaul's Drag Race' Season Finale Did RuPaul do the right thing by postponing the decision? Who do you want to win? TV Replay scours the vast television landscape
Sarah Jessica Parker At The Carnegie Hall Medal Of Excellence Gala PHOTOS
Sonia Rykiel Parkinson's Disease Revealed In New Book, 'N'oubliez Pas Que Je Joue' (PHOTOS) In the new tome, the 81-year-old designer writes, \I don\u2019t want to show my pain. I resisted, I hesitated, I tried to be invisible
Dakota Johnson, Melanie Griffith's Daughter, Stars In Oliver Peoples New Campaign (PHOTOS) With her blonde hair and gorgeous features, Dakota is a dead ringer for her famous mum. Is she also fashion's next big thing
Kate Middleton & Irina Shayk If Irina is aiming for a more proper look, than there's no better fashion example than the ever-elegant duchess. Then again
Talkin 'Bout My Jeaneration The fact remains that people have a deep, meaningful, even conjugal, relationship with their jeans. A favorite pair of jeans might be harder to part with than (perhaps) a loved one.
Mischa Barton Strips In Noel Gallagher's New Music Video (PHOTOS) But at least the stripping is equal-opportunity
Sonia Rykiel Parkinson's Disease Revealed In New Book, 'N'oubliez Pas Que Je Joue' (PHOTOS) In the new tome, the 81-year-old designer writes, \I don't want to show my pain. I resisted, I hesitated, I tried to be invisible
Dakota Johnson, Melanie Griffith's Daughter, Stars In Oliver Peoples New Campaign (PHOTOS) With her blonde hair and gorgeous features, Dakota is a dead ringer for her famous mum. Is she also fashion's next big thing
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) No time to page through thousands of eBay listings? Then just sneak a peek at my weekly eBay roundup of top vintage clothing finds.
House Tour While we adore the stylings of our Blogger Network, we truly enjoy the tiny glimpses they give us beyond what's inside their
Calista Flockhart's '90s Corporate Style Azzedine Ala\u00efa Vintage Jacket, Old Navy Tee, Kenneth Cole Tote, Jil Sander Pants, Repetto Michael Loafer Want more? Be sure
Beauty Street Style In related news, do you believe that drinking tea can help hair growth? Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter
Coachella Fashion 2012 For the first year, California's famous music fest Coachella took place over two consecutive weekends -- giving us even more
Natalia Vodianova London's much-hyped Vogue Festival came and went this weekend, with celebs, designers and models treating an eager British
Abbey Lee Kershaw Movie Debut On The Way (PHOTOS) Australia's Telegraph reports that Abbey Lee Kershaw has signed on for her first on-screen role for \Mad Max 4,\ the next
Alessandra Ambrosio Poses Nude & Pregnant For Vivara Jewelry Ad (PHOTO) Some celebs who posed nude on magazine covers while pregnant
Veroniek For 'Harper's Bazaar Singapore' Looks Like A Kim Kardashian Barbie (PHOTO) PHOTO
Harper Beckham Converse Sneakers Are Adorable, So Un-Posh Like (PHOTOS) Luckily Harper Beckham has been able to wear some relaxing clothes while her posh mommy totes her all over China. The mother
The 7 Most Flattering Swimsuits For Women In related news, take a peek at the 50 best celebrity bikini bodies. GoRunway/Art by Bobby Doherty Want more? Be sure to
Sean Penn, Petra Nemcova Dating? Model & Actor Reportedly Reunite But it's not the first time he's hooked up with Nemcova. The pair dated briefly in 2008 during Penn's on-again, off-again
Dancing With The Stars' Cheryl Burke Talks Spray Tanning With Allure (PHOTOS) Allure magazine recently sat down with Cheryl Burke from \Dancing With The Stars\. Burke said spray tanning doesn't just
Dita Von Teese In A Colorful Jumpsuit Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Fame Shop a similar look below and check out
This Week on Etsy We're obsessed with using Etsy to fill our gift giving needs. Buying unique presents directly from a worldwide marketplace of artisans and collectors allows us to skip the ho-hum box stores and avoid paying middleman mark-ups.
How To Wear Wide-Leg Pants From Keiko Lynn
Cute Kate Spade Clutches From Ramshackle Glam
Claire Geist's Playlist From De Lune
One Month, Six Pieces of Clothing For the next month, I vowed to wear six items of \essential\ clothing only, take photos of myself each day to push myself to style each outfit differently and document my feelings.
Mad Men Season 5, Episode 6 Style Recap But the good news? She wasn't dressed like Don, at least. Peggy has been having a wardrobe identity crisis since the beginning
My Hot Babe Makeover After a few painless hours, I was handed a mirror. My yellowish teeth from drinking French espresso every morning of my life suddenly disappeared, and in their place were white veneers covering my teeth, that were straightened to perfection.
Dewar's Scotch Whisky Honors Dynamic \Double Act\ Behind Rag & Bone Tonight, Dewar's will celebrate the Boston store opening\u00a0of Rag & Bone with Marcus Wainwright and David Neville -- two designers who have come together to create an amazing fashion brand.
The 80s Fashion Staple That Will Take Inches Off Your Waist, Made Modern (PHOTOS) Strong shoulders started coming back in 2001, thanks to Tom Ford. Then at the helm of Yves Saint Laurent and Gucci, Ford
Hot High Heels Recently I caught myself admiring the put-together look of a fellow editor while we were at lunch. Her look was simple -- tailored
DIY Nail Art Follow these steps to get this manicure
DIY Nail Ideas On the weekends, we Stylelist editors and Blogger Network members take advantage of some much-needed down time to prettify
This Week In Beauty We spend lots of time focusing on what stars wear, but what about what they put on their faces? Although makeup may not seem
Marisa Tomei Does Grown-Up Florals In A Preen Dress WHAT
Abbey Lee Kershaw Movie Debut On The Way (PHOTOS) \Obviously it's set in a post-apocalyptic world, and women, especially beautiful women, are scarce, so men have been locking
Valeria Lukyanova Is A Real-Life Barbie Doll (PHOTOS, VIDEOS) Meet Valeria Lukyanova, a 21-year-old Ukrainian model who has made herself up into a real-life Barbie. Thanks to Jezebel
Valeria Lukyanova Is A Real-Life Barbie Doll (VIDEOS) Lukyanova's got the long, straight blonde hair, the flawless ivory skin, the wide-eyed look and the heart-shaped mouth. Even
Jennifer Connelly Blonde For New Movie, 'Virginia' (WATCH) So we were shocked when we watched the actress' most recent trailer, for her upcoming film \Virginia.\ In it Connelly plays
Cybill Shepherd's Polka-Dot Tie, 1971 Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Black And White Polka Dot Silk Tie, Alexander
American Idol Though the \Then\ songs this week were by Marvin Gaye, Otis Redding, etc., I wanted to keep the singers' looks fresh and modern. Loved the fashion? You're in the right place!
William & Kate Running The London Marathon? (VIDEO) The Duchess of Cambridge may have to strap on her sneakers yet again -- Catherine and her prince may be running the London
Jennifer Connelly Blonde For New Movie, 'Virginia' (WATCH) So we were shocked when we watched the actress' most recent trailer, for her upcoming film \Virginia.\ In it Connelly plays
'So You Think You Can Dance' Host Cat Deeley Has Major Style (PHOTOS) From Refinery29
Earth Day 2012 Happy Earth Day! (You did remember that today's Earth Day, didn't you?) As a way to celebrate this tree-huggy day, we decided
Monica Bellucci Stuns In Her Red Hot Dress PIERRE GUILLAUD/AFP/Getty Images \A Look Back\ is a daily column that highlights a moment from fashion's fabulous past. Today's
Brooklyn Decker Makes Casual Cute In A T-Shirt And Sneakers WHERE
Queen Elizabeth II Birthday In celebration on Saturday, Britain's Royal Navy fired a 21-gun salute. But the queen gets two birthdays every year
Gisele B\u00fcndchen's 5-Year-Old Niece From The Daily Beast
Fashionably Late Style Quiz So, you think you're a real fashionista, hm? You pay attention to all the happenings in the style world, do you? Well, then
Earth Day 2012 Sunday is Earth Day 2012, and while several fashionistas will be focusing on ways to decrease carbon footprints and incorporate
Prom Updos One of my fondest memories from senior prom is getting ready with my girls. We took turns doing each other's makeup, hair
Jennifer Lopez, Justin Timberlake And 83 Other Celebs Before They Were Stylish (PHOTOS) While putting together one of our countless Style Evolutions, we came to a sudden realization
Andie MacDowell's Style Evolution Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Andie Macdowell is one of those rare forms
The 5 Pinterest Accounts That Are Changing How We See Style Lulu Frost
Rihanna, Katy Perry And 21 More Worst-Dressed Celebrities Of The Week (PHOTOS) Here at Stylelist, we embrace all styles -- but there are always a few that raise our eyebrows. This week we saw celebrities
Beyonce, Gwen Stefani And 14 More Best-Dressed Celebrities Of The Week (PHOTOS) Our best-dressed list runs the gamut this week. We saw a mix of different ages and silhouettes, and stars who took chances
Behind the Scenes With the Trump Family For those of you who are forever wondering, I can genuinely report that I have had nothing but a positive experience working for the Trumps.
'America's Next Top Model' Fires Nigel Barker, Jay Manuel & J. Alexander While you ponder the idea of \Top Model\ without Miss J's legs, Jay's spiky gray hair and Nigel's general attractiveness
Heidi Klum 1992 Pic Reveals Model's Brown Hair (PHOTO) Check out her pic -- do you recognize the model? Considering Heidi often appears, well, perfect, it's nice to see she had
Madonna's Daughter, Lourdes, Shares Her Wardrobe With Her Mom (PHOTOS) Madonna is making headlines recently not only for her latest album and controversial perfume ad, but for her parenting. She
420 Day April 20 is upon us again, and the 420 day fashions have not changed. We're talking about the hemp wear pieces, which we
Valerie Bertinelli's Style Evolution After filing for divorce in 2005, the petite brunette got serious about her appearance, lost over 40 pounds (see the \after
Summer Hair Trends Hats off to the Stylelist Blogger Network for, yet again, putting their personal spin on a wardrobe classic. We already saw
Athletic-Inspired Attire From Beckerman Bite Plate
Street Style Looks From Stockholm From Anda & Masha
What To Pack For Your Summer Vacation From Because I'm Addicted
Why Haven't I Thought of That?! When you get your next sudden flash of idea, don't diminish it by letting your fear take over. Take the next step and let someone else ask themselves, \Why haven't they thought of this before?\
Emma Roberts 'Chicken Cutlets' Check out the photos below, and view more pics of Emma at X17online.com. The 21-year-old actress and girlfriend of \Glee
Judy Garland's Floral Style...And How to Get It Ungaro Vintage Dress, Essie Nail Polish in Orange, It's Obvious, Merona Pumps, Sephora Creme Lipstick in Tangerine Tango
Karlie Kloss Gets Animated In Miu Miu Fall 2012 (FASHGIF) Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. We've teamed up with Greta Larkins, the genius
Taylor Schilling, 'The Lucky One' Star Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. WHAT
ASCAP Pop Music Awards Honors Carly Simon, Peter Frampton, Trent Reznor For the writers being honored at the Awards ceremony, it was night of joy and excitement at the Renaissance Hotel in Hollywood.
Agnetha F\u00e4ltskog's '70s Style...And How to Get The ABBA Singer's Look \A Look Back\ is a daily column that highlights a moment from fashion's fabulous past. Today's pick is of Agnetha F\u00e4ltskog
Fashion and Film at the TCM Film Festival Last week I attended the Turner Classic Movie (TCM)  festival in Los Angeles.  Several fashion and costume designers, including Barbara Tfank and Janie Bryant, have commented on the role fashion plays in film.
Beauty Street Style In our series FaceTime, we find inspiring girls around New York City and get the secrets to their look. This week we met
Kate Hudson's Style Evolution In related news, remember when Hudson ditched her signature blonde locks for a redhead style? Have something to say? Be sure
'Japanese Street Style' British photographer Pat Lyttle, who has been studying Japanese style for over a decade, traveled around the country shooting
QUIZ Whether full or thin, covered in dark lipstick or simply nude, there aren't many facial features that stand out quite like
Miranda Kerr's Style Evolution To celebrate Kerr's 29th birthday on April 20th, take a look back at her style, both on and off the runway. Which look do
Carmen Electra's Style Evolution However, Electra's career went full throttle after posing nude for Playboy's May 1996 issue, landing the role of lifeguard
Sugar Cookie Recipe From Homerun Ballerina
Mordekai's New Crown Collection From Smoke And Mirrors
Light Jewelry For The Summer Months That Won't Make You Sweat (PHOTOS) You know that feeling when it's so hot that you're sweating underneath your amazing vintage cuff bracelet? Yeah, we hate
Emily Blunt Alas when you look closely, those beaded green petals appear to be blooming flowers, a much more conventional dress pattern
Jenna Marbles' Drunk Makeup Tutorial (VIDEO) \u201cDon\u2019t forget to put that ho gloss over it.\u201d \u201cStand by things that are white, because it makes you look less white.\u201d \u201cIf
Zac Posen Like we said, super cute -- almost as cute as the pieces in his new Z Spoke line. Check out pics from Wednesday's event, including
Madonna's Daughter, Lourdes, Share Her Wardrobe With Her Mom (PHOTOS) Madonna is making headlines recently not only for her latest album and controversial perfume ad, but for her parenting. She
Mila Kunis Without Makeup! (PHOTOS) Check out pics below! See some more celebs without makeup below! PHOTOS
Katy Perry Wardrobe Malfunction The dress itself was tasteful and elegant. Katy's wandering strap, however, just left us nervous. From the runway pic (below
Jeremy Scott Pop Up Shop From Crimes of Fashion
Pantone French Roast #19-1012, The Color That Flatters Everyone (PHOTOS) GoRunway/Getty, Art by Bobby Doherty This week we're loving French Roast -- a blend of chocolate-y brown tones. The shade
Diane Von Furstenberg At The 2012 Tribeca Film Festival Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. WHO
Promise Phan, Amazing Makeup Artist, Transforms Herself Into Celebrities On YouTube (PHOTOS) Most of us use makeup to highlight our best features. Promise Tamang Phan can use it to transform herself into a whole different
Emily Blunt Because while we're fairly sure it wasn't intentional, \The Five Year Engagement\ actress was sporting a frock covered in
Promise Phan, Amazing Makeup Artist, Transforms Herself Into Celebrities On YouTube (PHOTOS) Most of us use makeup to highlight our best features. Promise Tamang Phan can use it to transform herself into a whole different
Katy Perry Wardrobe Malfunction The dress itself was tasteful and elegant. Katy's wandering strap, however, just left us nervous. From the runway pic (below
Zac Posen HuffPost
Target Photoshop Fail UPDATE 6:15 p.m.
Our Image of Body Image Do we really believe our young girls are capable of processing the information they get handed on a moment to moment basis, every day, to know that these cut and photo-shopped actresses don't exist? Don't we owe them a chance? It's out of control.
Condoleezza Rice As Mitt Romney's 2012 Vice President Pick? What We Could Expect Of Her VP Style (PHOTOS) Also, since she attended a lot of galas during her time at the White House, we've seen Rice in a host of eveningwear in shades
Color Eyeliner How-To Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, and Pinterest. Opposites attract When choosing
Ivanka Trump Check out Ivanka's repeat below! Later, Trump and her husband Jared Kushner hit the Vanity Fair Tribeca Film Festival Party
The U.S. Welcomes SoFi The more universities will participate, the bigger the chance for many students to pay for their studies without burdening their families.
Emma Watson's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) In celebration of Watson's 22th birthday on April 15th, we're taking a look back at the actress' style. Vote on all of her
Summer Sandals Now that our boots are in storage (we hope!), flat sandals are on our mind. Whether it's J.Crew leather flip-flops or bejeweled
American Idol 
The Power of a Belt -- Redhead-Style A must-have this spring/summer is a fitted belt. This one accessory can really pull together any outfit, whether going out on the town or staying casual during a hot afternoon.
Pippa Middleton Butt To be fair, the \Crazy About Pippa\ TV movie focused on her persona as a whole. (We're sure she's got a great personality
Rashida Jones' 'Today' Show Shorts WHO
Carrie Underwood Does Her Own Hair, Sleeps In Strange Places (PHOTOS) \My job is a weird job. I live a strange life,\ Carrie Underwood admitted when I met up with her recently in New York. It's
Vanity Fair Tribeca Film Festival Party Brings The Celebs Out Of Hiding (PHOTOS) Who had the best look of the night? Vote below. The unconventional setting made for a strange backdrop, with celebs posing
Suri Cruise's Birthday Boy, how time flies! It seems like just yesterday that Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes showed off their baby girl on the cover
Heidi Klum, Thomas Hayo Dating? (PHOTO) As host of the show, Heidi has known Thomas for years. But now with Seal gone and that ring off her finger, Heidi and Thomas
Ivanka Trump See Ivanka's style evolve over the years! Check out Ivanka's repeat below! We'll add Ivanka's Herrera dress to the double
Carolina Herrera Debuts Her First Bridal Pantsuit (VIDEO, POLL) \I think it's totally fun because it's different from what you're expecting a bride to wear,\ Herrera explains in the above
Jenny Lewis' Brat Pack Style...And How To Get It \A Look Back\ is a daily column that highlights a moment from fashion's fabulous past. Today's pick is of Jenny Lewis in
Hot Pants Getty/GoRunway, Art by Bobby Doherty 2. Cover up your top half with a sharp blazer. There is such a thing as showing too
Dear Hollywood, Please Lay Off The Post-Baby Body Judgments (PHOTOS) When I left the hospital after my first child was born, I still looked six months pregnant -- which is totally normal. Today I am asking you to please lay off the \post-baby body\ judgments because reading about Heidi Klum in her size 2 jeans just weeks after the birth of her child doesn't do much to strengthen the bonds of female solidarity.
Mad Men Season 5, Episode 5 Style Recap Pete Campbell is like an alien from the planet WASP, who was then kept in a sensory-deprivation tank at Brooks Brothers until he reached maturity.
Heidi Klum Naked PHOTOS
Ashley Greene On The Importance Of No Makeup And Crunchy Teenage Hair (PHOTOS) But like the rest of us, she's had some regrettable hair moments My hair's been every color under the sun, and some are good
Kourtney Kardashian's Beauty Evolution (PHOTOS) While Kourtney's introduction to reality TV was on the Joe Simpson-created show \Filthy Rich
Camilla Belle Rocks Coachella In Armani Exchange Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Shop a similar ensemble below and check out
J. Crew x CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund Collaboration Is On Its Way (PHOTOS) Below, three Voguettes have styled themselves in some J. Crew x CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund pieces. Head to Vogue.com to see
Trench Coats For Springish Weather Pop icon Rihanna recently went out in Australia wearing a camel trench coat with strappy red heels that left little to the
How To Wear Fall Colors For Spring (PHOTOS) Upon the start of your closet clean-out for spring, you may notice an all-too familiar theme in there -- pretty pastels, nudes
Elizabeth Olsen's Fluttery Valentino Gown One outfit caught our eye in particular
Alexa Chung Instagram Photo Raises Protests Over 'Thinspo' (PHOTO, POLL) Alexa Chung deleted a photo of herself from her Instagram after fans protested that the model looked too skinny in it and
Duda Bundchen, Gisele Bundchen's Niece, Designs Clothing Line (VIDEO) Which means... ? Well, in short, total adorableness
The History of Paris Ready-to-Wear A new style of ladies clothes was born called \Pret a Porter\.
Alexa Chung Instagram Photo Raises Protests Over 'Thinspo' (PHOTO, POLL) \Hi, I am here. I can read. Ok everyone thanks for the teen angst discussions. People are different sizes. I'm not trying
Tribeca Ball 2012 Brought Out Some Strange Style (PHOTOS) The Tribeca Ball is one of the biggest parties of the year, bringing out guests a mix of celebs, fashion people and art types
Duda Bundchen, Gisele's Niece, Designs Clothing Line (VIDEO) You may recognize little Duda's last name -- the most famous Bundchen, Gisele, is her aunt. But Forbes reports that Duda's
Elizabeth Olsen's Fluttery Valentino Gown Socialites went belly-up to the table at the 2012 Grand Chefs Dinner at Gotham Hall on Monday night, where dinner cost $1,500
J. Crew x CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund Collaboration Is On Its Way (PHOTOS) Below, three Voguettes have styled themselves in some J. Crew x CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund pieces. Head to Vogue.com to see
Mena Suvari Butt Exposed In Sheer Dress? (PHOTOS) Mena Suvari stepped out on Monday night, all dolled up for a screening of \American Reunion\ in London. But when the star
Rachel Zoe Talks Troubled Teen Years, Disses Brad In 'LA Confidential' (PHOTOS) \u201cNo, no,\u201d she says with an arch chuckle. \u201cI don\u2019t think I can watch that.\u201d But first, check out the cover below, and watch
Maria Sharapova Hair UPDATE
Rachel Zoe Talks Troubled Teen Years, Disses Brad In 'LA Confidential' (PHOTOS) Zoe, now 41, has bounced back from the naysayers of her youth, amassing a flourishing styling business, nurturing a lifestyle
Maria Sharapova Hair Old Maria
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) No time to page through thousands of eBay listings? Then just sneak a peek at my weekly eBay roundup of top vintage clothing finds.
Clothes That Do Double Duty I am constantly banging on about this recession. Heck, even my three-year-old son knows it's a \resheshon.\ Limited funds
Olivia De Havilland Riding In Style American Apparel Silk Dress, Topshop Scarf, J. Crew Edie Purse, BC Footwear Pump, Huffy Cruiser Bike \A Look Back\ is a daily
Tommy Hilfiger Wears Odd Striped Pants To Japan Store Opening (PHOTO, POLL) Alba looked glowing in a menswear tux paired with black heels, but we're a little more perplexed by the 61-year-old fashion
Michelle Obama Prom Photo Shows FLOTUS With Super High Slit (VIDEO) This will come as a surprise to approximately no one, but Michelle Obama was a total babe in high school. Proof? Her prom
Hillary Clinton Drinks Beer, Dances, Meets First Lady Of Colombia (PHOTOS) Check out pics of Hillary cutting loose in Colombia below! Hillary Clinton is riding a brand new image wave lately. It started
Beyonce Wears Wild Pants For A Cozy Sunday With Jay-Z (PHOTOS) If Beyonce is trying to disguise herself with those dark sunglasses and hat, she may want to rethink her bottoms. Never one
'Vogue Paris' Website Debuts In English -- Here Are 5 Reasons To Log On (PHOTO) Int\u00e9ress\u00e9? Explore the new site at En.Vogue.fr and send a big \Merci beaucoup!\ Emanuelle Alt's way. Vogue Paris goes head
Meet The World's Oldest Supermodel, 83-Year-Old Daphne Selfe Elle Macpherson, eat your heart out! British beauty Daphne Selfe, 83, is still walking catwalks, starring in campaigns \u2014 and
The Fashion Whip To that end, Fashion Whip has three wishes we'd love to see granted by Ann Romney. While this may sound trivial, the fact
Vintage Shopping Tips From Blogger Sammy Davis (PHOTOS) Where are your favorite vintage spots? A Little Wicked in NYC's Lower East Side neighborhood -- I manage the boutique full
Victoria Beckham's Style Evolution Victoria Beckham has come quite a long way since joining the Spice Girls in 1994. Since then, the Brit mother of four moved
'Vogue Paris' Website Debuts In English -- Here Are 5 Reasons To Log On (PHOTO) 3. The \Live\ feed Int\u00e9ress\u00e9? Explore the new site at En.Vogue.fr and send a big \Merci beaucoup!\ Emanuelle Alt's way. 2
Karlie Kloss, Sam Bradford Dating? (PHOTOS) Plus, while we've already developed a full-blown crush on Karlie, it turns out Sam's quite the heartthrob as well
Michelle Obama Prom Photo Shows FLOTUS With Super High Slit (VIDEO) Her date's mustache, on the other hand, might stick out as a bit retro. Check it out in the hilarious video above. \That
Tommy Hilfiger Wears Odd Striped Pants To Japan Store Opening (PHOTO, POLL) Check out Tommy's unique pants below and weigh in
Kendall Jenner Bikini Shoot Alas, Kendall Jenner seems to have gotten a decent dose of The Photoshop in her most recent bikini shoot for Flavor Magazine
Kendall Jenner Bikini Shoot PHOTOS
What The Stylelist Staff Bought This Weekend On the weekends, we Stylelist editors and Blogger Network members practice what we preach, which entails scouring flea markets
DIY Nail Art What do you think of this champagne and caviar-influenced manicure? Would you wear it? Tell us your thoughts in the comments
Coachella 2012 Every year in early April, crowds of fans and famous people alike hit the California desert for the Coachella Music Festival
Karlie Kloss, Sam Bradford Dating? (PHOTOS) Well here's a match made in all-American Heaven
Cameron Diaz 'InStyle' Cover Features The Actress In Couture (PHOTOS) While we're still not keen on the actress' short hair, she looks lovely in Valentino on the cover and a dramatic lime-green
Carole Radziwill Dons Sheer Dress At TV Land Awards (PHOTOS, POLL) Which makes Carole royalty, either by inheriting her in-laws' titles or marrying into American Royalty
Pippa Middleton Paris Trip Involves Funny Costumes & Convertibles (PHOTOS) We're not exactly sure what the theme of the evening was, but Pippa wore a metallic, gold-and-pink minidress with puffy sleeves
Evolve or Die Fashion magazines had a rough 2011. To make a long story short, all major magazine sales were down. It seems as though a quality and content overhaul are necessary in order for these zines to thrive again in our modern day world of media.
This Week In Beauty We spend lots of time focusing on what stars wear, but what about what they put on their faces? Although makeup may not seem
Cameron Diaz 'InStyle' Cover Features The Actress In Couture (PHOTOS) It's all finally making sense. Cameron Diaz caught us off-guard when she took Paris' Couture Week by storm, attending shows
Carole Radziwill Dons Sheer Dress At TV Land Awards (PHOTOS, POLL) Not every 48-year-old could get away with wearing a totally sheer dress with nothing but a bra and boy-shirts underneath
Charlotte Rampling's Dark Blouse, 1970s Shop the look and check out more from our A Look Back archives
Gabrielle Union In A Pretty Pink Jacket WHERE
Short Hair Styling Ideas From BellaSugar
Leelee Sobieski In Jil Sander WHERE
Gwyneth Paltrow, Zooey Deschanel & More Hit The 'My Valentine' Premiere (PHOTOS) Sir Paul premiered his new video \My Valentine,\ which stars Johnny Depp and Natalie Portman, last night, and as it turns
Fashionably Late Welcome to Fashionably Late, where we round up the style scraps that didn't make it to our news page this week. Click through
Essie Bridal Nail Polish Colors From Refinery29
Abigail Breslin's Style Evolution Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, and Pinterest. Breslin has been equally as endearing
Penelope Cruz Covers Harper's Bazaar May 2012, Reveals Fashion Obsession (PHOTOS) See Penelope's style evolution! But breathing and snacking aside, Cruz is pretty comfortable in high fashion, telling Bazaar
Liv Tyler Rocks Disco Shorts Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Frank & Eileen Shirt, Charno's Hosiery, Dr
Emma Watson's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) In celebration of Watson's 22th birthday on April 15th, we're taking a look back at the actress' style. Vote on all of her
5 Pinterest Accounts That Are Changing How We See Style Karen Robinovitz
Platform Heels For Spring Kate Moss once said, \If I'm going dancing, then I wear the highest heels with the shortest dress,\ and while I agree with
Fendi Fall 2012 For previous Fashion Gifs, take a peek in our gallery below
Saving Face A phenomenon already reported about, yet, as it often happens with human tragedies, an issue discussed at the time controversy arises, and then forgotten, while these women are left alone with their grief, disfigured and abandoned.
Solange Knowles On Her Mommy Style And How To Wear Clashing Prints Thursday night, Solange Knowles set a cool vibe as DJ at the opening of Ferragamo's recently re-designed Fifth Avenue boutique
Sarah Michelle Gellar's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) The late '90s were good to actress Sarah Michelle Gellar
Ellen Barkin's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) You may not believe it, but Ellen Barkin actually wanted to teach ancient history before she decided to pursue acting. And
Queen Margrethe II Shows Off Her Costume Designs At 'Wild Swans' Exhibit, Is Our New Hero (PHOTOS) As it turns out, Her Majesty is actually an accomplished painter who shows her artwork regularly under the pseudonym \Ingahild
Brad Pitt, Angelina Jolie Engaged! A Look Back At Their Edgy Style (PHOTOS) Despite their bustling family schedule, Brangelina always cleaned up nicely for the red carpet, from their first appearance
In Defense Of Pantyhose You'd be hard-pressed to find me not wearing pantyhose. Here's three reasons why.
Pantyhose Should Not Make A Comeback, Ever And though there are some benefits to pantyhose (they hide stubble and can smooth your silhouette), they're largely outweighed
Madonna Wears See-Through Dress At Truth Or Dare Fragrance Launch (PHOTOS) After months of some (cheesy?) promotions that included yellow flowers and a blindfold and a very cleavage-y commercial, Truth
Are Some Of The Best Beauty Products Made For Men? (PHOTOS) As ladies, we have a lot to choose from when it comes to beauty. Really too much. With a zillion creams, stylers and products
Iris Apfel In Loads Of Bangles WHO
Finding The Perfect Blazer From Having It All
Would You Wear A Technicolor Coat? From Advanced Style
Last Minute Coachella Packing Tips From The Ray And The Ro
Alessandra Ambrosio Yo Dona Cover PHOTO
A New Breast Implant for Women After years of stagnancy at the FDA in which the newest implants enjoyed by women outside from the U.S. were kept from American women, those needing reconstruction after mastectomy or wanting an augmentation will have more choices.
Caring for the 5 Different Skin Types -- the Redhead Way I am usually asked how natural redheads should care for their sensitive skin. But what many don't realize is that there are many skin types that redheads could potentially have, regardless of it being sensitive or fair.
Salt-n-Pepa Looking Hot, Cool & Vicious Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Shop the look and check out more from our A
Jodi O'Keefe, Actress And Jewelry Designer, Shows Us Her Collection And Incredible Los Angeles Home (PHOTOS) We went back inside and paid a visit to her bedroom. With her original paintings hanging above her bed, the space is more
Trend To Try, Pretty Pleats From A New Mode
New Chanel Bag From Having It All
A Classy Crop Top From Karla's Closet
Nicole Richie, Khloe Kardashian Wear Same Proenza Schouler Sweater Khloe Kardashian and Nicole Richie have a lot in common
Rihanna Channels An Auto Mechanic And 16 Other Style Stumbles This Week (PHOTOS) Reality stars top our worst-dressed list this week, and it makes perfect sense. These ladies love themselves some publicity
Beauty Street Style In our series FaceTime, we find inspiring girls around New York City and dissect their look. This week we met Emily, a writer
Scarlett Johansson's Surprising Neckline And 21 More Style Stunners This Week (PHOTOS) One of the best parts of working for a style site is the constant celebrity eye-candy we get to troll through to bring you
Kate Bosworth In Isabel Marant Sneakers Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Shop a similar ensemble below and check out
'Sabrina the Teenage Witch' Movie Takes Us Down Late-'90s Memory Lane (PHOTOS) Considering how often Sabrina changed clothes (she could, after all, do it by simply pointing at her head) and those costume
Michelle Obama On 'The Colbert Report' Whereas she chose teal for her first \Colbert\ appearance, this past Wednesday night it was a dusty gray dress by Rachel
Wearing Pajamas To Prom The WSJ blames this whole fad on \The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo\
Scarlett Johansson's Odd Neckline At 'Avengers' Premiere While ScarJo definitely looks classy, we're not sure that neckline is the best choice for her. But what do you think? Scope
Wearing Pajamas To Prom Yes, bedtime wear is making a major comeback in the style world, and recently, the Wall Street Journal took a page from Teen
Michelle Obama On 'The Colbert Report' But then, so much hasn't. In 2008, Stephen Colbert opened by telling Mrs. Obama, \You're a very good-looking lady.\ Four
Scarlett Johansson's Odd Neckline At 'Avengers' Premiere The actress and D&G makeup shiller hid her most famous, uh, assets behind a black Versace fall 2012 dress with a trendy peplum
Toni Garrn Is The New Victoria's Secret Angel (PHOTOS) Move over, Adriana, Doutzen, Erin, Lily, Alessandra, Chanel, Behati, Candice, Lindsay and Miranda (whew!)
Shoe Style Guide Cap toe heels always make me think of a headmistress or another similarly stern \Mommy Dearest\ type. Thankfully, Marc Jacobs
Beckerman Sisters' Anniversary Three years ago, three stylish siblings decided they would start chronicling their outfits for the world to see. The result
Pantone Titanium #17-4014 And The Fashion And Beauty Trends That Match (PHOTOS) Below, some of our favorite ways to wear it. In our series, Pantone Color of the Week, we take swatches from the company's
DIY Nail Art Click through the slideshow below for more DIY nail art. As I write this, my desk is covered in pastel nail polishes, including
Nicki Minaj, Lady Gaga, Katy Perry And More Style risks used to be a jaw-dropping display of personal style. Cher in dramatic Bob Mackie at the 1986 Academy Awards and
Yoko Ono As A Blushing Bride Shop the look and check out more from our A Look Back archives
4 Ways To Wear A Brooch (PHOTOS) 3. Blazers and brooches are friends. A fresh way to put some punch into your go-to, tailored black blazer is to add a playful
HuffPost Style's Playlist Fashion-themed music can tend towards the obnoxious
Petra Nemcova, Jamie Belman Split A spokesman for Next Models confirmed to Vogue UK that the couple had split. We're so sad about this split! Check out some
Crystal Renn Blonde Hair Hits The Town (PHOTOS, POLL) See just some of Crystal's modeling work
Last Layered Look From B. Jones Style
Why We Love Wide-Leg Pants From Swank Heights
Anne Hathaway, Emma Watson, Mia Farrow And More Stars With Short Hair (PHOTOS) After seeing Anne Hathaway ditch her long brown locks for her role as Fantine in 'Les Miserables,' we started thinking about
Color-Blocked Wig From Color Makes All The Difference
Madewell Piles Into A Vintage Airstream For A Denim Roadtrip (PHOTOS) Head Designer Kin Ying Lee told us that the idea of a nationwide denim campaign was really to get the jeans into girls' hands
Dark Berry Lips In its latest incarnation, we saw dark glossy lips on the fall runways at Gucci and YSL. And for a while there a blond Rihanna
Dry Scalp Fix One of my best friend's mother believes that vinegar is the absolute cure-all. If me or one of my girls complain about having
Tallulah Willis On What Demi Moore Taught Her About Body Image (VIDEO, PHOTOS) See StyleLikeU's video interview with her sister Scout, along with SLU's interviews with Tavi Gevinson, Ally Hilfiger and
Brooklyn Decker's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, and Pinterest. Flip through our many other Style
American Idol You heard some '80s songs Wednesday night! And you saw neon, fringe, high heels, some sparkle, jackets for the boys, and of course tons of jewelry! Here's what our Top 8 Idol contestants wore this past performance night.
Elizabeth Montgomery's Bewitching Style Shop the look and check out more from our A Look Back archives
Ombre Hair Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, and Pinterest. The good news
Childhood Treasures Inspire Custom-made Jewelry If you're young at heart, CustomMade artisans can take the objects of your youthful devotion (or those of a loved one) and turn them into wonderfully unique and personally meaningful custom jewelry.
Christina Hendricks And Jessica Chastain Inspired Me To Go Red (PHOTOS) Check out my transformation and 41 flame-haired celebrities who served as inspiration. I'm happy with it because honestly
Speaking of Bespoke -- Customized Plastic Surgery The top row of images shows a 3-D CT image of his mandible after the orthognathic surgery and his mandible. Custom-designed
The Travel Channel's \Baggage Battles\ Experts Talk Cookie-Filled Suitcases, Found Rolexes And How To Pack If you're traveling this spring or summer, you might want to take these extra precautions while packing. Otherwise, Sally
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) This week's selections include pieces by Chanel, Galanos, Donna Karan and Courreges. Be sure to check out the YSL floral necklace, the Rudi Gernreich knit dress and the Parisian shawl.
Perms, Unibrows and Nine Other Unexpected Beauty Moments That Totally Inspire Us Slightly quirky, kind of offbeat, not entirely expected, but definitely memorable. This is how we like to consider some of
Adam Levine, Anne V Split Caught The Maroon 5 Singer Off-Guard The whole thing's a bummer, really -- Anne V always looks so bright and cheery and, well, have you met a girl who doesn't
Penelope Cruz Covers Harper's Bazaar May 2012, Reveals Fashion Obsession (PHOTOS) (Such dresses, of course, makes things especially difficult after the party's over. Penelope once told Vogue, \You have to
Lindsay Lohan & Ali Lohan Both Try The Pantsless Look (PHOTOS) See Lindsay Lohan's style evolution! Does a distaste for long hemlines run in the family? Check out the Lohans' no pants
Rick Santorum Exits Race, Takes His Sweater Vests With Him (PHOTOS) But we found the vests, however ridiculous, to be endearing and even admirable -- there is a certain amount of bravery involved
Emily Blunt Backwards Jacket Confuses Us (PHOTOS, POLL) PHOTOS
Cle De Peau Concealer Review From Assignment Fashion
Royal Wedding Guests Then there's British socialite Tara Palmer-Tomkinson, who used to babysit Will and Harry and who reportedly got a nose job
Fashion Trivia Quiz Do you know which model is a twin? Or who invented the mini skirt? Take our quiz below and test your knowledge of fashion
Miranda Kerr Gets Angel Wing Baby Carrier On 'Ellen' (VIDEO) video platformvideo managementvideo solutionsvideo player Well, now we know how Victoria's Secret Angel and Most Beautiful
Zara April 2012 Lookbook Stars Liu Wen & All The Clothes We'll Be Wearing This Summer (PHOTOS) So click away -- will you be rushing to scoop up any of these new looks? (Via Fashionologie) But even better is that it's
Ashley Judd Op-Ed Hits Back At Media Over 'Puffy Face' Accusations We are described and detailed, our faces and bodies analyzed and picked apart, our worth ascertained and ascribed based on
'Girl Model' Documentary Sheds New Light On Underage Modeling Problem (VIDEO, POLL) How young is too young to model? 16? 15? 12? The documentary drops under a media spotlight that's already been exposing the
Clear Shoes, Bags And Accessories That Would Put A Smile On Cinderella's Face (PHOTOS) We all have neutral accessories in our wardrobes -- it's important to have accent pieces that go with everything. But what
Leighton Meester's Style Evolution Meanwhile, bet you wouldn't recognize Leighton in this high school photo. To celebrate Leighton Meester's 26th birthday on
Tara Muscarella, \Fashion Hunters\ Star Shares Her Most Prized Hand-Me-Downs (PHOTOS) When it comes to vintage hand-me-down pieces, Tara Muscarella is kind of an authority on the topic. She's the manager of
Kaela Humphries Models For eloquii, The Limited's Plus Size Line (PHOTOS) That was fast! Just one month after landing a modeling contract with FORD Models\u2019 FORD +, Kaela Humphries is starring in
Anne Hathaway Haircut Is Drastic Change For The 'Les Miserables' Star (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
White House Easter Egg Roll 2012 Brings Out Rainbow Wardrobes (PHOTOS) President Obama, Michelle, Malia, Sasha and a giant white furry bunny kicked off the annual White House Easter Egg Roll this
Raf Simons To Dior Simons' name first entered the rumor ring as a potential replacement for Galliano back in December, when Women's Wear Daily
Raf Simons To Dior Raf Simons is headed to Dior! Horyn had predicted Sanders would get the gig back in August of 2011, and for much of the previous
'CR Fashion Book,' Carine Roitfeld's New Magazine, Delivers 'Creativity,' Sideboob (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Marc Jacobs Birthday Happy birthday to one of our fave designers ever! Happy 49th birthday, Marc Jacobs! Jacobs has had a topsy-turvy year, one
Brooklyn Decker \I have boobs and I talk too much and I smile too much. I\u2019ve never been runway skinny. No one wanted to hire me.\ Since landing
Hillary Clinton's Groovy Pants Getty Images Shop the look and check out more from our A Look Back archives
The Sandal Revolution You may look at it and go, what the heck is that thing? And that is precisely why the fashion community has put their heads together to give this shoe a name. Readers, I'd like to present the newest in hybrid shoe luxury
Q10 With Daniella Helayel Having worked in this dynamic fashion industry all my life, I have seen many so-called fashion icons and trends through the years. The most exciting though of all though, is when a new fashion icon is born.
See What Happens Behind The Scenes In Reykjavik (VIDEO) What do you think makes the Reykjavik Fashion Week different? Tell us in comments section. Moda Operandi's co-founder Aslaug
Anne Hathaway Haircut Is Drastic Change For The 'Les Miserables' Star (PHOTOS) Check out Anne's dramatic new look below -- do you dig the short hair? How do you transform from a healthy, glowing red carpet
White House Easter Egg Roll 2012 Brings Out Rainbow Wardrobes (PHOTOS) President Obama, Michelle, Malia, Sasha and a giant white furry bunny kicked off the annual White House Easter Egg Roll this
Statement Belts The best thing about this accessory is that not only are they are relatively inexpensive, they actually perform a function
Beauty Street Style In our series FaceTime, we find inspiring girls around New York City and dissect their look. This week we met Doretha, whose
Glitter Nails And More Of Our Weekend Manicures (PHOTOS) On the weekends, we Stylelist editors and Blogger Network members take advantage of some much-needed down time to prettify
Kimi Recor Of 'Positive Greater Than Negative' Models Her Vintage Finds (PHOTOS) What are the five essentials in your closet? Heeled combat boots, an over sized T-shirt, vintage Swedish Army jacket, silk
Custom Is the New Black With the Internet and our increasingly globalized society, customers are demanding customization as the standard. Have it your way is no longer just the motto for Burger King -- it's the motto for online commerce.
Rules of Engagement for Home Buyers If you're in the process of looking for a new home, your search will be smoother if you follow these rules of engagement at each open house.
Kim Kardashian Easter Outfit Was Actually Totally Appropriate, Stylish (PHOTOS) Her Louboutins (because let's face it, it ain't a holiday unless Kim's got on her Louboutins) were more demure than usual
'CR Fashion Book,' Carine Roitfeld's New Magazine, Delivers 'Creativity,' Sideboob (PHOTOS) As rumored, CR will be run by the same publishers of the Visionaire magazine family, and 86s any \front of the book,\ containing
Mirror, Mirror One of my first and fondest clothing memories is of a pint-sized accessory
Chloe Sevigny In Louis Vuitton Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. WHERE
TLC Goes Matchy-Matchy \A Look Back\ is a daily column that highlights a moment from fashion's fabulous past. Today's pick is of Tionne \T-Boz\ Watkins
Queen & Royal Family Celebrate Easter At Windsor Castle! (PHOTOS) Also in attendance and out enjoying the sunny weather
'70s-Inspired Look From Something Navy
A Coral Detail From Kailani's Korner
Givenchy Retro Sunglasses From Lulu And Your Mom
Doutzen Kroes, Victoria's Secret Model, Wishes You Happy Easter In Lingerie (VIDEO) WATCH
January Jones Carries Her Favorite Prada Bag WHERE
Claudine Auger, Bond Girl, Wearing Red \A Look Back\ is a daily column that highlights a moment from fashion's fabulous past. Today's pick is of actress Claudine
Fashionably Late Welcome to Fashionably Late, where we round up the style scraps that didn't make it to our news page this week. Click through
Pinterest Cracks Down On Thinspirational Images From The Daily Beast
Affordable Spring Fashion Cynthia Vincent has gone the budget fashion route before with a 2010 shoe collection that was a sell-out at Target. So why partner with QVC on a fashion line, when her clothes are selling for several hundred dollars an item?
Dry Shampoo Is there a major difference between spray and powder dry shampoos? \Both essentially do the same thing
What Is Haute Couture? Perfection extends to every aspect of the Magid Bernard experience. Each completed garment is meticulously packaged and sent
Selena Gomez, Taylor Swift, Jennifer Lopez And More Top Our Best-Dressed List This Week (PHOTOS) The Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards and the 47th Annual Academy of Country Music Awards happened this week, and as with any
Nicki Minaj Wears Wellies On The 'Today' Show, Looks Stunningly Normal (VIDEO) Well, at least we've still got Katy Perry. And yet Matt Lauer still found the outfit rather shocking (has he never seen Nicki
Pretty In Purple For Spring From What I Wore
Ren\u00e9e Zellweger Covers Harper's Bazaar Russia (PHOTO) Wondering what Ren\u00e9e Zellweger has been up to lately? Check out Ren\u00e9e's latest shoot... have you missed the cover star? PHOTO
Kelly Osbourne NewNowNext Awards Gig Requires 7 Different Outfits (PHOTOS) But Kelly Osbourne truly stepped up to the plate as host of the NewNowNext Awards, held by Logo on Thursday night. Serving
Floral Prints For Spring Remember in \The Devil Wears Prada\ when Miranda Priestly (played by the iconic Meryl Streep) exclaims, \Florals? For spring
Victoria Beckham Harper's Bazaar China Cover Is Intimidating Us (PHOTOS, POLL) We barely recognized Posh Spice at first... and we're not entirely sure we like it that way. Victoria's April cover for Harper's
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) This eclectic mix of designer and non-designer vintage clothing and accessories caught my discerning eye because of its uniqueness, contemporary feel and highly collectible nature.
Marc Jacobs Dot Will Smell Like 'Coconut Water' & Dragon Fruit (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
5 Pinterest Accounts That Are Changing How We See Style Tory Burch
Whatever Happened To Easter Outfits? Whether you were born in 1950 or 1980, the tradition of the new Easter outfit was always the same. But at some point, things changed and you rarely see kids dressed up for the holiday anymore. Whatever happened to the pastel coats, matching hats and Mary Jane shoes?
Nicki Minaj, Lily Collins And 13 Fashion Fails This Week (PHOTOS) We applaud celebrities for taking risks, but sometimes the result is attention-grabbing for the wrong reasons. This week
Brow How-To Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. While almost every fashion magazine ever claims
Hillary Clinton's Staff Wants To 'Ban' Her Scrunchies (PHOTOS, POLL) See Hillary Clinton's style evolution, scrunchies and all! Combe also addresses the controversy over the idea that we should
Ren\u00e9e Zellweger Covers Harper's Bazaar Russia (PHOTO) Check out Ren\u00e9e's latest shoot... have you missed the cover star? Wondering what Ren\u00e9e Zellweger has been up to lately? Perhaps
Victoria Beckham Harper's Bazaar China Cover Is Intimidating Us (PHOTOS, POLL) Snapped by photographer Chen Man, Beckham is sporting bright red hair, feathered eyeshadow and some very intricate, heavy
Elle Fanning's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) As Elle celebrates her 14th birthday on April 9th, we're taking a look back at the starlet's style. Vote on all her looks
Balenciaga Fall 2012 FashGif For previous Fashion Gifs, take a peek in our gallery below
Princess Diana's Royal Style \A Look Back\ is a daily column that highlights a moment from fashion's fabulous past. Today's pick is of Princess Diana
Brooklyn Decker In Black Lace Getty Images WHAT
How To Layer For Spring From De Lune
Little White Dress For Spring From Ramshackle Glam
Sarah Potempa, Hair Stylist, On Trimming Barack Obama's Eyebrows & More What\u2019s the best thing a woman can do to her hair? Protection. If you use an iron, use a heat-protectant. And if you color
Fashion Face-Off East Coast vs. West Coast fashion has long been a topic of discussion for the sartorially savvy set. The former is known
Inspired Attire Encouraged I received my MOCA West Members Opening invitation to The Total Look exhibit, a collaboration between designer Rudi Gernreich, model Peggy Moffitt, and photographer William Claxton.
Pink Lipstick How-To While most of my friends and the girls here at the office reach for red or coral lipstick to pull their look together, my
Tony Melillo, Designer Behind Selena Gomez's Line And Barney's ATM T-Shirts, Opens Up His Office (PHOTOS) Although Melillo currently goes back and forth between Miami and New York for work, the forty seven year old designer is
Sienna Miller We fervently Googled, but alas, there appears to be no extant photographic evidence of Miller's cornrows and braces combo
Guess vs. Gucci Trademark Case Heats Up In Court (PHOTOS) Guess is being accused of specifically ripping off four designs
Inside The Medicine Cabinets Of LA's Beauty Pros (PHOTOS) From Refinery29
Pantone Pink Flamb\u00e9 #18-2133 And The Fashion And Beauty Trends That Match (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. In our series, Pantone Color of the Week, we
Red Shoes, Green Bags And Blue Baubles Remember learning about primary colors in preschool? Typically red, yellow and blue (although green is sometimes included
Vogue Italia Launches Initiative To Stop Pro-Eating Disorder Websites Vogue Italia\u2019s Editor-in-Chief Franca Sozzani, during her Harvard speech, underlined how we all have a responsibility to
Carla Bruni Rides The Metro In A Wig (Via The Cut) See Carla's new and improved \schlumpy\ style! But alas, jeans and tees aren't enough to make her blend in
Faith Hill In A Red Jumpsuit WHO
Jennifer Hudson PHOTO
Did Jessica Simpson Rip Off Christian Louboutin? (PHOTOS, POLL) We've contacted Jessica Simpson's reps for comment and will update when we hear back. Simpson herself wears the shoes in
Celebrity Tattoo Quiz Certain celebrity tattoos are as famous as the star who has them. Case in point
FaceTime, A Beauty Street Style Column In our series FaceTime, we find inspiring girls around New York City and dissect their look. This week we met Andrea, whose
The Man Repeller Proves It's All In The Delicate Details From BeautifulStranger.TV
Sara Samoiloff's Braceletes Weigh Three Pounds From StyleLikeU
Black And White And Pink All Over From Trop Rouge
Reboot Your Skin For Spring With These Facial Treatments Joanna Vargas Triple Crown Facial... aka the Microcurrent Facial Joanna Vargas has a bit of a cult following in New York
Katy Perry Click over to Teen Vogue to read more titillating tidbits from Katy! See Katy Perry's style evolution! PHOTOS
Carla Bruni Rides The Metro In A Wig Despite her celebrity background and famous friends, Carla Bruni has found ways to stay down-to-earth and in touch with la
Jennifer Lawrence Reportedly Laughs Off Critics Who Claim She's Too Curvy To Play Katniss (PHOTO) The \Hunger Games\ cast is learning just what it means to be part of a successful blockbuster movie-- dealing with ridiculous
Hairstyle How-To If you're searching for a simple way to add a little more glamour to your day-to-day look take a cue from Kate Hudson, Sienna
Love, Courage and Contentmode Taking risks is a part of fashion or life. When you follow your bliss, life will take care of the rest.
Gwyneth Paltrow's Monochromatic Style Getty Images Shop the look and check out more from our A Look Back archives
Side Boob On Celebrities When did side boob become a thing? All of a sudden blogs and magazines are heralding the side boob, and advertisements show
5 Surprising Ways To Wear A Grey Sweatshirt (PHOTOS) A few years ago I stumbled upon a James Perse sample sale. Known for great knits and soft tees, I couldn't resist. I found
Christina Aguilera's New Body Looks Amazing (PHOTOS) We have to admit, the 31-year-old singer and \The Voice\ star has gone through a bit of a rough patch lately, style-wise
Miranda Kerr, Flynn Cover 'Who' Magazine's Most Beautiful People 2012 Issue (PHOTOS) Which isn't to say there haven't been plenty of photos taken of the Aussie model and her son. Miranda was seen toting Flynn
David Beckham H&M Ad Doesn't Get Banned, Women Everywhere Rejoice (PHOTOS, VIDEO) David Beckham\u2019s bulge has been the subject of an official inquiry. The heavily tattooed athlete has also had to defend himself
Finding Love -- Starburst Cuff It is not difficult to find love but it is difficult to find true love. Please share in my love of this beautiful starburst cuff.
Tyra Banks Does Double Denim On The Red Carpet (PHOTOS) The Ten Commandments of Double Denim usually mandate that thou shalt not combineth two exact shades of denim, but shalt vary
Tom Ford Outlet Store (The First Ever!) Coming To Woodbury Commons (VIDEO) And it gets better, New Yorkers
Online Dating Success Couples Memorialize Their Romantic Journey Julie Spira is an online dating expert, bestselling author and CEO of Cyber-Dating Expert. As an early adopter of the Internet
Tom Ford Outlet Store (The First Ever!) Coming To Woodbury Commons (VIDEO) Tom Ford has a reputation for being elusive with his designs, as in, holding secret runway shows and banning photography
Miranda Kerr, Flynn Cover 'Who' Magazine's Most Beautiful People 2012 Issue (PHOTOS) It's pretty much common knowledge that Miranda Kerr is drop dead gorgeous and that her son, 15-month-old Flynn, is the cutest
Miranda Kerr, Flynn Cover 'Who' Magazine's Most Beautiful People 2012 Issue (PHOTOS) But Who magazine, Australia's version of People, has made it official by putting the mommy-son pair on the cover of its \Most
Iris Apfel Iris Apfel may be incredibly famous for her style, but that doesn't mean she spends a lot of time thinking about it. As the
Pink Pants With Pink Shoes From Keiko Lynn
Lover's Scarlet Knit Bikini From Some Notes on Napkins
1920s Paisley Turban Styled For 2012 From Sammy Davis Vintage
Color Blocking -- Redhead Style Color-blocking was popular last season, too; but, the vibrant color trend is back for another round and is picking up energy with the mixing of different textures and accessories with loads of awesome shades.
Kate Middleton Wax Figure Unveiled At Tussaud's (PHOTOS) The first ever wax sculpture of the Duchess of Cambridge was unveiled at Madame Tussaud's in London, joining an updated version
4 Ways To Update Appliqu\u00e9 (PHOTOS) And if you want to see applique in action, check out our favorite looks of the season. When we say \appliqu\u00e9\ what's the
How the World Has Changed World Wide Fashion is the new real democracy. I decided to join the world
Kim Kardashian Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. WHERE
Fashion Trivia Quiz Do you know which fashion legend has served in the US Army and which actress has not modeled for Chanel? Take our quiz below
Jean Paul Gaultier Undressed Gaultier's teddy bear, named Nana, was the first model who wore his fashion inventions. As a child, he spent hours crafting the now-famous cone brazier for Nana.
Patti Smith's Rough Edges Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Getty Images \A Look Back\ is a daily column
Engagement Rings Remember that scene in \Sex And The City\ where Charlotte and Trey gaze lovingly into each other's eyes as they stand outside
Special Delivery With Target opening in Canada soon, we sent a very special delivery
Aura Friedman, Celebrity Hair Colorist And Blogger, Talks About Showering With Lady Gaga Stylelist celebrates style in its many forms. So, with that philosophy in mind, we've teamed up with some of the most vibrant
Willow Smith At The 2012 Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards WHAT
James Cameron-Themed 'Bazaar' Spread Styles Up 'Titanic,' 'Terminator' (PHOTOS) The results are magical. In the spread, Clauson poses in front of the 42-foot-long model ship that was used for Titanic\u2019s
My Harvard Speech The media is so numerous today and they all convey the image of a thin woman. We will do our best, but it will be impossible to fight this widespread idea of thinness all by ourselves. Everybody must do their part.
Jamie Lynn Spears' Style Evolution (PHOTOS) To celebrate Jamie Lynn Spears' 21st birthday today, take a look back at her adolescent looks. What do you hope is to come
Jessica Alba Debuts Huge Arm Tattoo -- Is It Real? (PHOTOS, POLL) We oohed and ahhed over pictures of Jessica Alba playing with her adorable daughters Honor and Haven in Los Angeles on Monday
Calvin Klein For Macy's Capsule Collection On The Way! (PHOTOS) The two-month capsule collection kicks off on May 15. Until then, start fantasizing
Marc Jacobs To Launch Beauty Line (PHOTOS) Click over to WWD to read more. See Marc Jacobs' fall 2012 line below! \The ritual of waking up and making those choices
Lillian Bassman's Fashion Photography Shows At Peter Fetterman Gallery (PHOTOS) Lillian Bassman was ranked among photography legends like Richard Avedon and Irving Penn because of her ability to blend
Reggie Bush -- Sex(y) Video Goes Viral, Etc. Early yesterday morning a video of Reggie and his sexy Equinox trainer, Lia Smith, began taking over the Internet. Unfortunately it turns out it's not quite what we thought -- it's even better!
Going From Blonde To Brunette From Wit & Whimsy
Off-White Dresses For Spring From WhyDid? Slipping into something cream, eggshell, bone, whatever you want to call it, is a great way to transition into
Polished Prep From My Style Pill
The Modern Tinkerbelle Like all of us, I've been enchanted by that dream of happily ever after -- and yes, this wedding crown is one reason why.
Runway To Win Design Challenge Invites Obama Supporters To Contribute (PHOTOS) Calling all FIT students
Sharks And Sunscreen Kelia Moniz and Monyca Byrne-Wickey have the best lives ever. They live in Hawaii, surf professionally and are Roxy Surf
Isaac Mizrahi Reveals What '90s Style He Misses (VIDEO) Marlo Thomas recently got the chance to sit down with outspoken designer Isaac Mizrahi and chat about '90s fashion. Whether
Franca Sozzani, Arianna Huffington & Doutzen Kroes Discuss Eating Disorders At Harvard Franca, as we well know, has taken similar steps, most famous being her mag's famous \curvy\ issue. But in her Harvard speech
Hair Salon Etiquette 101 How much should I tip the shampoo person? Is it okay to eat while having my hair done? Good questions! If you ever feel unsure about salon etiquette, simply ask!
Nail Polish Trends Pastels can be tricky. The wrong shade can look outdated or worse, make your skin tone look sickly. But we've found 14 softly
Tote-Obsessed I am on a quest for the Holy Grail of Handbags. Whereas some women may prefer to pay attention to their children, I instead, for the past three months, have obsessively scoured websites and stores in search of The Perfect Tote.
St. Lucia, aka Jean-Philip Grobler, Loves Spotify, Cappuccinos And More 1. Good cappuccino
What The Stylelist Staff Bought This Weekend On the weekends, we Stylelist editors and Blogger Network members practice what we preach, which entails scouring flea markets
DIY Nail Art D'Anna's major mani tip
'Kate Moss A controversial, beautiful and surprising figure, writers and editors alike will never cease to be fascinated in Moss and
FaceTime, A Beauty Street Style Column In our series FaceTime, we find inspiring girls around New York City and dissect their look. This week we met Kara, who swears
Nicki Minaj's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) To celebrate the release of Nicki's sophomore album \Pink Friday
Vintage-Inspired Sunglasses That Won't Break The Bank (PHOTOS) The return of \Mad Men\ has me wanting to revamp my entire wardrobe
Espadrilles Espadrilles always make me think of glamourous women in glamourous vacation spots
Kate Upton DirecTV Ad Gets To The Really Cleavage-y Point (VIDEO) See more of Kate Upton's work below! 5. Wtfffffff. The Mirror reports that the ad was banned by some networks. (Although
Beyonce Covers Glamour Netherlands March 2012, Looks Nothing Like Herself (PHOTO) See Beyonce's style evolution! PHOTO
Tommy Hilfiger Last week, we got the chance to chat with designer Tommy Hilfiger about his best-and worst-dressed days, from sharp loafers
Jennie Garth's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) Jennie Garth's style has come a long way since her days playing Kelly Taylor on \Beverly Hills 90210\ from 1990 to 2000. The
Claire Danes Like every other woman in America, Claire Danes loves scoring a steal. Click over to ASOS to read more of Danes' interview
Candice Swanepoel Dons Short-Shorts At The Airport (PHOTOS, POLL) Check out Candice's outfit below and weigh in
Prada 'Smoking' Shoes Dangle Cigarettes From Your Toes (PHOTOS, POLL) They'll cost you $890 at Nordstrom, and they're also available in white. Last week we brought you the magic (?) of the Christian
'Mad Men' Season 5, Episode 3 Style Recap So there is absolutely no polite way to put this, but let's call a spade a spade
ACM Awards 2012 Red Carpet Brought Glitz, Glamour & Legs (PHOTOS) If you thought the days of Angelina Jolie'ing were over and the right-legged meme had finally disappeared, the 47th Annual
Adam Levine, Anne V Split (PHOTOS) The Maroon 5 singer and his Victoria's Secret model girlfriend of two years have decided to part ways, reports People, as
Adam Levine, Anne V Split (PHOTOS) Although the two reportedly had a \big fight\ earlier this year and nearly broke up, the announcement still may come as a
Alicia Silverstone's Early '90s Style Shop the look and check out more from our A Look Back archives
Fat Fashion Guy Grooming should be a big priority. Stick to a clean and classic look in hair and face to emulate the agency men we watch every Sunday. Take that extra time in presentation as Don Draper would -- as he would surely say, presentation is everything.
Michelle Obama, Taylor Swift Fashion Face-Off At The Kids' Choice Awards! (PHOTOS, VIDEO) PHOTOS
Princess Beatrice Competes In National Lottery Olympic Park Run (PHOTOS) The Duchess of Cambridge, of course, is also quite the athlete, but sticks to field hockey and other sports that can be played
Ali MacGraw's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Flip through our many other Style Evolutions
Katy Perry & Selena Gomez Bare Their Bellies At The 2012 Kids' Choice Awards (PHOTOS, POLL) Which popstar pulled off the peppy cropped top-miniskirt combo better? Check out the Battle of the Bellies below. We've been
How To Make The Most Of Your Salon Visit From Ramshackle Glam
American Idol Here's the full rundown of the fashion from Wednesday night's performances!
The 5 Most Outrageous Shoes You'll Ever See (PHOTO) In honor of April Fool's Day, we teamed up with our friends at Polyvore for a very unusual look at footwear fashion. Ever
Michelle Obama, Taylor Swift Fashion Face-Off At The Kids' Choice Awards! (PHOTOS, VIDEO) PHOTOS
Stylelist Is Giving Away Swarovski Bracelets To Celebrate Gossip Girl Costume Designer Eric Daman's New Collection! Daman's influence came from all corners of the globe, as displayed by his Pinterest account. From Proenza Schouler's Fall
Oribe Texture Hair Spray Review From Assignment Fashion
Kampala, Uganda Being here and meeting young people who hope for a better future through their job is not that hard, and not so emotionally engaging. They are not asking for anything and don't need overly sympathetic people
Salma Hayek The recently knighted actress, who was a fixture at Paris Fashion Week's hottest shows, also tells Lucky that moving to France
Candice Swanepoel Dons Short-Shorts At The Airport (PHOTOS, POLL) Leave it to a Victoria's Secret model to look sexy even at the airport. But perhaps Candice's short-shorts were more than
This 69-Year-Old Talks Dressing Up & Blogging From Advanced Style
Fashionably Late Welcome to Fashionably Late, where we round up the style scraps that didn't make it to our news page this week. Click through
Katy Perry Adidas Ads Star The Singer's Blue Hair (PHOTOS) Katy Perry dons some colorful Adidas threads in her new set of ads for the brand's new ClimaCool Seduction campaign. Check
Salma Hayek The recently knighted actress, who was a fixture at Paris Fashion Week's hottest shows, also tells Lucky that moving to France
A Better Way To Organize Your Jewelry From Karla's Closet
Katy Perry Adidas Ads Star The Singer's Blue Hair (PHOTOS) David Beckham stars in a corresponding men's ad. But still, maybe she got some posing tips from her rumored new model boyfriend
Celine Dion's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, and Pinterest. As Dion celebrates her 44th birthday
Double Duty Beauty Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, and Pinterest. While we've come a long way since
Hot On Pinterest In our latest installment of Hot On Pinterest, we bring you five stylish pinners that have caught our attention. From designer
Light Pink Hair Here, some additional tips for making your pink hair color last
How To Wear Nude Colors This Spring (PHOTOS) This week, the Stylelist Blogger Network showed us that anyone can pull off nude hues. Whether it's a bucket hat or a pair
Solange Knowles In Stuart Weitzman Shoes WHERE
'& other stories' Is Name Of H&M's New Chain (UPDATED) Read more at on Dagens Nyheter's website (preferably with Google Translate or a helpful Swede nearby) and WWD.com. Today
Men's Underwear Goes Green If the first thing you put on in the morning was made in an earth-conscious way, wouldn't that make you a bit more earth-conscious, too?
Madonna 'Truth Or Dare' Commercial See Madonna's style evolution! We had a good laugh a few months ago when Madonna introduced her new \Truth Or Dare\ fragrance
Ashley Greene's DKNY Animal Print Jacket But that's just our opinion! Check out the pics below and tell us what YOU think. And while we think Greene looked stunning
Obamas Dish On Their First Date & That Time POTUS Did Malia's Hair (VIDEO, PHOTOS) \Just trying to give a tip for the young men out there,\ the president says, smiling at the camera. It did work. Back in
Reluctant Celebrity When a person takes great pains NOT to be famous, that's when you know something good is going on.
Dying Your Hair Pink From Color Makes All The Difference
'Mad Men'-Inspired Look From What I Wore
Anna Faris Talks Tanning Horror Stories & Working With Sasha Baron Cohen on \The Dictator\ We're not kidding
Welcome to the Reykjavik Fashion Festival! Fashion week (or \fashion month,\ as I like to call it) has been the highpoint in my calendar for many years now. This year, however, is particularly special since Reykjavik, Iceland is another destination on Moda Operandi's fashion calendar.
Queen Elizabeth II & Royal Family Attend Memorial Service For Queen Mother, Wear Great Hats (PHOTOS) But our stylish faves are Princess Beatrice, who rocked a floral dress and blue blazer with LK Bennett shoes, and Princess
How To Update A Staple From Swank Heights
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) This week's selections include pieces by Ceil Chapman, Christian Dior, and Halston. Be sure to check out the gorgeous vintage 1930s beaded chiffon dress, the lovely vintage 1950s lavender Alfred Shaheen sarong sundress, and the vintage 1987 Louis Vuitton clutch handbag.
Adriana Lima Makes Jimmy Fallon Blush (VIDEO) The newly pregnant Adriana Lima appeared on \Late Night\ with Jimmy Fallon on Thursday and we weren't the only ones who thought
Ashley Greene's DKNY Animal Print Jacket And while we think Greene looked stunning at the event, we're a bit perplexed about the cropped jacket. It's cute but seems
Isabel & Ruben Toledo As they spoke, a slideshow of photos slid by in a reel on the wall behind them, featuring Isabel's sketches, editorials, pictures
Madonna 'Truth Or Dare' Commercial See Madonna's style evolution! \ABC viewed the ad [and] came back with a list of changes. They say they want her bra digitally
'& other stories' Is Name Of H&M's New Chain The concept -- elevated fast-fashion with high-quality materials -- is super exciting. But we're not so sure about the name
Isabel & Ruben Toledo And there's good reason for that. \We can't talk about Isabel without talking about Ruben,\ said Nina Garcia, who interviewed
Adriana Lima Makes Jimmy Fallon Blush (VIDEO) The newly pregnant Adriana Lima appeared on \Late Night\ with Jimmy Fallon on Thursday and we weren't the only ones who thought
Do We Become Immune To Our Antiperspirant? Beauty Myth Or Not? If it's not exactly clear why antiperspirant stops working, is there anything we can do about it? \The best way to get the
Beauty Advice for Your Naturally Red Life If you've inherited this combination of red hair and pale skin, you'll need to know all the facts about your body and how to keep special care of it.
Valentino Rodeo Drive Store Opening Draws Eclectic Crowd Of Celebs (PHOTOS) See all of the styles below! The fete also provided guests with a sneak peek of the 50th anniversary Valentino capsule collection
Pantone Bright Chartreuse #14-0445 And The Fashion And Beauty Trends That Match (PHOTOS) In our series, Pantone Color of the Week, we take swatches from the company's color report and translate it to fashion and
CoverGirl Paula Patton's Perfect Pink Lipstick, Invisible Hairline Trick And Other Beauty Secrets Find out how Paula Patton shaped up for \Mission
How To Get The No-Makeup Look While we're not abandoning our bold lips or intense eyeshadow anytime soon, there's something to be said for minimal makeup
'90s-Inspired Boots From Keiko Lynn
Coachella Essentials From Some Notes on Napkins
Chlo\u00eb Sevigny in Proenza Schouler Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. WHAT
Rachel Zoe Spring 2012 Here at Team Zoe, we try not to play favorites. But when it comes to Rachel Zoe's Spring 2012 collection, it only feels natural
How To Wear A Sheer Skirt From Homerun Ballerina
TIME 100 2012 So as fashion fans, we had to take a look
Elle Fanning Debuts Red Hair! (PHOTOS) The 13-year-old actress ditched her blonde locks in favor of red on Tuesday, when she was spotted on a movie set in the Soho
Miranda Kerr's New Victoria Secret Bikini Campaign In the latest Victoria Secret swim campaign, Aussie model Miranda Kerr seduces with wet hair, multiple patterned bikinis
Is Franca Sozzani Married? Vogue Italia Might Not Even Know Hmm. Maybe Franca (who's a HuffPost blogger) has been keeping an international love affair under wraps. Or, is this just
Gucci, Guess Trademark Lawsuit Finally Reaches Court (PHOTOS) Who owns the letter \G\? But the battle, which was finally argued before a judge on Wednesday, may be too old and drawn-out
Indonesia Declares Miniskirts 'Pornographic,\ Seeks To Ban Them Indonesia's religious affairs minister Suryadharma Ali has been appointed to run Indonesia\u2019s new anti-porn taskforce, and
Amber Rose As Rosie The Riveter PHOTO
Pregnant Jessica Simpson Gives Up Wearing Heels Enjoy your flip-flops, Jess -- we don't blame you. Round 1
Loafers Are The Go-To Shoes For Spring Loafers bring back memories of my dad in the '80s
Style Swap Priya Rao, our former Senior Editor, is the complete opposite. Priya describes her style as \feminine with a prepster streak
Ellen Von Unwerth's 'Miami Vixens' Takes Joe Fresh To Dangerous Places (EXCLUSIVE VIDEO) Watch this and Joe Fresh's other fashion film collaborations Joe Fresh in the brand's New York flagship starting Friday, March
Shanina Shaik, Tyson Beckford's Girlfriend, Responds The male model (or rather \supermodel,\ as he called himself) seemed to irk most readers when he took credit for the success
Pregnant Jessica Simpson Gives Up Wearing Heels It was a good fight. Both contenders put in their ultimate effort. But in the end
Miranda Kerr's New Victoria's Secret Bikini Campaign In the latest Victoria's Secret swim campaign, Aussie model Miranda Kerr seduces with wet hair, multiple patterned bikinis
Abercrombie & Fitch Promo Clip Features Gay Kiss Between Two Models (VIDEO) Abercrombie & Fitch is globally renowned for using homoerotic imagery to promote its sporty apparel. But in its latest round
'Mad Men' Season 5, Episode 1 Style Recap Well, let's just say Don had a good reason to be lukewarm about this shindig. This doesn't look like the kind of crowd that
Quick Makeup Routines As a makeup artist ALWAYS on the go and with crazy call times where I often have to wake up at 4 a.m., I too personally experience this oh-so charming beauty (or lack there of) schedule.
Blake Lively, Miranda Kerr and More Stars Blow Us Away In Brights (PHOTOS) If the fashion from the \Mad Men\ season premiere is anything to go by, we will be seeing lots of pastels and whites this
Lulu Frost Fall 2012 Look Book Shoot Since her senior year of college, Lisa Salzer (A.K.A. Lulu Frost) has seamlessly combined her passion for art history with
Amber Heard In Double Denim WHAT
Alber Elbaz But mixed in with the crippling self-doubt we've grown accustomed to -- \I do not believe in myself. I had this anxiety attack
Stefano Pilati On Leaving Yves Saint Laurent, Working for Tom Ford, Learning At Miu Miu On fashion designer stardom
Embellished Eyebrows I was stunned when models Miranda Kerr and Daria Strokous took the Chanel fall 2012 runway in embellished eyebrows. Paired
Jessica Par\u00e9, 'Mad Men' Season 5 Star, On Janie Bryant, Mod Style And Being Married To Don Draper The extremely glamourous costumes not only have an impact on Par\u00e9's acting, but have also influenced her personal wardrobe
Avril Lavigne Designs Sally Hansen Nail Polish Strips Collection, Dyes Her Own Hair Avril Lavigne Sally Hansen Salon Effects Nail Strips Collection, $9.99 each. Courtesy Photo See Avril Lavigne's different
Katie Holmes Earlier in the day on Tuesday, the Broadway actress pulled a tan sweater and a fedora over her slinky red dress and tan booties
How To Wear Gingham Getty/GoRunway Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. 1. There's nothing wrong with
Bing Bang Designer On Working With Marc Jacobs (PHOTOS) No need to head to Target, Sheffield invited us into her studio for a behind-the-scenes peek at where the magic happens. See
Victoria Beckham Covers Harper's Bazaar UK May In Honor Of Queen's Jubilee (PHOTO) PHOTO
Claudia Schiffer Guess Campaign Marks Brand's 30th Anniversary (PHOTOS) The German supermodel will be revisiting her famous black and white ads for Guess?, shooting a series of similar spots in
Valentino Rodeo Drive Store Opening Draws Eclectic Crowd Of Celebs (PHOTOS) Style-wise, several guests opted for, well, Valentino
Beyonce's Furry Baby Sling Is Amazing (PHOTOS) On closer look, it's a baby sling! Beyonce tucked baby Blue inside her furry gray stole. (It looks like faux fur to our semi
Ferragamo's U.S. President Dishes on Their  Haute New Site A press release and a party
Anita Pallenberg's Groupie Style Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Tibi Leopard Pants, Topshop Snake Necklace
How To Wear Red, White & Blue From Beckerman Bite Plate
Mariah Carey's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) The New York-native's five-octave range has earned her countless honors, including Grammy, Billboard and World Music Awards
Five Ways to Wear Neon (or) How to Blind Your Friends and Look Cool This is kind of like disguising your vegetables with tons of cheese. There are a lot of great pieces out there with more subtle hints of brightness worked into the design.
Controversial As a rule I find it very interesting to hear opinions that are different from mine, and at times they make me think in a different way. Each issue of Vogue Italia is seen as controversial and I have found it doesn't bother me at all.
Jean Paul Gaultier There is something completely personal about \The Fashion World of Jean Paul Gaultier
ASOS Is Trendy, Cheap And Most Importantly, Michelle Obama Is A Fan (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. The site has some very famous fans, including
Silver Accessories In the past, silver had less than stellar connotations. Some silver-haired women rush to the salon (although we love a silver
Dolce & Gabbana Sues Over 'Dolce And Banana' Boutique Luxury brands reallllly don't like it when you take their names (or colors) in vain. (e.g. \The Hangover\ bros flagrantly
Lady Gaga's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) There's no denying Lady Gaga ups her shock value every time she steps into the spotlight. The New York City girl has worn
Kate Winslet 'Titanic 3D' Premiere And since we're HUGE fans of Kate's style, we couldn't wait to see what she'd wear at the \Titanic 3D\ premiere on Tuesday
Candice Swanepoel, Victoria's Secret Angel, On Bikinis, Brazil And Her Future Singing Career (PHOTOS) How has Swanepoel's look changed in the past years? Take a peek in our gallery below and check out our many other Style Evolutions
Marion Cotillard Lady Dior Ad Makes Us Lust For A New Bag (PHOTO) Dior chose Cotillard to helm their Lady Dior advertising campaign back in 2009. The luxe brand's other faces include Natalie
Candice Swanepoel, Victoria's Secret Angel, On Bikinis, Brazil And Her Future Singing Career (PHOTOS) When she's feeling - ahem - tired (\In Brazil we have a lot of fun and then the next day I'm like ughhh\), Swanepoel relaxes
Louboutin 'SEX' Shoes \I've never really understood this bizarre bro fetishization of pumps, and this is somehow strangely like a culmination of
Glamour Magazine Shows 'What Your Shoes Say To Guys' Spring 2012's Most Wearable Fashion Trends What Your Hair Says About You (According to Guys) 18 Midlength Hairstyles to Consider
Jaime King In Prabal Gurung WHO
Dangle Earrings Are A Must-Have For Spring (PHOTOS) It's been a very long time since I've worn earrings, and though I thought I'd pretty much given them up altogether, I was
Fashion Smackdown We kind of love it when animals turn up in highbrow fashion shoots, whether it's as intended by the photographers or, you
Dolce & Gabbana Sues Over 'Dolce And Banana' Boutique This isn't Dolce & Gabbana's first trademark stand-off, but in the past the brand has been on the receiving end. Levi's sued
Joan Collins Covers 'Ponystep' As British Icon (PHOTOS) All five personalities are shot in vivid color by Miles Aldridge and the women are sporting some bold matte lipstick. But
Christie Brinkley Divorce Christie Brinkley teared up during a \Today\ show interview Tuesday as she discussed her contentious, ongoing divorce battle
Luciano Conti Professional's Photoshop Disappearing Act? (PHOTO, VIDEO) The eagle-eyed folks at Photoshop Disasters spotted this ad from Luciano Conti Professional, an Italian haircare line that's
Looking for Patterns In Your Wardrobe... and I Don't Mean the Ones on Your Clothes Examining patterns in dress behaviors is a very mindful exercise. We can learn where certain motivations come from, how they help us, and how they hinder us.  And these patterns are not limited to the closet.
Diana Ross Birthday Ross' look, alongside her singing chops, is what's said to have propelled her to the Supreme's most coveted spot. From there
Irina Shayk Thong Makes An Appearance At Jeffrey Fashion Cares (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Marion Cotillard Lady Dior Ad Makes Us Lust For A New Bag (PHOTO) Dior chose Cotillard to helm their Lady Dior advertising campaign back in 2009. The luxe brand's other faces include Natalie
Designer Shoe Prices A \Concern,\ Barneys Exec Says WATCH
A Dress Worthy of a Nobel Prize What do you wear on a day that encompasses both grief and unexpected joy? Maybe something wholly unexpected.
Keira Knightley's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) Keira Knightley has been acting and modeling since she was a child, and as she turns 27 on March 26th her career continues
Early Morning Rebel's Favorite Things Include Sunglasses, Vintage Boots and White Tees When we first heard Early Morning Rebel's hit single, \Life Boat\ on \Grey's Anatomy,\ we took notice of the Los Angeles
'Fabulous Nobodies,' New Film From R.J. Cutler, Now Being Cast Cue \Fabulous Nobodies,\ the latest project by \The September Issue\ director R.J. Cutler. Cutler will be overseeing the
Dakota Fanning Glasses While we presume Dakota is nearsighted and therefore needed specs to read from from some distant teleprompter, it did transform
Neon Nail Polish If you're not comfortable sporting red lipstick or blue hair, try brightening up your beauty routine with neon nail polish
Rihanna, Princess Diana And 32 Other Stars Who Love A Choker Necklace (PHOTOS) The first time I saw a choker necklace was on Shannen Doherty's character Brenda Walsh on \Beverly Hills, 90210.\ She wore
Angelina Jolie, Madonna, Kristen Stewart And More Stars In Black And White (PHOTOS) 2. Go wild. Try black and white zebra print, mixed with a checkered print. Crazy? Maybe, but the contrasting patterns are
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) This eclectic mix of designer and non-designer vintage clothing and accessories caught my discerning eye because of its uniqueness, contemporary feel and highly collectible nature.
Blue Jeans & White Shit Read more on fashionispoison.blogspot.com Wow it's been a while! Courtesy photo From Fashion Is Poison
Mindy Byrd's Fashion Collages From Take A Drag Or Two
A Red Dress For Spring From Trop Rouge
Bethenny Frankel And on a non-mom note, what to do the morning after a few too many (SkinnyGirl) margaritas? Bethenny told us that she likes
Jennifer Lopez In Michael Kors WHERE
H&M Luxury Collection May Be In The Works The Swedish retailer may be plotting a new luxury line with a higher price point, reports Women's Wear Daily. The line would
Hitler Shampoo Commercial Will Probably Offend Tons Of People (VIDEO) As the commercial makes the Internet rounds, response to the ad has been less than favorable. While the video has gotten
'Mad Men' Inspired Nails And More Of Our Weekend Manicures (PHOTOS) On the weekends, we Stylelist editors and Blogger Network members take advantage of some much-needed down time to prettify
Weird Beauty Is anyone else out there doing this? Here, a few more home sprays I've taken to wearing as regular perfume. In related news
Tyson Beckford As the Telegraph notes, Shanina may be less than pleased to learn she was Tyson's fixer-upper. But her boyfriend bills himself
Victoria Beckham Haircut Now Posh has stuck a rather lovely middle-ground, trimming her hair to a soft, below-the-shoulder length late last week. The
H&M Luxury Collection May Be In The Works UPDATE, 3/29
Models In Bikinis Anne V. and her fellow Sports Illustrated swimsuit girl, Irina Shayk, headed to Miami on Friday to celebrate Anne's 26th
Victoria Beckham Haircut Now Posh has stuck a rather lovely middle-ground, trimming her hair to a soft, below-the-shoulder length late last week. See
Tyson Beckford \u2018When I found her she was a regular girl. I helped place her with the right people, get her teeth cleaned, her body toned
A Conversation With Bally's Menswear Designer Graeme Fidler Below, Fidler reveals that when all is said and done, there is nothing he loves more than being a father and husband -- while wearing Bally's iconic Scribe shoe, of course.
Sarah Jessica Parker's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) Best known for her role as the always-fashionable New Yorker Carrie Bradshaw on \Sex and the City,\ Sarah Jessica Parker's
Model Alliance Working To Pass The Freelancer Payment Protection Act Almost 80% of models say they've been exposed to drugs on the job, with 50% saying they've been exposed to cocaine. 28% of
Jennifer Lawrence 'IO Donna' Cover Is A Repeat! (PHOTOS) Check out the two covers below. Do you think the pic was one worth repeating? IO Donna
Jennifer Lawrence 'IO Donna' Cover Is A Repeat! (PHOTOS) Jennifer Lawrence (you might have seen her in that little indie film called \The Hunger Games\) is everywhere lately, including
Aristeo Tengco, Emmanuel New York Models Founder, Sued By Three Models Tengco has not released a statement in response but his lawyer, Ken Rubenstein, told the Post that Holt's claims are \wholly
Elizabeth And James Show Pajamas For Fall From Smoke & Mirrors
Swapping Spring Wardrobes From My Style Pill
Models In Bikinis And for what it's worth, Bar Refaeli seems to be enjoying some waterfront vacation time, too. Also in Miami on Friday, Victoria's
'Mad Men' Stars Before Fame (PHOTOS) From Snakkle
Alyson Hannigan's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) Washington, D.C.-born actress Alyson Hannigan first won our hearts over back in the late '90's when she starred in the T.V
Vintage Shopping At Shareen's In Los Angeles From Karla's Closet
Milkshake Argan Oil Review From Assignment Fashion
Most Dangerous Fashion And Beauty Items From Refinery29
Nicki Minaj, Katy Perry, Snooki and More Fashion Flops This Week (PHOTOS) With spring bloom comes women in little sundresses, showing off their gams in shrunken shorts and bringing out their strappy
Fashionably Late Welcome to Fashionably Late, where we round up the style scraps that didn't make it to our news page this week. Click through
How to Use Google and Facebook for Online Dating Safety Here are five online dating safety tips to use (short of paying for a background check).
'The Hunger Games' Stars Jennifer Lawrence, Isabelle Fuhrman And Elizabeth Banks Stun On The Red Carpet (PHOTOS) With gorgeous stars like Jennifer Lawrence, Isabelle Fuhrman, Elizabeth Banks and more, it is no surprise that the red carpet
January Jones WHAT
Subscribing to Fashion and Lifestyle There has been a recent surge of subscription-based businesses particularly within the fashion and lifestyle realms. This business intrigues me as it often seems to be of much more benefit to the retailer than to the customer to be on a subscription basis.
The Billion-Dollar Question I would argue that what we're seeing isn't a bubble per se, but rather a natural and very necessary trial-and-error process, where everyone -- entrepreneurs, fashion industry executives, investors -- is learning what works and what doesn't.
Kate Moss Needs To XYZ, PDQ (PHOTOS) Kate Moss forgot one important thing when she left the house this morning. No, it wasn't her husband, Jamie Hince. No, it
Gwyneth Paltrow's Oscar 2012 Appearance Took A Whole Lot Of Preparation (PHOTOS) Somehow the entire thing is impossibly glamorous yet totally, well, normal. Fries? Friends? Sign us up. We've been obsessing
Kate Upton Skullcandy Ad Campaign Attempts To Sex Up Headphones (PHOTOS) Kate has signed a multiyear contract with the headphone company, headlining its new \crew of supermodel ambassadors,\ the
Karl Lagerfeld Calls Newsweek A 'Sh***y Little Paper' Instead, she argued, the Kaiser has spent more time developing his persona as a celebrity and creating line after line of
The Stylelist Blogger Network Puts A Ring On It (PHOTOS) It's time to put a ring on it, and we're not suggesting you get hitched. The members of the Stylelist Blogger Network, being
Abercrombie & Fitch Shuts Down Fake Website Following N-Word Drama On Thursday, the retailer and plenty of Internet users endured a brief freakout when a screenshot of \Abercrombie & Fitch
Kate Upton Skullcandy Ad Campaign Attempts To Sex Up Headphones (PHOTOS) Kate has signed a multiyear contract with the headphone company, headlining its new \crew of supermodel ambassadors,\ the
Jaimie Hilfiger Baldly ambitious? Sure. But with so many aspiring reality starlets out there, perhaps it's refreshing to hear someone speak
Angelina Jolie Responds To Leg Meme Much ado was made post-Oscars about Angelina Jolie's bare leg emerging from her inky black Versace gown, spawning one of
Celebrity Boobs, Please Put Yourselves Away (PHOTOS) There is no need to parade them around like a pair of water balloons perched on a serving tray.
Beyonce Shows Off Post-Baby Figure Again In Colorful Stella McCartney Pants (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
WATCH Sign up to receive my email newsletter each week - It will keep you up-to-date on upcoming articles, Mondays with Marlo guests
Chaka Khan Birthday From The Huffington Post Black Voices
Princess Madeleine Wears Victoria Beckham! (PHOTOS) The youngest princess, who broke off her engagement back in 2010, is known as a rather fashion-forward royal -- perhaps she
Sarah Jessica Parker's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) Best known for her role as the always-fashionable New Yorker Carrie Bradshaw on \Sex and the City,\ Sarah Jessica Parker's
Alyson Hannigan's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) Washington, D.C.-born actress Alyson Hannigan first won our hearts over back in the late '90's when she starred in the T.V
Princess Eugenie Birthday Princess Eugenie of York turns 22 today! \She loves her glamorous dresses and her hair being curly or big - like Mummy's
How to Achieve Retro Glam From Ramhsackle Glam
Flapper Dresses For a Night On The Town (PHOTOS) Flappers were women in the 1920s who, after World War I, showed their disdain for social mores with short hemlines, bobbed
Rachel Pally's Perfect Coachella Dress From Some Notes on Napkins
Prada Fall 2012 Hair Read more on luluandyourmom.blogspot.com I've been contemplating a hair change for quite some time. Platinum is on my mind
Isabel Marant, Suno, J.Crew And More On Sale (PHOTOS) Remember right after the holidays, when we rushed to the stores with gift cards and returned to the office with tales of
The First Lady a Nation Never Knew Her story is told here through one hundred images to mark her one hundred years, video clips and some of her private telephone
Pantone Honey Gold #15-1142 And The Fashion And Beauty Trends That Match (PHOTOS) In our series, Pantone Color of the Week, we take swatches from the company's color report and translate it to fashion and
Selita Ebanks Getty Images WHERE
Gwyneth Paltrow's Oscar 2012 Appearance Took A Whole Lot Of Preparation (PHOTOS) 1. The dress was only picked out a week in advance. We've been obsessing over Gwyneth Paltrow's 2012 Oscars dress ever since
Kate Moss Needs To XYZ, PDQ (PHOTOS) Kate Moss forgot one important thing when she left the house this morning. No, it wasn't her husband, Jamie Hince. No, it
Kohl's American Idol Line Marries Fashion & Music (PHOTOS) Ever watch \American Idol\ and wish you could wear clothes inspired by the TV show? Turns out, \American Idol\ icons are
Jessica Simpson Nude 'Elle' Cover Joins Long List Of Censored Mags (PHOTOS) See more controversial mag covers
January Jones Flood Pants Are A Blast From The Past (PHOTOS, POLL) Paired with the sheer peasant blouse, the look was certainly... something. Check it out and tell us
Team Zoe's Surprising New Take On Spring Florals (PHOTOS) Obvious as they may be, floral prints are still undeniably sweet to rock during springtime -- and a Team Zoe trend favorite
Nicki Minaj Popcorn Dress Gives Us The Munchies (PHOTOS, VIDEO) But to our knowledge, Nicki's never dressed up like a movie snack before. Until now. Either way, Nicki's fans seemed to be
Stella McCartney Olympic Uniforms Are Arguably Too Blue (PHOTOS) \For the honour of worst kit in history, only the Athletic Bilbao away shirt of a few years ago runs it close,\ wrote Tom
Stella McCartney Olympic Uniforms Are Arguably Too Blue (PHOTOS) \Something that was very important to me was to try and use that very iconic image but to dismantle it and try to soften
Mischa Barton Clothing Line, Mischa's Place, Hits The Interwebs (PHOTOS, POLL) Take a look at the outfits below and tell us
Katherine Heigl vs. Catherine, The Duchess Of Cambridge Just like clockwork, the Duchess of Cambridge's appearance in coral skinnies caused similar pink skinny jeans to fly off
Karl Lagerfeld On Japanese People \It's changed a lot but it's changed for the better I think. I noticed that people became bigger than before because now
Mischa Barton Clothing Line, Mischa's Place, Hits The Interwebs (PHOTOS, POLL) But Barton has embarked on an uphill ski back to fashion scenedom lately, donning bikinis and wearing realllllly sheer shirts
Tamara Taylor, 'Bones' Star, On Toronto Style And Mary Tyler Moore (PHOTOS) Citing women like Mary Tyler Moore and Audrey Hepburn as influences, Taylor admitted to Assignment Fashion that she is slightly
Alberta Ferretti For Macy's Lookbook Is Here! (PHOTOS) Alberta Ferretti for Macy's is here! And please, all you designer collaboration-weary readers, before you heave a sigh
10 Ways To Store And Organize Your Makeup (PHOTOS) This week marks National Spring Cleaning Week. Each day, The Huffington Post Canada Style team will bring you tips on how
The 50 Most Stylish New Yorkers For the 2nd annual \50 Most Stylish New Yorkers\ list, which just launched Wednesday, StyleCaster selected, shot, and interviewed 50 people who are influential in their fields, entrepreneurial, perhaps trendy, but more than anything... cool.
Gemma Redux Jewelry, Score The Blake Lively Favorite (PHOTOS) The image of a female lawyer is pretty stereotypical
American Idol So you've wanted to know what the Idol contestants wore on last Wednesday's performance night? From Jessica's sparkling pants to Colton's leather vest, these pieces have sparked some curiosity.
Nicki Minaj Popcorn Dress Gives Us The Munchies (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Now, how exactly does one dress up like popcorn? Well, it looks someone superglued (?) kernels of real popcorn into Nicki's
How Hard It Is to Write a Speech Capturing the attention and keeping it alive for a couple of hours is not an easy task. The tone, the concepts and the way you speak are fundamental elements.
Fashion With a Conscience Shelton Green, risking everything for his unwavering dream, has created a line of fashion that both looks great and is conscious of the people who have created it.
The Key to Perfect Smokey Eyes As most of you feminine beauties try to create something mysterious for yourselves different from your everyday look, you often fall a bit short and dark eyed disaster's spring to life... yikes!
Guess The Celebrity Headpiece (QUIZ) My enchantment with elaborate headpieces started with The Childlike Empress from the 1984 fantasy film \The Neverending Story
Tommy Hilfiger Bangladesh Factory Exposed As Unsafe, Designer Agrees To Pay For Improvements So what does Tommy have to say about the latest revelations about his Bangladesh factory? Click to ABCNews.Go.com, see the
Alberta Ferretti For Macy's Lookbook Is Here! (PHOTOS) And please, all you designer collaboration-weary readers, before you heave a sigh
Tom Ford Fall 2012 Collection Revealed! (VIDEO) Now, thanks to some Internet sleuthing by Fashionista and The Fashion Spot, we've got a video of the entire collection! And
Reese Witherspoon's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) Off camera, Witherspoon's mommy style is feminine, yet low-key, but the Hollywood A-lister still turns up the heat on the
5 Spring Looks For Less It's never hard to find a less expensive version of your favorite runway look, especially if you know where to shop. Stores
Kim Gordon's Rocker Fringe Sara Berman Shorts, Free People Belt, Opening Ceremony T-Shirt, Hudson Boots Getty Images Shop the look and check out more
Beyond the Pale From the sidewalk to the red carpet, more women are choosing to embrace their natural hair texture, skin tone and even body shape rather than continuing to fight nature to fit an impossible ideal.
Tom Ford Fall 2012 Collection Revealed! (VIDEO) Now, thanks to some Internet sleuthing by Fashionista and The Fashion Spot, we've got a video of the entire collection! We've
January Jones & Christina Hendricks For Tuesday's TimesTalk with the cast of \Mad Men,\ co-stars January Jones and Christina Hendricks set aside the daring dresses
The Intern Diaries Are you a fashion intern? Interested in contributing? Please email sarah.leon@huffingtonpost.com. The Intern Diaries
Spring Up Your Wardrobe -- Redhead Style Spring has officially sprung! This past weekend, spring gave me an early welcome with a sunburn on my nose and shoulders.
Celebrity Style Secrets Revealed I have a surprise to reveal
Givenchy Shark Tooth Inspired Necklace Even though the original will set you back $892, Stylelist Blogger Network member Geri Hirsch of Because I'm Addicted figured
Cate Blanchett 'Intelligent Life' Cover Is Pleasantly Un-Photoshopped (PHOTO) As Tim de Lisle, editor of Intelligent Life, writes
Malaysian Shoe Store Offers 'Free Man' With Shoe Purchase Can you imagine if it was the other way round? When a man bought shoes, he'd get a woman for a date as well? We'd all be
Ann Romney's Very Blonde Style Evolution (PHOTOS) But with Mitt Romney's current campaign heating up as he inches towards the GOP nomination, we're sure sartorial eyes will
Yves Saint Laurent Comes To Denver Art Museum (PHOTOS) Yves Saint Laurent was arguably the most influential designer of the past 50 years. His sleek, elegant visions became his
How To Wear A Bralette Without Showing Too Much Skin (PHOTOS) Underwear as outerwear has long been a tricky fashion subject. The question of how much skin is too much skin will almost
Christina Caradona, 'Trop Rouge' Blogger, Shows Off Her 13 Best Looks (PHOTOS) If you could shop at one store for the rest of your life what would it be? Bloomingdale's, and I would like an unlimited
The Business of Fashion in Bombay Lakme Fashion Week saw some exciting shows from a handful of noteworthy young designers.
Does Sleeping On Your Side Cause Wrinkles? Beauty Myth Or Not? If sleeping on your back is absolutely impossible, don't worry, all is not lost. \A few tricks to avoid sleep lines is to
Camilla And Charles Visit Norway Royals, Bring Louis Vuitton Luggage (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Free People's Latest Looks From Because I'm Addicted
Fashion Trivia Quiz Have you ever wondered \is this McQueen or Miu Miu?\ Then this is not the game for you. Take our quiz below and let us know
Asma Assad Added To EU Sanctions Blacklist After Controversial Spending Revealed As an anonymous opposition party member told the Telegraph, \They have stolen Syrian money. She is squandering it here in
Baublebar Is Our Site Of The Week (PHOTOS) We've chosen a few of our favorite pieces on the site, and they are offering Stylelist readers an exclusive discount of 15
How To Wear Green Eyeshadow Consider switching your shadow for liner My favorite way to dip your toe in the colorful makeup pool is to use an eyeliner
Kate Moss At The Ritz Is Our Childhood Fantasy Come To Life (PHOTOS) Among our many childhood obsessions was \Eloise,\ the slim, pink picture book that told the story of a precocious and fabulously
Jean Paul Gaultier Saturday evening, Lyc\u00e9e Fran\u00e7ais honored designer Jean Paul Gaultier for his leadership in the arts with a gala at the Park
Digital Prints Belong In Your Wardrobe, Not Your Computer (PHOTOS) Trends are cyclical. Every few years we see the same ideas emerge -- menswear-inspired, color blocking, ladylike shapes -- with
Garance Dor\u00e9 Steals From Chanel, Watches Lanvin's Alber Elbaz Sing (VIDEO) Paris Fashion Week may be over, but fortunately for us Garance Dor\u00e9's video diary series continues. In this episode of \Pardon
Emma Watson Long Hair Gets Us Thinking Check out the two cuts below. Do you prefer the short, choppy look or the long strands? Or are you just longing for Emma
Adriana Lima Pregnant, Expecting Second Child With Marko Jaric There\u2019s another little angel on the way for Victoria\u2019s Secret model Adriana Lima. Read more on celebritybabies.people.com
Adriana Lima Pregnant With Second Child! (PHOTOS) Lima and Jaric are already proud parents to daughter Valentina, who's now two years old and is thrilled for the new baby
Tangerine Tango, Color Of The Year From WhyDid?
SXSW Memories From Crimes Of Fashion
Kate Moss At The Ritz Is Our Childhood Fantasy Come To Life (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Michelle Obama Letterman Appearence Is Charming, Includes Talk Of Target & Bo (VIDEO) It's a toss-up of who's been busier lately
Alex Rodriguez Shopping Woes After Niece Charges $17,600 In Clothes To His AmEx Page Six reports that the famous New York Yankee is in hot water after he took his 20-year-old niece, Michelle Silva, and
Harper's Bazaar Espana Shows Us The Ultimate 'No Pants' Outfit (PHOTOS) PHOTO
Isabel Marant Sneaker Wedges For Spring Are Confusing (POLL, PHOTOS) Women's shoes are a frequent topic of conversation in The Huffington Post offices. Our team here at Stylelist is equally
How To Wear Yellow Gryphon \Happy\ Mini Skirt, $345 at Intermixonline.com, Love Moschino Blouse, $115 at Yoox.com Check out our gallery below
Jessica Simpson Baby Shower Considering how big Simpson's belly has gotten (did you see that Elle cover?), we're thinking it was a savvy move to choose
Emotions, First of All Life is already a great emotion in itself -- and I think that young people who have big dreams should live them with emotion, or they will only conceive soulless projects, unemotionally.
Mikachu Makes A Appearance From Keiko Lynn
Floral Pants And Polka Dot Sweater From De Lune
What The Stylelist Staff Bought This Weekend On the weekends, we Stylelist editors and Blogger Network members practice what we preach, which entails scouring flea markets
Alessandra Codinha, Writer In our series FaceTime, we find inspiring girls around New York City and dissect their look. This week we met Alessandra
DIY Nail Art Inspired By Giuseppe Zanotti's Tribal Heel-Less Shoes Brooklyn, New York-based manicurist Colleen Campbell was challenged by one of her Giuseppe-wearing clients to mimic the tribal
Home Before Any Place Twice a month, you remember why it's all worth it. While every night in-between, you ask yourself exactly when it was that your happiness became worth so little?
Milan Fashion Week Fall 2012 Favorites From Having It All
Alice Dellal Chanel Ads Debut, Are As 'Punky' As Expected (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Check out the newest face of the French brand. Do you dig the darker feel of the new Chanel spots? Now the print ads are
Jennifer Lopez Met Gala Performance In The Works? (PHOTOS, POLL) Birds are chirping and the weather's warming, which can only mean one thing
Kate Middleton Speech Is Duchess' First Public Talk As Royal (VIDEO, PHOTOS) We were pondering the other day how rarely we get to hear Catherine, who's spent almost a year as the Duchess of Cambridge
Karolina Kurkova In Elie Saab Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Shop a similar ensemble below and check out
Dispatch From Africa Unlike NYFW and it's European counterparts, ARISE Magazine Fashion Week kept its audience captive in daily shows that generally started at 6 p.m. and ended at 1 a.m. and featured up to 22 designers a day.
Jennifer Aspen, 'GCB' Actress, Loves Spanx, Miu Miu Clogs And More Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Other front row stars at New York Fashion Week
Vivien Leigh in Italy Getty Images Shop the look and check out more from our A Look Back archives
Jennifer Lopez Met Gala Performance In The Works? (PHOTOS, POLL) Will it be J. Lo? Will it be Adele? Or perhaps it might be Taylor Swift, who landed Vogue's February cover, or fashion fave
Are Anklets Making A Comeback? From Karla's Closet
Street Style Spotting, Purple Hat In Rome From Advanced Style
Simon Spurr Exits Eponymous Label But \what's gone on\ might seem to imply that something has actually happened, rather than Spurr simply tiring of the job
Alexander Wang Lawsuit Will Move To Federal Court Representatives of Alexander Wang's brand continue to deny all allegations, telling Women's Wear Daily on March 6, \The company
Daphne Groeneveld Invisible Eyebrows Daphne Groeneveld has been in the biz since 2010, but the Dutch model landed on our radar when she appeared on LOVE's roundup
Daphne Groeneveld Invisible Eyebrows But we sort of accepted the bleached brow look as a \Dragon Tattoo\-era thing, not assuming the style would stick. In reality
Alexander Wang Lawsuit Will Move To Federal Court Things are getting complicated, y'all. Now they'll have to take those protestations to court. Read more at NYPost.com. After
Kris Jenner's A Shopaholic For Pregnant Kourtney Kardashian Kris Jenner has a shopping problem \u2013 and it's not sitting well with one of her daughters. In anticipation of the newest addition
Simon Spurr Exits Eponymous Label Reasons for Spurr's sudden exit are unknown. In an email to WWD, he said simply
Kate Middleton Bonds With Adorable Children (PHOTOS) Being a royal means many things
Date Night Outfit From What I Wore
Model Alliance Survey Reveals Many Girls Exposed To Sexual Harassment, Cocaine Now, Model Alliance has released the results of their new industry survey, which Fashionista published. A new industry survey
Elle Fanning-Inspired Style From The Ray And The Ro
Fashionably Late Welcome to Fashionably Late, where we round up the style scraps that didn't make it to our news page this week. Click through
Model Alliance Survey Reveals Many Girls Exposed To Sexual Harassment, Cocaine Ziff, fashion writer Jenna Sauers and others sent an anonymous online survey to 241 working models, and only 85 responded
Vanessa Williams' Beauty Evolution (PHOTOS) If there was a class for rising stars on how to overcome controversy, Vanessa Williams would be the perfect teacher. Crowned
Lazy Beauty When I'm at home and need to gather my curls into an updo, I usually reach for bobby pins. However, a few of my fellow Stylelist
See The Junk In These Fashionistas' Car Trunks! (PHOTOS) While I was living in NYC, I was fascinated with what women could fit into their handbags. But now that I live in LA, I'm
New York Street Style This week's Neighborhood Watch focuses on the stylish set that inhabit Williamsburg, one of Brooklyn's coolest spots. To
7 Alternatives To Skinny Blue Jeans (PHOTOS) Stylelist Blogger Network member Geri Hirsch of Because I'm Addicted was in a rush and rather than grabbing standard skinny
Blue Turban Paired WIth A Top Knot From Because I'm Addicted
Evil Eye Pendents From WhyDid?
Cobalt Blue Shorts & Printed Tank From Some Notes On Napkins
H&M Exclusive Conscious Collection Already Worn By Amanda Seyfried, Michelle Williams (PHOTOS) Oscar nominee Viola Davis has reportedly been seen in the hot-pink sleeveless top and skirt, and Kristin Davis wore a green
Karl Lagerfeld i-D Magazine Cover For Spring 2012 Features Self-Portait, Natch (PHOTO) Lagerfeld has photographed himself for numerous magazines such as Vice, Elle UK, V Man and most recently, French Elle. And
Candice Bergen Travels in Style \A Look Back\ is a daily column that highlights a moment from fashion's fabulous past. Today's pick is of Candice Bergen
\Fashion Star\ Host Elle Macpherson Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. WHAT
Kate Moss, Cate Blanchett, Rihanna And More Style Slips This Week (PHOTOS) We are still in shock at who made our worst-dressed list this week. Usually these ladies end up on our other list, but there
A Special Day There were two crucial moments yesterday when I received the L\u00e9gion d'Honneur. The first one occurred during the lunch held at the Italian Embassy. The second one was at the \u00c9lys\u00e9e, with President Nicholas Sarkozy and the Premi\u00e8re Dame Carla.
Alessandra Ambrosio \I already have jobs planned for afterwards so hopefully will be back in shape! [...] I told my booker and my manager; 'I
Donald Trump Fragrance Making A Return If you're the kind of person who thinks, \You know, what the world really needs is more celebrity perfumes,\ you're in luck
Jennifer Lawrence Tom Ford Dress Is The Best Thing Ever (PHOTOS) Between her bright red lips, gold strappy shoes and classic over-the-shoulder pose, Jennifer Lawrence owned the red carpet
Rare Fashion Rips Off Victoria Beckham, Michael Kors? (PHOTOS, POLL) Check out the looks below, from the runway and red carpet -- do you think either is a case of fashion plagiarism? The Fashion
LOOK We adored Elisabeth Moss as the lovable Zoey Bartlet on \The West Wing\ and now can't get enough of her as the strong and
New York Fall 2012 Lip Trends Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Check out the video for a step-by-step how
Plukka Ring And Vintage Bag From Beckerman Bite Plate
Adding A Neon Bag From Kailani's Korner
The White Jeans Uniform From Shut Up I Love That
Anna Wintour State Dinner Dress 2012 Is A Repeat! (PHOTOS) Wintour made for an ideal guest at the event, which honored British Prime Minister Cameron and the UK's chummy relationship
Kate Middleton Plays Field Hockey With UK's Olympic Team (PHOTOS) As an official Team GB ambassador for the 2012 Olympic Games, Catherine toured the park and met with Olympic staff. Good
January Jones 'Mad Men' Premiere Dress We dig her retro bob and glossed lips (very, uh, \Mad Men\), but still, we're not sure what to think about the dress. It
Ashley Greene's Mixed and Matched Ensemble Fame WHERE
Michelle Obama State Dinner 2012 Mrs. Cameron wore blue as well, but opted for a three-quarter sleeve lace dress designed by the Italian-born and London-based
Pantone Olympian Blue #19-4056 And The Fashion And Beauty Trends That Match (PHOTOS) In our series, Pantone Color of the Week, we take swatches from the company's color report and translate it to fashion and
Anoraks For Weather That Can't Make Up Its Mind (PHOTOS) Just last week I was pulling out my puffer coat to brave the harsh winds. Now it's suddenly all spring -- is this just a
Maiyet, Brand Founded By Human Rights Lawyer, Encourages Entrepreneurship (VIDEO) At first glance, Maiyet appears like any other luxury label available at Barneys - chic, fresh and with a price tag to match
The Girl Scouts and Their Netiquette Pledge For the past 100 years, the Girl Scouts of America have embraced their \scout's honor.\ Today's Girl Scouts have evolved into more than just selling cookies and collecting badges.
Chiara Gibertini, Architecture Intern In our series FaceTime, we find inspiring girls around New York City and dissect their look. Photo/Art
Robyn Pared Down Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Getty Images Shop the look below and then take
Shopper Seeks $50K, Chanel Bags From Lane Crawford After Allegedly Being Locked In VIP Room (PHOTOS) 32-year-old Dion Leung Wai-yin says she went to the Lane Crawford store to validate the authenticity of a HK$17,900 Chanel
The Best Of Bright Beauty With spring just around the corner, the promise of sunlit days and breezy nights means it's time we trade in our earthy neutrals
LA Fashion Week vs. NYC Fashion Week Does NYC really care about what is going on at LA Fashion Week?  And how is fashion a reflection of the varying cultural attitudes and styles?
American Idol Style Each contestant was asked to give a tear sheet, or several, of looks they loved from fashion magazines.
Grace Coddington Memoir Will Be Based On Her Diaries In case you'd forgotten, the Vogue editor, who we fell in love with from 2009's \The September Issue\ and have been missing
Spring Cleaning For Your Closet Set aside a few hours and make sure you're motivated because you're going to make some important (and difficult!) decisions
Tips and Recipes for Safely Using Essential Oils Natural, essential oils are a sound choice when using fragrance, body lotions and oils. They sound luscious, they smell great, but beware! They must be used carefully, so follow these easy tips and recipes.
Juley, 'Swank Heights' Blogger, Loves Black And White Ensembles (PHOTOS) In her most recent post, newest Stylelist Blogger Network member Juley of Swank Heights sports one of her signature black
Expert Advice for Taking the Red Plunge Because red hair is a top trend, many women ask questions on going red. I'm bringing you the top questions and answers on how to rock your red hair.
January Jones 'Mad Men' Premiere Dress But that's just our two cents... what do you think? Check out her frock and vote below. We dig her retro bob and glossed
Anna Wintour State Dinner Dress 2012 Is A Repeat! (PHOTOS) She also, of course, is a key Obama supporter, having raised at least half a million dollars for the president's reelection
Asma Assad, First Lady Of Syria, Revealed To Be Avid Shopper At the same time, according to new emails obtained by the Guardian, President Bashar Assad's wife, Asma, spent thousands
Chanel Jacket 'Making Of' Video Is Captivating (VIDEO, PHOTOS) With all the manpower that goes into it, you realize why these coveted jackets are so pricey -- and thus why they're worn
Michelle Obama's Favorite Color Is it cerulean? Indigo? Cobalt? Regardless of what you want to call it, we suspect this is Mrs. Obama's all-time favorite
Chanel Jacket 'Making Of' Video Is Captivating (VIDEO, PHOTOS) Check out our slideshow of the famous Chanel jacket in all its iterations -- black and pastel, cropped and long, embellished
Elizabeth Banks At 'The Hunger Games' UK Premiere Goes Bright & Bronzed (PHOTOS) Ready or not, here comes \The Hunger Games.\ As did her face. Elizabeth kept her eye makeup simple but layered on a heavy
Eva Longoria's Beauty Evolution (PHOTOS) Meanwhile, head over to Latino Voices for 10 fun facts about Eva Longoria. Longoria's streak of success continued as she
How To Clean Your Makeup Brushes (VIDEO, POLL) When was the last time you cleaned your blush, eyeshadow or powder brush? I can't recall the last time I sudsed up my makeup
How To Wear Mules And Not Look Like Your Grandmother Getty Images/GoRunway Click through the slideshow below to shop the story. 2. When wearing a mule with jeans, try on a pair
Chanel Gardenia, Diptyque Rose And More When you hear fragrance names like \Someday\ or \Unbreakable Bond,\ wrapping your head around what the scent may actually
Anjelica Huston's Hippie Style Shop the look below and then take check out more from our A Look Back archives
Felicity Jones 'Vogue Italia' Spread Gets Dark (PHOTOS) Check out Jones for Vogue Italia. Do you like Felicity in the gloomy spread or do you prefer her in a more cheerful light
Felicity Jones 'Vogue Italia' Spread Gets Dark (PHOTOS) But like any good style star, Jones can slide seamlessly from light to dark. For Vogue Italia's March 2012 issue, Jones shrugged
Kate Upton Banned Ad For Zoo York Rejected For Profanity, 'Erect Nipple' (VIDEO) Zoo York, a skateboard and apparel company owned by Marc Ecko, decided to seize the zeitgeist and put Sports Illustrated
Franca Sozzani Awarded Legion Of Honor (PHOTOS) The editor-in-chief of Vogue Italia was honored today with the Legion of Honour, the highest decoration awarded by France's
The Laura Siegel Fall Collection For Laura Siegel, design is a story about the unrestrained, rugged beauty of nature and the indigenous people who inspire and help mold her effortless collections.
Isaac Mizrahi On 'Unzipped' Regrets, Wanting To Be An Actor And 'The Real Housewives' Mizrahi is secure enough in himself to admit his guilty pleasure is another Bravo show, \The Real Housewives\ - but only
Salma Hayek's Silk Airport Pajamas Was Hayek pulling a page from Rachel Roy's famous red carpet jammies? But regardless of how you feel about her outfit, you've
Karl Lagerfeld Has Never Been To A Supermarket (Via Styleite) And that wraps up this edition of The Fabulous Life Of Karl Lagerfeld. Tune in next time, when we may or may
FLOTUS & Samantha Cameron Have Another Fashion Faceoff! (PHOTOS) FLOTUS opted for a sleek gray dress and jacket from Zac Posen for the sunny day in D.C., while Samantha Cameron apparently
Is Camilla, Duchess Of Cornwall, Wearing Princess Diana's Pendant? (PHOTOS, POLL) Do you think it's OK for Camilla to wear (or even copy!) Princess Diana's jewelry? Check out the photos and vote below! The
Franca Sozzani Awarded Legion Of Honor (PHOTOS) (By contrast, Anna Wintour certainly did not livetweet her own Legion of Honour ceremony. Anna Wintour does not even use
Kate Upton Banned Ad For Zoo York Rejected For Profanity, 'Erect Nipple' (VIDEO) We've contacted MTV and Adult Swim for comment and will update when we hear back. As the talking bugs debate which pipes
Drugstore Beauty While we regularly dash into the drugstore for a whole slew of staples -- Tide, toilet paper, Advil Liqui-Gels -- the whole
Kimi Recor 'Positive Greater Than Negative' Blogger Shares Her SXSW Road Trip Photos Stylelist Blogger Network member Kimi Recor is performing at South by Southwest with her band, Black Flamingo, and decided
Sleeveless Jackets A vest brings to mind the pinstriped, cropped topper that Bonnie (or Clyde for that matter) would wear. Typically menswear
Gloria Sachs, Fashion Designer, Dies At 85 Born in Scarsdale, N.Y. on February 17, 1927, Sachs had spent over half a century in the fashion world. She worked as a textile
Anna Dello Russo's Traveling Wardrobe Includes Celine Bags, Repossi Jewelry And Wild Headgear (PHOTOS) Ah, The Coveteur, you have done it again. Last week, the style site took us inside the home of Tommy and Dee Hilfiger and
Teenage Paparazzo Empowerment Tour Adrian Grenier is using Teenage Paparazzo as a tool to reach out to young adults. Adrian was so passionate about this cause that it was a pleasure to speak with him and to learn more about it.
Samantha Cameron Wears Burberry For U.S. Visit, Meets With Michelle Obama (PHOTOS) Britain's prime minister David Cameron and his wife, Samantha Cameron, finally touched down on this side of the pond on Tuesday
Hair How-To It's just about that time of year when I notice an influx of young girls sporting super tight cornrows -- tell-tale signs
Scandinavian Design The Scandinavians do not pursue glory, like the French, or world influence, as do the Americans. They focus, instead, on carving out an exclusive, unpretentious niche. With its rich history and traditions, how will Scandinavian design evolve in the future?
What Should Be In Every Woman's Cosmetics Drawer Many of the women that ask me about makeup all have one thing in common, they have no idea how to organize their own personal makeup kits at home.
Olivier Martinez Wears His Sunglasses at Night But he did have a good reason why he was opening a restaurant in Miami. \I have a lot of friends here.\ Okay, I'll take that
H&M Bird Blouse From My Style Pill
8 Ways To Wear Green On St. Patrick's Day Without Looking Cheesy (PHOTOS) Each year, hundreds of thousands of Guinness-swigging, green boa-and-bead wearing people look forward to the party that is
Transitional Knits Under $100 From A New Mode
Mytheresa.com Is Our Site Of The Week (PHOTOS) I came across luxury site mytheresa.com when a friend ordered a faux-fur jacket that she had been coveting for months. Thrilled
Padma Lakshmi Does Courtside Chic Shop a similar ensemble below and check out more of our Look Of The Day picks. Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist
Chengdu University Of Technology Students Mimic Victoria's Secret Fashion Show (VIDEO) Photos and video have started popping up online of a lingerie fashion show staged by students of the School of Radio, Film
Jessica Biel Covers 'W' Magazine, Flashes Sideboob (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Jessica Biel took some time away from flashing her giant engagement ring to pose for the April cover of W magazine, where
Jessica Biel Covers 'W' Magazine, Flashes Sideboob (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Scroll down for more photos. Check out the pics and screen test video below, where Jess illustrates a love of both a) white
Gisele Banco Do Brasil Commercial Is Making Us Dizzy (VIDEO) The flying towards the end is a bit dizzying, but overall the ad's not half bad. At least it's not as awkward as Miranda
Kardashian Kollection Ad Features Some Uber Bronzed Kardashian Sisters (PHOTO) As a reminder that their Sears collection is still around, the Kardashian sisters got together and posed for another Kardashian
Franca Sozzani Franca also defends her sometimes-controversial decisions, such as putting together the site's separate \Black\ and \Curvy
Gisele Banco Do Brasil Commercial Is Making Us Dizzy (VIDEO) As if Gisele needed more gigs to pad her resume, the Brazilian model has signed on as the face of Banco do Brasil. The flying
'The Bachelor' Season 16, Ep. 11 Style Recap PHOTOS
Seafoam Green Seafoam, the color just a shade more green than a Tiffany blue, will be everywhere soon. It's time to start updating your
Hillary Clinton Wardrobe Repeat Hillary Clinton has always struck us a low-key, unflashy dresser. So when she stepped out in January in back-to-back Chanel
Jewel-Toned Nail Polish And More Of Our Manicures This Weekend (PHOTOS) On the weekends, we Stylelist editors and Blogger Network members take advantage of weekend down time to prettify our nails
Agyness Deyn For Dr. Martens Collection To Debut In Fall (PHOTOS) Agyness Deyn may not be as young as she once claimed (the 29-year-old recently admitted she's been lying about her age all
Tommy Hilfiger Opens Up About Racial Allegations, Brand's Staying Power At 92nd Street Y Tommy Hilfiger launched his namesake fashion empire nearly 30 years ago, and he shows no signs of slowing down. Hilfiger's
Tommy Hilfiger Opens Up About Racial Allegations, Brand's Staying Power At 92nd Street Y In an interview conducted by Fern Mallis at the 92nd Street Y in New York on Thursday, the 60-year-old designer opened up
Nicole Richie WHAT
Agyness Deyn For Dr. Martens Collection To Debut In Fall (PHOTOS) \The brand is a great fit for me, as it stands for strong character and being able to shape your own personal identity,\u201d Deyn
Jude Law Sweater Leaves Us Scratching Our Heads (PHOTO) Law, a noted sweater fan, paired the jumper with baggy shorts and bright blue tennis shoes. Oh, Jude Law... what exactly
Gwyneth Paltrow, Liv Tyler And More Celebrities Love Blue Stella McCartney Dresses (PHOTOS) For the last several seasons, Stella McCartney has shown her love of a rich, royal blue on the runways. Once again for fall
Piers Morgan Reportedly Still Upset About That Kate Moss Kick Read more at Mirror.co.uk. \Kate Moss is utterly horrific,\ he adds. \If people actually knew what she was like they would
Madonna 'Truth Or Dare' Shoe Line To Debut This Fall (PHOTO) Madonna previously released a Truth or Dare fragrance as part of her new line, which targets women ages 27 to 50. Her shoe
Jennifer Lopez Vogue Cover For April Is Her Second Ever (PHOTO) We get it, Jenny. You're fabulous. As Fashionista so keenly spotted, some grainy pics are surfacing of Vogue's April cover
Marni Mayhem I am often mortified (post acquisition) at what I will/would/will endure to hunt and gather the objects of my affection. Case in point? The activities surrounding the March 8 sale of uber expensive Marni for H&M.
Annabelle Wallis, 'W.E.' Actress, Loves Shu Uemura, J. Crew And More \W.E.\ starlet Annabelle Wallis is one of our latest style crushes. We first spotted the British actress in her role as Jane
Fashion Industry Considers Biodiversity When Sourcing Materials Though it is a term that is arguably clunkier than \sustainability\ -- biodiversity is slowly becoming a topic of interest within the sphere of sourcing and design.
Are You There Ashton Kutcher? It's Me, Erin After doing some research and, let's be honest, some intensive Googling, I've come up with a list of ways to possibly get Ashton Kutcher to invest in your fashion startup.
Dispatch From Africa As designer after designer took a bow -- I found myself doing something I usually refrain from at fashion shows -- giving applause. I was as proud of them as they were of their continent.
A Tray of Green Cupcakes Accents are funny things, instantly accepted or rejected by their very sound.  In New York I was the only kid at school with an Irish brogue.
Jennifer Lopez Vogue Cover For April Is Her Second Ever (PHOTO) Think they asked her about her \nip slip\ in the Vogue interview? We get it, Jenny. You're fabulous. Although Jennifer hasn't
Madonna 'Truth Or Dare' Shoe Line To Debut This Fall (PHOTO) Madonna is slinking her way into footwear now, as her Truth or Dare product line Frankenstein continues to lumber its way
Piers Morgan Reportedly Still Upset About That Kate Moss Kick Maybe you had forgotten, but it seems the CNN host is still sore about the whole thing. In 2010 Morgan recalled to the Daily
Garance Dor\u00e9 Loves Charlotte Olympia Shoes, Corinne Bailey Rae's Hair (VIDEO) Paris Fashion Week may be over, but fortunately for us Garance Dor\u00e9's video diary series continues. In this episode of \Pardon
Hailey Clauson Urban Outfitters Lawsuit Headed To Court Clauson also recently attracted media buzz with a questionable photo shoot for Pop magazine, which shows her being \strangled
Jason Segel Talks Wardrobe Malfunction At The Oscars On 'Ellen' (VIDEO) To see what Segel did next, watch the clip below! Wardrobe malfunctions tend to happen to women, just because we ladyfolk
Taylor Davies, 'Shut Up I Love That' Blogger, Shows Off Her 11 Best Looks (PHOTOS) What are your tips for aspiring bloggers? Write everyday, find a niche that no one else has filled, create original content
5 Ways To Wear A Fishtail Skirt From Sammy Davis Vintage
Rated X-Ray The recent fad may have started with Lady Gaga, the pop-star provocateur who wore a red lace dress over matching undies to MTV's September 2009 Video Music Awards. But many other celebrities have jumped on the transparent trend.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) No time to page through thousands of eBay listings? Then just sneak a peek at my weekly eBay roundup of top vintage clothing finds.
NCLA And Melody Eshani Nail Wraps Collection From The Ray And The Ro
Nike NSW Jacket From Lulu And Your Mom
Julianne Moore In Emerald Green Getty Images WHERE
Prince Harry Royal Tour Wraps Up With Polo Match, Goofy Mask (PHOTOS) He even ran the Sport Relief mile in Rio de Janeiro-- while wearing a ridiculous mask of his brother's face. What a sport
Helen Mirren Fur Collar Has Us A Bit Perplexed (PHOTOS, POLL) This weekend Helen walked the red carpet for the German premiere of \The Door,\ in which she stars alongside Anthony Hopkins
Tommy And Dee Hilfiger Open Up Their Home (PHOTOS) What do Tommy Hilfiger and his wife Dee have in common? Not only do they both have clothing lines (Dee recently launched
Whitney Port Launches a New (Less Expensive!) Line What\u2019s a girl to do when her clothing line has found success? Create another one! Whitney Port is launching a new line, WE
Helen Mirren Fur Collar Has Us A Bit Perplexed (PHOTOS, POLL) This weekend Helen walked the red carpet for the German premiere of \The Door,\ in which she stars alongside Anthony Hopkins
Fashionably Late Welcome to Fashionably Late, where we round up the style scraps that didn't make it to our news page this week. Click through
How To Mix Orange And Navy From Swank Heights
Jessica Lichtenstein, Artist, Dyes Her Hair Pink From Color Makes All The Difference
Vintage Swimsuit Look For $30 From What I Wore
Princess Charlene Opens Grace Kelly Fashion Exhibit In Australia With Sexy New Look (PHOTOS) Charlene married Albert II, the only son of Grace Kelly and Prince Rainier III, in July of 2011. \Grace Kelly
Hot On Pinterest In our first installment of Hot On Pinterest, we bring you five stylish pinners that have caught our attention. From one
How Courtier Modeling Agency Wound Up on a CW Reality Show Article by
Advice to My Daughters I'm constantly on the search for the tools in life that will help me get it right with my children more than I get it wrong. I have gained insight and a few tips that help me strive for what I crave
Michelle Obama Repeats Tracy Reese Dress For President's Dinner Contest 2012 (PHOTOS) Click through the slideshow to see Mrs. Obama looking casual and cool at dinner last night! The first lady looked flawless
Versace Fall 2012 FashGif We've teamed up with Greta Larkins, the genius behind the brilliant tumblr Fashgif in a weekly series of animated fashion
The 200-Year-Old Skincare Routine That Still Really Works In 2009, Vicky Tsai, the founder of Tatcha, first introduced a line of gold leaf blotting papers (the most glamorous ones
Kate Middleton, Alicia Keys And Katy Perry Top Our Best-Dressed List This Week (PHOTOS) Paris Fashion Week is over, bringing to a close a month of back-to-back fashion weeks. There were plenty of celebrities and
How To Take A Pantsuit From Day To Night (PHOTOS) Getting dressed for day can be as easy as one, two, three, but when you have to quickly go from dressed down to dressed up
Marc Jacobs In A Pink Dress WHAT
Is Vogue Italia's 'Haute Mess' Fashion Feature Racist? (PHOTOS, POLL) This is what Vibe had to say about the matter
Rules of Netiquette for Texting If you've been texting with friends at work and at home, what happens when you take that habit into a business meeting?
Jennifer Aniston Leather Leggings On 'The Tonight Show' Theroux, as we've noticed, has not only had an influence on Jen's happiness, emotional love, etc. Since hooking up with the
Lindsay Lohan Red Hair Returns! (PHOTOS, POLL) It's back! Perhaps she was just jealous of her sister Ali's new hairstyle, or tired of getting mixed up with other blonde
Cameron Diaz Tag Heuer Campaign Bills Actress As 'Beautiful Rebel' (PHOTO) Cameron Diaz doesn't play it safe. This risk-taking quality makes her the perfect fit with the Swiss Avant-Garde brand. TAG
Cameron Diaz Tag Heuer Campaign Bills Actress As 'Beautiful Rebel' (PHOTO) Cameron Diaz doesn\u2019t play it safe. This risk-taking quality makes her the perfect fit with the Swiss Avant-Garde brand. TAG
Lindsay Lohan Red Hair Returns! (PHOTOS, POLL) Lindsay Lohan inspired a collective \wheeeee!\ from style-minded fans everywhere when she finally ditched her bleached blonde
See Jessica Biel's Engagement Ring -- Finally! We\u2019ve been waiting -- and we must say, we\u2019re very impressed. Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel enjoyed a late lunch at Brentwood
Dispatch From Africa Those keeping their eyes fixed solely on the catwalk saw why the wait was worth it
Jennifer Aniston Leather Leggings On 'The Tonight Show' So it was on Thursday night, as Jen took the hot seat with Jay Leno on \The Tonight Show\ to chat about pets, Chelsea Handler
Primark Selling Prabal Gurung Ripoffs? (PHOTOS) Bloggers for The Fashion Law noticed the similarity between Primark's newest products and Prabal's, posting an Instagram
Angelina Jolie vs. Emma Stone In Gucci We were obsessed with Emma's look back then, but we're kind of liking Angie's version of it now. Check out the unlikely style
Primark Selling Prabal Gurung Ripoffs? (PHOTOS) Has Irish budget retailer Primark ripped off Prabal? Many -- maybe even the designer himself -- seem to think so. As The
See Jessica Biel's Engagement Ring -- Finally! We've been waiting -- and we must say, we're very impressed. Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel enjoyed a late lunch at Brentwood
Claudia Cardinale Lounges In Checked Pants Shop the look below and then take check out more from our A Look Back archives
European Chess Tournaments Soon To Be Less Cleavage-y, Thanks To New Rules D\u00e9collet\u00e9s are partly covered in our regulations, which state that in respect to shirts the second from the top button may
Tommy And Dee Hilfiger Open Up Their Home (PHOTOS) What do Tommy Hilfiger and his wife Dee have in common? Not only do they both have clothing lines (Dee recently launched
Liza Minnelli's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) As Judy Garland's daughter, it's no surprise that Liza Minnelli is a film, musical and theater sensation. Although she first
Heidi Klum Speaks On Seal Split For First Time In Elle's April 2012 Issue (PHOTOS) But despite her calm statement, Klum also revealed that she's going through a tumultuous time
Heidi Klum Speaks On Seal Split For First Time In Elle's April 2012 Issue (PHOTOS) Seal, however, has talked openly about the split, saying on an Australian radio program, \I felt that people at least had
12 Sporty Watches Under $100 That Have Us Ready For Spring (PHOTOS) The athletic trend will be big this spring. At the spring 2012 shows we saw parachute pants at Rag & Bone, nylon windbreakers
Lazy Beauty Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, and Pinterest. Socialite and philanthropist Michelle
Dating as a Vegan I worried, as she did, that the word \vegan\ could trigger fear in the heart of the average NYC male. But did I want to date the average NYC male? The answer was no.
The Streets of Paris Everything moves on. As the French say, \plus ca change, plus ca reste le meme.\ The more it changes, the more it stays the
Iris Schieferstein's Hoof Shoes Bring Fashion Taxidermy To Life (PHOTOS, POLL) Schieferstein's shoes go for about $5,500 (or 3,900 euros) but can only be worn a couple of hours at a time, because, surprisingly
Color Trends Of The Year Coral is one of those colors that puts a smile on everyone's face. It's the hue of tropical fruits and summery jewelry; it
'Louis Vuitton - Marc Jacobs Fast-forward a century and enter Marc Jacobs. The current exhibit, which was celebrated Wednesday night by the designer-of
Banana Republic 'Mad Men' Airplane Show Caught Passengers By Surprise (VIDEO) In this new behind-the-scenes video, seen here for the first time, you can see the passengers with their headphones jammed
Michelle Obama vs. Hillary Clinton And because we're sartorially minded, we couldn't help but note that both Mrs. Obama and Mrs. Clinton pull off their very
Julianne Moore 'Game Change' Makeover Took Two Hours Everyday (VIDEO, POLL) Watch the trailer
Elizabeth Olsen In A Velvet Suit She also wore chic shades by the brand that bears her name
Elizabeth Olsen In A Velvet Suit Yves Saint Laurent may have started it all with \Le Smoking,\ but pantsuits are still going strong for ladies with style
Elizabeth Olsen In A Velvet Suit Yves Saint Laurent may have started it all with \Le Smoking,\ but pantsuits are still going strong for ladies with style
Julianne Moore 'Game Change' Makeover Took Two Hours Everyday (VIDEO, POLL) Watch the trailer
Darren Aronofsky's Jennifer Lopez Kohls Commercial Two great tastes that taste great together? Um, sure! To celebrate Jennifer Lopez's new Kohls clothing line, \Classic
Mackage's Canadian Employee On New York Style What are your favorite pieces in the collection? This beautiful flowy piece that has a tight dress underneath. If you\u2019re
Marc Jacobs' Louis Vuitton Exhibit Party, Pink Dress Close Out Paris Fashion Week (PHOTOS) Closing out what seemed like an endless month of Fashion Week after Fashion Week, Marc Jacobs partied with his best high
'Fashion Star' Preview Video The NBC show, hosted by newly single Elle Macpherson, will premiere on March 13th at 9:30 ET. He interrupts, telling Richie
Kate Middleton Sports A Peplum For Diamond Jubilee! (PHOTOS) Yesterday we received the amazing news that the Duchess of Cambridge shops at thrift stores, but today, Catherine made rounds
Travel Essentials From Wit & Whimsy
Last Minute Ensemble From Ramshackle Glam
Perfect Outfit For Work And Weekend From Fashion Is Poison
Pantone Rose Smoke #14-1508 And The Fashion And Beauty Trends That Match (PHOTOS) In our series, Pantone Color of the Week, we take swatches from the company's Color Report and translate it to fashion and
Sarah Jessica Parker At Louis Vuitton WHO
Dispatch From Africa Could a country that could barely provide consistent energy sufficiently lead development in Africa's fashion industry? Is ARISE truly the brand that can guide in that development?
Re-Cycling Simple pieces, built around austere engineering principles. Light-touch design. Little or no rhetorical flourishes -- the way it ought to be. That's the focus of this week's spread.
I Stole My... Aunt's Earrings Tiptoeing up the stairs and sneaking pass the master bedroom, I made my way to the end of the hall where a small guest room
What's Hot With Celeb Moms I am a product of the New York City School System. I know firsthand what budget cuts can do to teachers and students. Now more than ever, they need a little help!
How To Wear Paisley 2. To add some flair, try it on as one full outfit, pairing a sheer, paisley-printed blouse with an airy pair of colorful
Katharina Rembi, Model In our series FaceTime, we find inspiring girls around New York City and dissect their look. Photo/Art
Paloma Picasso, Jewelry And Fragrance Designer, In The 1980s \A Look Back\ is a daily column that highlights a moment from fashion's fabulous past. Today's pick is of Pablo Picasso's
Kate Middleton Consignment Dress But still. STILL. Of course, the only way to prove 100% that THAT was the dress Kate wore to the art gallery is if Kate announces
Kate Middleton Consignment Dress Of course, the only way to prove 100% that THAT was the dress Kate wore to the art gallery is if Kate announces it herself
Andrej Pejic Wears 'C**t' Hat, Swimsuit For Adeen Accessories Campaigns (PHOTOS, VIDEO) In the photo and video spots, Andrej, who's famous for transitioning between female and male aesthetics with ease, mugs for
Lie Sang Bong Paints Models' Faces Brown For Fall 2012 Show (PHOTOS, POLL) On the last day of Paris Fashion Week, as most editors packed up their bags and took that one last swig of champagne, Korean
Abercrombie & Fitch Employees Forced To Do Push-Ups, Squats A former employee, who preferred to speak anonymously, confirmed to Corriere della Sera that he did do plenty of push-ups
The Secret To A Perfect French Manicure From De Lune
'Haute Mess' By Steven Meisel From Love Is The New Black
Pastel Me, Please From WhyDid? From soft mint, to sweet lavender and blushy pinks, all the colors of the evening sky are showing up on everything
Jenna Fischer's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) Jenna Fischer might be the girl who gets laughs, but she's also the girl that can make heads turn with her good looks and
Kelsey Beck Kelsey used a bathing suit she already owned and drew from her experience packaging herself as a stellar collegiate student-athlete (Harvard, like all Ivy League schools, recruits for their sports teams, but they do not offer athletic scholarships) to prepare for the interview portion of the pageant.
Kristen Wiig At The \Friends With Kids\ Screening WHERE
Marc Jacobs' Louis Vuitton Fall 2012 Show Turned Into A Train Station (PHOTOS) Take a look at the magic from this morning's Louis Vuitton Fall 2012 show by clicking through the photos below -- and head
Abercrombie & Fitch Employees Forced To Do Push-Ups, Squats \Now every time we make a mistake [...] we will do ten push-ups. Squats for women. This will bring about a great result
Jennifer Love Hewitt 'Maxim' Interview Reminds Us She's Still Vajazzling (PHOTOS) Well, [vagazzaling]'s a very descriptive term. The fun part of being a girl is that there are little beauty things you can
Watch A cylindrical piece of fabric converts between a dress and a top with a morphing neckline. A little red dress can be worn backward or forward, with caped sleeves or a bunched neck. A cone-shaped fabric flip-flops between a skirt and a shirt.
Jessica Simpson Nude Pregnant 'Elle' Cover It's not like the \pose in the buff while pregnant\ trope hasn't been a thing in the past
Sarah Jessica Parker Goes Sheer At Louis Vuitton Fall 2012 Show SJP's glamorous look is a big departure from her usual uniform when she's chasing her new twins around New York City
Queen Elizabeth II Attends British Order Service In Awesome Sparkly Regalia (PHOTOS) Queen Elizabeth II is definitely a girl-about-town, frequenting England's high places in a variety of cool hats and purses
Sienna Miller Pregnant Check out other celebrities who are expecting below
Mischa Barton 'Styled By June' Segment Shows The Star's Softer Side (VIDEO, PHOTOS) It's an image that could use a serious overhaul. With surprising candor, Mischa admits, \Press is definitely not one of my
Paris Fashion Week Fall 2012 Paris Fashion Week ended on Wednesday, and while we love seeing all the polished, elegant ensembles on the runway and in
DIY Tuxedo Pants And we're not alone -- celebrities from Kate Moss to Kourtney Kardashian are busy borrowing from the boys. Even Stylelist
Katy Perry Dresses Like A Grown-Up At Paris Fashion Week (PHOTOS) Whether you're a fan or not, you have to admit that Katy Perry's wardrobe is, at the very least, entertaining (for reference
Boyfriend Jeans That Won't Break The Bank (PHOTOS) Boyfriend jeans entered the national vernacular when they were photographed in 2008 hanging off the hips of Katie Holmes
Lakme Fashion Week Brings Beauty to Bombay 
DIY Nail Art Inspired By Honor Fall 2012 I tried my hardest to wear dark nail colors these cold-weather months, but after just a few days I get bored of them and
Guess The Celebrity's Red Carpet Hairstyle (QUIZ) The 2012 red carpet season was filled with celebrities donning expected hairdos like the classic chignon, glamorous waves
Glamour Magazine Embraces Perfect Imperfection Cynthia Leive, editor-in-chief of Glamour, has decided to take a stand against the impingement of obsessive retouching in the world of beauty. Her magazine has pledged that it won't be putting models on a digital diet.
Devi's Closet Offers Indian Couture in NYC New York fashionista Meera Patel's interest in Indian fashion designers piqued when she was planning her own wedding a few years ago -- now, her passion has become an e-rental business called Devi's Closet.
Erica Domesek of P.S. - I Made This Shares Her Favorite Hand-Me-Downs (PHOTOS) Erica Domesek has made a name for herself in the blogosphere by taking ordinary objects and turning them into something chic
Kimi of 'Positive Greater Than Negative' Is Inspired By 'Twin Peaks' Style (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Meanwhile, here's how to get Twin Peaks-inspired
'The Bachelor' Season 16, Ep. 10 Style Recap So how did they do? Did Jamie wear too much bronzer and something way too formal? Did Kacie's hair look flawless? Was Monica's
Christie Brinkley A 'Second-Rate Celebrity Starved For Attention,' Says Ex-Husband Peter Cook The model and her architect husband split in 2008 but have been trading barbs and court papers ever since. The latest skirmish
Bill Cunningham An amazing archive on the history of fashion, his eye won't overlook a single thing -- and there he is, focusing on you with his camera, and he won't let a single detail slip away.
The Moment I Knew I Had A Passion For Fashion (SUBMIT YOUR VIDEO) At HuffPost, we're kicking off an exciting new project and we'd love you to participate! It's called \The Moment I Knew,\ and
Rachel Weisz's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) Confession
Codie Young 'Playing Fashion' Cover It's a fun way to welcome in spring, but we're a little thrown off by two other aspects
Stefano Pilati's Yves Saint Laurent Designs Had Famous Fans (PHOTOS) Stefano Pilati, Yves Saint Laurent's creative director for the past eight years, walked the runway this morning after showing
Kanye West Debuts Second Clothing Collection At Paris Fashion Week Fall 2012, Twitter Reactions AND...Jay-Z and Anna Wintour are already in the house! Check out all the exciting tweets below--and we'll be updating as
Ashley, Mary-Kate Olsen 'Elle UK' Covers Are So Gorgeous, We Can't Pick A Favorite (PHOTOS, POLL) Check out the two pics. Seeing as there are two covers for one issue and the girls are twins, we feel obligated to ask
Gel Manicure Cancer? UV Drying Technique May Lead To Health Problems, Study Finds (VIDEO) However, these supposed dangers of gel manicures aren't limited to the fancier nail treatments
Rush Limbaugh Ties UPDATE
Kim Kardashian Kanye West Fashion Show Appearance Includes Those $6,000 Shoes (PHOTOS) In a move that really takes the Paris Fashion Week cake (er, g\u00e2teau?), Kim Kardashian showed up to Kanye West's runway show
Katy Perry Shopping In Paris WHERE
10 Simple Makeup Tips Today, as we are just getting to know each other, I will begin by contributing 10 simple makeup tips that you should live by!
Charlotte Casiraghi Gucci Ad Features Green & Red Stripes, No Horses Yet (PHOTO) See more of Charlotte below! Well, that was fast. \u201cOver the last two years I have had the pleasure and privilege to get to
Pump Up Your Green -- Redhead Style The color green is fantastic because there are so many shades to choose from and most of them won't make you look like a \leprechaun\ or a \Christmas tree,\ because they will flatter your red locks and features in more ways than one! So, where do you start, you ask?
Alexander Wang Hit With $50 Million Labor Lawsuit Alleging Unsafe Working Conditions UPDATE
Niki Taylor's Beauty Evolution (PHOTOS) After enduring such a great loss, Taylor was critically injured in a car accident in 2001 that forced her to undergo over
Christine Cameron, Blogger Behind 'My Style Pill,' Shows Off Her 19 Best Looks (PHOTOS) What does your beauty routine consist of? It's simple -- I use face cream, tinted moisturizer, concealer, light blush, mascara
Marni for H&M Video Shows Cool Girls Testing Out The Goods (VIDEO) The lookbook! Lest you go a single month without the thrill of a designer collaboration, Marni for H&M is almost here! The
Florence Welch's Style Icon When we say Florence Welch's style reminds us of Batman, we mean that in a good way. Because Batman is awesome. The red-haired
Prince Harry Royal Tour Another girl who thinks Harry's hot
Dark Glamour in Milan Milan brought out the darker, more sophisticated side of femininity. In this city of such history, it is only appropriate that designers embraced their regal heritage and presented us with dramatic yet provocative accessories collections.
Florence Welch's Style Icon The red-haired singer performed at Bournemouth this weekend wearing one of her typical cape-y ensembles
Mila Kunis Covers 'Harper's Bazaar' April 2012 (PHOTOS) Check out a few photos below and head to HarpersBazaar.com to see more or pick up the April issue on newsstands March 20
Marni for H&M Video Shows Cool Girls Testing Out The Goods (VIDEO) WATCH
Kim Kardashian Wears Leggings As Pants In California (PHOTOS, POLL) PHOTOS
Prince Harry Royal Tour His sister-in-law Kate may be easing her way into royalty with a few solo outings here and there. But Prince Harry (who's
What The Stylelist Staff Bought This Weekend On the weekends, we Stylelist editors and Blogger Network members practice what we preach, which entails scouring flea markets
An Open Letter To Lindsay Lohan The hair
Natalia Vodianova Half-Marathon Requires Dreaded, Disgusting Powerade (VIDEO) In her play-by-play description on Facebook, Natalia called the race \incredibly challenging,\ professing that she basically
Elle Macpherson Jeff Soffer Breakup Macpherson, 47, has called it quits with Jeff Soffer, her real-estate developer boyfriend of two years, the Australian Telegraph
Talking About Fashion Leaving a mark is never easy, but also settling for anything without distinction is not constructive for anyone. Taking some risks when making choices is always stimulating.
Jean Arthur Poses As Carmen \A Look Back\ is a daily column that highlights a moment from fashion's fabulous past. Today's pick is of American actress
On Set With Paul Mitchell From B. Jones Style
Flat Iron Tips By this point Ryan had realized that I was clearly clueless when it came to straightening my own hair, something I have done
Do It Daphne! Guinness Shines In Short Film Based On Ancient Chinese Legend During New York Fashion Week, photographic duo Markus and Indrani were finally able to screen their magical first film, The Legend of Lady White Snake.
9 Perfect Raffia Pieces For Spring (PHOTOS) At first glance, raffia may appear to be a fabric better suited for a hula skirt or beach hat than a polished ensemble the
Molly Sims In Diane Von Furstenberg And The Gap Shop the look below and check out more of our Look Of The Day picks. Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter
Spring Florals From Having It All
LA For A Day From Saucy Glossie
Natalia Vodianova Half-Marathon Requires Dreaded, Disgusting Powerade (VIDEO) Paris Fashion Week is busy week for any model, but it gets that much more hectic when you decide to throw a half-marathon
How To Wear Feathers Without Looking Cuckoo (PHOTOS) The question is, how to wear feathers without crying fowl (sorry, we had to). The key is to keep the rest of your look minimum
Pippa Middleton Goes Skiing For Charity With Brother, James (PHOTOS) (Not only did they raise plenty of cash -- the Daily Beast notes that they got help from friends in high places. Donors included
Katy Perry Viktor & Rolf Outfit Reminds Us Of Jennifer Lawrence (PHOTOS, POLL) Approaching the Espace Ephemere Tuileries on Saturday, Perry posed in a royal blue cutout Viktor & Rolf coat layered over
Elettra Wiedemann 'Scene' Cover Brings Model To (Slightly) Wider Audience (PHOTOS) We're big fans of Elettra Wiedemann, the articulate and gorgeous model-slash-\food activist\ who also happens to be the daughter
Andrej Pejic Walks Jean Paul Gaultier Fall 2012 Show, Sits Front Row At Galliano (PHOTOS) Pejic looked awesome in a metalli, graffiti-print suit with a orange fur flung over this shoulder, although we're not sure
Katy Perry Viktor & Rolf Outfit Reminds Us Of Jennifer Lawrence (PHOTOS, POLL) While the whole ensemble was signature Katy theatrics, it did remind us of Jennifer Lawrence, who wore a pared-down dress
Virna Lisi, Italian Actress, Poses For Portrait In The '60s \A Look Back\ is a daily column that highlights a moment from fashion's fabulous past. Today's pick is of Italian actress
Rachel Zoe And Cindy Crawford WHO
Andrej Pejic Walks Jean Paul Gaultier Fall 2012 Show, Sits Front Row At Galliano (PHOTOS) The blonde model slipped into Jean Paul Gaultier Fall 2012 womenswear collection on Saturday, stomping down the runway alongside
Elettra Wiedemann 'Scene' Cover Brings Model To (Slightly) Wider Audience (PHOTOS) But for the cover, Jen Aniston lost out to Wiedemann, who possesses both uptown lineage and downtown cred. She also boasts
Fashionably Late Welcome to Fashionably Late, where we round up the style scraps that didn't make it to our news page this week. Click through
Ossie Clark Gets A Haircut, 1969 \A Look Back\ is a daily column that highlights a moment from fashion's fabulous past. Today's pick is of English fashion
Paris Fashion Week 2012 Fashion month is coming to a close and the grand finale is happening now in Paris.Thus, these next several days are ones
Jessica Alba Does Pink Parisian Chic WHAT
Can Lack of Arch Support in Sandals and Flip Flops Cause Foot and Leg Problems? Sandals and flip flops are worn by thousands daily; wearing ones that are cute, stylish and supportive will allow you to walk happily ever after in style and pain-free.
Alber Elbaz Celebrates 10-Year Lanvin Anniversary With Runway Show, Star-Studded Party (PHOTOS) During the show, which presented both menswear and womenswear in Elbaz' traditional sumptuous aesthetic, current model darling
Paris Fashion Week Fall 2012 11:30 Off to bed! 2:30 Interview Delfina who apologizes for chewing gum, and then goes on to tell me about how her grandmother
How To Use Hot Rollers From BellaSugar
Katy Perry, Rihanna and More Worst-Dressed Celebrities Of The Week (PHOTOS) With all of the gorgeous Oscar and Vanity Fair gowns from Sunday night, this week's definitely been a pretty stylish one
A Five-Minute Fix A groovy, eclectic blend of sporty modern and vintage is what catapulted Kate Moss into the realm of fashion icon. First stop? Mom's closet.
Intermix Ignores Pleas for Compassion From Over 32,000 Consumers Intermix knows it is placing greed and profits above ethics, compassion, and human decency.  Will it keep its head down, blinders on, and continue killing up to 100 animals for one single item of clothing?
Linda Keith Models An Edward Mann Fur Cap Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Take a look out our previous A Look Back photos
Black Style in a Box As of late it's been a trend of sorts for some publications and blogs to write about black style as if it's a new trend to be satirically sketched and critiqued. As an African-American fashion writer -- I'm over it.
Kourtney Kardashian Whether she's wearing a menswear-inspired suit, an on-trend turban or a denim jumpsuit, Kourtney Kardashian's style is all
Physicians Formula pH Matchmaker Lip Gloss Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook, and Pinterest. Click through the slideshow below
Fashion, Friendship and Building a Business Since debuting in July of last year, it's attracted a cult following of fashionistas who want luxe vintage finds without trolling bins, scouring stores or bouncing between estate sales.
Evan Rachel Wood's Short Hair Styling Tips, 3 Fall Nail Trends To Wear Now And More Beauty News Evan Rachel Wood reveals her short hair styling secrets. Photo
Maria Sharapova's Two Beauty Looks Maria Sharapova. Photos
Jamie Hince To British GQ Yup, fashion friends like Stella are one of the perks of moving in Kate Moss' orbit. In fact Stella McCartney designed most
Daphne Guinness Selling Some Of Her Wardrobe, Florence Welch Parties Hard And More Style News Read why Lanvin's darling head designer, Alber Elbaz, thinks all front row editors should be fed well at his fashion shows
Olivia Thirlby At 'Being Flynn' Screening To walk the (brownish beige) carpet for a \Being Flynn\ screening on Thursday, Thirlby chose an unusual look
Lee Radziwill's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) In honor of Radziwill's 79th birthday on Saturday (March 3), we take a look back at the socialite's style. My favorite outfit
Princess Of Thailand Siriwanwaree Nareerat Hits Paris Fashion Week (PHOTOS) See pics of the Thai royal at Balmain Fall 2012 and more photos of her busy Spring 2012 Fashion Week in the slideshow below
Adrienne Bailon Wardrobe Malfunction Eek! Well, at least her lacy Louboutin booties matched. Poor girl. Scroll down for more pictures. You can see where this
Mila Kunis Takes In Dior Show At Paris Week, Shoots Handbag Ad (PHOTOS) As much as shooting a glamorous fashion ad in Paris can be work, we suppose. Dior announced back in January that Kunis would
Charlotte Casiraghi Is The New Face Of Gucci (PHOTOS) She's not new to Gucci, either -- Casiraghi has had a partnership with the brand for two years, in which she helped create
How To Take An A-Line Skirt From Day To Night (PHOTOS) Want more? Be sure to check out Stylelist on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Getting dressed for day can be as easy as one
Gold Jewelry, Arm Parties & More From The Stylelist Blogger Network (PHOTOS) Jewelry can instantly transform any ensemble -- just ask the members of the Stylelist Blogger Network. From chokers to cocktail
Barbarians at the Runway The gatekeepers lose control when trampled by aficionados armed only with their iPhone, their autonomy and their attitude. The new fashion elite aren't beholden to anyone -- and they tweet and post what they really think, loyalties be damned.
Every Girl Should Own A Grey Sweatshirt  (PHOTOS) Isabel Marant brought back memories of actress Jennifer Beals in her famous off-the-shoulder sweatshirt in \Flashdance\ when
Die Antwoord's Campaign Video for Alexander Wang, Plus Zeflings (PHOTOS) With a name that translates to \the answer\ in Afrikaans, Die Antwoord is a kind of art-rock hybrid that's not just a band, but an exotic fusion of art, performance, and music that has defined a new kind of style, something Die Antwoord calls \Zef.\
From Carpenter to Calvin Klein Model? Matthew Terry Explains It All The Calvin Klein billboard which has broken taboos, elevated the brand, and sparked the careers of Hintnaus, Wahlberg and Bergen before him -- is about to change it all for him too.
Food For Your Feet From Smoke And Mirrors
Snakes And Stripes And Suspicions Of Spring From Ramshackle Glam
Pantone Ultramarine Green #18-5338 And The Fashion And Beauty Trends That Match (PHOTOS) In our series, Pantone Color of the Week, we take swatches from the company's Color Report and translate it to fashion and
I Walk Out In The Flowers And Feel Better From Keiko Lynn
American Apparel Racial Photoshop 'Fail' Explained (UPDATE, PHOTOS) 2. This is one of American Apparel's attempt at sexy, with one model sticking her hand in another model's pants. 3. Photoshop
Urban Outfitters St. Patrick's Day Clothes Cause Outrage (PHOTOS, POLL) This outrage comes on the heels of a lawsuit which was presented to Urban Outfitters in December by the Native-American group
Lady Gaga Visits Harvard In Prabal Gurung (PHOTOS) But lately it seems the pop singer has returned to her stylish ways, popping up at one of the country's most prestigious
Sarah White, Publicist 1. DiorShow Black Out Mascara, $25, sephora.com 4. bareMinerals SPF 15 Foundation, $26, skinstore.com 2. Make Up For Ever
When Kids Get Their Hands On 'The Fashion Coloring Book' (PHOTOS) Step aside Hermes, there's a new fashion-forward coloring book on the market and it's got the likes of Lanvin, Karl Lagerfeld
Kate Middleton M Missoni Dress Comes As A Surprise (PHOTOS) CORRECTION
Michelle Obama Veterans Dinner 2012 A noble event indeed. When it comes to wardrobe selection, we all have our go-to colors
Kristen Stewart Balenciaga Show Appearance Ups Paris Fashion Week's Celeb Factor (PHOTOS) And rightly so. She's fabulous. Kristen Stewart and Salma Hayek upped the celebrity count at Paris Fashion Week this morning
Banana Republic's Fashion Show On A Plane, Kanye West Sells His Shoes And More Style News Remember when a bunch of rich kids from Hollywood got caught stealing from the houses of people like Orlando Bloom and Lindsay
Mac Users Are More Fashionable Than PC Users, Study Finds (INFOGRAPHIC, PHOTOS) Click over to Bundle to read even more interesting findings from the study, and check out their fascinating infographic below
Pam Grier's 1970s Style \A Look Back\ is a daily column that highlights a moment from fashion's fabulous past. Today's pick is of actress Pam Grier
Dior, Dignity and Natalie Portman I admire a woman, like Natalie Portman, who can so bravely stand equal to her clothes. We need more examples like hers in fashion because too often women fall into the trap of thinking fashion is meant to enhance what we don't feel confident about.
Girls Night Out(fit) There\u2019s nothing quite like a night on the town with your girlfriends to inject your work week with a well-deserved dose of
Valentino Valentina Perfume Next, I was ushered into a hallway where I caught my very first glimpse of Valentina. The pink-hued fragrance was poured
Chloe Moretz Talks Fashion Ad Campaigns, Not Being Able To Shop Designer And Guy Crushes Those sentiments may seem surprising when several of her contemporaries like Dakota and Elle Fanning and Hailee Steinfeld
Dita Von Teese Travels In Style Fame WHAT
My Favorite Spring Pieces The spring trends I'm most looking forward to wearing are the little white dress, fun prints and bright pop colors like tangerine and popsicle pink and lemon.
The 10 Pieces I'm Packing To Get Me Through Paris Fashion Week (PHOTOS) 7. Shoes
Extreme Dark Roots Here, the hair color pro's final low-maintenance tips
London Fashion Week A/W 2012 Round Up (VIDEO) London Fashion Week is undoubtedly one of the best times of year to be a Londoner.
Confession Once the weather turned cold, I got an oversized cardigan from Target that fit perfectly under the vest, which I wore to
Style Pet Peeve It's not just the \cab-to-curb\ phenomenon (as referenced in \Sh*t Fashion Girls Say At Fashion Week\), where women hop out
Milan Fashion Week 2012 Milan Fashion Week comes to a close today and throughout the last several days, the fall 2012 shows were attended by some
A Five Minute Fix The five minutes that it takes to pop on two necklaces, a scarf and earrings is the difference between ho-hum and high wattage. And when speaking of accessories, bigger is almost always better.
Ines de la Fressange, Karl Lagerfeld's Muse, In 1984 (PHOTO) \A Look Back\ is a daily column that highlights a moment from fashion's fabulous past. To celebrate the beginning of Paris
Megan Fox In Dolce & Gabbana WHAT
Devastee Vs. Peachoo Krejberg The draw, of course, are the must-see headliners, the designers whose dresses will grace every red carpet and magazine in
Cameron Diaz's Two Beauty Looks Location
Queen Elizabeth II Opens New Somerset House Wing In Wild Hat (PHOTOS) It's been a busy year for Queen Elizabeth II. Her Majesty is set to open the Olympics this summer. As part of her Diamond
Galaxy Quest From Some Notes On Napkins
Angelina Jolie Shows Some Leg At The Oscars First, there was \Tebowing,\ and now, there's Angelina Jolie's leg pose at the Oscars. The actress' lean, toned limb was
Twin Peaks Lookbook From Positive Greater Than Negative
Grey And Charlie Chaplin From Beckerman Bite Plate
Milan Fashion Week Fall 2012 While we love seeing all the polished, elegant ensembles on the runway and in the front row during Milan Fashion Week sometimes
Jennifer Lopez 'V' Cover Shoot Features A Rather Prominent... Bulge (PHOTOS) When given her choice of groin protectors -- those daunting don't-mess-with-me-anatomical cups-- in black (the men's version
Adriana Lima & Doutzen Kroes 'V' Magazine Shoot Gets Physical (PHOTOS) The Victoria's Secret Angels have always struck us as pretty close friends. After all, they spend basically all their time
FHM 'Racist' Cover Gets Nixed After Readers Complain (PHOTO) First, there was the social media uproar. (\Seriously, did you guys not sense how racist this concept was?\ reads one comment
Banana Republic 'Mad Men' Airplane Show Is Underway (PHOTOS) The flight is underway as we speak, with bloggers and models jetting off from New York's JFK airport to LAX in Los Angeles
Justin Bieber's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) Justin Bieber has come a long way from sporting wide-brim baseball caps and plain T-shirts while belting out cover songs
You're Gorgeous I am here to share with you how you can overcome skin issues with a simple redhead skin routine; we redheads are busy, fiery, successful women, so we need a skin regimen that will adhere to our lifestyles.
Hannah Simone's Two Beauty Looks Hannah Simone. Photos
How To Wear Socks With Heels And Not Look Like A Nerd (PHOTOS) Photo
Cassandra Kellogg, Stylist & Swimwear Designer, Shows Off Her Beachy Wardrobe (VIDEO) With her closet separated by shades of beige, cream, white and black, Cassandra's wardrobe is fresh, clean and peaceful, like
Need Supply Co. Has A Small Town Feel, With Big City Designers (PHOTOS) The store was originally 250 square feet and focused solely on denim, but, luckily for us, they have since expanded into
Model Trips On Anthony Vaccarello Fall 2012 Runway, Is Helped Off By Fellow Models (PHOTOS) But they proved rather difficult to walk in, as model Pauline Hoarau took so many stumbles during the finale that she had
Michelle Obama Fashion Vault 2012 Michelle Obama has heralded in new designers like Jason Wu and Peter Som, covered Vogue, pushed the envelope with bare sleeves
Hannah Elliott, Writer For Forbes Magazine From BeautifulStranger.TV
Jbrand & Saks Behind The Scenes Photoshoot From Something Navy
Montreal Fashion Week Designers And Their Collections From Assignment Fashion
Julia Sarr-Jamois In A Floral Jacket For more look of the day photos, click through the slideshow below. WHERE
Givenchy Glittered Chunky-Heel Sandal While we loved the ultra sparkly Miu Miu booties back in September, this more structured Givenchy shoe is one we are dying
Angelina Jolie 'Vogue Turkey' Cover Is Missing A Right Leg (PHOTOS, POLL) Alas, for one of her rare cover appearances, Jolie decided to keep things simple, focused and legless. Do you agree that
'The Bachelor' Season 16, Ep. 9 Style Recap Also, her hair was sort of frizzy. But I'll let it slide -- I mean, who hasn't had a few bad hair days? Also, it must be
Our Beef With Red-Carpet Fashion From Refinery29
Agyness Deyn Admits She's Been Lying About Her Age, Is Actually 29 In light of New York's current problem with designers hiring underage runway models, we're glad Agyness has finally opened
A Black Model in Paris I was one of the first dark-skinned models to walk the Paris catwalk in 1972. Karl Lagerfeld brought me to Paris and gave me two weeks to make it. I was an experiment, something new.
Karlie Kloss Paris Fashion Week 2012 The fashion world's been buzzing with rumors these days, so we figured why not throw some wood on the fire? The model board
My Day in the Fashion Week of Moda Operandi CEO Aslaug Magnusdottir Red embroidery shaped their torsos and luminous brocades cascaded down their backs. The models glided down the runway of the Plaza's hall, their faces glowing, their hair just messy enough to conjure up images of nymphs emerging from a wood.
Online Dating Etiquette Online dating is not a game. You will be dealing with real people with real feelings. Here are some of the rules you should follow to protect yourself and others.
What My Facebook Friends Asked Gail Simmons She wanted to know what celebrity Gail would be scared of to eat their food.  \Well, if you consider the cast of Jersey Shore to be celebrities, it would be theirs.\
The New Carrie Bradshaw, Prada And Schiaparelli At The Met And More Style News Set to open this spring, here's a sneak peek at the Costume Institute's latest fashion exhibition titled \Schiaparelli and
Taylor Swift No Makeup At LAX Airport (PHOTOS) Taylor! What are you thinking! We always put our full glamour face on and get dressed to the nines when we fly. Check out
Half Of Women Are Dependent On Makeup, Study Says The study also found that one-quarter of women started wearing makeup at age 13 or younger. Perhaps we'd all do well to embrace
Kourtney Kardashian Whether she's wearing a menswear-inspired suit, an on-trend turban or a denim jumpsuit, Kourtney Kardashian's style is all
Karlie Kloss Anthony Vaccarello Fall 2012 Show Kicks Off Model's Fashion Week (PHOTOS) Rumor has it she meant a commercial gig in Japan, one that didn\u2019t work out. So not only is she walking in Paris Fashion Week
Herve Leger Spring 2012 Ads Features Horses & The Models Who Love Them (PHOTOS) So for the ad campaign, shot by Camilla Akrans, the brand posed models Ieva Laguna and Fatima Siad (yup, of \America's Next
Michelle Obama Fashion Vault 2011 After starting off the year at the state dinner in a red Alexander McQueen, Mrs. O continued to embrace color, wearing the
Oscars 2012 Worst-Dressed Style-wise, the Oscars are a time to shine -- or a time to fall flat on your face. We saw dresses that were draped to the
Marlene Dietrich's Hollywood Glamour Getty Images CELEBRITY RELATED LINKS YOU MAY LOVE
My Week With Marilyn Not only does Beth share Monroe's blonde tresses, she's also a woman that dresses for her shape -- belted frocks, cropped
Lo\u00efc Prigent My new French friend Lo\u00efc Prigent creates the greatest and most innovative insider documentaries on fashion today. He travels the world (sigh -- who wouldn't be jealous) recording diverse fashion icons 36 hours prior to their runway shows.
Polka Dot Nail Art And More Of Our Manicures This Weekend (PHOTOS) On the weekends, we Stylelist editors and Blogger Network members take advantage of weekend down time to prettify our nails
Viola Davis Wears Her Natural Hair At The 2012 Oscars (PHOTO, POLL) After sporting her natural curly hair on the cover of L.A. Times Magazine and during pre-Oscars events, including the Essence
Dakota Johnson's Two Beauty Looks Location
Oscars 2012 Best-Dressed CELEBRITY RELATED LINKS YOU MAY LOVE
Sporty Surf Style Much like Proenza Schouler's show last season, there was a surf-inspired vibe on several of the spring 2012 runways, one
Vanity Fair Oscar Party 2012 And then there was the style, which -- dare we say it? -- topped the Oscars in creativity, especially Rosario Dawson's bright
Naomi Campbell Closes Roberto Cavalli Show In Milan (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Oscars 2012 Every year around this time, we camp out in front of the TV and brace ourselves for the stunning, but oft-underwhelming beauty
The Difference Between A Bowler And A Derby Hat From Indian Summer Vintage
Katie Ermilio, Designer, Shares Her Favorite Hand-Me-Downs (PHOTOS) FASHION RELATED LINKS YOU MAY LOVE
Stefano Pilati Out At Yves Saint Laurent -- Is Hedi Slimane In? But WWD reports today that, according to \sources,\ former Dior Homme designer Slimane is the \frontrunner\ to succeed Pilati
Princess Charlene Oscars Appearance Actually Happened! (PHOTOS) ZOMG -- royals at the Oscars! The micro-pleated skirt was stunning, we thought, but we were iffy on the mesh top and turtleneck
Kate And Naomi From Anda & Masha
Shailene Woodley Oscar Dress 2012 Shailene Woodley confused us all on Sunday night when she told Ryan Seacrest she was studying to be an \herbalist.\ But we
Vanity Fair Oscar Party 2012 Not to worry though! We've found a more exciting red carpet
Angelina Jolie Right Leg At 2012 Oscars Takes Over The Internet (PHOTOS) When \The Descendants\ screenwriters Alexander Payne, Nat Faxon and Jim Rash accepted their award for Best Adapted Screenplay
Alessandra Ambrosio Shows Off Baby Bump On Oscars Night (PHOTOS) While all the A-listers hit the Oscars red carpet, all the slightly-less-than A-listers viewed the event from Elton John's
Angelina on the Red Carpet Jolie in recent years has proven to be a leading light in the style arena. She's almost singlehandedly brought back old-time, glamorous, enthralling, bigger-than-life star-wattage to Hollywood \style-dom.\
Stefano Pilati Leaves YSL, J.Lo's Non-Wardrobe Malfunction And More Style News J.Lo's gown may have given the illusion that she wasn't wearing much of anything underneath, but both she and her stylist
Insect-Inspired Fashion While the notion of a bug in any shape or form would have me running for the hills as fast as my stillettoed feet could take
Oscars 2012 Red Carpet There are plenty of awards shows, but they're all amateur hour compared to the biggest show of all
Viola Davis Oscars Dress 2012 Best Actress nominee and Anna Wintour pal Viola Davis ditched her wig and donned bright green at Sunday night's Oscars
Nikita Ramchandani, Financial Analyst 5. Burt's Bees Beeeswax Lip Balm, $3, burtsbees.com Where to buy
Gwyneth Paltrow Oscars Dress 2012 After Gwyneth Paltrow's stunning Calvin Klein gown at last year's Oscars, we wondered if she could pull off another style
Jessica Biel Does Casual-Chic WHAT
Jennifer Lopez Oscars Dress 2012 Considering she wasn't nominated for anything and seemingly had nothing to do with movies this year, Jennifer Lopez sure
Shop the Runway's Looks From Fashion Week Everyone wants to know about the trends. Edgy or sweet? Muted or Bright? Menswear or Loungewear? Plaids or Prints? The answer to all is a resounding \yes.\
Armani Fall 2012 Show Features Hats... And Flats! (VIDEO) \Once a symbol of power, today the woman\u2019s jacket has become practical attire, with pockets to hold mobiles and accessories
Joan Smalls Vogue Italia Cover Brings Much-Needed Diversity (PHOTO) Not only are we stoked that Vogue Italia has put a hashtag on their March cover (can you imagine Anna Wintour slapping \#OVERTHETOP
Armani Reveals 'Most Shocking' Part Of Fall Collection (VIDEO) On the eve of the fashion show, Giorgio Armani reveals to us one of the most important details of his new collection, a particular
Helen Mirren Poses At Dolce & Gabbana Fall 2012 Show (PHOTOS) We know we're about 40 years younger than Helen, but we would SO wear that outfit. Check out the stylish star at today's
Raf Simons Cries At Final Jil Sanders Show From La Repubblica
Raf Simons' Final Jil Sander Show Brings Tears, Standing Ovation (PHOTOS) On Saturday, Raf Simons presented his final show for Jil Sander, the brand he has helmed since 2005 and successfully revived
Victoria Beckham, Posh Spice, In 1996 \A Look Back\ is a daily column that highlights a moment from fashion's fabulous past. Today's pick is of Victoria Adams
The Sisterhood of the Blow-out -- How LA Prepares for the Oscars While the rest of the world scrambles for snacks to fortify them during the estimated four-hour Academy Award TV extravaganza-Los Angelinos are set on a single, site-specific and strategic mission.
Oscars 2012 Red Carpet There are plenty of awards shows, but they're all amateur hour compared to the biggest show of all
The Lead Carpet A recent federal analysis revealed that approximately 400 shades of popular lipsticks contained trace amounts of lead.
Jaime King's Preppy Ensemble WHO
Five Fun Ways To Get In On The Gold Nail Polish Trend From BellaSugar
Celebrities In Their Favorite Denim Long before there was Brooke Shields in her Calvin's and Farrah Fawcett in her bell bottoms, there was Levi Strauss. In 1853
Kathy Ireland Is The Richest Model In The World With $2 Billion Retail Empire (PHOTOS) While model Gisele Bundchen makes a staggering amount of money ($45 million over the course of a year, in fact), there's
Hedi Slimane Replacing Stefano Pilati At YSL? (UPDATED) So! If all of these fashion honchos can just figure out where they're going, please do. Our heads are spinning. UPDATE, 3
Veteran Oscar Stylist, Dawn Haynes, Talks Eddie Murphy's Absence and Offers Oscar 2012 Style Predictions On the eve of the 84th Academy Awards, I spoke with veteran Oscar stylist/designer, Dawn Haynes about her experiences styling and designing celebrities for the Oscar awards.
Worst Oscar Dresses Of All Time While there are some Academy Award dresses we've LOVED over the years, there have also been a few that we'd like to honor
Respect for Talent Respect is almost an unfashionable word. Young designers emerge, some of them are talented, and then an interrogative is immediately raised
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley In Chic, Berry Tones For more look of the day photos, click through the slideshow below. WHERE
Octavia Spencer From The Daily Beast
LeAnn Rimes Wears Low-Cut Dress To Hollywood Event (PHOTO) Hey, if you've got it, flaunt it! Check out Rimes below, as well as other celebrities who have worn daring outfits on the
Miranda Kerr 'Haute Muse' Cover Between that and the weighty, semi-matronly wrap dress, Miranda looks significantly older than her 28 years, not to mention
The \F-word\ You don't have to wear pink designer clothes, resemble Reese Witherspoon in Legally Blonde, or say \like\ between every sentence to build a fashion startup. It's clear that the world of fashion is a multi-billion dollar industry with just as many tech opportunities as any other business.
Julie Christie, British Actress, Dons Floppy Red Hat In The 1960s Getty Images \A Look Back\ is a daily column that highlights a moment from fashion's fabulous past. Today's pick is of British
Up Or Down BEAUTY RELATED LINKS YOU MAY LOVE
NARS Dog Marcel Passes Away, Bruce Willis' Women's Fragrance And More Beauty News CK One is ushering in spring with a new color cosmetics line, and they've enlisted PYTs Lara Stone, Ruby Aldridge, Herieth
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) This week's selections include pieces by Christian Dior, Oscar de la Renta, Harvey Berin and Gianni Versace. Be sure to check out the versatile Lanvin interchangeable necklace and the bright vintage 1960s metallic dress coat.
Victoria Beckham, Eva Longoria Get Handsy At 'Vanity Fair' Party (PHOTOS) While the guests were technically there to honor Eva's foundation, which raises awareness of children's health issues and
Elizabeth Taylor Beauty Evolution (PHOTOS) \I've always admitted that I'm ruled by my passions,\ said Elizabeth Taylor. So, it's no surprise that the actress' star
Tatty Devine Seeks To Sue Claire's Accessories Over Allegedly Plagiarized Necklaces (PHOTOS) Tatty Devine, launched in 1999, distributes handmade acrylic-based jewelry throughout the UK. Claire's Accessories, with
Ashton Kutcher Colcci Ads Pair TV Star With Alessandra Ambrosio (PHOTOS) Last month at Sao Paulo Fashion Week, Ambrosio walked the Colcci runway (while pregnant!) as Kutcher cheered on from the
Tyra Banks Graduates From Harvard, Beyonc\u00e9's New House Of Dereon Ad And More Style News Tyra Banks
The Fashion Whip All of a sudden, pantyhose are back -- on store shelves, on the legs of Republican candidates' wives, and on K Street. But
Miranda Kerr 'Haute Muse' Cover For the latest issue, the mag again took a heavy hand to a famous face, so much so that we didn't recognize her at first
Stylelist Style Around The Web Module How To Wear This Spring Trend The Right Way-FabSugar And The Most Stylish Ladies Of 2012 Are... -Elle What You Need To Know
Minnie Driver In a Printed Coat Fame Meanwhile, Minnie's apparently a fan of leather looks. Check out this edgy ensemble. WHAT
How To Take A Floral Blazer From Day To Night (PHOTOS) Getting dressed for day can be as easy as one, two, three, but when you have to quickly go from dressed down to dressed up
Marte Mei Van Haaster On Modeling With Snakes, Lucky Charms Do you have any lucky charms that you bring to castings or shoots? I have a pink ring. It is a very simple string of sliver
Vivienne Westwood Talks Los Angeles Store, Yves Saint Laurent And Punk-Rock Retail stores have naturally been an integral part of Westwood's brand. Case in point
Rooney Mara's Two Beauty Looks BEAUTY RELATED LINKS YOU MAY LOVE
Kate Moss, Florence Welch And Rihanna Are Style Stars This Week (PHOTOS) But the best style isn't reserved for the formal events -- oh no -- we love nothing more than a star who inspires us in her
Stila Solar Lighted Compact BEAUTY RELATED LINKS YOU MAY LOVE
Weekend Bags That Have Us Planning A Getaway (PHOTOS) After an uncharacteristically mild winter, temperatures are starting to rise which has me thinking of many things
Best Oscar Dresses Of All Time We'll be glued to our televisions on Sunday night to see what all the leading ladies are wearing to fashion's most important
Candice Swanepoel, Victoria's Secret Angel, Reveals 'I Feel Sexiest Wearing Nothing' (VIDEO) To celebrate the release of Victoria's Secret's new \Very Sexy\ push-up bra, the Angels have released a video in which they
Reese Witherspoon's Cotton-Candy Colored Dress But what we're not sure about is those (Zooey-esque?) black tights and shoes. It's almost like her bottom half is disappearing
Kate Middleton, PETA On The Same Side In Fur Debate And when British royalty calls, you answer. The IFTF removed Kate's photo from its Facebook page and posted a brief apology
Gloria Baume, 'Teen Vogue' Fashion Director Opens Her Closet (VIDEO) Teen Vogue's Fashion Director, Gloria Baume, is a rare bird in the fashion industry. Not only does she hate being hounded
Oscars 'Best Actress' Winners But what we don't know is what the ladies who are nominated for Oscars' highest honor will wear. Take a look back with us
Veronica Lake's Legendary Hair, 1940s Take a look out our previous A Look Back photos in the slideshow below. Getty Images \A Look Back\ is a daily column that
Kate Bosworth In Stella McCartney WHERE
New York Street Style Neighborhood Watch is a brand new column where we explore the endless array of stellar style from uptown to downtown Manhattan
Prada Ombre Hair Makes It Official Oh, ombre hair. It swept through the fashion set and down through average hometown salons with an intensity not seen since
Viola Davis' Two Beauty Looks BEAUTY RELATED LINKS YOU MAY LOVE
Oscars Beauty On Hollywood's big night, we can always expect our favorite stars to step out wearing timeless looks. From the classic red
Overalls, Rompers and Jumpsuits Photo Credits
Jil Sander To Jil Sander, German Magazine Reports In a new development, German magazine Gala reports that German designer Jil Sander will be returning to her eponymous label
Versace Atelier Worker Reflects On The Glory & Gianni Days (VIDEO) Twenty-four hours before the fashion show, Donatella Versace grants D.Repubblica.it and The Huffington Post style section
Jennifer Aniston's Star, Mad Men's Return To The Spotlight And More Style News (PHOTOS) While Kanye West is usually spotted front row at almost every show during London Fashion Week, this season he only attended
How To Wear Black Jeans For 5 Days, In 5 Different Ways (PHOTOS) Black jeans are a staple in every girl's closet. Ever since Emmanuelle Alt in all her stylish glory took the reins at French
Angela Lindvall Photoshop Fail For 'Vogue Mexico'? (PHOTO) But we're more inclined to believe that the neck of \Project Runway All Stars\ host and model Angela Lindvall has been the
Jil Sander To Jil Sander, German Magazine Reports, As Raf Simons Exits (UPDATED) The positive position of the company is incentive for Sander to make her comeback... and incentive for Dior to lure Simons
Versace Atelier Worker Reflects On The Glory & Gianni Days (VIDEO) Twenty-four hours before the fashion show, Donatella Versace grants D.Repubblica.it and The Huffington Post style section
Wren's Melissa Coker On Skipping Design School, Loving Internships FASHION RELATED LINKS YOU MAY LOVE
Sandy Powell, 'Hugo' Costume Designer, On Her Oscar Nomination, Chloe Moretz And More What do you think about your competition? It's very, very stiff competition, and I admire them all greatly. I love Mark Bridges
Casting the Line If sewing elf shoes out of felt was innovative fashion, I was a mini McQueen at 7 years old. I assume that my younger cousin Ryan, who I made model said shoes, felt differently. But it was then, maybe even in that very Michigan moment, that my path had begun to reveal itself. The one that, 18 years later, led me to New York City, into Vera Wang's studio -- where I spent the next 7 years collecting experience and confidence -- to tomorrow at 2pm
Shark Tooth-Inspired Jewelry If your only association with shark's teeth is Jaws, allow us to take a far friendlier approach on the creature's chompers
Oscars 2012 Style Wishlist The Oscars are almost upon us and we are bursting with excitement. This year the nominees are diverse in age and size -- hurray
Fashion Forward Has Become Fashion Follow; Here Are the New Leaders I'm proud to say that I know people that are a part of a new guard of leaders paving the way for groundbreaking changes to an otherwise stagnant fashion industry hoping for a return to 1990s consumer behavior.
Pantone Starfish #16-1120 In our series, Pantone Color of the Week, we take swatches from the company's Color Report and translate it to fashion and
Rose McGowan Dazzles In Low-Cut Dress At Pre-Oscars Party (PHOTOS) We have no words. Rose McGowan turned out to celebrate silent-movie era actor Charlie Chaplin, who was gifted with an honorary
Michael Niccole, Plastic Surgeon, Does Daughter's Boob Job (WATCH) video platformvideo managementvideo solutionsvideo player California-based surgeon Michael Niccole tells ABC's \20/20\ that
London Fashion Week Fall 2012 While we love seeing all the polished, elegant ensembles on the runway and in the front row, sometimes London Fashion Week's
Prada's Fall 2012 Models Look Pretty Cranky (VIDEO) The silhouette looks like a hazard against shape. On the chest, on the rim of the pants there are plastic embroideries that
Tyra Banks Graduates From Harvard Business School (PHOTOS) But Tyra's done more than just cram for tests at HBS. She became a New York Times best-selling author, split from one boyfriend
OVERWORLD Inspired by Mario Bros., the two mascots of Nintendo, \Overworld\ is a fun series of animated collages from the duo fashion photographers Pamela Reed and Matthew Rader (aka Reed + Rader).
Rose Byrne In Pringle Of Scotland WHAT
Michael O'Connor, 'Jane Eyre' Costume Designer, On Mia Wasikowska's Corset And The Oscars Were there any things you did to make the corsets more comfortable? Not really. It\u2019d be great if you could, but for them
Fashion Bloggers Flaunt Blue-Collar Pride By 2011, blue jeans temporarily fell out of favor as red jeans became the red-hot pants. Now the blue- and bright-jean trends have converged
Joan Rivers' Closet Is Filled With Vintage Jackets, Ziploc Bags & Payless Shoes (VIDEO) We may not be a fan of all her decisions, but Joan Rivers has won us over with her awesome New York closet. WATCH
Jennifer Aniston's Floral Dress Totally Surprises Us -- In A Good Way (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Amanda Peet's Two Beauty Looks Check out previous \The Two Faces Of...\ beauty looks in the slideshow below. Amanda Peet. Photos
How to Cope With People Who Talk Too Much The speaker, wrapped up in his narcissistic binge, hasn't a clue to your interest level. He is convinced that you are enraptured by his monologue, an oral deluge about which you have long lost interest.
Costume Designers Guild Awards 2012 PHOTOS
Behind-The-Scenes Look At Prada's Workshop (VIDEO) Exclusive worldwide and for the first time in her history, Prada opens the doors to the most secret areas of her laboratories
Behind-The-Scenes Look At Prada's Workshop (VIDEO) Exclusive worldwide and for the first time in her history, Prada opens the doors to the most secret areas of her laboratories
Andrej Pejic Jean Paul Gaultier Kokorico Campaign Is Male Model's First Fragrance Deal Considering Pejic's versatility, particularly in his past work for Jean Paul Gaultier, the new Matthew Stone-lensed campaign
Adele May Be Engaged, Kate Moss May Have Temporary Paralysis And More Style News Take a look inside Margarita Missoni's incredibly luxe (and print-heavy, of course) apartment on this amazing new website
Tavi & Cyndi Lauper Uniqlo Ads Make Us Want To Dance, Buy Cute Clothes (PHOTOS) The 15-year-old fashion blogger and the 58-year-old singer star in some new, whimsical ads to promote Uniqlo's new collaboration
Joan Rivers' Closet Is Filled With Vintage Jackets, Ziploc Bags & Payless Shoes (VIDEO) WATCH
Aura Friedman's Colorful Hair Clients (PHOTOS) Hair color isn't just a career for petite, Israeli hair stylist Aura Friedman, it is a passion. When the Wella Professionals
Nicki Minaj Goes Blue For Vogue's March 2012 Issue (PHOTOS) Oh yeah, and as you might notice -- she's blue. \I was dressing in Tommy Hilfiger baggy shirts and Boss jeans, but then I
Skinny Celebrities May Make Us Feel Better About Ourselves, New Study Shows Read more about the study here or purchase a PDF copy of the original article, \The Skinny on Celebrities
Whitney Will Be Missed We want to be in control -- especially the beautiful, the famous, the celebrated, and the stars. They remember when they weren't famous. They need proof of their power every second of every minute.
Dakota Fanning Although she is only a teenager, Dakota Fanning has transformed into an a-list style star. We have proof that the current
Princess Mary Covers An Australian Magazine... Is Kate's Cover Next? (PHOTO) Click over to AWW to read more of Princess Mary's interview, and check out her lovely cover below. Mary is one of our favorite
Kate Upton Nude For 'Muse' Cover (PHOTO) Like it or not, we bet there's a lot more where this came from coming down the pipeline. Sit back, get comfortable and familiarize
Oscars 'Best Actress' Winners Take a look back with us at the dresses of some of the women who have won the coveted title of Best Actress, as we wish this
The All-Time Best-Dressed At The Oscars (VIDEO) Some people watch the Oscars because they love the movies, others, because they love the movie stars. And some people watch
How To Wear A Shirtdress This week, we're starting off with a classic shirtdress
Lulu Frost Jewelry Is On Our Wishlist (PHOTOS) Photo Courtesy Of Lulu Frost Lulu Frost has been on our radar since blowing up in 2004. Beloved by celebrities like Olivia
Andrea Creighton, Chado Ralph Rucci Intern In our series FaceTime, we find inspiring girls around New York City and dissect their look. 3. Est\u00e9e Lauder 'Sumptuous' Waterproof
London Fashion Week 2012 London Fashion Week may be the shortest of all the Fashion Weeks (only six days), but that certainly didn't stop the deluge
Hat Etiquette Have you noticed how often men wear their hats indoors? This is a breach of etiquette that some men don't seem to know about. And it's always surprising to me how many people do not remove their baseball caps when the National Anthem is sung.
Manolo Blahnik For Lane Crawford This season, sky high-heels and disco platforms are taking a backseat to softer, more feminine shoes. Those sexy red soles
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) This week's selections include pieces by Lilli Ann, Irene Lentz, Judith Leiber and Jean Paul Gaultier. Be sure to check out the rare 1930s Theodore Fahrner pendant, the vintage 1960s James Galanos dress and the unique Japanese Satsuma pottery belt. Which item is your favorite?
Arianne Phillips Discusses Styling Madonna, Wants Galliano Back At Dior (PHOTOS) My dream project would be a great script with great characters, great directors, great actors with character transformation
Kate Upton (We're pretty sure Neophitou was referring to soccer players' wives, not American football. But why argue over semantics
Samantha Cameron Attends Burberry, McQ Shows At London Fashion Week 2012 (PHOTOS) We can't wait to see where SamCam will show up next! The UK's first lady, Samantha Cameron, never attempts to hide her interest
'The Bachelor' Season 16, Ep. 8 Style Recap For dinner Nicki gets back into her regular clothes, which consists of skinny dark pants, black heels and an off-the-shoulder
David Roemer, Photographer, On Crystal Renn, Victoria's Secret Angels And New Supermodels Photographer David Roemer has worked with the best of the best, including magazines such as Elle, Marie Claire and Vogue
Drew Barrymore Beauty Evolution (PHOTOS) In celebration of Barrymore's 37th birthday (February 22nd), we take a look back at the actress' ever-evolving (and unconventional
Jennifer Love Hewitt's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) To dress her petite frame, Hewitt often reaches for curve hugging bandage dresses. She even spent most of 2011 in the body
Garance Dore Survives The Cold In Second Episode Of 'Pardon My French' (VIDEO) In Garance Dor\u00e9's latest \Pardon My French\ video, the street style photographer explains how she survived the cold in New
A Visit to Holmes & Yang (PHOTOS) Jeanne Yang, stylist to the stars and co-owner of Holmes & Yang, believes in three things
What The Stylelist Staff Bought This Weekend And take a look at our other weekend purchases. This Presidents Day weekend, we took full advantage of the long weekend and
Karlie Kloss vs. Constance Jablonski Check out the covers below and cast your vote
New York Fashion Week Fall 2012 At the fall 2012 shows, hair and makeup ran the gamut from full-throttle all the way to wash-and-go -- with very little in
Kate Middleton Rose Hill School Visit Means New Dress, Old Shoes (PHOTOS) On Tuesday morning Kate Middleton wore an Orla Kiely patterned frock, paired with suede ankle booties (a style preferred
Kanye West Wears Acne Sweater To London Fashion Week CORRECTION
Gucci's Frida Giannini Reveals Fashion Week Disaster (VIDEO) Frida Giannini reveals in this worldwide exclusive video interview the details of the collection that will be on the catwalk
Gucci's Frida Giannini Reveals Fashion Week Disaster (VIDEO) Frida Giannini reveals in this worldwide exclusive video interview the details of the collection that will be on the catwalk
Taylor Swift's Vivid 'Tonight Show' Dress Should we call it the \Vogue effect\? Do you dig Taylor's new frock? Check out the pics and vote below! But it was Taylor's
Vanity Fair & Juicy Couture Present The Most Random Red Carpet Ever (PHOTOS) In the midst of the chicness that was London Fashion Week's front rows and parties, Vanity Fair and Juicy Couture decided
Lana Del Rey Performs For Mulberry, Lindsay Lohan To Host SNL And More Style News Lindsay Lohan has been asked to host \Saturday Night Live.\ Why? We really aren't too sure. (Lucky) Lana Del Rey may have
Between a Rock and a Haute Place This rookie's show may not have delivered the polish of a Michael Kors or the production of a Diane Von Furstenberg, but for all it's lows it had achieved the ultimate high
New York Fashion Week Fall 2012 New York Fashion Week has officially come to a close, and as we rest our tired feet we finally have a moment to sit back
Tilda Swinton's Two Beauty Looks Location:The Weinstein Company's Golden Globe Awards after party in Beverly Hills, California on January 15th, 2012. Look
New York Fashion Week Fall 2012 Photos
Lisa Marie Fernandez For Peter Pilotto FASHION RELATED LINKS YOU MAY LOVE
Sean Lennon Thanks Michelle Obama For Inspiring His Style During Yoko Ono's Birthday (PHOTOS) Regardless, we are never ones to hate on someone who knows Michelle Obama has great style; plus, we've noticed both seem
Adele Ring Do we hear wedding bells ringing? By any measure, Adele has already had a pretty fantastic 2012
Helena Christensen's Turtleneck And Matching Scarf, 1995 CELEBRITY RELATED LINKS YOU MAY LOVE
New York Fashion Week Fall 2012 We've teamed up with Greta Larkins, the genius behind the brilliant tumblr Fashgif in a weekly series of animated fashion
Hillary Clinton Wears Green Blouse Amidst White-Shirted Honorees At G20 Meeting (PHOTOS) But something was wrong with Hillary's standby look this time around. Hillary Clinton must have missed the memo when she
Marni For H&M Lookbook It's here! Check out the looks below and vote for your favorite pieces! To see some of the men's pieces, click over to Fashionista
Azealia Banks In Mulberry For more look of the day photos, click through the slideshow below. WHO
Emma Watson Click over to The Independent to read more of Emma's profile, where she reveals some surprising facts about her makeup routine
H&M For Marni, Nicole Richie For QVC And More Style News Nicole Richie has built a pretty successful business with her boho-inspired clothing line, House of Harlow. Now, she's tapping
Kate Moss & Yasmin Le Bon Wear The Same Stella McCartney Dress To Party (PHOTOS, POLL) Relax, Kate and Yasmin
Rihanna's Birthday Since hitting the scene in 2005 with her first single \Pon de Replay,\ Rihanna has consistently wowed us with her unique
The Time of Your Life Life -- it's what we do between the time we get here and when we go. We only get one, and despite what other folks might suppose, it's ours to determine what to do with it.
Tropical Prints Though there were a plethora of pretty florals that came down the spring 2012 runways, it was the tropical prints that really
Vanessa Redgrave's Classic Beauty At The Cannes Film Festival, 1967 \A Look Back\ is a daily column that highlights a moment from fashion's fabulous past. Today's pick is of British actress
Beauty Products To Avoid When You're Pregnant From BellaSugar
Womens Baseball Hat Trend From Refinery29
Rihanna At Stella McCartney's Fall 2012 Presentation For more look of the day photos, click through the slideshow below. WHERE
Flawed Inspiration The fact is that we are, more often than not, much harder on ourselves than anyone else is. In my experience, men and women often believe that being attractive on the outside has something to do with being attractive on the inside.
Jayne Mansfield's 1950s Style Includes Red Shorts, Pointy Bra \A Look Back\ is a daily column that highlights a moment from fashion's fabulous past. Today's pick is of American actress
Blake Lively In Noon By Noor WHAT
Dorothy Dandridge Poses Wearing Jewels \A Look Back\ is a daily column that highlights a moment from fashion's fabulous past. Today's pick is of American actress
New York Fashion Week Fall 2012 Here are some of our favorite quotes from Fashion Week's attendees including Nicki Minaj, Leigh Lezark, Adam Lambert, Bibhu
25 Influential Black Models (PHOTOS) Before Chanel Iman appeared on the covers of American Vogue and Italian Elle, and before Jourdan Dunn became the first black
Rooney Mara And Emma Stone At The Calvin Klein Fall 2012 Show WHAT
NYFW The line is designed for ladies like me who love fashion, but don't want to overspend. Every item in the Kamali Kulture line is affordably priced at under $100. There are plenty of little black dresses in the collection plus the designer's trademark all in one top.
New York Fashion Week 2012 Who Was There
Fur At Fashion Week What is it that makes fur feel so good, and us feel so good in it? As fur is one of the oldest forms of clothing, perhaps it is a primordial urge to conquer the harshness of our surroundings.
Jenna Lyons Lyons calls FLOTUS' J.Crew proclivities \u201cthe most incredible gift that keeps on giving,\ and it's easy to see why
Gisele Bundchen Models Her Ipanema Sandals Line In Evening Gown (PHOTOS) Scroll down for the ethereal photos of Gisele in flip-flops and tell us if she's convinced you to buy a pair (or two). Aptly
Asian Models Redefine The Face Of New York Fashion Week (VIDEO) \Five season ago, you'd be hard-pressed to find one show, one complete season that used even one Asian girl,\ he said. \Now
NYFW We bet you are scoffing right now and thinking we didn't find anything meaningful/useful in a land of weird outfits worn by underage girls. WRONG. We found AT LEAST five.
Jennifer Aniston Wears Patterned (!) Dress To 'Wanderlust' Premiere (PHOTOS, POLL) Do you? Check out the pics and vote below. March's InStyle cover girl even wore all black to her birthday party. But Aniston
NYFW Designer Michelle Smith showed off her Milly Fall 2012 collection at Lincoln Center, affirming for her that fall is not a somber season, but rather one that pops with vibrant colors.
New York Fashion Week 2012 Who Was There
New York Fashion Week 2012 Who Was There
New York Fashion Week 2012 From backstage to front row, from early in the morning until late at night, the members of the Stylelist Blogger Network
New York Fashion Week 2012 Who Was There
The Grand Finale Nobody is going to look better on this Fashion Week Friday than suburban dads. Why? FLEECE. On Monday through Thursday, we're all business in our buttoned-up clearance clothes from Banana Republic. But by the end of the work week, it's time to TGIF. Thank God It's Fleece Day.
How To Take Jacquard Pants From Day To Night (PHOTOS) Getting dressed for day can be as easy as one, two, three, but when you have to quickly go from dressed down to dressed up
Saying Goodbye to New York Fashion Week All in all, I'm happy to get a three-day weekend after a grueling few weeks of no sleep, parties, bookings and complete craziness. So, I love you fashion week. Happy for you to return in September, but for now? See ya.
Nicole Richie QVC Collection To Debut Next Week (PHOTOS) The new line embodies the designer's personal style with maxidresses, kimono jackets, flowy printed shirts and hobo bags
Bettina Wulff's First Lady Style In tribute to Bettina's chic first lady style, here's a look back at what she's worn during her husband's brief run as German
Karlie Kloss Models 10 Years Of London Fashion In Topshop Film (VIDEO) In celebration of Topshop's decade-long support of emerging designers through the British Fashion Council\u2019s NEWGEN program
Stefano Pilati Read more of Pilati's interview over at VICE, including some juicy details on drug use in the fashion biz. While it may be
New York Fashion Week Fall 2012 While we love seeing all the polished, elegant ensembles on the runway and in the front row, sometimes New York Fashion Week's
Chelsea Clinton Attends Guns N' Roses Show To Celebrate The End Of Fashion Week (PHOTOS) Perhaps Chelsea needed a little pick me up after another less than riveting report on \Rock Center With Brian Williams\ on
Cindy Crawford's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) If you needed more indication that supermodels are back, just take a look at Cindy Crawford. The Illinois native turned up
Ashley Greene's Beauty Evolution (PHOTOS) As Alice Cullen in the Twilight films, Ashley Greene gets into her vampire character with a pale face and short, spiky hairstyle
Molly Ringwald's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) And have a look through our many other Style Evolutions here. These days, The Secret Life of an American Teenager actress
Prepping for Fashion Week Fashion week comes twice a year and can make or break a models career. Typically, models enter fashion week with little to
Jennifer Nettles' Two Beauty Looks Check out previous \The Two Faces Of...\ beauty looks in the slideshow below. Jennifer Nettles. Photos
Underwear As Outerwear Tip One
Princess Letizia Stuns In Fuchsia Dress At Madrid Art Fair (PHOTOS) So what's the big deal about the color? Well, Letizia's always wearing black. Sometimes charcoal. But really, more black
Denise Richards' Style Evolution (PHOTOS) Actress and model Denise Richards has always had a casual, yet glamorous style. The Illinois native can rock everything from
New York Fashion Week Fall 2012 FASHION RELATED LINKS YOU MAY LOVE
New York Fashion Week 2012 Who Was There
New York Fashion Week Fall 2012 Ah, the life of a photographer. While outside of the Calvin Klein show Thursday afternoon, I spotted Anna Dello Russo crossing
Fashion Week Streaker Runs Through Lincoln Center In The Nude (PHOTO) Refinery29 took this photo of an anonymous redhead who ditched what we're assuming was a stylish outfit and raced around
Bill Cunningham Hit By SUV, Thankfully Escapes Injury Legendary New York street style photographer Bill Cunningham was reportedly hit by a car yesterday. Oy vey! Cunningham has
Taylor Momsen Goes Ladylike In Marchesa Lace Dress (PHOTOS, POLL) Of course, the Pretty Reckless frontwoman couldn't resist grunging it up a bit by drawing on the heavy eyeliner and stacking
The Glamorous Life From the bold red and black buffalo prints that kicked off the show to the natty tweed and perfectly tailored leather dress to the divinely simple and sexy evening gowns, this is a show that covered every moment of Michael Kors' customer's life.
Seal Removes Wedding Ring, Dons Yellow Nail Polish (PHOTOS) At last week's amfAR gala, Klum was wearing her ring. But now that Seal's ditched his, will Heidi follow suit? But Seal has
Lara Stone Won't Discuss Nudity, Prefers Puppy Talk \It was pretty crazy,\ added Stone, \but I've done bikinis in the snow and rain, it's kind of crazy. In LA, it was freezing
High Cheekbones We've enlisted makeup artist Annamarie Tendler to show us how to get the look in the video above. Then click through the
Naomie Harris' Two Beauty Looks Location
Zelda Kaplan Dies After Collapsing At Joanna Mastroianni Fashion Show Known for African-inspired hats and prints as well as her round sunglasses, Kaplan was a world traveler who had journeyed
Monica Vitti, Italian Actress, At Cannes Film Festival In 1974 Take a look out our previous A Look Back photos in the slideshow below. CELEBRITY RELATED LINKS YOU MAY LOVE
After the Hype A casual sweep of the nearly two hundred people in the audience revealed a house divided. Many were there to congratulate Laquan Smith, but some were there to critique.
Agyness Deyn's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) Agyness Deyn is what we like to call a triple threat in the fashion business. The androgynous beauty is a model, actress
Team Zoe's Beauty Forecast Spring beauty trends are known for being light, ethereal and aptly refreshing after a season of deep, wintery hues. As the
Cindy Crawford Wants To Halt Daughter Kaia Gerber's Modeling Career (PHOTOS) I didn\u2019t want to be a stage mom and make her nervous. She knew I was there looking out for her. She\u2019s done little modeling
Taylor Swift In A Heart Print Dress For more look of the day photos, click through the slideshow below. Fame WHO
NIcki Minaj Looks Normal In Forever 21, Nanette Lepore  Nicki joined Ricky Martin on \Good Morning America\ Wednesday morning to talk about their HIV/AIDS awareness campaign with
New York Fashion Week Fall 2012 Related Links
A Straight Guy's Reaction To Super Skinny Models FASHION RELATED LINKS YOU MAY LOVE
New York Fashion Week 2012 Who Was There
A Scentsible Valentine's Day Now there's a way to give the gift of fragrance that your recipient will like.
Marisa Berenson's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) Meanwhile, check out some of Berenson's iconic modeling shots. CELEBRITY RELATED LINKS YOU MAY LOVE
Janice Dickinson's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) We have to give it to Janice Dickinson, the self-proclaimed \u201cfirst supermodel,\u201d for her unapologetic persona and wild outfits
New York Fashion Week Fall 2012 Nails
New York Fashion Week Fall 2012 What do you wear if you are DJing a show or party? I like to be comfortable and warm and since I walk everywhere in NY, I
The Kennedy Compound With Rare Photos Inside the Rooms, Out on the Lawn and Their Life There From the presidential yacht, young John Kennedy, Jr. looks down on his aunt Eunice Kennedy Shriver and her son, swimming
'Sports Illustrated' Swimsuit Event Her favorite swimsuits? \Anything red. Everyone was wearing tons of red [in the issue].\ Check out photos from the event
New York Fashion Week 2012, Band Of Outsiders From Because I'm Addicted
Garance Dore's 'Pardon My French' Adorably Chronicles Photographer's Fashion Week It's official
Miranda Kerr Walks David Jones Runway Show In Sydney (PHOTOS) It was her second day in a row at the store, following a special Valentine's Day appearance on Tuesday. Fans waited to meet
Would Your Wear Rainbow Hair? From Color Makes All The Difference
Fashion Week Fall 2012 Trend Alert, Party Pants From Shut Up I Love That
The Real Stars Of New York Fashion Week (Video) As New York's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week winds down, we wanted to take a moment to celebrate the real heroes
Tavi Gevinson's Wacky Fashion Week Outfit Scroll down for more photos. Fashion blogging wunderkind Tavi Gevinson is already a mainstay at the catwalks at age 15 -- she's
Isabelle Adjani, French Actress, Modeled For 'Vogue' Editorial Getty Images Take a look out our previous A Look Back photos in the slideshow below. \A Look Back\ is a daily column that
Matt Damon Fashion Week Appearance Surprises Everyone (PHOTOS) Eh, who cares. We'll welcome Damon's cute face back to Fashion Week no matter what. As New York Fashion Week nears its final
New York Fashion Week 2012 Who Was There
Natalie Portman's Two Beauty Looks Location
New York Fashion Week Fall 2012 CELEBRITY RELATED LINKS YOU MAY LOVE
Olivia Palermo In Rochas WHO
Miley Cyrus, Vanessa Hudgens & Demi Lovato Show Off New Adult Hairdos (PHOTOS) \All y'all are saying it's soooo short! Only cut about an inch & a half off tonight! In total about 5 inches!!! I love it
Banned Ryanair Ads Are the lingerie-themed ads provocative? Sure. Is that worth banning them? We'll let you decide; check out one of them below
Princess Charlene, Prince Albert Oscars Appearance Would Make Our Day Here's a fun intersection of fashion and royalty
Zelda Kaplan Collapses At Joanna Mastroianni Fashion Show, Reportedly Dies The Post is reporting that Kaplan has passed away; we will update this story upon further confirmation. Known for African
New York Fashion Week Fall 2012 When I arrived at the Polyvore Live fashion show during New York Fashion Week, I was surprised to find Stylelist Blogger
Viola Davis, Anna Wintour Cozy Up At Vera Wang... But Will Davis Land A 'Vogue' Cover? (PHOTOS) When Viola Davis appeared alongside Anna Wintour at the Vera Wang Fall 2012 show on Tuesday, many asked the inevitable question
Cult Of Individuality We spend so much of each Fashion Week and the months following it talking about trends, shoehorning each great piece under the larger categories that we deem \in\ that season. But just take a look at the rise of the street style photographer to recognize that it is the individual style that truly captivates.
New York Fashion Week What is your prediction for the most overplayed song during the shows or parties? Probably Jay-Z, \Empire State of Mind.\ Don't
Jessica Chastain In Alexander McQueen WHAT
New York Fashion Week Fall 2012 A fixture on the New York social circuit, Tinsley Mortimer knows a thing or two about posing for photographs, \I mean, if
Kate Middleton Charity Visit The Duchess visited The Brink, an alcohol-free bar for recovering addicts, which christened a smoothie 'The Duchess' in her
Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue 2012 Julie Henderson Ariel Meredith (\I licked every issue,\ she reasoned) Alyssa Miller Chrissy Teigen (who promised to personally
Jane Seymour's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) Some of today\u2019s leading ladies can take a cue from Jane Seymour\u2019s modest, but modern style. Known for her roles in Live and
A Five Minute Fashion Fix How to stop leisure wear in its tracks? Let's examine that mom at school who always looks \pulled together\ and iconic women like Grace Kelly, Jackie Kennedy and Audrey Hepburn. They, in fact, have a common bond
Magic of Permacouture Artist, educator and fashion designer Sasha Duerr uses just about anything to dye clothing
Amanda Seyfried Covers 'W Korea' February 2012, Stares Us Down (PHOTO, POLL) This high fashion-y cover is starkly different from Amanda's other spring cover, on March's Glamour, where she poses in jeans
New York Fashion Week 2012 Who Was There
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) No time to page through thousands of eBay listings? Then just sneak a peek at my weekly eBay roundup of top vintage clothing finds.
The Real Deal on Hair Extensions Hair extensions have come a long way. Forget everything you think you know about them. They have become an exciting new fashion trend.
Fendi Baguette In the February issue of Vogue, Plum Sykes talks about the reissuing of the Fendi Baguette, a purse that was slung over the
Marc Jacobs Under Fire For Hiring Underage Models \We continually message the importance of models 16 and over. In the instances where we might see a girl under 16, we'll
New York Fashion Week 2012 Who Was There
Michelle Obama We shouldn't be too surprised Michelle picked up a piece of Target's latest designer collection, given the first lady's affection
New York Fashion Week Fall 2012 Click through the slideshow below for more DIY nail art. BEAUTY RELATED LINKS YOU MAY LOVE
Jared Allred, Blogger Behind 'Crimes Of Fashion,' Reveals His Hidden Talent (PHOTOS) Describe your perfect outfit. Givenchy head-to-toe, end of story. What is your beauty routine? Pretty simple. Wash my face
SimplyBe Photoshop Fail Gives Model Decomposing Alien Fingers (PHOTOS) Alien fingers, demon hands, talons, nail-biting victim -- whatever metaphor you like, the hands on this SimplyBe model are
The 'Miracle Dress' Will Be Huge This Fall (PHOTOS) In case you were losing sleep over it, we've identified the biggest (and most wearable) trend to emerge from New York Fashion
Valentine's Day 2012 Challenge FASHION RELATED LINKS YOU MAY LOVE
'The Bachelor' Season 16, Ep. 7 Style Recap When Ben swings by to pick Lindzi up, he's wearing another tanktop! Emily compares him to a yummy slice of cheesecake being
Julie Henderson, Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Model, Talks Dating, Fitness And Heidi Klum James Macari/Sports Illustrated. Who was the first person that you calledl when you saw your photos in the issue? Probably
Why NYC Fashion Week Is Just Like Your High School Cafeteria After countless shows, parties and events that we didn't understand, but went to anyway, we started to realize that we were stuck in an adolescent time warp.
The Lifestyle Mirror Of the new site, Della Valle says, \It was to fill a void. I wanted something that is beautiful to look at but also has a
New York Fashion Week 2012 Who Was There
Cyd Charisse Poses For Valentine's Day Card, 1940s Getty Images \A Look Back\ is a daily column that highlights a moment from fashion's fabulous past. Today's pick is of American
New York Fashion Week Fall 2012 Gets Hot With Red And Pink At Thakoon, Jason Wu And More Art
Grammys 2012 Worst-Dressed At an awards show known for outlandish looks, pity the poor fashion editor who has to choose worst-dressed. This is the ceremony
Yves Saint Laurent Poses With A Portrait Of Himself, 1990 \A Look Back\ is a daily column that highlights a moment from fashion's fabulous past. Today's pick is of designer Yves Saint
Fashion Week for Suburban Dads Speaking as a guy who owns 28 pairs of cargo pants (that's a grand total of 168 pockets), I can't say enough about how much simpler life became once I started wearing a filing system on my legs.
Grammys 2012 Best-Dressed The Grammys are here, and they couldn't come soon enough for us at Stylelist. Not because we're nearing the end of awards
French Elle Dubs Plus Size Model Tara Lynn 'The Body' On February Cover (PHOTO, VIDEO) Scroll down for video. Watch out, Elle \The Body\ Macpherson
Adele Covers Vogue March 2012 Check them out below, and click over to Vogue to see even more photos of the gorgeous Adele and read her juicy interview
Lana Del Rey Met Gala Appearance Is Actually Happening... With Joseph Altuzarra Despite her absence at Sunday night's Grammys and at New York Fashion Week, del Rey is still high on fashion's radar. Thanks
Miley Cyrus' Sleek New Bob (PHOTO, POLL) Another day. Another Disney starlet with a new hairdo. While I'm getting a total Jennifer Aniston vibe with this blunt bob
What The Stylelist Staff Bought This Weekend On the weekends, we Stylelist editors practice what we preach, which entails scouring flea markets, shopping online and occasionally
Patti Smith Just Sang Her Heart Out to Us in Manhattan How did she know that song was Richard and Elizabeth's personal love song? I went into shock. It was from the film The Sandpiper the film where I met Elizabeth, met my husband Ron Berkeley. It was the film where it all started for me in Paris in 1964.
Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Inspired by Pucci's geometric patterns and Chanel's florals, Cadle has created an environment and aesthetic inside the Star Lounge to make people feel right at home. Decorated with cucumber greens, pops of pink, light grays and soft blacks, his pallet is serene and welcoming.
NYFW The rest of the collection was bell bottoms, floral mini-dresses and jackets trimmed with fur or fringe.\u00a0 Looking at the prints and styles, I couldn't help but wonder if Ms. Miller had been inspired by Los Angeles designer Holly Harp.
Nicki Minaj Grammy Dress 2012 Nicki Minaj immediately turned heads at the Grammys on Sunday night when she stepped onto the red carpet looking like she'd
Grammys 2012 Beauty On the eve of the 2012 Grammys, I grew anxious to see which musicians would wear the most outrageous cat-eye liner and rainbow
Adele Grammys 2012 Dress Well it's safe to say that Adele is officially having a fashion moment. After facing down negative comments from Karl Lagerfeld
Fergie Grammys 2012 Red Carpet Dress Fergie told Giuliana Rancic that the gown was flown in from Paris, hot off Jean Paul Gaultier's couture runway. So she must
BAFTAs 2012 Red Carpet Roundup It's the eleventh hour for Hollywood style, with celebs taking their final red carpet turns at the 2012 BAFTAs before the
Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue 2012 Cover The cover shot, which has been leaked today but will officially debut this evening on \The Late Show with David Letterman
Red Alert Whether you're happily committed or single and ready to mingle, your Valentine's Day makeup requires some careful thought.
June Ambrose's Two Beauty Looks Location
New York Fashion Week Fall 2012 Beauty at Diane von Furstenberg's fall 2012 show. Photo
New York Fashion Week Fall 2012 The Inspiration
Valentine's Day Cards Dinner plans are made, your gift is wrapped, but did you remember to get your loved one a Valentine's Day card? While chocolates
New York Fashion Week Fall 2012 \I thought they all looked gorgeous,\ she said of their runway walks. \They looked like princesses, it was amazing.\ WireImage
New York Fashion Week 2012 Getty Images Getty Images Who Was There
New York Fashion Week 2012 Who Was There
Taylor Swift Grammy 2012 Performance But when she hit the stage, performing \Mean,\ she channeled another vibe entirely. Grasping a banjo and singing alongside
Sophie De Rakoff, \This Means War\ Costume Designer, On Reese Witherspoon, Dressing For A Date What\u2019s it like to work with Reese Witherspoon? She\u2019s amazing, she\u2019s exactly what you think she would be. Reese is fun and
New York Fashion Week 2012 Who Was There
Ashanti Sex Shoes Grab Our Attention At Fashion Week (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Girls Run the World Strong, powerful, successful...those are the images that came to mind today as DKNY, Diane von Furstenberg, Victoria Beckham and Derek Lam filled their runways with clothing meant for sophisticated women who take work and play very seriously.
Francoise Hardy, French Singer, Poses For A Portrait \A Look Back\ is a daily column that highlights a moment from fashion's fabulous past. Today's pick is of French singer and
New York Fashion Week Fall 2012 There's no arguing with the fact that during New York Fashion Week, running around is extremely exhausting. However, the
New York Fashion Week Fall 2012 Do we have the next Sean Avery on our hands? Maybe not, but that doesn't mean Barden wouldn't take an internship at Vogue
New York Fashion Week 2012 Nails
BAFTAs 2012 Red Carpet Roundup It's the eleventh hour for Hollywood style, with celebs taking their final red carpet turns at the 2012 BAFTAs before the
Grammy Awards 2012 Red Carpet PHOTOS
New York Fashion Week Fall 2012 Nails
Adele Vogue Cover Has Finally Come True (PHOTO) The \Rolling In The Deep\ singer previously graced the covers of Vogue UK and Cosmopolitan, but Vogue is the real deal. Just
Whitney Houston Dies, Her Glittering Style Remembered (PHOTOS) And within the fashion world, of course, Whitney will always be remembered for having style befitting her \diva\ status. With
Gisele Alexander Wang Appearance Brings Supermodels Back To The Runway (PHOTOS) Just like her unexpected appearance closing Givenchy's Spring 2012 show last season, Gisele's runway turn was the surprise
New York Fashion Week 2012 Who Was There
New York Fashion Week 2012 Who Was There
Whitney Houston Dies, Her Glittering Style Remembered (PHOTOS) And within the fashion world, of course, Whitney will always be remembered for having style befitting her \diva\ status. With
Whitney Houston Dies, Her Glittering Style Remembered (PHOTOS) While in recent years Houston was known more for her erratic behavior and ongoing battle with drug abuse, she remained an
New York Fashion Week 2012 Who Was There
New York Fashion Week 2012 Who Was There
New York Fashion Week Fall 2012 Makeup
Michelle Williams BAFTAs 2012 Dress Is By H&M! (PHOTOS, POLL) Holy high street! And on a red carpet sagging under the weight of boring and/or ill-fitting fashion choices (see a full red
New York Fashion Week Fall 2012 Inspiration
Days Of Wine And Roses After seasons of dresses, dresses, and more dresses, trousers are stepping back into the spotlight. From the leg-lengthening stove pipe flares that reminded me (in a good way) of Tom Ford's legendary Gucci collections to the '70s-style pantsuits at Rachel Zoe, wearable pants stormed the runways.
BAFTAs 2012 Red Carpet Roundup It's the eleventh hour for Hollywood style, with celebs taking their final red carpet turns at the 2012 BAFTAs before the
Michelle Williams BAFTAs 2012 Dress Is By H&M! (PHOTOS, POLL) See Michelle's budget-friendly frock below -- can you tell it's by H&M? And on a red carpet sagging under the weight of boring
2012 Grammy Awards Gifting Suites With Grammys on Sunday night, gifting suites were abound in Hollywood and celebrities turned up to get their fair share of goodies.
New York Fashion Week 2012 Who Was There
New York Fashion Week Fall 2012 What songs are you planning to play during fashion week? It took me nine months to compile the records that I\u2019m playing during
Michelle Obama 'Let's Move!' Tour FLOTUS' first stop was Dallas, where she met with children from Nancy Moseley Elementary School and members of Bravo's series
My First Lincoln Center Collection! When I think of Lincoln Center, I think about culture
Kelly Rowland's Birthday As one of the original members of Destiny's Child, Kelly Rowland has been dressing like a superstar over the past 15 years
A Color Palette Emerges It's only the end of day two at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week, but the color palette for the season has claimed its dominance.  Wines, maroons, and rusts lead the charge in a deeply autumnal color palette. Greens range from dark forest to hinting at peacock blue to a dull chartreuse.
Mena Suvari Ever since her sexy, scandalous performance in \American Beauty,\ Mena Suvari has grown to become one of Hollywood's most
Shailene Woodley In Jason Wu WHAT
Emma Watson's Sheer Pink Frock FYI, Americans
Fashion She Writes New York Fashion Week is here. Our streets are dotted with teenage models, as noticeable as a gazelle in a herd of wildebeest, clutching their portfolios and intently examining subway maps. Emergency haircut appointments are made, juice fasts considered and new shoes purchased.
New York Fashion Week 2012 Who Was There
Best And Worst Grammys Dresses Of All Time (PHOTOS) With the 54th Grammy Awards just around the corner on Sunday night, people everywhere are getting ready to watch great performances
New York Fashion Week 2012 Inspiration
Valentine's Day 2012 As you know, we have a love-hate relationship with Valentine's Day around the Stylelist office. Even if some of us are total
New York Fashion Week 2012 \A Look Back\ is a daily column that highlights a moment from fashion's fabulous past. Today's pick is of Vogue editors Anna
New York Fashion Week What is the last song you downloaded? Lana Del Ray, \u201cVideo Games.\u201d What song should never be played at a fashion show? Right
Emma Roberts' Style Evolution (PHOTOS) Emma Roberts\u2019 style has come a long way from camo pants, athletic wear, screen-printed tees and flared denim. It looks like
A Conversation With Fashion Designer and Style Icon Rachel Roy Before her fall 2012 presentation on Monday, Feb. 13, fashion designer -- and muse and style icon to many -- Rachel Roy talks about Deepak Chopra and spirituality, taking charge of her future, and sleeping naked.
Day One Of New York Fashion Week Spring 2012 is all about colorblocking, and by the looks of some of the beginning shows of Fall 2012, next season will be as well. Almost every look at BCBG Max Azria involved an element of colorblock, and even the wide stripes at Richard Chai love seemed large enough to lump them in.
Lana Del Rey Says Her Lips Are Real (PHOTOS) Click over to T magazine to see the Terry Richardson-directed photo shoot and read the full interview with Lana, including
Julianne Moore In Roberto Cavalli Getty Images WHO
Fashion Week's Best Model Falls (VIDEO) When Christie Brinkley, Minka Kelly and Rose McGowan stumbled at Wednesday's Heart Truth Red Dress Show, then two other models
The Best Fashion Week Happenings Fashion week for me is the busiest week of the year and it's a whirlwind of bookings, fashion shows, events and non stop craziness. First up last night, was MILK STUDIOS and the Wu Tang Clan.
New York Fashion Week Who Was There
Janice Dickinson Steps Out In Sheer Shirt (PHOTO, POLL) Just kidding
Sheryl Crow's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) Sheryl Crow's style philosophy must be, \if you got it, flaunt it\ because the singer-songwriter (who turns 50-years-old
Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Cover 2012 Scroll down for more photos. This year's cover will be unveiled on Feb. 13 on the David Letterman show, and will be available
New York Fashion Week This week, FashGif takes on a dress from Gary Graham's fall 2012 collection. Don't you wish these sleeves were a reality
Brand Expansion Is the Way to Retail Recovery A recession economy needn't be the demise of fashion brands, as there are certainly more\nthan enough opportunities to get back to black with the brand value intact.
Chlo\u00eb Moretz's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) Check out more of Moretz\u2019s style as she turns 15 this Friday, and see which designer gifted the star a classic luxury bag
Ellie Kemper Makeup Malfunction We just spotted these pics of \Bridesmaids\ star Ellie Kemper arriving at the Late Show on Wednesday in New York, and seeing
Christina Ricci's Beauty Evolution (PHOTOS) Check out Ricci\u2019s beauty evolution as she turns 32-years-old this Sunday, and see what she has to say about her hit \u201cPan
New York Fashion Week Happy Fashion Week! Our team jet set from Los Angeles to New York City for a front row view of all the runway action. Follow
New York Fashion Week 2012 Nails
Vanessa Hudgens' Two Beauty Looks Location
My Favorite Black Dress In honor of Fashion Week, I want to revisit one of life's eternal questions
Valentine's Day 2012 Clockwise From Left
What To Wear To Fashion Week We relish the excitement of Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Fall 2012, as a dizzying,  somewhat dyslexic time, when we bundle up in our winter's wool and fur,  while bustling by the boutiques on Madison and Fifth Avenue, brimming with the bright fashions of early spring and resort, simultaneously scurrying to survey the styles sashaying the runways for next fall.
New York Fashion Week When one thinks of Carolina Herrera's ladylike designs, one word typically comes to mind
Be My Valentine Man's yearning for love may even exceed his desire and passions for money, success and fame.
Jennifer Aniston's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) With her never too overdone style, Jennifer Aniston possesses one of the most highly-coveted looks in Hollywood. The \Wanderlust
Lupe Velez, Actress, Reclines Wearing A Black Dress \A Look Back\ is a daily column that highlights a moment from fashion's fabulous past. Today's pick is of actress Lupe Velez
New York Fashion Week What is your prediction for most overplayed song during the shows or parties? Lana Del Rey. What is the first fashion show
New York Fashion Week 2012 While the shows are obviously the main focus of New York Fashion Week, so are the celebrities who catch all the action from
New York Fashion Week Fall 2012 One of our favorite things during New York Fashion Week is the show happening outside of the tents. From Anna Dello Russo
Solange Knowles In Vera Wang WHERE
Red Carpet Manicure Creates 24K Gold Nail Polish For The Grammys On Sunday night, I'll be planted in front of my flat screen TV watching the Grammys to see which musicians take home the
Alessandra Ambrosio Models For VMAN's Pin-Up Editorial (PHOTOS) The news that Carine Roitfeld is launching her own magazine has been buzzing around ever since she left Vogue Paris. In the
Halle Berry 'Dark Tide' Poster Centers On Awful Bikini Top (PHOTO, VIDEO) Halle's Rorschach Test of a bathing suit is front and center, dwarfing co-star (and fiance) Olivier Martinez's head. It's
Five Tips for Relationship Fiscal Harmony How compatible are you and your partner when it comes to money and finances? Many couples have different values where money is concerned and neglect to take the time to hash out issues that can potentially ruin their relationship.
\Marie Claire Outfit 911\ Author Joyce Corrigan's 10 Tips For Nailing Spring Trends Have you ever looked into your over-stuffed closet and cried, \I have nothing to wear!\ Haven't we all. Marie Claire contributing
New York Fashion Week 2012 Makeup
Rose McGowan, Christie Brinkley & Minka Kelly Trip On Red Dress Collection Runway (VIDEO, PHOTOS) See a clip of Rose McGowan from the show as well as photos from all three stars' runway turns below (and see a video of the
amfAR Gala 2012 Check out photos of all the red carpet glitz below! SJP wore her pre-fall 2012 Oscar de la Renta pink gown under a leather
Catching Up & Sucking It In With Jill Zarin! Zarin is taking her over 25 years of retail experience and parlaying it into her new venture, a shape wear line called Skweez Couture. An unexpected, yet rather savvy move.
Oh Lola From WhyDid? \Lolita\ is a term that is often thrown around without much thought. \u00a0It's used in songs, slang, and even runway
Has Sexting Become Mainstream for Young Women? As far as sexting, texting, posting, and tagging goes, remember, we're creating a permanent digital footprint every time we push the send button.
Tavi Packs For 2012 Fashion Week, Adorably (VIDEO) \I usually pack the night before and then I'm up super late,\ Tavi sighs as she kneels over a suitcase in her Chicago bedroom
Karlie Kloss Skipping New York Fashion Week? (UPDATED) HEARING
One Gingham Shirt, Four Ways From What I Wore
Inspired By Lil' Kim's Style From Love Is The New Black
Shailene Woodley's Two Beauty Looks Shailene Woodley. Photos
Pleated Skirts We are always on the lookout for things that can go from season to season -- with the economy in the toilet who can afford
New York Fashion Week The Moment
Helena Christensen Covers 'Vs.' Magazine, Wears Sneakers (PHOTOS) We'd lost count and thought Vogue was the last mag to release its all-important March cover (seriously, Anna, what's the
Prince Charles & Camilla Dons Leis In London (PHOTOS) Amidst the solemnity, the couple shared a light-hearted moment when a postmaster slipped red and yellow garlands from a Valentine's
Kelly Cutrone's Fashion Dos And Don'ts Sign up to receive my email newsletter each week - It will keep you up-to-date on upcoming articles, Mondays with Marlo guests
Alessandra Ambrosio And Lorenzo Martone Discuss Valentine's Day Plans (PHOTOS) At Wednesday night's opening of Galeria Melissa on Greene Street, Harley Viera Newton, Alessandra Ambrosio, Lorenzo Martone
A Stylish Glimpse Ahead he Monday before New York fashion week, at 11am prompt, Vogue's editorial team religiously met to discuss the upcoming season. Much the impatient leader, Anna Wintour, my boss, always wanted to have access to 7th Avenue's hidden secrets  before they hit the runway.
Erica Dasher On Andie MacDowell And Her First New York Fashion Week It\u2019s hard to outshine actress Andie MacDowell, but newcomer Erica Dasher holds her own in their new ABC Family show, \u201cJane
Kate Moss Is A Demon On 'W' Magazine Good/Evil Covers (EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS) Keep scrolling for more photos. For the \evil\ cover, which we're unveiling here, photographer Steven Klein captures Kate
Lessons From the Shoe Museum The Bata Shoe Museum in Toronto bills itself as being \for the curious,\ and I certainly was.
Lucky Lady Wednesday marked the beginning of New York Fashion Week, but last week, one of the city's biggest fashionistas was already
Moda Operandi's Aslaug Magnusdottir Talks Company Changes And Getting Dressed For Work To further entice these well-heeled ladies, Moda has even more to labels to offer this season including Marni, Jason Wu and
Pantone Bellflower #18-3628 In our series, Pantone Color of the Week, we take swatches from the company's Color Report and translate it to fashion and
Runway To Win Event Gets Support From Scarlett Johansson, Anna Wintour & Plenty Of Designers Unfortunately Santorum lives nowhere near the Lower East Side. And his sweater vests are woefully non-ironic. With just two
Reggie Love Reveals President Obama's Best Style Tip HuffPost
A Conversation With Designer Norma Kamali Just before the New York fashion week becomes hectic, Norma Kamali talks about great ideas, looking effortless and female empowerment. She also wants you to know that she is not as old as you think she is.
Lana Del Rey Gold Tooth Leaves Us With Lots Of Questions (PHOTOS, POLL) Indie singer/media target/Vogue UK covergirl Lana Del Rey boasts several peculiarities, namely her sharp claw-like manicure
Karl Lagerfeld Apologizes For Calling Adele 'Fat' But now Karl, perhaps unsurprisingly, is backtracking, saying his words were taken out of context. Here's how he defends
Miley Cyrus Garter Tights Turn Heads On Starbucks Coffee Run (PHOTOS) But Miley Cyrus chose a more, uh, titillating wardrobe as she grabbed Starbucks and headed to Bed Bath & Beyond in Los Angeles
Anna Wintour's Obama Benefit, Kanye West Returns To Paris Fashion Week And More Style News (PHOTOS) Last night, Anna Wintour and Scarlett Johansson co-hosted a benefit to help raise money for the Obama campaign. The event
Sissy Spacek in \Badlands\ I am perhaps the last person on earth to see Terrence Malick's brilliant film, \Badlands,\ but after watching it this weekend
Rachel McAdams At 'The Vow' Premiere In Vivienne Westwood Meanwhile, McAdams said this dress made her look like a cream puff. Do you agree? CELEBRITY RELATED LINKS YOU MAY LOVE
James Franco Directs New Ads For Seven For All Mankind (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Scroll down for more photos and video. The ads will debut on YouTube on February 15. Check out the spots below and watch
Roberto And Eva Cavalli Discuss New Roberto Cavalli Fragrance, Offer Relationship Advice Roberto
Kylie Bisutti, Victoria's Secret Model, Prioritizes Faith Over Lingerie (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Read more from the Christian model at FoxNews.com and see photos of her (in both lingerie and more modest gear) in the slideshow
Michelle Obama, Jimmy Fallon Do Push-Ups & Tug-Of-War In The White House (VIDEO) WATCH
Molly Sims Shows Off Baby Bump In Revealing Pink Dress At 'Safe House' Premiere (PHOTOS) We can't wait to see how gorgeous Molly continues to be throughout her pregnancy. PHOTOS
Mia Farrow's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) Golden Globe Award-winning actress Mia Farrow will always be known for her roles in \Rosemary\u2019s Baby,\ \The Great Gatsby
A Stylish Glimpse Ahead The Monday before New York fashion week, at 11am prompt, Vogue's editorial team religiously met to discuss the upcoming season. Much the impatient leader, Anna Wintour, my boss, always wanted to have access to 7th Avenue's hidden secrets  before they hit the runway.
Kate Middleton Visit To Lucien Freud Exhibit Marks Duchess' First Solo Appearance (PHOTOS) But as she settles into her role as a royal, the Duchess of Cambridge is stepping out solo for her first public engagements
Older Women, Longer Hair Also, check out our video on getting your foundation right -- no matter what type of coverage you need. We've taken a closer
Adriana Lima, Victoria's Secret Angel, Talks Valentine's Day, Fashion Week And Chocolate With Doutzen Kroes and Lindsay Ellingson CELEBRITY RELATED LINKS YOU MAY LOVE
CB I Hate Perfume Founder, Christopher Brosius, On Perfume Etiquette, Smelling Like Dirt (VIDEO) In a former life, perfumer and CB I Hate Perfume founder, Christopher Brosius was a cab driver in New York City. There he
Chambray Dress Take a look at how we styled this dress over the course of a week. How would you wear this dress? FASHION RELATED LINKS YOU
A Valentine to Pregnant Women Pregnant women glow vibrantly with nature's life-enhancing hormones.  Bursting with vitality, naturally content within their unique state, they exude an attractive optimistic happiness.  And they are sexy.  Yes, sexy.
New York Fashion Week Pants were cropped with just a touch of skin peeking out. Paired with patent-leather, laceup oxfords (my podiatrist will
Stacy London Click over to Us Weekly to read which Oscars gowns Stacy actually loved, and check out Gwyneth's dress below... was it really
Whitney Port & Tyson Beckford Named New Judges Of 'Britain And Ireland's Next Top Model' (VIDEO, POLL) For many, this comes as a surprise, as it was rumored \E!'s Fashion Police\ member Kelly Osbourne would be the newest judge
The Best Fashion Week Food Spots Fashionistas get asked the same question ten times a day
Victoria Beckham Oscar Dresses In High Demand The British designer may be included in the list of red carpet credits when Hollywood's biggest stars hit the Oscars in two
Vintage Chanel Ad From Couture Et Cuisine
Keeping It Mellow In Yellow From Homerun Ballerina
Celine Pre-Fall 2012 From Take A Drag Or Two
Hat Hairstyles While there are loads of on-trend hat choices out there -- fedoras, floppy wide-brims and ball caps, to name a few -- there's
Victoria, Harper Beckham Match In Plaid (PHOTOS) The seven-month-old turned up at LAX airport with her mother, Victoria, in coordinating plaid. The pop star-turned-designer
Michelle Williams Frolics In A Cemetery For Boy By Band Of Outsiders Lookbook (PHOTOS) Michelle Williams and her cute pixie cut are the face of Boy by Band of Outsiders. In the summery photos, the \My Week With
John Galliano Surfaces In London In Rare Post-Scandal Appearance Nearly a year after his very public fall from grace and subsequent hiatus from his formerly bustling social life, former
Jennifer Aniston InStyle Cover March 2012 It's not like the new Jennifer issue appears to have any salacious new quotes, from what we can tell -- she shoots down the
New York Fashion Week Fall 2012 New York Fashion Week might not officially begin until Thursday, but we\u2019ve got a sneak peek at what some of the biggest designers
Beyonce Makes First Post-Baby Appearance In Hot Red Dress At Jay-Z Carnegie Hall Concert (PHOTOS) Proud papa Jay-Z dedicated the concert to their daughter and after singing \Glory,\ the song he wrote for Blue Ivy, the rapper
Got Dumped? 7 Steps to Being Better Instead of Bitter Rebuilding your life does not have to be a scary or overwhelming stage. With the right perspective it can be seen as a new adventure -- an opportunity to create the life your really want to live.
'The Bachelor' Season 16, Ep. 6 Style Recap But never fear
Dr. Drew Partners With Nivea For 'Million Moments Of Touch' Campaign To help couples reconnect, Nivea is offering a daily Facebook contest to win an all-expenses-paid date night. And comely
Lindsay Lohan Poodle Coat Gives Us The Warm Fuzzies (PHOTOS, POLL) Check out Lindsay's coat... are you a fan of the ostrich/poodle/polar bear look? It's a poodle! It's an ostrich! It's... Yeah
David Beckham But Becks says he preferred the filming of the ad -- which features Beckham in a pair of tight white underwear and nothing
My \Love Em or Leave Em\ Valentine's Day Gift Guide! Just when you were making a dent in your credit card bills from the holidays, here comes Valentine's Day.
Feeling Foxy From Trop Rouge
Crop Top In The Middle Of Winter From Karla's Closet
Behind Madonna's Super Bowl Half Time Performance From Smoke And Mirrors
Jada Pinkett Smith's Two Beauty Looks Check out previous \The Two Faces Of...\ beauty looks in the slideshow below. Location
How To Get A Faux Bob Hairstyle, Beth Of 'B. Jones Style' Gives Us Her Tips If you're like Beth and me, watch the video above to get the faux bob -- a simple style seen all over the runways at Dior's
Beyonce's First Post-Baby Appearance, Coppola's H&M For Marni Video And More Style News Got a big date for Valentine's Day this year? Here are a couple of great options for what to wear. (Glamour) To avoid another
Eva Mendes For Marie Claire & Bianca Balti For Vogue Japan Check out the dueling bodysuits
Jessica White's Sheer Lace Jumpsuit Jessica White has left very little to be desired. Jessica White. Photo
Courtney Love, Karl Lagerfeld And Audrey Hepburn Love Their Gloves (PHOTOS) We've seen sequined gloves, lace gloves and fur gloves that remind us of animal paws -- extreme? Sure. Cute? Definitely. Get
Ke$ha's Makeunder, Joan River's 739 Cosmetic Procedures And More Beauty News Get out. Joan Rivers claims she's had had 739 cosmetic procedures. (NYMag) Reese Witherspoon's new bangs are actually a disguise
LesNouvelles Founded a former ELLE editor, LesNouvelles.com is a tightly edited e-commerce site based out of Atlanta, Georgia. But don't
Louis Vuitton's Merry-Go-Round Strap Mule Louis Vuitton's spring 2012 runway show was full of everything a girl loves; feathers, lace, candy-colored accessories and
Rachel McAdams Debuts New Blonde Bangs At 'The Vow' Premiere (PHOTOS, POLL) We'll admit it
Viola Davis In Juan Carlos Obando WHERE
Catching Up Tick tock goes the clock and time keeps marching on.  Sometimes I feel that I am on one of those moving sidewalks that you find in airports, but this one does not have an exit!  I am so sorry that I have been not been in communication for so long.  December was promised to be a bit of a break, but it was not.
New York Fashion Week What is your go to song of all time? Dion And The Belmonts, \Runaround Sue\ What do you wear if you are DJing? If I'm DJing
How To Break Up With Your Hairdresser Don't use outrageous excuses I'm guilty as charged of dialing up my stylist to say I've had a family emergency to avoid a
Glenn Close Take a look out our previous A Look Back photos in the slideshow below. \A Look Back\ is a daily column that highlights a
Caillianne, Samantha And Chloe Beckerman Of 'Beckerman Bite Plate' And Their Out-Of-This-World Style (PHOTOS) Stylelist is about all kinds of fashion for all kinds of women. So in our Stylelist Blogger Network (which you should check
Rihanna Bodysuit Shows Off... Everything (PHOTOS) We love the jeans and the strong lip, but the bodysuit is one of those typically controversial Rihanna items
Q10 With Dr. Oz 1. Whom do you credit for inspiring you to be the person you are today? Like most people, it's a composite of several influential characters in my life - my wife, my father and my father in law have had the largest and most immediate impact on my growth as an adult. Professionally, Ms. Winfrey both taught me the process of television as well as launched me into the broadcasting world.
Laura Linney's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) Linney streamlines her looks with solid colors. She\u2019s worn variations of yellow, purple and red, but also sticks to tried
Couple Buys Entire Jason Wu For Target Stock At Miami Store (VIDEO) Ginger Harris, who witnessed the event and posted photos, reports on her blog that the cops even got involved after the male
'Smash' Star Katharine McPhee In Valentino Getty Images WHAT
Kelly Clarkson's Sleek Super Bowl Hair (PHOTO, POLL) Kelly Clarkson at Super Bowl XLVI. Photo
Karl Lagerfeld Some of these we agree with -- FLOTUS is indeed magical and there are a few too many baby bumps in tabloids these days -- but
Emmanuelle Alt, French Vogue Editors Lip Sync & Dance To Wham! (VIDEO) And Alt, who's pretty much our new hero, even nails George Michael's hand gestures. Watch the video below and join us in
Joan Rivers Plastic Surgery Procedures Number 739? (UPDATED) 739. Meaning she probably doesn't care that 739 is a completely absurd amount of surgeries and that with her 80th birthday
Rooney Mara Wears A Color! Praise The Fashion Gods! (PHOTOS) It was green. It was in the form of a dress. And we loved it. Alas, the gloriously colorful moment was short-lived. Today
Lanvin Summer 2012 Ad Are snakes having a renaissance in fashion lately? First we had Daisy Lowe's Oyster magazine shoot, and now this new Lanvin
Katherine Heigl Zebra Print Dress Is A Bit Wild For Our Taste (PHOTOS, POLL) Horizontal stripes alone are a fashion risk, but luckily Heigl has the body for it. As for the wild print, however, we're
Katherine Heigl's Two Beauty Looks Katherine Heigl. Photos
A Conversation With Designer Yigal Azrouel The fashion designer Yigal Azrouel has an advantage over many other designers. His designs are the clothes that models like to wear when they are off the runway.
New York Fashion Week What is your go-to song of all time? Les Rita Mitsouko, \Andy.\ Check out some of our favorite DJs below
Queen Elizabeth Diamond Jubilee All hail the Queen! Said Queen Elizabeth II in a statement this morning
Eug\u00e8ne Atget MoMA Exhibit Showcases Parisian Street Style (PHOTOS) FASHION RELATED LINKS YOU MAY LOVE
Marilyn Monroe's Style We dare you to try 1950s style this spring in sheath dresses that are nipped in at the waist, just-below-knee-length-skirts
Helene Kuhn, Actress 1. Moroccanoil Moisture Repair Shampoo, $20, moroccanoil.com Take a look at previous FaceTime photos in the gallery below
Madonna Halftime Show Appropriately, Madonna didn't skimp on the high fashion, trotting around the multi-level stage in Givenchy Couture and Bulgari
Adriana Lima's Two Super Bowl Commercials (POLL) For Teleflora, Lima put on pantyhose, zipped her dress and applied lipstick in dramatic fashion before telling guys that
Super Bowl While watching the super bowl on Sunday night, I jokingly turned to a friend and said, \Well, I like blue, so I guess I am
Kelly Osbourne Gray Hair 'Something I've Wanted To Do My Whole Life' (VIDEO) But while fashion types don't bat an eye an at 20-something with silver locks, Kelly is still explaining her beauty choice
Jason Wu For Target Not Sold Out... Yet (PHOTOS) But unlike the epic catastrophe that was Missoni for Target, which crashed Target.com, some Jason Wu for Target pieces are
Ioana Spangenberg's Waist Is A Mere 20 Inches (VIDEO) With 32-inch hips contrasting her 20-inch middle, Ioana cuts an extreme figure. But apparently she's turned an idiosyncrasy
Marisa Mell, Austrian Actress, In Barcelona \A Look Back\ is a daily column that highlights a moment from fashion's fabulous past. Today's pick is of actress Marisa
NFL Homes From Huffington Post Black Voices
Irina Shayk Sparkles In Silver Fringe (PHOTOS, POLL) Yet there's something about this dress -- the oddly short length, the asymmetrical cut, the costumey-look of the whole thing
Jessica Alba, Michelle Williams, Kate Bosworth Choose Erdem From People Style Watch
Debbie Harry \A Look Back\ is a daily column that highlights a moment from fashion's fabulous past. Today's pick is of Blondie's Debbie
Kate Bosworth Frolics On The Moon For Vanessa Bruno Spring/Summer 2012 (VIDEO) Does Kate Bosworth live on the moon now? You heard it here first
Queen Elizabeth II's Handbag Reportedly Contains Lipstick, Lozenges, No Cash But the queen's ladies-in-waiting reportedly carry other goods for her as well. Click over to Telegraph to find out what
How To Get Beautiful Skin Like A French Woman From BellaSugar
MANOLO BLAHNIK In this rare and exclusive conversation, Manolo Blahnik discusses his incredible career redefining the role of the shoe in fashion.
Why I'm A Cross-Dresser...For Men's Accessories At the time, she was wearing a little blue dress with a peter pan collar. In fact, the same dress I was wearing at that moment
Sperry and Milly Team Up When I was little my dad exclusively wore Sperry Top-Siders, otherwise known as \boat shoes,\ so I was pretty shocked, then
'Harper's Bazaar' Liu Bolin Feature Camouflages Designers Into Their Work (PHOTOS, VIDEO) But at Bazaar's behest, Liu turned his paintbrushes on different subjects
Top 3 Sustainable Design Competitions of 2012 In just a decade, sustainable design has gone from obscurity to the international spotlight. This year, a series of sustainable design competitions across the globe are set to keep it front and center.
Susan Miller, Astrologer, On  Who Will Helm Dior, 2012's Trends To Come And Oscar Predictions Astrology Zone founder Susan Miller is known to inspire a cult-like devotion from the fashion set; both my Stylelist colleagues
Jennifer Connelly For Shiseido We hadn't known that before, but it's true
Best Blogger Looks Of The Week Bette Midler once said, \give a girl the correct footwear and she can conquer the world\ and no one knows that better than
Jennifer Lopez, Tori Spelling And More We've said it before and we'll say it again
Sofia Vergara Leather Pants, Sheer Tank & Red Heels Are A Whole Lotta Sexy (PHOTO) Some women try to hide their sexiness, whether behind frumpy clothes or a shy demeanor. Sofia Vergara is not one of them
Victoria Beckham For i-D And though Beckham arguably could look good in a paper bag, she claims that she spends a lot of time pondering what flatters
Rihanna Dyes Hair Blond For Elle While Rihanna is no stranger to lighter locks -- recently sporting a blond pixie wig for an Armani Jeans ad campaign and
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds (PHOTOS) No time to page through thousands of eBay listings? Then just sneak a peek at my weekly eBay roundup of top vintage clothing finds.
Sofia Vergara's Leather Pants, Tavi's Live-Music Debut And More Never one to shy away from flaunting her figure, \Modern Family\ star Sofia Vergara stepped out in a tight, sheer tank, formfitting
5 Nail Trends That You Can Actually Do Yourself 
92 Year-Old  Ski-Wear Designer, Klaus Obermeyer, Answers the Proust Questionnaire The legend goes when Klaus Obermeyer immigrated to Colorado from Germany in 1947, his mother insisted he pack a comforter. In this case, Mom's advice wasn't only right, it made Obermeyer a mogul.
Michelle Obama Wax Statue Could Use A Makeover, No? (PHOTO, POLL) Michelle, is that you? Not that the First Couple haven't been immortalized in wax before -- there was this 2010 statue in
Grace Kelly's Patriotic Outfit Getty Images Take a look out our previous A Look Back photos in the slideshow below. \A Look Back\ is a daily column that
Edith Drake In Vintage Christian Dior From Advanced Style
Ayaka Nishi Jewelry From Having It All
The Sheer Maxi Skirt Trend From Some Notes On Napkins
Madonna Looks Stylish As She Preps For Her Super Bowl Sunday Performance (PHOTOS) Complete with a shrunken vest, lacey corset and oversized trousers, the queen of pop was the picture of a grown up material
Jennifer Lawrence's Two Beauty Looks Jennifer Lawrence. Photos
Jean Paul Gaultier Spring 2012 Couture We've teamed up with Greta Larkins, the genius behind the brilliant tumblr Fashgif in a weekly series of animated fashion
Emma Watson's Style Problem, Lana Del Ray's Vogue Cover And More Octavia Spencer tells Ellen Degeneres that she was in quite a pinch at the SAG Awards
Gisele Super Bowl Email Requests Prayers & Positive Vibes For Tom Brady It's a cute behind-the-scenes look at the stunning couple, who are otherwise so rich, gorgeous and fancy (have you seen their
Lana Del Rey Vogue UK Cover The cover is lovely, save for those pointy red fingernails, which are just odd. But are you on board with Lana becoming fashion's
Blake Lively Talks Not Having A Stylist, Wanting to Have 'Tranny' Children In Elle Magazine (PHOTOS) We think Blake's been doing pretty well sans style guru, but we're guessing after taking help from Joe Zee for this ultra
Naomi Watts In Stella McCartney WHO
'Jimmy Choo XV' What words do you associate with Jimmy Choo? Personally, I immediately think of glamour, stilettos and utter luxury. To celebrate
Yiqing Yin Earth elements were the overall color theme at Yiqing Yin's spring couture show in Paris this season.
Isla Fisher's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) See more of Fisher\u2019s red carpet and street style looks as she celebrates her 36th birthday this Friday with her comedian
Versace-Like Scarf Prints Are Everywhere For Spring (PHOTOS) The colorful prints, previously seen wrapped around the necks (and handbags) of sophisticated ladies, have now taken their
Elisa Goodkind And Lily Mandelbaum Of 'Stylelikeu' Share Their Top Tunes (PHOTOS) Typically, mothers and daughters have opposite tastes in music. So when we heard that Elisa Goodkind and Lily Mandelbaum
Crystal Renn Reveals The Truth About Her Recent Weight Loss (VIDEO) Renn further says she's been at every weight from being able to wear children's clothes to being a size 16, and everything
Jason Wu's Cat Has Us Dreaming Of Kitty Couture (PHOTOS) Fashion's obsession with animals is nothing new. Years ago Stella McCartney put horses on pieces in her spring 2001 collection
The Roots of Beauty \I tend toward natural products now, which is what my company represents. I am always surprised to see luxury products that I used to think were great, but now when I see their ingredients I completely change my perception.\
Spice Girls Union Jack Dress Gets A Makeover By Geri Halliwell (PHOTOS) On Thursday Geri, 39, presented the centerpiece of the collection, wearing the new red and blue frock alongside an image
Princess Diana Wedding Dress Exhibit Debuts In Minnesota's Mall Of America (PHOTOS) That famous David and Elizabeth Emanuel-designed gown, which features 10,000 mother-of-pearl sequins and pearls and a 25
Vanessa Hudgens Finally Scores A Fashion Win On The 'Tonight Show' (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Check out Vanessa's glam gown and watch the videos (where she confesses a sly secret about her tattoo) below. But Vanessa
Clara Bow Take a look out our previous A Look Back photos in the slideshow below. FASHION RELATED LINKS YOU MAY LOVE
Candice Swanepoel Goes Dark & Edgy in Prabal Gurung Spring 2012 Campaign  (PHOTOS) Check out behind the scenes photos from the shoot as well as the final campaign images in the gallery below. The idea to
Spray Tan Meltdown Avoid tight clothes, the gym and pools Form-fitting attire like bras can create annoying tan lines. Play it smart and slip
Anna Wintour '60 Minutes' Interview Goes Up Against The Super Bowl (VIDEO) If, just by chance, you choose to forgo Anna Wintour's 20 minutes with Morley Safer, here's a sneak peek. Needless to say
Joanna Krupa & Katie Cleary Demand Kardashians Stop Selling Fur At DASH But this isn't the first time petition-wielders have united to try to stop the Kardashian publicity Frankenstein as it lumbers
The Need to Obsess Every so often, I discover something new which excites me, which triggers an oft-unexpected burst of physiological euphoria, and I choose to get drunk on it.
A Very '80s Vintage Top From Positive Greater Than Negative
Technicolor Dream Coat From Beckerman Bite Plate
How To Wear Bright Stripes From My Style Pill
Rules of Netiquette for Email and Status Updates It's time to put your best digital foot forward with five simple rules of netiquette for sending email, posting on Facebook and Twitter, and sharing content on your favorite social networking sites.
A Conversation With Designer Dennis Basso Basso talks about being in love, the importance of friends, and why a great haircut is a must-have whether you are a woman or a man.
Michelle Obama 'Tonight Show' Outfit Michelle Obama was absolutely glowing on Tuesday night when she strode out onto the \Tonight Show\ stage. The first lady
Gwyneth Paltrow 'Harper's Bazaar' Cover Ushers In New Era (PHOTOS, POLL) If not for the small tagline written next to her, \Gwyneth Revealed,\ you might not know it was her. Harper's Bazaar promised
Keira Knightley Hits 'A Dangerous Method' Premiere... With Spray Tan Snafu? (PHOTOS) Check out Keira below. Do you love this dark look? Regardless, it couldn't be worse than Christina Aguilera's unfortunate
The Row's Striped, Cotton Pajama-Inspired Pants Talk Off is a column in which our editors spontaneously debate a trend. This week these striped, cotton pajama-inspired pants
Cate Blanchett In Alexander McQueen WHAT
Barbara Tfank 6. Her work soundtrack consists of Japanese composer Minami Nozaki, French electronica band Cocosuma, and of course, Adele
Jason Wu For Target Skirt FASHION RELATED LINKS YOU MAY LOVE
Christie Brinkley's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) Christie Brinkley\u2019s versatility as a model has earned her the covers of Life, Glamour and Sports Illustrated, and ad campaigns
Watercolors For Winter Click through the slideshow below to shop the story. For example, we're loving Jessica Alba's playful take brightening up
CFDA's 'The Fashion Fund' On Hulu FASHION RELATED LINKS YOU MAY LOVE
Gwyneth Paltrow For Harper's Bazaar March 2012 We've spent basically all day drooling over the new Gwyneth Paltrow shoot in Harper's Bazaar's March 2012 issue. But we paused
Gwyneth Paltrow's Harper's Bazaar Editorial vs. Karlie Kloss On The Runway We were envious when we first saw the images of Gwyneth Paltrow in the February issue of Harper's Bazaar. The blonde bombshell
Lindsay Lohan Floral Pants Are A Bit Busy (PHOTO, POLL) Either way, she's proven there's still some savvy style sense buried under the bleached blonde exterior. So imagine our surprise
New Adventures in Facial Hair I have more than a couple of times gotten a knowing nod from a stranger, almost as if they are saying, \'Sup beard.\  It's like I'm in a secret brotherhood that bald-cheeked people cannot be a part of.
G-Star Jeans on Why Spokesmodel Cl\u00e9mence Po\u00e9sy Is the Perfect Fit As Global Brand Director for G-Star Raw, Ray is one of several key figures behind a label which has catapulted from its Dutch roots to a multinational company in just over two decades.
Allaire Heisig, Model Who Closed Marc by Marc Jacobs, Loves Adele And Lana Del Rey Not only did model Allaire Heisig walk for Marc by Marc Jacobs' fall 2011 the first time she hit the runway, she closed the
Elyse Walker, Stylish Boutique Owner Talks Shoplifting And Crazy Requests (PHOTOS) Check out our interview below to learn more about Elyse. What items are flying off the shelves? Anything Alexander McQueen
San Ysidro Ranch, Cali's Most Stylish A-list Hideaway There's a little bit of magic in the air at San Ysidro Ranch, and now if you ask me for a recommendation for a stylish break in California, I get that same glazed, longing look as the friends who recommended it to me.
Winter Fashion Photo Credits
Sonam Kapoor's Two Beauty Looks Check out previous \The Two Faces Of...\ beauty looks in the slideshow below. BEAUTY RELATED LINKS YOU MAY LOVE
Jessica Alba, Kim Kardashian, and More At The Salon (PHOTOS) Sometimes, we forget that stars do normal, everyday things, like hang out with their kids, go to the gym or in this case
Kim Kardashian's New Hair Color BEAUTY RELATED LINKS YOU MAY LOVE
Ursula Andress \A Look Back\ is a daily column that highlights a moment from fashion's fabulous past. Today's pick is of Swiss actress Ursula
Octavia Spencer Spanx Story Sounds Painful (VIDEO) WATCH
Glamour March 2012 Cover Features Amanda Seyfried & A Whole New Look (PHOTOS, POLL) The March 2012 issue features Amanda Seyfried on the cover, clad in a skimpy Pierre Balmain top, Hudson jeans and layers
Anna Dello Russo Wigs Out For Radio Deejay's 30th Anniversary (PHOTO, POLL) Anna Dello Russo's latest look has me wanting to trade in my sleek blow-out for big hair. The 49-year-old Vogue Nippon editor
Miley Cyrus Mom Jeans Might Actually Be Kinda Cute (VIDEO, POLL) We are pleased to bring you this latest street style pic of Miley Cyrus, who is branching out from her Uggs and ripped jeans
Marion Cotillard, Carey Mulligan & 'Vanity Fair' Get Us In The '20s Mood (PHOTOS) Marion Cotillard has been spotted decked out in full-on flapper gear as she shoots a new film project, tentatively titled
King Karl There are few fashion designers that are distinguishable by their silhouette alone, have teddy bears created in their likeness, or a career that spans over five decades. In fact, when I say few - I mean one. There is only one Karl Lagerfeld, and his influence within the fashion universe is virtually unparalleled.
William & Kate's Patter of Little Feet The new arrival became a talking point among royal fans and commentators when he was spotted dashing around the feet of the
Kerry Washington's Birthday The demure ensembles Washington wore when she first hit Hollywood have given way to daring looks that have landed her on
Linda Evangelista 'LOVE' Magazine Cover Is Totally Mod (PHOTOS) PHOTOS
Vanity Fair's Nod To The '20s Trend, Rachel Roy On Footwear And More Lizzie Olsen looks luminous modeling Asos ensembles in the Brooklyn Botanic Garden for the retailer's March magazine. (Lucky
Candice Swanepoel Prabal Gurung Spring 2012 Campaign Is Stunning (PHOTOS) The twists and poses are typical for a high-fashion ad. What's not typical, however, is for Candice to be in such a high
Justin Timberlake Birthday Happy birthday, Justin Timberlake! Since Timberlake is celebrating his \Golden Birthday\ today, turning 31 on January 31
Philosophy The Microdelivery Triple-Acid Brightening Peel Click through the slideshow below for other beauty products I've tested. Philosophy Microdelivery Triple-Acid-Brightening
Katharine McPhee's Two Beauty Looks Location
GraphicImage Will Declutter Your Purse Need help narrowing down? We've gathered a few of our favorite products from their site below. Photos Courtesy Of Bobby Doherty
I Stole My Friend's Dress You know those friends who always seem to find the best stuff in the most unlikely places? My Vassar college classmate Sadie
Joan And Melissa Rivers On Ideal Shopping Buddies, Despised Trends And Rules To Dress By Signature scent? Joan
Lee Radziwill Shopping In New York City, 1972 \A Look Back\ is a daily column that highlights a moment from fashion's fabulous past. Today's pick is of Jackie Onassis
How To Last week, Jordan Reid of Ramshackle Glam showed us how to get a chic, simple top knot. Now, the blogger has divulged her
Diy Neon Lace Clutch From Because I'm Addicted
Red Leather And Sequins From Crimes of Fashion
Can You Wear Orange In Winter? From Something Navy
'The Bachelor' Season 16, Ep. 5 Style Recap This week the girls were all dressed down, pulling up to their Puerto Rican suite by boat in lots of black leggings and tee
Foundation How-To As simple as it seems, getting your foundation right can be a tricky affair. Figuring out how much coverage is the right
Reese Witherspoon In Louis Vuitton WHERE
Striped Shirts That Every Girl Should Own (PHOTOS) FASHION RELATED LINKS YOU MAY LOVE
Natural Model Management Helps Average-Sized Models Find A Niche It's still an uphill battle, Halchishick told Fashionista. But there is a promising market among the mass-retailers, like
Lisa Marie Presley's Style Evolution (PHOTOS) Lisa Marie Presley's fashion past has been rocky. Punctuated by denim cutoffs, frumpy dresses and grungy cargo pants, we
Jessica Hoppe, Blogger Behind 'Having It All' Has Become That Girl Who Shows Baby Pictures At Parties (PHOTOS) Do you have any hidden talents? I really know how to listen to others, which makes my content richer. Can you explain the
Isabella Rossellini Models For Betsey Johnson, 1995 Take a look out our previous A Look Back photos in the slideshow below. \A Look Back\ is a daily column that highlights a
Q10 With Carol Woolton Growing up when it's all about cheap quartz watches and costume jewelry I was inspired reading old copies of Harper's Bazaar and Vogue and how Diana Vreeland flamboyantly advised readers to wear fine jewels.
'Today Show' Learns Absurd Men's Grooming & Fashion Words (VIDEO) Visit msnbc.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economy But the trend is not official, of course, until
David Beckham H&M Underwear Commercial Is Everything We Hoped For (VIDEO) Got a case of the Mondays? Here's a present for you
What The Stylelist Staff Bought This Weekend And take a look at our other weekend purchases. On the weekends, we Stylelist editors practice what we preach, which entails
Bringing Overalls Back From Indian Summer Vintage
A Bold Orange Dress From Homerun Ballerina
Manolo Blahnik Collaboration Not Going To Happen, Disappointing Shoe Lovers Everywhere So we're guessing he wasn't too pleased when Colombian drug dealers took a liking to his heels? But in a recent conversation
New York Fashion Week Of course, the model's cards have Lipps' signature edge
Lara Stone & Kate Moss Pose For 'LOVE' With Kitten Ears (PHOTO) For the mag's upcoming Issue 7, two LOVE faves, Lara Stone and Kate Moss, got together for a photo by Mario Testino. Last
What Does It Mean to Be a Couturier? It is often difficult for me to evoke the work that I do, because it does not have any written rules -- it is more of a professional moral code; a personal ethic enhanced by communication with the outside world.
Sofia Coppola's First Marni For H&M Ads, And Other Film Director-Fashion Collabs The first ad for Marni's much anticipated collaboration with H&M surfaced Friday, and we're not sure what we've been anticipating
Juliana Luna, Dancer 3. MAC Opulash Optimum Mascara, $15, nordstrom.com Photo/Art
5 Serums We're Using To Fight Aging, Dryness, Dark Spots And All That Ails Us A good serum will get you far. While they seem complicated, unnecessary and fussy, they're really not. Serums pack in way
Ikat-Inspired DIY Nail Art Photos
Andre Leon Talley, Melissa McCarthy Chat 'Super Size' Style (VIDEO) Either way, his stumbling highlights an issue spanning the fashion industry and beyond
Style Swap In a new Stylelist column, we're switching up our style to see what happens when we transform our look into something outside
Rose Byrne SAG Awards 2012 Jumpsuit Covered from top to bottom with sequins and crystal embellishments, the Elie Saab suit was a bold choice but fulfilled every
A Conversation With BCBG and Herve Leger's Lubov Azria Though Max Azria is the name that has long been associated with BCBG Max Azria and Herve Leger, credit must be given to his wife, Lubov, as well, the chief creative officer of the BCBG Max Azria Group -- the woman who gives the collections their feminine touch.
SAG Awards Red Carpet! 2012 Looks & Color Trends I guess it really is a Brad, Brad World... oh my! So, what did last night's red carpet say? First and foremost, it said we are indeed a sexy bunch. And our tastes in color are all over the map!
SAG Awards 2012 Best-Dressed The 18th annual Screen Actors Guild Awards went down on Sunday and thankfully, the fashion didn't bore us to tears. Actresses
Freida Pinto's Preppy Style Fame WHAT
SAG Awards 2012 Red Carpet While the Golden Globes glow has faded and the Academy Awards are still in the offing, we've got SAG Awards fashion to fill
SAG Awards Worst-Dressed 2012 We've warned you before
Kylie, Kendall Jenner Cover Teen Vogue March 2012 Issue (PHOTOS) She lands a Teen Vogue cover, of course. Although it's no Vogue or W (that's reserved for the Fanning sisters), Teen Vogue
Kendall And Kylie Grace Teen Vogue, The Price Of  Red Carpet Dressing And More Tilda Swinton likens her approach to dressing to a certain Disney princess. \It's like the Cinderella complex,\ she says
Berenice Bejo's Two Beauty Looks BEAUTY RELATED LINKS YOU MAY LOVE
Schick Launches Hydro Silk Razor From BellaSugar
FGI Rising Star Awards Who are fashion's next big stars? Fashion Group International named them at FGI's Rising Star Awards ceremony at the Cipriani
Oprah Winfrey Style Evolution (PHOTOS) From Huffington Post Black Voices
Miranda Kerr's Edgy Airport Style Getty Images For more look of the day photos, click through the slideshow below. WHERE
Ali MacGraw's Chrocheted Cap At The Academy Awards, 1971 \A Look Back\ is a daily column that highlights a moment from fashion's fabulous past. Today's pick is of Ali MacGraw attending
Fox Fur Merkins Will Switch To Faux Fur, Cindy Barshop Announces Clever. While initially Barshop defended her fur accessories, saying \I don't believe in cruelty to animals and I don't eat
Jennifer Aniston Wows At Directors Guild Of America Awards (PHOTOS) Meanwhile Michelle Williams, who is gearing up for Oscar night after her Golden Globes Best Actress win, went dark and formal
Celine Dion Suffers Wardrobe Malfunction In Jamaica See Celine's Jamaica Jazz and Blues Festival outfits at DailyMail.co.uk. Whoops. Luckily Celine's confidence wasn't shaken
Icon of the Day While Woody focuses on the idea that every generation thinks the previous generation was simpler, Ms. Stern focuses on something less debatable
Camila Alves' Style Evolution (PHOTOS) Camila Alves' style is proof that you don't have to wear a mini-skirt to be sexy. Instead of flashing her gams, Alves often
This Blazer Was The Find Of The Century From De Lune
1 Girl, 4 Looks From Refinery29
Caroline Sieber And Lauren Santo Domingo In Louis Vuitton WHAT
Cheryl Tiegs In A Sauna \A Look Back\ is a daily column that highlights a moment from fashion's fabulous past. Today's pick is of American model
