Saoirse Ronan's Stunning Style Evolution Through The Years The \Lady Bird\ star has been killing it on the red carpet these days.
Glossier Just Dropped Its First-Ever Solution To Acne-Prone Skin Consider this your solution.
More Models Come Forward To Accuse Bruce Weber of Sexual Misconduct Some of the alleged incidents occurred more than three decades ago.
Here's Your 10-Piece Winter Capsule Wardrobe Checklist It's all about those layers.
18 Valentine's Day Gifts For Him That Aren't Ridiculously Cheesy You don\u2019t have to get him something lovey-dovey.
Designer Thom Browne Explains Why He Would Dress Melania Trump Browne also worked with former first lady Michelle Obama.
So THAT\u2019S Why We Look So Different In Selfies vs. The Mirror It's a combination of psychology and technology.
9 Cruelty-Free Coats For Men That Are Surprisingly Warm Who says fur is the only way to stay warm?
Georgina Chapman, Harvey Weinstein's Estranged Wife, Moves Fashion Line Forward The Marchesa designer and her partner just released 38 new looks.
All The Best Red Carpet Looks From The 2018 Critics' Choice Awards Who was your favorite?
Queen Elizabeth Says Wearing A Crown Has One Significant Downside If you look down while wearing it, she said, \your neck would break.\
9 Essentials You Need To Start Running Outdoors In The Winter The best winter running gear to keep you on pace \ud83c\udfc3
11 Things We're Obsessed With This Week, Besides Warmer Weather New year, new obsessions.
6 Winter Skin Care Tips From Dermatologists Crank down the heat on that shower, buddy.
The Best Cure For Dry Hands Is This $10 Cream Your Grandma Probably Buys Don't judge a lotion by its bottle.
People Are Pissed About One Of Emily Ratajkowski's Latest Instagram Posts The model and actress has since deleted the offending portion of her caption.
12 Cruelty-Free Coats That'll Keep You Warm Without Down And Fur Faux for the win.
8 Brands That Can Turn Your Beauty Routine Into Activism Take a note from Olivia Wilde.
Serena Williams Covers Vogue With Her Baby Girl, Alexis Olympia Her daughter is the youngest Vogue cover star ever.
17 Weather-Ready Snow Boots That Aren't Ugly No Moon Boots here.
Prince Harry Reacts Hilariously To DJ Who Slips Him Business Card \u201cDJ at your wedding, DJ at your wedding!\u201d
Prince Harry And Meghan Markle Make First Public Appearance Of 2018 The pair was all smiles at a youth radio station in South London.
12 Commute-Worthy Leather Backpacks Under $200 Commute in style \ud83d\udcbc
Princess Charlotte Looks Adorable In Pictures From Her First Day Of School Her mother, the Duchess of Cambridge, took the sweet photos.
The Fear Of Hair Is A Real Thing, Explaining Why Your Drain Is Such A Nightmare Try not to gag.
This Is What The Golden Globes Looked Like In 1998 Our hearts still go on for Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet.
How To Get Your Engagement Ring Properly Insured Determine the type of coverage you actually need
Why I Regret Plucking My Unibrow To Get Modeling Jobs Why didn\u2019t I just embrace it?
Why Olivia Wilde Says Her Skincare Routine 'Is A Political Act' \I'm all about supporting the good amidst the shitstorm of bad.\
Goop Pushes An At-Home Coffee Enema Kit In Its Latest Beauty Guide So, is Gwyneth full of s**t or not?
15 Nail Art Videos That Are Ridiculously Mesmerizing #Nailporn at its finest.
9 Of The Best Cleansing Oils For Glowing Skin Hint
Carrie Underwood's Style Through The Years, In Photos She's gone from \American Idol\ winner to bona fide country music star.
15 Excellent British Clothing Brands That Ship To The US If you\u2019re bored with your regular ol\u2019 American clothing\u00a0destinations like Everlane, Nordstrom or Forever 21, mix up your
10 Winter Hats For Natural Hair That'll Protect Your Beautiful Curls No more flattened curls \ud83d\ude45
15 Stylish Winter Travel Outfits For Your Next Cold-Weather Trip It's all about those layers.
Claire\u2019s Pulls Makeup After Mom Finds Asbestos In 6-Year-Old\u2019s Kit \u201cYou just assume that a children's product would be safe.\u201d
12 Style And Fashion Trends On Our Radar In 2018 Pull out your old Tommy Jeans t-shirt.
Prince Harry Opens Up About His 'Fantastic' Christmas With Meghan Markle He also hinted about inviting former President Barack Obama to his wedding.
18 Post-Holiday Sales On Clothes, Shoes, Accessories And More Now's the time to shop for you.
6 Ways To Get Rid Of Blackheads And Prevent Them From Coming Back Whatever you do, DON'T pick at them with your fingers.
So That's Why A Ball Drops In Times Square On New Year's Do you know what a time ball is?
Here's How Meghan Markle Gets Her Signature Hairstyle It's all about the blowout.
Secrets Of A Professional Present Purchaser For ultimate impact, make sure to give before the holiday.
Model Lauren Wasser Lost 1 Leg To Toxic Shock Syndrome And Will 'Inevitably' Lose The Other \My legs were everything.\
The Throwback Fashion Trend You\u2019ll See Everywhere In 2018 And the next resurged trend that\u2019s set to make a statement for the coming year? Bracelet watches.
16 Last-Minute Gifts People Are Buying On Amazon This Week Find out what purchases people are making in the final stretch to Christmas \ud83c\udf81
Prince William Actually Galloped Like A Horse On TV And The Crowd Loved It Kate Middleton got a kick out of it, too.
Ring In 2018 With These New Year's Eve Dresses Under $100 \ud83c\udf7e\ud83e\udd42\ud83c\udf86
Kate Upton Proves Playing Tennis In Heels And A Bathing Suit Is Totally Possible \The beginning and end of my tennis career.\
Jimmy Kimmel Accuses Clothing Company Of 'Stealing Ideas' From His Daughter The brand, Reformation, said it \would never replicate or appropriate the work of a young artist.\
I'm A Heavily Tattooed Woman, But I'm Still Entitled To My Personal Space \u201cI just wanted a better look!\u201d It was 5:30 p.m. on a humid July evening, and I\u2019d just wordlessly yanked my heavily\u00a0tattooed
Demi Lovato Proves Denim Chaps Can Be Red Carpet Worthy She's out here lookin' like revenge.
Here's What Actually Happens To The Money In Wishing Wells The coins have to go somewhere eventually.
7 Things For People Who Are Always, Always Cold Oh and one thing for pets, too.
Christina Aguilera Skips A Shirt Under Her Suit For Holiday Party Naughty > nice \ud83c\udf84
These Last-Minute Gifts On Amazon Will Satisfy Anyone On Your Shopping List And they'll arrive just in time.
William And Kate's Christmas Card Is All About Prince George And Princess Charlotte So cute!
We Can't Wait To Hear This Interview Between Prince Harry And Obama The royal interviewed the former president for a post-Christmas guest segment on BBC Radio 4.
15 Blanket Scarves That Feel Like You Never Left Your Bed Blanket-scarf weather is upon us once again.
Meghan Markle's Jeweler Is Making Sure Her Engagement Ring Stays One Of A Kind Ain\u2019t nothing like the real thing, baby.
Prince Harry And Meghan Markle's Wedding Date Is Already Creating Problems A royal pain, indeed.
Prince Harry And Meghan Markle Announce Their Wedding Date The couple got engaged last month.
Holiday Beauty Looks For Every Party On Your Calendar We're obsessed with basically all of these.
Prince Harry And Meghan Markle Serious About Having Religious Wedding, Church Leader Says The couple has decided to get married in a church -- something the archbishop of Canterbury says they didn't take lightly.
Meghan Markle Will Join The Royal Family For Christmas This Year It's all happening!
How Christmas Lights Became Such An Inescapable Thing Their joyful glow is much safer than the lights' origin.
The Sweet Ways Billie Lourd Honored Carrie Fisher At The 'Star Wars' Premiere Who's cutting onions?
The Most Outrageous Celebrity Style Moments Of 2017 Go big or go home, right?
17 Jackets Like Canada Goose That Are Way More Affordable And they're all $350 and under.
Rihanna's Gucci Socks Are Jaw-Droppingly Expensive Our bank account can't handle this.
15 Chic Little Black Dresses For Under $100 Just in time for those holiday parties.
Second Model Accuses Photographer Bruce Weber Of Sexual Harassment This is just the latest in a long history of alleged abuse in the fashion industry.
Sorry, You Can't Just Blame Your Mother's Father For Your Thinning Hair Experts explain the truth about a common hair myth.
15 Ugly Holiday Sweaters You\u2019ll Actually Kinda Love Leave those little black dresses and sparkly sheaths at home.
Selena Gomez Wore 4 Head-Turning Outfits In Just One Day We can't keep up!
The Worst Beauty Trends Of 2017 Bye-bye, glitter butts.
13 Women's Puffer Jackets That Don't Add Bulk The non-puffy puffer coat does exist.
The Worst Beauty Trends Of 2017 Bye-bye, glitter butts.
Prince Harry, Meghan Markle Meet Their Adoring Fans For The First Time Since Their Engagement They marked their first joint outing with visit to a World Aids Day charity fair.
This Throwback Hair Trend Is Huge On Pinterest Right Now According to Pinterest \u2014 and Kendall Jenner \u2014 hair accessories like headbands and barrettes are en vogue once again.
23 Holiday Party Looks That Aren't Dresses Take the dress out of dressing up.
Victoria's Secret Models Caught On Video Singing Cardi B Lyric With N-Word The clip comes from Karlie Kloss' behind-the-scenes video  of the lingerie brand's Shanghai fashion show.
Lady Gaga Won't Get Sand Kicked In Her Face In This Outfit \Call me Princess Peach.\
The Best Beauty Trends And Fads Of 2017 Cher hair and jade rollers and buzz cuts, oh my!
Missed Black Friday? These 25 Sales Are Still A Good Deal These sales are still going strong.
Velvet Holiday Party Dresses That'll Have You Covered For Party Season Shine bright at your next holiday occasion \u2728
6 Ways To Pull Off The Metallic Makeup Trend We\u2019re Seeing Everywhere Yes, you too can wear gunmetal
37 Of The Best Cyber Monday Deals On Fashion, Tech, Home And More It's treat yo'self Monday.
All Of The Best 2017 Cyber Monday Clothing And Accessories Deals Cyber Monday deals you'll actually want to shop.
Prince Harry And Meghan Markle Are Engaged Harry proposed earlier this month.
Prince Harry And Meghan Markle's First Photos As An Engaged Couple Are Here That RING. \ud83d\udc8d
Gap And Old Navy Have Winter Clothes Half Off Right Now Stock up on a whole new winter wardrobe for under $100.
11 Things We're Obsessed With This Week, Besides Preparing For Black Friday If you\u2019re planning to do most of your Black Friday shopping from the comfort of your bed in your favorite PJs, you\u2019re in
Black Friday Subscription Box Deals That'll Make Gifting A Cinch There's a subscription box for that.
Viral Tweet Compares Love To The Feeling You Get When You Realize Your Dress Has Pockets This post was originally published on Yahoo Lifestyle. Read more from Yahoo Lifestyle
Why Is It So Satisfying To Watch People Remove Peel-Off Masks? Seriously, what's the deal?
Rihanna Is A Triple Threat On 3 Different Covers Of Vogue Paris Put her on EVERY magazine cover.
How The Date For Thanksgiving Was Decided It took a few famous presidents to finally settle on this date.
All The Looks Worth Seeing From The 2017 American Music Awards Red Carpet Selena Gomez debuted her new blond hair.
Did You Ever Notice This About The Clothes You Grew Up Wearing? Even the adults who gravitate toward all-gray everything when shopping for kids may not realize they\u2019ve been raised with gendered perceptions of food.
The Most Jaw-Dropping Looks From The 2017 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show The Angels have landed.
How Adding Bright Colors To Your Wardrobe Can Help You Beat The Winter Blues Embrace the rainbow.
Fashion Designer Azzedine Alaia, The 'King Of Cling,' Dead At 77 The Tunisian-born fashion designer dressed stars from Greta Garbo to Grace Jones and Lady Gaga.
Impressive Black Friday Beauty Deals On Bobbi Brown, Nars And More Black Friday 2017 will have you looking your best \ud83d\udc85
The Anti-Victoria's Secret Runway Show Proves All Women Can Be Angels And\u00a0celebrating relatable people\u00a0is exactly what they did. Through family, friends, and social media, the pair got in touch
The Best Sheet Masks To Give Everyone On Your Gift List Bonus
Controversial Photo-Editing App Under Fire For Makeup Removal Feature The app's creator said his product was not intended to be misogynistic.
Curvy Model Who's Had A 'Roller Coaster Relationship' With Her Belly Rolls Now Embraces Them In The Punniest Way For anyone who\u2019s ever struggled to stay positive, there\u2019s now a catchy song to remind you how to self-love. Khrystyana, a
Seth Rogen Used His Wife's Makeup For A Movie Premiere And Looked Great \You're not the first man to nick his wife\u2019s concealer.\
Gigi Hadid Almost Totally Wiped Out In Her Couture Gown Gigi Hadid\u2019s\u00a0career might be based on strutting her stuff, but that doesn\u2019t mean she doesn\u2019t take tumbles like everyone else
Student's Dress Code Violation Yahoo Lifestyle has reached out to the school for comment, and will update this story with any new information. But for people
'Justice League' Appears To Make Costumes Sexier For Amazons There\u2019s been a bit of a sea change in the Themyscira fashion scene \u2014 just in time for the \u201cJustice League\u201d movie \u2014 and people
Serena Williams Makes Her First Post-Baby Appearance On The Red Carpet The tennis icon looked stunning.
Rita Ora Actually Wore A Bathrobe And Heels On The MTV EMAs Red Carpet She paired the look with $7.8 million dollars worth of jewels.
Kristen Stewart's Mullet With Frosted Tips Is Quite The Look So edgy.
Demi Lovato Skips A Shirt Underneath Her Suit At The MTV EMAs This look is \ud83d\udd25 \ud83d\udd25 \ud83d\udd25.
J.Crew Responds To Critics Calling The Brand Out For Irresponsibly Styling Natural Hair Read more from Yahoo Lifestyle
This Bride Wore A Really 'Embarrassing' And 'Stupid' Outfit To Pull An Epic Prank On Her Groom \u201c[But] I am willing to replace them with another pair of large casual sweats to wear for the remainder of our happy marriage
Unlike Other Celebs, Bella Hadid Wears Her Fanny Pack The RIGHT Way Thank goodness.
It Only Took 56 Years, But Now You Can Actually Have Breakfast At Tiffany's The famed jewelry store will open a cafe on Friday.
A Magazine Edited Lupita Nyong'o's Hair And She Is Not Pleased \My dark skin and kinky, coily hair are beautiful, too.\
Bella And Gigi Hadid's Model Cousin Is A Body Positive Badass Surprise!
ASOS and GLAAD Paired Up To Create A Gender-Fluid Clothing Line All proceeds from the collection go directly to GLAAD.
Here's Every Look Worth Seeing From The CMA Awards Red Carpet Everyone looked great. Everyone.
These Backseat Taxi Photos Are An Incredible Fashion Time Capsule Too. Cool.
Um, Drake Has Been Collecting Birkin Bags For His Future Wife \This may be the most Drake thing I've ever read.\
Obama Reports For Jury Duty Looking Sharper Than Ever Oh, how we miss him. \u2764\ufe0f
11 Things We're Obsessed With This Week, Besides Finding The Perfect Winter Coat No. 6 = \ud83d\ude0d
Sharon Schweitzer\u2019s 2017 Holiday Tipping Guide & Checklist On December 26th, there\u2019s Boxing Day in Canada, a holiday that many Canadians use to tip those who make their lives easier
21 Affordable Holiday Gifts That Look Really Expensive Our idea of luxury won't break the bank.
Tiffany's Is Trolling Everyone With 'Everyday Objects' That Cost A Fortune \That paperclip better be able to keep my life together.\
Fishnets Are Back, Baby, And Here\u2019s How To Wear Them (Like An Adult, In Daylight) To help you work them into your rotation, here are seven surprisingly wearable iterations on the trend.
The Duchess Of Cambridge's Black Lace Dress Is Clearly Part Of A Pattern Talk about playing favorites.
All The Outfits You Need To See From The CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund Awards Three words
Moschino's $736 'Dry Cleaning Bag' Dress Is Totally Sheer And Totally Cheeky WOW. \ud83d\udc40
12 Items Of Heated Clothing For The Person Who's Always Cold Time to stock up!
This Story About Winona Ryder Getting Beat Up For Wearing Boy's Clothes Is Going Viral A story about\u00a0Winona Ryder\u2019s experience with\u00a0bullies\u00a0as a preteen has surfaced, and it\u2019s badass. In the now viral anecdote
Here's The Deal With Those Sparkly $10,000 Boots You're Seeing Everywhere They're a sight to behold. \ud83d\udc40
Here's Why Kim Kardashian Didn't Realize Her Makeup Brushes Look Like Dildos \See I usually see, like, darker colors.\
Shopping For Plus-Size Formalwear Is About To Become Less Of A Nightmare \It\u2019s to the point where I don\u2019t really attend holiday parties because I\u2019ve become so accustomed to not being able to find anything to wear.\
Nordstrom Just Low-Key Dropped A Huge Fall Sale A sale this nice should be shopped twice \ud83d\udc6f
There Is A Choir That Dresses Up And Sings Like Duchess Kate And it's royally amazing.
Naomi Campbell Wears A One-Legged Jumpsuit To Confuse Us All There's a LOT going on.
Justin Trudeau Dressed As Clark Kent For Halloween And It Was Super, Man \I want to marry him but my husband would get mad.\
Whoopi Goldberg Explains Why Saying 'Happy Holidays' Is Better Than 'Merry Christmas' Trump isn't going to like this.
Pimple Nail Art Make it stop. Keep it going.
The Best Place To Buy Designer Fall Clothes On Sale This secret sale only lasts until Nov. 2.
This Man Who Can't See Past His Girlfriend's Weight Needs To Take Several Seats Come. On.
Don't Freak Out If You're Shedding More Hair Than Usual Right Now You're not alone.
Dior Chooses 25-Year-Old Cara Delevingne As The Face Of Its Anti-Aging Products Excuse us?
Kate Middleton Wears Nikes And Sweatpants For Tennis Outing The duchess gets down to earth.
Most Men Are Clueless About How To Dress Up, Says New Survey Numbers don't lie.
Yes, This Is Alexander Skarsg\u00e5rd's Actual New Haircut Haters will say it's Photoshop.
'Root Beer' Hair Is The Most Flattering Brunette Color Of The Season Suffice it to say, this isn't your basic brown.
Are You Brushing Your Hair All Wrong? Make that brush work for you \u2014 not against you.
11 Things We're Obsessed With This Week, Besides Dodging Pennywise Look-Alikes Witch better have my candy.
Every Red Carpet Should Look Like The InStyle Awards Red Carpet So much color! So much sparkle! So much style!
4 Surprising Ways To Make Your Concealer Last All Day 1. Less is more
17 Last-Minute Halloween Costumes That'll Arrive By The Weekend Make that Amazon Prime two-day shipping work for you.
This Is The Trendiest Nail Polish Color For Fall We know what you\u2019re thinking
Glossier Just Dropped Its First-Ever Fragrance, Aptly Called Glossier You \Please be advised that the formula comes incomplete; you are the first ingredient.\
3 Fool-Proof Halloween Makeup Ideas For Your Last-Minute Costume If you can apply mascara, you can get these looks.
This Trick For Cleaning Sneakers Gets Mind-Blowing Results If clean sneakers are what you're into, that is.
Tommy Hilfiger's New Line Is Made Specifically For Adults With Disabilities \Inclusivity and the democratization of fashion have always been at the core of my brand's DNA.\
Rihanna's Plastic Heels Will Make You Sweat Just Looking At Them These are WILD.
Everything You Ever Wanted To Know About Getting Rid Of Stretch Marks Doctors weigh in.
Carrie's Spending Behavior Caused 'Sex and the City' Writers' Biggest Fight \People are funny about money.\
The Politics Of Your Clothes by Calin Brown Designers are renowned for their bold political statements \u2013 from Tommy Hilfiger\u2019s use of white bandanas on
11 Things We're Obsessed With This Week, Besides Finding The Perfect Halloween Costume Trick or treat yo'self.
Beyonc\u00e9's Money Roll Clutch Is Totally Badass It was made with over 10,000 Austrian crystals, natch.
6 Genius Ways To Save Money At Sephora 6. Never ever forget about the free samples
Laura Kepner-Adney T-shirts and pencil skirts reign supreme for this Tucsonan.
How To Wash All Your (Secretly Disgusting) Scarves We like to fancy ourselves ladies with proper hygiene. But there are inevitably a few wardrobe pieces that somehow miss the cleaning schedule.
This Was Fashion's Most Diverse Season Yet Of course, there's still plenty of work to be done.
Rent The Runway's New $89 Subscription Service Wants To Solve Small Closet Storage What will you do with all of your free closet place? That\u2019s what catwalk-to-closet fashion tech startup Rent The Runway is
Where To Buy Plus Size Halloween Costumes Imagination has no size limits.
Janelle Reeves Find out how this blogger draws inspiration from her stylish community.
Weinstein Scandal Inspires Models To Share Stories Of Abuse In Their Industry \The photographer asked me to suck [his] d...\
Beyonce's Out There Making Corset Pants Happen Pretty Hurts, right?
23 Ways To Wear Patent Leather This Fall Dressed up with chunky heels and a blouse, or down with a hoodie or T-shirt, the nostalgic fabric can inject some excitement into your spring looks.
4 Ways To Wear Corduroy, The Fashion Comeback Of The Year Styled the right way \u2014 whether that\u2019s with bold colors, sharp cuts, or an oversized fit \u2014 it can be as contemporary as you like.
Reformation Just Launched A Line Of Sustainable Denim The battle for sustainable denim is on \ud83d\udc56
A Look Back At Eminem's Image Over The Years Lose Yourself in this walk down memory lane.
Blake Lively Rocked A Delightful Fake Lob And You Can, Too It's actually pretty easy to achieve.
Adidas Model Says She Received Rape Threats For Showing Leg Hair Do better, internet.
Tracee Ellis Ross Just Waxed A Body Part Experts Say Is A No-No This looked PAINFUL.
Debi Nemetz Four words
Diandra Forrest Is The First Model With Albinism To Star In A Major Beauty Campaign It's about time.
11 Things We're Obsessed With This Week, Besides Friday The 13th Eat, drink and be scary \ud83d\udc7b
Here's How Rihanna Dresses For A Casual Tuesday Wild, wild, wild.
25 Halloween Costumes For Men With Beards Don't shave costume planning for the last minute.
The Brilliantly Easy Way To Fix Clumpy Nail Polish Don\u2019t toss that bottle just yet.
The Harvey Weinstein Scandal Could Take Down A Fashion Label His designer wife is facing blowback for his sins.
These 14 Purchases Also Support Breast Cancer Awareness Month These brands will donate a portion of your purchase to breast cancer research and awareness.
Why The 'Sexy Melania' Halloween Costume Is Especially Unsettling As if reality isn't bad enough already.
Grace Kelly's Granddaughter Is Her Spitting Image A little DNA goes a long way.
Lauren Hutton Covers Vogue Italia's 'Timeless' Issue At Age 73 \This is the most important [cover] I have ever done.\
Amazon Is Under Fire For Sale Of Offensive Pro-Anorexia Sweatshirt \It's absolutely disgraceful and irresponsible.\
11 Things We're Obsessed With This Week, Besides National Taco Day Finds we can't help but taco 'bout.
Shag Haircuts Are For Everyone, but Here Are 7 Celebs Rocking The Look Chop chop.
Makeup Hacks And Tips Everyone Should Know So many hacks, so little time.
Kemora Williams This pre-K teacher can school you in the art of dressing well.
Remembering Tom Petty Through The Years In Photos Heartbreaking.
This Self-Tanner Fail Has 'Adidas' Written All Over It Don't let it happen to you.
Jane Fonda And Helen Mirren Stole The Show At Paris Fashion Week These two nailed it on the runway.
Vivienne Westwood Says The Secret To Staying Young Is Rarely Bathing Hmm...
Kim Kardashian Is Trying To Bring Scrunchies Back Get ready.
Under New French Law, Retouched Photos Of Models Must Bear Warning Label The new rule took effect just days after Getty Images, the world's largest provider of stock photos, announced a ban on doctored images.
Prince Harry Hanging With Obama And Biden At Invictus Games Will Warm Your Heart Swoon.
Bryan A. McCoy No corny T-shirts, please.
Beyonc\u00e9 Was Red-Hot Retro At The Bruno Mars Concert In New York City \ud83d\udd25 \ud83d\udd25 \ud83d\udd25
CoverGirl's Newest Face Is 69-Year-Old Maye Musk YES.
11 Things We're Obsessed With This Week, Besides National Coffee Day Caffeine obsessives, take note.
Dior Makes Another Feminist Fashion Statement On The Runway Prepare to see this everywhere.
Casual Is King, Says These 5 Beauty Trends From New York Fashion Week While most variations of the cat eye end in a perfect point, Jason Wu experimented with a thick, rounded wing.
The Best Rent The Runway Dresses For Bridesmaids You\u2019d think red lace and a plunging neck would be too much together, but somehow it\u2019s so (so) right.
Why Hillary Clinton Was 'Shocked' Over Her Campaign Beauty Routine \u201cI\u2019ve never gotten used to how much effort it takes just to be a woman in the public eye.\
The Best Shopping In Detroit Is Filled With Detroit Pride Hand-crafted coolness.
Spanx 'Arm Tights' Are The Newest Way Women Can Feel Bad About Their Bodies What. Is. Happening.
Prince Harry Meets With Wounded Veterans Ahead Of The Invictus Games This year the vets compete in Toronto in 12 sports.
It's 2017 We\u2019ve replaced our push-ups with bralettes and our stilettos with sneakers, and yet, the corset has returned.
11 Brands To Shop For Fall Clothing Cuddle up with these cozy brands.
18 Halloween Costume Ideas For People Who Wear Glasses Make a spectacle of yourself this Halloween \ud83d\udc53
Justin Trudeau Wore Chewbacca Socks To A Global Business Forum, Of Course \Why can't we have nice things like Canada?\
Hot Pink Is Extra Hot Right Now. Here's Proof. Rihanna and Hillary Clinton wouldn't steer you wrong.
Gwyneth Paltrow's Goop Is Selling Literal 'Vampire Repellent' Now But it's not what you're thinking.
Chalayan's Fashion Week Show Included Swarovski-Encrusted Headgear What is going on here?
This Faceless Makeup Illusion Will Haunt Your Dreams Truly, utterly terrifying.
7 Trends From New York Fashion Week You Can Wear Tomorrow Whether it\u2019s a velvet smoking jacket or a plaid shoulder-padded number, roomy menswear blazers are about to be your go-to topper.
Laverne Cox Ruled The 2017 Emmys After-Party Looks She wowed in a long lace gown.
Everything About Britney Spears' At-Home Fashion Week Is Perfect Including the Tracy Chapman soundtrack.
All The Best Looks From The Emmys Red Carpet We can't tell a \Big Little Lie,\ everyone looks great.
Ryan Phillippe Shares His Love For Women's Leggings From CVS \u201cXXL ladies leggings from CVS \u2013 birthday gift to myself (mad comfortable too).\
All The Most Incredible Looks From Rihanna's Diamond Ball One of these dresses is HUGE.
Kim Kardashian Used Orchids To Promote Her New Gardenia Fragrance Oops.
What Are Skin Softeners And Should You Be Using Them? If you're looking for extremely soft skin and something to step up your skin-care game, then skin softeners are a great place to start.
Why Aren\u2019t There More Pregnant Models On The Runway? How\u2019s that for body diversity?
Let's Stop Complaining About Trump's Black-And-Blue Suit, For A Few Reasons Fashion has changed, but it's not even about that.
Candice Bergen Wore A 'Free Melania' Sweater On 'Watch What Happens Live' She and her sweater speak from experience.
Become A Member Of The Trump Family With These DIY Halloween Costumes It's a lot easier than you'd think.
A Salute To Edie Windsor's Signature Style The activist and icon had an unforgettable look.
Massive Bath Robe On The Runway Takes The Pajama Trend To New Heights And lengths.
Sara Saxon \Not only do you have the classic Southern Belle style, but there's also a trendier, edgier side.\
Mindy Kaling Has Already Developed Her Own Signature Pregnancy Style She's glowing AND sparkling.
This Is What Happens When You Search 'Pumpkin Spice' On Nordstrom \So what if you like pumpkin spice lattes, kale and certain impossibly comfy winter boots.\ \ud83c\udf41\ud83c\udf42
Watch Gigi Hadid Walk The Runway In Just One Shoe She got by with a little help from her sister.
Hope Hicks, New White House Communications Director, Used To Be A Child Book Cover Model Her path to the White House has been paved with paperbacks.
Miss North Dakota Cara Mund Is Crowned State's First-Ever Miss America The Brown University graduate said  the U.S. withdrawal from the Paris climate accord was a bad decision.
Selena Gomez Looks Sheer-iously Grown Up In This Dress The former Disney star has gone Old Hollywood.
This Wild Hair Dryer Will Make Your Blowouts Go Way Faster Can hair-dly wait to try it.
Keniece Walker Thrift stores and Forever 21 reign supreme for this stylist.
Leslie Jones Just Couldn't Contain Herself During New York Fashion Week \u201cCan #LeslieJones PLEASE be my hype woman at every fashion show and shoot?!\
The Reason Zayn Malik Shaved His Head Is Actually Pretty Common \The bleach affects your hair, doesn\u2019t it? So you\u2019ve got to shave it off.\
Martha Stewart Is Selling Jeans on QVC, And They Are 'So Fancy' Well, this is something.
These Pics Of Cindy Crawford's Daughter, Kaia Gerber, Will Give You D\u00e9j\u00e0 Vu She got it from her mama.
Rihanna Doesn't Care About Dark Circles, And Neither Should You \I'm not like, lying to myself, and I'm not feeling bad about that either.\
Julianne Moore Has The Most Refreshing Take On Aging These photos are \ud83d\udd25 , and so are her comments.
'We Should All Be Mirandas' Is The Feminist 'SATC' Mantra We Deserve We couldn't help but wonder how we've lived without this T-shirt for so long.
Pregnant Mindy Kaling Looks Super Cute In A Little Black Dress You can never go wrong with an LBD, right?
Duchess Of Cambridge Pregnant With Third Child Kensington Palace announced the news on Twitter.
6 Of The Best Stores To Shop In St. Louis, Missouri It's a vintage lover's paradise.
Rihanna Has Twitter Freaking Out Over Her Beauty Line Launch Fenty Beauty will celebrate diversity, and it's coming out on Sept. 8.
Squiggle Eyebrows Are A Thing Now, And The Internet Is Confused \Eyebrows are deeply important to me, and this squiggle brow trend is causing me much psychological distress.\
Aerie Launches Nude Lingerie Sets For 5 Different Skin Tones Because nude is not one tone fits all.
Rafael Nadal Justifies Why His Shorts Have Been Getting Shorter Lately The 31-year-old is making some adjustments.
Please Welcome Britney Spears Into The 'No Makeup Monday' Club Get it, girl.
This Woman Gave Cellulite A Perfect Nickname \It has become so utterly unacceptable to have a normal human female body that the thought of other people seeing our normalness or humanness is mortifying.\
Someone Named Chanel West Coast Looked Just Like Fergie At The VMAs G-L-A-M-O-R-O-U-S.
Asahd Khaled In A Custom Gucci Suit Is Too Cute For Words The 10-month old is better dressed than all of us.
The 2017 VMAs Red Carpet Was As Outrageous As Ever Check out all the looks from the red (er, blue) carpet.
11 Things We're Obsessed With This Week, Besides The Eclipse \ud83c\udf15\ud83c\udf16\ud83c\udf17\ud83c\udf18\ud83c\udf11\ud83c\udf12\ud83c\udf13\ud83c\udf14\ud83c\udf15
Malia Obama Arrived At Harvard And Oh Man, Kids Grow Up So Fast Can you believe it?
17 Ways To Make The Most Of What's Left Of Summer Take that, fall.
You've Never Seen Amal Clooney Like This Before Game, set, match.
Prince William Broke Seriously Important Protocol On A Recent Trip Another way the royals are living a more modern life.
Fight Hate And Help Charlottesville Victims With 'F**k Trump' Lipstick August proceeds will benefit victims of the violence in Charlottesville.
14 Resistance Purchases That Also Support The ACLU Purchase with purpose \u270a
Fashion And Wanderlust Collide In These Truly Breathtaking Photos BRB, buying a dress and booking a flight.
Dermstore Has Never-On-Sale Beauty Products For Under $100 Right Now High-end brands like Sunday Riley, Drunk Elephant and RMS Beauty are up to 25 percent off.
How To Get Rachel Lindsay's 30-Pound 'Bachelorette' Finale Gown For Less Options for everyone.
11 Things We're Obsessed With This Week, Besides Saving Money On Skincare #11 though \ud83d\ude0d
#BadPictureMonday Is The Hashtag We All Should Embrace Right Now Less filter, more human.
Hillary Clinton Is A Mid-Summer Wedding's Dream In Kitten Heels And A Caftan She's giving us the blues (in a good way).
Serena Williams Bares Her Baby Bump For Stunning Cover Of Stellar Magazine She opened up about becoming a mother.
Karlie Kloss Knows Exactly How To Pair A Purple Leather Skirt With A White Tee She nailed it.
Kourtney Kardashian's Super Chic Airport Outfit Is Actually H&M And we just added it to our shopping cart.
Little Girl's First Interaction With A Sanitary Pad Is A Thing Of Beauty She stumbles upon it while making a makeup tutorial video and doesn't quite know what to do with it.
The Algonquin Hotel's Cat Fashion Show Is Paw-sitively Purrfect MEOW!
6 Things That Always Go On Sale In August All the best summer merch is officially on sale.
How To Create The Perfect Back-To-Work Wardrobe Revitalize your work wardrobe while the back-to-school sales are hot \ud83d\udd25
Drew Barrymore's Salon Selfie Is Parenting At Its Cutest This is not your average mommy-and-me moment.
Misty Copeland Is Est\u00e9e Lauder's New Modern Muse This casting is on pointe.
Princess Charlene Just Wore The Ultimate Fancy Pants Does her shiny Versace look remind you of anyone?
Here Are National Lipstick Day Deals That Don't Involve Crazy Lines Pucker up!
Mindy Kaling's Pregnancy Style Kicks Off With A Little Black Dress Those sleeves!
This Beloved '90s Backpack Brand Is Back And We're, Like, Totally Into It The '90s are alive and well at Urban Outfitters.
These States' Beauty Laws Are Stranger Than Fiction In 2017, unless your marriage is seriously troubled, you probably don't consider whether your husband might divorce you over
Stop Envying Michelle Obama\u2019s Pink Summer Dress And Try One Of These We're here to help.
The Internet Hilariously Trolls Arcade Fire For Absurd Concert 'Dress Code' The band itself even got in a few jabs.
People Thought This Tote Bag Said 'Hitler' Thanks To An Unfortunate Font Choice Oops.
Rihanna's Low-Cut Red Gown Is A Wardrobe Malfunction Waiting To Happen \I want you to stay\ -- Rihanna, to her dress straps.
This Gorgeous Rainbow Body Art Is Further Proof That Stretch Marks Are Beautiful WOW.
Carrie Underwood Posts A Bikini Pic With An Important Message About Summer She shared some sweet advice.
This Petition For Macy's To Drop Ivanka Trump Is Blowing Up Fast (UPDATED) The petition cites the hypocrisy -- and dangers -- of her line being made outside the U.S.
Stop Buying Designer Crap, Start Giving To Charities Most designer brands want you to spend a lot of money on expensive crap. We\u2019re not even exaggerating. Big brands love taking
The 25 Best Women's Fashion Deals Of The Nordstrom Anniversary Sale Under $100 Shop now, because prices go up Aug. 7.
Gigi Hadid Rocks Gray Lipstick Like It's No Big Deal When you need to match your nails no matter what.
Blogger Praises K-Beauty While Calling Asians 'Ching Chongs' In 'Funny Clothes' \I am certainly not a racist,\ said the blogger who wrote that she didn't understand \the Ching Chongs.\
Even The Plastics Approve Of These New 'Mean Girls' Makeup Brushes They come inside a burn book! So fetch.
Jennifer Aniston Found The Pants Of Your Comfort-Loving Dreams Here's how to find similar ones for yourself.
Prince George And Princess Charlotte Reach New Levels Of Cute In Berlin Activities include smelling flowers and peeking through plane windows. \ud83d\ude0d
Rob Kardashian Somehow Found Time For A Sock Collaboration With Kylie Jenner We can't keep up.
Tyler Clinton, Nephew Of Hillary Clinton, Models For Town & Country We're suddenly feeling VERY patriotic.
John Cena Reveals His Daily Manscaping Routine, And It's A LOT To Handle We don't envy him.
Beyonc\u00e9's Iconic Post-Pregnancy Dress Is Unexpectedly From A Menswear Collection The designer speaks out.
Chrissy Teigen And John Legend Went All Out On Their Trip To Bali WOW.
The Best Back-To-School Backpacks That'll Last All Year Long School's out for summer -- but not for long! \ud83c\udf4e\ud83d\udcdd\ud83d\udc69\u200d\ud83c\udfeb
Prince George And Princess Charlotte Wear Color-Coordinated Outfits In Poland Oh, Will and Kate were there, too.
The Most Talked-About Suit At The ESPYs Sure Was Something \Conley dressed like a Nokia wallpaper option.\
The Best Places To Buy Plus-Size Jewelry On The Internet Yes, it exists. And yes, it's gorgeous.
This Very Realistic Avocado Bathing Suit Is Definitely Not The Pits It's sure to be a *smash* hit at the beach.
8 Beauty Tricks We Learned From The French Red lipstick is the ultimate (and most reliable) accessory because it instantly dresses up anything you wear it with.
Athleta Vows 'Meaningful' Change After Being Called Out For Showing Plus Clothes On Straight-Size Models It's a start.
Justin Trudeau Is King Of The Political Sock Game No More Ireland's prime minister Leo Varadkar upstaged his Canadian counterpart in the sock stakes during their first official meeting.
Kate Middleton Is Rocking A New Hairdo In Time For A Summer Trip The royal was spotted with a shorter, wavy style at Wimbledon.
Will, Harry And Kate Rededicate Princess Diana's Gravesite The service took place on what would have been her 56th birthday.
Activists Free On Bail After Being Arrested Investigating Ivanka Trump's Chinese Factories \She has set a bad example.\
This Dog Had A Dreamier Maternity Shoot Than Most Humans We're in (puppy) love.
Woman Enters Miss Universe Malaysia After Finding Beauty In Her Head-To-Toe Moles Meet your new self-love hero.
Move Over, Clooney \It's just genetic. There's nothing I can do.\
Prince Harry Admits He 'Wanted Out' Of The Royal Family He longed for an ordinary life.
Justin Trudeau's Socks Are On Point No world leader's socks have ever been so beloved.
What Is Fast-Fashion Actually Doing About Sustainability? By applying pressure and threatening to withdraw these contracts, these retailers are using their power and influence to try and change the situation.
Goop Deletes Yet Another Strange Health Claim After Getting Fact-Checked By NASA The site said energy-balancing body stickers were made from the same stuff as space suits.
Prabal Gurung Epically Shut Down A Critique Of His Plus-Size Line Hero.
This Pizza Bath Bomb Even Smells Like Pizza. Yes, Really. It's cheesy in the best way possible.
Halima Aden Is Allure's First Ever Hijab-Wearing Cover Model Yes to all of this.
Hillary Clinton's Date Night Involved Applause And A Statement Necklace And of course, a whole lot of girl power.
Let's Take A Minute To Praise Beyonc\u00e9's Epic Pregnancy Style \I look so good tonight\ - Beyonc\u00e9, in all of these photos.
Lena Dunham Debuts A Drastic New Haircut With The Best Caption Ever Spot on.
Prince George And Princess Charlotte Stole The Show At Trooping The Colour Are you surprised?
Dolce & Gabbana Takes On Melania Trump 'Haters' By Selling This $245 T-Shirt The ultimate troll move.
Pamela Anderson Looks So Pretty In Pale Pink That ruffled trim though \ud83d\ude4c
Rebel Wilson 'Crushed' Court Dress Along With Her Court Case All. The. Yes.
Diana Ross Wore White To A Wedding And It Was Totally Stunning Rules do not apply.
These Gorgeous Tony Awards Looks Deserve A Standing Ovation Hello, Dolly... err, Bette Middler.
Study Says Plus-Size Models Are Good For Our Mental Health Science!
This Is The Biggest Eye Makeup Trend Of Summer 2017 It surprisingly works on everyone.
Gal Gadot's Unbelievable Style Evolution Power, grace, wisdom, wonder and great style.
James Corden Roasts David Beckham For Matching Outfits With Posh Remember the infamous sarong? \ud83d\udc6f
Rachel McAdams Tops A Bevy Of Best-Dressed Stars Honoring Diane Keaton But everyone else looked pretty amazing, too.
Millie Bobby Brown Teaches Us How To Pull Off Clear-Knee Mom Jeans The \Stranger Things\ star has it down.
Why So Many Senators Wore Seersucker Today It's about time you learned about Seersucker Thursday.
All The Harry Potter Makeup You Need To Look As Good As Hermione Works like a charm \u2728
This Fitness Trainer Wrote A Letter To Her Butt Dimple And It's Perfect \I will no longer hide you.\
11 Important Goals You Should Reach For This Summer Protect your skin. You\u2019ll thank yourself in the years to come.
Stop What You're Doing And Look At Gabrielle Union's Epic Hair At The CFDAs Her Studio 54-inspired look was \ud83d\udcaf.
Selena Gomez Made 6 Outfit Changes In One Day And We're Exhausted Just Looking At Her So impressive. So stylish.
An American Beauty Brand Just Released A Line Of Nail Polish For Muslim Women ORLY's #HalalPaint claims to be water permeable and prayer-friendly.
Katy Perry Wore Photos Of Manchester Bombing Victims On Her Dress She delivered a powerful message of love to the roughly 50,000 attendees.
The Duchess Of Cambridge Can't Get Enough Of These Classic White Sneakers These are royally sporty.\ud83d\udc4c
Where Have All The Shopping Montages Gone? Shopping montages are dead because going shopping as a pastime is dead.
Polka Dot Eye Makeup Is Popping Up All Over Instagram We're living for the trend because dots are the easiest way to explore the world of crazy Instagram makeup.
Beyonc\u00e9's Most Iconic Beauty Moments Of All Time She's gone from homemade costumes by her mother Ms. Tina Knowles to Givenchy muse.
Woman\u2019s Powerful Bikini Instagram Shows The Value Of Self Confidence A little confidence can go a long way.
All The Photos Worth Seeing From Pippa Middleton's Wedding Including Princess Charlotte in a giant bow.
Pippa Middleton Wears A Classically Stunning Gown For Her Wedding Here comes the bride, all dressed in high-necked lace perfection.
Prince George And Princess Charlotte Steal The Show At Pippa Middleton's Wedding Are you surprised?
All The Proceeds From This $19 Lipstick Go To Planned Parenthood \u270a\ud83d\udc8b
Barack Obama's Leather Jacket Has Been Hiding In His Closet This Whole Time We should have known.
We've Been Pairing Our Ros\u00e9 With The Entirely Wrong Foods Don't think of it like it's white wine.
Beauty Legend Bobbi Brown On Why You Should Probably Throw Away Your Sunblock And Skip The Botox For W magazine, by Mia Adorante. After 21 years helming her eponymous label, Bobbi Brown is kicking off her next chapter
Got $20 Million? Use It To Move Next Door To The Queen Worth it, TBH.
These Cheeky Marc Jacobs Hats Let You Protest Donald Trump In Style Are you ready to \Make America Marc Again?\
The Go-To Looks At Cannes Are Thigh-High Slits And Lots Of Cleavage Bold and beautiful.
Perhaps Chanel Should Have Thought Twice About This Obscenely Priced Boomerang \Missed headline opportunity
Thomas Puttick's Australian Runway Show Featured 'Empowered' Women Proof that strength and beauty takes form at all ages.
Let's Bask In The Glory Of These Photos Of Queen Elizabeth II Driving A Car Warning
Rihanna Wore A Fur Coat Instead Of A Shirt, Because Of Course This is an interesting look.
Is There A 'Right Way' To Wash Your Hair? It's time to embrace our differences.
This Plunging Blue Number Is Amy Schumer's Best Look Ever Wowza.
Neiman Marcus Sells 'Destroyed' Designer Sneakers For $1,425 Make. It. Stop.
Scientists Think They've Found The Cause For Gray And Balding Hair Can we fast forward to the future?
Tiffany & Co. Has A Powerful Message For Donald Trump People are divided over the polarizing statement.
Even North West's Time Outs Are Hilariously Luxurious Like mother, like daughter.
We Do Not Deserve Michelle Obama In This One-Shoulder Gown She is a vision.
2 Women Are Turning Old Ivanka Trump Clothes Into Something You Can Feel Good About Resist. Reuse. Recycle.
Kim and Kanye's Clothing Line For Kids Looks Just As You Expected IT'S FINALLY HERE.
Beyonc\u00e9's $23 Maternity Shirt Might Be Her Most Affordable Look Ever No Gucci here!
16 Times Harry Styles Was The Best-Dressed Man Around He's a real prints charming.
Here's What You Need To Know About Duchess Kate's Topless Photo Lawsuit Five years later, it's finally happening.
Serena Williams Is A Vision Of Glamour In Dress With A Thigh-High Slit We \love all\ of this look \ud83c\udfbe
An Ikea Shopping Bag Hat Exists, No Assembly Required You can snag one for $38.
Jennifer Lopez Knocks Red Carpet Gown Out Of The Park At Billboard Latin Music Awards The dress she wore during the ceremony crushed it too.
Watch Out, Gwyneth Paltrow's Goop Is Becoming A Magazine Nothing makes sense anymore.
Amazon Sells A Robot That Judges How You Look, As if You Needed That Also, do you really trust a robot's fashion sense?
Dolce & Gabbana's New Shoe Is Under Fire For Its Upsetting Slogan \u201cI hope this will be followed by a message of inclusion of all bodies?\u201d
The Loophole That Might Allow People To Crash Pippa Middleton's Wedding Even without an invite.
U.K. Rejects Petition Protecting Women From Being Forced To Wear Heels At Work Bloody hell.
Pamela Anderson Continues To Stun In Her Ever-Evolving Make-Under She looked gorgeous, per usual.
Behold Casu Marzu, The One Cheese This Chemist Would NEVER Eat Would you try it?
Behold! The Unicorn Frappuccino Is Now A Hairstyle It's healthier than the real Unicorn Frappuccino -- and definitely more tasteful.
These Inspiring Muslim Vloggers Are Changing Minds With Makeup \Being able to engage with people as a human has the potential to broaden people\u2019s minds.\u201d
Jennifer Hudson Looked Incredible Wearing Two Different Looks In One Day Our flats-wearing dreamgirl for life.
The Blonde Buzzcut That Celebrities Just Can't Get Enough Of Chop chop! \u2702\ufe0f
The Duchess of Cambridge Went Full Jackie O For Easter Two words
This Simple Hack Will Make Your Beauty Products Last Way Longer Think your tube is empty? Think again.
Sounds Like Christian Siriano Won't Dress Melania Trump Either The designer's gone from \I'll let you know\ to pretty much \no.\
The One Thing Khloe Kardashian's Denim Line Gets Absolutely Right It's about time other brands followed suit.
15-Year-Old Takes Topshop To Task Over Its Severely Thin Mannequins Do better, Topshop.
Ivanka Trump's Clothing Sales Increased In 2016 Growth slowed a bit, but it still happened.
We're One Step Closer To Wearing Clothing Made From Poop Your wardrobe is about to get crappier.
Katy Perry Wore A Sports Bra To A Chanel Dinner Why dress up when you can dress down?
Let This Cute Cat In Funny Wigs Remind You The World Isn't All Bad Funny, fur real.
Will, Kate And Harry Meet With London Terror Attack Victims The royal family attended a \service of hope\ in London Wednesday.
This Massive Bright Pink Diamond Just Sold For More Than $70 Million If diamonds are a girl's best friend, this one's basically family
Kendall Jenner Is Definitely Trolling Us In These Absurd Shorts What.. the..
Trump Models Might Be Running Out Of Models Gabriel Ruas Santos-Rocha says he \did not start an agency with the intent of taking someone out of business.\
Kim Kardashian's New Sheer Dress Has A Really Fun Secret This look is lit.
This Vlogger Just Slammed Nonsense Beauty Standards With One Tweet She did not wake up like this.
7 Things That Always Go On Sale In April SPRING JACKETS Yep, it\u2019s only April, but stores are already making way for summer merch. As a result, this month you\u2019ll start
This Post About Stretch Marks Nails The Way We Think About Our 'Flaws' ... And how we fix it with a little self-love.
Selena Gomez Is A Vision In Orange At '13 Reasons Why' Premiere Orange you glad she didn't wear red?
Un-Retouched Ads Aren't A Huge Money-Maker, But Brands Don't Care \This was never about the sales.\
People Are Painting Viral Memes On Their Eyelids, Because The Internet Is Not Enough Blink and you're Salt Bae.
Model Castings Called For 'No Blacks, No Ethnics' As Recently As 2007 41 women of color got real about beauty and diversity for Allure.
What's Happening To Retail?!? The headlines are starting to feel the same almost every single day. The drama. The anxiety. The budget cuts. The institutions
It's Hard To Pick Faves From Victoria Beckham's Target Collection, But We Did It Best of all? Its plus-size items will be available online AND in stores.
The Best Chunky Heels For Spring Finally a selection of stacked heels that won't make you want to rip your feet off.
Chrissy Teigen And Baby Luna Wear The Cutest Matching Overalls CUTENESS OVERLOAD ALERT.
Emma Watson Is A Timeless 'Beauty' On The Red Carpet Tr\u00e8s Belle.
Ivanka Trump Ditches High-End Jewelry To Appeal To Middle America Ch-ch-ch-ch-changes.
These Major U.S. Stores Are The Best Places To Shop Plus-Size For Glamour, by Lauren Chan. Confession
The Best Flatirons For Every Price Point The plates on this straightener smooth and nourish by pressing conditioners into the hair as you pass over each section. The
Tarte Jumps On The Unicorn Trend With A Truly Magical Makeup Collection Rainbow highlighter as far as the eye can see.
Zendaya's Latest Red Carpet Dress Only Cost $38 Plus more cheap celeb finds from the past week.
Lorde Dressed Like A Moth On 'Saturday Night Live' This is pretty perfect.
DKNY's Unrelatable Ad Shows Emily Ratajkowski Walking Her Dog In Lingerie Because, apparently, \anything can happen in New York.\
Pamela Anderson's Look Is Missing Something How does she pull this off?
The Only Thing Cooler Than Kristen Stewart's Hair Is Her Dress With Pockets Pockets > everything.
The Duchess Of Cambridge Needs A New Secretary. Could It Be You? Get excited!
Hillary Clinton And Her New Haircut Have Clearly Moved Past 2016 A makeover of stately proportions.
The Duchess Of Cambridge Tops Off A Repeat Coat With A Big Ol' Hat Big hat, old coat, can't lose.
The Leggings Trend European Women Are Obsessed With Related
This Powerful New Nike Ad Redefines What 'Girls Are Made Of' We are way more than \flowers,\ \gossip\ and \marmalade.\
'Black Models Matter' Protest Blasts Paris Fashion Week For Lack Of Diversity Yes. To. This.
Mara Hoffman Taps 'Feminists, Activists And Artists' For Powerful Shoot \This project was my way to thank them for their courage and their hope, especially in the times we are facing right now.\u201d
17 Pieces Of Feminist Jewelry That'll Show You're A Nasty Woman Wake, slay, repeat.
Paris Jackson Just Made A Major Career Move And Signed With IMG Models This girl is on fire \ud83d\udd25
Twitter Noticed An Error On The New Green Trump Hats Looks like someone needs a history lesson. \u2618
Balenciaga's Ginormous Tote Bag Will Hold All Your Earthly Possessions Good luck finding your keys, though.
This 10-Week-Old Baby Has A 2-Hour Hair Routine We're not jealous. You're jealous.
Katy Perry Has A Post-Breakup Platinum Blonde Pixie Cut Now Fine, fresh, fierce.
Emma Watson Wore A Subtle 'Beauty And The Beast' Tribute On The Red Carpet All the looks are enchanting.
This Hilariously Real Video Might Put You Off Charcoal Masks Forever \Holy crap, I am really regretting this.\
This Makeup Artist Recreated Beyonc\u00e9's Pregnancy Shoot On Her Lips BOW DOWN to this masterpiece.
Why I\u2019m Building My Political Wardrobe I ran hundreds of miles around town in my I\u2019M WITH HER shirt. I received mixed reactions. Some people waved and smiled. Others
Jessica Biel Is Dressed Exactly Like A Golden Statue At 2017 Oscars And it totally works.
John Legend Says Chrissy Teigen Looks 'Like A Goddess' At Oscars They are simply the best.
Viola Davis Celebrated Her Oscars Win In Sneakers Like A Boss A woman after our own hearts.
Blue ACLU Ribbons Are The Stars' Best Accessories At 2017 Oscars Solidarity in style.
A Peek Inside This Year's Academy Award Gifting Suites There were fascinating things to see and fascinating people to meet.
Here's What Brad Goreski Wants To See These Oscar Nominees Wearing Emma Stone would look AMAZING in this.
Obama Is Back From Vacation And Looking \ud83d\udcaf Oh, hello there, Mr. President.
Nordstrom Co-President Looks like his social media efforts weren't so powerful after all.
Tracee Ellis Ross Looks Like An Angel In This Playfully Sheer Gown A queen dressed like a princess.
See The Original Sketches For These 'Best Costume' Nominated Films \La La Land,\ \Jackie\ and beyond.
Get Ready For More Color In Your Life, Lisa Frank Makeup Is On Its Way \ud83c\udf08\u2728\ud83d\udc98\ud83d\udc51\ud83c\udf6d
There Are No Words To Describe How Good Viola Davis Looked Last Night Her plunging cut-out gown fit her perfectly.
Katy Perry Channels Hillary Clinton More And More With Every Outfit Pantsuits FTW.
Meryl Streep Just Invented Star Trek Chic Who else can make a giant mock turtleneck dress look cool?
Celine Dion's Heart Will Go On Our Best-Dressed List Now this is a Vegas-appropriate ensemble.
Designer Drags Donald Trump  With 'More Glitter Less Twitter' Message Sparkles and unity FTW.
The 'Oscars' Gift Bag Is Absolutely Bonkers, And It Comes With A Catch Anyone need a cellulite massage mat?
Kendall Jenner Steps Out In London Wearing 2 Gold Teeth \ud83d\ude10\ud83d\ude10\ud83d\ude10
Paris Jackson Is Grown Up And Gorgeous On Cover Of CR Fashion Book That lip! That hair! That dress!
Sylvester Stallone's Teenage Daughter Sistine Is A Bonafide Runway Model The family resemblance is hard to miss!
Woman Proudly Shows Off Her Eczema To Prove A Point About Instagram Instagram doesn't always tell the whole story.
Feast Your Eyes On This Bonkers Doughnut Dress At Fashion Week Do-nut lie, this dress is making you hungry.
Chrissy Teigen Somehow Makes The Braless Outfit Look So Damn Chic How does she do it?!
These Fashion Industry Immigrants Have A Powerful Message For Donald Trump \So many members of this colorful community are immigrants themselves.\u201d
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley And Hannah Jeter Take Their Pregnancies To The Red Carpet Oh, baby!
This Makeup Palette Has A Game-Changing Little Secret POP!
Watch Hijab-Wearing Model Halima Aden Walk For Yeezy At NYFW The 19-year-old was just signed to IMG Models.
Kanye West Doesn't Want You To See Yeezy Season 5, But Here It Is Anyway Sorry, 'Ye.
Diesel Trolls Trump's Border Wall With New Campaign \Make love not walls.\
Here's How J.Crew Replaced Its Bridal Line Sheer (and sparkly!) fun.
Beyonc\u00e9 Dressed Like The Queen She Is At The Grammys We're crazy in love with this Bey-utiful look.
Gulping Gargoyles, J.K. Rowling Looked Incredible At The BAFTAs Oh, oh it's magic!
Ivanka Trump's Nordstrom Sales Reportedly Dropped Over 70 Percent Right Before The Election Looks like the retailer's decision wasn't so \unfair.\
Beyonc\u00e9's 2nd Grammys Dress Really Showed Off Her Baby Bump Hi, babies!
Adele Looks Gorgeous In Green On The 2017 Grammys Red Carpet Simply stunning.
How To Make This Glitter Eyeliner From Fashion Week Work In Real Life It's totally wearable!
Rihanna Salutes 'Badass' Amelia Earhart In A High-Flying Photoshoot The flyest.
The Best Maternity Style Moments At The Grammys Because it's not all about Beyonc\u00e9 (yes it is).
Full-Page Ad In The New York Times Demands Diversity At Fashion Week \Let's move from talk to action.\
Solange Is Strong And Gorgeous On Her First Elle U.S. Cover YES. \ud83d\udd25
This Actress Used Her Dress To Send A Powerful Message About The Travel Ban She's wearing her heart on her clothes for Donald Trump to see.
Stefano Gabbana Apologizes For Body Shaming Lady Gaga What is wrong with people?
Ashley Graham Nabs Her Second Vogue Cover In 3 Months You might recognize some of her co-stars, too.
Reese Witherspoon And Her Lookalike Daughter Hit The Town In Matchy Dresses Twinning!
L.L. Bean's CEO Offers To Help Workers Affected By Trump's Travel Ban The company is having to address the president all over again.
Watch Two Dudes Go To Extreme Lengths To Test Long-Lasting Lipstick The winning product may surprise you!
This Stunning H&M Gown Is Made From Plastic Waste Sustainability never looked so good.
Pregnant Natalie Portman Just Wore Topshop To An Oscars Lunch So chic. So affordable.
Bernie Sanders Responds To The \u2018Bizarre\u2019 Fashion Collection He Inspired It\u2019s not exactly a Bern, but close.
David Bowie's Red Ziggy Stardust Hair Was Initially A Huge Disaster This story is amazing.
Nicki Minaj Says 'Racism' Is The Reason This Designer Won't Take Her Call \The racism and disrespect won't b tolerated.\
23 Prom Dresses Under $100 That\u2019ll Make You The Belle Of The Ball No need to break the bank.
Nordstrom Stopped Carrying Ivanka Trump Because No One Was Buying It The department store says it's not political, but...
The Women Of 'Girls' Have Changed A LOT So grown up.
FYI, The Hair On Your Head Can Hold Up To The Weight Of 2 Elephants Don't try this at home.
This Obama-Themed Clothing Line Just Dropped Into Your Life You can thank Chance The Rapper for making it famous.
North West Shows Off Designs For The Upcoming Yeezy Kid's Line It's a sparkly departure from Kanye's love of neutrals.
Dove Deodorant's #AlternativeFacts Campaign Trolls The Trump Administration \New Dove antiperspirant boosts your Wi-Fi signal.\
Models Team Up To Demand Diversity At Fashion Week The petition has over 1,000 signatures already.
Miss France Iris Mittenaere Wins Miss Universe Crown \u201cI want to help people, I want to understand people, I want to meet people, that\u2019s why this is a dream for me.\u201d
Patagonia Just Made Another Major Move To Save The Earth And Your Wallet It's great news for vintage lovers, too.
People Are Putting Makeup On Their Thighs. Is Everyone OK? What. Is. Happening.
The 'Stranger Things' Kids Are The Breath Of Fresh Air We Need Right Now Squad. Goals.
Men Guess What Beauty Blenders Are, And It's Comedy Gold \It appears to be an oval that has compressed into a pointy top.\
Gwyneth Paltrow Wants You To Buy The Most Outrageous Items For Valentine's Day Because your pelvic floor clearly needs more attention.
Rimmel London Just Cast A Man In Its Latest Makeup Campaign Meet Lewys Ball, Rimmel London's male campaign star.
Torrid Got Its Customers To Pose In Their Underwear, And It's Magic Self-love overload.
Frances Bean Cobain's New Modeling Gig Is So Not Surprising Her thoughts on '90s fashion may be shocking.
Hooray! ASOS Now Carries Plus Sizes For Men We all needed a little good news this week, right?
What Melania Trump's Inaugural Ball Gown Designer Has To Say For Himself \I'm not doing politics, I'm doing dresses.\
Kylie Jenner's New Puma Campaign Might Actually Get You Back In The Gym Okay, no one looks this good at the gym.
I Let My Nana Dress Me And I've Never Gotten So Many Compliments A lesson in self-love and faux leather.
Melania Trump Wears A White Off-The-Shoulder Gown To The Inaugural Ball Compared to Ivanka, her look was pretty minimalist.
Trump's Tie Was Held Together With Tape At The Inauguration It wasn't the first time he rocked the tape-tie.
Women's Photos Of Their #MarchingShoes Will Fire You Up Will you share a photo of yours?
Kellyanne Conway Is Wearing A $3,600 Coat Studded With (Ahem) Cats A look that just screams \You'll see this again on 'SNL.'\
Michelle Obama's Last Outfit As First Lady Is Classic, Of Course We'll never let go, Michelle. We'll never let go.
Forget Rose Gold, 'Blorange' Is Your Cool New Hair Trend It's all the rage on Instagram.
It's Sky Blue Ralph Lauren For Melania Trump's Inauguration Dress Comparisons to Jackie Kennedy have already begun.
High Fashion's Excuse For Not Carrying Extended Sizes Is SO Tired Less blaming, more doing, please.
Stunning Style From Inaugurations Past, To Distract You From This One From Mary Todd Lincoln to Michelle Obama.
Designers Handwrite The Words We All Wish We Could Say To FLOTUS We're not crying, you're crying.
Alicia Keys Just Wore Makeup For The First Time Since Last Spring But she still has \no intention to shame anyone at all who chooses to wear it.\
Bob Dylan's Grandson Levi Is One Very Handsome Model He looks a lot like his also-famous father.
Katy Perry Debuts A Suspiciously Trump-Like Hairdo What is happening here?
Someone Give The Duchess Of Cambridge A Pantene Campaign Already The hair envy is so real.
This Unicorn Hair Is The Definition Of Extra You better hope this trend doesn't catch on.
Why I Canceled My Order From L.L. Bean The return of two $30 pairs of gloves will not impress Linda Bean or move the needle at L.L. Bean, but it makes a big difference to me.
Vogue Is Trolling Us By Suggesting That People Should Wear Dog Collars At least they're on sale?
Kylie Jenner Debuts Her First New Hair Transformation Of 2017 Drumroll please...
President Obama Knows Better Than To Complain About FLOTUS' Outfits Not that there's anything *to* criticize.
Cringe-Worthy Video Shows What NOT To Do When You Match Your Colleague This is painful.
This Touching Video Will Remind You Of The Power Of A Compliment BRB, telling everyone we know that they're beautiful.
This Sweater Is Perfect For Anyone Who Is Done Talking About Politics Or anything, for that matter.
Can We At Least Have 4 More Years Of Malia Obama's Style? Yes we can. Yes we can.
Ivanka Trump Reportedly Cuts Ties To Her Fashion Brand And the Trump Organization, too.
Kim Kardashian Is Back On The Town, And Her Look Is... Interesting Less pants than ever before.\ud83d\ude48
Dove Celebrates 60th Birthday By Highlighting Its Most Iconic, Inclusive Ads Celebrating \real beauty\ today and always.
Even More Proof That Donald Trump Is Wrong About A Dress Shortage In D.C. Turns out it's not so \hard to find a great dress for this inauguration.\
Natalie Portman Makes A Bold '60s Statement At The 2017 Golden Globes Talk about staying in character.
Maybelline Picks Its First Male Campaign Star In A Big Move Toward Inclusivity But wait, there's more.
Can This $460 Juicy Tracksuit Trick You Into Thinking It's Cool? What goes around comes back around -- for triple the price.
This Smart Brush Will Shame You Into Taking Care Of Your Hair The future is here, and it's giving you a daily breakage score.
Sorry Internet, But Men Have Been Wearing Chokers For Decades Take a seat, Matt Lauer.
Finally, Clinique Introduces Crayola Crayons You Can Use On Your Face We're tickled pink.
GANT x Future 
Why People Really Buy Fur Why are people so drawn to fur coats and fur trim? \Fur stands for the pubic hair\, wrote Freud. Since fur is a sensual object
These 15 Viral Beauty Tricks Made 2016 Even Weirder We mean that in the best way, of course.
11 Of The Best Body Positive Fashion Moments In 2016 More of this in 2017, please.
One Tear-Jerking Last Look At Michelle Obama's Best Outfits Of 2016 \ud83c\udfb6 \How do I live without you? I want to know.\ \ud83c\udfb6
George Michael & 90's Fashion When I heard the news that pop icon George Michael passed away yesterday I was really sad. Not only was he amazingly talented
Start the New Year Right By Organizing Now 
Honoring Life Of China Machado, First Non-White Model In A Major Magazine The model, who died at 86, was the \first to put in front of the audience the idea of the otherness.\
Sarah Paulson's Sparkly Dress Is  A Holiday Treat For Us All This is perfect.
Self Magazine Ends Its Print Run On A Body-Positive High Note A curvy model is the glossy's final cover star.
Miss Puerto Rico Stephanie Del Valle Crowned Miss World 2016 Contestants from more than 100 countries took part in the annual  beauty pageant.
See The Beauty Trend Pinned By Nearly 2 Million People Pinterest released its top 10 beauty trends for 2017.
15 Stores To Hit Up On Free Shipping Day And they'll deliver by Christmas Eve.
Great News Our holiday wish lists just took a turn.
Natalie Portman Radiates Glamour In A Showstopping Maternity Gown Jackie O(h yes please).
This Tea Bag Trick For Broken Nails Will Blow Your Mind We're spilling the tea on this amazing trick.
Comfortable Pumps That Won't Make You Want To Rip Your Feet Off Just in time for your holiday parties!
I Wore Crocs To Work For A Week \u2014 And Lived To Tell The Tale For Glamour, by Noah Silverstein. I pride myself on maintaining a certain taste level in my day-to-day life \u2014 I like to call
Our Top 3 Favorite Looks At The Critics' Choice Awards Yes, Jessica Biel. Yes.
Kerry Washington Shines On The Red Carpet, 2 Months After Giving Birth Literally.
GBK's Giving Lounge 
The Holidays Are The Perfect Time To Take Some Style Risks 3 ways to be braver with your style at holiday parties
This Edible Chocolate Manicure Is Too Much We've reached peak bizarre nail art, people.
We Can't Get Over Simone Biles' Epic Orange Pantsuit A powerful lady in a powerful orange suit.
The Royal Family Is Ready For Your Awkward Office Holiday Party Thanks for this, Madame Tussauds.
These Lip Tints Are Made From Your Favorite Wine Who's the miraculous human who thought of this?
Victoria's Secret Puts Record Number Of Asian Models On Its Runway Now give these girls some wings. \ud83d\ude4c
This Glow-In-The-Dark Hair Is Electric Day And Night It's like a glow stick for your head. \u26a1\ufe0f\u26a1\ufe0f\u26a1\ufe0f
Beauty Gift Sets At Every Budget, For Every Personality On Your List There's even something for people who hate makeup.
Bee Venom Skin Care Could Become Your Next Obssession It claims to help tighten and firm your skin.
Beyonce Has A Christmas Line. Say 'Boy, Bye' To All Your Money. OK, ladies, get your wish lists in formation.
Just Try To Look Away From This Bath Bomb Being Made So. Freaking. Magical.
Wes Anderson Directed The Most Wes Anderson Video Ever For H&M Of course Adrien Brody is the star.
The Interesting Benefits To Using Bar Soap Instead Of Body Wash For Glamour, by Deanna Pai. Last month, I spent a weekend at my best friend's apartment in Chicago. I unpacked what was basically
Black Fashion Designers Are Finally Getting Their Moment In The Spotlight For Allure, by Kari Molvar. The Museum at the Fashion Institute of Technology offered a number of must-see exhibitions over
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie Nails Why It's OK To Care About Fashion And Beauty After The Election \Women still need to know what damn moisturizer works in the winter!\
Looks Like Ivanka Trump Just Realized Her Politics Doesn't Help Her Sell Things Donald Trump's daughter moves to distance herself from her own brand.
Princess Diana's Hairstylist Reveals His Favorite Hair Products of All Time John Frieda Frizz Ease Secret Weapon Touch Up Cr\u00e8me, $7, target.com I recently used this as the DSquared AW\u201916 show. We applied
A $750 Weed Grinder Necklace Is Here Just In Time For The Holidays Put your money where your weed is.
Gigi Hadid Showed A Lot Of Skin In Her 6 Different AMAs Outfits Are you surprised?
Ciara Shows Off Baby Bump In A Skintight Black Gown At The AMAs She's literally glowing.
9 Beauty Gifts For People Who Love Neutrals We love to be nude.
HuffPost Did An Office Clothing Swap. And You Can Too. It's really easy.
10 Eyebrows As Famous As The Men Who Own Them Handsome eyebrows seem requisite for being cast in a blockbuster space franchise. We can\u2019t help but think that Zachary Quinto\u2019s
You'll Need An Appointment To Get Nike's New Self-Lacing Sneakers Oh, and $720.
'Tattoo Tights' Make Your Legs Look Inked In The Realest Way We'll be wearing these ALL winter.
Lauren Graham And Alexis Bledel Are Looking Friday Night Dinner Ready We're not in Stars Hollow anymore.
Pat McGrath's New Metal Makeup Is Absolutely Mesmerizing She strikes again.
These Curvy Modern Disney Princesses Will Give You Major Style Inspo Yes, really.
Dolly Parton Shines Like A Thousand Suns In This Yellow Gown We will always love you, Dolly.
Paris Hilton And The Duchess Of Cambridge Have Something In Common It's the moment you've all been waiting for.
Yes, Lisa Frank Hair Is A Trend That Is Actually Happening Bright, bold and beautiful.
CoverGirl's Newest Ambassador Is Muslim Beauty Blogger Nura Afia We're so excited!
10 Purses That Are Brilliantly Disguised As Books Wear your literature loud and proud.
This Gory Halloween Makeup Is Not For The Faint Of Heart Just in time for All Hallows' Eve.
14 Ways To Live Like A Mermaid Every Day Of Your Life Why only be a mermaid for Halloween when you can be one full-time?
Hillary Clinton Jokes About Her 'Death Row Records' Fashion Inspiration Did you hear? That's the sound of the internet exploding.
17 Of The Most Obvious Ways To Broadcast Your Love For Cats You've CAT to check these items out right MEOW!
The Hangover Kit That'll Help You Look Like A Human Again We've been there, friends, and these are our lifesavers.
Makeup Artist's Spectacular Halloween Eye Art Proves The Devil Is In The Details Her eyelids are more impressive than your entire Halloween costume.
You'll Want To Get Inked After Seeing This Tattoo Artist's Masterful Work Who knew tiny tattoos could still be THAT detailed?! \ud83c\udfa8
This Faux Fur Collar Fits Onto Any Jacket, Making Winter Dreams Come True Your neck will thank you.
Taylor Swift Goes Back To Her True Self In A Black Sparkly Romper Lightning strikes every time she moves. \u26a1\ufe0f
This Harry Potter Makeup Palette Is Worth All The Gold In Gringotts We don\u2019t know what spell has been cast upon the beauty world, but the internet has just blessed us with more Harry Potter
This Super Mario Hair Will Absolutely Blow Your Mind And it's just in time for Halloween!
Neiman Marcus' 2016 Fantasy Gifts Include A $1.5 Million Rose Gold Airplane Guys. GUYS.
Yes, Khloe Kardashian Still Has 'Horrible' Body Confidence Days She really is just like us. Well, sort of.
This Rose Gold Hair Trend Will Straight Up Give You Life Ros\u00e9 all day. \ud83d\udc81
Here's Everything You Need To Be A Mermaid This Halloween Make a splash at your next costume party.
Not Everything Is Bad Well, isn't this just adorable.
Dads Painting Their Daughters' Nails Is The Best Thing You'll See Today The Daddy Daughter Hair Factory strikes again, adorably.
Michelle Obama Has The Perfect Solution For Wearing Painful Shoes \Mrs. Obama said you can take them off.\
SNL Rips On Bad Women's Clothing Ads In The Most Hilarious Way \No matter what size you are, you'll still feel CHONK.\
Little Boy Has Hilarious Response To Meeting William And Kate \I'm never washing my hands again.\
The New Fashion Week Diversity Report Is Good For Kanye, Really Bad For Others This is not a good look, Mary-Kate and Ashley.
Taylor Swift's Squad Clearly Got A Matching Outfit Memo On Wednesdays, they wear black.
This New Tool Promises To Make Your Hair Blonde In Seconds To quote the great Rihanna
The Kenzo H&M Collection Is Oversized, Colorful And Fabulous All Over Caution
27 Pompom Hats You'll Want To Hide Under When Cold Weather Hits The bigger the pom, the cuter the beanie. \ud83d\ude46
The Red Sweaters You Need To Look Like National Treasure Kenneth Bone Sweater weather has never looked better.
Twitter Was Distracted By Trump's Super Long Necktie Last Night If there was a tie last night, it was under Donald Trump's chin.
I'm Not A Fashionista, But Fashion Is My Business I started designing clothing in college. I love accessories. I have a distinctive eye for style. But, I\u2019ve never posted my
Alicia Keys And The No Makeup Ok Just A little Movement \u201dIf you\u2019re going to do something don\u2019t half ass it, use your full ass!\u201d By now you\u2019ve heard about Alicia Keys\u2019 vow to not
There Is Much To Miss When You Judge By Appearance Alone Opposite you, an exhausted-looking man glances at his phone persistently. To your right, a woman glides a slender brush
The Problem With 'How To Wear Clothes You've Been Told Not To' Stories Make. It. Stop.
What's Pink, Red And Gucci All Over? Beyonc\u00e9, For Some Reason. We ain't sorry for digging this questionable look.
Nike Is Raffling Off These 'Back To The Future' Self-Lacing Shoes For A Very Good Cause They're the coolest thing since Michael J. Fox time traveled.
You're Going To Want Everything In The New Dr. Scholl's Collection Yes, you read that right.
Your Fall Outfit Inspo, Courtesy Of Paris Fashion Week The biggest takeaway? Wear. More. Denim.
The Surprising Way You're Accidentally Destroying Your Clothes Proper storage is an ignored step for longer-lasting clothes.
Vans' New 'Toy Story' Shoe Collection Goes To Infinity And Beyond Of course, \Andy\ is written on the bottom of the shoes.
3 Must-Have Shoes For The Office It\u2019s clear that dress attire has become more casual in the past decade in the corporate office job setting, especially with
10.2.16 - Fashionable Backpacks Observed On The Streets of NYC! During this past week on my way to teaching at The Fashion Institute of Technology in New York City, I have seen many greatly
Can Sportswear Make Sustainability Cool? 
Please, For The Love Of Snacks, Don't Curl Your Hair With Cheetos Even if it works spectacularly well.
17 Tweets That Make Perfect Sense To Anyone With A Weird Hairline \Curse my weird hairline and massive forehead.\
How To Make Your Messy Makeup Collection Look Like A Million Bucks You're going to like this -- we promise.
Mandy Moore Is Officially Our New Style Crush We've missed you like candy, Mandy.
Mewgaroo Hoodies Now Have Larger Pockets, Presumably For Fatter Cats How purr-fect! \ud83d\udc3e
The Only 5 Brushes You Need In Your Makeup Bag Plus how to use, clean and care for them.
Interview Flawlessly beautiful, celebrated model, and cosmetic enthusiast, Jamie Hilfiger has launched in collaboration with \La Curcio
Drop Everything Their parents are along for the ride, too.
The Silk Road 
6 Reasons You Should Be Washing Your Jeans WAY Less Often It's not THAT gross.
5 Products You Can Actually Afford From Kim Kardashian's Beauty Routine We're stealing these.
3 Outrageously Easy Ways To Repurpose An Entire Pair Of Jeans Did someone say denim wine bag?
These Sparkly Geode Lips Are About To Rock Your World Simply stunning.
This Jewelry Company Gives Gorgeous New Life To Old Graffiti Pretty, empowering and environmentally friendly.
Adobe Creates Genius Clothing Line With Clich\u00e9 Stock Photos You can now own a shirt featuring \laughing woman eating healthy vegetable salad.\
Pregnant Kerry Washington Completely Slays The Emmys Red Carpet Everyone can go home now.
The Fashion World Is Really Trying To Make Crocs 'It' Shoes Would you rock these Crocs?
The Subtle Beauty Trend You Probably Didn't Notice At The Emmys So. Darn. Pretty.
The Best Dressed Men at the 2016 Emmy Awards Ty Burrell in Strong Suit and Montblanc Joel Kinnaman in Ermenegildo Zegna Sterling K. Brown Tom Hiddleston in Gucci Thomas
The Irreverent Perfumer 
Glue Sticks Are The Secret Brow Tool You've Been Looking For Eyebrows on fleek.
Tom Ford Feels 'Repulsed' By His Contribution To Consumer Culture It's a double-edged sword.
MAC Will Re-Release Its Entire Selena Makeup Collection (UPDATED) Bidi bidi bahhhhhh give us everything ASAP.
Why Shopping Doesn't Solve Problems In The Fashion Industry When I started blogging, I signed an online petition with a whole list of rules about things I would and wouldn\u2019t do when
The Alexander Wang After-Party Was The Craziest Thing To Come Out Of NYFW McDonald\u2019s? Check. 7-Eleven? Check. Custom lighters? Check.
24 Of The Most Outrageous, Least Wearable Looks From Fashion Week Would you wear any of these?
Men, J.Crew Wants You To Start Getting More Comfortable With Pink But not THAT comfortable, so don't freak out.
There's A Reason U.S. Open Tennis Players Looked So Good On The Court Players get the advantage of using the Julien Farel Style Suite.
How 2016 Fashion Week Is Already More Inclusive Than Usual Please don't let this just be a passing fad.
'Cool Girl' Brand Glossier Releases A Line Of Serums Let's glow up, friends.
Suspended Tom Brady Promotes The 'Do Nothing' Life Wearing Uggs Ah, the irony.
The Difference Between Photographing Fashion And Politics Isn\u2019t As Stark As You\u2019d Think Landon Nordeman has shot it all.
Rihanna Declares Her Love For New York With Giant Heart-Shaped Fur Coat She's the only girl in the world that could pull this off.
You Can Buy Steve Jobs\u2019s Old Turtleneck Sweater For $3,000 By Max Berlinger for GQ. We\u2019re all for a turtleneck, and we\u2019re all for a graphic T-shirt, but never before have we seen the
L.A. Swim Week; a Summer Highpoint 
A Nobel Prize for Sustainable Fashion 
Here's How To Look Like A Lisa Frank Folder This Halloween The makeup tutorial of your '90s dreams.
Stockholm's Awesome Street Style Will Actually Make You Excited For Summer's End Seriously, bring on fall clothes.
6 Genius Hacks For Upgrading Your LBD For Teen Vogue, by Emma Sarran Webster.\u00a0 2. Draw attention up with this ethereal headband that you can don with an up-do
The U.S Women's Gymnastics Team Turns Heads At The VMAs These girls get the gold -- for being best dressed.
ASOS Is Selling Strap-On Dinosaur Tails, And The Internet Is Confused \ud83d\udc32
Kim K's Look At The VMAs Is Her Freshest Yet Literally.
The Most Memorable Looks From The 2016 MTV VMAs Red Carpet This might be the wildest awards show of the year.
Beyonc\u00e9 And Blue Ivy Are Matching Angels At The VMAs We can see your halo -- literally.
14 Flawless Face Masks Editors Swear By Let's face it
A Genius Guide To Understanding The Laundry Symbols On Your Clothes You're welcome!
Beyonc\u00e9 And Jay Z Are Perfectly Suited For Each Other In Matching Outfits Talk about power suits.
KFC's Fried Chicken-Scented Sunscreen Will Keep Your Skin From Getting Crispy For when you want to make yourself smell finger-lickin' good.
Of Course There's An Annual Convention For Redheads, And It's Awesome Let your ginger flag fly. \ud83c\udf53\ud83c\udf4e\ud83c\udf52\ud83c\udf45
Jennifer Lopez Steals The Star-Studded Show In A Plunging Dress Still. Got. It.
The Best And Worst Dressed Men Of 2016, So Far While Big Sean is consistently confusing the Internet about whether or not he is dating R&B crooner and his Twenty88 partner
Why You Should Pick Pink For warmer-toned complexions, go for the stronger shades, even the one and only hot pink. Check out the Milly one-shoulder top in rose or the Elie Tahari willow-pleated silk blouse in a bright shade.
Photographic Evidence Proves Bill Clinton Was Such A Dad During His Presidency Bill Clinton's dadliest moments in style.
Kanye West Is Opening 21 Pablo Pop-Up Shops This Weekend You're FourFive Seconds from some Pablo merch.
A Jewelry Brand Just Threw The Best Shade At Ivanka Trump Mic. Dropped.
People Are Losing Their Minds Over The New Urban Decay Naked Palette \Not sure if I'm more excited for college or the new Urban Decay naked palette.\
Check Out These Olympians Wearing Regular Clothes Like They're Mortals Or Something LOL, nice try, Olympians. We still recognize you.
Kim Kardashian Blesses The World With An Explanation Of Her Corset Obsession This actually makes a lot of sense.
Rachel Bloom Hilariously Debunks The Myth Of Red Carpet Style Now red carpets are ruined.
These Olympic Manicures Deserve All The Gold Medals Nailed it.
Taylor Swift And Her Throwback Curls Just Hit Peak '90s Perfection It's a love story between Swift and this overalls dress.
Johnny Weir Flaunts Some Medal-Worthy Outfits At The Rio Olympics The man can do no wrong.
The Best Outfits And The Biggest Stars At The 2016 Olympic Opening Ceremony There was more than the U.S. uniform controversy.
Gisele Bundchen Wins Gold Medal In Walking In A Straight Line The longest runway in the world, they say.
Mermaid Crowns Bring Us One Step Closer To Being Sea Royalty Why be a mermaid when you can be a merQUEEN? \ud83d\udc51
Ariana Grande Is So Committed To Her Ponytail, She Cut A Hole In Her Hat For It Can someone teach Ariana Grande how to wear hats?
Jared Leto Thinks There's Room For A New Type Of Leading Man In Hollywood \I have never had a specific idea of masculinity. I think it's OK to just be yourself.\
Ryan Lochte Makes A Splash With His Shocking New Olympic Hair It's a new hue!
14 Rose Gold Beauty Products That'll Make You Look Like 24 Karats Get your shine on.
Ashley Graham Is Done With The 'Too Fat, Too Thin' Debate \My body is MY body. I'll call the shots.\
Twitter Is Getting To Know Tim Kaine In The Most Superficial Way Ever Because we are only human.
DNC Tweets That'll Make You Forget The Convention Is Even About Politics Meryl, Michelle, Madeleine and so much more.
14 Beauty Products That Will Make You Look Out Of This World Go galactic or go home.
Here Are All The Tweets That Judged Bill Clinton's Outfit Last Night There wasn't much to read.
17 Times Twitter Totally Understood The Plight Of The Short Man #shortguyproblems
Voting Is Cool And Fashionable. Just Ask Kendall Jenner. Casting a ballot has never looked this good.
This $249 Razor Is Made Of Sapphire. Is It Worth The Crazy Price? Why the impact on your wallet isn't the only cost you should consider.
Kylie Jenner Launches A New Eyeshadow, Gets One Step Closer To World Domination Introducing \Kyshadow.\
Of Course Kanye West Is The Star Of The New Balmain Campaign And he's wearing a pretty familiar outfit.
Jenna Marbles Gifts Internet With The Ultimate '100 Layers' Video Everyone else can just stop trying.
The Fashion At The RNC Was Almost As Over The Top As The Speeches A Donald Trump cape, anyone?
All The RNC Swag That Will Probably End Up In The Garbage Please recycle.
We Need To Talk About The Hats At The Republican National Convention They're baaaaaaack.
How To Collaborate Like Todd Snyder, Rising King Of American Menswear Respect.
#TrumpHair Is The Hilarious Hashtag Our Country Deserves It's everywhere you look.
The Most WTF Moments From Men's New York Fashion Week From trust falling to shirt pants.
Oh Look, Kylie Jenner Maybe Cut Her Hair Again What goes around comes around.
Kellan Lutz Somehow Appeared In Almost Every NYFW Men's Photo This Year Introducing \Lutzing.\
Why Fashion Blogger Hannah Stoudemire Is Protesting New York Fashion Week Black lives matter everywhere.
These Stars Brought Their A-Game To The ESPYs Red Carpet Hot, hot, hot.
The Remington Verso Wants To Be The Only Razor You'll Ever Need But does it work?
Let's Pause To Appreciate Kristen Wiig's 'Ghostbusters' Press Style Who you gonna call (when you need fashion advice)?
This Last-Of-His-Kind Barber Still Sets Men's Hair On Fire It's lit.
Leslie Jones Has Two 'Pretty Woman' Moments In Two Weeks \ud83c\udfb6  \Pretty woman, walking down the street.\ \ud83c\udfb6
Serena Williams' Wimbledon Gown Is Yet Another Win Consider this look her 23rd grand slam.
How To Get The Perfect Shave, According To The 'Butterball Talk-Line' For Your Face Asked and answered.
Please Don't Put Your Child In These Exquisite Couture Mommy-And-Me Gowns. We Can't Handle It. We're not jealous. You're jealous.
12 Beach Cover-Ups For Under $50 That Will Help You Kick Start Summer Cover up in style.
Kanye West's Partnership With Adidas Is About To Get HUGE Introducing \the most significant partnership ever created between a non-athlete and an athletic brand.\
Rachel Roy Reveals Her Best Beauty Secrets To Into The Gloss One of her top picks comes from the drugstore.
You Absolutely NEED To See The Street Style In Japan Trust us.
Jennifer Hudson Wears A Prince-Inspired Look For Emotional BET Tribute It was equal parts slayage and perfection.
9 Summer Dresses That Are Better From Behind \ud83c\udf51
Social Media's Most Touching Tributes To Bill Cunningham \RIP to the king of streetstyle.\
6 Grooming Lessons You Can Learn From Stylish Italian Men 
Bill Cunningham, Famed Street Fashion Photographer, Dies At 87 He had chronicled street style for The New York Times for nearly 40 years.
Kendall Jenner Is Unrecognizable In Marc Jacobs' New Ad Campaign The \goth goddess\ joins Missy Elliott, Marilyn Manson and more in the edgy photos.
Why A Chunk Of Wood Is Exactly What Your Shoes Need This Summer It's worked for centuries.
The 7 Things We Will All Wear If Trump Becomes President It could be real bleak.
Why It's Actually Worth It To Spend More On Nice Workout Clothes Toss out those ratty old leggings and treat yourself.
These 3 Siblings Will Give You Cuteness Overload #GOALS
No One Had More Fun At The MuchMusic Awards Than Gigi Hadid And all six of her outfits.
Watch 5 Badass Women Destroy Stereotypes Of What It Means To Be Fat This is honest, powerful and oh-so-body-positive.
These Brave Dads Let Their Kids Dress Them For Work. Here's What Happened. The results are better than you'd think.
This Supermodel Just Made Our Week With A $17 Skirt H&M, FTW
Here's What Dwyane Wade's Dad Taught Him About Style Like father, like son.
From Scrunchies To Shoulder Pads, Paula Abdul Is Forever Our Girl She's danced her way into our hearts.
The Lesson In Self-Love We Could All Learn From Uzo Aduba \I started to think about what I did value about myself, gap tooth and all.\
Ashley Graham Shatters Body Image Standards With One Photo #YES.
What Bon Appetit's Editor-In-Chief Learned From His Dad About Style Adam Rapoport's recipe for looking good.
Here's The Most Major Key That DJ Khaled Learned From His Dad \ud83d\udd11\ud83d\udd11\ud83d\udd11\ud83d\udd11\ud83d\udd11\ud83d\udd11\ud83d\udd11
The Stunning Way Beauty Bloggers Are Paying Tribute To Orlando 
A Toned-Down Khloe Kardashian Has A Powerful Message For The Stylists Who Rejected Her She's got minimal makeup and a lot to say.
5 Ways To Breathe New Life Into Your Boring Old White T-Shirt It's time to get creative.
How 'Hamilton' Won The Tonys Red Carpet, Too \ud83c\udfb6 \Look around, look around at all the 'Hamilton'-inspired looks from the Tonys right now.\ \ud83c\udfb6
30 Years Later, We Bet You Still Can't Tell The Olsen Twins Apart Come on, we know you can be better.
Princess Charlotte Makes Her First Trooping The Colour Appearance Here's how to upstage a queen in neon green.
The Basic Life Skill Dwyane Wade Didn't Have When He Entered The NBA It's OK though, he rebounded.
Carrie Underwood Didn't Host The CMT Awards, But Wore 3 Different Outfits Anyway A diva won't be limited to just one dress.
Kylie Jenner's Black Lip Kit Color Is Not For The Faint Of Heart Introducing \Dead of Knight.\
The Concept Behind The Brand La Ligne Is So Simple It's Genius Sometimes the best ideas are right in front of you.
Pregnant Olivia Wilde Wows In A Strategically Cut-Out Gown SLAY, hot mama.
Glamour's CRO, Connie Anne Phillips, Shares The Career Advice You Need To Hear Always know where the light switches are.
Ashley Tisdale Gives Us A Reason To Shop At H&M On Our Cheap Celeb Finds List Like we needed one...
Here's How To Shave Your Balls, Since That's What You're Googling We are here to help.
Quick Del Rey's new blonde 'do has completely transformed her look.
14 Clever Ways To Wear Your Denim Shorts All Summer Long Because pants are for suckers.
Solange Knowles Sets The Tone For The Most Outrageous Outfits Of May \ud83c\udf4b\ud83c\udf4b\ud83c\udf4b\ud83c\udf4b\ud83c\udf4b\ud83c\udf4b\ud83c\udf4b\ud83c\udf4b\ud83c\udf4b\ud83c\udf4b\ud83c\udf4b\ud83c\udf4b\ud83c\udf4b\ud83c\udf4b
Turns Out Pope Francis Is A Fan Of Beauty Vloggers Just *maybe* not for the same reasons you are.
Controversial Jeremy Scott Inspiration Gallery Comes to Manhattan Lower East Side 
Selma Blair's Amazing Flat Shoes Top Our Cheap Celeb Finds List Thanks for doing the legwork, Blair.
Woman Recreates Red Carpet Gown With Prawn Crackers, And It's Amazing This will crack(er) you up.
The Best Sunscreens For Summer, According To Our Editors (Don't) burn baby burn.
From Russia With Love, Some Absolutely Gorgeous Style Inspiration Could this be the most stylish country?
Carrying These Stylish Backpacks Could Be A Great Move For Your Health Because that heavy tote isn't doing you any favors.
How To Get That $1,000 Embroidered Dress You've Been Seeing For Under $100 We got you.
Facebook Comes Under Fire For Banning Ad Featuring Plus-Size Model The social media site issued an apology after deeming the ad \undesirable.\
We Bet You Can't Tell The Difference Between These Men's Brands The toughest quiz you'll take all day.
WOW, Ashley Graham's New Swimsuitsforall Collection Is HOT Feeling sexy at the beach doesn't stop at a size 10.
The Billboard Music Awards Red Carpet 2016 \ud83d\udc83
Daytime Emmy Awards Gift Lounge/Hampton Gift Bag 
Lily-Rose Depp Wears A Hoodie To Cannes, Becomes Our Style Hero \ud83d\ude4f
Jared Leto Nearly Sacrificed His Eyebrows For The Sake Of Acting Could the world handle a browless Leto face?
The Most Dramatic Dresses At The AMFAR Gala, Including Elle Fanning As A Peacock No, really, her dress was a peacock.
How BaubleBar's Founders Made Jewelry Affordable For Shoppers Everywhere Because we all need something that sparkles.
30 Times Women Proved Menswear Isn't Just For Men She wears the pants.
How To Wear Your Boyfriends Jeans All Week Long Just say no to skinny jeans.
Kate Mara Wears Forever21 On Our Cheap Celeb Finds List \ud83d\ude4c
Wavy Lobs Are Having A Moment On This Week's Best Beauty List The \it\ celebrity haircut gets a touch of texture.
Nintendo Fans Will Freak Out Over Vans' New Retro Sneakers These shoes are more super than Mario.
We Have A Lot Of Questions About Kim Kardashian's Latest Outfit EXPLAIN YOURSELF, KIM.
How To Sneakily Wear Leggings All Week Long Muahahahaha.
How To Properly Groom Your Neckbeard For The Springtime Spring clean your jawline.
Zendaya Declares Her Love For Beyonc\u00e9 On Our Cheap Celeb Finds List All hail, Queen Bey.
Bath & Body Works Brings Back Iconic Scents To Make You Feel Like A \u201990s Queen For when you really wanna smell like a mall. Again.
Fashion's Diversity Report Is In, And We've Still Got A Lot Of Work To Do We need more Aeries in the world.
These '90s Fashion Ads Show Normcore At Its Finest Often imitated, never duplicated.
Rumor Has It Adele Has The Best Style In The Biz She's our one and only.
Every Celebrity Is Wearing This Skirt Right Now, And It's Actually Affordable Win win!
The Photos From Chanel's Show In Cuba Are Absolutely Dreamy The Coveteur got the inside scoop from the exclusive event.
Kim Kardashian And Kanye West Are Matching At The Met Gala Kan't say we didn't see this koming.
James Corden Gets Hilariously Real About Spanx Turns out it takes three men to unroll him.
We Can Say With Certainty That These Are The Cutest Photos Of Princess Charlotte Melting.
Taylor Swift Shows A Whole Lotta Leg In Gladiator Heels At The Met Gala Just call her Ms. Swift if you're nasty.
Royal Family Shares Adorable Photos Of Princess Charlotte To Mark Her First Birthday The images were taken by her mom, Duchess Kate.
Michelle Obama Stuns In Gold Givenchy At The White House Correspondents' Dinner All that glitters... is FLOTUS.
OMG, The Duchess Of Cambridge Is Vogue UK's June Cover Star *And* she's wearing a vintage hat.
GQ Is So Out Of Touch It Thinks You Can Afford A $4,595 Backpack Buy this backpack, and you may have to give up everything else in life.
Mary-Kate And Ashley Wouldn't Be Caught Dead Doing What Elizabeth Olsen Just Did These are the best-dressed celebs of the week.
Quiz Are you more Kate Middleton or Kylie Jenner?
Modcloth's Latest Body-Positive Swim Shoot Is Its Best Yet This time, it got members of its community to strip down, too.
Why The Kardashians' Hair Stylist Is Working With Vacuum Brand Dyson Meet your new dream hair dryer.
3 Stunning Spring Eye Makeup And Lipstick Combinations You Must Try Put some spring on your face.
MAC Swears New 'Vibe Tribe' Collection Wasn't Inspired By Native Americans, Internet Scoffs We don't even know what to say here.
Tilda Swinton, Is That A Jacket Or A Dress? Inquiring minds need to know.
How To Dress For A Full Workweek Without Ever Wearing A Tie Free the neck.
How To Score The Cheap Clothes Celebrities Wore To Coachella Apparently festival wear isn't all that expensive.
Customizable Tights Provide A New Way To Stand Out At The Gym But they will cost you.
MAC's New Troll Dolls Collection Is Equal Parts Neon And Nostalgia Hold on to your Lisa Frank backpacks, people.
You're Desperately Going To Want To Wear A Skinny Scarf This Summer Just trust us here.
Kourtney Kardashian Totally Understands The Petite Clothes Thing Bible.
MTV Awards Gifting Suites 2016 
William And Kate Lovingly Recreate Princess Diana\u2019s Iconic Taj Mahal Photo All the feels.
Maybelline's Newest Brand Ambassador Has Plans To Change The Fashion Industry Tanzanian-Canadian model Herieth Paul is ready to make waves.
W's Editor-In-Chief Shares The Key To Getting A Job In Fashion If you're going to take anyone's advice, it should be Stefano Tonchi's.
The Fashion Trend Victoria Beckham FINALLY Adopted (And You Will, Too) It's about time.
7 Easy Ways To Make Your Hair Color Last Longer Stretch your dollars with these simple hair color maintenance tips.
Why This Fierce Model Is OK With Being Called Fat \Why is it such a bad word? 'How dare you be fat and happy?'\
How To Get The Most Popular Spring Shoes For Under $100 We did all the heavy lifting here.
Willow Smith Nails The Origins Of Great Style \It\u2019s really all about emulating the colors you feel inside.\
Kylie Jenner Tells Marie Claire She 'Started Wigs' \I just do whatever I want to do, and people will follow.\u201d
This Classic Beauty Product Just Got A Major Makeover These lip oils aren't like the ones you used to collect as a child.
Women Tell Men Everything They Need To Know About Pedicures Show this to the men in your life.
Michelle Phan's Top 10 Must-See Makeup Transformation Videos Phan's jaw-dropping tutorials embody the power of makeup.
Succulent Jewelry Is A Fashion Trend That Has Gone Way Too Far Just stop.
The Most Memorable Looks From The 2016 MTV Movie Awards Red Carpet From sexy LBDs to statement-making jumpsuits, the red carpet style is sheer excellence.
Kendall Jenner And Her Shoes Had A Rough Night At The MTV Movie Awards Those lace-up shoes are just as difficult as they look.
Celebrities Are Loving Forever21 On Our Cheap Celeb Finds List Those prices though.
Ashley Greene's Red Lipstick Heats Up Our Best Beauty List Muy caliente!
How To Get Kendall Jenner's $8,000 Outfit For Under $200 Here's how you can save $8,420.
The Real Story On How Trench Coats Got Their Name Bet you never knew how Burberry struck gold.
Olivia Wilde Is Becoming A Big Proponent For Conscious Clothing, Naps And Baths \ud83c\udf77 + \ud83d\udec0 = \ud83c\udffd\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffc
5 Spring Trends You Can Scoop Up For Under $100 Saving money never looked so good.
Taylor Swift And Selena Gomez Match At The iHeartRadio Music Awards \ud83d\udc6f
Jessica Simpson Just Emerged From Hiding On Our Cheap Celeb Finds List The search is over.
These Food-Inspired Bow Ties Will Make You The 'Taco' The Town You'll look scrumptious.
Beyonc\u00e9 Covers Elle's Women In Music Issue In Ivy Park Bathing Suit The Queen is here.
Cameron Diaz Is The Epitome Of No Makeup Goals She woke up like this.
These Dog Models Might Be The Best Thing About American Apparel Who wore it better?
Your Skincare Routine Needs Spring Cleaning, Too Out with the heavy face creams and in with the lightweight moisturizers.
11 Times The Olsen Twins Dressed In A Shambles And Still Looked Better Than You This may be one of the great mysteries of the universe.
Spray-On Nail Polish Is Perfect For People Who Can't Paint Their Own Nails Catering to klutzes everywhere.
The Obamas Play The Roles Of Mom And Dad Perfectly At The Easter Egg Roll The duo is looking more like America's parents than ever.
There's No Shortage Of Bronzer On This Week's Best Beauty List Oh, she glows!
Pretty Much Every Celebrity At This Party Wore The Same Dress \u00af\\_(\u30c4)_/\u00af
3 Spring Fashion Trends To Buy, And 3 To Skip So many clothes, so little time.
Cate Blanchett Now Has Pink Hair, In Case You Didn't Notice \We've been talking about doing it for a while.\
We're So *Down* With These Suits Made Out Of Duvets Get it?
Why You Need A Lightweight Puffer Jacket This Spring It's almost TOO practical.
Kendall Jenner Rides A Horse In Her Underwear To Promote Her Brand, Because Of Course Ride, Sally, ride.
The Best Clothes For The Man-Child In Your Life Learn how to break all the rules.
Giorgio Armani Goes Fur-Free Furreal!
Reese Witherspoon's 14 Best Red Carpet Dresses Of All Time Remember that iconic black and white dress she wore with the high ponytail to the 2011 Oscars? Stunning.
6 Wardrobe Staples That Have Kim Kardashian Written All Over Them You don't need a Kardashian bank account to look like a Kardashian.
The Biggest Mistake You're Making When Removing Makeup More motivation to take off ALL of your makeup before hitting the sheets.
The Expert Opinion On Whether You Should You Sleep In A Bra You've got questions, we've got answers.
Kendall Jenner Just Made Express Cool Again On Our Cheap Celeb Finds List It's time to save some $money$.
Tips to Help Honest People Navigate Online Dating If you're over a certain age, you're usually between old school and new school when it comes to online dating.
Getting Educated In Style Ready to get your style education on? Check out the Parsons x Teen Vogue program to learn everything you want to know about the business of fashion from Parsons elite faculty and the leading fashion experts.
Never In A Million Years? 
Kylie Jenner's First Dye Job Was Adorably Amateur What a long, long way we've come.
Heidi Klum Stuns In A Sheer Black Dress One word
Eat Your Heart Out, Marty McFly The Nike HyperAdapt 1.0 will go on sale at the end of the year.
Kendall Jenner, WHAT Is On Your Legs?!? Another day, another crazy outfit.
6 Miracle Workers For Your Wardrobe (And They're Under $20) Game. Changers.
These Self-Heating Coats Will Warm Your Ice-Cold Heart They're hot (in more ways than one).
President Obama's Body Image Comments Will Melt Your Heart D'awwwwwwwww.
Olivia Palermo Can Wear Sweats And STILL Make The Best-Dressed List OK, now we're listening.
Caitlyn Jenner Is The New Face Of H&M Sport Move over, Kendall! There's another Jenner in fashion-town.
Locally Made And Globally Sourced, Cienne Found The Perfect Business Model This fashion label has got it figured out.
Go Ahead, Wear Your Pajama Top In Public We're serious. It's a legitimate trend.
Why Gwyneth Paltrow 'Would Never Want To Go Back In Time' \I so value the life experience under my belt and my wrinkles come with that.\
Rihanna Nails '90s Fashion From Head To Toe At Lakers Game This is not an easy look to pull off.
5 Spring 2016 Beauty Runway Trends You'll Actually Want To Wear And they're actually easy to recreate.
The Fool-Proof Product Every Man Needs To Groom His Eyebrows Guys, this goes for you, too!
Bad Beard Days Happen, So Here's How To Handle Them Keep your whiskers soft and clean.
Ciara's Grown-Up Crown Braid Tops This Week's Best Beauty List We'll never grow tired of wearing braids.
11 Times We Were All These Miserable Men Shopping No. 8
Kate Winslet Is The Slickest Star On The 2016 Oscars Red Carpet Well hello there, Rose.
How Brie Larson Won The Oscars TWICE \ud83d\ude45\ud83d\udc60
Kevin Hart Wore 'All Black For A Reason' At The Oscars His tux may be bedazzled, but it's making a point.
Tina Fey And Reese Witherspoon Take Twinning To A New Level In Purple Oscar Dresses What does Amy Poehler have to say about this?
23 Times Rebel Wilson Inspired Us By Being Fly As Hell Rebel rebel.
Taylor Swift Took Her Bob And A Plunging Neckline Out On The Town After The Oscars Good friends and sexy dresses never go out of Style.
10 Killer Sneakers That'll Actually Make You WANT To Work Out \ud83c\udfc3\ud83c\udfc3\ud83c\udfc3\ud83c\udfc3
Who's That Woman Dressed Like Bowie At The Oscars? Introducing, Sandy Powell. Star(wo)man!
Eddie Redmayne Is As Smooth As Velvet At The 2016 Oscars Once again, he shows American guys how to dress for an occasion.
Alicia Vikander's Oscars Dress Takes A Cue From 'Beauty And The Beast' She's a total princess.
Oscars 2016 Red Carpet \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d
2016 Oscar Gift Lounges and Gift Bags 
Shea Butter Is The Beauty Product You Can Use For Just About Anything Time to save some money!
7 Times Gigi Hadid Made It Easy (And Affordable) To Copy Her Style BRB, buying everything.
Dramatic Lipstick Colors Are The Big Trend On This Week's Best Beauty List And we're not talking the same old red lip.
This 3-Year-Old Style Crush Has A Man Bun. That's All. Swoon.
These Oscar Nominees And Presenters Sure Have Changed Over The Years Why not have fun with your hair and makeup?
Moschino Sends A Model Down The Runway Wearing An Actual Chandelier Or a lesson in how to dress from Beauty And The Beast.
This Dad Just Proved A Sexist Double Standard Without Saying A Word Well done. \ud83d\udc4f
Kim Kardashian Channels Cruella De Vil, Plus More Outrageous Looks Of The Month We're having Disney flashbacks!
20 Bobby Pin Hacks That'll Make Your Life A Whole Lot Easier Minds. Blown.
Miss Piggy Schools Us On The Art Of Taking Selfies (And Just About Everything Else) \ud83d\udc84\ud83d\udc37
11 Ways To Feel Beautiful That Will Cost Absolutely Nothing Total
Here's How You Can Be Inducted Into The Mustache Hall Of Fame Your mustache deserves to be recognized.
MAC Model Has Flawless Response To Racist Losers Aamito Lagum has no time for the haters.
Andreja Pejic's First Post-Transition Magazine Cover Is Stunning Of course it is.
Nanette Lepore Hosted The Most Fun Show Of New York Fashion Week Champagne, tea and fashion FTW.
Hillary Clinton Appeals To The Fashion Crowd With Chic Campaign Shirts Support, in style.
Lady Gaga Closes Out New York Fashion Week With A Major Cameo And it was met with loads of applause, applause, applause.
Teresa Giudice Looks Better Than Ever In A Cut-Out Dress Major congrats are in order for the reality star.
The Color Purple Is Climbing In Popularity On This Week's Best Beauty List Purple reign!
This Adorable 4th Grader Is The Best Thing About Fashion Week \Can you spell Proenza Schouler?\
Lena Dunham Does Nudity In A Whole New Way On The Cover Of Paper Mag Babe alert.
How To Get Rid Of Dry Skin And Maintain Soft Hands All Winter No more hiding your weathered hands in shame.
Taylor Swift Has So Many Grammys, She's Turning Into One We can think of worse things.
Justin Bieber Is Upstaged By His Adorable Little Brother At The Grammys It's getting easier and easier to forgive you, Biebs.
Hollywood's Leading Ladies Bring Major Glam To The 2016 BAFTAs We're looking at you, Cate Blanchett.
6 Reasons Amber Riley Is A Curvy Style Icon And a role model for ALL women.
14 Items In Your Bathroom That Have Probably Already Expired \ud83c\udfb6 Let it go! \ud83c\udfb6
Pregnant Chrissy Teigen Is A Real-Life Mermaid In This Form-Fitting Gown \u266c \Under the sea, under the sea.\ \u266c
Why The Fashion Industry Should Embrace Women With Curls \It is so refreshing to see stylists not fight against a model's natural texture.\
Sports Illustrated Just Made History By Putting A Plus-Size Model On Its Cover Wow. Just, wow.
Pyer Moss Puts On Yet Another Powerful Fashion Show, This Time Tackling Mental Health And Depression Double bind.
Models Show Their Frugal Side On This Week's Cheap Celeb Finds List Save that \ud83d\udcb0
Celebs Do Rock And Roll Chic On This Week's Best Beauty List Smoky eye makeup FTW!
This Awesome Playlist Will Get You Ready To Step Out In Style \ud83c\udfb6
These Grammy Nominees Prove Less Is More When It Comes To Makeup Looking good, ladies!
Looks Like Kim Kardashian Went Blonde Again The Internet is wigging out, and for good reason.
The Best Facial Oils Under $30, And Why You Should Use Them Yet another way to get gorgeous glowing skin.
There Was An Epic Walk-Off At The 'Zoolander 2' Premiere Of course there was.
7 Bedtime Beauty Treatments To Ease Into A Good Night's Sleep Too stressed to sleep? Try these tricks.
Jennifer Aniston's Style Evolution Proves That She LOVES An LBD Hey, if it ain't broke.
How To Cover A Pimple With Makeup Without Anyone Noticing Poof, be gone!
James Corden Steals Cindy Crawford's Spotlight In This Pepsi Ad Parody \Is that a great new Pepsi can or what?\
Kourtney Kardashian's American Apparel Shirt Tops Our Cheap Celeb Finds List Kourtney loves a deal as much as we do.
Beauty And The Feet Here's to putting your best foot forward.
MAC Picks 4 Unexpected Faces For Its New 'Future Forward' Collection It's all about emerging stars this time.
These Stars Prove Dark '90s Lipstick Is Eternally Cool This makeup look isn't for wallflowers.
Honey Blonde Celebs Rule This Week's Best Beauty List Blonde hair don't care.
Football Players Attempting To Do Their Daughters' Hair Is The Best Turns out giving your daughter a twist is tougher than a tackle.
This Stylish Kid Will Teach You How To Wear A Suit Too. Much. Cuteness.
Kaia Gerber, Cindy Crawford's Daughter, Lands Major Fashion Campaign \ud83d\udcf7\ud83d\udc8b\u200d
Our Daily Guide To The #30Up Look Good, Feel Good Challenge ICYMI
Some Ground Rules For How To Look Chic In Mom Pants SNL taught us a thing or two.
Here Are The Best Dressed Men At The 2016 SAG Awards We salute you.
The 2016  SAG Awards Best-Dressed List Is Making Us Feel All The Feels S.T.U.N.N.I.N.G.
Brie Larson's SAG Awards Dress Is Baby Blue And Beyond Beautiful Another win.
Carol Burnett Wore Uggs On The 2016 SAG Awards Red Carpet Yes, Queen.
Susan Sarandon Makes A Case For Bras On The Red Carpet WOW.
Nicole Kidman's SAG Awards Dress Makes The Night A Little Less Boring You glow girl!
Helen Mirren's SAG Awards Dress Is Absolutely Regal Bow down.
Kaley Cuoco Makes A Big Bang At The SAG Awards In A Cutout Dress Wowza.
LOL At Justin Timberlake's Style Over The Years \ud83d\udc4b \ud83d\udc4b \ud83d\udc4b
Emma Roberts Wears A $12 Dress, Becomes More Relatable Looks like the actress loves Forever21 as much as we do.
The SAG Awards Red Carpet 2016 #Fashun
Over Time, These SAG Nominees Have Only Improved With Age BEAUTIFUL.
Olivia Palermo Proves You Don't Have To Dress Sexy To Be Stylish This lady does it again.
Multi-Masking Makes You Look Ridiculous, But Gives You Seriously Great Skin Worth it.
Kate Moss' Little Sister Goes Full 'Gossip Girl' In The New Botkier Campaign \XOXO.\
Hair Masks Are Your Ticket To Stress-Free Tresses Woosa!
Justin Bieber, Kendall Jenner And More Strip Down For New Calvin Klein Ads It could make a Belieber out of just about anybody.
OMG, Duchess Kate's Hairdresser Is Bringing His Product To The U.S. And it's affordable!
Chrissy Teigen Feels No Cold, Wears A Revealing Dress In The Dead Of Winter Snow? What snow?
How Statement Earrings Can Help Big Ears Look Smaller Listen up!
Thom Browne Just Made Face Hats Happen At Paris Fashion Week Talk to the hat.
15 Thoughts Every Woman Has Getting Dressed In The Winter Purse strap won't fit over bulky coat \ud83d\ude22
Jessica Biel Is A Babe In A $63 Dress On Our Cheap Celeb Finds List Yes, please!
Hilary Duff Critiques Her 'Horrific' Outfits From The Early 2000s \I definitely did not have a stylist.\
Chloe Moretz Makes A Case For The Power Suit On The Best-Dressed List #BossLady
The Best Men's Style To Pin Now, And Show Your Boyfriend Later *hint, hint*
Should I Wear Sweatpants Today? An Important Style Flowchart Long live the elastic waistband!
12 Style Finds With Your Name All Over Them. Literally. This is how you own your style.
Nike's Black History Month Collection Is Exactly What We Needed To See You're gonna want these Jordans.
Grace Coddington Is Stepping Down At Vogue. Here's Why That's A Big Deal \ud83d\udc96 \ud83d\udc96 \ud83d\udc96 \ud83d\udc96 \ud83d\udc96 \ud83d\udc96 \ud83d\udc96
Proof That Monochromatic Outfits Will Always Make You Look Pulled Together Just try it.
10 Stunning Looks From The Most Stylish Critics' Choice Awards Yet A round of applause for Jacob Tremblay.
Bryce Dallas Howard's Critics Choice Dress Is Another Store-Bought Stunner And it's still available in stores!
Michelle Obama's 52 Best Looks Of All Time Damn.
Derek Zoolander Is Vogue's 'Ridiculously Good Looking' February Cover Star But how does Hansel feel about this?
Celebrities Break All The Winter Rules On This Week's Best Beauty List It sure is a refreshing departure from red lipstick.
Axe Wants To Shed Its Douchey Reputation And Empower Men Goodbye, \Axe effect.\
Olivia Munn Looks Hot As Hell In Ann Taylor On Our Cheap Celeb Finds List Ann Taylor, FTW.
Khloe Kardashian's Racy Skintight Catsuit Is Her Best Look Yet Meow.
Why Every Man Should Try To Be More Like Idris Elba How to look like UK's biggest style icon.
Kim Kardashian Is A Natural Beauty In This Racy Swimsuit Shoot HOT mama.
This 'El Chapo' Shirt Craze Needs To Stop Don't be \that guy.\
Meet Edith Childs, The State Of The Union's Real Style Star Sparkly pillbox hats FTW.
Cate Blanchett Brings Her Own Unique Glamour To The Golden Globes Once a stunner, always a stunner.
Amy Schumer's Golden Globes Dress Is Positively Ladylike DAMN.
Denis O'Hare's Golden Globes Platform Heels Give Us Life If only we could pull off towering shoes like this!
Whitney Port Wore A Sheer Fishnet Dress To The Golden Globes Well, this is different.
The Golden Globes Best-Dressed List Is Absolutely Jaw-Dropping These stars got it right.
The Golden Globes Red Carpet 2016 It's a big night for fashion.
Golden Globes Gift Lounges 2016 With the Golden Globes taking place Sunday, January 10th, nominees, presenters and other A-list talent had a chance to attend gift lounges around Los Angeles where they received everything from clothes to beauty products to trips.
The Stars Bundle Up In Style On Our Cheap Celebrity Finds List And a few others are ... not so bundled up.
This Golden Globes Party May Have Had Better Fashion Than The Show Itself Three more days!
Dolce & Gabbana Launched A Line Of Hijabs And Abayas, But Something's Off Hmmm.
Kendall Jenner Is The Spitting Image Of Mom Kris In This Wacky New Shoot Wowza.
The Best Braided Pigtails On Pinterest, Inspired By Kim K. And North West Fresher than ever and forever a classic.
Meet Axel, Old Spice's Ridiculous New Whale-Riding Stuntman \A global renaissance man who has more than his fair share of good looks and amazing stories of personal adventure and achievement.\
11 Times Politicians Dressed Worse Than Marco Rubio (And Those BOOTS) In defense of Marco's \rubi-o slippers.\
29 Fashion Moments That Have The Power To Induce Pure Happiness 50 percent off sale = Immense joy
Lupita Nyong'o Is 'Baywatch' Chic In A Red One-Piece Swimsuit More like bae-watch, amiright?
Caitlyn Jenner Rocks A Sexy Lace Jumpsuit \ud83d\ude4c\ud83d\ude4c\ud83d\ude4c\ud83d\ude4c\ud83d\ude4c\ud83d\ude4c
Marc Jacobs Recreates THAT Scene From Zoolander He is so hot right now.
The 7 Hair Products You Need For A Fantastic At-Home Blowout Shh! We won't tell your stylist.
Lily-Rose Depp Gets Her First Cover, Appearing On Love Magazine What a great start to the year!
Turns Out Dressing Like Gigi Hadid Is Cheaper Than You'd Think All it takes is a bomber jacket and a little confidence.
New Year's Dinner at The World's Best Restaurant Last night, Lisa and I ate a special New Year's Eve dinner at Noma, reputed to be the 'World's Best Restaurant' for an astonishing four years in a row. Well, it was.... perhaps the best word is.. unique.
How To Remove Glitter Makeup Without Wrecking Your Skin Those shiny disco ball jokes stop here!
This Pasta Purse Lets You Take Your Love Of Carbs On The Go \ud83c\udf5d Holy macaroni. \ud83c\udf5d
Kanye West Is GQ's Most Stylish Man Of The Year. Here's Why. It's more of a Kimye victory, really.
The 14 New Style Stars Who Will Light Up The Red Carpet In 2016 Get ready for some major girl crushes!
Jeb Bush, Selfie Master, Teaches 'Selfie Training' Class The six selfie commandments in the book of Jeb.
7 Fashion And Beauty New Year's Resolutions To Add To Your List Set some very reachable goals this year.
New Year's Eve Outfit Ideas That Won't Make You Look Like A Disco Ball How to be festive without all the flash.
Everlane Sale Gives Customers The Option To Pay What They Want But there's an eye-opening catch.
Kim Kardashian's 11 Best Outfits Of 2015 Merry Kim-Mas!
Kourtney Kardashian's Three Best Outfits Of 2015 \u00af\\_(\u30c4)_/\u00af.
Plus-Size Model Ashley Graham Lands A Spot On ABC's 'The Year' So well deserved!
Let's Say Our Goodbyes To These Terrible Beauty Trends Of 2015 Drop the glitter, people.
The Beauty Moments From 2015 That We Are Still Freaking Out About O.M.G.
Adam Levine Goes Platinum Blond (Again) Moves like Jagger, hair like Eminem.
Here's How To Drink Champagne Without Messing Up Your Lipstick Thank us later.
2015's Model Of The Year Isn't Gigi Or Kendall They were still pretty close to the top.
19 Times Shorter Was Way Better Bring on the winter solstice!
19 Reasons Lupita Nyong'o Is The Best-Dressed Star Of 2015 Can't stop. Won't stop.
Miss Iraq Pageant Winner Crowned For First Time In More Than 40 Years Shaima Qassim, a 20-year-old economics student, overcame death threats -- and more than 100 other candidates -- for Saturday's crown.
11 Cheap Beauty Gifts That Come Straight From The Drugstore Because you're lazy.
Olivia Wilde Is Loving The Gap On Our Cheap Celebrity Finds List $49 sweaters? Don't mind if we do.
13 Stunning Celebrity Makeup Looks Any Brown-Eyed Girl Can Copy Cue the Van Morrison. \ud83c\udfb6
Miss Spain Crowned Miss World 2015 (PHOTOS) Congratulations, Mireia Lalaguna Royo!
The 11 Most Outrageous Celebrity Outfits Of 2015 \ud83d\ude2e \ud83d\ude31
This Week's Best Beauty Looks All Channel Princess Leia, Obviously See, Leia does hold the force.
Lupita Nyong'o's Latest Red Carpet Look Is Truly Out Of This World Is that... blue lipstick?
HuffPosters Around The World 'Sleep Their Way To The Top' In Holiday PJs! Happy holidays!
Pregnant Chrissy Teigen Rocks Leather On A Date With John Legend What a babe.
How Two Harvard Grads Made It Possible To Rent The Runway You're going to want to take notes.
11 Style Tips For Guys Meeting The Parents This Holiday #1
No One Knew The First Black Trans Model's Secret, Until They Did Tracey \u201cAfrica\u201d Norman always knew that the question wasn\u2019t if she\u2019d be found out, but how long she could go undetected.
David's Bridal Casts A Plus-Size Model In Stunning New Campaign \We recognize that our customers are all different sizes and silhouettes.\
Warm Temperatures Bring Hot Deals On Winter Gear Get these hot deals before it's cold!
Adele Debuts A Short New Haircut Hello, is that you?
Indulgent Gifts for Your Green Beauty Queen She eats organic. She composts. She buys her beauty products at Whole Foods and Farmers Markets (and of course the occasional lavish spa).  Impress the hell out of her this holiday season by purchasing one of these sumptuous non-toxic beauty gifts:
Miranda Kerr's Leggings Top This Week's Best Cheap Celeb Finds We never thought we'd see the day.
You're Applying Your Perfume Wrong. We're Here To Help. Stop rubbing your wrists together!
Fashion Design Student Turns To Kickstarter To Fund Senior Thesis The struggle is real.
Jimmy Fallon's Late-'90s Style Icon Was A Woman It was a simpler time.
How To Dress Up For The Holidays With Stuff You Already Own \ud83c\udf84\ud83d\udc83\ud83c\udf84
Kylie Jenner's Peanut Butter Shirt Tops Our Cheap Celeb Finds PB&J fo lyfe.
9 Whiskey-Lover Gifts That You Haven't Seen A Million Times Aged whiskey + new gift ideas = \ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f
Everyone Is Wearing Face Sheet Masks, And So Should You A scary-looking way to better the appearance of your complexion.
Tyra Banks Seriously Only EVER Wears One Sleeve We can't blame her.
Side-Swept Hair Is The 'It' Style On This Week's Best Beauty List \To the left, to the left.\ \ud83c\udfb6
Amal Clooney's Silver Crop Top Is Holiday Party Perfection This is not your average December look.
3 Easy Celebrity Looks To Copy For Every Type Of Holiday Party \ud83c\udf89\ud83c\udf78\ud83c\udf81
Chrissy Teigen Knows What We Want, Keeps Giving It To Us There it is (again)!
Lupita Nyong'o Lights Up The Red Carpet In Flashing LED Dress The force is strong with this dress.
The Secret To Tights That Last All Winter As the weather chills, we're starting to wear tights nearly every day under skirts and dresses.
Hair Salon's 'Quiet Chair' Is A Dream For Haters Of Smalltalk Introverts welcome. \ud83d\udc87
Tina Fey And Amy Poehler Cover Glamour Magazine Together Because of course.
8 Skincare Products Every Man Needs To Survive Winter Get yourself some lip balm because chapped lips are a turn-off.
Justin Bieber Has 3 Go-To Poses And They're All Surprisingly Amazing Hey, if it ain't broke...
Caitlyn and Kylie Jenner Both Rock New Hairdos And White Outfits Gorgeous!
How To Dress Like An NFL Superfan And Still Look Good \You want to be proud, but not overly loud.\
Royal Family Releases Adorable New Photos Of Princess Charlotte The images were taken by her mom, Duchess Kate.
Struggle With Thin Edges? Here Are 6 Tips To Maintain Your Hairline Repeat after us
Celebrities Rocking Top Knots On This Week's Best Beauty List If Kendall is wearing it, then EVERYONE will be wearing it.
Chrissy Teigen's Style Has Gone From Good To Great Once a babe, always a babe.
The 12 Craziest Outfits Celebrities Wore In November To each her own.
Chrissy Teigen Blesses Us With Two New Maternity Looks \ud83d\ude4c\ud83d\ude4c\ud83d\ude4c\ud83d\ude4c\ud83d\ude4c\ud83d\ude4c
Nick Jonas' Turtleneck Wins The American Music Awards Red Carpet Isn't it a little hot in Los Angeles for this?
Kylie And Kendall Jenner Rock Revealing Looks At The AMAs Leather, chains and top knots! Oh my!
Gigi Hadid Slips Into Something Sexy For An AMAs After-Party If you've got it, flaunt it.
The Sephora Holiday 2015 Sets You Need To Buy Before They Sell Out You snooze, you lose.
Justin Bieber Wore A Nirvana Shirt And People Got Really Pissed Off Smells like mean spirit, Nirvana fans.
Gigi Hadid Sports A Faux Bob At The American Music Awards \You can check back tomorrow to see if I still have short hair.\
Selena Gomez's AMAs Dress Is Very Sexy No surprises here.
Emma Roberts' $70 Skirt And More Cheap Celebrity Finds Of The Week Thanksgiving deals came early.
The Truth About Dark Circles And How To Deal With Them Let's put tired-looking eyes to bed for good.
The Holidays Could Make You Bald. Here's What You Need To Know. Just because you'll survive the holidays doesn't mean your hair will.
5 Clever Fashion Hacks Straight From Your Kitchen Yet, another reason to always have a bottle of vodka.
The Laundry List Lifestyle links to catch up on during the dryer cycle.
7 Reasons Wearing Pants Is The 'Absolute Worst' \Thighs need freedom.\
8 Brilliant Outfit Ideas For Thanksgiving Dinner Jeans = rookie move.
Kendall Jenner Is 'Wonder'-fully Blonde In Vogue Taking a page out of Kylie's book, are we?
You Will Lose Your Mind Over This Italian Labyrinth By Amalia Zordan Some people pay tribute to a friend by dedicating a painting to him. Others a book. And then there are those
Pregnant Chrissy Teigen Rocks A Form-Fitting Gray Dress Oh, baby!
These Photos Show The Beautiful Side Of Being 'Marooned' Photographer finds inspiration from a normally maddening scenario.
Stop The Presses, Olivia Palermo Just Wore Something Affordable Two words
The Best Concealers That Haven't Failed Us Yet Meet the real MVP of our makeup bags.
Gigi Hadid Channels A Beloved Character From 'Grease.' Again. \Look at meeee, I'm Gigiiiii.\
The Laundry List Lifestyle links to catch up on during the dryer cycle.
Hannah Davis' '60s Hairstyle Tops Our Best Beauty List This Week How groovy?
Selena Gomez Isn't Afraid Of A HIGH Slit On Our Best-Dressed List Bow. Down.
Nordstrom Removes Offensive Hanukkah Sweater From Online Store \We\u2019re terribly sorry for offending people and sincerely apologize.\
Drop Everything OMG. OMG. OMG.
The Most Delicious Meals You Can Make With Grapes BAKED GRAPES WITH A SPICED CRUMBLE (Serves six) 300 g (10.5 oz) large purple and green grapes, 2 tbsp agave syrup (or acacia
This Video Proves That Anyone Can Wear Dark Lipstick No matter your skin tone!
Mango Is The Lesser-Known Version Of All Your Favorite Stores For when you're sick of seeing yourself coming and going.
Bill Nye Wants You To 'Transmit' Your Personality With A Bow Tie Bill Nye the ... bow tie guy?
Kendall Jenner Takes High-Low To A New Level This Week She spent 34 times as much on her sweats as she did on her top.
The 10 Best New Products For Grooming Your Eyebrows From long-lasting brow gels to professional stencils.
The Laundry List Lifestyle links to catch up on during the dryer cycle.
Angelina Jolie And Brad Pitt Give Off Major Wedding Vibes Here comes the ... wait a minute.
Jared Leto's Pink Hair Streaks Top Our Best Beauty List This Week SWOON.
Classic Italian Recipes From A New Italian Restaurant B.B. BURGER Bread 180 g (6.5 oz) beef round 25 g smoked Patanegra bacon 4 g (1 tsp) paprika 80 g (2.8 oz) taleggio cheese
The Inspiring Way Tyra Banks Let Her Haters Be Her Motivators PREACH.
Here's Where You Can Find Paradise In Italy By Luisa Taliento RONCIGLIONE
What You Should Buy Your 'Basic' Friend, According To Pinterest The Internet proves that there's no shame in being basic.
Everything You Need To Know About Winter Skin Care Use this handy guide to keep your skin moisturized all winter long.
The Ultimate Italian Yoga Retreats And Vacations By Ileana Franceschi A secret to test how serious the offer is
The 10 Best Face Moisturizers For $30 Or Less These picks prove it pays to stay hydrated. \ud83d\udca7
Kourtney, Kendall And Kylie REALLY Want You To Know They Love A Bargain \ud83d\ude01
5 Foolproof Outfits To Copy This Weekend You can be a street stylite too \ud83d\ude0e.
5 Makeup Looks For A Night Out That Don't Involve Red Lipstick BEA-U-TIFUL!
The Laundry List Lifestyle links to catch up on during the dryer cycle.
This Halloween Costume Would Make Karl Lagerfeld Proud \ud83d\udc81
Kendall Jenner Mostly Watches Other People Dance In The Balmain x H&M Video The full music video is finally here!
Here's Mark Ruffalo's Nipple. It's For A Good Cause, And It's Mark Ruffalo's Nipple. Just in the nip of time.
Italian Men Are All The Rage With American Celebrities By Sibilla Di Palma From Jessica Chastain to Zoe Saldana, from singer Lana Del Rey to \u201cmean girl\u201d Lindsay Lohan, Italians
The Fortress That Italian And International Jetsetters Must See By Amalia Zordan Michelangelo was one of its first illustrious visitors. He must have watched his block of marble from Carrara
A Step By Step To Vacationing In The Mountains By Maurizio Bono Reinhold Messner, the famous mountain climber and writer, already said it 20 years ago in a small manual
The Best Metallic Flats To Buy Now And Instantly Upgrade Your Look Hey there, twinkle toes!
A Retrospective Of Katy Perry's Rainbow Hair Through The Years In celebration of a diva's birthday.
7 Ways To Use Coconut Oil In Your Beauty Routine Next Week What can't this stuff do?
Christie Brinkley Proves Supermodels Are Just Like Us. Sort Of. \ud83d\udcb0C.R.E.A.M.\ud83d\udcb0
The Do's And Don'ts Of Rainy Day Dressing Suggestions for staying chic in a storm \u2614\ufe0f
Duchess Kate Hits Scotland In A Gorgeous Blue Coat When in Scotland, wear a Scottish designer.
How One Woman Used Silly Hats To Raise Some Serious Awareness Hats off to this hero.
This 3-Year-Old's Instagram Account Is Cuteness Overload Coachella goals.
Kardashians And Jenners Dominate This Week's Best-Dressed List Werk.
Italian Recipes That Are Oldies But Goodies Ingredients 400 g (14 oz) fresh tomatoes 200 g (7 oz) grilled seitan 1 handful parsley 250 g (9 oz) feta cheese 6 small zucchini
The Laundry List Lifestyle links to catch up on during the dryer cycle.
Caitlyn Jenner's Repeat Outfit Is Just As Lovely The 2nd Time LBDs FTW.
This Italian Home's Design Looks Wrong, But Is So Right By Laura Traldi, photos \u00a9Carola Ripamonti Just one look at this apartment in Turin, renovated by Andrea Marcante and Adelaide
How A Bottle Of Nail Polish Can Totally Update Your Old Jewelry The easiest way to get more bling in your life.
This Instagram Account Has All The Eyebrow Inspiration We Need Eyebrows on FLEEK!
'Every Body Has A Story' Celebrates Unconditional Self-Love \I'm not 'too' anything. 'Too' is a word that I don't need to use about my body anymore.\
Surprising Shiseido Ad Highlights Makeup's Transformative Power These schoolgirls aren't at all what they seem.
'5,000 Years Of Makeup' Proves Just How Far We've Come Thank goodness it's 2015. \ud83d\udc84\ud83d\udc8b
Here's What Happened When Judd Apatow Used Leslie Mann's Shampoo LOL.
Kendall Jenner Has Pink Hair In Vogue, And It Rocks We are *tickled* over this look.
These Italian Secret Islands Should Be Your Next Vacation By Luisa Taliento Sometimes it's better to leave exotic holidays for another time. There are times when Italians just want
Take A Look At Warby Parker's Newest Line Of Sunglasses \ud83d\ude0e
A Look Inside The Life Of The Woman Behind Marni By Serena Tibaldi \u00a0The passengers on the motorboat are furiously snapping pictures with their smartphones as the Rialto Bridge
How To Wear A Grandpa Sweater Without Looking Like A Grandpa \ud83d\udc74
Wow, Selena Gomez Can Make A $69 H&M Coat Look Goooooood Teach us your ways, Gomez.
Daniel Bohbot's Hale Bob Collection Elevates LA Fashion Week Daniel Bohbot premiered his Hale Bob 2016 spring/summer collection earning rave reviews in what is earning its place as a fashion capital -- Los Angeles. This season's prints were based on everything from Moroccan tiles, jungle leaves, and ornamental\u00a0medallions.
These Secret Italian Film Sets Are Nothing Short Of Magic PARRANO. THE MONASTIC PEACE OF UMBRIA English-speakers call them peace centers. Places where nature has been particularly
Amanda Seyfried Shows How It's Done On The Best-Dressed List Bow down.
This Gorgeous Italian Home Is A Rural And Modern Dream By Laura Traldi An old \u201ctrullo\u201d hidden in an olive grove.The task of the Milanese architect Francesca Ciotti in Locorotondo
This Intricate-Looking Braided Bun Is Actually Super Easy If you can do a simple braid, you can do this.
Hot Topic's 'Nightmare Before Christmas' Line Is So Cute, It's Scary Just in time for the holiday season!
A-Z Guide Of New Beauty Trends It seems like just about everyone has caught on to the smokey eye, but you'll be a trendsetter when if you become the first
Between The Catwalk And The Consumer LONDON, United Kingdom\u00a0\u2014 Bethann Hardison remembers the days when, before every New York Fashion Week, \u201cCasting directors
Men Get Bikini Waxes, And It's A Whole New World \I think it's necessary for guys to realize what we go through.\
How To Get Away With Wearing With A Crop Top In The Fall Just say yes to midriff.
12 Style Icons Who Ditched Heels For Flats And Still Looked Chic Proof that happy feet are fashionable too.
ModCloth Drops Plus-Size Category, Makes All Clothes Equal But it's not what you think.
32 Throwback Halloween Costumes That Totally Deserve Another Run Bring on the '90s!
Kendall Jenner Just Made An Inexpensive Top Look Like Couture Teach us your ways.
Khlo\u00e9 Kardashian Reveals The Secret To Her Ultimate Workout Unlock her world of fitness.
#IAmNotAFruit Promotes Women Wearing Whatever The Hell They Want Apples, pears, bananas, oh my.
Watch Out, Sephora. H&M Beauty Is Coming For You. The retailer has launched over 700 beauty products. We repeat, 700!
15 Halloween Makeup YouTube Tutorials To Die For Ghoulishly gorgeous.
Bar Refaeli Tied The Knot In A Sheer, Dreamy Designer Gown Of course she did.
Selena Gomez Wears PJs 24/7, Topping September's Craziest Outfits She looks... cozy?
Mariah Carey Fans Can Now Freak Out Over Her New MAC Lipstick Dreamlover come rescue me.
These Are The Only 5 Shoes You Need In Your Closet This Fall It's never been so easy to be so chic.
Man Buns Are Outlawed From BYU Campus For Being Too 'Extreme' And it makes us wonder
Michelle Obama Wows In Black Vera Wang Dress At State Dinner Isn't she lovely?
Lupita Gives Us Heart Palpitations On Our Best-Dressed List 
The First H&M x Balmain Campaign Images Are Finally Here CAN. NOT. WAIT.
How To Tie A Tie The Windsor, four-in-hand and bow tie, in six steps or less.
Miley Cyrus Under Fire In The UK For 'Sexually Suggestive' MAC Ad What do you think?
Bottle-Opening, Screwdriving Hair Clip Is Better Than A Handyman It can file your nails, too!
Naomi Campbell Shows The Emmys Red Carpet How It's Done Va-va voom.
Amy Poehler Rocks Cutouts And Ombr\u00e9 Hair At The Emmys Yes, yes and more yes.
Taraji P. Henson Wows In Alexander Wang At The Emmys. Natch. Lookin' good, Cookie!
Claire Danes' Emmys Dress Is Purple Prada Perfection No Barney jokes here!
Uzo Aduba's Emmys Dress Is A Work Of Art Stunning.
Heidi Klum Rocks A Sheer Gown That Only A Supermodel Can Pull Off Supermodel status.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus' Emmys Dress Is A One-Shouldered Wonder We're calling this a presidential win.
The Bob Is The Hottest Hairstyle At The 2015 Emmys It's just too darn hot in L.A. for long hair.
Amy Schumer Lets Her Emmys Dress Speak For Itself This look is the opposite of a \Trainwreck.\
The Emmys 2015 Red Carpet Is Sizzling With Stunning Gowns The red carpet is red hot.
Christina Hendricks Steps Out In A Metallic Gown At 2015 Emmys Wow.
Why a Girl's Biggest Struggle With Beauty Will Always Be Makeup People in your life would be hard-pressed to ever see you without your face done up, because you live in constant fear of three phrases.
The Most Outrageous Styles We Saw At New York Fashion Week ...?
Sandra Bullock Makes Us Feel All The Feels On Our Best-Dressed List BABE ALERT.
Fashion Wants You To Put Some Pretty Weird Stuff On Your Face Coachella ain't over until fashion says it's over.
Carly Fiorina Wore High Heels For A 3-Hour Debate And Won. Obvi. 3 1/2 inches closer to the White House?
YouTube Star Bethany Mota On How Diversity Changes Beauty Trends It's \so much easier\ to be yourself now, Mota said.
Kylie Jenner's Crazy-Intricate Beauty Routine Costs $1,600 She pays how much? Kylie Jenner recently revealed her beauty routine to the New York Times, and while the individual items
Miss Georgia Betty Cantrell Wins Miss America Pageant ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. (AP) \u2014 Miss Georgia Betty Cantrell is the new Miss America, but her crowning moment was nearly overshadowed
Half-Assed Chignons Are The Laziest But Coolest Fashion Week Hairstyle Perfection is overrated.
Madeline Stuart, Model With Down Syndrome, Walks In New York Fashion Week YES.
The Fashion Week Trend You Can Wear Right Now Just cinch it.
Kylie Jenner Proves She's The Queen Of Cheap Clothing Finds A girl after our own heart.
Chromat Features Not 1, But 2 Plus-Size Models On Its Runway YAAAAAAS.
Leah Still Hits The NYFW Runway And Melts Our Hearts Adorable alert!
John Legend On Diversity In Fashion We're not all just ordinary people.
Fashion Has A Diversity Problem. We're Doing Something About It. Introducing #NYFW4All.
Kylie Jenner's Beauty Routine Is More Like Yours Than You Think Girl loves budget beauty.
Here's Who To Follow On Instagram For New York Fashion Week #NYFW4All
H&M Makes Recycling Look Pretty Badass In New Campaign The playful ad reveals the one fashion rule you should be following.
Vanessa Hudgens And Naomi Watts Shop At Forever21, Shock The World Rock Forever 21 but just turned 26.
Cousin Of The Hope Diamond Up For Auction Later This Month In London The stone is an \exceptional treasure of nature.\
Channel Your Inner Student With These Back-To-School Notebook Nails If you\u2019ve been looking for the perfect back-to-school or fall-themed manicure to add a little fun to your fingertips, this
L.L. Bean's Grandson And Company Leader, Leon Gorman, Dies At Age 80 He transformed the enterprise, volunteered quietly and loved the great outdoors.
Demi Lovato's Bronze Glow, And More Celebrity Beauty Looks We Love Radiant skin is where it's at.
Elle Fanning Shows Us Why She's On This Week's Best-Dressed List Damn, this 17-year-old has it down.
60 Real Women Front The Limited's 'New Look Of Leadership' Campaign This is pretty epic.
Summer Sale Clothes That Will Seamlessly Transition Into Fall Time to shop!
How To Keep Wearing Florals All Fall Like A Boss Stop and wear the flowers.
19 Times Zendaya's Hair And Makeup Left Us Speechless Do you, girl!
This Little Girl Will Totally Inspire Your Fall Wardrobe When a 3-year-old can teach you style lessons...
Kylie Jenner's Second VMAs Outfit Is Even Sexier Than Her First Who's surprised?
Kim Kardashian Brings Back Cargo Pockets At The 2015 VMAs That's one way to avoid carrying a purse.
Demi Lovato Stuns In A Pink Minidress At The VMAs Wowza.
Taylor Swift Hits The VMAs With Her Squad In A Sequined Crop Top Red carpet or runway?
Gigi Hadid Rocks Glorified Yellow Swimsuit At The VMAs And it looks awesome.
The VMAs 2015 Red Carpet Is Full Of Fashion Risks (LIVE UPDATES) Because obviously.
Kylie Jenner Wears Some Cheap Fashion Finds That You Can Afford Save your kash.
Jumpsuits Take Over This Week's Best-Dressed List We're jumping for joy (get it?).
These Harry Potter Lipsticks Are Nothing Short Of Magical They'll put a spell on you.
Nina Garcia Admits Fashion Industry Has A 'Huge' Race Problem The \Project Runway\ judge is \very optimistic\ about improving diversity.
One Big Thing You're Doing Wrong When Applying Fake Eyelashes Fake it until you make it.
These Little Girls Give The Most Adorably Candid Dating Advice Hilarity ensues.
3 Beauty And Style Hacks That Will Totally Save Your Look Please and thank you.
Basic Etiquette Questions No. 2 Number 2 on my list of \most asked\ etiquette questions includes both business and social quandaries and how to address them. Test yourself by going through this list
On This Week's Cheap Celeb Finds, Kylie Jenner Wears A $40 Bikini Top Yup, you heard us right.
On Our Best-Dressed List, Lupita Shows Us It's Easy Being Green Kermit, take note.
Meet Sparkle, The 2-Year-Old Who's Your Next Style Crush That awkward moment when a toddler has better clothes than you...
How You Can Score The 5 Biggest Fall Trends For Under $100 If you stick to our list, you'll have money leftover for your 401k.
Kourtney Kardashian's Bikini Look In St. Barts Is Super Chic Too. Kute.
Jennifer Hudson\u2019s New 'Do Makes Her Our Dreamgirl Short hair, don't care.
Melissa McCarthy \I find that very strange.\
Sarah Hyland Pulls A Taylor Swift On The Blue Carpet Matching separates and a red lip? Yes, please.
Bella Thorne Rocks Itsy-Bitsy Minidress At Teen Choice Awards The long and (very) short of it.
Fashion Director Axed For Saying Iconic Dress Isn't For Voluptous Women Or Lesbians \Lesbians would want to be rather butch and leisurely.\
Real and Simple No. 1 Oprah may have her list of favorite things, but I have my list of \most asked\ etiquette questions. If you want to be in the know, or simply want to know the right thing to say or do in different situations, life just got that much easier.
On This Week's Cheap Celebrity Finds, Kendall Jenner Wears Forever21 *Runs to nearest Forever21*
This 5-Year-Old Can Teach You A Thing Or Two About Getting Dressed *Reconsiders life choices*
Your First Look At The Epic 'Star Wars' CoverGirl Collaboration May the force be with.. your wallet.
Gabrielle Union Is Ultra Chic In Sheer-Paneled Dress This look is 'Straight Outta' a best-dressed list.
The Biggest Mistake You're Making While Washing Your Face Please stop the madness.
9 Beauty Tips To Survive The Final Days Of Summer Bye-bye, frizzy hair and oily skin.
On This Week's Cheap Celeb Finds List, Reese Witherspoon Wore $36 Sneakers BRB, we're going shopping.
This Is When You Need A Tie, In One Handy Chart Take that, summer weddings.
Arnold Scaasi, Designer To First Ladies And Stars, Dead At 85 NEW YORK (AP) \u2014 Designer Arnold Scaasi, whose flamboyant creations adorned first ladies, movie stars and socialites, has
Fashion Wants Guys To Wear Green This Fall, So Here's How Your friends will all be green with envy.
Caitlyn Jenner On Bathing Suits \I just can't see myself doing it.\
Gigi Hadid Covers W's September Issue, Gets Candid About Nudity Talk about glamour.
Need A Solution For A Hangover? This Mask May Help You Save Face Because no one likes to be told you \look tired.\
The '90s Bands T-Shirts That We Can't Stop Wearing Let's take a quick trip down memory lane and make a pit stop in the '90s. Why? Because, beyond some questionable fashion
Michelle Obama Says What We're All Thinking About Beyonc\u00e9 Talk about running the world.\u00a0 Michelle Obama sat down with rapper Wale on Friday to answer questions and promote her Reach
Ruby Rose's Latest Look Gives Us Another Reason To Love Her As if we needed more reasons.
This Week's Pint-Size Style Crushes Are Two Very Dapper Brothers Double trouble.
Buy Or DIY These Modern Takes On The Friendship Bracelet Ah, the good old days.
WATCH The \u2018dos include the \u201cside part,\u201d the \u201cswept-back\u201d and the \u201cpunk coif.\u201d
How To Score The Late-Summer Embroidery Trend For WAY Less You know, for when you don't want to spend a month's rent on a top.
Caitlyn Jenner Wows In A Chic Black Jumpsuit A little tailoring goes a long way.
Orange Workout Gear That'll Legitimately Up Your Gym Game Orange you glad you knew this?
Amanda Seyfried Chops Off Her Long Hair Amanda Seyfried\u00a0has gone shorter for the summer, chopping her long hair into a lob. The 29-year-old actress posted an Instagram
New York Times Issues Rebuttal To Critique Of Its Nail Salon Expos\u00e9 When The New York Times published an\u00a0in-depth expos\u00e9 on working conditions in New York's nail salons in May, the publication
How To Wear Fall's Newest Fashions While Summer's Still In Swing The item
Ariana Grande's Dog Just Became A Coach Model What have you done today?
Khloe Kardashian Has A Closet Devoted To Workout Clothes, And It's Stunning So this is what it looks like when Lululemon and Bergdorf Goodman have a closet baby. For Khloe Kardashian's Self magazine
Real Leather Without Animal Slaughter? Scientists Are Working On It One day there might be animal leather products that even vegans can get behind.
Kendall Jenner Shows Off Her Silly Side In New Est\u00e9e Lauder Ad Oh, Kendall Jenner. You're such a trickster.\u00a0 The supermodel's newest Est\u00e9e Lauder campaign rolled out on Monday, and in
Look What Happens When Moms Choose Their Daughters' Hairstyles Mothers supposedly know best. And when it comes to etiquette, men, money, and the importance of lipstick, she's usually spot
Kill Crocs Humanely And Rename The Birkin, Jane Birkin Tells Herm\u00e8s A disturbing PETA report made her change her mind.
Kim Kardashian's Sheer Jumpsuit Isn't Your Average Maternity Wear Kim Kardashian's\u00a0second-time-around maternity style is proving to be\u00a0sheer perfection.\u00a0 The reality star stepped out with
3 Easy Hairstyles To Refresh An Old Blowout Few things are better than a fresh, bouncy\u00a0blowout. We feel \brand new\ every time our stylist wields the round brush, curling
Stunning Photos Document The Effects Of Too-Tight Shapewear We've all heard the phrase \suffer for fashion,\ but in some instances, that suffering can go a little too far.\u00a0 HuffPost
On This Week's Cheap Celeb Finds List, Ashley Benson Hits Up Zara Capwell + Co. Karina Y Necklace, $55\u00a0 Taylor Swift's top and skirt \u00a0 Vans Premium Leather Old Skool Zip, $75 Alessandra Ambrosio's
On This Week's Best Dressed List, Gwyneth Paltrow Is Actually Relatable When Gwyneth Paltrow\u00a0wears something we can easily copy, we're always thrilled. And this week, she stepped out in an outfit
6 Style Lessons We Could ALL Learn From Caitlyn Jenner Caitlyn Jenner's style game has been on point over the past couple of weeks -- so much so that she is actually teaching other
Ashley Benson's Pink Eye Makeup, And More Celebrity Beauty Looks We Loved This Week Whenever \pink eye\\u00a0is the topic of discussion, chances are it has absolutely nothing to do with makeup. But Ashley Benson
Target Under Fire For Selling 'Trophy' Top Sold to women and juniors for $12.99 and in plus sizes for $14.99, the black T-shirts in question have the word \Trophy\ printed
12 Strappy Sundresses That Are Fashion's Version Of Air Conditioning It's hot. REALLY hot. And short of wanting to walk around in a swimsuit all day, we've been in search of some stylish relief
Lawsuit Against T.J. Maxx Reminds Us 'Compare At' Prices May Not Be What You Think One of the most exhilarating aspects of bargain hunting\u00a0is figuring out just how big of a deal you've scored. So a new lawsuit
OMG Prince George! That grin! Kensington Palace released a brand-new photo of Prince George on Tuesday, July 21, ahead of Prince William and
Kenyan Artist Makes Unique Eyewear Out Of Recycled Electronics An old computer doesn't necessarily inspire most people to get crafty. \u00a0Cyrus Kabiru, a visual artist, is not like most people
Andreja Peji\u0107 Is Bold And Beautiful In New Make Up For Ever Campaign Andreja Peji\u0107's\u00a0first Make Up For Ever\u00a0ad is finally here, and it is fierce! The 23-year-old transgender model and activist
9 Clothing Brands From Men's New York Fashion Week That Should Be On Your Radar Also on HuffPost:\u00a0 \u00a0 Robert Geller Here's what you need to know about Geller
Keke Palmer's Deep Purple Lipstick, And More Celebrity Beauty Looks We Loved This Week It's pretty mindblowing to see some of our favorite child stars all grown up. Case in point
This Week's Pint-Sized Style Crush Is The Cutest Thing You'll See All Day Meet Aiden, the 4-year-old who just stole our hearts.\u00a0 The New York native has been tearing up the scene for some time now
On This Week's Best-Dressed List, Gabrielle Union Pulls A Hat Trick This week's best-dressed list might be one of our favorites this year.\u00a0 Not only did one actress make the list THREE different
Kim Kardashian Goes Makeup-Free For Vogue Espa\u00f1a It's hard to keep up with all of Kim Kardashian's magazine covers, but her most recent, for Vogue Espa\u00f1a, is pretty hard
Sam Smith Takes A Turn At Modeling In A Sexy Collaboration With Balenciaga Looks like Balenciaga wants to stay with\u00a0Sam Smith.\u00a0 The \I'm Not The Only One\ singer announced Wednesday on Instagram\u00a0that
6 Ways To Add Blueberries To Your Beauty Routine (Besides Eating Them) While perusing the produce at our local farmer's market, our\u00a0mouths start watering the very second we see baskets of blueberries
Balmain Celebrates Stunning Sisters In New Campaign It looks like the Balmain army\u00a0is taking over and a few special sister sets are on the front lines. Kendall and Kylie, Gigi
9 Summer Struggles That Every Woman Understands Relaxing at the beach and overloading on\u00a0ice cream\u00a0are pretty universal perks of summer. But some of the season's unfortunate
Guys, Your New York Fashion Week Has Arrived It's a good time to be a menswear designer in America. Reports show that men who care about what they wear shop more, and
13 Dresses That Are Even More Beautiful From The Back Photo credit
The Summer Hats You Should Never Underestimate Everyone, put down your fedoras and back away slowly. Summer is the best time of year to wear a hat, but for the love of
'100 Years Of Italian Beauty' Is A Bellissima Trip Back In Time If it ain't broke, don't fix it. The team over at Cut Video\u00a0has delighted viewers with its \100 Years Of Beauty\\u00a0series
Samantha Bee Rubs Up On Some Models To Celebrate Men's Fashion Week The first-ever Men's New York Fashion Week\u00a0is in full swing. We're keeping an eye on all of the Spring/Summer 2016 designs
Cindy Crawford's Kids Land Major Fashion Spread In CR Fashion Book Days after signing with IMG Models and appearing in Vogue Italia, Cindy Crawford's 13-year-old daughter Kaia Gerber\u00a0has landed
And The New Miss USA Is... BATON ROUGE, La. (AP) \u2014 Olivia Jordan of Oklahoma was crowned Miss USA on Sunday, wearing a hot pink strapless dress as she
The Best Grateful Dead Merchandise On Etsy, From Cute To Plain Obscure The Grateful Dead celebrated their final performance and fifty year anniversary in Chicago over the Fourth Of July weekend
The Best Style Moments From Wimbledon 2015 Wimbledon\u00a0is sadly over, and while there were obviously some super impressive athletic feats made over the two-week event
9 Guys Who Give Us Serious Eyebrow Envy Phillip Picardi
On This Week's Cheap Celeb Finds List, Blake Lively Wears Tevas BB Dakota Heleen Femme Dress, $105 \u00a0Kendall Jenner's Dress PRISMSPORT Batik Capri Leggings, $82 Blake Lively's Tevas American
Female Entrepreneur  I don't feel I have had any advantages being a Latin female in this business in fact the opposite, it's challenging to get respect in this business. I've been in business for nearly 25 years now and I still face obstacles.
Our Pint-Sized Style Crush Of The Week Can Wear A Hat Better Than You Meet Liam, the 6-year-old who can probably rock a hat better than you.\u00a0 The UK-based cutie knows his way around an outfit
Ed Hardy Designer Christian Audigier Dead At 57 Ed Hardy designer Christian Audigier has died at age 57 after a battle with cancer.
On This Week's Best-Dressed List, Lupita Nyong\u2019o Steals The Show Taking a look at this week's\u00a0best-dressed celebrities,\u00a0we picked up a few lessons that will help us for years to come.\u00a0 Emily
Chrissy Teigen's Slicked-Back Hair And More Celebrity Looks We Loved This Week After finally getting into a summer workout groove, the HuffPost Lifestyle editors have been discussing ways to wear our
11 Pinterest Accounts Every Dude Should Follow 9. Daniel Cronje \ufeff 7. The Designers Collective \ufeff 10. Thomas Murphy \ufeff 8. Up Kn\u00f6rth \u00a0 \ufeff4. Dale Partridge \ufeff 6. Kyle Newton
7 Childhood Trends From The 2015 Paris Couture Week Runways #Fashion
Caitlyn Jenner Shares The Frustration Of Fixing Chipped Nail Polish Chipped nail polish\u00a0can be the worst, and as Caitlyn Jenner\u00a0shows in a recent Instagram post, it can be a hard problem to
Which Nail Polish Color Matches #TheShoe? It's #TheDress All Over Again. #TheShoes
Cindy Crawford's 13-Year-Old Daughter Lands In Vogue Italia Like mother, like daughter.\u00a0 Cindy Crawford's daughter Kaia Gerber is officially a high-fashion model now that she has landed
Women Have Awesome Response To Being Told They Shouldn't Wear Crop Tops With all the progress the fashion industry has made regarding body acceptance, every so often, something comes along and
The 15 Most Outrageous Looks From Couture Week Oh, #fashun. Sometimes all you can do is laugh at the things that come down the runway. And the fall/winter 2015-16 haute
#YouLookDisgusting Blogger Em Ford Responds To Internet Haters \You look disgusting.\ \I can't even look at her.\ \Her face is so ugly.\ \Eww. Horrible. Gross.\ The Internet can be a very
Duchess Kate And Prince William Hit Centre Court At Wimbledon While the rest of us were busy sleeping Wednesday morning, Prince William and Duchess Kate arrived at Wimbledon to cheer
Hugo Boss Says It Plans To Go Fur Free By 2016 Let's hope other brands follow suit.
Kendall Jenner's Nearly Nude Calvin Klein Ad Looks REALLY Familiar Kendall Jenner's latest ads for Calvin Klein were released today and they were\u00a0exactly what we expected. One of the images
Teen Vogue's August Cover Features Three Models Of Color And The World Rejoices What's better than one black cover model? Three black cover models. \u00a0Teen Vogue is receiving some much-deserved fanfare after
5 Under-The-Radar Style Magazines To Feed Your Inner Fashion Nerd Monocle is renowned for its international business coverage, and since fashion is big business there's always plenty of style
At Last, Same-Sex Marriages -- How to Keep Your Shoes On and Your Feet Comfortable on Your Wedding Day! The question every women may ask herself before she goes shoe shopping is, do I buy the shoes then the dress or the dress then the shoes? Pumps, Sandals, Peep Toes, open or closed create so many options for brides -- what's a woman to do?
The Best Of Caitlyn Jenner's Most Recent Looks Jenner is stunning in everything from a sleek black bodycon dress to sequined top, and a multicolored mini.
Kendall Jenner Is A Spitting Image Of Her Mom On Chanel Haute Couture Runway In Paris Kris Jenner, is that you? Kendall Jenner ditched her long hair\u00a0for an ultra-short 'do to walk in Chanel's Haute Couture runway
Black Model Is 'Tired Of Apologizing For [Her] Blackness' 
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley Slays The Sheer Trend At Paris Fashion Week Rosie Huntington-Whiteley sure knows how to work the sheer trend.\u00a0 The 28-year-old supermodel attended the Versace Haute
Animal Prints 
'Coffee N' Clothes' Is Instagram Porn At Its Finest 
Do You Want to Go Blonde to Hide the Grays? Another day has passed and another person has left my chair disappointed to hear blonde is not in their optimal hair color palette. This particular person had a strong desire to go fully golden blonde to cover her grays.
Safer Ways to Get Your Summer Blonde Color Summer has officially arrived and one of the most common requests at our salon this time of the year is blonde hair. While going blonde or touching up blonde hair is fun and exciting, it's also serious.
Princess Charlotte Has Maybe The Most Fashionable Christening Ever 
10 Secrets for Successful Selling on eBay We all have too much \stuff\ in our wardrobe, closets and lives. Sometimes we want to throw it all away. But you can have fun and recoup a few dollars if you use eBay's platform to sell online. If you have an email and Paypal accounts, you're already half way done.
5 Ways To Get Sexy Wavy Hair 
The Best Men's Sunglasses Looks For Summer 
The Summer Jewelry You Won't Have To Take Off Until September 
2015 Cadillac Escalade First Drive Do you have a sanctuary? You know, a place to go and think and recharge. A spot that's safe. A place where you can shut out the world, if only for a little while, so you can prepare to create a bit of magic when you go back out...
The Most Outrageous Celebrity Outfits Of The Summer 
This T-Shirt Perfectly Captures All The Same-Sex Marriage Feels 
Tessa Metcalfe There's something extremely delicate and very raw about Tessa Metcalfe's jewellery. Gold and silver pigeon claws adorn the young designer's fingers, each one distinctly different from the other.
I Am Addicted to Goodwill When I moved to the United States, I discovered a gold mine. Several in fact. I was in awe of my revelations -- I could not believe my eyes!
Bad Gal Riri Finds A Badass Deal 
Beachside, Poolside, Summer Style Perfect When it comes to summer skincare, the essentials are not to be missed. A great gentle cleanser, a solid face sunscreen, and protection for the body, lips, hair, etc. Not Your Mother's haircare products are an editor favorite.
How Do You Know When a Beauty Product Is 'the One'? Both the dazzling appeal and the sinking horror of being a beauty editor is that a flood of shiny new products wash over your desk each day, free of charge. In spite of it all, you still somehow manage to find the Infallible, the Kryptonite, the Desert-Island-Can't-Live-Without, the One, the Undying.
8 Frizz-Friendly Hairstyles for Summer It's 95 degrees, and the last thing you want to do is spend an hour serum-ing, drying and straightening your hair. It's hot, exhausting and there's a 99 percent chance it'll frizz right up the second you step outside. Instead, opt for one of these easy-to-execute styles.
Five Spa Tips Every Twenty-Something Should Know Put Google to work. Type in the search word \best\ plus the spa service and your town. Yelp, Insider, Bing, City Search or some other social media review site should pop up with information on a variety of therapists and spa professionals.
These Dogs In Bow Ties Will Make You Smile 
Redefining Mastectomy Bras to Meet Breast Cancer Patient Needs If you don't know what a mastectomy bra is, it's a bra with pockets to hold a breast prosthetic in place. They're sometimes called \pocketed\ bras by the lingerie brands specializing in their design and fit.
10 Things Everyone Complains About Once Summer Is Finally Here 
35 Items In Your Wardrobe is All You Need My interpretation of a \minimalist wardrobe\ was recently challenged when my girlfriend Jenn Mapp told me about her 35 items. I have known her for years (pre toddler and infant, pre house), and have always thought of her as a \fashionista\ in the best sense of the word.
How You Can Look Like Royalty For Under $80 
The Smart Way To Sell Your Clothes On eBay 
Price Difference Between These Near-Identical Bags Is Astounding 
London Wealth Gone Awry In a week when I tipped my gilt-coloured chair to close in on the narrow gap separating me from the exquisite singing of Maltese tenor Joseph Calleja at a private performance, I also spent half the amount an immigrant paid to drown in the Mediterranean, in a trendy London eatery.
The New Ireland I had a conversation last year in Finnegan's of Dalkey--a phenomenal Dublin pub where novelist Maeve Binchy used to drink, and Bono now does drink--with an Irish attorney acquaintance.
Pitti Uomo Day 2 It's second only to sitting through an engrossing film, because those bright lights, that loud music and all those beautiful people dressed in the latest trends make the atmosphere infectious.
5 Must Try DIY Beauty Products for Summer The summer brings the heat and with the heat comes sweating and dry skin. We've come up with five DIY beauty products that will keep your body smelling great and feeling soft, all summer long! Try one or try them all and your skin can thank me later.
An Exclusive First Look At Gucci's Fall 2015 Campaign 
Father's Day Gift Guide Father's Day is around the corner so it's time to think of the perfect gift to get your dad, grandfather, or maybe even that special uncle. Whether your man is an adventurist, metrosexual, techie, or foodie, below are some unique gift ideas that will surely please him.
Surviving Your Family Road Trip! With temps soaring, classes ending and a national holiday hovering on the horizon, a family road trip may be right up your alley. Check out the four categories that are key to happy times on the trail.
Your Hair Dreams Can Come True, Courtesy of Olaplex Since crossing over into the dark side of puberty, one of the first moves I have consistently made each time I experienced a breakup or similar life-altering event was to change the appearance of my hair, oftentimes drastically.
A Cat-Eye Tutorial So You Can Wing It With Ease 
Prince George Wears Crocs, Parents Across The U.S. Smile Knowingly 
You'll Go Gaga For This Celeb's $100 Jumpsuit 
Wow! Prince George Looks EXACTLY Like His Father Did At That Age 
How To Do Trieste In A Weekend 
Meet The Underwear That Were Designed Specifically to Wear During Your Period It's the time of month many of us dread, but menstruation is just a part of life. We're fortunate enough to have access to feminine hygiene products (and Midol!), that allow us to go about our everyday lives when our period comes, but for many other girls and women around the world, that is not the case.
Zac Posen's Sweet Gesture Makes A Teen's Dreams Come True 
Do You Know How Many Rings Guys Should Be Wearing On Each Hand? 
16 Unexpected Ways To Use Coconut Oil It's the ultimate multi-tasker.
Cooling Trend - 3 Distinct Hand Bags That Will do the Trick This Summer 
Jennifer Aniston Had To Give Herself A 'Tanning Intervention' 
3 Things You Must Do As Soon You Put On Your Swimsuit According to bathing suit expert Kirsten Sarkisian, you never put on a bikini top only once. \First, you put it on--simply put it on your body,\ the founder of Belusso swimwear tells Glamour, \but do not assume it's ready to go at this point.\
10 Floaty White Summer Dresses Under $300 There's nothing quite like wearing a floaty white dress on a warm summer day. And this season, there are boatloads of good choices, including T-shirt dresses, cocktail-ready options, and sportier versions.
You Can Totally Wear Bright Makeup This Summer -- Here's How! Eye candy takes on a whole new level when all you've been looking at are bare trees and monotone colors for an entire six months. Even the most neutral-toting, pared-down-wearing minimalist types start grabbing for something with a bit of pigment.
The Illuminated 
7 Secrets Of Shoppers Who Never Pay Full Price Immediate gratification -- that gotta-have-that-now rush -- is behind a lot of retail action, but if you're patient enough, you just might reap the reward of crazy deals.
How To Stay Armpit-Stain-Free All Summer Long 
How You Can Look Like Kendall Jenner For $75 
So This Is What Happens When You're Friends With Marc Jacobs 
Spoiler Alert 
It Might Be Time To Dig These Shoes Out Of Your Mom's Closet 
YSL Ad Banned Over Model Appearing 'Unhealthily Underweight' 
13 Truths Every Style-Obsessed Person Knows To Be True 
8 Solutions to Summer Skin-Care Problems 'Tis the season for sun, salt and sweat. But as pleasant as those sound (well, at least two out of the three), they can also wreak havoc on your skin.
DISPATCH I'm Miriam Ava, founder of ColorsofGratitude.com and ambassador of good taste. I share messages that matter, one Dispatch at a time. My views are utterly my own and intrinsically independent. I love what I share. Hope you enjoy!
How To Do Your Own Damn Eyebrows 
13 Dresses You'll Buy For Weddings But Wear Again And Again 
The Evolution of the Brett Johnson Collection Following the evolution of a line is not solely about the refinement of the actual garments. Often that is an outcome of the designer's evolution. The life experiences, the attraction to new and varying aesthetics as well as the maturation of the designer all influence the growth of a collection.
Making Modesty Acceptable When Kendall Jenner decides to wear pants with a dress, she makes a statement about the way modest apparel, and indeed cultural dress in general, is perceived based upon the wearer.
Breast-Milk Facials Are Now a Thing Human breast milk from a stranger, on your face? Sounds gross. Or at the very least, gimmicky.\nBut hey, we reasoned
Proof That Taylor Swift Likes A Bargain As Much As You Do 
This Supermodel Found The Perfect Airport Outfit 
Why You Should Run Out And Buy A Fanny Pack 
3 Crucial Tips Every Man Should Know About Grooming His Eyebrows 
This Is Really Uncool, Lilly Pulitzer 
Beyonc\u00e9 And Nicki Minaj Take Over Our Cheap Celeb Finds List 
How To Find Sunglasses That'll Flatter Your Face 
What Shoe To Pair With Midi Skirts And 5 Other Trending Bottoms 
These Photos Will Make You Book Your Next Trip To India 
Jane Fonda On Her 'Strained' Relationship With Fashion 
Brighten Up This #ManicureMonday With These Amazing Nail Art GIFs 
All The Red Carpet Looks From The 2015 Billboard Music Awards 
The Business and Versatility of Striped Underwear Striped underwear can enlist several thoughts
Kendall Jenner Gives Us A Sneak Peek Of Balmain x H&M At The 2015 Billboard Music Awards 
Jennifer Lopez Billboard Music Awards 2015 Gown Is Super See-Through, Obvi 
How You Can Look Like Beyonce For Under $40 
Women in Business Spotlight Buying a bathing suit is scary. Even the most confident, empowered, ball-busting corporate executive will admit it, if only to herself. It's scary.
Street Style Layers When you think of layering, you probably automatically think of fall and winter clothing. But you don't have to - casual, light layers are also the perfect addition to your spring wardrobe, which should soon be transitioning into your summer one.
Anna Kendrick Takes A Style Risk (That Totally Pays Off) 
Lupita Nyong'o Looks Like Pure Royalty In Cannes 
Sci-Fi Jewelry Designer Takes Geek Chic To A Whole New Level 
Shopping In College Versus Shopping In Real Life 
20 Struggles Every Tall Girl Knows To Be True 
Commandments of Style Sweat the small stuff. We're talking fine details. Shave or wax your legs if you'll be wearing a skirt. Take a hard look in the mirror and if your upper lip needs waxing, by all means. Even better, have a professional do the honors.
How To Get Radiant Summer Skin Here are 11 simple ways to get your glow on for summer.
Drake Collaborates With Sotheby's On Black Art Exhibit Last week, the S|2, Sotheby's Contemporary Art Gallery debuted its selling exhibition I Like It Like This, which features work from African American artists, along with a curated playlist by Grammy-Award winning rap artist Drake.
21 Style Struggles Men Will Never Understand 
How To Pull Off Wearing The Kitschiest Accessory Ever 
19 Fashion Struggles Only A New Yorker Would Understand 
10 Signs You're The 'Stylish One' In Your Group Of Friends 
A Chat With Celebrity Makeup Artist Charlotte Tilbury Charlotte Tilbury, celebrity makeup artist whose client list includes Kate Moss, Amal Clooney, Blake Lively, Rihanna, Kim Kardashian and Jennifer Aniston, made a public appearance in Dallas to celebrate the Texas launch of her namesake collection.
5 Expert Tricks For The Perfect At-Home Manicure 
Finally, A Website That Makes Shopping For 'Nude' Apparel Possible For Everyone 
From Emoticons to Emoji Less is more, especially with texts, which are meant 2 b short. The great advantages of texting and email are the three e's
Kerry Washington Wows On This Week's Best-Dressed List 
The Fashion Advice From Our Moms That Will Never Go Out Of Style 
Watch How To Cover Up That Embarrassing Sunburn 
Your Skincare-Obsessed Mom Wants These Mother's Day Gifts Your earliest memories are of your Mom slathering exotic creams on her face and scaring you with alien-green mud masks. She has always used sunscreen and her skin shows it. Give Mom an upgrade to her skincare routine this Mother's Day and show her you've been paying attention all these years.
Eco-Beauty We should all take a moment to ask ourselves, \how do the products I buy and the companies I support contribute to the Earth's wellbeing?\ You CAN make a difference by using organic products that are natural and socially responsible! Below are some of my favorite organic beauty picks to try.
14 Very Real Struggles Of Swimsuit Shopping 
How a Style Star Accessorizes for a Music Festival It's that time of year. Music festival time. I have been spying on the beautiful people attending Coachella and Jazz Fest via Instagram, which inspired this piece on jewelry do's and don'ts for festivals.
4 Ways To Wake Up With Perfect Hair 
FLOTUS Is On Fire To Make This Week's Best Dressed List 
This Michelle Obama Hairstyle Could Be Her Best Look Yet 
9 Emotions Every Messy Person Feels While Cleaning Their Room 
This 23-Month-Old Is Probably More Stylish Than You 
9 Of The Best Fashion Quotes Of All Time 
31 Lessons To Be Learned From A 1983 Issue Of Vogue 
8 Summer Body Oils You Didn't Realize You Needed 
Joan Smalls Reveals The Secret To Her Flawless Skin 
Is This Happening In Your Bedroom? What Foreplay Looks Like Now Are we getting greater titillation from our tech at bedtime than the lovers we lay next to? What has happened to the days of screen-free intimacy?
How To Wear The Same Dress All Summer Long, Without Anyone Noticing 
IRIS This week the IRIS film finally debuted at the Paris Theater, which is symbolically located adjacent to The Plaza Hotel and across from Bergdorf Goodman where a window display design inspired by Iris Apfel is currently in rotation.
The Top 12 Beauty Tips We Learned From Our Moms You may have spent years studiously ignoring your mother's advice (and she was right about that guy in high school, admit it), but eventually all that bossing and nagging adds up to something truly useful. Here, Allure staffers share their mothers' wisest words about beauty.
See All The Red Carpet Looks From The 2015 White House Correspondents' Dinner 
This Swimsuit Model Stuns From The Neck Up, For A Refreshing Change 
7 DIY Beauty Hacks Using Pantry Staples The best thing about having a kitchen stocked full of healthy food is that they can also double up as amazing natural beauty products. These DIY beauty hacks are the perfect way to treat your skin and hair with some natural love. Try a few for yourself, and unlock the secrets to natural beauty!
Chris Hemsworth Changes Up His Look On This Week's Best-Dressed List 
How to Be a Popular Hostess Even if you're lucky enough to have an assistant to help, entertaining takes advance preparation. But the payoff will be in a good time, for both you and your guests.
I Profumi di Firenze In 2003, Artist Miryana Babic was traveling in Florence and stumbled across a tiny perfumery where the fragrances were hand-blended in small batches with floral and botanical essences from Italy and around the world.
11 Statement-Making Sunglasses Under $50 
A Conversation With Lenny Niemeyer In the late '70s when she started, she says beachwear was still pretty conservative, but she decided to take a different path and buck prevailing trends. She craved a more provocative style.  So, she started designing her own collections from her garage.
Turning Dream Jobs Into Reality Athena is amazed that in such a short amount of time, her label is carried in some of the best stores worldwide and she has an international clientele. \It shows that there are boho women all over the world that chase the sun just like me!\
How To Apply Lipstick, Even If You're A Total Spaz 
Gina Rodriguez Lands A Big Ad Campaign, And We All Rejoice 
Pro Athletes Test Bobbi Brown's New Makeup Line To Prove It's Sweat-Proof 
Joan Smalls is A Bombshell, And Here's How To Get Her Look 
I On Exceptional Living Anida \Cookie\ Cohen is without a doubt the brilliant individual who comes to mind when nonprofit organizers and public leaders find themselves in need of a remarkable and profitable event! Throughout Chicago, Mrs. Cohen is highly recognized for her charitable endeavors and her loyal advocacy for children and their causes.
Dear Maria - Open Letter to #LillyForTarget Employee Thank you for still smiling at 10am in the Women's Department during the #LillyForTarget sale. You were still in such great spirits and so nice and helpful. I'm so sorry you had to break up a fight today. Those Ebay re-seller's are nuts! Clearly by your awesome attitude you won that fight!
17 Nude Nail Options For The Classic Bride 
20 Must Have Fashion Items for Every College Girls Wardrobe Get your classic look with a pair of Aviators or Clubmasters from Rayban. If Ray-Ban-Clubmaster-06you've had a long night of study or a late GNO and you want to cover those late night eyes, sporting a pair of fabulous sunglasses will do the trick.
\Dior and I\...and I The moment Raf Simons cries isn't even the best part of Fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric Tcheng's documentary Dior and I. Neither is Simons' triumphant bow at the Fall 2012 Haute Couture show or the suspenseful moment when it seems no couture dresses will arrive at a fitting.
Denim Selfies You can't talk denim without talking models--no matter the era, from Brooke Shields in her classic Calvins to Kate Moss and her array of skinnies, nothing beats a beautiful girl dressed in classic blue jeans.
Gisele Bundchen Shares Photo From First Runway Show At 14 To Celebrate Her Last 
Vogue Paris Features Its First Black Cover Model In 5 Years 
It's The End Of An Era 
'I Want My Outside To Reflect How Colorful I Feel On The Inside' 
Make Yourself Up to Please Your Inner Child Don't let your makeup application become automatic or routine. Remember why you like it, remember why it excites you.
Breathe Easy dELiA*s Fans, The Brand Will Relaunch Online Aug. 6 
The Red Carpet Moments At The MTV Movie Awards 
Chrissy Teigen's Mid-Length Hair Is MAJOR 
Our Favorite Fashion Couple Wore Some Pretty Cool Accessories This Week 
7 Fashion Essentials to Create Eternal Style Style is how you are recognized. Style is the first impression. Trends come and it's fun to take part in the new. However, style is the everlasting. There are certain concepts and pieces that are timeless. Take the concepts and pieces and make them your own!
Not Everyone Is 'Sexy'... and That's Okay Not everyone has to be 'sexy.' The fact that we feel such a campaign needs to be launched speaks to a deeper problem with how we as a society view women.
Glasses Are the New IT Accessory Hard Candy has just launched their new eye wear line sold exclusively at Walmart. We all know Hard Candy for their amazing and affordable makeup that is sold only at Walmart.
Meet The Stylist Who 'Spoofed' 11 Iconic Fashion Ads 
Could Quincy Jones Be Any Cooler In This New Fashion Campaign? 
Interview With the Etsy of the African Print Designer? The team spent at least an hour with me on the phone the first time I reached out to them, I wanted to understand the Uzuri Closet vision, inspiration and goals, and boy did they open up to me.
All The Awesome Hats At The NYC Easter Parade 
The First Family Looked Exceptionally Stylish On Easter Sunday. Obvi. 
We're Obsessed With Behati Prinsloo's '90s Look 
Beginner's Guide to Looking More Date-Worthy Looking date-worthy is the biggest, yet easiest problem to solve. That's why I wanted to share this quick guide to looking more datable, and using non-verbal communication to attract more dates:
France Votes To Ban Models Under A Certain Body Mass Index 
The Real Girl's Guide To Tackling The Bare-Faced Makeup Trend While the bare face might be nice in theory, the reality might be a bit daunting. We're here to tell you -- healthy skin doesn't have to be scary.
Darling and Affordable Easter Outfits for Kids! Easter Sunday is just a hop away, but when it comes to the latest fashions for kids there's lots of charming options. What's big on the bunny hop style scene include festive plays on prints, pops of color and lots of adorable accessories.
The Fashion Industry's Modeling Mystery What our beloved model wannabes haven't taught themselves is that there is far more to becoming a reputable model than being the cutest in your school, mauling a photographer to snap you in your favorite #OOTD (outfits of the day) and entangling yourself in an endless surge of social media hype.
The Datelob In advertising, there's something called an ADLOB. It stands for \Ad Like Object\ and it's called for when we need to present something to a client that's a simulacrum of an ad without being a full on ad itself. In dating, I've discovered the need for -- and therefore invented -- a similar term, a Datelob.
Before The Summer Sauna, Appreciate This! 
The Summer Accessories You're Going To Be Dreaming About 
Do (Strawberry) Blondes Really Have More Fun? 
Shhh... Don't Tell Anyone How Much Lucy Hale's Dress Costs 
Orange Carpet Style From The 2015 Kids' Choice Awards 
Part Ways From Your Split Ends Split ends are an all too common problem for us all. Naturally your hair type plays a role in how many and how often you get them, but certain habits are also responsible for causing split ends.
The Most Iconic Faces Of Men's Grooming How do brand ambassadors reflect men's evolving attitudes toward grooming? I decided to take a closer look at some of the most iconic faces from the past 30 years of marketing grooming products to men.
It's Official! Kendall Jenner Is The New Face Of Calvin Klein 
C The Difference After 3 decades in the beauty business I have finally taken my knowledge to the lab, where I've revealed - and developed - the secret that keeps both myself and my clients looking so young
January Jones Wears Many Faces For Violet Grey 
Apple Store, Your New Destination For... Fashion Advice? 
Miss Universe Japan Faces Criticism That She Is Not Japanese Enough 
The Psychological Benefits of Wearing Exactly What You Want My whole sentient life I have been pretty adamant about the way I wanted to look. While, in my case, this hasn't equated to tattoos or even dyed hair, I've certainly made some experimental aesthetic choices.
5 Seriously Strange Hair Hacks Celebrities Swear By 
Meet The Woman Who Invented The Loub Job 
Zoe Kravitz Inspires Us To Embrace Our Natural Beauty 
A Look Only Rihanna Could Pull Off 
14 Reasons Why Pharrell Williams Is Definitely A Fashion Icon 
Style File Boston Design Week returns this week for an encore of exhibitions, and workshops celebrating all aspects of design, from industrial to fashion. This 10-day citywide festival highlights some of the areas best fashion designers, interior designers, and renowned architects.
4 Bold Lip Looks for Spring The bold lip, one of spring's hottest beauty trends, is sexy and easy to wear. Making the transition from moody fall and winter hues to creamy nudes and bright berries, lips showing off spring ready statement shades are a beauty must-have.
The Rockettes Are Now High Kicking In High Fashion 
Watch '100 Years Of Korean Beauty' Unfold In One Minute 
Men's Style Updating your style can include anything from a complete wardrobe and grooming overhaul to simply adding a handful of outfits to your closet. It all depends on your particular needs.
LA Fashion Week Sizzles Fashion Week in Los Angeles had an explosive start with Art Hearts Fashion bringing 30 of the most anticipated designers of the season under the same roof for the first time.
This Is The Trend Floral Lovers Have Been Waiting For 
Thoughts on the \5:2 Skin Diet\ 
Why I Love The Realistic Fashion On 'Girls' 
The Fat Jew 
The Accessories At PFW Were On Fleek 
What Common Can Teach Men About Getting Dressed 
Bad Gal Is Now A Dior Gal 
Kerry Washington Compares Fashion To Fine Art In Marie Claire 
20 Suede Pieces You'll Want To Wear All Spring 
All The Beauty Secrets From 'Empire' 
What Whitley Gilbert Taught Us About Style 
Good Girls Versus Bad Girls and Being Mean I knew there were some things about my personality that needed work.  My goals have always been clear cut and straight ahead of me\u200b. To write, to make my own money and to make myself happy\u200b. Though, the way I was currently experiencing my personal life did not entail \u200bexactly \u200ball of the above. To put it shortly, I wasn't getting what I wanted.
Anja Rubik Wants to Empower You With the Scent of Her Debut Perfume We sat down with Anja to learn more about her fragrance debut, the scents that inspire her and why her perfume is just as much a nod to feminism as it is a must-have addition to your fragrance collection.
The Streets Of Paris Are All About The Skirts 
The Tastemaker I have always dreamed of going to N.Y.C. Fashion Week, and while I have had opportunities to go, the scheduling Gods have just never been with me on this one. The second best thing to being there is to live vicariously through Tommy Lei of My Belonging.
Glossy Lips Means Spring Is Coming... Right? 
Where Are All the Beautiful Mastectomy Bras? So why don't you find the latest and greatest in beautiful mastectomy bras at your local retailer? There are a few reasons, and most have to do with the way these products have historically been marketed and sold to women.
The Fashion Industry Is Getting More Accepting. Here's Proof 
We Want To Shop With Reese Witherspoon At Talbots 
The World's Biggest Unretouched Selfie Is Here 
This Shirt Makes Wearing The Same Thing Every Day Way Easier 
Helen Mirren Looks Dame Good On Our Best-Dressed List 
How To Go Platinum Blonde, According To Kim Kardashian's Colorist 
Here's the First Look at Cara Delevingne in the Amanda Knox Biopic! It's been a little over a year since we first learned that Cara Delevingne, fashion's favorite multi-hyphenate, had been cast in director Michael Winterbottom's highly-anticipated Amanda Knox biopic, The Face of an Angel.
There Is A Karl Lagerfeld Impostor At Paris Fashion Week 
5 Supermodels Share Their Must-Have Beauty Products From Fashion Week 
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley as a Real-Life Barbie is Both Impressive and Creepy 
This Isn't The Only Elie Saab Dress That Could Pass For Cinderella's Ball Gown 
Five Reasons to Love Fashion Designer Bibhu Mohapatra On one particularly cold morning, we arrive at an unassuming building in New York's garment district a bit rushed and anxious. Entering the brass doors, we approach an old man behind the front desk and ask for directions.
In Our Minds, This Is What Bedhead Hair Looks Like 
Mamma Mia! Dolce & Gabbana's Fall 2015 Show Filled With Babies 
School of Style Ready to up your chic game and hit the books? Read on below for the holy grail of style inspiration known as New York fashion week.
Look Out Below! Fashion Designers Create Fabulous Manhole Covers 
REAL Beauty Today stick thin body images created with photography software are the standard that many people try to attain. The unnaturally thin view of attractiveness is blamed for causing the increase in cases of anorexia and bulimia nervosa.
Best Cover-Ups for Dark Under Eye Circles I've tried hundreds of products that promise to cover and hide the \sleepless night look\ and found that the ones below work best to conceal under eye circles.
Just Wait Until You See The Back 
Rosamund Pike Is Ravishing In Red 
Oprah's Oscar Dress Is Fit For A TV Queen 
Julianne Moore Stuns In Custom Chanel 
Back From the Wilderness -- London Fashion Week Kicking off with Naomi Campbell's Fashion for Relief show at Somerset House.  A star-studded line up, with faces from stage to screen, graced the runway to raise funds to fight Ebola. I loved the party atmosphere, as did the models, who broke into dance mid strut down the catwalk.
Is Margot Robbie The New Marilyn Monroe? 
This Is The Most Stylish Hat Of The Season 
This Is Officially The Best Show At London Fashion Week 
The Beginner's Guide To Wear-Everyday, Have-Forever Jewelry 
50 Shades of Cool You'll create enough excitement in your life to make you blush, resulting with a wholesome, healthy, happy aura that sells any look. You will be the celebrity in life, the leader of many and the trademark of women who make a difference in this world.
Grab The Elnett Hairspray, '70s Hair Is Back! 
Nigerian Entrepreneur Maureen Obaweya Brands Her Luxury Designs With Developing World Market Flavors Darting among hawkers, vendors, hoarders and careening motorcyclists, part of the over 16 million inhabitants of Nigeria's largest city, Lagos, Morin O. (Maureen Obaweya) squeezes her car into the Lekki market.
Out Of Everything We Saw At New York Fashion Week, THIS Is What We Want 
How to Know When to Make a Game-Changing Move 
Modcloth Goes One Step Further 
Find the Best New Beauty Product For Your Zodiac Sign Astrologers have searched the sky for answers to many of life's biggest questions for centuries
Why Applaud the Cindy Crawford Photo? What's annoying to me are the bravos for Cindy Crawford and Marie Claire magazine for this photo, which must have been hidden in some drawer like it was shameful.
How Football Taught These 12-Year-Olds What it Means to be a Girl \Give me your definition of what it means to be a girl?\ That is the question photographer Kate Parker asked 13-year-old Callen Swiegart between her football game and cotillion class.
Marissa Webb NYFW 2015 Collection Presenting garments that embodied femininity with a hint of masculine edge, Webb's runway collection quite literally meant business by delivering new meaning to old classics.
The Fantasy of Flight On the first day of Mercedes Benz Fashion Week, New York, Tadashi Shoji premiered his Fall 2015 collection to a full house beneath the tents at Lincoln Center.
Bella Hadid Attends Her 'First' Fashion Show Ever 
The NYFW Trend That's Literally EVERYWHERE 
This Is The Coziest Collection From NYFW 
This Is So Much Cooler Than Your Boring Black Ponytail Holder 
Move Over, Naomi Campbell 
Since When Did 32-Degree Weather Become Synonymous With Open-Toe Shoes? 
After Seeing This, You're Going To Want To Run To Banana Republic 
How Our Editors 'Nail It' During New York Fashion Week 
We Could See Michelle Obama In All Of These Designs 
Kendall Jenner Looks Red Hot On The Red Carpet 
83-Year-Old Supermodel On Scoring Another Gorgeous Cover 
The Skincare Products That Make Us Think Twice About Wearing Makeup 
Here's Your Official Instagram Guide To NY Fashion Week 
Miley Cyrus Looks Surprisingly Sophisticated At The Grammys 
Jennifer Hudson Steps Out In A Little White Dress 
Rihanna's Grammy Dress Is Pink And Ginormous 
We Can't Help But Bow Down When Beyonc\u00e9 Hits The Red Carpet 
Iggy Azalea's Gown Has The Most Perfectly Placed Cut-Outs 
Nicki Minaj Bares Her Cleavage The Tom Ford Way 
Katy Perry Shines Bright Like A Diamond 
And The Best-Dressed Stars At The 2015 Grammys Were... 
And The Least Wearable Looks At The 2015 Grammys Were... 
Meghan Trainor Is All About That Lace, 'Bout That Lace 
Grammys Hair & Makeup Was All About The Sex Appeal 
This Isn't Our Favorite Taylor Swift Look 
A Valentine's Thought 
Bloggers Be Like... Bloggers be like mason jars, cheese boards, standing mirror selfies, latte art, pumpkin patches, striped straws, sun-streaked shots, party props. I present a Valentine to my fellow bloggers.
Miranda Lambert Goes Sleek And Chic On The Red Carpet 
Lady Gaga Tones It Down... Kind Of 
Kim Kardashian Is A Glamorous, Gilded Goddess 
Chrissy Teigen's 2015 Grammy Dress Is Skintight And Perfect 
See All The Red Carpet Fashion From The 2015 Grammys 
We Want Our Smokey Eye Makeup To Look Just Like Gabrielle Union's 
Ariana Grande Is Covering Her Boob With Chain Metal 
Haim Sisters Looked Incredibly Classy At The 2015 Grammys 
The Men On Instagram With The Most Swagger 
Christie Brinkley Looks Better Than Ever In Barneys Spring Campaign 
The Idiot-When-Convenient's Guide to Finding Love This Year 
Would You Like Food With That Fashion? Just as taking a better look at a garment reveals intricacies in construction that are invisible to the naked eye, in the same way, the intricacies of food are only revealed through tasting the final product.
The Filmmaker's Guide to an Oscar Should Angelina Jolie's wardrobe really have any bearing on her perceived talent and serious role as a director, or influence how her film is received by the Academy? Should we be writing articles that feed into this type of superficiality?
Katy Perry Wore Not One But Four Awesome Super Bowl Halftime Show Outfits 
These Couture Moments Will Take Your Breath Away 
The Best Accessories We Saw During Paris Couture Week 
Johnny Weir's Outfit Already Won The Super Bowl 
Not Even Harry Styles Can Keep His Hands Out Of His Own Hair 
How You Can Look Like Selena Gomez For Less Than $20 
The 9 Hottest Hairstyles Of 2015 
EXCLUSIVE Most supermodels approach their fitness routines with the intensity of a professional athlete. After all, one doesn't stroll one's way onto the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show runway or maintain a bikini-ready body year-round without hours of hard work and dedication at the gym.
Joe Zee Talks About The Least Glamorous Part Of His Job 
Marsala Let Marsala shine by pairing it with jewel tones, blushes, camels and navys. Keeping in mind that the color looks best in rich textures or fabrics like suede, knits and leathers, try using Marsala as your base color and pair other rich fabrics with it, like silks and chiffons.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds Don't miss the 1890s French corset, the 1950s Lederer accordian handbag, the 1960s Oleg Cassini swimsuit, the OMO Norma Kamali leather dress, the Emilio Pucci Formfit Rogers jumpsuit and the 1800s Tiffany portrait stick pin.
Lego Makeup Displays Are Here To Address Your Organizing Problems 
5 Ways to Update Your Bedroom Without Breaking the Bank Does your bedroom bore you to tears? If your answer is the latter, and you're ready for an overhaul, try my simple tips to help get you started. Best of all? You don't have to break the bank to give your bedroom a small update that makes a big statement. Promise.
Proof That Wearing Leather Can Upgrade Any Outfit 
Will Donkey Milk Make Your Skin More Beautiful? 
Kristen Wiig, We Need Your Sneakers! 
#CurlPower Encourages Women To Put Down The Flat Iron 
Cute (And Affordable) Coat Alert! 
Tia Mowry Is Our New Favorite Style Star. Here's Why... 
Vince Camuto Dies At Age 78 
Target Launches Plus-Size Clothing Fashion Line 
Michelle Obama's State Of The Union Look Is Grey And Gorgeous 
How to Wrap an Odd-Shaped Gift Beautiful gift-wrapping is kinda like fashion's first impression
You've Never Seen The Victoria's Secret Angels Like This Before 
Shop Your Closet While it can take a little work, it's no more time or effort than trying to shop the mall or stores. It can also be just as fun. Here's how...
Target Looks To Salvage Relationship With Plus-Size Customers By Launching Awesome New Line 
The Best Sweaters For $50 Or Less 
Three Stylish Ways To Wear One Puffer Vest 
Hollywood Showed Off Some Pretty Awesome Shoes This Week 
The Most Fashionable Dogs on Instagram 
The French Girl's Guide To No-Makeup Makeup 
Taylor Swift, We See You In That Affordable Dress 
5 Signs Your Hair Color Choice Is Making You Look Duller and Older Do you know how to identify if you are wearing a hair color that is not giving off your best? Many people unknowingly are walking around with a hair color choice that is making them appear dull, worn, unprofessional, outdated, odd, unbalanced and even older.
H&M and Coachella Partner Up for a Clothing Line H&M recently announced a new collection called \H&M Loves Coachella\ as part of their sixth-year sponsorship of the music festival. You can find the collection online and in 350 stores on March 19th and then internationally on March 26th with selling prices beginning from $4.95 to $49.95.
Plastic Surgery and Selfies Closeups of our faces, cocked just at the right angle with our lips pursed and our sultry gazes directed at the camera, are our prized social media possessions. Why? What is it about the selfie that makes it such a popular everyday habit among social media users?
There Is Nothing Sweet About a Muffin Top January is rough. After all of that holiday eating and loafing, it's hard to get back into the swing of work and real life. To say I feel sluggish is an understatement.
The Pitti Uomo Diaries At Pitti Uomo in Florence, running through Friday, where designers are showing their Fall/Winter 2016 menswear collections, I've seen quite a lot I like. From perfumes, to hats, to pocket squares, there was even a ball gown on display, made out of men's foulards.
2015 Is Shaping Up To Be The Best Year In Campaigns Ever 
A Conversation With Los Angeles Designer, Ryan White His dashing good looks and undeniable charm was reminiscent of the Hollywood's Golden Age, aligning perfectly with the spirit of the room. The smile on his face captured his enthusiasm for the amazing year he's been having as a designer.
Fashion and Philanthropy Customers want to feel that they are making a positive difference in the world. Giving a gift that \gives\ even more than the actual item makes both the gift's giver and receiver feel a part of something greater.
The Top 5 Spring Trends You Need in Your Wardrobe The winter may be gray, glum and cold. Every time my alarm goes off in the morning, I tend to forgo the previous night's adorable laid out outfit and opt for comfort and warmth. However, the winter cold doesn't need to put a damper in your outfit.
A Look Behind the Rip Curl Swim 2015 Collection During Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Swim 2015, the popular surf brand, Rip Curl launched as a swimwear label with a neoprene bikini collection, using the same fabric it became known for in its wetsuit design.
Julianne Moore Is Overwhelming Us, And Not In A Good Way 
Maggie Gyllenhaal Looks Better Than Ever 
Maybe Next Time, Claire Danes 
Kristen Wiig's Off-The-Shoulder Gown Is Off The Mark 
Meryl Streep's Dress Is So Chic, So Meryl 
Felicity Jones' Golden Globes Dress Is Fit For A Queen 
Taylor Schilling's Racy, Red-Hot Golden Globes Dress Is Beautiful 
Emma Stone Ruled The Red Carpet In A Jumpsuit 
Reese Witherspoon Is A Sparkling Goddess In Calvin Klein 
Viola Davis Is A Vision In Red At The Golden Globes 
Kerry Washington Takes A Red Carpet Risk 
English Country Style 2015 Maybe the influence lies in part with a new season of Downton Abbey here in the U.S. or the fact I am on Mid-Century modern overload, but one of the looks I would love to see regain its status in 2015 is English Country Style.
And The Worst-Dressed Stars At The 2015 Golden Globes Were... 
Thank Goodness, Golden Globes Hair & Makeup Was Filled With Surprises 
Amy Poehler's Golden Globes Dress Looks Just As Comfortable As It Is Stylish 
Tina Fey's Golden Globe Dress Looks Like A Bejeweled Apron 
Amy Adams Channels Old Hollywood Glamour 
Lena Dunham Matches The Red Carpet 
Julia Louis-Dreyfus Nails It Once Again 
Rosamund Pike Is Wonderful In White At The Golden Globes 
If Wearing All Black Is Your Thing, At Least Opt For This Classic Combo 
Now THIS Is How You Bring In The New Year 
Just Because It's Dreary Outside, Doesn't Mean The Fashion Has To Be 
Personal Image When dealing with other people, it's important to be able to read their expressions. But it's just as important to understand what your facial expressions may be saying to others.
26 Chic Items To Help You Completely Overhaul Your Closet 
Kim Kardashian Lands Her Second Vogue Cover, And This Time She Looks Pretty Different 
Nick Verreos Sees a Marriage Between Fashion Geeks and Computer Geeks Former Project Runway contestant and designer Nick Verreos stopped by the Samsung Blogger Lounge to talk about the future of wearable technology. Essentially, there's no excuse for not being fashionable.
What To Buy At Zara For Under $100 
The Stars You Might Not Be Looking For At The Golden Globes, But Probably Should 
Okay, We NEED This Bathing Suit 
The Alexis Bittar Spring 2015 Campaign Is Awesome 
This Fashion House's New Model Is Totally Unexpected And Amazing 
2014 Unwanted Fashion Items How we can obsess over a style one day (platform sneakers. harem pants. fluorescent colors) and consider them hideous the next?
We Can't Believe How Far Nicole Richie Has Come 
Our Stylish New Year's Resolutions 
6 Beauty Tips To Hide Your New Year's Eve-Sized Hangover 
Pooja Kharbanda Discusses the 6 Shore Road Resort 2015 Collection Pooja was born in India, spent her childhood in Hong Kong and Panama City, Panama and infuses her design inspiration from old and new travels into her swimwear brand that transitions from day to night.
Post-Holiday Cosmetic Surgery This time of year gets busy in many plastic surgeons' offices as people try to regain their figures or spruce up their appearance during winter solstice. Before going under the knife, refer to the following guide recommending a realistic, intelligent approach to elective cosmetic surgery.
18 Ways To Simplify Your Beauty Routine With Vaseline 
The 10 Amazing Things to Do, Eat or Shop to Get Through the Rest Of Winter Though it's not always possible to escape the winter season -- even a getaway somewhere warm in the midst doesn't chase it entirely away -- there are some great ways to brighten up the dark days and cold nights of this time of the year.
It's Still Christmas On This Week's Cheap Celeb Finds List 
10 Quick And Painless New Year's Style Resolutions New Year's resolutions are so clich\u00e9, I almost can't stand writing about them. So this year I'm here to help boost you up with some totally doable style-related resolutions that will require very little of your time.
Required Reading 2014 
My Aunt Got Me This Sweater... Many times we are so busy trying to please other people that we give up our personal fashion and image power. The reality is if the person who gifted you the item knew how you truly felt about the item, they probably would not want you to keep it anyway.
The ONLY Lipstick You Need In Your Purse This Party Season 
#12DaysOfChristmasHair Is The Instagram Hashtag You Never Knew You Needed 
How Some of London's Biggest Fashion Bloggers Get Ready for the Party Season (VIDEOS) Despite the festive season coming around again every year and there being countless occasions throughout the year to dress up and attend great parties, it does seem like party season always tends to sneak up on you and catch you in a moment of unpreparedness.
Gifts that Give As a philanthropist and a firm believer in conscious consumerism, I am always thinking about how to create \products with a purpose\ that give twice.
In Their Own Words Sometimes it feels like girls have to act and look a certain way because it's what is expected of them, and if you don't act or look this way you will be judged. This pressure can cause insecurity.
Your Boyfriend's Favorite New Band ASTR, a duo that lives, works and makes music in New York City, may be one of those bands, mixing genres to create a fun new sound for anyone who appreciates a sick beat and a good dance tune.
14 Hair & Makeup Looks We'll NEVER Forget From 2014 
How To Survive The Final Days Of Holiday Shopping 
These Are The Coolest Heels We've Ever Seen 
20 Impressively Chic Outfits On Instagram 
Leave It Up To Kendall Jenner To Make Traveling In Spandex Look Cool 
Meet The HuffPost Style Team! 
Apparently Reese Witherspoon Likes J.Crew As Much As We Do 
8 Holiday Beauty Hacks Every Woman Should Know 
6 Frugal and Fabulous Last Minute Christmas Gifts I'm already done with my holiday shopping, but I understand that some of you out there can't read a calendar and always need to do things at the last minute. So for you, I made a list of my favorite last minute gifts.
Roundup 
Without A Doubt, These Are The 14 Worst Outfits Of 2014 
5 Reasons To Be Thrilled Joe Fresh's New Senior Vice President Used To Work For C\u00e9line 
45 Fashion Gift Ideas Under $100 
It's the 'Cinema' Season, Perfect Time to Look Back at Favorite Movie Hair The past is a great place to find something new. Take a seat in my salon and let's play \cinema time machine.\
This Year Was An Epically Colorful One For Nicole Richie's Hair 
Style Insiders And Stars Share Some Of Their Best Holiday Gifts Ever 
Does Your Style Routine Reflect Your Dream Life? The style choices you make when you are happy just may very well reflect your dream. Does your current daily style routine reflect your dream life? It's quite simple to answer this by thinking through a few questions.
We'll Take This Purse In Every Color, Please 
Perfect Party Dresses For Your Body Type 
Instagram Street Style Heads Indoors In The Winter 
Reese Witherspoon's Smokey Eye Makeup Renders Us Speechless 
Prince George's Christmas Photos Are Full Of Holiday Cheer 
Even The Duchess Likes A Good Deal 
The Valentino Couture Show Was Pretty Much A Winter Wonderland 
Quiz Given the choice between updating a 1990s-style clean, working, functional kitchen or enhancing your own appearance to give off your best energy -- I would always recommend upgrading you first.
Hostess Gifts for the Holidays 
You Won't Believe Where This Viral Video Sensation Gets His Stank Face From 
Pump Up Your Style I am a fashion lover and as I discussed with Bravo TV's Stassi Schroeder of Vanderpump Rules, I am intent on keeping to a limited budget.
A Once Homeless Mom Of Autistic Daughter Shows Us What It Means To Never Give Up 
16 Style Tricks You Need To Make It Through Holiday Party Season In One Piece 
3 Things to Consider Before Giving Clothing as a Gift This Holiday Season In the midst of your wonderful intent can you think back to a time that you received clothing as a gift that you knew you would never wear, yet felt a sense of obligation to keep, or worse, to wear?
The Perfect Lives of Style Bloggers What I've learned and what I'm sure I will continue to learn is that I'll probably never be that perfect domestic Goddess. I'll never be able to keep up with a constant schedule of hair salons and nail salons and spinning classes. And, you know what, that's OK.
8 Chic Winter Looks for Pregnant Gals When our bodies are morphing seemingly out of control before our very eyes, YES, we want to look good! And we can absolutely do so without spending a small fortune.
Designer Suzanne Rae's Original Femininity Brooklyn based fashion designer Suzanne Rae's Spring/Summer 2015 collection is encapsulated by head to toe monochrome black or white with the occasional pop of a head to toe painterly print. The collection captures a women's ability to embody both the delicate and the strong in one simple look.
Agua Bendita - Exporting Colombia's Sexiness The personality of Colombia has come to grace through the various reflections of its beauty; a place that is sexy in both body and spirit. The country is lucky to have such a (well) fitting representative.
Jenny Slate Looks Smokin' Hot On Our Best Beauty List 
This Is The Minimalist Instagram Of Your Dreams 
No, Thanks 
I on Beauty 
Every Single Time The Kardashians Killed It This Week 
Proof That Victoria's Secret Models Take The Ultimate Selfies 
My Turtleneck Is Choking Me! And Other Winter Wardrobe Struggles I have recently fallen in love with the turtleneck. It's a fairly new relationship, inspired by Nora Ephron. It elongates my neck, keeps me warm and has a simple elegance to it. It's a perfect winter staple because you can wear it with anything.
A LBD For Under $50? Don't Mind If We Do 
With This $17 Razor, You'll Never Be Embarrassed Again 
Michelle Phan, YouTube's 'Beauty Bestie,' Empowers Women From The Outside In 
Woman Gets First Makeover In 53 Years 
This. Actually. Happened. 
We're One Big Step Closer To A More Sustainable Industry, Thanks To This New Initiative 
Live Updates From The Best Cyber Monday Deals Happening Right Now 
When A Regular Gift Won't Cut It, Try Giving An Experience 
Let Your Style Be Your Gateway to Living Authentically If you experience a day similar to my experience noted above and would like to continue along your new found style awakening, here are some subsequent steps I recommend.
Proof That Chrissy Teigen Is The Funniest Celebrity On Instagram 
North West's Persistently Trendy Style 
What Chadwick Boseman Can Teach Men About Getting Dressed 
5 Steps to Efficiently Tackle Discount Racks This Black Friday For some shoppers it is a thrill to sort through all the racks and find hidden gems, while for others shopping the discount racks can be overwhelming and time-consuming, particularly if they do not like shopping or if they have little time on their hands. But not to worry! There is a way to minimize your shopping time.
Plus-Size Holiday Fashion When you're a plus-size girl, dressing up is a way of saying, \Not today, world!\ I lucked out, because my coming-of-age was fortuitously aligned with the rise of on-trend, plus-size fashion. I think you can change your life one dress at a time. These days, there's no way I'd opt out of gorgeous holiday fashion, or family photos. Here are three holiday looks inspired by the beauty of this time of year.
We're Thankful For Curvy Models, Curly Hair And More! 
Ladies, It's Time To Toss The Traditional Red 
Black Friday and Cyber Monday Shopping Tips When it comes to online shopping, know your measurements and use the size charts. If you are like me, you'll be grabbing that extra serving of stuffing (my favorite) the evening before -- and the morning after. So know your size before then so you can ensure a perfect fit.
The Mysterious Japanese Company Behind The World's Best Zippers 
How I Broke Up With My Clothes (And My Walk-in Closet) 
Stitch Fix Is The Cheapest Way To Get A Personal Stylist 
Remember When Nick Jonas Looked Like This? 
Ampere Puts Women First Now, as they look ahead at the second anniversary of the company, the fashion entrepreneurs are reflecting on some of major lessons they've learned along the way.
American Music Awards Red Carpet 2014 Was Glamorous And Over The Top, Of Course 
Thanks Rihanna, Now We Want THIS Lipstick Color 
We LOVE Tevas And Socks 
Proof That Fashionable Kids Are The Best Part Of Winter 
I on Exceptional Living - The Exceptional Lives of Nikki Haskell, Mavis Staples, Cindy Crawford, Robert C. Merton, Catharine Hamilton & Marilyn Hoffman 
Look As Cozy As Taylor Swift For Only $26 
Save This Season With the holiday season rapidly approaching, it's time to start thinking about what you're going to gift. Naturally, The Underwear Expert has an answer for that
Christie Brinkley Launching Skincare Line 
Non-Traditional and Cool Decorations for the Holidays Over a glass of champagne recently, I had to pick the brains of decorator extraordinaire Tricia Huntley, one of my favorite DC interior style experts.
Robin Wright's New Pajama Line Will Make You Love Her Even More Than You Already Do 
The New Label You're Going To Want Your Boyfriend To Wear 
Bloomingdale's Black Friday Sale Has Everything From Cashmere Sweaters To Nutribullet Blenders 
How To Find The Right Haircut For Your Face Shape 
Let's Not Forget That Men Have Impeccable Winter Style, Too 
There She Glows! 
We Can't Believe Kim Let This Happen 
Mindy Kaling Is As Stylish As She Is Funny 
It's A Huge Day For Kendall Jenner 
Yes, Anyone Can Wear Red Lipstick 
Where To Shop For The Best Sneakers Of The Season 
The Definitive Guide to Fall Outerwear 'Tis the season when your outer layer dictates your first impression. With an onslaught of new styles this season, it's hard to know which one is right for you. So we took the guesswork out of the equation.
The Fashion Set Shows Us How To Look Cool But Stay Warm 
BRB, Going To Get Our Septums Pierced 
The Haircut That Celebrities Can't Get Enough Of 
Breeder's Cup Gift Lounge 
Beyonce Steps Out In Yet Another Affordable Look 
The 'Party Dress' Might Be On Its Way Out 
Kick Start Your Wardrobe With This Season With Four Must-Have Boots The temperature may be cooling down, but fall footwear is heating up -- and the best way to update your look is by making sure you're a stylish step ahead of the competition in some new on trend boots!
6 Hand Creams That'll Save Your Digits From Cold Weather 
Mule-ing it Over Women's fashion choices are rarely motivated by reason. Each time we put on a shoe, a belt, or a cocktail ring, we hope our attire and outward appearance can have a transformative effect on our inner mood.
10 Trending Trench Coats Under $400 There are only a few staple pieces essential to a fall wardrobe, and a trench coat is one of them! These classically comprised and weather resistant toppers are easy to wear and even easier to love, whether strolling, shopping or working.
Now THIS Is A Milkmaid Braid 
The Funniest Tweets From People In Fashion 
The Perfect Way To Amp Up Your Purse Game Without Spending Tons Of Money 
Why Skinny Jeans Keep You From Being Happy What if we chose to live a life where we weren't chasing the skinny girls, the popular girls, the girls who like to tell us constantly how great their lives are on Facebook? Here's how to begin:
A Day in the Life With Angela Simmons With the immense amount of effort we put into breeding independent women and fueling the women empowerment message, Angela puts her efforts into being a role model with her philanthropy work and exceptional work ethic.
Paisley Is Making A Comeback Flashback to the '70s of pass\u00e9 shag rugs, big hair, and loud paisley prints. That's right, those busy patterned ties you remember your grandfather always wearing have trickled down to skivvies as the hottest trend in men's underwear right now.
9 Wedding Dress Trends For Anti-Princess Brides 
Beyonc\u00e9's Mom Steals The Red Carpet Spotlight 
We. Need. These. Shoes. 
Holy Moly, Sweater Weather Is In Full Force 
Fall/Winter Coat Trends and Styling Ideas Fall starts out mild and easy when it comes to the weather but everybody knows that colder temperatures are just around the corner. Not to forget the sleet, slush, freezing rain, ice and snow.
The Day I Met Oscar de la Renta With each design, he instilled a sense of strength, resilience and romance.  Whether you were falling in love with a Russian on TV, accompanying your husband to an inaugural ball on his first day as President or sitting for the cover of Vogue, de la Renta was always by your side.
What Your Birthstone Really Means 
The Best Fall Moisturizers. Period. 
These Boots Are Made For Gawkin' This season I am all into the treads. Here are 5 pairs of boots that will make you feel like a badass. I've also put all the looks mentioned below on my Pinterest page.
Authentic Sensuality What makes a woman independent is her imagination, a desire to become the shero in her own story and the master of her fate. It has nothing to do with \the reality\ others see, only what she chooses to see and act upon.
It Looks Like It's Time To Invest In Some Gold Jewelry 
Navy Blue Is The New Black 
Celebs Show Us Different Ways To Sport A Bob On This Week's Beauty List 
We'll Take Kylie Jenner's Bikini In Every Color, Please 
Sex, Violence, and Weight I live in a different world than many, in that I don't believe in doom and gloom, I believe in hope and that things are getting better. You can look at upheavels in all areas as creating anew. Change is the mode of life, it's a given.
Tilda Swinton Is The New Beautiful Face Of NARS, And The Reason Why Is Pretty Great 
Holiday Season Perfect For Big Change in Your Hair Style Hair is about expression, and if you've been 'expressing' the same thing for a long time, you probably need to make a change for its own sake. There is no better time to make that move than during the 'see-and-be-seen' party season.
Zen Is In With The 10 Best & Buzziest Yoga Tanks Behind every great yogi is the perfect yoga tank.
A Conversation on Getting Dressed After reading a few pages of \Women in Clothes,\ I knew that I wanted to base my reviews on my ever-changing and inconsistent personal style woes which I am currently experiencing.
What Annoys Me About Birchbox The most important thing to me is that my products are good and kind. I'm not OK with putting anything on my body or in my hair that involved the torture of animals. And let's be real
FAShion Arts Society in Chicago It was the end of a long, fantastic day #1 for our group, the FAShion Arts Society of the Indianapolis Museum of Art. We were overnighting in Chicago, a first for our still-new affiliate group, in one of its grand downtown hotels.
18 Cozy Fall Scarves To Keep You Warm All Season Long 
11 Easy Halloween Costumes That Are Clever, Not Crass 
The Hat Everyone And Their Mother Wears 
The Eyes Have It On This Week's Beauty List 
Yup, There's Now An EE Cream 
These Stars Really Messed Up On This Week's Worst-Dressed List 
It's Safe To Say That Emma Roberts Has Never Looked So Good 
The Funniest Tweets From People In The Fashion World This Week 
10 Models Reveal Their Dream Selfie Partners Models, sometimes they're just like us!  With seemingly everyone and their mother on Instagram these days, it appears that no one is immune to the art of the selfie.
Lupita Nyong'o Speaks On Her Personal Beauty 
The Right Way to Care For Sweaters Each winter, there always seems to be one sweater that's sacrificed to the fashion gods. It's been shrunk to doll-size proportions because you swore you could wash it yourself, or it ends up warped and faded in the back of your closet.
Does Social Media Ruin Relationships? 
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds 
The Gift of Afro-Textured Hair In Pictures In addition to interviewing Lurie Favors of Afro-State of Mind about the steps needed to overcome hair-bullying directed at afro-textured hair, I contacted thought leaders and asked them why afro-textured hair is a gift. These are their responses.
Get Chic This Upcoming Fall Season The impeccable form-fitting tailoring of the dress ensconces the waist accentuating the feminine shape. The gorgeous gown will get you noticed, opt for this number when you really want to make an impression while entertaining for that special occasion at home.
Amp Up Your Knuckle Rings With French Fries And Sushi 
3 Tips for Finding a Signature Fragrance for Any Season You would think finding a signature scent for any season would be easy, however; there are three things to consider before committing to a purchase.
Here Is Yet Another Reason To Love Cate Blanchett 
Here's Proof That Everyone in Fashion Loves To Instagram Coffee 
Stars On This Week's Beauty List Prove You Can Never Go Wrong With An Updo 
I Hate Coconut Oil 
8 Things Your Friends Really Need To Chill About 
How You Can Look Like Rihanna For $80 
Everyone On Twitter REALLY Likes October 3rd 
The Best-Dressed List Is Extra Special This Week 
Afro-Textured Hair This type of hair-bullying is not just present in the media. It is present in our homes as learned self-hatred manifests in comments to little girls with looser textures that they have \pretty hair,\ while little girls with kinkier hair textures are told that they have \bad hair.\
Skincare Tips for the Changing Seasons One minute, I'm in flip flops, the next minute I'm covering myself in blankets and pulling out sweaters that most likely smell like moth balls. In addition to the wardrobe changes, my skin definitely takes a hit.
No Inspector Gadget Vibes Here 
How Ciara Won Paris Fashion Week 
Russell James On What It's Like To Photograph Nude Models 
Chanel Holds A Protest At Paris Fashion Week Because Of Course 
The Six Best Fall Foundations. Period. 
A 2-Step Makeup Tutorial That Will Enhance Your Natural Beauty \The ing\u00e9nue is the cool girl of the group. The look is pretty, fresh, effortlessly gorgeous, and Bambi-eyed...\ - Charlotte Tilbury
Suit Up In case you didn't know, a suit jacket is the most versatile item you can own as its able to be dressed-up with a shirt and tie, dressed-down with your favorite tee and layered under and over without losing any of its sartorial appeal.
The Best Of Paris Fashion Week Street Style 
Nude-Lipped Celebrities Took Over This Week's Beauty List 
5 Old-School Brands With Totally New Looks 
The Twins That Have Way More Swagger Than You 
The Coolest Tweets From Paris Fashion Week 
Fall Fashion Is Great Because Sweatpants 
16 Most Annoying Things Fashion People Do on Social Media 
How You Can Identify Fake Fashion Items From the Real Ones The best way to recognize fakes is to look at the details. Listed here are 5 good details to look for when distinguishing a fake from a real product.
From Finance To Fashion Week, One Woman's Path In Pursuit Of Good Underwear 
Men, Here Is Yet Another Reason For You To Shop On Amazon 
Instagram Wants You To Know It's Fall 
4 DIY Hairstyles That Take Unwashed Hair To The Next Level 
The Simple Trick That'll Make Your Old Sweaters Look New Again 
Naomie Harris' Amazing Cheap Find... That You Can Buy RIGHT NOW 
Is This The Lazy Man's Answer To Good Style? 
8 Gross Beauty Issues That Are More Common Than You Think 
What's Your Style Type? 
How To Pop Your Collar Without Looking Like A Bro 
DIWhyNot 
We Take It Back, We Still Love The Sheer Trend 
This Social Media Heartthrob Is A Poet. And He Just Brought Poetry's Sexy Back. 
The Only Thing That Could Ever Make A NYC Apartment Seem 'Affordable' 
Leather And Lace Isn't Always A Winning Combination 
Autumn Agenda Fret not, because I've got you covered. Sartorially anyway. Worrying about whether or not your plus one will be as cute as your outfit is completely up to you.
5 Must-Have Mommy Pieces for Early Fall You'll likely find them working their way into your wardrobe more than once or twice a week until the sun shuts down completely and we officially call it winter.
5 Sexy Nail Lacquers to Rock This Fall The slight chill in the air has me dreaming of scarves, boots and leather moto jackets. As we transition our closets to fit the change in season, we must do the same with our nail lacquer.
9 Items You Need This Fall...That You Probably Already Own 
VMAs and Emmys Big at the VMAs, but not so much at the Emmys, was the ponytail. Ariana Grande had a beautiful, high ponytail in creamy mocha, reminiscent of the late 60s and 70s, for her appearance on the red carpet and performance at the VMAs.
New York Fall Fashion Week 2014 Is Here and Fitness Activewear Is Front & Center With more and more women spending time at the gym, an average of 3-4 times per week, there is a growing market for fashionable workout apparel.
Celebration b michael Spring 2015 Art openings, theatre opening nights, The Academy Awards,The Kentucky Derby, White House state dinners. The b Michael AMERICA Spring collection shown at the Pavilion during New York's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week signaled the celebration of events in American style.
Learn To Rock A Leather Jacket From The Pros 
How to Dress for Football Season From a Former NFL Cheerleader Whether I am at home on the couch, at my favorite sports bar or in the Superdome (where I will have a chance to see a couple of games), I like to wear team colors, but also look fashionable.
The Nail Polishes Everyone Will Be Wearing Next Spring 
Michael Alan Stein Style During Fashion Week great design is everywhere in NYC. Michael Alan Stein showed his S/S 2015 women's ready-to-wear collection downtown at the Broad Street Ballroom. His collection featured sculptural dresses and pants.
Mindy Kaling Has No Problem Shaking The Fashion Haters Off 
What The Best-Dressed Men Wore To New York Fashion Week 
#NoFilter Skin, Baby Hairs & More Major Beauty Moments From New York Fashion Week 
The Kids At Fashion Week Have Better Style Than All Of Us 
Fashion Editors Might Just Be Funnier Than You Think 
Wait, Taylor Swift's Entire Outfit Cost Under $60?! 
Out Of Everything We Saw At New York Fashion Week, THIS Is What We Want 
Finding New Vitality as a Stylist on the Red Carpets Fashion Week is more like \Fashion Month.\ It started with New York Fashion Week, followed by week-long events in London, then Milan and Paris. It's too much to watch it all, and the focus is on the clothing for the spring and summer next year. The hair, though, is integral and trend setting.
Kylie Jenner Gets Her Mod(el) On 
Model Confidential We were lucky enough to sit down with Maggie while she prepared to make her return to the runway and open one of the most highly anticipated shows of the season -- Michael Kors.
Is This The Least Wearable Trend For Spring? 
Victoria's Secret Model Alessandra Ambrosio Reveals She Uses Vitamin C Serums With doctors and supermodels backing topical skin care products with Vitamin C, it's no wonder these products are all the rage on internet shopping portals like Amazon.com.
What's Trending Under Your Jeans? As you may have guessed, we're a little obsessed with all things underwear at The Underwear Expert (the name is a hint). So when our pals Garcon Model conducted an online survey questioning 1,000 men about their skivvies, compiled their findings into a fun infographic.
How to Bring the Sex Back to Your Sex Life So next time you think your love life is boring, rather than accepting the status quo, take responsibility and ask yourself, \What can I do to make it better?\
Tired Of The Cat Eye? Try This Liner Trick Instead 
13 Reimagined Moto Jackets To Rev Up Your Fall Style 
Why You Should Use Conditioner BEFORE Getting In The Shower 
Kelly Rowland on Watches, Lashes and Her Pregnancy Style Former Destiny's Child member and current expectant mother Kelly Rowland unveiled her new Kelly Rowland Canteen Bracelet Special Edition watch by TW Steel on September 4.
Kendall Jenner And Naomi Campbell Make Their Debuts At New York Fashion Week 
Brooklyn Has Never Looked Better 
There's A Whole Lot More To Fashion Week Than The Runways 
All The Best Accessories From NYFW 
My Love-Hate With Online Dating I'm no expert with online dating, and I'm not in a rush to get into a relationship, but let me share with you what has worked for me. It's helped me get rid of the junk. And speaking of junk, men, quit it. You're the only one that thinks it looks fabulous.
Rihanna Is All Legs At New York Fashion Week 
The Fashion World Mourns Joan Rivers 
The Biggest Fashion Week Trend Is Already In Your Closet 
Awe-Inspiring Photos Of Military Servicewomen Walking The Runway 
The News in Blues Is there anything that feels more Autumn-like than a crisp pair of... jeans? The answer is no, no there isn't. But with so many options in terms of rises and styles, it's no wonder a girl can get overwhelmed when shopping for the perfect pair of jeans to fall in love with.
Joan Rivers' Best Red Carpet Moments Of All Time 
Here's How To Share Your Favorite Fashion Trends With HuffPost Style 
How To Do A Lobster Tail Hair Twist In 8 Easy Steps 
30 Items We Just Know You're Going To Want For Fall 
6 E-Shops You Don't Know About (But Need To) 
The Lipstick Shade That Will Get You Excited For Fall 
If This Is What Fall Looks Like, Sign Us Up 
Fashion Editors Do Food Porn Better Than You 
The President Wore A Tan Suit, Broke The Internet 
How To Recover From Unicorn Hair 
Beyonce Holds A Chanel #Surfbort In CR Fashion Book 
The New Stars Of H&M Are Kind Of Unexpected 
You Will Never Believe Who You Can Now Follow On Instagram 
And The Worst-Dressed Stars At The Emmys Were... 
The Best & Worst In Emmy Hair And Makeup 
Robin Wright's Emmy Dress Is As Sleek As It Is Fierce 
Kate Mara's Angelic Emmy Dress Nails It 
Julia Roberts Has Never Looked Better 
We're Surprised By Mindy Kaling's Emmy Dress 
Kristen Wiig Stuns In White At The 2014 Emmy Awards 
Lena Heady Goes Dark And Dramatic For The 2014 Emmys 
Christina Hendricks Is Glamorous In Marchesa For The 2014 Emmys 
Laverne Cox Wows In White At The 2014 Emmys 
Kiernan Shipka Enchants The 2014 Emmys Red Carpet 
Melissa McCarthy's Hair Is The Best Part Of Her Emmys 2014 Look 
Claire Danes Is Red Hot At The 2014 Emmys 
Amy Poehler's Emmy's Dress Is A Sight To Be Seen 
Kerry Washington's Emmys Dress Proves Orange Really Is The New Black 
See Every Dress From The 2014 Emmys Red Carpet 
Katy Perry Gives Us SERIOUS Nostalgia At The 2014 VMAs 
Lena Dunham's Emmys Dress Takes The Cake (But Not In A Great Way) 
Beyonce's MTV Video Music Awards Outfit Is A Sight To Behold 
Michelle Dockery's Emmy Dress Is... Interesting 
All The VMAs Red Carpet Fashion From The 2014 Show 
We Wish We Could Do Our Makeup Like This Every Day 
This Is Lazy-Girl Chic At Its Finest 
This Is How You Wear Shoes With Ankle Straps 
An Ode To The Breezy, Short Dress, Because Summer's Nearly Over 
These Nikes Are Nuts, In A Good Way 
Kourtney Kardashian Found The Perfect Fall Coat For Under $90 
44 Magical Beauty Buys That Will Sell Out 
Kate Moss Gets Wet For The Ice Bucket Challenge 
This Is What Happens When The Ice Queen Gets Ice-Bucketed 
The Surprising Shoe That Will Transform Your Casual Fridays 
Online Dating Guys will increase their chances of a response by 10 percent if they send emails between 9 am and 10 am, while the best time for women to send email messages is between 10 pm and 11 pm.
Makeup Your Career I wouldn't have chosen another career for myself; makeup artistry really combines skill, creativity, a certain amount of science and a requirement for emotional intelligence... But like anything, you really need to work hard to get anywhere.
Get Cuffed Loved for their ability to inject a subversive, punk spirit into just about any outfit, the ear cuff exudes the glitz and glamour of Elizabeth Taylor's treasures with just a hint of Kate Moss rebellion.
Pharrell's Hat Is Even More Famous Than You Think 
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds 
The Hottest Braid In Hollywood Right Now Is... 
Jessica Alba Is OBSESSED With This One Accessory And So Are We 
You're Going To Want To Make Out With Whoever Designed These Pants For the record, I am a happily married mother of one. But that doesn't stop me from wanting to make out with the person/people who decided that this fall would be the season of the slouchy, stretchy pant.
Instagram Sure Was Shady This Week 
Even Jennifer Lawrence Can't Resist A Good Deal 
Lauren Bacall's Iconic Hollywood Glamour Floored Twitter All Over Again This Week 
A Month-Long Journey Without Traditional Deodorant 
The Best Things Under $500 From The September Issues 
Why Cosmetic Enhancements are Considered the New Fountain of Youth 
A New Way to Shampoo You might rub the fake foam around to the back of your skull before you pile all of your hair on top and work the imaginary lather into the lengths of your hair. Then you rinse.
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds 
'I've Learned To Love What Makes Me Me' 
The Only Kardashian (Jenner) You Need To Keep Up With 
This Adult Take On A Classic Children's Hairstyle Is A MUST 
Men's Biggest Grooming Problems Solved 
30 Cool Graphic Tees To Throw On For ANY Occasion 
You'll Never Guess Where Beyonc\u00e9 Loves To Shop 
The Disturbing Fashion Shoot That Enraged Twitter 
Bella Thorne Gives A Preview Of Fall's Hottest Fashion & Beauty Trends 
White Just Might Be The New LBD 
Summer Boating on Deer Lake, ca. 1915 
This Is Why Wearing Prints Can Be Problematic 
7 Awesome August Beauty Buys Under $20 
This Super Stylish 9-Year-Old CEO Will Make You Feel Lazy 
This Curl Butter Is A Second-Day Hair Savior 
Kelly Rowland's Favorite Tips For Expecting Moms 
The Perfect Pop Of Color For Brown-Eyed Girls This color is the perfect compliment to rich, deep brown eyes.
Elle Macpherson Reveals How Her Famous Nickname Really Makes Her Feel 
There Are Few Things Better Than Good Shoe Porn 
Why You Need To Know The Name Reuben Reuel 
How You Can Look Like Beyonce For $35 
The Only Type Of Bra You Need 
Jewelry Paris Style 
5 Fresh Ways to Keep Cool on Hot Days I recently traveled from one sweltering U.S. destination to the next -- Alabama to Washington D.C. to NYC within a week -- and here are my favorite new finds for how to take the sweat out of summer.
Coffee Nail Art That Will Perk Up Your Monday Morning 
A New Hair Trend, Badass Hats And More Accessories We Loved This Week 
Lea Michele Proves That The Ponytail Is Anything But Plain 
We Found The Instagram Account Of Our Dreams 
5 Fresh Ways To Wear Your Summer Dress 
What Size Are You, Really? Making a woman feel insecure regarding how much cloth it takes to cover her body further perpetuates the misogynistic idea that a woman's body is her greatest asset.  J.Crew's introduction of a size 000 is a business move, not a personal one.
Kate Hudson May Have Found The Perfect Cheap Summer Sandal 
This Is What The Internet Had To Say About Blake Lively's New Website 
Everything You Could Buy For The Cost Of One Front Row Seat At Fashion Week 
How To Carry A Backpack And Still Look Like A Grown-Up 
This Is How You Can Rock Summer's Hottest Sneakers 
Leave It To A Chef To Create A DIY Perfume That We Can Eat 
The Best Chambray Shirts For Summer 
Nicole Richie Is Single-Handedly Bringing Back This Trend 
This Is Just The Arm Candy Inspiration You Need On A Sunday 
Rita Ora's 'My Little Pony' Hair Is Eighties-Tastic 
The Most Beautiful Fashion Show We Saw On Twitter This Week 
BeautyDNA 
We NEED Your Cheap Short Shorts, Taylor Swift 
Bring Out the Best in Brows Eyebrows underline your emotions.  The wrong shape can convey unintended vulnerability or aggression.  The smallest change can totally disrupt the balance of your features
Trendy Plus-Size Retailer Eloquii Debuts The 'Curvy Girl' Photo Shoot Of Our Dreams 
The 'New' Briefcase Is Back And Better Than Ever 
Teyonah Parris' Heartfelt Admission 
Weekly Roundup of eBay Vintage Clothing Finds 
Arianna Huffington's Best Beauty And Style Advice 
Watch 70 Deserving Girls Turn Into Prom Queens What happens when GLAM4GOOD has 2 hours to help 70 very deserving girls turn into prom queens?
THIS Is Why Amal Alamuddin Is A Style Star 
Guys, This Incredible '90s Trend Is BACK 
This Designer Is Giving The Olsen Twins A Run For Their Money 
The Coolest Braids We Saw This Week 
'The History Is Told Through The Clothing' 
Terry Richardson To Shoot Entire Issue Of Playboy 
11 Times Sofia Vergara Wore The Exact Same Dress And Looked Stunning 
20 Looks From Men's Fashion Shows That Women Can Wear, Too 
Expression Through Style at Illinois State University When the sun goes down, an even more exciting and busy time begins. Roommates' closets are raided in a race to find the most perfect outfit. Style is always present and always evolving. We may be in the town of Normal but there is nothing uniform or routine about us.
5-Minute Hairstyles -- For Real! 
Now THIS Is How You Rock White-On-White 
Now You Finally Know How To Fold A Pocket Square 
You'll Be Shocked When You Find Out How Much J.Lo Paid For Her Tank 
3 Summer Trends Anyone Can Pull Off 
Stylification Series Tamsin Lonsdale, is most definitely not like any ordinary English rose. She is undeniably beyond intelligent, worldly by definition, unique and strikingly beautiful, jet-setting socialite with impeccable taste, witty as you'd expect from a refined English girl to be but yet she remains humble.
The Fourth Of July Sale Items You Need To Shop Right NOW 
A Fourth Of July Fashion Guide For The Cool Kids 
The Motivation You Need To Get An Edgy Haircut 
Designer and Founder of J. Stark Chats About His American-Made, Timeless Pieces 
Here's Your Fourth Of July Weekend Beauty Survival Kit 
Customized Costume Jewelry (#ArtofY) When Katie launched Three Jane in 2012, she had a singular item, the Map Necklace, and a dream of merging new luxury with customization.
Diversity Is the Name of the Fashion Game for 2014 Women owe this new wide-open design world to the Internet, to pinning, to blogging and to the growing industry of online and TV shopping and the fact the the world is one iPad ,one iPhone, one computer click away.
The Best Top Coat Polishes For Any Type of Manicure 
Discovering The Pink Petticoat, Tampa's Lingerie Treasure Trove Girls just want to have fun! Right? Well The Pink Petticoat is just the place to have some fun; it drips feminism.
NY's Beautique Aims for a Glam Crowd and Fine Cuisine I've long admired the work of Chef Craig Hopson, first at One If by Land, then at Le Cirque, so I was happy to hear he was back behind the stoves, this time at a swanky new 125-seat restaurant with a too-cutesy name, set in the belly of a building across from the Plaza Hotel and next to the venerable Paris movie theater.
How To Look Hot And Stay Cool In Our Favorite Summer Accessories 
Stars Shine In Soft, Romantic Curls On This Week's Beauty List 
13 Potions That Make Air-Drying Your Hair Totally Goof-Proof 
The Models Of Men's Fashion Week 
Beauty 'Truths' We Now Know Are BS 
8 Times Elle Fanning Looked Like A Disney Princess 
These Ladies Know How To Turn Heads 
Miley's Shirt Is Making Us LOL 
There's A Right Way To Do See-Through, And Then There's This 
18 Low-Heeled Sandals To Take On Summer In Stride 
The One Model Who Should Become Your Role Model I don't know about you, but when I see supermodels posting photos of green juice and \dieting secrets\ on their social media accounts, I kind of want to pull my hair out.
Beauty Routines That Can Cause More Harm Than Good While you may like the way these summer beauty rituals look on you, they may be more damaging to your body than you realize. Here are just a few warm-weather fads that can cause more harm than good. They just might not be worth the consequences.
These Are Not Your Granny's Finger Waves 
Seriously, Halle Berry Can Do No Wrong! 
Eva Longoria Paid HOW Much For That Skirt? 
20 Subtle Pieces (That Are Also REALLY Sexy) 
East Carolina's Pirates Show No Quarter When It Comes to Fashion Whether they're rocking their pirate pride in all shades of purple and gold or through the latest fashion trends, the relentless attitude of showing \no quarter\ is ever present when it comes to on campus style.
The Crazy Way Brazilian Beauty Bloggers Are Growing Their Hair 
Deborah Lindquist While last year was the year of the stripe, spring/summer 2014 has introduced a new trend, the year of the print.
What To Wear To A Fashion Job Interview 
11 Camping Essentials You'll Actually Use 
Flat Out Adorable Whether you're out exploring a new city or heading to an impromptu BBQ, step out in style this season in head-to-toe perfection with a pair of fancy flats!
Why I Will Get  a Facelift Some people call it vanity. I call it an investment and if I can afford to have it done, I say why not?
It May Be Time To Throw Out Your Face Cream 
A Conversation With Emilio Pucci's Peter Dundas 
The First Lady Knows Her Summer Prints 
Kate Middleton Proves Once Again That She's (Sort Of) Like Us 
A Brief History Of Venus Williams' Braided Hairstyles 
Makeup Do's and I Prefer You Don'ts Below are some of the makeup do's and don'ts I have found to be helpful for myself and my clients.
J. Crew's Jenna Lyons Doesn't Care How You Dress For Work 
7 Times Prince George Looked Just As Dapper As His Daddy 
THIS Is The Most Clever Way To Wear Your Scarves 
The Best Nighttime Skincare Routine 
Why Chrissy Teigen Is The Ultimate Beach Babe 
These Fashion Grandpas Could Not Be More Adorable 
Jessica Alba Blows Us Away In Red 
Please Explain Yourself, Angie 
Are You Joining The #Cozygirl Movement? 
Everything You Ever Wanted To Know About Rosacea 
Kelly Osbourne 
13 Father's Day Gifts That Will Make Your Dad More Hipster (In A Good Way) 
Jumping Into Jumpsuits at Western Illinois University This Fashionista takes a tip from each aspect of what makes up a typical summer outfit for a Western Illinois student. There is nothing easier than pulling on a jumpsuit when the days are long and the temperatures are rising.
5 Curly Hair Tips To Get You Through Summer 
Whitney Port Teaches Us How To Stay Chic In Sticky Weather 
Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Models Are The 'Holy Grail Of Hot' 
Have You Seen A More Perfect Cat-Eye? 
13 Times Kim And Kanye Were Matching 
Listen Up, Dudes! This Is How You Dress Up A Suit 
The Great No-Shampoo Experiment 
We Can't Believe We Spotted Jessica Alba In These Shoes! 
What's YOUR Fashion Type? 
Remember When Angelina Jolie Looked Like This? 
We Have The Perfect Gift For Your Dad, Quirks And All 
Bridal Hair Questionnaire If you want to step out of your everyday style and transform into your most glamorous self on your wedding day, focus on styles with exaggerated elements
Beyonc\u00e9 And Solange Reunite In The Most Fashionable Way 
Beyonc\u00e9's Big Hair, Baubles & Boobs Cover T Magazine 
And The Winners Of The 2014 CFDA Awards Are... 
Angelina Jolie Revives Her 'Tomb Raider' Look 13 Years Later 
6 Need-To-Know Ingredients For Perfect Skin 
Lupita Nyong'o Is Summertime Fine At The Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic 
This Is The Easiest Way To Deal With Your Hair In The Summer 
21 Wave-Friendly Bikinis For A Wardrobe Malfunction-Free Summer 
Raise Your Hand If You Want Ashley Benson's Bikini As Much As We Do 
Alexander Wang And 'SNL' Are Making Funny Fashion 
The T-Shirt That Talks Back 
Celebrity Makeup Artist Molly R. Stern Relaunches Her Cult Fashion Line 
We Got To Admit, Kendall Jenner Looks Gorgeous In Vogue Paris 
Keep Your Face Smooth With These Refreshing Scrubs 
Beauty Swag Makeup Artists Actually Use 
The Best Top You Didn't Know About 
The Most Gorgeous Hair & Makeup Looks We Spotted At Cannes 
The Clever Instagram Account You Need To Be Following 
30 Summer Essentials You Can't Skip 
Halle Berry Found Our Dream Dress For Only $69 
5 Americana Fashion Fails (And How To Get It Right) 
18 Stylish Gifts Your Dad Actually Wants This Father's Day 
And Target's Latest Fashion Collaboration Is... 
Queen of the Gift Lounges For a woman to manage the best lounges at the Toronto International Film Festival, Cannes, the Golden Globes and the French C\u00e9sar Awards, one must be pretty amazing, so catching up with Dubois-Sissoko was a must.
You Won't Believe What They're Putting Kale In Now 
Chrissy Teigen Has 'Never Thought Of Herself As Sexy' And We Don't Believe Her 
10 Reasons Why Shopping Rules! I know how shallow and materialist it is to admit to the world that I love to shop! But I do, I do, I just @!#$%^&*#?&#$!% do!
Beauty Tips From Amanda Seyfried At home in LA, the normal life continues in the wake of her stardom. \It's beautiful,\ she muses. \I'll joke with my sister and tell her, 'Hey, I'm a film star.' Her response is always the same. She will say, 'That's nice, Amanda. Now go clean up after the cat.'\
Radcliffe Women Have Always Enjoyed 'Hooking Up' I am reluctant to call into question The New York Times, and especially its relatively recent discovery that women on American campuses are driving sexual encounters. After all, it is the American paper of record. However, I must take issue with The Times' recent campus sexual revelations.
In Your Face We know that there are some specific attributes that most objectively \attractive\ faces have in common. These attributes are most recently described in In Your Face, a new book by Australian plastic surgeon Dr. Bryan Mendelson.
Summer Is Almost Here... Which Can Only Mean One (Terrible) Thing 
5 Things That Will Probably Happen On Your Next Road Trip -- and How to Prepare for Them 
Men's Sandals Get A Makeover 
Hair Gels For Men That Don't Leave A Crunchy Finish 
5 Ways Your Period Is Wrecking Your Skin 
Beyonce's 'Run' Trailer Givenchy Lace Pant Suit Is Bloody Hot 
Jessica Chastain Has Us Feeling Blue, But In A Good Way 
What You Didn't Know About Your Favorite TV Shows 
This Is The Cutest Way To Tame Flyaways 
Stars Go For The Bronze (Lipstick) 
Chrissy Teigen Debuts Banging New Hair At The Billboard Music Awards 
PHOTOS 
Best of Black Leggings 
PHOTOS 
Chrissy Teigen Tells Us What Michelle Obama Smells Like, Is Just As Awesome As We Thought 
Where Is the Next Fashion Capital of the South? The fashion scene in New Orleans is thriving. One of its most active promoters is the multi-talented and extremely fashionable Andi Eaton, founder, NOLA Fashion Week, designer, Hazel & Florange, and blogger, Oui We.
Karl Lagerfeld Gives His Best Quote About Plastic Surgery Yet 
Just Jump Through the Fear The easy part is conceptualizing, discussing and considering an idea. The most difficult thing you must do is to just jump.
If You Thought Nail Art Was Dead, You're Dead Wrong 
The Embarrassing Skin Problem Nobody Talks About 
The Easiest & Cheapest Way To Update Your Beauty Look 
We Can't Believe J.Lo Shops At ASOS Either 
Mother-Daughter Magazine Covers We Absolutely Adore 
This Was The 2014 Met Gala On Twitter 
Distressed Denim Has Officially Gone Too Far 
The Best Beauty Advice We've Ever Received From Our Mothers 
The 12 Baby Products That Save Our Adult Lives 
The 9 Worst Outfits From 2005 
'That Nail Polish Looks Horrible On You' And Other Words Of Style Advice From My Grandmother 
Makeup Secrets Because I tend to use very little makeup, the makeup that I do use, I LOVE! These items have been with me through thick and thin and I'm sure they'll work just as well for you!
Trend Talk 
TOMS and Warby Parker Aren't the Only Buzzworthy Brands 
9 Fashion Items You Should Definitely Let Back In Your Life 
Blake Lively And Ryan Reynolds Are Officially The Sexiest Couple 
How Did We Almost Miss This At The Met Gala? 
Shailene Woodley And Lena Dunham Prove The Met Gala Can Be Fun, Too 
And The Best Met Gala Photo Of The Night Is... 
Is That You Crazy Eyes? 
The Greatest Met Gala Moments We Found On Instagram 
Alexa Chung Wears Our Dream Outfit 
The Perfect Hairstyle For Rainy, Humid Days 
11 Essentials For Every Dressy Occasion 
40 Under $100 Swimsuits To Buy Now 
PHOTOS 
The Balayage Effect If the word is new to you, it would be my pleasure to introduce you to my favorite highlighting technique for sun-kissed Spring and Summer hair.
Our Mother's Day 2014 Beauty Gift Guide For Every Budget 
Cheer Yourself Up On A Rainy Day With These Boots 
For 10 Years Wine Women & Shoes Puts Its Best Foot Forward Elaine Honig developed the idea for a different kind of fundraiser while she was at Honig Vineyard & Winery in Napa Valley.  She wanted something more than the same old boring wine and food pairing event.
Why One Woman Left A Successful Career In Finance To Break Into Beauty 
The Ultimate Guide On How To Fold A Pocket Square 
What Would You Have Looked Like 100 Years Ago? 
44 Gap Commercials, 1 List 
There's No Rush Silver hair, on the right woman, can be about joyful illumination, an understanding of what she wants and the ability to get it. She knows how to live life really well in every way.
Office Makeup Dos and Don'ts Here are some proven dos and don'ts when it comes to how to apply your office makeup.
Could Kate Upton Look Any More Perfect? 
Taylor Swift Is Trying To Bring Back Knee Socks 
Spring Must-Haves For Cool, Curvy Girls 
The Gap Has A Picture-Perfect Instagram Account 
Things Got Pretty Hairy On Twitter This Week 
We NEED Kendall Jenner's Off-The-Shoulder Top 
25 Throw-On-And-Go Skirts For Every Occasion 
'Weightism Is Pretty Much The Last Acceptable Version Of Discrimination' 
There Were Almost A Few Wardrobe Malfunctions On This Week's Worst-Dressed List 
Prince George REALLY Doesn't Want To Leave Australia 
Solange Knowles Is Our Main Squeeze In Lemon Yellow Outfit 
Proof That Barbara Streisand Is Just As Cool As She Is Talented (PHOTOS) 
Katy Perry's CoverGirl Instagram Ad Is 15 Seconds Of Gorgeousness 
What's Roaring in 2014 
When Did Lululemon Become a Noun Synonymous With Leggings? With all the the talk about Lululemon's \dumpy\ new CEO Laurent Potdevin at the helm of the fitness conscious company, it only seems fitting to explore the brand's highly contoured and often copycatted clothing -- and what's made it the most sought after non-athletic, athletic apparel.
How Butt Clenching Gave Me More Body Confidence 
10 Secrets For Youthful Skin 
Why We 'Wanna Be Down' With Brandy's Afro 
Now These Girls Have The Best Wardrobes Both On AND Off Screen 
Royal Baby Alert! Prince George Visits The Zoo 
We'd Dress Like These Ladies Everyday If We Could 
7 Gross Health Problems & How To Fix Them 
Deborah Lindquist 
The Sales Of The Week Will Make You Forget That It's 30 Degrees In April 
2014 MTV Movie Awards Gifting Suites 
Kate Middleton Accessorizes Her Blue Poppy Dress With A... Fighter Jet? 
Kate Middleton Does Something Seriously Impressive In Australia 
