It's Weird That American Restaurants Serve Ice Water In Winter. But why do we even have ice in our drinks in the first place?
Pineapple Casserole, The Southern Dish That's A Paradox Of Flavors. It's got pineapple, cheddar and a whole lot of butter.
How To Actually Get A Bartender's Attention. Plus other things they wish you knew.
Diet Coke's Millennial-Inspired Makeover Leaves People Befuddled. It's not like a regular soda, it's a cool soda.
We Tested The New 'Tearless' Onions To See If They Really Work. Put away your goggles, people.
In-N-Out Burger Now Serves Hot Cocoa And It's Causing Quite A Stir. Some people are so excited.
KFC Trolls Trump With Spoof Ronald McDonald Threat. \Mine is a box meal which is bigger and more powerful than his, and mine has gravy!\
The Best Mocktails To Order At The Bar. These aren't your lame old virgin daiquiris.
How The Heck Do Air Fryers Work, Anyway?. Make everyday Fry Day \ud83c\udf5f
Coffee Cake To Cocktails. There\u2019s no better way to ring in the New Year than with a festive brunch enjoyed with friends and family. From hair of the
Party Time! 18 Festive Finger Foods For New Year's Eve. Coconut Shrimp makes fabulous finger food for a party. Feel free to pan-fry the shrimp a few hours ahead of time and reheat
Pour One Out, Flavortown Fans. \Everyone dye your frosted tips black in mourning.\
Blue Apron Now Has A Whole30 Meal Plan, But Only Through February. The promotion ends Feb. 26 \ud83e\udd57
Twitter Users Call Out New York Times\u2019 Chopsticks Photo For Cultural Insensitivity. The chopsticks were placed in a manner reserved for funerals.
17 Swoon-Worthy Christmas Desserts. With a crisp and buttery shortbread crust, luscious lemon filling, and dusting of powdered sugar, these lemon squares are
31 Scrumptious Christmas Dinner Recipes. Made with dark brown sugar, golden syrup, brown butter, and a shot of bourbon, the pie is richer with a more complex praline
British Baker Recreates Little Town Of Bethlehem From Fruitcake. This Bethlehem is a fundraising project for a local school playground.
Dunkin' Donuts Coffee Is Being Turned Into A Stout Beer. DDark Roasted Brew is the first beer to be made with the company's dark roast beans.
We Tried 3 Popular Dairy-Free Eggnogs \u2014 And Here's This Season's Winner. Since trendy milk alternatives have stormed the standard dairy scene, new festive and eggless-nog options have been popping up left and right.
We Tried All The Whole Foods Holiday Snacks \u2013 And Here Are Our Favorites. Someone had to do it.
How To Build A Structurally Sound Gingerbread House. Never fret about collapsing candy walls again.
Season's Eatings! 14 Homemade Holiday Food Gifts. The bread is tender and sweet-scented with a\u00a0gorgeous ribbon\u00a0of melted chocolate running through it that complements the
11 Super Easy Weeknight Meals To Get You Through The Holidays. In this quick and easy riff on spinach and ricotta cannelloni, penne pasta is tossed in a creamy spinach, basil and ricotta
Mario Batali\u2019s Apology For Sexual Harassment Included A Cinnamon Roll Recipe. The celebrity chef oddly tacked on a recipe to an apology note to fans.
Jamie Oliver Says He'd Do This Disgusting Thing If He Had To Cook For Donald Trump. Let's just say he'd want to get things moving.
Epic Gingerbread House Fails Are Your New Favorite Holiday Tradition. People are sharing snaps of their misshapen creations, which look NOTHING like this picture.
Sarah Huckabee Sanders Actually Has An A+ Trolling Game On Twitter. She's making her critics eat some humble pie.
Gingerbread Dessert Recipes For The Best Holiday Baking. It's beginning to feel a lot like Christmas.
Mario Batali Advocated Doing 'The Right Thing' Weeks Before Being Accused Of Misconduct. The celebrity chef indicated he was a champion for women while speaking at an event in October.
Chef Mario Batali Takes Leave After 4 Women Accuse Him Of Sexual Misconduct. He reportedly groped the women over the period of 20 years.
What Is Eggnog Made Out Of, Anyway?. Mmmmm, raw eggs.
A Taste Of Hanukkah. Latkes are traditionally made on the stovetop but I prefer to fry them in the oven. They\u2019re no healthier, mind you, but they\u2019re
Snickerdoodles To Biscotti. Crisp and powdery on the outside, and soft and fudgy in the center
The Absolute Best Kitchen Knives, According To Our Test Kitchen. Slice, chop and serrate your way to greatness with these bona fide blades.
Vancouver's Wildly Popular Dinner Series is Helping Syrian Women Settle into a New Home. Tayybeh, a Canadian pop-up and catering project powered by immigrants, sells out 150-seat meals in hours By Eagranie Yuh
12 Festive Holiday Appetizers To Get The Party Season Started. Retro they may be, but Swedish Meatballs make perfect party fare. Made from beef and pork and served in a light cream sauce
The Trader Joe's Holiday Products Every Lazy Girl Swears By. Stock up now because these items won't be available for long.
Ina Garten Hails 'Magic Powers' Of Roast Chicken In Royal Engagement. The perfect response from the roast chicken master herself.
10 Lighter Dishes To Make After Thanksgiving. If you\u2019re in need of a little pick-me-up, this soul-satisfying soup is just the ticket. Here\u2019s what I love about it
Wendy's Deliciously Trolls McDonald's Over Botched Black Friday Tweet. This was yummy.
12 Make-Ahead Brunch Recipes That Make Hosting A Breeze. This recipe was inspired by the homemade granola served The Inn at Occidental in Sonoma County, CA. With crisp clusters of
Asian-Americans Share Their Perfect Twists On The Classic Thanksgiving Feast. Sticky rice next to the turkey? Heavenly.
Cooking Off the Cuff. I sometimes think that most vegetables of a given season are intrinsically harmonious
10 Ways To Know You're Having A Southern Thanksgiving. It's dressing, not stuffing. And other unmistakable holiday traditions of the South.
14 Make-Ahead Side Dishes For Thanksgiving, So You Don't Have To Stress. Turkey may be the main event on Thanksgiving but, let\u2019s be honest, it\u2019s the side dishes that everyone really looks forward
Pecan Pie To Pumpkin Cheesecake. Don\u2019t forget about your chocoholics on Thanksgiving! With a chocolate cookie crust, silky chocolate pudding center and pillowy
The Most-Googled Thanksgiving Pies And Sides In Every State. We salute you, Wisconsin.
Where To Buy A KitchenAid Mixer For Cheap On Black Friday. Wow your foodie BFF \ud83c\udf6a\ud83c\udf70
Papa John's Apologizes For 'Divisive' NFL Protests Comments, Flips Bird At Neo-Nazis. \We sincerely apologize to anyone that thought they were divisive.\
Psychologists Explain How To Deal With The Nightmare That Is Thanksgiving Dinner. It doesn't have to be this way.
Cooking Off The Cuff. I\u2019ve been making this celeriac-mushroom-onion tart for a while, but it was only recently that Jackie and I realized what
The $40 Gadget That'll Help You Cook The Biggest Meal You've Ever Made. For folks who would rather host than play guest \ud83c\udf7d
21 Stellar Thanksgiving Side Dishes You Can Make Ahead Of Time. The early bird gets to relax!
15 Recipes That Prove Fall Is The Best Season For Baking. Here are some tasty treats to add to your holiday repertoire.
Stop Everything \u2014 Williams Sonoma Has A Harry Potter Cookware Line. We can't wait to order ours.
The One Thing You're Forgetting To Bring To Thanksgiving Dinner. Your hostess will love you for this.
Tom Colicchio's Open Letter To Male Chefs. \u201cThis isn\u2019t just a matter of a few bad eggs and \u200bwe all know it.\
People Are Putting Glitter On Their Cappuccinos, Because It's 2017. This is all we have now.
People Are Boycotting Jim Beam Because Of Something Mila Kunis Said. The brand's spokesperson is causing quite a stir.
How To Cook A Turkey, And Other Thanksgiving Questions Answered. We know you're wondering.
Google Now Shows Wait Times For Restaurants And Grocery Stores. Now you just have to figure out what to eat.
Accio Spatula! Williams Sonoma Just Launched A Harry Potter Cookware Line. We\u2019ve lost our wands just trying to decide which house would fit us best.
Starbucks Is Bringing An Italian Bakery Chain To The U.S., And It Looks Magical. Coffee fans rejoice!
9 Speedy Suppers For The Hangry Family. This easy weeknight pasta dish is a quick riff on\u00a0spinach and ricotta cannelloni. Instead of stuffing pasta\u00a0shells with the
11 Sweet And Savory Apple Recipes You'll Fall For. Baked oatmeal is a traditional Amish breakfast casserole that has a consistency similar to bread pudding. There are endless
9 Easy Thanksgiving Side Dishes. All the last-minute Thanksgiving dishes you're searching for!
How Your Body Knows The Difference Between 100 Calories Of Kale vs. Junk Food. The more you know!
This Type Of Fruit Juice Has Been Found To Help You Get An Extra 84 Minutes Of Sleep A Night. It\u2019s been found that cherry juice can do wonders for those who may have trouble sleeping at night.\u00a0 Recent research from
Make Healthy Mashed Potatoes With This One Kitchen Tool. Hint
Turkey Alternatives To Serve This Thanksgiving. Imagine the possibilities! \ud83d\ude45 \ud83d\udc14
The Best Food Processors, According To Amazon Reviewers. Yes, food processors and blenders should be used differently.
Starbucks Wants You To Color In This Year's Holiday Cup. Say goodbye to the red!
Brew Up This Boozy 'Beetlejuice' Cocktail For A Healthy Halloween Fix. One sip of this scarily good\u00a0cocktail\u00a0will have you fixing for a refill faster than you can say \u201cBeetlejuice\u201d three times
Cultural Travel In Italy. Part One. It had been a long time since Jackie and I were in the Emilia Romagna region of northern Italy
Google's Cheeseburger Emoji Has One MAJOR Flaw. \What are we? Heathens?\
All The Places Where You Can Get Free Food On Halloween. Yum! \ud83d\udc7b
There's A Reason Everyone's So Freaked Out By This Clear Pumpkin Pie. \We instinctively recoil from food that has the 'wrong' color.\
16 Sinful Sweets For Your Boo Bash. Halloween and caramel go hand-in-hand.
11 Cozy French Recipes To Warm Up Your Weekend. This dish\u00a0involves layering thinly sliced potatoes with heavy cream (a lot of it!) and grated cheese and then baking until
Lawyers Explain What The Restaurant Industry Needs To Do To Protect Women. And all of its employees, for that matter.
Ladur\u00e9e's Macarons Are Made In Factories Far, Far Away, And Now We Have Trust Issues. \They hibernate and then we slowly wake them.\
Cooking Like Ina Garten Left Me Exhausted \u2014 And Broke. Even if she doesn\u2019t know it, Ina Garten has always been my culinary mentor.
10 Kitchen Tools You Need For Thanksgiving. From bird to pie, we've got you covered.
The Queen's Former Chef Reveals Her Basic Go-To Breakfast. We never expected this!
Cooking Off The Cuff. Last week I undertook to cook some of the wonderful things Jackie and I ate in Modena and Parma. And I\u2019ve started, but not
This Hidden Message From McDonald's UK Is Hurting People's Eyes. Not lovin' it.
How To Eat More Vegetables. Healthy cooking doesn't have to suck.
The Best Wines To Pair With Your Halloween Candy, In One Chart. Sounds like a party to us.
Family Favorites. Here are some dishes primed to become staples in your household.
This Is An Adult, Boozy-Flavored Version Of The Ring Pop And It's Actually So Pretty. It\u2019s called the Campari on the Rocks cocktail ring, and it\u2019s both boozy and gorgeous.
A SoCal Brunch Spot Was Caught Using Popeyes Chicken In Its Dishes. \We saw them quickly bring in two large boxes to the kitchen.\
Famous Chefs Are Stepping Up To The Plate In The Wake Of Natural Disasters. They've fed hundreds of thousands of people and counting.
Cooking Off The Cuff. When traveling, Jackie and I invariably eat something that\u2019s completely new to us. Sometimes it is so dependent on a local
These Heroic Food Trucks Are Coming To The Rescue Of California Fire Victims. The photos are ultra-heartwarming.
This Pet Winery Makes \u2018Wines\u2019 For Dogs And Cats (And It\u2019s Brilliant). Bonus
10 Delicious Ways To Cook With Maple Syrup. With\u00a0shredded kale, crisp pancetta, tart apples, and crunchy pecans in a zingy maple vinaigrette, this fall/winter salad
Obama Used His Oval Office Red Button For Tea, According To Richard Branson. No, it's not to launch a nuclear attack.
12 Restaurant-Quality Dinners That You Can Make At Home. These classic Maryland crab cakes are made with fresh lump crabmeat, Old Bay seasoning, and just enough filler to hold them
What's Better, Fresh Or Frozen Turkey?. Farmers and butchers weigh in.
When To Buy Your Turkey. The early bird gets the... bird!
Anthony Bourdain Slams Critics Who Say Chefs Shouldn't Talk Politics. \F**k that.\
McDonald's Just Caved To A Ton Of Pissed Off \u2018Rick & Morty\u2019 Fans. The fast food chain says it\u2019ll bring back Szechuan sauce \u2026 again.
14 Kid-Friendly Dinner Recipes (That Adults Love, Too). Glorious are the nights when everyone eats the same dinner with smiles and thank-yous. There are no requests for cereal, and
'Rick and Morty' Fans Are Pissed At McDonald's Over Szechuan Sauce. \Anyone know how to bring a class action suit against McDonalds for false advertisement? Asking for a few thousand friends.\
5 Soul-Soothing Chicken Soup Recipes (That Aren't Chicken Noodle). These comforting chicken soup recipes will soothe your body and your soul.
McDonald's Is Testing Out A Vegan Burger. Sadly for U.S. veg-heads, the \McVegan\ is currently only in Finland.
This Peanut Butter Sandwich 'Hack' Is Causing Quite A Stir. Most people disagree that it's a \hack you never knew you needed.\
Do You Need To Clean Your Turkey Before Cooking It?. The FDA weighs in on this controversial topic.
Disneyland's Latest Fall Treat? An Update On The PSL. That limited-edition touch isn't available year-round, so PSL fans will want to get to the park ASAP.
Here's All The Pumpkin-Flavored Alcohol We'll Actually Be Buying This Fall. Yes, pumpkin wine is a thing.
Sorry Grandma, 'Love' Is Not An FDA-Approved Ingredient. A Food and Drug Administration warning letter lambastes a Massachusetts-based bakery for listing \love\ in its granola.
This Vodka-Infused Ice Cream Is The Boozy Dessert We've Been Waiting For. Booze-infused ice cream is quickly catching on, so hopefully, it\u2019ll soon be available to all of us.
Cooking Off The Cuff. Not long ago, Jackie and I served a vegetable tart as a first course. It was delicious, and in a week or two I\u2019ll explain
The Great Candy Corn Debate Rages On Twitter. It's BAAAAACK.
12 Breakfast Recipes That Will Make Your Weekend Amazing. If you're tired of your typical breakfast routine, you'll love these delicious, simple alternatives.
Egyptian Barley Salad To Citrus Slaw. This bright and crunchy citrus slaw is delicious alongside burgers or Sloppy Joes. Make it ahead of time as the flavor improves
How To Turn Soba Noodles Into Your Dream Dinner. Give it up for the buckwheat, y'all.
We Price-Compared 5 Items From Whole Foods, Target And Trader Joe's. When we grocery shop, we have one goal in mind
Where To Get Free Coffee On National Coffee Day. Celebrate the most brewtiful of occasions \u2615\ufe0f
Someone Made A Candy Corn Pizza And Twitter Can't Handle It. If candy corn is more up your alley then you need to see (but probably not eat) this
Is Orange Wine The Perfect Fall Drink For Ros\u00e9 Super Fans?. Technically, ros\u00e9 is made from red grapes treated like white grapes, and orange wine is made from white grapes treated like red grapes.
Unicorn Froot Loops Are Now Enchanting Store Shelves. The Unicorn Froot Loops offer up dusty rose (ahem, millennial pink) loops alongside soft purple ones and the standard yellow rings.
Moscow Mule Gummies Are Here. Move over ros\u00e9 chews!
Twitter Roasts Trump Hotels Over This Photo Of Steak. \This looks like table scraps.\
Cooking Off The Cuff. At our farmers\u2019 market last week Jackie and I saw peppers at the height of their perfumed ripeness and eggplants/aubergines
Tom Colicchio Explains Why Waiters Won't Spit In Your Food If You Send Back A Dish. \That's crazy.\
Pumpkin Palooza! 9 Fabulous Fall Pumpkin Recipes. Sweetened with honey and gently spiced, these earthy corn muffins are best served warm out of the oven. As a bonus, the addition
Hillary Clinton Details Everything She Ate On The 2016 Campaign Trail. \u201cOne hot night in Omaha, Nebraska, I was consumed with the desire for an ice cream bar.\
Trix Brings Back Brightly Colored Cereal After Fans Rebel Over 'Natural' Version. Silly rabbit! Artificial colors and flavors ARE for kids.
10 Food Truths You'll Understand If You're From Pittsburgh. You want fries with that? Then go to Pittsburgh.
The Future of $10 Chocolate. Chocolate journalist Megan Giller explains how one of America\u2019s fastest growing food industries is coming into its own, and how the best chocolate ever made is still to come.
Shake Shack Just Launched A Wine Milkshake \u2014 Where Do We Line Up?. The best part of this whole collaboration is that every time one of these two milkshakes is sold, the companies have promised to donate $2 to GLAAD.
These Gorgeous Kitchen Wares Are Specifically Designed To Annoy You. Why use a normal wine glass when you can use one designed to spill all over yourself?
Fireball Bagels Now Exist Because This Is A Wild World We Live In. It involves quite a few shots of Fireball.
These Trader Joe's Products Will Forever Change The Way You Snack. Get ready to fall even more deeply in love with our favorite grocery chain (if that\u2019s even possible).
Cooking Off The Cuff. When Jackie and I eat cauliflower, it is rarely as a side dish
Brisket To Honey Cake. This old-fashioned dessert of warm baked apples and scarlet cranberries with a crunchy streusel topping comes from Rustic
Mario Batali Thinks It's A Bad Idea To Increase The Minimum Wage. And in the restaurant industry, he's not alone in that sentiment.
Sliders To Sloppy Joes. Thought Rice Krispies Treats couldn\u2019t get any better? Wrong!
California's Statewide Ban On Foie Gras Is Getting Revived. An appeals court overturned a 2015 decision that struck down the ban.
Finally Fall! 12 Cozy Baking Recipes To Welcome The Season. These comforting breakfast treats are like a cross between scones and oatmeal cookies
The List Of \American\ Food Tourists Are Most Excited To Try Will Surprise You. With so many options, it could be seen as strange that corn dogs seemed to draw plenty of questions.
This Hotel Offers The Ultimate In Sweet Dreams. The prodigious pastry is equivalent to 95 normal-sized doughnuts
The Story Of How Pumpkin Spice Lattes Almost Never Happened. From humble beginnings to total saturation.
Here's How Nutritious Your Favorite Fall Produce Really Is. It's all good for you, but some of it is better than others.
McDonald's Denies Claims That Employees Are Taught To Under-Fill Your Fries. Apparently there's a whole \pinch the bottom of the carton\ trick.
How To Practice Food Safety Before And After A Hurricane. The rules you really should know.
Hollywood Cafe Lets You Have Coffee With Ryan Gosling Every Day. Do you want your Ryan Gosling with sugar?
12 Sanity-Saving Suppers For Busy Families. Here\u2019s a dish the whole family will love. Thinly sliced chicken breasts are quickly saut\u00e9ed with curry powder, then simmered
10 Wake And Take Breakfast Recipes. Here are some easy recipes for dishes that will help you kickstart your day.
15 Beautiful Beer Cans For The Design-Forward Imbiber. Now these brews look as good as they taste.
Cooking Off the Cuff. I don\u2019t think our friends Alberto and Jerry knew it was Jackie\u2019s birthday when they presented us with the best gift
Foreign Travelers Reveal The ONE U.S. Food They Can't Wait To Try. \S'mores. What on earth are s'mores?\
PSL Season Has Officially Returned To Starbucks. Yep, already.
Ready, Set, Grill! 15 Fabulous Main Dishes For Your Labor Day BBQ. Marinated in garlic, rosemary and olive oil, this flank steak is full of flavor and deliciously charred. GET THE RECIPE 4
16 Sweet Summer Send-Offs For Labor Day Weekend. It\u2019s not too late to give all those cool, creamy and fruity desserts one last hurrah.
20 Killer Recipes For Your Labor Day Cookout. You can't go wrong with these delicious holiday dishes.
How To Cook Your Own Shake Shack Burger This Labor Day. A must-read tutorial.
18 Food Truths That Only Someone In Charleston Will Understand. Welcome to the Holy City of food.
These Whole Foods Products Are Now Available On Amazon. From coconut water to frozen salmon fillets.
Domino's And Ford Are Testing Pizza Deliveries With Self-Driving Cars. Look out!
Burger King Will Give You A Free Whopper If You Publicly Admit You Got Fired. That's one way to lift your spirits.
The Instagram Accounts That'll Make You Hungry For Comfort Food. So dangerous, but so good.
Cola Actually Came From Something Called A Kola Nut. Bet you had no idea.
A Real-Life Look At Today's Packed School Lunches. Say hello to the bento box.
Cooking Off The Cuff. A couple of years ago I wrote about a risotto with tomatoes, but it wasn\u2019t a one-hundred-per-cent tomato risotto. The other
10 Must-Have Cookbooks For Fall 2017. There are a lot of feelings wrapped in the end of summer, but the one we like to focus on the most is the excitement for
\u2018Cue Topped With Pigskin Croutons At This DC Smoke Joint. The wood-obsessed pitmaster here isn\u2019t messing around
Here's How Whole Foods' New Prices Compare To A Regular Supermarket. The findings might surprise you.
\u2018Cue Styles From All Over The Country Can Be Found At This DC Smokehouse. Think smoked turkey and pork belly on Texas Toast
Welder Turned Whole-Hog BBQ Expert Fires Up Smoky Cue In Savannah. A fire nearly destroyed B\u2019s, but the community came together to rebuild it
Maple to Morning Glory. It\u2019s never too soon for pumpkin! As these tender muffins bake in the oven, they\u2019ll your home with the scent of warm spices
10 Easy Summer Dinner Recipes, So You Can Chill. Ground beef is laced with warm spices, fresh herbs and garlic, and then grilled in meatball form until smoky and charred
Colorful, Creative, High-End \u201cPoptails\u201d Are Here To Stay. These treats are made with equal parts nostalgia and fun.
Get Ready. Read which foods will be cheaper.
There's One Vegetable Michelle Obama Truly Hates. Her stance is deeply rooted.
Cooking Off the Cuff. Since the Middle Ages, Italians have been lightly frying fish and onions in abundant oil, then sousing them in vinegar for
Breakfast For Dinner Recipes. Pancakes, bacon and syrup, oh my.
These Are The Hollywood-Inspired Recipe Videos You Didn\u2019t Know You Needed. What if Wes Anderson or Quentin Tarantino made food tutorials? The results might look something like this.
Twitter Absolutely Loses It Over 'Evil' Avocado Macaroni And Cheese Recipe. Please keep the avocado out of our macaroni and cheese.
Boxed Wine Stays Good Up To Six Times Longer Than Bottled Wine Once It's Opened. Don't turn your nose up quite so fast.
7 Very Cool No-Bake Summer Desserts. All of these no-bake treats will keep you cool, no matter how high the temperature rises.
Boy Bait To Banana Bread. Blueberry coffee cake = boy bait
10 Iconic Food Brands That Are Often Mispronounced. As daunting as it may seem, remember, we\u2019re all in this together, regardless of whether it\u2019s \u201cRee-sees\u201d or \u201cRee-sus.\u201d
The 'Riverdale' Milkshakes Are Not What They Seem. The food at Pop\u2019s Diner plays a key role on \u201cRiverdale.\u201d After all, Veronica\u2019s first words to Archie and Betty are, \u201cHow
Twitter Roasts Man Who Confessed To Adding Mayo To His Coffee. This was a terrible idea on so many levels.
Taco Bell Made A New Fried-Egg Taco Shell, The Latest In A Series Of 'Stunt Foods'. Will it be enough to get you in their door?
14 Fun Finger Foods For Summer Parties. With a crisp and buttery shortbread crust, luscious\u00a0lemon filling, and powdered sugar topping, these squares as pretty as
7 Crazy-Good Recipes For Sweet Summer Corn. On or off the cob, summer just isn\u2019t summer without sweet and juicy fresh corn. From corn salad to cornbread, these delicious
Crabby Controversy. Oh, are we blessed in the U.S. of A. with wonderful crab-eating possibilities! Our country is literally surrounded by gorgeous
Taking A Wild Gumbo Ride Around New Orleans With Dickie Brennan Jr.. Choosing one iconic dish from each state to prepare for Flavored Nation\u2019s sprawling event in St. Louis in late October is
This Is The Real Reason Ice Cream Gives Us Brain Freeze. It's worth it, but it's still annoying.
Oprah Is Bringing Comfort Food To The Masses With Her Own Line Of Side Items. You get mashed potatoes, and you get mashed potatoes, and you get mashed potatoes.
Starbucks' Pumpkin Spice Lattes Are Coming To Grocery Stores. Are you ready?
Why Merlot Could Be The Most Underrated Wine In The U.S. Right Now. You can blame the movie \Sideways.\
Dictator-Themed Restaurant In Tunisia Features Portrait Of Melania Trump. She's depicted alongside Stalin.
Starbucks Has So Many Locations It Could Be Hurting Its Own Sales. Apparently, a \typical\ Starbucks has more than three other Starbucks locations within a mile.
Blowing Out Birthday Candles Increases Cake Bacteria By 1,400 Percent. If birthday cakes significantly contributed to the spread of deadly diseases, it\u2019d be obvious by now given the ubiquity of the practice.
Cooking Off The Cuff. When the chef Alain Senderens died a while ago, Jackie and I were put in mind of our dinner at his long-gone Paris restaurant
France Has Oyster Vending Machines, But Is That REALLY A Good Idea?. Experts weigh in on how safe this is.
10 Healthy Food Instagrams That Make It Easy To Eat Nutritiously. Two birds, one social media account.
Another Craft Beer Goes Big, As Anchor Brewing Is Bought By Beer Giant Sapporo. Another one bites the dust.
18 Awesome Picnic Recipes (That Aren't Sandwiches). This is the perfect side dish for a picnic
Himalayan Salt Blocks Are The Cult Obsession Your Kitchen Is Missing. Stay salty, my friends.
12 Tweets That'll Bring Great Joy To Beer Drinkers Who Hate IPAs. Stop the hops.
Wine Expert Explains Why Screw Tops Are Better Than Corks On Wine Bottles. Forget the corkscrew.
11 North African And Middle Eastern Desserts. Drown your problems in palm oil and honey.
Meet The Vietnamese Spring Roll Merchant Living In Africa. Another night, another new bed. I laid on a worn mattress staring up at the ceiling. It was just like any other restless
Over 67,000 Londoners Showed Up For A Halal Food Festival This Weekend. Organizer Zohra Khaku is on a mission to find the best halal food out there.
Cooking Off The Cuff. Here in New York, we\u2019re at that point in the summer when peppers \u2013 both hot and mild \u2013 have turned up in the farmers\u2019 markets
You Can Thank A Guy Named Bob Butt For The Long Island Iced Tea. Whether you love the drink or hate it, this is a great conversation starter.
A Completely Subjective Ranking Of The Best Brunch Menu Items. You're either with us or you're not.
Mugaritz, One Of The World's Best Restaurants, Is Now Serving Moldy Apples. Seriously.
Millennials' Love For Wine And Weed Is Hurting The Beer Industry. Too much avocado toast, not enough beer.
In A Popularity Contest Between Avocado And Our Top Politicians, This Is Who Wins. The country's love of this fruit runs deep.
How To Eat Caviar, According To An Expert. Wash Your Hands First.. \I think it\u2019s a very sensual food to begin with.\
10 Easy Breezy Summer Side Dishes. An exotic twist on the classic carrot-raisin combo, this fragrant and bright Moroccan-style salad is a feast for the senses
11 Delicious Ways To Use Sweet, Juicy Summer Tomatoes. I admit
Scaramucci. Nothing elite to see here!
This Chef's Video Of A Sea Urchin Will Haunt You In Your Sleep. Nature is weird.
Patrick Stewart Says What We've All Been Thinking About Avocados. Admit it. He's right.
Ina Garten Reveals She Hates Foam On Her Food. Her feelings about Taylor Swift, on the other hand, are another story.
How To Season Your Food With Salt Like A Chef. It's all in the wrist.
Cooking Off The Cuff. Especially during the summer, Jackie and I eat a lot of vegetable-based pasta dishes \u2013 as you may have noticed if you look
The Basil Recipes That'll Liven Up Your Summer Plate. These dishes are on point.
Justin Trudeau Continues To Melt Hearts, Teaching Son How To Make S'mores. Summer has peaked.
Let Them Eat Cake! 10 To-Die-For Summer Cake Recipes. Studded with juicy red grapes with hints of vanilla and citrus, this simple Italian-style cake is perfect for breakfast, brunch
Chipotle Stock Plunges Again After Sicknesses And Mice Sightings. Customers said they saw rodents fall from the ceiling at one location. \ud83d\ude48
The 3 Best Revelations About The Supreme Court Cafeteria. Justice is served on a cafeteria tray.
A European Company Made 'Beer For Her.' It's Not Going Over Well.. Okay ladies, now let's get in formation.
Narragansett Beer Had To Consider Trump's White House Invitation 'Long And Hard'. Most fans of the Rhode Island beer aren't exactly in Trump's fanbase.
This GIF Of Grapes Becoming Raisins Is Oddly Mesmerizing. It's oddly mesmerizing.
This Corn On The Cob Hack Has The Internet Feeling SHUCK. Believe us, you're gonna want to ear this.
Diners Blast Critics Of Times Square Olive Garden In Emotional Reddit Thread. There have been over 11,000 responses.
Pig Farmers Are Struggling To Keep Up With America's Bacon Needs. And we're paying for it.
Here's Why Alcohol Labels Don't Show Nutritional Information. And don't expect it to change anytime soon.
Krispy Kreme And Jelly Belly Just Created Donut-Flavored Jelly Beans. You'll love some, you'll hate some.
S'mores Recipes That'd Make Any Marshmallow Proud. Melted chocolate, charred marshmallows and a whole lot of creativity.
All The Crazy Things Farmers Do To Bring You Their Cherry Crop. Growers resort to some interesting tricks to grow the best fruit they can, and to protect their crops from wind, rain, birds and hail.
8 Berry, Berry Good Recipes. Sweet, tart and gooey, these bars are a happy\u00a0marriage of\u00a0blondies and raspberry jam \u2014 and they\u2019re just as good with your
7 Million Pounds Of Hot Dogs Recalled For Possibly Containing Bone Pieces. \Skinless\ apparently doesn't always mean boneless.
Leave Your Passport At Home. This recipe, adapted from the blog and book, Savory Sweet Life by Alice Currah, is a crowd-pleaser for all ages. It\u2019s the
Sriracha Mac Sauce Is FINALLY Coming To McDonald's Nationwide. \ud83d\udd25 PREPARE YOUR TASTE BUDS \ud83d\udd25
IHOP Brings The Heat In Twitter Feud With Denny's. \Spoken like 2nd place.\
Sarah Jessica Parker Details The Many Courses Of Her Epic Dinner Alone. We're inviting ourselves over.\ud83c\udf74
This Bathing Suit With Guy Fieri\u2019s Face On It Isn\u2019t Exactly Appetizing. But it probably pairs perfectly with a pair of wrap-around sunglasses.
Chrissy Teigen's Hot Take On Ice Cream Trends Could Divide A Nation. Which side of the cone do you land on?
How To Make Summer Water And Stay Deliciously Hydrated. We're not talking about ros\u00e9, but we promise it's just as good.
Cooking Off The Cuff. Last week, I made a batch of agnolotti/ravioli containing a very simple summer filling of nice, dry ricotta
Belly Q Serves Up Killer Asian-Infused Barbecue. Chef Bill Kim makes smoky ribs, fried ramen noodles and more.
These Guys Wrote A Whole Manifesto On The Proper Barbecue. At Smoque in Chicago, they take Texas-style barbecue very, very seriously.
This Chicago Joint Serves Barbecue With A Side Of Bacon Candy. Memphis-style \u2018cue isn\u2019t the only thing on the menu at Honky Tonk BBQ.
Learn BBQ Secrets From Pro Pitmasters. Take \u2018cue lessons while you sip craft beers.
Chuck Schumer Has VERY Strong Feelings About Snortable Chocolate. Who knew this would catch his attention?
Chipotle Is Testing Queso In Hopes Of Turning Business Back Around. The chain is finally listening to its customers' requests.
How To Turn Any Vegetable Into Rice. With this technique, the world is your grain-free oyster.
When Men Knew How To Order. Three steps we can all take to avoid looking stupid when ordering at a bar.
20 Common Grilling Mistakes You Won't Ever Make Again. Here\u2019s a quick primer for whipping your grill game into shape, so you can truly thrive this summer.
Jessica Simpson Finally Redeems Herself When Tuna Is Found In Whole Foods' Chicken Salad. It only took 14 years.
Governor Scott Walker Angers Beer Lovers Everywhere With A Single Tweet. First he enraged food lovers with his kebabs. And now THIS.
Vatican Says Communion Bread Must Contain Gluten. A directive from the Roman Catholic Church clarifies its rules on the Eucharist host.
Ramen-Flavored Pringles Taste Like College In A Can. So salty, so delicious.
10 Speedy Suppers When You Don't Feel Like Cooking. This combination of sweet peaches, burrata, and salty prosciutto is a fun play on caprese salad. With a baguette and bottle
Nigella Lawson's Carbonara Recipe Has The Internet In An Uproar. Some foods are sacred.
You Can Now Find All Your Favorite Ben & Jerry's Flavors Online. All Phish Food, all the time.
This Simple Snack Is Nutritious And Delicious. The internet is filled with so many different claims about\u00a0snacks that cause weight loss, healthy alternatives, or guilt
Cooking Off the Cuff. It\u2019s not often that there\u2019s a bowlful of leftover lobster in our refrigerator, but there was the other day
Outspeak Wants Your #FoodMonth Videos. Guys, we\u2019re excited \u2015 it\u2019s Food Month here at Outspeak! We\u2019re using this as an excuse to get out and taste test everything
Your Complete Fourth Of July Feast. The vegetables in this salsa are roasted, which intensifies the flavor of the tomatoes, mellows the onions and garlic, and
From Whipped Feta To Falafel. This fun twist on gazpacho comes from Juice Manifesto
A White Sushi Chef Is Mocking Japanese Accents. Here's Why It Matters.. David Bouhadana trained in Japan for three years. Does that give him a right to make fun of an accent?
The Capital Of North Carolina Barbecue Is Skylight Inn. This 70-year old old spot chops up whole-hog pork made from scratch
The Best Texas-Style Barbecue In Charleston. Mad BBQ scientist John Lewis brings killer brisket to the lowcountry
These Wine Spritzer Recipes Are Coming For You, Whether You Like It Or Not. Don't think of them as a watered-down glass of wine. Think of them like boozy, bubbly water.
This $10,000 Pizza Bikini Sure Does Cost A Lot Of Dough. You'll be burnt in more ways than one at the beach.
Guy Fieri Gets Defensive At Accusation That He Promotes Unhealthy Food. The TV chef says his show is \misbranded\ as being unhealthy.
Luke From 'Gilmore Girls' Is Getting His Own Line Of Coffee. We have a feeling Lorelai would've loved this.
9 Times International McDonald's Schooled Us With Their Superior Menu Items. YUM.
Do We Need To Worry About Our Coconut Water Having Saturated Fat?. We know coconut oil is loaded with it, but what about the stuff we drink?
Cooking Off the Cuff. Contemplating a cup and a half (360 ml by volume) of excellent cherry tomatoes and not quite enough freshly shelled peas
Peaches, Plums, Cherries And More. These smoothies taste like something you\u2019d have on a tropical vacation.
Chill Out. The beauty of banana ice cream is that it\u2019s naturally low in fat; the thick texture pur\u00e9ed bananas makes it incredibly rich
Meet The Inventor Of Memphis-Style Dry-Rubbed Ribs. All month long we\u2019re giving you behind-the-scenes access to the country\u2019s top pitmasters, hog farmers, sauce makers, smoke
8 Delicious Food Documentaries You Can Watch On Netflix Right Now. \u2461 Famous Nathan Most people associate Nathan\u2019s Famous with the annual Nathan's Famous Fourth of July International Hot Dog
Here's Why Sean Brock Is Willing To Break International Laws For Cornbread. There's a delicious history behind this beloved Southern staple.
This 159-Foot Lobster Roll Is A Seafood Lover's Dream Come True. It took more than 200 pounds of lobster salad to make.
So, George Clooney's Tequila Brand Just Sold For $1 Billion. \Finally something goes right for George Clooney.\ \ud83d\ude02
Starbucks Announces It Will Hire 2,500 Refugees In Europe. The company is taking its new mission across the pond.
Grilled Salad Is So Much Better Than It Sounds. Here's How To Nail It.. The first step on your way to grill mastery is romaine.
Ikea Aims To Halve Food Waste At Its Restaurants By Mid-2020. That's a whole lot of meatballs.
A New Generation Of Pitmasters Is Preserving The Art Of Whole Hog Barbecue. The Southern tradition lives on.
Cooking Off the Cuff. Just about a year ago I wrote about a favorite early-summer dish
Could Jeff Bezos Fix Our Broken Food System? Alice Waters Thinks So.. But the question remains, will Amazon use its power for good?
Your Guide To The Best BBQ In St. Louis According to Zagat. 
The Best Ways To Keep Bread From Going Stale. Place your bread in a sealed zip-top bag, pushing out as much air as possible, and pop it in the freezer.
Dad's Dream Dinner. Classic Buffalo wings are fried but I love the flavor and ease of cooking them on the grill \u2014 they are truly no fuss, no
13 Father's Day Desserts For Dad. Spoon into these lovely little cakes and discover\u00a0a delightful surprise
These Ikea Recipe Sheets Use An Awesome Cooking Hack. And the instructions are easier than pretty much anything else at Ikea.
Pappy\u2019s Smokehouse Is Where The Locals Go In St. Louis. All month long we\u2019re giving you behind-the-scenes access to the country\u2019s top pitmasters, hog farmers, sauce makers, smoke
Lorde Had A Secret Instagram To Review Onion Rings, And It Was Perfect. World, meet Lorde of the rings.
Stay Away From Eating These Types Of Seafood This Summer. Eat smart.
Why Salt Lick BBQ Could Be Considered The Ultimate Barbecue Destination. From the cow-and-mule-lined roads that lead the way to the place to the enormously sized portions, Salt Lick BBQ feels, in
Twitter Nails The Funniest Thing About Amazon Purchasing Whole Foods. You can probably guess what it is.
This Kansas City Shop Is A BBQ Lover's Paradise. Check out the full Periscope footage here
This BBQ Joint Is On Anthony Bourdain's List Of Top Places To Eat Before You Die. Pull up to the gas station at 47th Avenue and Mission Road in Kansas City, and you might only expect to drive away with a
The Secret To The Best Barbecue. Hint
Here's Why You Need Texas Trash Pie In Your Life. Americana + Texas + Sugar = Crazy
What Archibald\u2019s Does Differently From Every Other BBQ Spot. The ultimate backyard BBQ in Alabama
Cooking Off the Cuff. Jackie and I are usually pretty disciplined about waiting for delicious ripe summer tomatoes, but this past weekend a farmers
The Best 'Healthy' Boxed Cake Mixes. Fortunately, the boxed cake mix options have gotten way more enticing in recent years.
How Is Natural Wine Different From The Stuff You're Drinking?. \u201cNatural\u201d wine is usually produced without additives, hence the name.
12 Juicy Berry Recipes That Taste Like Summer. Strawberries, raspberries, blueberries \u2014 oh my!
Sam Panopoulos, Creator Of Pineapple Pizza, Dies At 83. Most tweeters set aside their differences to pay tribute to the \u201cunforgettable\ Panopoulos and his memorable topping.
7 Wonderful (And Easy) Indian Dishes You Can Make At Home. In this family-friendly dish, thinly sliced chicken breasts are saut\u00e9ed with curry powder and simmered in an aromatic, slightly
Salmonella Is On The Rise Because People Won't Stop Cuddling Their Chickens. A surprising number of people affected by salmonella have admitted to it.
Yes, You Can Get BBQ From A Drive-Thru. And the most insane baked potato
Never Heard Of Boudin? You\u2019re Probably Missing Out. Don\u2019t be scared by the looks of it
One Of The Best Spots for Outdoor Drinks and Eats in Austin. Don't forget to bring your dog!
10 Slimming (Yet Totally Satisfying) Recipes For Swimsuit Season. As much as I love salad as a meal, it\u2019s not usually enough for my\u00a0husband, who is more of a protein/two sides\u00a0kind of a guy
Quiches, Stratas And Frittatas. Frittatas are often dry and tough but this one is delicate and creamy, almost like a crustless quiche. Whether you serve
I Am An Immigrant. Footnotes
Oreo Debuts New Jelly Donut Flavor Just In Time For National Donut Day. Happy Friday to you!
These Are Not Your Average Breakfast Tacos. BBQ for breakfast?
Wayne Mueller Is The Man You Need To Know When It Comes To Austin BBQ. It's in his blood.
These New Wine Coolers Are Actually Worth Drinking. The already delicious wines are then blended with real fruit juice, which is what makes them wine coolers.
How 5 Chefs Doctor Up Their Scrambled Eggs. Scrambled eggs, when cooked just right, have a buttery, custardy texture.
Scott Walker Gets Skewered Over Kebabs. Make it stop.
Usain Bolt Confirms That Unbelievable Rumor About Chicken McNuggets. The fastest man alive is fueled by nuggets.
Cooking Off The Cuff. When Jackie and I see a particularly beautiful piece of fish in the market, it\u2019s hard to resist pointing to it and saying
11 Sensational Sweets For Your Memorial Day Celebration. From ice cream sandwiches to coconut dream pie, these irresistible desserts won\u2019t last long at your Memorial Day feast.
Get Grilling. It's the unofficial start of summer \u2014 and grilling season!
Potluck Sides And Salads. This recipe from Vivian Howard\u2019s Deep Run Roots features sweet summer corn with lime, cilantro and cayenne pepper. It\u2019s got
I Used An App To Buy Only Ethical Food. It Was Really Hard.. Turns out there's no shortcut to a better food system.
How To Keep Your Food Safe At Your Weekend Cookout. Let's make this a memorable holiday -- but in a good way.
Worried That Grilling Will Give You Cancer? Here Are Some Safeguards You Can Take. Here's how to be smart about it.
Taste Test. Don't always judge a wine by its bottle design.
Pink Pineapples Are Here To Bring A Little Magic Into Our Lives. At least one good thing has happened this year.
Australian Cafe Introduces Avocado Lattes As A Joke, But Not Everyone Got It. \It's literally coffee in a piece of rubbish.\
From Bulgaria to East Asia, the making of Japan's yogurt culture. One of Japan\u2019s biggest food trends right now is Bulgarian yoghurt.
9 Delicious And Easy No-Bake Desserts. The beauty of banana ice cream is that it\u2019s naturally low in fat; the thick texture of pur\u00e9ed bananas makes it rich and creamy
12 Simple Meals That Make Weeknights Special. This dish\u00a0takes a total of 20 minutes \u2013 10 minutes to prepare and 10 minutes to bake \u2013 yet tastes like something you\u2019d order
Starbucks Is Finally Testing Out Coffee Ice Cubes. We're buzzing just thinking about it.
At Last! Joe Biden Gets An Ice Cream Flavor Named After Him. \ud83c\udf66\ud83c\udf66\ud83c\udf66
A Nutella Caf\u00e9 Swirls Into Chicago And Our Hearts This Month. \ud83c\udfb6 \Ooh heaven is a place on Earth.\ \ud83c\udfb6
General Mills Giving Away 10,000 Boxes Of Marshmallow-Only Lucky Charms. Well isn't this just magical.
Mother's Day Brunch. Don\u2019t forget the bubbly!
How Din Tai Fung Makes The World\u2019s Most Loved Pork Soup Dumplings. One Hong Kong location alone makes 17,000 xiaolongbao every week.
This Gorgeous Wonder Woman Burger Will Have You Salivating. THE STARS ARE MADE OF CHEESE.
How To Make Cloud Eggs, Instagram's New Breakfast Darling. Think meringue meets baked eggs.
Don't Call 911 To Ask About Lasagna Cheese Substitutes. \Sir, this is not an appropriate use of 911,\ a dispatcher said.
There's Something You Need To Know About Trendy 'Blue Prosecco'. Is this the unicorn of wines?
Eat Dessert First! 10 Irresistible Spring Sweets. Yes, life is uncertain but some studies also suggest that eating dessert first makes you feel more satiated and, therefore
10 Awesome Pack-And-Go Lunch Recipes (For Grown-ups). Thought Rice Krispies Treats couldn\u2019t get any better? Wrong!
The Real Reason Some People Are Better At Tolerating Spicy Foods. Not everyone can handle the ghost pepper.
You Can Blame President Trump For Starbucks' Brief Sales Drop In Mexico. Mexicans would rather get their morning jolt elsewhere.
Starbucks' Midnight Mint Mocha Frapp Couldn't Be Further From The Unicorn Frappuccino. It's jet black. Bonus
Cafe Puts Up Joke Sign Offering Liam Neeson Free Food, And It Works. I will find you, and I will eat you, free meal.
You May Be Surprised That Florida Makes Some Of The World's Best Chocolate. This bean-to-bar chocolate has won numerous prestigious awards.
Forget Unicorns, Now Mermaids Have Their Own Frappuccinos. The creator says her Mermaid Frappuccino \is sweet and it tastes like blackberry ice cream.\
Video Proof That People Are Terrified Of GMOs, Despite Having No Idea What They Are. Say it with us
The Internet Is Obsessed With This Man Carrying Around 30 Gallons Of Frosting. \ud83c\udfa4Where you lead, I will follow\ud83c\udfa4
8 Grab-and-Go Breakfast Recipes Your Family Will Love. If your family goes through a lot of granola bars, it makes sense to make them from scratch. These kid-friendly bars put
9 Spring Salads You'll Want to Dive Into (Really). This main dish salad of chicken, soba noodles and ginger-peanut dressing is everything you want a warm weather meal to be
There's Something (Shell) Fishy About This Seafood-Inspired Beer. That'll be the lobster then.
How The Reducetarian Diet Could Help Solve Our Climate Change Problem. There is scientific-backed research\u00a0that proves the detrimental impact our meat-eating ways have on the environment. In fact
Now You Can Reserve A Table At Taco Bell\u2019s Test Kitchen. Eat at the place where Doritos Locos tacos were born.
In Case You Didn't Know, Green And Black Tea Come From The Same Plant. At the end of the day, it's really all about oxidization.
Cooking Off the Cuff. In my recent note on our visit to Trieste I mentioned that Jackie and I were served an antipasto of baccal\u00e0 mantecato
Beware, The Dragon Frappuccino Is Coming For Your Last Shred Of Dignity. RAWR. \ud83d\udc32
10 Of The Most Instagram-Friendly Ways To Drink Ros\u00e9. Never open a bottle just to drink one or two glasses again \u2014 boxed wine lasts in the fridge for up to six weeks, making it
These Are The Best Trader Joe's Products For Your Zodiac Sign. Because what do we love as much \u2014 if not more \u2014 than reading our signs? Trying out new Trader Joe's products, of course.
You Have To See This Starbucks Barista's Cup Doodles. Starbucks\u2019 cups can now add being a canvas for some seriously impressive Sharpie art to their already-impressive r\u00e9sum\u00e9.
Grilled, Baked & Cedar Planked. Warm weather cooking is all about keeping it simple
From Perfect Grilled Chicken To Brownies. If you\u2019ve been searching for the perfect brownie recipe, look no further. I promise you, this is it!\u00a0 The recipe comes from
The Fast Food Items Not Even Gwyneth Paltrow Can Resist. \Best enjoyed with reckless abandon.\
The $400 Juicero Juicer Is The Funniest Silicon Valley Fail In Forever. \So Juicero is just Caprisun for yuppies.\
Here's How To Make Your Favorite Foods From South Park. \Man, Chef's balls are tasty.\
Why Is Walmart Trying To Make The 'Crotilla' The New Cronut?. Just like \fetch,\ it'll never happen.
The Unicorn Frappuccino Is Coming To A Starbucks Near You. Consider it inevitable.
Cooking Off the Cuff. When making a vegetable risotto, I favor grating some of the vegetable in question or otherwise reducing it to a near-puree
How To Make Mushrooms That Taste Like Bacon Bits. They\u2019re more addictive than movie-theater popcorn.
Trader Joe's Butter Is As Good As The French Stuff. Perhaps it\u2019s the quality of the French cultures that are added to the cream that unleash its deep potential.
How Something Called 'Culinary Arts Therapy' Can Change Your Life. Cooking as a means of therapeutic expression.
15 Easy, Elegant Dishes For A Glorious Easter Brunch. All of these brunch recipes are impressive yet surprisingly doable.
From Lemon Cake To Chocolate Cream Pie. Studded with juicy red grapes with hints of vanilla and citrus, this simple and lovely Italian-style cake is perfect for
Asparagus Recipes That Taste Like Spring. Pasta, soups, salads and more.
Controversial Study Says Microwaving Tea Might Be Healthiest Way To Brew It. Forget everything you know about brewing a good cup.
Some Zero-Calorie Sweeteners Have Calories, And Everything Is A Lie. Zero doesn't always mean zero.
The Worst Culinary Cardinal Sins You Can Commit, According To Twitter. \Otherwise delicious oatmeal cookies... ruined by adding raisins.\
Matzo 'Crack' To Meringue. A pavlova is a cake-shaped meringue with a marshmallowy center and crisp outer shell, usually topped with whipped cream and
5 Wine Recommendations Based On The App You Used To Meet Your Date. Would you swipe right?
Meal Prep. Get to it!
10 Passover Recipes Perfect For Your Seder. From beef brisket to matzo ball soup.
Burger King Has Made A Froot Loops Shake -- Because Cereal Is Everything. Doesn't anyone just eat it from a bowl with milk anymore?
Prime Minister Of New Zealand Puts Canned Spaghetti On Pizza, Upsetting World. He's really pushing the envelope.
Starbucks Releases 'American Cherry Pie Frappuccino.' In Japan.. Did we mention the domed pie crust top?
There's A Food Poisoning Risk Top Cookbooks Don't Tell You About. Gulp. \ud83d\ude36
Martha Stewart's New Wine Service Makes Your Drinking Martha-Approved. It's a good thing.
Cooking Off the Cuff. During our recent \u2013 and too brief \u2013 visit to Trieste, Italy, Jackie and I ate pork and sauerkraut at the well-known Buffet
Ben & Jerry's Free Cone Day Makes All Our Ice Cream Dreams Come True. \Spreading peace, love and FREE ice cream.\
The 2017 Coachella Food Line-Up Is Looking Good. Get ready for poutine 2.0.
Farmworker Rights Leaders Plan To Protest On Ben & Jerry's Free Cone Day. It's not all sweetness on cone day.
Documentarians To Create Immigrant Food Videos Targeted To Conservatives. They're going to use social media in a creative way.
It's Brinner Time! 12 Easy Breakfast-For-Dinner Recipes. Your happy taste buds will have no idea what time it is.
Gordon Ramsay Just Shut Down The Pineapple Pizza Debate. The chef hath spoken.
Beyonc\u00e9 Sculpted In Cheese Is Strangely Alluring. It's so Gouda.
Chrissy Teigen's Mom Is The Ultimate Drinking Buddy In New Ad. Cheers to the Teigens!
Here's How Brexit Is Going To Affect Your Cadbury Chocolate. Say it ain't so!
'Star Wars' Director Reveals He Named A Planet After A Misspelled Starbucks Cup. \She gives me the drink and I was like, 'That sounds like Star Wars.'\
Sean Spicer Makes Odd Quip About Russian Dressing, Twitter Claps Back. Guess he doesn't know Russian dressing is actually American.
This Biophysicist Has Invented A Drip-Free Wine Bottle. Finally.. All the wine, without the mess.
The Best Foods For Preventing Yourself From Getting Hangry. These are the foods you need to help you stay happy.
People Are Not OK With Bon Appetit's 'Hand Salad' Recipe. \If u are a garbage person that wants to just drink ranch dressing, have the courage to own it.\
94-Year-Old McDonald's Employee Celebrates 44th Anniversary On Job. She has no plans to retire anytime soon.
Sean Spicer Just Held A Press Conference With Food In His Teeth. In a true act of savagery, not a single member of the press corps appears to have told him.
10 Easy Dinner Recipes That Will Become Family Favorites. If you\u2019re wondering how to get your children to eat \u2014 or even love \u2014 fish, try feeding them this. Tilapia fillets are lightly
Ina Garten Is Getting A New Show And Our Hearts Can't Take It. The fan theories are excellent.
This Hillary Clinton Whiskey Is The Drink We All Need Right Now. Rodham Rye is made with \the sturdiest of all the grains.\
HuffPost Taste's Instagram. Read the full article and get the recipes relating to each post!
Dunkin' Donuts Dumps The Coffee Coolatta, Basically Ruining Everything. It \isn't good enough,\ official says.
Margarita Lovers, Behold. Dreams do come true. \ud83c\udf79
Let Science Teach You The Absolute Best Way To Cook Pasta. Better macaroni through chemistry.
Here's Why The FDA Says You Shouldn't Use 'Produce Wash'. Residue. It's all about the residue.
Gwyneth Paltrow Won't Eat Octopuses Because They're So Smart, And She Has A Point. Do you agree with GP?
12 Of The Most Delicious Easter Brunch Recipes. All the makings of a beautiful brunch.
Starbucks Fans Are Oddly Excited About New Avocado 'Spread'. Wouldn't fresh avocados be better, though?
A Marketer Explains Why Red And Pink Candies Are The Most Popular. Are we really that basic?
A Parisian Cook\u2019s Trick To Flawless Fries. For Epicurious, by David Tamarkin. A few summers ago two friends and I entangled ourselves in a friendly competition
12 Kid-Friendly Snack Recipes For After-School Munchies. This recipe was inspired by the homemade granola served at The Inn at Occidental in Sonoma County, CA. With clusters of old
'Dole Whip Cotton Candy' Is Now At Disney's California Adventure Park. This is what dreams are made of.\ud83c\udf4d
Meal Prep. The five recipes that will help you eat well all week long.
Breaking Bread Is The Food Tour That Doubles As A Form Of Activism. \How you spend your lunch money can be a political statement.\
New Mexico Restaurant Tells Its Customers 'Immigrants Make America Great'. The response from its patrons has been wildly positive.
12 Easter Desserts That Are Total Stunners. Even you will \ooh\ and ahh\ when you place these desserts on the table.
McDonald's Twitter Calls Donald Trump Tiny-Handed, 'Disgusting Excuse Of A President'. Sad meal!
Chef Shows Us How To Cook 'Bob's Burgers' Specials In Real Life. He even tackles the MEATSIAH.
Upcoming Cookbook Highlights The Recipes And Lives Of Refugees. The recipes and stories are written by refugees who now work as chefs in NYC.
Weatherman's Hilarious 'Wine Forecast' Tells You How Many Bottles You Need For This Snow. Blizzard with a chance of Chardonnay. \u2744\ufe0f\ud83c\udf77
Heinz Actually Uses Don Draper's Pitch From 'Mad Men' In Real-Life Ad. What would Peggy say about this?
For The First Time Ever, Female Students Outnumber Males At Culinary Institute Of America. In 1946, when the CIA opened, there was just one woman enrolled in a class of 50.
Try Not To Panic Looking At These Long Pre-Storm Grocery Store Lines. EVERYONE is getting ready for the blizzard.
5 Crazy-Delicious Shrimp Recipes You'll Make Again & Again. These crowd-pleasing shrimp tacos are perfect for a casual patio dinner party. You can prepare most of the recipe ahead of
'Pioneer Woman' Under Fire For Racist Segment About Asian Wings. The clip leaves a bad taste in the mouths of many foodies.
5 Healthy Recipes That Are Going To Fuel You For The Week Ahead. Cook this Sunday, eat well for the next five days.
Man Improves Candy Aisle With Hilarious New 'Slogans'. \Taste the rainbow. Ingest the light. FEEL ITS POWER.\
You Just Lost An Hour, Here Are 15-Minute Dinner Recipes To Help. Quick and easy.
These Pizza-Tossing Brothers Are Going Viral, But There's A Catch. They're only 10 and 12 years old!
Leonardo DiCaprio Invests In Frozen Seafood Biz In Unexpected Move. No, it's not to win another Oscar.
Twitter Was NOT Pleased With Chelsea Clinton's Spinach Pancakes. Would you eat them?
Starburst To Make Dreams Come True. Get ready!
Customer's Pineapple Pizza Order Arrived With A Divisive Note. This is the weirdest debate of 2017.
Ben And Jerry's Voices Its 'Strong Opposition' To Trump's New Immigration Order. \At Ben & Jerry\u2019s we understand this policy is not only bad for our nation, it\u2019s bad for business.\
Anthony Bourdain Offers To 'Rearrange' Ex-KKK Leader David Duke's Extremities. Do not come for Bourdain.
Obamacare vs. The GOP Replacement, As Depicted With Meat. Everyone knows a well-done steak with ketchup can't be a good thing.
13 Fruity Sweets That Will Make You Swoon. If there were ever a cake for lemon lovers, it's here.
Meal Prep. Be prepared this week.
Subway Denies Report That Its Chicken Is Only About 54 Percent Meat (UPDATED). A DNA test found the chain's \oven roasted chicken\ is only about half real meat.
Starbucks Gets Roasted On Twitter Over Its New Italian Roastery. People don't seem too happy about it.
15 Award-Worthy Recipes For Your Oscar Party. Red carpet stumbles will take a backseat to these party-perfect recipes.
7 Broccoli Recipes Your Family Will Devour. Broccoli is even good raw \u2014 here it soaks up a creamy dressing, softening a bit but remaining crisp, and pairs beautifully
These Gorgeous Cookies Tell A Nation\u2019s History With A Piping Bag. \Big social events, you always have mezeskalacs,\ she goes on. This is especially true around Christmas, when the designs
Twitter Declares Its Love For Margarita Day In The Drunkest Way Possible. \You can't buy happiness but you can buy margaritas.\
And That's How I Beat Shaq ... At A Game Of Mind Control. \I swear that I'm telling you the facts.\
Pope Francis Has Harsh Words For People Who Text During Dinner. \It's the start of war.\
Twitter Destroys Health Blogger Who Dared To Insult Pizza. Bad move.
8 No-Brainer Dinners For Busy Nights. This delicious pasta dish, adapted from Lidia\u2019s Italian Table by Lidia Bastianich, is not only quick and easy to make \u2014 25
10 Vegetarian Dinners Even Meat-Eaters Will Love. You\u2019ll love these fast, flavorful recipes \u2014 and you won\u2019t miss the meat one bit!
Meal Prep. These recipes are just the reboot you need.
There Might Be Mildew On Those Canned Greens You're Eating. It's just gross.
Adults Try Coffee For The First Time, And Their Reactions Are Priceless. \Like watching a sex scene with your grandmother.\
Double Dipping Is Way Grosser Than You Think It Is. Just don't do it.
Food Industry Finally Agrees To Make 'Use By' Labels Less Confusing. A small victory in the fight against food waste.
Wegmans Catches Heat For Selling Trump Wine. The cult favorite grocer stocks five varieties in 10 Virginia stores.
America's Top Fortune Cookie Writer Is Quitting. Apparently 2017 didn't seem ominous enough already.
7 Delicious Valentine's Day Deals For Food Lovers. Free Shake Shack > A boyfriend.
Spoil Your Sweetheart. With just a few essentials in your pantry \u2014 like Thai green curry paste and coconut milk \u2014 you\u2019re never more than 25 minutes
How to Make Gyoza, Japanese Fried Dumplings Recipe. 
Be Mine. This dreamy dessert was inspired by the \u201cObsessive Ricotta Cheesecake\u201d in Gina DePalma\u2019s Dolce Italiano, Desserts from the
Bacardi. 
11 Seemingly Good-For-You Foods That Aren't As Healthy As You Think. Sugar shows up in the most surprising places.
Brunch Has Got Nothing On Traditional Syrian Breakfast. The spread is amazing, and the time spent enjoying it is even better.
The Super Simple Trick To Poaching A Lot Of Eggs At Once. You don't even need to bring a pot of water to a boil.
Cooking Off The Cuff. Years ago I was casting about for a hearty risotto
11 Sneaky Foods That Seem Vegetarian, But Definitely Aren't. Be sure to look at the labels next time you buy cereal.
Apple Pie Toast Is The Healthy-ish Breakfast You\u2019ve Been Missing. Get to the toast, lady.
The Easiest Weeknight Recipes From The Best Indian Cookbooks. Lamb-Fry This simple lamb stir-fry is a Kerala specialty. It makes a nice light meal when paired with puri (Indian fry-breads
10 Easy-To-Tackle Super Bowl Sweets. From Chocolate Chip Pecan Blondies to Chunky Peanut Butter Cookies, these crowd-pleasing desserts are all easy whip up before the game.
Italian Grilled Cheese Sandwich Recipe, Ultimate Fried Cheese Sandwich. 
Kidney Beans Curry (Rajma Curry) | Indian Cooking Recipes | #CookwithAnisa #recipeoftheday. 
From Chili To Wings. From thick, rich Beef Chili to creamy Buffalo Chicken Dip, these easy recipes have you covered.
The Best Finger Food Recipes For Super Bowl Sunday. Take the stress out of hosting.
Sushi-Themed KitKats Are Coming To Japan For Valentine's Day. Luckily, they're not sushi-flavored.
The Simple Way To Decide Which Super Bowl Snack You Should Make. Take all the stress out of game day.
So THAT'S Why Slurpees Taste The Same All Over The World. And by \same,\ we mean \delicious.\
Google Maps' Mobile App Will Show You How Crowded A Restaurant Is In Real Time. So helpful!
Kibbeh Recipe, Most Loved Lebanese Street Food. 
Ardbeg. 
Noodle Soup With A Girl. You guys were together but never official. Which is for the best. You guys never had a good time. You would fight. You would
Meal Prep. It's always a good idea to think ahead.
How To Make An Amazing Indian Cappuccino With Instant Coffee. You won't need a fancy espresso machine to make this.
Ben & Jerry's Just Added 3 Exciting New Flavors To Its Lineup. As they said, they're not fudging around.
This Week In Food. All the food you need to eat, from this week.
Dippin' Dots Responds To Sean Spicer With An Ice-Cold Burn. \Dippin' Dots is NOT the ice cream of the future,\ said only one person ever.
Sierra Nevada Brewery Recalls Beer Sold In 36 States. The voluntary recall affects select 12-ounce bottles of craft beer.
Trump\u2019s Inauguration Cake Was The Spitting Image Of Obama\u2019s. But the proceeds went to a great cause.
The 14 Most Popular Trader Joe's Products Of 2016. You could call this Parm-Cheddar hybrid The Big Cheese if you want to. And there's plenty more great Trader Joe's cheese
This Wine 'Guzzle Buddy' Will Help You Cope With Trump's Presidency. NEED.
These Grapefruit Recipes Will Brighten Your Darkest Days. They are the biggest, baddest citrus fruit of all.
This Is Why You Should Still Buy Cookbooks In 2017. The recipe world has changed, and it has made cookbooks even better.
This Is Why Your Coffee Is About To Get More Expensive. Say it ain't so!
This Kitchen Tool Turns Radishes Into Mario Bros. Power-Up Mushrooms. And it won\u2019t cost you much coin.
North Koreans Try American BBQ, And Their Reactions Are Priceless. \It's huge.\
You May Be Eligible For A Cash Payout If You Bought Milk In This Timeframe. Got milk? Get money.
KFC's New Facial Recognition Software Is Troubling For A Few Reasons. What kind of chicken does your face look like?
6 Ingredients or Less. 
11 Winter Soups That Warm The Soul. Warm your body and soothe your spirit with a steaming bowl of soup or stew. From Thai Chicken and Rice Noodle Soup to Pasta e Fagioli, these recipes will have you satisfied and snug as a bug on the coldest winter days.
The Trick To Cooking For A Family Of 4 Without Losing Your Mind. How to navigate the terrain when everyone likes or needs something different.
Would You Eat This 'Golden Shower' Burger Inspired By Trump?. \Topped with a very small pickle.\
Sunday Meal Prep. With homemade energy bites in your fridge, you'll be ready for anything.
Study Finds 47 Percent Of Fish Served At Los Angeles Sushi Spots Is Mislabeled. Yikes.
How To Make Vegan 'Parmesan' Cheese (And Make Your Dreams Come True). It's almost as good as the real thing.
Taco Bell's Latest Creation Is A Fried Chicken Monstrosity. Holy 2017.
Let's Unwrap The Mystery Of How Lactaid Works. Haven't you always wondered?
This Caf\u00e9 Will Give You A Free Meal If You Work Out For 6 Minutes. Where do we sign up?
These 9 Foods Are Loaded With B-12, And Here's Why That Matters. Crucial stuff for this time of year.
Starbucks Will Stop Pouring Beer And Wine In Regular Stores. The company is ending one of its most intriguing experiments yet.
Wine Stories. 
8 Bright Salads To Beat The Winter Blues. After the holidays, January can feel like a gray, gloomy month. But a delicious, colorful salad is sure to lift your spirits. These recipes are so good you won't even realize you're eating healthy.
Sunday Meal Prep. Because, yes, dark chocolate is a part of a healthy diet.
There Might Be A Boozy Ben & Jerry's Ice Cream Coming Soon. We need this RIGHT NOW.
While Everyone Else Diets, You Can Eat More Of These 7 Foods. That's right, we said more, not less.
I've Eaten The Same Breakfast For The Past 5 Years, And I'm Not Ashamed. It\u2019s grounding -- a constant in a world where you just don\u2019t know what will happen next.
Singer Rick Astley Is Coming Out With His Own Beer. \You wouldn't get this from any other guy.\
4 Healthy Ingredient Swaps That ACTUALLY Taste Good. Try these, you'll see.
Turns Out Oranges Aren't The Best Source Of Vitamin C, After All. Here's how much you should eat every day, and how.
A Food Lover's Guide To Eating On A Budget. For Bon Appetit, by Alyse Whitney. Resolutions have never been my strong point. Every year, I make a pact with myself to
Cooking Off The Cuff. In last week\u2019s Cooking Off the Cuff I suggested that the last few spoonsful of your applesauce could be used as a filling
4 Easy Ways To Make Your Desk Salad A Little Less Sad. 2017 deserves better salads.
5 Healthy Recipes To Start 2017 Off Right. Get to work on Sunday, so you can eat well all week long.
Spaghetti Bolognese #SlimmingWorld Syn Free | @CookwithAnisa #recipeoftheday. 
Resolution Recipes. 
An Alcohol-Flavored Sweets Taste Test, Just In Time For New Year's Eve. You're welcome.
The Creator Of The Iconic Red Solo Cup Died Last Week. You've probably enjoyed a beverage from Robert Hulseman's invention.
11 Foods You Should Resolve To Try In 2017. Let's all be a little more adventurous in the new year.
The One Resolution That Could Help You Save Money And Eat Better. Three birds, one skillet.
The Recipes That Changed Our Lives In 2016. We're pretty sure they'll be great in 2017, too.
6 Things Fast Food Companies Actually Did Right In 2016. They've been known to do wrong --  like cheeseburger-stuffed pizza -- but sometimes they do right.
The 1 Simple Trick I Use To Totally Slash My Food Waste. Bonus
10 Delicious Hanukkah Recipes. Celebrate the Festival of Lights with family, friends, and lots of delicious food. Happy Hanukkah!
Locations. 
14 Easy And Impressive Holiday Brunch Recipes. Don't be a short order cook this holiday season. Set out some of these easy and impressive dishes and everyone in the family will be happy -- especially you.
The Best Thing To Make With All Those Leftover Candy Canes. This holiday season, think big.
America's Top Calorie Count Searches Will Surprise You. Ever wondered how many calories are in a persimmon?
The Tasty Midwest Holiday Drink That's So Much Better Than Eggnog. It's like drinking a sugar cookie.
You've Been Eating These Chicken Wings All Wrong. All it takes is a twist, a pull and a suck.
The 9 Worst Retro Foods The Holidays Have Ever Endured. Way too many meats were shaped into Christmas trees.
Food Trends We Hope Disappear In 2017. For Bon Appetit, by Bon Appetit. It\u2019s (finally!) the end of December, so we\u2019re bidding good riddance to this garbage year
Why Hot Whiskey Is The Greatest Warm Cocktail Ever. For Bon Appetit, by Maggie Lange. I wouldn\u2019t dare to presume about you. For me though, this is the time of year that I\u2019m
Vegetable Samosa's | Indian Recipes #CookwithAnisa #recipeoftheday. 
25 Stress-Free Christmas Dinner Recipes. A stress-free Christmas dinner? Easy peasy. From roast beef tenderloin with red wine sauce to rum cake, these tested and perfected recipes won't let you down -- and many of them can be made ahead of time so you can relax on the big day. Merry Christmas!
How To Make Biryani | | Indian Recipes | #CookwithAnisa #recipeoftheday. 
Can Butter, Possibly, Be Back?. These days, it is very much in vogue- literally, as well as figuratively- to ask
From Chocolate Peanut Butter Pie To Ricotta Cheesecake. 
This 'Unicorn Hot Chocolate' Is Liquid Dreams In A Cup. This stuff is *magically* easy to make at home.
OH NO! There\u2019s A Whipped Cream Shortage Just Before Christmas. But at least you can still make your own.
Lucky Kids Taste 100 Years Of Candy, Don't Love Atomic Fireballs. \u201cMy mom would freak if she saw how much candy I\u2019m eating.\u201d
We Got Brave And Tried The New Starbucks Fruitcake Frappuccino. Chunky. \ud83d\ude48
Food Delivery App Donates A Meal To A Kid In Need With Every Order. And Sharebite will donate five meals per order this December.
The Crazy Foods Parents Have Dropped On Their Babies' Heads. You know it happens.
A Tedious Quest For The Best Way To Deseed A Pomegranate. There IS such a thing as \too many options.\
These New Coffee Pods Contain More Protein Than An Egg. It's like Starbucks... for cavemen.
25 Cheeky Photos That Celebrate The Wonders Of 'Ugly' Fruit And Vegetables. Warning
From Farm To Table. The majority of Americans refuse to work in these conditions.
13 Easy, Edible Gifts For The Holidays. The best holiday gifts are the ones you can eat! From adorable gingerbread men to candied pecans to rum cake, all of these homemade treats make lovely, delicious gifts. Just be sure to make extra so you can keep some for yourself!
Heavenly Squares. 
These Modern Recipes Prove Fruitcake Doesn't Have To Be Terrible. Poor old fruitcake doesn't deserve its bad reputation.
'The Bachelor' Wine Is Here To Get Us Through Next Season. Will you accept this ros\u00e9?
The Quintessential French Pastry, The Croissant, Isn't Actually French. And neither are French fries.
This Make-Ahead French Toast Will Make Hosting A Breeze. For Bon Appetit, by Sarah Salvatoriello. Welcome to Cooking Without Recipes, in which we teach you how to make a dish we
What The Oldest People In The World Eat And Drink Every Day. T\u00e4o Porchon-Lynch, 98-Year-Old Yogi Porchon-Lynch started doing yoga when she was eight in India, because her uncle told
18 All-Star Cookie Swap Recipes For The Holidays. Cookie swaps
Dine & Dash. 
Sunday Meal Prep. After Thanksgiving, we all deserve a break from poultry.
Chef Peng Chang-kuei, General Tso's Chicken Inventor, Dies At 98. The celebrated chef first came up with the dish in the 1950s.
Holy Cow, People Do Weird Stuff With Mayo In Other Countries. In some parts of the world, mayonnaise shows up dolloped on SOUP.
This Cheese Advent Calendar Is Nacho Typical Yuletide Treat. Curd this be the next brie thing?
Big Mac Creator Jim Delligatti Dies At 98. \ud83c\udf54  \ud83d\ude22
The Fondoodler Cheese Gun Is The Only Gift We Want This Year. It may be the grate-est kitchen gadget of all time.
Best Cheese In The World Title Goes To Norway's Tingvollost Kraftkar. Over 3,000 cheeses were tried at the World Cheese Awards in Spain this year. This one won the top prize.
The Most Incredible Breakfasts To Make The Day After Thanksgiving. After all, it's the most important meal of the day!
Here\u2019s A Cheaper, Smaller Vitamix That\u2019s Totally Worth It. For Bon Appetit, by Chris Morocco. Living in New York City has compelled me to make some hard choices about kitchen appliances
Here are 6 Ways To Decorate Holiday Cookies Like A Pro. For Bon Appetit, by Christina Chaey. For every reason there is to stuff your face with sugar cookies, there's a technique
Lighten Up! 10 Post-Holiday Recipes You'll Feel Good About Eating. After stuffing yourself silly on Thanksgiving, it feels good to eat light -- at least until the next holiday. From soups to salads to entrees, all of these recipes are as good to eat as they are good for you.
11 Brilliant Recipes For Leftover Mashed Potatoes. Leftovers are the best.
These Kickass Chefs Will Stun You With Their Mesmerizing Noodle-Making. Dancing and carbs? YES PLEASE.
One Very Simple Way To Make Thanksgiving Less Wasteful. Let your guests take some of that delicious bounty off your hands.
Millennials Are Loading Up On Their Vegetables. The rest of us should follow their lead.
Chipotle's Burrito Calorie Count Is Full Of Beans, Lawsuit Says. \Lulled into a false belief.\
Kids Have Hysterical Reaction To The Thanksgiving Side Dishes Of Decades Past. Classic.
You Can Write A Fortune Cookie For A Stranger Right Here, Right Now. \Be more like Beyonc\u00e9.\
Restaurants Are Capitalizing On Your Love For Your Grandma. They really know how to tug on those heart strings.
Sunday Meal Prep. Including apple pie overnight oats and more.
This Quirky Coke Bottle With A Secret Is Bringing Us Joy Right Now. It's the little things.
This Cupcake Is A Terrifying Look At  What Trump's America Could Be. There's a milk chocolate wall, because of course.
The Presidential Cookie Poll Let Us Down This Year. But Hillary's recipe won't.
Chocolate Lovers Aren't Sweet On Toblerone's Triangle Change. Seriously, what were they thinking?
This Oven Only Makes Cookies, And It's Equal Parts Awesome And Awful. It\u2019s basically the Keurig of the cookie world.
We Bet You Have No Idea What Cr\u00e8me Fra\u00eeche Really Is. One thing you should know, it's amazing in scrambled eggs.
Thanksgiving Trouble? Now You Can Talk Turkey With Butterball By Text Or Twitter. Just in time for the holidays!
This Map Shows All The Bars Nearest To Your Polling Place. Now THIS is something America needs right now.
What To Do With Those Leftover Seeds From Your Carved Pumpkin. Bacon can be involved this year.
9 Fang-tastic Halloween Dinners For Kids. It takes a lot of energy to troll the neighborhood collecting candy. Dinner should be quick, easy, and filling on Halloween night. From chicken tenders to chicken tacos, these fang-tastic recipes are easy to make and will have your eager trick-or-treaters out the door in no time.
9 Ghoulishly Good Treats For Halloween. Trick-or-Treat? Definitely treat! From killer caramel corn to spooktacular ghost cupcakes, these eerie-sistible goodies are guaranteed to get you into the Halloween spirit.
Sunday Meal Prep. Yes, we said chocolate mousse.
This Rescue Pup Is The Only Foodie You Need To Follow On Instagram. This might be the world's best-behaved dog.
5 Things Every Coffee Lover Needs To Stash In Their Desk Drawer. Because no one should have to suffer through another cup of bad office sludge.
Girl Scout Cookies Cereal Is Coming For Us In 2017. Let's stop pretending we don't already eat dessert for breakfast (we're looking at you, doughnuts).
12 Warm & Cozy Fall Baking Recipes. Break out the apples, pumpkin, cinnamon, and nutmeg -- it's time to hunker down for some cozy fall baking.
4 Things To Know Before You Try To Put Seafood In Your Slow Cooker. It can be done, you just need to know how.
This Grilled Eyeball Sandwich Might Be A Little Too Realistic. Need a Halloween party recipe? You're welcome.
Sunday Meal Prep. It's going to be a great week.
Study Finds That Cheese Makes Wine Taste Even Better. Cheers!
Caramel M&M's Are Coming For Your Sweet Tooth Next Year. It's so wrong it might actually be right.
15 Italian-Inspired Comfort Food Recipes You Need This Fall. Pasta, gnocchi and so much cheese.
Avocados Are About To Get Even More Expensive. The fruit may soon be a \luxury item.\
The Times They Are A Changing -- And So Must Food.. It seems appropriate that Bob Dylan would win the Nobel Prize for Literature just three days before World Food Day (October
Honey Recipes That'll Remind You How Important Our Bees Are. Sometimes sticky situations can be good.
How The Real 'Auntie Anne' Used Pretzels To Save Her Marriage. For Anne Beiler, forgiveness comes covered in cinnamon sugar.
We Tasted Some Of The Weirdest Beers America Has To Offer. Pickle beer
Not Everything Is Terrible. Happy hour just got even happier.
All The Ways You Could Ever Want To Poach An Egg. You got this.
Instant Craft Beer Means You Never Have To Wait For Beer Again. Game. Changed.
Lentil Soup Recipes That Won't Bore You To Death. And they're (mostly) healthy, too.
Cinnamon Apple Raisin Cake. 
Your Sunday Meal Planner. Did we mention the spaghetti squash bowls?
The Egg Gadgets That Will Make Your Mornings Easier. We all deserve a little ease with our breakfast.
Watching Ice Cream Sandwiches Get Made Is The Most Satisfying Thing You'll Ever See. Prepare yourself.
Apple Fritter Season Is Here, And So Are The Recipes You'll Need. They're like an apple pie and a doughnut in one. Trust us, you want some.
These Gigantic Soup Dumplings Are The Size Of Your Head. And they're taking the East Village of New York City by storm.
The Surprising Truth About What's REALLY In Commercial Pumpkin Spice. We're just going to get this out of the way first
Coffee In A Cone Is About To Be The Next Big Food Craze. Now you can caffeinate via cone.
There's A New Trump-Flavored Ice Cream Called 'Make America Orange Again'. And it has chocolate brownie bricks (to build a wall).
These Photos Of Real Kitchen Disasters Prove We've ALL Been There. Sometimes, eggs just explode.
The Brands Of Instant Coffee That Are Actually Worth Drinking. Instant coffee is a beautiful idea. That\u2019s why still, to this day, the sale of this convenient stuff is on the rise. Sadly
Sunday Meal Planner. Plus, berry chia pudding.
These Cauliflower Cake Recipes Will Blow Your Mind. And it's good cake, too.
Coffee Jelly Is The Dessert That Just Won't Die. A recent Japanese Starbucks drink craze has brought an interesting dessert to our attention
The Hamdog Is The Greatest Advance In Technology Since Sliced Bread. Hotdogs and hamburgers, together in meaty matrimony.
The Most Popular Late-Night College Eats Across The Country. Is your school on this list?
This Is How You Pick The Fastest Lane At The Supermarket. It sounds counter-intuitive, but get behind the person with a loaded cart.
These Are The Donut Walls That Dreams Are Made Of. If you\u2019ve been to a wedding in these past few months, chances are you have encountered a donut wall. It\u2019s the latest trend
These Guys Compared $3 And $250 Sushi And The Result May Shock You. \This is the closest to a mouthgasm I have ever achieved.\
Celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month With Arroz Con Pollo. National Hispanic Heritage Month celebrates the contributions of Hispanic men and women in American society. What started
Tuna Pasta. 
From Tacos To Pad Thai. High in protein, low in calories, and quick to make, shrimp is always a great choice for dinner. You'll love these crustacean creations; they're all loaded with flavor!
Your Weekly Meal Prep. Did we mention dark chocolate cashew butter cups?
The Genius Products That'll Help You Pack An Eco-Friendly Lunch. From bento boxes to stainless steel straws.
When It Comes To Eggs, Size Really DOES Matter. Plus more crazy egg facts you should know.
Burger King Introduces Cheetos Chicken Fries, Because Life Is A Nightmare. What have we done to deserve this?
6 Foods That Are Worth Spending A Little Extra Money On. Because you're worth it.
Move Over Pumpkin Spice, Banana Milk Coffee Is The New It Drink. Pumpkin spice lattes are nice during the first days of fall, but after you\u2019ve eaten pumpkin spice-flavored bagels, hummus
Worker Strike Could Cause A Significant Peeps Shortage Next Easter. \No pension? No Peeps.\
9 Tricks That'll Make You Actually Want To Eat A Packed Lunch. There are so many virtues to packing your own lunch \u2015 it\u2019s healthier, cheaper and all around smarter \u2015 but that doesn\u2019t mean
How Pizza As We Know It Was Inspired By A Queen. It had a humble beginning.
Here's Your Chance To Score Never Ending Pasta At Olive Garden. Imagine the pastabilities!
Pumpkin Spice In Bite Size Form!. They say pumpkin is a super food, so with that logic, these pumpkin spice truffles would absolutely count as healthy.
10 Food Instagrammers You HAVE To Follow Right Now. Freshen up your feed with these amazing accounts.
Here's How Much Money You're Wasting When You Toss Out Food. And the more money you're needlessly throwing away.
The Science Of The Perfectly Seared Steak. What exactly happens when you put heat to red meat.
Is There Any Food That's Totally Ethical To Eat? Here's What Experts Buy. It's been called the \omnivore's dilemma.\ And nobody, not even an expert, is exempt from it.
There's A Shockingly High Chance The Seafood You're Eating Isn't Legit. A new report reveals that nearly one in 5 seafood products worldwide are mislabeled.
Coca-Cola Is Getting Into The Bottled Coffee Game. Who do they think they are -- Starbucks?
Gene Wilder Tribute Burger Looks Scrumdiddlyumptious. It\u2019s a patty and bun made with pure imagination.
The History Of Coffee Reveals It Has A Very Dark Side. The cost of a cappuccino is more than most coffee workers make in an entire day.
7 Ways To Look Like A Pro In A Wine Tasting Room. Don\u2019t ask for more wine.  If you want more wine, then buy a bottle.
From the Kitchen to the Page and Back. 
Labor Day Weekend. It's time to say sayonara to summer with a Labor Day bash and lots of good food. So fire up the grill and cap off the season with a killer cookout. From Old Bay shrimp salad to juicy steakhouse burgers, all of these foolproof recipes will make your summer send-off unforgettable.
Icons of Whiskey Retailing. 
Summer's Last Hurrah. Labor Day? Already? Don't worry, there's still time to take advantage of summer's best bounty. From Corn Soup to Plum Cake, here are ten recipes you need to try before the season is over.
Spiralized Summer Squash Salad. 
This Former Breakfast Staple Is Vanishing From Grocery Stores. OJ concentrate? More like no-j concentrate.
Chick-Fil-A Takes Yet Another Healthy Step With New Grain Bowls. Eat mor chikin \u27a1\ufe0f eat more quinoa.
Rocky Mountain Oysters Aren't Shellfish. They're Testicles.. Proof that just about anything can be deep-fried.
There\u2019s A Strange Reason Your \u2018Humanely Raised\u2019 Meat Tastes So Good. It's your mind, not your mouth.
We Now Have Even More Proof That Coffee Cravings Are Genetic. Thanks, mom! \u2615\ufe0f
Does Hunger Make You Angry? You're Not Alone When You're Hangry.. 62 percent of Americans get hangry. And 20 percent have alienated a loved one because of it.
This Is How Much Work Goes Into Making Instagram-Worthy Food Photos. Don't feel bad if your feed doesn't look this good.
Sriracha Creator Never Trademarked Its Name, Which Is Why It's Everywhere. And it's a refugee success story.
Apparently Neiman Marcus Sells Ridiculously Expensive Food, Including Bougie Tamales. Let's dig in, shall we?
This Bicycle Coffeeshop Chain Might Give Starbucks A Run For Its Money. We like it a latte.
Why You Should Never Be Afraid To Eat Bruised Fruit. Nobody's perfect. \ud83c\udf4e
Yes, You Can Make Real Cuban-Style Coffee At Home. It's all about the crema.
Teeling Whiskey. 
The Surprising Key To The Most Scoopable Ice Cream In The World. You have to let it age.
If You Want To Understand The Price Of Milk, Think Of It Like Gasoline. NPR\u2019s The Salt exposes the mysteries of dairynomics By Amanda Arnold, SAVEUR Calcium-rich, helpful in forming both thick
This Harry Potter Cafe Will Stun You Like A Stupefy Spell. It's a muggle's paradise.
9 Times You've Probably Been A Victim Of Food Fraud. Not even your sushi is safe.
Here Are The Locals' Tips For What To Eat And Drink In Rio. From iced mate and Biscoito Globo on the beach to codfish fritters and cocktails in downtown bars, Rio\u2019s cuisine is worth exploring.
Why The U.S. Olympic Gymnasts Aren't Getting A Wheaties Box. Not even Simone and Aly can make Special K taste good.
If You've Ever Wanted To Eat Like Lady Gaga, Now You Can. Move over, Mario Batali. There's a new Italian chef in town.
Your Favorite Fish Could Be In Danger Of Being Overeaten. \If you want to see tuna around for your children, you should probably stop eating so much of it.\
This Gadget Transforms Old Beer Bottles Into Drinking Glasses. And it reduces waste, to boot!
Cam Newton Doesn't Eat Red Meat, But Not For The Reason You'd Think. He eats that shrimp, though.
How To Make The Freshest Watermelon Mint Lemonade Ever. We've been drinking watermelon.
You Won\u2019t Even Miss The Meat With These Delicious Vegetarian Sandwiches. For Bon Appetit, by Christina Chaey. Roasted Eggplant and Pickled Beet Meatless doesn\u2019t mean dainty. When making a veggie
5 Perfect-For-Packing Lunch Salads. Stuck in a lunch rut?  Mix up your midday meal with one of these healthy and delicious salads. From Asian chicken noodle salad to French lentil salad with goat cheese, all of these recipes are perfect to make-and-take -- and they won't get soggy.
How to make Samosa's LIKE A BOSS! | Indian Recipes #CookwithAnisa #recipeoftheday. 
Sunday Meal Prep. Did we mention the Mexican frittata?
This Awesome Dad Crafts Intricate Toast Breakfasts For Daughter With Allergies. This man is the Michelangelo of toast.
New Swedish Fish Oreos Are Not For The Faint Of Heart. We're about to lose our cookies. \ud83d\ude4a
17 Tweets That Perfectly Explain Why Texas' Food Is The Best. It's not just about the brisket -- though the brisket IS important.
9 Tweets That Perfectly Sum Up Your Love For Ros\u00e9. #roseallday
Meryl Streep Weighs In On The 'Are Hot Dogs Sandwiches?' Debate. Spoiler alert
Brazil's Brigadeiros Make America's Cake Balls Look Like A Joke. Chocolate + condensed milk + sprinkles = happiness.
Michael Phelps Ate A Pound Of Pasta After Winning Gold In Rio. Carbs for the win. \ud83c\udf5d
This Ad Hilariously Shows What Happens When You Instagram Your Food. We'd give this painter a solid two thumbs up.
Colbert Mocks Matthew McConaughey's Wild Turkey Endorsement With An Ad For 'Savage Cock'. This parody will be tough to swallow for Matthew McConaughey.
5 Peachy-Keen Summer Recipes. This combination of sweet peaches, burrata, and salty prosciutto is a fun play on caprese. With a bottle of chilled ros\u00e9, it's the perfect light summer supper.
If You're Not Stocking Your Fridge This Way, You're Doing It Wrong. There are rules you should be following.
What Olympic Swimmer Ryan Lochte Eats For Breakfast Will Shock You. It's enough to feed a family of four.
GIFs Show Real Trees Shaking To Life, Just Like The Movie Trees Of Our Nightmares. Shaky, shaky.
The History Of How Salt And Pepper Became The World's Most Popular Pairing. It\u2019s largely thanks to picky eater and French king, Louie the 14th.
This Magical Machine Claims To Keep Avocados From Going Brown. The company is calling it an \Avocado Time Machine.\
Magic Pok\u00e9 Ball Dessert Is The Treat Pok\u00e9mon Go Players Deserve. Gotta catch all the snacks.
After Many Failed Attempts, A Recipe For Chocolate-Covered Watermelon That Works. We;ll do anything to honor summer's best fruit.
9 Ways Vermont's Food Scene Is Impossible To Beat. From maple to cheddar, this tiny state has a lot to offer.
Poop-Themed Dessert Bar Will Serve You Treats Shaped Like ... Well, You Know. Ew.
Ros\u00e9 Chocolate Exists, And We've Officially Gone Too Far. We wonder if it tastes different if you eat it in the Hamptons ...
How To Turn Leftover Champagne Into Fancy Vinegar. Waste not.
These Butterbeer Ice Cream Floats Will Make Any Harry Potter Fan Rejoice. Brilliant!
15 Ways To Sneak Peanut Butter Into Your Breakfast. Protein galore.
Sunday Meal Prep. Plus, roasted blueberries.
Taco Bell's Cheetos Burrito. \I'd be lying if I didn't say I want one real bad.\
How To Regrow Vegetables From Nothing More Than Kitchen Scraps. It's kind of amazing.
How To Turn Leftovers Into Meals You'll Want To Eat. The possibilities are endless.
New Pasteurization Process Will Extend The Life Of Milk 7 Weeks Longer. Hallelujah.
Cockroach Milk Might Be The Hot New Superfood, According To Science. Please excuse us while we vomit.
7 Brilliant Ways To Make Your Costco Runs Last And Last...And Last. Because you're not saving money (or the planet) if you end up tossing half your purchases.
10 Foods You Really Should Be Pickling. 1. Green tomatoes.
7-Eleven Delivers A Slurpee By Drone, Because We're Living In The Future. Who do they think they are, Amazon?
12 Picnic-Perfect Salads. 
Taco Bell. \u201cDude, you\u2019re vegetarian... what the heck can you eat there anyways?\u201d
These Breathtakingly Beautiful Cakes Are Straight Out Of A Dream. It pains us to say it, but these cakes might be too pretty to eat.
Sunday Meal Planner. Yum, yum.
Turns Out Humans Have Been Obsessed With Food Porn For Hundreds Of Years. And we've hated vegetables for just as long.
How The Cleveland Browns Are Helping To Turn Food Waste Into Renewable Energy. The Browns are the first professional franchise to implement the Grind2Energy food waste recycling system.
Wes Anderson-Inspired 'Grand Beedapest Hotel' Is The Best Thing You'll See All Day. It's the bee's knees.
Adorable Kitty Enforcers Handle Brewery's Rodent Problem. \It's handled.\ -Olivia Pope/these cats
Here's What's Inside The Nutri-Burger, The 'World's Healthiest Burger'. Hint
3 Easy Ways To Stop Wasting So Much Food. Embrace the bulk bins.
From Sangria to Smoothies. Beat the heat and quench your thirst with these fun summer drinks. Whether you're craving a fruity sangria, a creamy mudslide or a healthy smoothie, you'll be spoiling yourself with these sweet sips all summer long. Cheers!
Sunday Meal Prep. Did we mention the breakfast cookies, too?
7 Ways We All Need To Use Less Plastic Wrap In The Kitchen. Put the plastic wrap down.
7 Genius Uses For Parmesan Rinds. 1. To make the best stock you've ever tasted.
5 Ways Your Supermarket Is Robbing You. The store is designed to draw you in.
Save Those Potato Peels And Make The Best Homemade Chips. Proof that cooking with scraps is a great idea.
The Delicious Meal You Can Make With Leftover Coffee. Plus, a few desserts.
Your Sunday Meal Prep. Plus, spicy fruit salad.
9 Clever Products That'll Help Prevent Your Produce From Rotting. No more wilted greens in your crisper drawer.
Bunch Of Grapes Sells For Nearly $11,000, Because Nothing Makes Sense Anymore. The grapes are the size of ping pong balls and \very sweet.\
How To Freeze Fresh Herbs In Oil To Make Them Last Longer. A genius way to stretch your grocery budget.
Stephen Colbert Loves Waffle House More Than You. He's the hilarious patron saint of waffles.
The Best Foods To Buy In Bulk, And How To Tell When They Go Bad. An estimated two billion people could be fed from the food the U.S. throws away each year. It's time we make a change.
Turn Your Scraps Of Summer Fruit Into The Most Gorgeous Ice Cubes. It's just what your next summer bash needs.
Strawberry-Top Water Is A Refreshing Solution To Food Waste. Tasty, too.
How To Cook With The Whole Chicken And Get The Most Out Of Your Bird. From the skin to the bones.
Happy Farro July!. If you are looking for a one-stop dish to bring to your summer gatherings, look no further. This delicious farro salad is one well-rounded meal with fresh summer veggies, fruit, greens, dairy and protein. It's refreshing, satisfying and you won't feel bloated post consumption, so go ahead and make a splash with that sexy swimsuit.
The Poke Bloody Mary Is The Brunch Mashup You Never Knew You Needed. Before you freak out about throwing raw fish into a drink, hear us out.
9 Salads And Sides To Flag For The 4th Of July. Fireworks, friends and -- most importantly -- food! Flag these easy salad and side recipes for your Independence Day party. They're keepers.
Join HuffPost's Mission To Reduce Food Waste, Starting In Your Kitchen. Our month-long challenge this July will make you a more resourceful cook.
Ingenious Job Applicant Puts Her Resume On A Chocolate Bar. Um, can we hire her?
Watermelon And Ros\u00e9 Live Harmoniously As One In This Froz\u00e9 Recipe. And it's *so* easy.
How To Turn Your Overripe Tomatoes Into The Best Cocktail. Don't throw them away!
Cereal Milk And Chia Pudding Belong Together. The Lucky Charms marshmallows don't hurt either.
The Best Wines To Pair With Your Barbecue. Are you drinking the right red for your burger?
Chipotle Has A Sad New Plan To Win Us All Back. It's gonna take more than free burritos.
Pepsi Is Adding Aspartame Back Into Its Diet Drinks. Read closely before you sip.
These Rainbow Yogurt Pops Are All We're Eating For Breakfast This Summer. Healthy, refreshing AND beautiful.
13 Pizza Tattoos That Declare Your Love For America's Favorite Food. Slice or die.
10 Cool And Creamy Summer Sweets. When your sweet tooth strikes in the summertime, nothing satisfies more than a cool and creamy dessert. From Homemade Ice Cream Sandwiches to Banana Pudding Parfaits, these sweet treats will cool you off and make you happy.
Can You Spot The Difference Between The Strawberry Moon And Ham?. It's trickier than you think.
Watermelon Recipes That'll Keep You Happy All Summer Long. Dig in.
Burger King's Mac N' Cheetos Will Fulfill Your Dreams -- Or Nightmares. The fast food giant says it's working on a few other \unique\ menu items.
OMG, Ben & Jerry's Is Blessing Us With Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Beer. What will they think of next?
KFC's New 'Watt A Box' Will Charge Your Phone Battery While You Eat. Fried chicken just got a whole lot more high-tech.
Your Sunday Meal Prep. So good, and so healthy.
Move Over Ros\u00e9, Blue Wine Is Now On The Market. This is for real.
Hold On To Your Cheesecake, A 'Golden Girls' Cafe Is Coming. We're more excited than Blanche Devereaux on a first date.
These Girl Scout Cookie Baking Mixes Are The Greatest Invention Ever. Thin Mint flavors all year long!
Um, You REALLY Should Know What Biodynamic Wine Is Before Drinking It. Cow's horns are involved.
Fairy S'mores. I\u2019ve always been fascinated by S\u2019mores. Although I never had them in my childhood, I discovered S\u2019mores through old American
Show Dad The Love With Dessert! 8 Father's Day Recipes That'll Win His Heart. This Father's Day, send dad out for a round of golf or a nap in the hammock while you and the kids whip up a special homemade dessert. Whether you go for the chocolate and peanut butter icebox cake or the dark chocolate bread pudding, all of these recipes will show dad the love -- and end the day on a sweet note.
This Insane Cake Is Layered With Super Thin Oreos. We're not worthy.
Deli Meat Truck And Bread Truck Collide In A Sandwich Love Story. Maybe fate brought them together.
Study Claims Freezing Your Coffee Beans Will Brew You A Better Cup. This changes everything.
Your Sunday Meal Prep. Just do it.
There's A Right And A Wrong Way To Reheat Leftovers. If you think you should just nuke everything, think again.
Sushi Donuts Are Here, So Prepare Yourselves. We'll take a dozen sushi donuts ... actually, make that two.
Please, Just Stop Talking About Farm-To-Table. Don't utter the words. Don't even think about it. Remove its existence from your memory.
The Reason We Waste So Much Food Is Because We Love Our Families Too Much. We show our affection for loved ones by cooking too much food. And it's destroying the planet.
The Best Restaurant In The World Is Not What You're Thinking. Guess again, folks.
Why Coffee And Hickory Smoke Will Always Remind Me Of My Dad. His obsession for coffee -- at least two pots a day -- and his love for grilling and smoking meat have something to do with it.
An Illustrated Guide To The 10 Most Confusing Menu Terms. From bibimbap to yuzu, and everything in between.
Starbucks Hops On The Granita Trend Just In Time For Summer. Move over, Frappuccinos.
10 Asian-Inspired Summer Meals. This summer, enjoy the vibrant flavors of Asia without ever leaving your own kitchen. From Asian BBQ Chicken to Shrimp Pad Thai, all of these dinners are fun, fast and fuss-free.
10 Pieces Of Swag That Fully Express Your Love For Ros\u00e9. Chill yourself a bottle, deck yourself out in the appropriate swag and celebrate this holiday in style.
America's Favorite Mexican Food Chain Is... Not Chipotle. Not Even Close.. #OhNoChipotle
How Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams Is Fighting Waste In A Genius Way. Less waste, more taste.
The 5 Foods Anthony Bourdain Always Keeps In His Kitchen. We weren't expecting these.
Guy Fieri Eating To Johnny Cash's 'Hurt' Fills Us With Feelings. \I focus on the pain, the only thing that's real.\
General Mills Releases Tiny Toast, Its First New Cereal In 15 Years. When you can't decide between cereal or toast, now there's Tiny Toast.
McDonald's Japan Is Giving Away A Golden Chicken McNugget. And apparently the whole world is excited.
From Pizza to Zoodles. Whether you buy it ready-made or make your own, pesto is the perfect way to add pizzazz to any dish.
Grills Gone Wild. Burgers, hot dogs and chicken breasts are fine. But this summer, when you fire up the grill, think outside the box with some new, unique recipes. From Grilled Thai Curry Chicken with Coconut-Peanut Sauce to Moroccan Meatballs, these recipes will help you get your grill on.
Kanye West Ice Cream Week Returns To New York. And we are Bound 2 it.
The Summer Hoedown Is Officially Your Drink Of The Season. Watermelon + beer. What could be more refreshing?
The Healthiest Green Eggs And Ham Come From A Blender. It's the easiest way to start your day.
Wafflewich. 
There's Nothing You Need Right Now More Than These Ombr\u00e9 Wine Slushies. So delicious. So easy. So pretty. So necessary.
Plant-Based, The Beyond Burger Aims To Stand Sturdy Among Meat. For the handful of companies working to develop plant-based alternatives to meat, finding a hearty stand-in for the humble
Watch This Man Destroy A Coconut With His Teeth. And then curse yourself every time you spend $4 on a coconut water.
Katharine Hepburn's Legendary Brownie Recipe. Hepburn's brownies have as much pluck as their creator.  These brownies don't require numerous ingredients or top shelf products like single-source chocolate or European butter, this is a \no fuss, no muss\ recipe.
10 Fabulous Meals You Can Eat With Your Hands. Fact
The Longest Pizza In The World Is Not For The Faint Of Heart. Cheese fiends, beware. \ud83c\udf55\ud83d\ude48
Gordon Ramsay's 5 Basic Cooking Lessons Involve No Anger, Lots Of Helpful Tips. This is one \hell\ of a how-to.
Every Beer And Pizza Lover's Wildest Fantasy Just Came True. Beer pizza. Mmmmmm.
Cinnamon Bun Pizza, Welcome To This World Of Ours. Magic in your mouth.
Gordon Ramsay And Julia Child Have A Rap War, And It's Tasty. \I got Michelin stars. You're like the Michelin man.\
Taco Bell Is About To Look A Whole Lot Different Soon. Is that a fire pit?!
3 Smart Tricks To Cut Calories From Your Cocktails. Drink (calorically) responsibly.
Ben & Jerry's New Flavor 'Empower Mint' Is More Political And Punny Than Ever. Ben & Jerry's wants to fix America.
How Online Food Delivery Services Make It Easier For You To Eat Healthy. You can't exactly grab a box of chocolate chip cookies on a whim online, like you do at the grocery store.
McDonald's Has Been Secretly Testing Fresh Beef For Months Now. They've done so \without any advertising.\
5 Standout Sausage Recipes You Have to Try. Tired of serving chicken every night? Give sausage a go! You can use it in everything from lasagna to turkey burgers.
8 Impossibly Cute, Craveworthy Cookies. Nothing satisfies the sweet tooth better than a perfect little cookie (or three). From Nutella Sandwich Cookies (aka Yo-yos) to Forgotten Kisses, these adorable treats are all easy to make and impossible to resist.
8 Gluten-Free Bread Recipes You Have To Try. No gluten? No problem!
Dirty Bloody Mary. 
DIY Gifts for Mom in Under an Hour. Sure, you can go to a store and pick out something ordinary, but it takes time to find a special gift for mom, so instead, make something meaningful with your own hands! And while you are at it, make some extra for yourself to enjoy!
Your Mimosas Are So Basic. Here's How To Kick Them Up.. Make mom the happiest with these mimosas.
FYI, Not All Moms Transform Into Hardcore Tea Drinkers On Mother's Day. Coffee-drinking moms deserve better than this.
KFC Has Chicken-Flavored Nail Polish Now. Take a wild guess what the slogan is.
The U.S. Is Sitting On A Mountain Of Cheese. It's the largest inventory we've seen since 1984.
Ole! 15 Mouthwatering Recipes For Cinco de Mayo. 
Now You Can Get Pizza In A Pizza Box Made Out Of Pizza. Meta-pizza.
This Genius Trick Will Help You Tell Boiled Eggs From Raw Ones. You don't have to be a hardboiled detective to crack this egg trick.
What Prince Ate. The last meal Ray Roberts prepared for Prince was roasted red pepper bisque and a kale salad. When he entered Paisley Park
Starbucks' Birthday Cake Frappuccino Is Back For A VERY Short Time. This definitely qualifies as an indulgence.
Hershey's To Develop A Line Of Meat Bars, But They Don't Want You To Call Them That. Mmmmmm, meat.
If This Doesn't Inspire You To Start Prepping Your Meals, Nothing Will. This will make your week infinitely better, we swear.
Hi-C's Ecto Cooler Is Officially Coming Back For 'Ghostbusters'. Bustin's about to feel good again.
There's A Scientific Reason Your Brain Thinks Rainbow-Colored Food Is So Tasty. Does a multicolored bagel actually taste different from a plain one?
Beyonce's Lemonade Recipe Made Us Thirsty. Herewith, A Few With A Little Less Sugar.. None of these require a half pound of sugar. We promise.
What To Do If Your Dog Eats Your Pot Brownie. Dogs love food, and when they smell something delicious in the air, many will do anything it takes to wrap their mouths around
Drake's Much Anticipated Whiskey Is FINALLY About To Drop May 1. \I know that it's comin' I just hope that I'm alive for it.\
Ted Cruz's Supporters Share His Weird Fixation With Soup, According To Google Trends. Google Trends data show that Cruz supporters love bisque and Trump's fans like ... tilapia?
Meatless Meatballs That Any Carnivore Will Happily Devour. Balls to the wall.
12 Money-Saving Ways To Outsmart Your Grocery Store. There are sadly only a few times when I walk out of the grocery store feeling like I\u2019ve gotten everything that I wanted.
How to Drink Like Anthony Bourdain. 
Ben & Jerry's Free Cone Day Is Here, With A Global Warming Twist. Free ice cream and helping the planet? It's a win-win.
Ginger and Garlic Tofu. Even if you appreciate your meat like I do, this tofu dish is hearty and satisfying.  Umami flavors dominate, with caramelized shallots, garlic, ginger and soy shining brightly; this is one tasty vegetarian entree.
Wine Stories  The Valtellina. The Nebbiolo grape variety has long been associated with Italy's Piedmont region. There it is used to produce two of Italy's greatest wines, Barolo, the long heralded king of Italian wines, and its equally distinguished cousin Barbaresco.
Spring Asparagus. Asparagus is to spring what pumpkin is to fall
Whole Foods' First '365' Store To Open In May. Budget-friendly version promises it won't swallow up your \Whole Paycheck.\
Starbucks Is Opening A HUGE New Roastery In New York City. Just what New York needs.
Ahhh -- Spring. It's about time
13 Instagram Accounts Every Health-Conscious Food Lover Should Follow ASAP. It doesn't have to be all doughnuts, all the time.
10 Dazzling, Delicious Easter Desserts. Make your Easter feast unforgettable by ending on a sweet note. From Classic Carrot Cake with Cream Cheese Frosting to Chocolate Peanut Butter Pie, these desserts are all serious show-stoppers.
Lemon Raspberry Swirl Muffins. Easter is tomorrow and if you are hosting a brunch or joining others at their home, trying to please everyone's tastes can be a challenge. Nevertheless, it's time to celebrate and Sunday mornings are always a good time to enjoy muffins, especially these sophisticated little love-muffins.
Starbucks Announces It'll Debut Pumpkin Spice Latte K-Cups This Year. Two words
You Think These Foods Are Healthy, But They Are NOT. Always read the labels.
Here's Exactly How Much Sugar Is In Starbucks' New Caramelized Honey Latte. Answer
Amy Schumer Drops HUGE Tip For Bartenders Working On Broadway. Guess \Hamilton\ put her in the giving mood again.
The Presidential Candidates Seriously Don't Seem To Care About Our Food Supply. Or at least it appears that way, since none of them responded to our survey on food and ag issues.
14 All-Star Finger Foods for March Madness. You may not know the stats, but you can still be the MVP of snacks! From chips and guac to peel n' eat shrimp, these fun-to-eat finger foods are all a cinch to make, so you can spend less time in the kitchen and more time enjoying the game.
5 Crazy-Good Copycat Recipes from Your Favorite Restaurants. From CPK's Thai Crunch Salad to Starbucks' Pumpkin Scones, these copycat recipes are just as good as their restaurant versions -- if not better.
This Champagne Machine Gun Offers The Most Ridiculous Way To Waste Bubby. These ain't your childhood super soakers.
How To Make Pickleback Shot Glasses From REAL Pickles. Pickles make the best shot glasses.
People Are Losing Their Minds Over A Big Mac Covered In Molten Copper. Watch it, and you'll never eat one again. \ud83c\udf54 \ud83d\ude48
Weed Vodka Is Here, But It Might Not Deliver What You Were Hoping For. Bring on the cocktail tumblers. \ud83c\udf78
So THAT'S Why You Should Be Eating Lentils. So. much. fiber! \ud83d\ude4c\ud83c\udffc
10 Illustrations That'll Speak Straight To Your Food-Loving Heart. \ud83c\udf54\ud83d\udc9e
The Most Popular Pies Around The World, According To Pinterest. You're welcome.
5 \Almost Spring\ Recipes to Make This Week. Warmer weather is just around the corner, so it's time to think about lightening up. These five simple recipes will help you swing right into spring!
Pass the Potatoes. Baked, fried, pur\u00e9ed or mashed, everyone loves potatoes. From Maple-Mashed Sweet Potatoes to Potatoes Leek Soup, here are seven simple and delicious ways to make them.
Ben And Jerry's Announces 3 Brand New Core Flavors. Thank goodness.
Food Surgeon Implants Kit Kat In 3 Musketeers, Creates Candy Monster. Give us a break!
Hillary Clinton's Pinterest Board Proves She Might Be More Fun Than You Thought. It's not *all* pantsuits and politics.
It's About Time You Tried These 2-Ingredient Banana Pancakes. Jack Johnson would be so proud.
Here's The One Thing Emeril Lagasse Wishes All Home Chefs Would Do. So simple, but most of us forget it.
8 Impossible-to-Botch Breads. Making homemade bread sounds intimidating. No one wants to invest the time, only to have the bread come out of the oven totally different than what they expected. But these simple recipes are so straightforward, they're actually impossible to botch.
Single Malt Scotch Prices Are Skyrocketing As Global Supply Runs Out. Here's what that means for you.
7 Foolproof Family Dinners for Your Recipe Rolodex. If dinnertime is getting a little ho-hum and you find yourself making the same five meals over and over again, it's time to spice up your repertoire. From Sausage Lasagna to Pecan Crusted Chicken Tenders, these tested and perfected recipes will have your family excited for supper again.
Our Daily Guide To The #30Up Eat Well, Feel Great Challenge. The most fun way to boost your health!
These Cookies Are Spot-On Copies Of The Oscars Dresses. We'll take twelve. \ud83c\udf6a
Why I'm Challenging Myself To Eat Well This Month (And Why You Should, Too). It's not a diet -- it's a lifestyle change.
Take Our Healthy Eating Challenge, The Most Delicious Way To Eat Well & Feel Great. You're about to find the tastiest way to fuel your mind and body.
People Have An Odd Craving For Pineapple During The Oscars, According To Data. Who knew?
Movie-Themed Drinks To Toast With At Your Oscars Party This Year. Cheers.
Woman Finds Rare Purple Pearl In Date Night Seafood. The clam surprise, please!
Like Knowing If GMOs Are In Your Food? Congress Is Trying To Make That Harder. 2,000 chefs, led by Tom Colicchio, just let D.C. know what they think about that.
8 Slow-Cooked Recipes for a Cozy Winter Weekend. When wintry weather has you stuck inside, there's no better way to pass the time than cooking cozy and delicious foods. These dishes may take a little longer to make, but they're totally worth the extra time.
German Beer Bread With Rosemary Butter. This German Beer Bread is \knock-your-socks-off\ delicious and is the perfect companion for almost any meal.
The 7 Worst Wine Storage Mistakes You Can Make, And How To Fix Them. Respect the wine.
How To Make Your Lemons Last 4 Times Longer. If you leave them on the counter, that's just wrong.
Coffee\u2019s Invisible Carbon Footprint. Think of the environmental impacts of coffee, and your mind likely goes to mountains of coffee cherries polluting waterways
Is This Finally The Year For Nitro Beer?. In praise of the almighty widget.
Turns Out Hitler Might've Been Particular About How He Took His Tea. We'll take ours with milk.
What Is A Pulse, Anyway? You've Probably Been Eating Them All Your Life. It's time to check your pulse ... intake.
Find Out What Your Favorite Flavor Means With Our Girl Scout Cookie Guide. The beginning of a new year is always an exciting time!
How To Eat Seasonally In The Middle Of February. The options are practically limitless.
10 Super Bowl Sweets That Will Win Over the Crowd. No one will care who's winning the game when they taste one of these delicious desserts. From Chocolate Chip Blondies to Lemon Pound Cake, all of these touchdown treats are easy to make and fun to eat.
Kentucky Bourbon Affair Satisfies Americans' Insatiable Taste for Whiskey. Sometime during Casabourblanca, a signature event of the second Kentucky Bourbon Affair last year, my wife \u2014 who
14 MVP Recipes for Your Super Bowl Bash. Some go to Super Bowl parties for the game, others for the commercials -- but everyone looks forward to the food. From Tailgate Sliders to White Chicken Chili and Guacamole, these crowd-pleasing recipes will make you the MVP of the party.
The Healthy 3-Ingredient Brownie Recipe You Shouldn't Live Without. This is not a joke.
Flint's Crisis Isn't Just Dirty Water -- They Need Better Food, Too. Flint is home to only a few grocery stores and a high obesity rate. Fixing these problems won't be easy.
This Alternative Valentine's Cake Is Not For The Faint Of Heart. Happy Valentine's Day, everyone! \ud83d\udc95
How To Make Healthy Dips For The Super Bowl (Yes, They Still Taste Great). It is possible.
You Have To See How These Magical Rainbow Bagels Are Made. OMG.
Stop Buying Chai, Because You Can Easily Make Your Own. It's cheaper, too.
Food-Based Tourism Is On The Rise, Thanks To Our Eating-Obsessed Culture. Will travel for food.
The Incredible Things You Can Buy If You Give Up Starbucks For A Year. What would you do with all that cash?
Oreo Debuts A New Flavor That Tastes Like A Filled Cupcake. Another take on the classic chocolate-vanilla flavor combo.
This Spinning Super Mario Cake Takes Dessert To The Next Level. Get the Goombas!
Americans Will Eat 1.3 Billion Chicken Wings During The Super Bowl. That's a lot of napkins.
Muffins, Scones & More. From Maple Muffins to Gingerbread, these easy breakfast breads will brighten even the coldest and darkest winter mornings.
This PB&J Bourbon Comes With A Side Of Childhood Nostalgia. And a sweet buzz, too.
Ingredient Substitutions That'll Save You Tons Of Money. Every little bit counts.
People Are Totally Clueless About What 'Natural' Food Labels Mean. But the FDA may provide more clarity soon.
15 Signs You're A Better Cook Than You Think You Are. 1. You can make toast without burning it.
The Peanut Butter GIFs That Truly Express Our Obsession. \ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97
These Peanut Butter Recipes Will Make Your Life Infinitely Better. It's peanut butter time!
Kale Candy. 
Ben & Jerry's Releases 'Cake My Day' As Its Newest Flavor. YUM.
Lay's Announces Upgrades To 4 Classic Chip Flavors. ...and they're absurdly delicious.
The 10 American Cities With The Most Bakeries Per Capita. Pack your bags!
Mathematicians Say This Is The Best Way To Slice Pizza, But REALLY?!. Have we been eating pizza all wrong?
Francois Payard Shares His Cookie Secrets. Francois Payard is a legendary baker, so of course any advice of his is worth listening to. But when it comes to cookies it is even more important to pay attention. Cookies can seem so simple and yet, with so few ingredients, it is important to make sure everything is done perfectly.
The Definitive Guide To Stocking The Perfect Home Bar. When you know what you need, it's easy.
This Is How You're Actually Supposed To Make Tea, According To Brits. If the British Standard's Institute says so, it must be true.
5 Reasons To Eat More Mexican Food In 2016. It's time to revel in all things south of the border.
How To Make French Toast Without Wasting Your Entire Morning. \Forget Bout It\ French Toast is an ideal recipe for those without a lot of time but have plenty of mouths to feed.  You simply mix your ingredients, place your casserole dish in the refrigerator overnight, put it in the oven in the morning and voila -- your \forget bout it\ french toast is ready to devour.
The 9 Hacks You Need If You're Just Learning How To Cook. Make things easier on yourself.
The Easy Way To Make The Butter Mints Of Your Childhood. Even better than the ones at grandma's house.
This Color-Changing Cake Is Like Magic You Can Eat. Like, whoa.
Pizza Hut's New 'Hut Swag' Lets You Wear Your Obsession On Your Sleeve. Because nothing says hip like a \Pizza is BAE\ hoodie.
12 Ways Florida Makes Up For Its Crazy Reputation With Great Food. Two words
Pantelligent Is A 'Smart' Pan That'll Keep You From Burning Dinner. The future is now.
Eat Your Veggies. Vegetables don't have to be boring or relegated to a side dish. From roasted broccoli with chipotle honey butter to balsamic glazed roasted beets, these recipes are so flavorful and satisfying, they could carry an entire meal.
Tales of Hunger. 
The Healthy Recipes You Need To Get Back On Track. It's time to take a break from all the sweets.
The Most Delicious (And Grossest) Hangover Remedies, Ranked. From pickle juice to bull penises.
Chill Champagne In Minutes By Simply Adding Salt To Ice. The holidays present a dizzying array of planning \u2014 parties, shopping, baking, and cleaning. The list goes on. And, as someone
'Frozen'-Themed 'Party Drink' For Kids Is Discontinued For Obvious Reasons. \u266c \Do you want to pop some bottles?\ \u266c
'Star Wars' Cheeseburger Is A Gigantic Force To Be Reckoned With. \Do or do not. There is no try.\
Coconut Cookies. 
Croissant Bread Pudding. 
Rise and Shine. Christmas might be over, but there are still kids and houseguests to feed. Whip up one of these easy breakfast recipes and give them something delicious to wake up to.
11 Starters and Sweets for Your New Year's Bash. Now that Hanukkah and Christmas are over, it's time to focus on the next party! The great thing about entertaining on New Year's Eve is that your \meal\ can be made up of fun finger foods.
These Christmas-Inspired Burgers Are Making The Season Bright. YUM.
Here's How Mast Brothers Chocolate Stands Up Against The Big Ones. We put it up against Hershey's and Godiva to see if we could taste a difference.
5 Super Easy Christmas Cookie Recipes. Santa won't be able to resist. \ud83c\udf6a\ud83c\udf84
Here\u2019s How To Crack The Ultimate Holiday Nut. American chestnuts were all but wiped out last century, but that thankfully won\u2019t stop you from enjoying their winter-friendly
Nestle To Switch To Cage-Free Eggs In U.S. By 2020. The pressure is on from consumers and animal-rights groups.
This Darth Vader Gingerbread Man Is All We Want For Christmas. Who wouldn't want to take a bite out of the dark side?
Here's What To Do If You Get A Damn Fruitcake This Year. Don't regift it. Put it to good use.
3 Simple Ways To Make Stale Cookies Fresh Again. Cookies are such a treat when they are fresh and right out of the oven. But over even a short time, they can start to harden
This Is How Your Gin & Tonic Has Turned Into A Hipster Mess. When the prep feels like a whole happy hour
Christmas Dinner. The holidays are all about spending time with your friends and family -- not slaving away in the kitchen all day. That's why you'll love these recipes. From appetizers to dessert, they're all special enough to impress your guests, yet easy to check off your holiday to-do list.
Gluten-Free Christmas Cookie Recipes Everyone Can Enjoy. Everyone deserves a cookie this time of year.
The Best Appetizer Recipes To Nail Your Party. STOP. Put away the mini frozen quiches.
5 Dazzling Christmas Desserts. Every holiday dinner needs a show-stopping sweet finish. From Chocolate Pavlova with Whipped Mascarpone Cream to decadent Chocolate Peanut Butter Pie, these desserts all have serious wow-factor.
This 5-Recipe Meal Plan Will Get You Through The Week. With a grocery list to boot!
Genius Wine Opening Hacks You Haven't Seen Before. You're welcome.
So What Exactly IS Christmas Pudding, Anyway?. It's not really a pudding.
Artist Performs A Kaleidoscopic Transformation On Fruits And Veggies. If vegetables looked like this when we were growing up, we might have actually eaten them.
Organic Gatorade Will Arrive In 2016 From PepsiCo. Seriously.. Yep, the makers of the flavor \Cool Blue\ are jumping on the organic train.
19 Clever Products For People Who Do Not, Cannot, Will Not Cook. Hack your way around the kitchen.
Milk And Cereal Popsicles Are Breakfast's Answer To Busy Mornings. Genius.
What Your Favorite Christmas Cookie Says About You. Cookies reveal all.
8 Warm and Comforting Breakfast Breads. On a chilly morning, sometimes cold cereal just won't cut it. Good news
Buffalo Wild Wings Makes Mountain Dew Wings, To World's Dismay. Oh boy.
4 Adorable Ways Strawberries Make The Healthiest Christmas Snacks. Cuteness overload.
Krispy Kreme Wants You To Have A Dozen Donuts For Free On 12/12. We know what we're eating this weekend.
How To Preserve Clementines So You Can Eat Them All Year Long. Hallelujah!
11 Next-Level Gingerbread Cookies That Stir Up Tradition. These new takes are simply irresistible.
Crystal Pepsi Is Back, But You Have To Win It To Sip It. Welcome back to the '90s.
Bacon-Scented Underwear Exists, And It's Lewder Than You'd Imagine. Goodbye sanity, hello bacon.
It's Brussels Sprouts Season, And This Is Just The Dish You Need. It's prime brussels sprouts season and we're so excited to cook with the seasonal vegetable.
This No-Brainer Trick Chills Wine REALLY Quickly. It works for beer, too.
9 Delicious Recipes For Hanukkah (Or Any Day Of The Week). Whether or not you celebrate Hanukkah, you can still enjoy the delicious food that comes with it -- like crispy potato latkes, homemade applesauce and challah french toast.
This Muffuletta Dip Is The One Recipe You Need To Make This Weekend. Perfect eats for Sunday football.
GIFs Of Cookies Baking Are Deliciously Captivating. Enjoy National Cookie Day!
Manischewitz Cocktails Are The Answer To, Well, Manischewitz. Manischewitz jello shots are real.
You Can Now Turn Your Bitter Tears Into A Fancy Cocktail. Because, of course.
How To Turn A Bag Of Pretzels Into A Legitimately Fancy Holiday Gift. So easy. And so cute.
We Tried The 'Food Of The Future.' We Don't Want To Live There.. 'Drinkable supermeal' Ambronite is apparently popular -- but will it catch on?
The 29 Biggest Food Bummers That Will Always Bring You Down. Off-brand ketchup should be illegal.
Star Wars Ice Cream Is A Delicious Trip To The Dark Side. Prepare for ice cream \clones.\
Dunkin' Donuts Is Giving Away $10,000 During Your Coffee Break. Two kinds of dough! \ud83c\udf69\ud83d\udcb0
8 Light Dinners to Make After Thanksgiving. After the big Thanksgiving feast, it feels good to get back on track -- at least until the next holiday splurge. These waist-friendly meals are so satisfying, your family won't even blink an eye.
Reese's Christmas 'Tree' Peanut Butter Cups Are A Massive Failure. These don't look like any trees we've ever seen.
The Whisky Advent Calendar Is The Best Christmas Countdown, Ever. Bottoms up.
Healthy Dishes For The Week To Help You Recover From Thanksgiving. Consider it a mini detox.
The Shrimp At Red Lobster Are Officially Growing. The chain promises \bigger and better\ shrimp.
How To Carve A Turkey. The last step before you feast.
How Long To Cook A Turkey Per Pound. Stop wondering and get the answers.
Thanksgiving Cocktails With a Culinary Approach. Last year just before Thanksgiving, someone asked me if I could recommend a punch recipe that would take a long time to prepare.  I believe his exact words were \I want a 30-minute punch.\   I was a bit taken aback, mainly because I didn't understand why.
Big Mac Sushi Is The Food Mashup You Never Knew You Wanted. Started from McDonald's now we're here.
13 Pro Thanksgiving Tips From Mom, Because She Knows Best. Where would we be without her?
COOKIES! Nominate The Best One In Your State. It's time for the TODAY's Great American Cookie Swap and we're looking for the best cookies in the country.
The All-Too-Common Mistakes People Make With Thanksgiving Turkey. Don't let them happen to you this year.
11 Best Thanksgiving Vegetable Recipes. Move over turkey -- on Thanksgiving, the side dishes always steal the show. From creamy Brussels Sprouts Gratin to Potatoes au Gratin, these easy and elegant vegetable recipes will be the talk of the table.
These Thanksgiving Desserts Give Pie Some Serious Competition. Like, whoa.
The Only Thanksgiving Recipes You Really Need For A Classic Dinner. Make these 9 dishes and you will have a perfect meal.
How To Cook A Thanksgiving Turkey. It's easier than you think.
How Much Turkey Should I Buy For Thanksgiving?. Everything you've ever wanted to know about roasting a turkey, explained.
The Most Freak-Tastic 'Frankenfoods' To Make For Thanksgiving. We're grateful for \thankenfoods.\
Whole Foods Sells Jello Shots For Grown Ups? Sign Us Up. They're all natural so they're practically a health food.
How To Safely Thaw A Turkey. It can take days.
And America's Favorite Thanksgiving Pie Is .... The people have spoken.
How To Hack A Turkey Roasting Rack. And save some money this Thanksgiving.
Taco Bell To Use Cage-Free Eggs In All Of Its Restaurants. They're not clucking around.
12 Easy Recipes For A Delicious, Stress-Free Thanksgiving. Make life easy on yourself this Thanksgiving -- and avoid being a frazzled host -- by selecting dishes that are easy and/or make-ahead. When your guests arrive, you'll be ready to celebrate rather than slaving away in the kitchen or, worse, nodding off at the table.
How Long Does It Take To Cook A Turkey?. This Thanksgiving, be sure.
17 Beautiful Pie Designs You Need To Try For Thanksgiving. AKA how to win the family over with your baking skills.
Cook These 7 Recipes On Sunday, And Feed Yourself All Week. Be better this week.
Man Spends $900 To Make The Ultimate Root Beer Float From Scratch. He also traveled 1,100 miles.
Creating A Rose Out Of Apples Is Much Easier Than You Think. A dozen of fruity roses, please!
Some Seamless Restaurants Were Totally Fake, But Feeding You Anyway. Do you know who made your noodles? \ud83c\udf5c
Bacon-Wrapped Turkey Is The Secret To A Delicious Thanksgiving. You can't go wrong with bacon.
Dunkin' Donuts Releases 'Joy' Holiday Cup, No Offense To Starbucks. Good grief.
8 Bizarre Pumpkin Spice Products You Can Buy This Year. As pumpkin spice season (formerly known as fall) rolls around each year, it seems more outlandish products featuring the
Some Christians Are Extremely Unhappy About Starbucks' New Holiday Cups. The absence of snowflakes on the cups \denies the hope of Jesus,\ one woman claims.
The Mashed Potato Recipes You Want And Need. Dive in.
There\u2019s A Good Chance We'll All Be Eating Bugs Very Soon. That is, at least, according to a couple of New York filmmakers.
These 'Food Scans' Will Make You See Vegetables In A Whole New Way. It's a kaleidoscopic cornucopia.
The Incredibly Easy Way To Make Chocolate Fondue In A Coffee Pot. One of my favorite things about cooking is that there are always new and fun food hacks that I can try in order to make tasty
Black Market Wine Industry Means You Could Be Drinking Poison. Con men Hardy Rodenstock and Rudy Karniawan duped prominent wine enthusiasts out of millions of dollars.
How To Make Pumpkin Treats For Your Dog. Because everyone likes pumpkin come this time of year.
'Don't Be Mad At Me For Being A Picky Eater'. Be nice to the selective eaters in your life.
Starbucks' Red Holiday Cups Look A Whole Lot Different This Year. Mmmm. \ud83d\ude0a
5 Foolproof Muffins to Kick Off Baking Season. Break out the apron (and the jeggings)
Eat, Drink And Be Scary. Why should the kids have all the treats this Halloween?  Be the Ghostest with the Mostest with these easy gourmet recipes for your Halloween party.
Google's App Now Puts All The Cheese Knowledge In Your Pocket. An update includes information on more than 400 cheeses.
This Donut-Shaped Pool Table Is Homer Simpson's Dream Come True. With sprinkles to boot.
Starbucks' Halloween-Themed Frappuccino Isn't Exactly Appetizing. When vampires and chocolate meet.
Kids Aren't Impressed With Your Fancy Artisanal Chocolates. Take note, Goop readers.
How To Make Marshmallow Clouds For Hot Chocolate Season. Hot chocolate at its cutest.
Taco Bell Tests Croissant Tacos, Because Nothing Is Sacred. Warning
And America's Favorite Halloween Candy Is .... We'll tell you this, it's not candy corn.
Introducing The Chambong, A 'Classier' Beer Bong For Champagne. Middle-aged frat boys, rejoice!
This Is The Mistake You've Been Making With Homemade Stock. You're not alone.
Love at First Bite. Think beyond candy corns and snack-size Snickers this Halloween and indulge in some of these homemade sweets. Not only are they scary-good, they're easy to make.
The One Recipe You Need To Make This Weekend. If you make nothing else, make this dish.
Cook These Dishes On Sunday, And Eat Healthy Meals All Week Long. This week is going to be better.
Chicken Wing Tacos With Salsa Macha Recipe. Recipe reprinted from TACOS
Pastrami Tacos With Mustard Seed Salsa Recipe. Recipe reprinted from TACOS
McDonald's Is Testing Sweet Potato Fries In Texas. Are you ready for this?
9 Expert-Approved Hacks For A Decent, Manageable Hangover. It gets better. We promise.
Ben & Jerry's Unveils Delicious New Beer-Flavored Ice Cream. Ice cream and beer? It's literally a match made for each other.
Starbucks Unleashes A 'Beast Mode Frappuccino' By Marshawn Lynch. There are no Skittles.
Tips For Building A Better Sandwich. A sandwich can be the most basic of culinary creations, but there are a few things even we learned about making a sandwich
Baking Eggs INSIDE Avocados Is Truly A Champion's Breakfast. Because you've probably had enough avocado toast by now.
Banyan's Breakfast Smoothie. The great thing about this \kid approved\ recipe is, the ratio of fruit to juice creates a perfect smoothie consistency. Not too thick and not too thin. Moms, Dads and adults 21 and over, feel free to add a shot of rum - a lovely elixir for your lazy weekend mornings.
Top 5 Fall Beers. Reap the rewards of the harvest season with our favorite fall beers. Boasting full-bodied, malty flavor along with classic autumn ingredients like pumpkin, cinnamon and nutmeg, these seasonal sippers are sure to warm you up on a brisk fall evening.
No Fuss, No Muss. Weeknight dinners should full of flavor, not fuss. These easy recipes prove that you can create healthy and delicious meals for your family with minimal hassle.
Danny Meyer Is Eliminating All Tipping At His Restaurants. Here's Why It Matters.. Big news out of Manhattan
Which Television Wino Are You?. So many shows and so much wine in them.
The Fascinating Case For Eating Lab-Grown Meat. This is the future, folks.
How To Open A Beer With Your Laptop Charger. For when desperate times call for desperate measures.
How To Make Floating Eyeball Jello Shots For Halloween. Do it.
12 Leisurely Sunday Brunch Recipes. Skip the lines and make brunch at home -- these recipes are all easy like Sunday morning.
Crock Pot Cocktails Are What Your Life Has Been Missing. Say hello to the crocktail.
6 Simple Soups Perfect for Autumn. The fall days are getting shorter and cooler.  Warm up with these simple and delicious soups, all ready in 50 minutes -- or less!
How To Choose The Best Milk (Or Dairy Alternative) For Your Coffee. This is the information you need.
The Hottest Restaurant In New York City Is In A Dorm Room. \I didn't expect it to be so popular.\
Paul Prudhomme, Famed New Orleans Chef, Dies At 75. The chef of K-Paul's Louisiana Kitchen helped popularize Cajun cuisine.
There Could Be A Canned Pumpkin Shortage Before Thanksgiving. Eek! Better stock up while you can. \ud83d\ude40
The Only Pumpkin Hack That Matters This Halloween. Forget the jack-o-lantern this year, make a cooler instead.
Chester Cheetah Is Running For Mayor, Because America. Let's make it grrreat again.
This Is What All Those Confusing Food Labels Really Mean. Finally, a complete guide.
How To Make Vegan Brownies So Good You'll Forget All About Butter. They're gluten-free too!
10 Stress-Free Suppers for the Entire Family. Planning family meals shouldn't make you want to pull your hair out. Here are ten easy recipes that don't require any hard-to-find ingredients or too much advance planning. And the best part about these stress-free suppers
6 Tested and Perfected Canned Pumpkin Recipes. It's pumpkin season! Orange cans of pumpkin pur\u00e9e are everywhere -- put this fall pantry staple to good use with these pumpkin-packed recipes the whole family will love.
This Cat-Shaped Egg Mold Makes Mornings PURRRRfect. ADORABLE.
6 Creative Ways To Chug Your Morning Coffee. Variations on the sweetest nectar of life also known as coffee.
Relax, Carnitas Is Back At 90 Percent Of Chipotle Locations. Christmas miracles do happen, even in September.
Where To Score Freebies On National Coffee Day. Free coffee = a happy day.
10 Fun Foods for Football Season. Football fans, rejoice!  Your time has come.  Make your house the season's headquarters with these delicious game-day recipes.
Why Food Delivery And People-Hating Go Together Seamlessly. Eat more, hang out less.
This Common Mistake Is Making Your Beer Too Foamy. No nose grease required.
We Tried Starbucks' New Toasted Graham Latte. Peace out, PSL.
The Pumpkin Spice Latte Recipes Your Life Needs. It's going to be a delicious season.
You Can Now Order Starbucks With Your Phone ANYWHERE In The U.S.. Another perk to your daily grind.
Fall in Love With Fall. Sugar, spice and everything nice -- sink your teeth into September with these wonderful autumn sweets.
We Tried Oscar Mayer's Dating App For Bacon Lovers, And It Was Sizzlin'. \ud83d\udc37\ud83d\udc9e
The Best Cheese For Your Burger (And More Fun Cheeseburger Facts). Gimme cheese.
Mini Pop-Tarts Are Easier To Make Than You'd Think. YUM.
The Secret Ingredient You Need For Flawless Mashed Potatoes. Don't settle for less.
This Is What Happens When You Waffle Iron Everything. Yes, even gyoza.
Here's How To Get A Free Slurpee At 7-Eleven This Week. It's BOGO time.
5 Quintessential Summer Recipes to Make Before the Season Is Over. Labor Day might mark the ceremonial end of summer, but there are still 9 days until the season is officially over. Take advantage of the warm weather and end-of-season produce, and make these recipes before the weather turns cool.
Pancake Recipes For All Your Breakfast Needs. YUM.
One Pot Wonders. Minimize the mess! From succulent beef stew to easy chicken chili, you only need one pot to create these classic comfort meals.
Of Course Justin Timberlake Has A Personal Mixologist. When you own a tequila brand, you get some perks.
Campbell's Soup K-Cups Are Here, Since Cans Aren't Easy Enough. Soup, there it is.
The Trick To Stealthily Drinking A Beer In Public. No one will know.
The Apple Recipes That You've Been Waiting For All Year. Twenty-six recipes that take advantage of fall's greatest gift.
From Peach Cobbler to Banana Pudding. Labor Day--the last summer hurrah. Next week, pumpkin lattes and apple spice muffins will be everywhere, so make your weekend extra sweet with these delicious summery treats.
How to Make Cider Cocktails. Beer cocktails and wine cocktails have become more commonplace on menus, but can cider get in on the action?
Get A Starbucks Pumpkin Spice Latte Early With This Password. Start PSL-ing immediately.
Obama Orders $18.25 In Cinnamon Rolls, Leaves $31 Tip, Drops Mic. THAT'S how you do breakfast.
Once You Grill Donuts, Your Mouth Will Go Nuts. Why donut we think of this earlier?
McDonald's Will Officially Kick Off All-Day Breakfast On October 6. McDonald's, you're the real MVP.
Melt-Resistant Ice Cream May Be Coming To A Cone Near You. We all scream.
You Might Be A Breakfastarian. Take This Quiz And Find Out.. It's time to know thyself.
The Simple Way To Make The Most Beautiful Pie Crust. It's way easier than it looks.
3 Roasted Cherry Cocktails To Keep Your Summer Spirits High. Nothing says your cocktails can't be a bowl of cherries, too.
8 Impossible-to-Resist Veggie Dishes. Every now and again, I come across a vegetable dish that makes me think I could be a very happy vegetarian. From a hearty summer white bean ragout to balsamic-glazed roasted beets, here are a few of my favorites.
Pairings from the 2015 Summer Fancy Food Show. Once again this summer, hundreds of vendors from around the world descended on New York City to introduce those from the food and beverage trade to their wares. This time, Argentine wines were missing in action. But once again, there were some delicious items for pairings.
Hold On To Summer's Heat With These Spicy, Chill Cocktails. A little spice can be refreshing.
Burger King's 'McWhopper' Dream Is Crushed, And It\u2019s ALL McDonald\u2019s Fault. They're not lovin' it.
These Hyperrealistic Cake Sculptures Are Almost Too Good To Eat. \I loved the idea that it would get torn apart and completely demolished.\
How To Turn Cocktail Emojis Into Real-Life Drinks. Finally, emojis that actually make you feel better.
There's A Beer Inspired By Pop-Tarts. We're Into It.. Beer
IHOP To Sell $1 Short Stacks On Tuesday To Help End Child Hunger. It's a good way to start your day.
7 Easy Back-to-School Breakfasts. We all want to start off on the right foot when starting a new school year. I know cereal and frozen waffles are often a necessity, but here are a few other easy options that will make parents and kids happy.
8 Frozen Cocktail Recipes Around the World, Because You've Had A Hot Day. Drink your way around the globe.
Title. We now support emojis in deks! \ud83d\ude00\ud83c\udf81\ud83d\udca5
Yogurt Has Been Around Forever, But Do We Really Know What It Is?. It all starts with fermentation.
Japan Has Invented Sushi Cupcakes, And Your Dreams Are Now Reality. We've died and gone to bite-size sushi heaven.
Starbucks' Pumpkin Spice Lattes Officially Return September 8 (UPDATED). PSA
Quiz. What's it going to be
There's A Boozy Starbucks In Brooklyn Serving Craft Beer Now, Because Of Course. Hipster heaven.
8 Tested and Perfected Summer Grilling Recipes. Summer grilling season is in full swing. Branch out from the usual hot dogs and burgers with these delicious and foolproof recipes.
Root Beer Float Ice Cream. This recipe makes a wonderful silky, smooth, creamy root beer float flavored ice cream without the use of artificial extracts. The aroma in your house from reducing your root beer will send you into orgasmic delight.
All The Ways To Use A Can Of Tuna, Beyond That Boring Sandwich. Canned or pouched\u00a0tuna is a pantry staple\u00a0for many reasons
This Wheaties Beer Is The Breakfast Of Champions We've Been Waiting For. Just don't pour it on your cereal.
Britain's Hottest Ever Chili Pepper Is Ready To Melt Your Face Off. Meet the Komodo Dragon.
KFC's New Pink Burger Buns Look Like Fluffy, Undercooked Meat. KFC China has unveiled its newest menu offerings, including two pretty bizarre-looking burgers. While a black bun burger
The Super Simple Trick To Making Home-Cooked Meals Delicious. It's all in the herbs.
Eat Hideously Ugly Produce If You Care About The Planet. \It's the low hanging fruit of sustainability,\ as Jordan Figueiredo, the co-chair of the Zero Food Waste Forum, punnily
Angry Orchard Issues Recall Due To Bursting Bottles. There's no buzzkill like a bursting bottle.
Restaurant Shuts Down iPhone Addicts In The Most Brilliant Way Possible. Chicken isn't the only thing that just got roasted.
Are Farmers Market Eggs Really Worth It, And Do They Taste Better?. \The more you can be truly outside and run around under the sun, the happier you are.\
8 Grab-and-Go Morning Treats. You've heard it a million times
'A Brief Visual History Of Booze' Goes Way Back Into Our Pickled Past. Is it happy hour yet?
'Imperial Spherificator' Turns Food Into Edible Pearls. Spherificate your hors d'oeuvres!
What It's Really Like To Be YouTube Star 'My Cupcake Addiction'. Is the life of a cupcake blogger as dreamy as it sounds?
Calling All Chocoholics. When you're craving chocolate, stale Halloween candy just won't cut it. These decadent recipes will satisfy even the most devout chocoholics.
This Dragon Is Carved Out Of A Watermelon, And It's INTENSE. Well, this certainly puts your vodka-soaked watermelon\u00a0trick to shame. Valeriano Fatica, whose Facebook bio\u00a0describes him
These Real-Life Wonkas Are Making Chocolate Beer A Reality. If there's one thing that's better than chocolate or beer, it's this
Government Says Food Companies Don't Have To Disclose GMOs. WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 Food companies would not have to disclose whether their products include genetically modified ingredients
This Adorable Hot Dog Fan Proves The 5-Second Rule Is Here To Stay. Oh, snap! A pint-sized baseball fan dropped his hot dog\u00a0at a recent game, when it slipped out of the bun and onto his chair
5 Delicious Slow-Cooker Dishes That Are Under 500 Calories. For all the convenience of slow-cooker meals, we often pay for them with fat and calories\u2014the recipes always seem to be loaded
The Unexpected Benefit Of Being An Adventurous Eater. Many people think a nutritious diet means restricting what you eat to a simple, boring menu. In fact, adventurous eaters
A Day In The Life Of Alan Benton, America's Unofficial King Of Bacon. When food is made with love, you can taste it. So it goes with Benton's Country Ham, a North Madisonville, Tennessee-based
You Should Never Eat Lunch At Your Desk, As This Sad Video Reminds Us. Eating lunch at your desk is not doing you any favors, health-related or\u00a0otherwise. The general experience\u00a0stinks,\ufeff\ufeff\ufeff\u00a0\ufeff\ufeff\ufeffboth
7 Fresh and Fruity Summer Sweets. When your sweet tooth strikes in the summertime, light and fresh is always the most satisfying.  These fruity treats will conquer your cravings -- almost guilt-free.
5 Make-Ahead Breakfast Casseroles You Need To Try This Weekend. Summer weekends are meant for sleeping in, leisurely brunches and lounging with the paper and a cup of coffee.
16 Unbelievable Things You Never Knew About Your Favorite Cheeses. If you love cheese -- like, really, really love cheese -- you need to know a little something about it. It's one thing to
What's Your Mac And Cheese Spirit Animal?. It's possible no one has ever told you this before, but the way you take your mac and cheese\u00a0says A LOT about the kind of
How Olive Oil Can Be The Secret To Perfect Homemade Hot Fudge. In order to make a great sundae,\u00a0hot fudge is a must. And not just any hot fudge, but rich, chocolatey, homemade hot fudge
Here's How You And A Friend Can Win Free Chipotle For A Year. Chipotle, purveyor of giant, delicious burritos, is having a great 2015. Not only has the chain solved its carnitas shortage
6 Brain-Freezing Ways To Ditch The Ice Cream Cone This Summer. Drink up the Vanilla Bean Root Beer Floats recipe at\u00a0Damn Delicious Pick up the Strawberry Cheesecake Popsicles recipe at
A Day In The Life Of The Most Important Food Truck In The Country. Criminal justice and maple syrup. These subjects aren't two that you'd ordinarily pair together, but the combination is exactly
5 Slow-Cooker Jam Recipes You Have To Try This Summer. Every year, it's hard not to get a little stressed out by the delicious fresh fruit that's suddenly everywhere
'The Simpsons' Duff Beer Will Soon Be A Reality. \The Simpsons\ studio 21st Century Fox is giving in to the will of the people, and the people want an ice-cold Duff Beer
7 Ways To Wait At A Restaurant, Instead Of Looking At Your Darn Phone. Smartphone dependency is real. And\u00a0in a restaurant, the typical scene is grim
How to Throw the Perfect Picnic. Picnics are a staple of summer -- they allow everyone to eat, drink and be merry all in the great outdoors. But taking your picnic from plain to perfection can require having the right equipment.
The Bizarre Origins Of Some Of Your Favorite Condiments. When was the last time you gave any thought to a condiment? How often do you look at a bottle of ketchup and wonder how it came to be so popular? Not very often, most likely, but the fact of the matter is that these sauces are eaten all over the world, and many of them have global influences.
7-Eleven Is Giving Away Free Slurpees For Its Birthday On Saturday. Listen up Slurpee fans -- you've got a birthday celebration to attend this weekend.\u00a0 On Saturday, July 11, 7-Eleven is giving
The Simple Chart That'll Turn Leftovers Into An Awesome New Meal. Leftovers are a great thing. They make for an easy lunch without any extra effort. But where leftovers become a drag is when
Diet Pepsi With Aspartame Isn't Going Away Completely. Aspartame lovers can stop hoarding Diet Pepsi now.\u00a0 In April, PepsiCo announced that it was removing aspartame from Diet
Whole Foods Sued For Misleading Sugar Claims. Whole Foods is in trouble again.\u00a0 The supermarket chain, still reeling from the revelation that it had systematically overcharged
This Is What A Prison Meal Actually Looks Like. Inmates at the Gordon County Jail in Calhoun, Ga. \u2014 according to a preliminary investigation by human rights attorneys last
The Simple Trick To Cutting An Avocado. No Mess, No Fuss.. Avocado is responsible for giving us guacamole, so obviously it's a popular commodity in the produce aisle. It's not unusual
5 Delicious Breakfast Hacks Americans Should Borrow From The British (And It Does Include Bacon!). 4. Add some kidney fat and pig's blood to your diet (yes, really!).\u00a0 \u00a0 5. Beans -- they ARE for breakfast!\u00a0 \u00a0 Typically mixed
Everything You Need To Know About The New Taco Bell Delivery Service. After teasing us\u00a0with talk in April, fast-food chain Taco Bell announced Wednesday that it has paired with DoorDash, a food
'Farmsteaders' Is A Beautiful, Sad Reminder Of The Struggles Of Our Family Farms. We here at HuffPost Lifestyle spend a lot of time talking about all things food. We walk our readers through how to grill
10 Ways Mason Jars Make Cookouts Better. Cookouts are great all on their own. They usually involve lots of grilled fare, lazy days and a group of people you enjoy
Science Explains Why Pepper Makes You Sneeze. Slicing onions make you cry and pepper makes you sneeze -- that's pretty much a given in the kitchen. While slicing onions
What Kombucha Really Is, For Those Of You Who Drink It But Don't Really Know. You might pick up a bottle when stopping in at Whole Foods, you might really love the slight effervescence and its sweet
Arby's Launches Support Line For Vegetarians Tempted By Its New Bacon. On June 28, Arby's restaurants across the country began selling three sandwiches\u00a0featuring bacon baked with brown sugar
Bacon French Toast Roll Ups Are A Gift From The Breakfast Gods. There really is no way out of having to get your day started in the morning. \u00a0It can be brutal, abrasive and yet it happens
Funfetti Sugar Cookie Bars Are Pure Happiness. Funfetti sugar cookie bars are one of those desserts that make their appearance over and over again in my kitchen. They will make you happy. SO happy. You know, because sprinkles!
5 Figure-Friendly Recipes Featuring Peppers. Whether you serve them raw or roasted, there are so many ways to enjoy vibrant and healthy bell peppers.
8 Simple Recipes for a Brilliant Backyard Bash. Why should you slave away in the kitchen while everyone else sips their cocktails?  This year, enjoy your party (and be the star of it) with these easy and delicious recipes.
Crock Pot Cheesy Potatoes are Total Carb Comfort. Crock pot cheesy potatoes. Where do I even begin? I swear these have a piece of my heart. You might think I'm exaggerating, but I'm not.
5 Quick Tips for Making Delicious Steakhouse Burgers at Home. You don't need to drop $15 to enjoy a delicious steakhouse-style burger. Make them in your own backyard with these 5 easy-to-follow tips.
A French Toast Bake for Breakfast Fireworks. Fresh fruit adds a pop of color and flavor to this cherry blueberry French toast bake. Make sure you buy a few extra boxes or bags of fruit the next time you go shopping, so you can try this fun new breakfast dish.
Summer Just Got Real With Pop Rock Popsicles. Summer is the perfect excuse to whip out many of our favorite things to eat and drink, like ice cream sandwiches,\u00a0fruity
The Mess-Free, Easy Way To Get Corn Off The Cob. Summer corn is so great. It's sweet, crunchy and never gets boring. But getting the corn off the cob is not so great. The
The Best Chocolate Chip Cookie Recipe Has Ice Cream IN It. There are many great chocolate chip cookies\u00a0in the world, it's hard to pick the best. We've searched high and lo on our
Chocolate Babka. Chocolate babka, a pop culture icon thanks to the \cinnamon vs chocolate babka\ Seinfeld episode, is a delicious sweet dough that can be enjoyed one chocolatey layer at a time.  Two varieties are popular in the United States.
Vegan 'Neatball' Sandwich. 
Fourth of July Ice-Cream Cake. It's hard to resist making a dessert with some patriotic flare for the Fourth of July. May we suggest this stunning red, white and blue ice cream cake? You basically just have to assemble the whole thing -- no complicated steps or baking required -- so you can prepare it in advance of your celebration. We recommend adding a few candles for an extra-festive touch.
The Fast Food Chains Americans Love And Hate The Most. 
Expert Craft Beer Pairings For Your Very Best 4th Of July. Of course Independence Day is our nation's celebration of freedom, but for a lot of Americans it is the freedom from our daily grind that we celebrate. It's one of those few holidays dictated by no real commitment other than the commitment to have fun.
Whole Foods Execs Admit To Overcharging Customers. 
9 Ways To Take A 4th of July Party To The Next Level. In my opinion there are three things that make for a good party
This Giant Oreo Cookie Cake Is About To Make Your Day. If you know the greatness that is Oreo, you know that getting your fill of the cream-stuffed chocolate sandwich cookie
Eating Well in Asheville. Asheville is a lovely town in North Carolina where hipsters meet farmers, artists meet artisans, street food meets street people, and where adventurous restaurants lure masses of hungry tourists.
Here's What Chicory Is, And Why It's In Your Coffee. If you've ever had the experience of drinking chicory coffee (and chances are, you were in New Orleans when you drank it), you might've had to wonder just exactly what chicory even is. For the record, chicory is this pretty flowering plant.
Getting Forked in San Gabriel. When I was first forked in a Chinese restaurant, it was almost midnight.
It's Summer. Make These Blueberry Pie Ice Cream Sandwiches.. 
How Many Calories Are In Your Ballpark Snacks. Nowadays, major and minor league baseball teams seem to be taking their munchies to new heights with highly caloric foods. Think
The Best Way To Cook Bacon. Period.. No, we're not trying to deprive you of one of life's greatest pleasures
12 Incredible All-American Recipes. Whether you're throwing a backyard bash or attending a patriotic potluck, these All-American recipes will take the cake.
What Does It Take to Be the World's Best Young Chef?. This weekend chefs from 20 countries gathered in Milan for the final S. Pellegrino Young Chef 2015 competition. And with an international panel of esteemed judges like Jordi Roca, Massimo Bottura, Gaston Acurio and Grant Achatz the desire to showcase talent was high.
This Peanut Butter Cup Trifle Is Ridic. Peanut butter cup trifle -- your new favorite dessert! It's so easy to make, and serves a really big crowd. Hooray for that.
6 Easy Weeknight Dinners the Whole Family Will Love. Is your dinner rotation getting a little too routine?  These easy weeknight meals will become fast family favorites.
These 3-Ingredient Pizza Rolls Destroy Hot Pockets. We all know that Hot Pockets were God's answer to the burning question, \How can I make my pizza more fun to eat?\ Unfortunately, the devil got a piece of the action as well. He never fails to scald the insides of our mouths as we take that first bite of lukewarm bread only to reach the fiery cheese and sauce within.
Ben & Jerry's Renames Ice Cream To Celebrate Marriage Equality. 
10 Recipes That Prove You Should Eat More Melted Cheese. Melted cheese is the sunniest part of any cheese plate, the best layer on a tray of nachos, a requisite on burgers. We don't think you should ever need an excuse to melt cheese -- but if you're looking for a sign...
Where To Find Your Favorite Foreign Cuisine In The States. Don't miss your chance to dine on delicacies you didn't even know you were craving.
Cooking Off the Cuff. A lovely dish
The Difference Between Champagne, Prosecco And Cava, Explained. 
The Bacon PB&J Sandwich You Must Eat Before You Die. Let's set the record straight
4 Margarita Cocktails That Are Perfect For Summer. I'm no stranger to a happy hour menu and my go-to drink is definitely a margarita!
How To Get Dinner On The Table In 30 Minutes Or Less. In the time it takes to watch a repeat of Friends, you can make an entire meal.
The 10 Best Bakeries In America. Don't hesitate to stop in, even if just to look at the beautiful displays and smell that most comforting scent of bread baking.
Here's How To Fry Guacamole. Guacamole has become an essential party appetizer but is there a way to make it even more appealing?
This Is How To Make A Giant Sour Gummy Worm. 
Classic Fridge Scenes From 26 Iconic Films. 
A Frequent Flighter's Tips for Drinking Wine Responsibly. During summertime many of you are icing down ros\u00e9 and fizz for picnics, al fresco dinners, barbecues and other summer soir\u00e9es. The heat and sun can take its toll if you slip up and sip too much. I'm sharing a few of my wine professional tips to make sure you stay focused and fabulous.
How to Get Meat Smart. Just in time for BBQ season, New Orleans food writer Colleen Rush and beloved Chicago pit master Gary Viviott have come out with the book Low & Slow 2
6 Delicious Desserts for Dad. This Father's Day, spoil dad with a homemade treat. These sweets are so easy to make, even the kids can get in on the action.
Healthy and Frosted (!) Paleo Carrot Cake Cookies. These paleo carrot cake cookies let you enjoy all the classic flavors of the cake minus the grains, dairy and sugar in one healthy bite! You even get that cream cheese frosting flavor too.
Norwegian Recipes. I love a cake where the actual cake tastes really good as well and not only serves as a vessel for the frosting.
A Day In The Life Of A Ben & Jerry's Flavor Guru. 
Cooking Off the Cuff. This was a very sunny dish, though I probably say that because for us it evoked Sicily.
Bite-Sized 'Spam Snacks' Are Here!. 
Your Summer Dessert Alert. Those lovely layers are impossible to resist.
Amy Schumer Leaves HUGE Tip For Waiter With 2 Jobs. 
Summer Breeze Sweet & Sour Cucumber Noodles. You can spice up the mixture by adding chopped dill or jalapeno peppers, or add a teaspoon of sriracha to the dressing.
Saltine Cracker Toffee to Make You Go Oooooh!. Saltine cracker toffee may sound crazy, but we swear it isn't. It's a quick and easy toffee treat made with Saltine crackers for a sweet and salty delight!
6 Berry Good Baked Goods. Strawberries, blueberries, raspberries, oh my! Bake up one of these sweet treats to make the most of seasonal berries.
How to Make a Cocktail While Flying. Everyone these days fancies themselves an expert at making cocktails, but are you expert enough to make a cocktail while flying up in the air?
5 Easy Fish Dishes Your Family Will Flip Over. Forget boring baked fish fillets with a squirt of lemon. From Tortilla Crusted Tilapia to Baja Fish Tacos, these easy and fun recipes will get your family excited about eating fish.
Chia Choc Chip Cookies That Will Change Your Life. 
How to Make Feijoada. Feijoada is a classic meat and bean dish with African origins and a Portuguese heritage. It is known for having enough flavor to knock your socks off.
Five Epic Toast Toppers. It's time to face the facts. Toast is trending.
Your Complete Guide to Drinking Ros\u00e9 Wine All Summer Long. Ros\u00e9 isn't just a beverage--it's lifestyle.
How To Make Chocolate Coconut Almond Bars. You may be familiar with a certain candy bar that gloriously combines coconut, almonds and chocolate.
Strawberry Salad Pita Pizza. Enjoy this guilt-free pita pizza recipe and feel energized and satisfied throughout your day.
Watch This Man Turn A Mango Into A Flower In A Minute. Magical.
All Those Confusing Egg Carton Labels, Explained In One Infographic. 
How to Stay Hydrated While Traveling. 
The A-Z Of Superfood Recipes. It's hard to dispute that they taste damn good with these 26 delicious recipes jam packed with them.
9 Classic Cookies. Look no further for the best cookie recipes. From chocolate chip to simple sugar, these classic cookies have all been tested, perfected and family-approved.
7 Greens That Won't Make Your Kids Groan. For many of us, getting our children to eat their veggies is no easy task.  Often, there's a collective groan as soon as they spy that something green on the table. But these delicious dishes may actually have your kids asking for seconds.
Start Your Day Chia Seed Smoothie Style. I always try to get creative with how I make them. You can put all kinds of things in smoothies. Flavored yogurt (frozen or regular!) ice cream, frozen coffee ice cubes, fruit, peanut butter, chocolate syrup, honey, juice and even oatmeal. Maybe not all of those things together, but you get the idea.
How To Drink At A Wedding. Fantastic. You have your drink. People are mingling. Have you tried the crab cakes with that aioli stuff?
6 Truly Impressive Tiki Drinks To Pour At Your Next Party. Upgrade your tiki game with these advanced Polynesian potions.
Apparently, Costco Sells More Organic Food Than Whole Foods. 
11 Of The Best Doughnut Recipes You've Ever Seen. 
Spilled Milk. It's true. Destiny fated me to be one of the lazy moms.  When I left home for college, I had no idea I'd never eat so well again. But it wasn't until I had mouths of my own to feed that I realized cooking isn't genetic.
Why Everyone Should Be Making Beer Floats This Summer. You'll want to approach pouring beer into a float with a bit of delicacy.
The Easiest Way to Tell When Your Steak Is Done. Your face is the only tool you need to tell if your steak is done.
From the Ivory Tower Kitchen. 
Watch Top Chef Michael Voltaggio Read One-Star Yelp Reviews. Chef Michael Voltaggio is known for a lot of things.
You're Drinking Beer Wrong. They're kind of the worst when it comes to beer. Here's why.
Here's What You Could Buy If You Quit Your Crazy Starbucks Habit. 
The Difference Between Baking Powder And Baking Soda, Explained Via Cookies. 
7 Healthy Weeknight Dinner Recipes. Boring food just isn't our thing.
How To Make Gooey Decadent Krispie Treat Fudge. This krispie treat fudge is for the krispie treat lover in your house.
Tiki Takeover. We've never met a Tiki cocktail we weren't willing to try.
5 Family-Friendly Dinners You Need To Try. Everyone in my family gave these recipes an enthusiastic thumbs-up.
The New Black-and-White Cookie. In our riff on the classic black-and-white cookie, we don't frost a cake-like base with the two flavors. Instead, we make each cookie from half vanilla dough with chocolate chips and half chocolate dough with vanilla chips.
4 Crazy-Good Kebab Recipes. Summer and skewers go hand-in-hand, so put one of these crowd-pleasing kebab recipes on your next party menu. Food is just more fun when it's served on a stick.
Why Ben & Jerry's Will Never Put Bacon In Its Ice Cream. 
How Deep-Frying Veggies Is 'Almost As Healthy' As Sauteeing. 
This Cupcake Food Porn Is All You'll Need Today. 
Best Burger Restaurants in America. There are few foods more all-American than the hamburger, which is why we consider it our civic duty to bring you the best examples of this national treasure from across the country.
The Hottest Mexican Restaurants Across The U.S.. The country's Mexican food scene is hotter than ever, with more and more real-deal taquerias.
WATCH. Did you know that 60% of all sandwiches consumed are hamburgers?
McDonald's Pins Its Turnaround Hopes On Toasted Buns. 
Something Old, Something New. Every person on the planet has a story, and I believe the same can be said for every small family business.
How To Make The Most Gorgeous Summer Dinner Ever. 
The Secret To Brightening Up Your Summer Recipes. 
Step Up Your Quesadilla Game With 8 New Recipes. 
McDonald's vs. Slow Food. McDonald's touting of the affordability of its offer resonates powerfully in Italy, where many are reeling under the hardships imposed by a long and apparently unbeatable economic crisis and may not be particularly amenable to reflecting on complex food system issues.
How to Make Chicken-Fried Steak (VIDEO). Kent Rollins, famous for his chicken-fried steak and out with a new book called A Taste of Cowboy, kindly showed us his foolproof recipe. It is as simple as it is delicious, and with all Kent's tips, you can't go wrong.
9 Things You're Doing Wrong With Chopsticks. Use them incorrectly and you've performed the Eastern equivalent of putting your elbows on the table and chewing with your mouth open. To help avoid those faux pas, we consulted a group of experts and asked them to share a few basic protocols.
Pizza-Dough Cinnamon Rolls. Imagine this
5 Decadent Desserts You Can Hold in Your Hand. Spiked with Baileys Irish Cream, these chocolate brownies with a swirl of tangy cheesecake are cakey on the bottom, alternately fudgy and creamy in the center and crisp on top. Be sure to cut them small -- they are rich as sin!
Sparkling Mango Lemonade All Summer Long. Sparkling mango lemonade is a fun, fizzy beverage you'll want to drink all summer long. It's completely customizable to your own tastes -- make it sweeter or more tart, or spike it with a splash of vodka!
8 Slimming Soups for Swimsuit Season. Juicing is out. Souping is in. But food trends aside, these soups are so delicious and satisfying that you won't even realize how healthy you're eating.
U.S. Suffers Egg Shortage In Wake Of Avian Flu Outbreak. 
10 Mouth-Watering Recipes to Kick Off Grilling Season. Fire up the grill this weekend and impress your friends with these crowd-pleasing, easy recipes.  They're sure to become your go-to favorites of the summer!
How To Make Juicy Sangria. Traditional sangria made with fresh fruit juice becomes something altogether marvelous.
Weed Coffee Cups Are Now A Thing. 
The Ultimate Summer Cocktail Guide. Hot days call for cold cocktails (natch).
Drink Me Now. This earthy-colored nut isn't just a nutritious and delicious bar snack.
The Best BBQ Restaurants In America. 
9 Secret Frappuccinos You Won't Find On Any Starbucks Menu. Spoiler
13 GIFs That Prove Sandwiches Are Truly Beautiful. 
The Act of Sous-Viding Is a Poetic Affair. 
Memorial Day Mango Recipes & Tips. I don't know about you but I'm already craving fresh fruits and veggies, salads and chilled smoothies.
Why This Legendary Food Critic Hasn't Been Hungry In 60 Years. Mimi is really one of us -- a dedicated eater in search of her next delicious meal.
The Hottest New Restaurants in Orlando. Sunny Corda's second area restaurant brings a more sophisticated, high-end vibe to the local Indian food dining scene. Plate presentation is taken seriously here, and the meats are fresh and antibiotic-free.
The Secret To The Best Ever French Onion Dip. The resulting dip tastes nothing like the stuff you had growing up as a kid.
Bacon And Popcorn Belong Together. 
The Newest Oreo Flavor Is The One We've All Been Waiting For. 
Put Some Zing in Your Spring. Whether your spice of choice is cayenne, jalape\u00f1o or a squirt of Sriracha, these chicken dinners will bring the heat. You can easily adjust the heat to get the kick that you crave.
The Secret Trick To Making The Puffiest Pancakes. Pancakes are not cakes. But wouldn't they be better if they were?
True Confessions Of A Ballpark Food Vendor. I like to eat the whole peanut, shells and all.
10 Things You Didn't Know About Cinnabon. No trip to the mall is complete without a visit to that shrine to the noble cinnamon bun
It's Time To Indulge In Some Friday Food Porn. 
9 Fun And Delicious Recipes Kids Will Love. These are easy and fun recipes kids (and adults) will love.
The Best Brunches In 14 Cities Across The U.S.. Already wondering where to brunch this weekend?
The Buttermilk Biscuit Recipes You Want And Need. 
Attention Carnivores. 
There Are 1,000 Percent More Avocados Available In The U.S. Than 40 Years Ago. 
16 Dinnertime Struggles All Parents Have With Their Kids. 
[Not] Cooking Off The Cuff. I'll pick just a few that will be joining -- or at least influencing -- the home cooking repertoire back in New York.
The 10 Most Tremendous Barbecue Recipes of Cyberspace. The majesty of smoked meat has reduced many grizzled grillhands before you to tears.
Chicken Wings, You're Doing It Wrong. First you need to have the passion to find the best wings on the planet. Next you have to realize this is not a solo journey.
New Chef A Voce Brings Refinement to Italian Food in NYC. The Rockwell Group has made the space both sexy and romantic enough for those in thrall to the city's lights.
Make Dinner Easy With Chili Marmalade Chicken. A touch of ginger, salt, and pepper and we were good to go.
Dinner For Mom. Let mom kick back while you make an amazing meal tonight. These recipes are so easy, even the kids can make them (with a little help from dad).
From General to Junzi. It's become far too easy to dismiss American-Chinese cuisine as truly inauthentic. And that continues to drive the industry on. The answer to this demand thus far is an influx of Chinese restaurateurs with greater regional specificity.
Breakfast in Bed. Moms deserve to be spoiled on their special day, so ditch the burnt toast and soggy cereal this year and whip up one of these yummy recipes. They're so easy, kids can help dad make the morning meal. (And don't forget to clean the kitchen for mom when you're done!)
Doughnut Chips. Chips are great, be they of the potato, bagel or pretzel variety. (We'll even snack on the kale kind when feeling virtuous.) So why do sweets get left out of the equation?
Mother's Day Brunch -- on the Grill. 
It Is NOT All Farm to Table. Chef advocates of farm to table cuisine should be continually making the point that their version of sourcing (local, sustainable, organic etc.) makes the food taste better.
Pop-Tarts Are The Next Big Thing. Forget store-bought varieties -- new foodie Pop-Tarts taste nothing like what you'd find in the cereal aisle.
Cooking Off The Cuff. Do not fail to cook down a basket of mushrooms into a paste and add them to your next meatloaf.
This Chinese Burger Chain Is Ready To Take On The U.S.. His menu shows a mix of Asian and American influences.
Wendy's Experiments With Veggie Burgers. 
World's Most Patient Dog Poses With Food, Looks Positively Adorable. 
Make Your Own Damn Nutella. 
5 Favorite Cinco de Mayo Cocktail Recipes. There are plenty of other tequila and mezcal cocktails that highlight Mexico's beloved agave spirits.
Chef Sang Yoon's Hong Kong Dim Sum Picks (VIDEO). 
The 14 Hottest New Sandwiches Around The U.S.. Just like everything else, sandwiches also get a makeover come spring.
Can Churros Be Savory? We Make a Shrimp Churros Recipe. Churros are a classic dessert item. Yet, the doughy fried concoctions are equally as good in savory form -- with a little bit less of the sugar and more of the intricate spices, churros can transform into an appetizer that no one can put down.
7 Sweet Treats for Mother's Day. Mother's Day is approaching fast, and what mom doesn't deserve a delicious treat? These gorgeous sweets will show the special moms in your life just how much you appreciate them.
Celebrate Cinco de Mayo. Cinco de Mayo -- the perfect excuse to feast on all your favorite Mexican foods. These delicious dishes are some of my most requested  Ole!
The Ordinary Man's Restaurant Review Series. 
Skinny, Dreamy, Apricot Chicken. Made in a jiffy, this lovely chicken dish comes out very moist and delicious.
Pennsylvania McDonald's Bans Unaccompanied Minors. 
This Epic Peanut Butter Ball Has Been Missing From Your Life. 
What Wine Pairs Best With a Big Mac?. Two all-beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles, onions -- all on a sesame seed bun -- create some challenges, due to the vinegar in the pickle and sauce, the fats in the patties and cheese and the high sodium content.
The Secret to Perfect Biscuits. It's hard not to love a flaky, moist biscuit. But sometimes that biscuit you crave turns out to be a rock hard and flat disappointment. So what is the secret to making your biscuits rise to perfection?
Scientists Finally Figure Out Why Lobsters Turn Red When Cooked. 
Cooking Off The Cuff. Parmesan chunks used in this way have a lot of potential.
The 'Most Expensive Ice Cream In The World' Costs $817 A Scoop. 
This Paleo Food Truck Parks Outside Of CrossFit Gyms. Smart.. Primal biscuits and gravy, anyone?
10 Tested and Perfected Classic Southern Recipes. There's something deeply satisfying about Southern cooking. From red velvet cupcakes to buttermilk biscuits, these classic recipes won't disappoint!
How To Use Every Part Of Your Vegetables. With most vegetables there is always a part we throw away -- from the tops of fennel to the stems of beets. And while sometimes we make use of them in stock, chef Steven Satterfield of Atlanta's Miller Union believes there's more to these throwaways than meets the eye.
Guilt-Free Spring Macaroons. With the strawberry sauce, they simply spring to life in color, taste and everything!
The United Church Of Bacon Accuses Wells Fargo Of Religious Discrimination. 
The 8 Best Doughnuts In LA. Doughnuts. Do we really need to say anything else? Here are the best of the best, all around town.
Taco Bell Returns To Japan After Decades-Long Absence. 
How To Reduce Your Trash In Half. 
Want A Veggie Spiralizer? Here's A Deal On The Best One.. 
Bodega Eggs. There is no way to eat eggs this good, this quickly, and with this few ingredients.
Apparently There's A 'Right Way' To Sauce Your Pasta. 
How To Make Booze-Infused Pop Tarts For Breakfast. 
Grant Achatz. Chef Grant Achatz continually draws international attention to the Chicago culinary scene.
How To Start A Garden, No Matter How Little Space You Have. 
Whole Foods Faces Criminal Charges For Opening On Good Friday. 
This Is What It Feels Like in a Real Taco Shop [WATCH]. Step out of your comfort zone and look for these signs.
Meat as a Seasoning. 
Mega Monster Cookie Bars You'll Want to Stuff in Yo' Face. This sweet treat bakes up in no time, to make your littlest monsters happy!
The 16 Best Street-Food Cities In The World, Ranked. Read on to find out whether the city that serves tacos, dumplings, or grilled cow udders is the king of the street-food world.
What Does Fifty-Year-Old Wine and Beyond Taste Like?. I have only had a few bottles of wine over 50 years old but it is always [memorable] because the sensual experience is enhanced by the ruminations on what was happening when the wine was made. From a tasting perspective, I have had a bunch of wines from the 60s and I think that experience is similar.
The 33 Best Donut Shops In America. Artisanal donut shops have risen up like those magical yeasty treats all across America.
9 Picnic-Perfect Recipes. What better way to celebrate spring than with an outdoor feast?  Think outside the lunchbox and try one of these delicious, easy-to-transport dishes for your next picnic.
A Rockin' Toast to Saturday's Rock & Roll Hall of Fame Inductees. 
The Best Low-Calorie Mixers to Use Now. Drinking healthy to most people means vodka sodas, the occasional glass of wine and no beer. B-O-R-I-N-G.
Two Chefs Want To Revolutionize Fast Food -- By Making It Healthy. 
Which Reese's Product Has The Most Peanut Butter?. Mo' peanut butter, mo' better.
Paula Deen's New Restaurant Is Opening This Month. Exciting news for butter enthusiasts.
9 Tax Day Food Freebies And Steals. Time to head to McDonald's, stat!
You Can Score Free McDonald's When You Buy A Taco Bell Breakfast. Turn in your Taco Bell receipt.
Andrew Zimmern and IBM Want to Put Meat in Your Cocktail. Watson is turning its attention to food, using its powers to identify surprising new flavors and foods.
Restaurant Marc Forgione. 
Wine and Dessert. Desserts at the end of the meal are typically paired with a sweet dessert wine or a liquor of some kind. But what if you want to keep drinking wine? What pairs perfectly with your desserts?
Mile High Cream Puff Cake. What I'm saying is, if you can make homemade gravy, you can make cream puff dough. And any southern girl worth her salt can BS her way to an amazing cream gravy. It's just a gift we have.
9 Delicious Dressings That Make Anything Taste Awesome. It's all about the dressing. These homemade salad dressings are so delicious, you'll want to eat them with a spoon.
7 Delectable Desserts That Inspire 'Oohs' and 'Aahs'. We eat first with our eyes, so these impressive-looking desserts will get people talking.
Food for Thought. 
Hummus Recall Bumming You Out? Then Make Your Own!. 
Scientists Have Figured Out How to Significantly Reduce the Calories in Rice. Scientists have figured out a way for you to eat white rice without the guilt.
Missing Cheese? How To Go Dairy-Free Without Going Flavor-Free. We thought we would put together some of our favorite foods that deliver a similar taste/texture to cheese and other dairy.
9 Great Moments In Beer Drinking. 
How To Make Greek Easter Sweet Bread \Tsoureki\. If you haven't tried tsoureki before, then you are certainly missing out!
Why One Man Has Devoted His Life To Harvesting Rainbow-Colored Vegetables. Rainbow Swiss chard, lollipop kale and so much more.
Talking Gender in the Kitchen. There has been a flurry of debate in recent years over the attention given to women chefs and restaurateurs -- from Food & Wine's women issue to Time's noticeably non-female \Gods of Food\ article to the empowering Cherry Bombe -- but there is no monolith of opinions on the topic.
Eight Delicious Ways and Days With Matzah. There are as many recipes for this dish as there are those who claim theirs is the only legitimate way of making it. From Tunisia to Turkey, everybody says they and they alone invented it. And no wonder
Crock Pot Ham for the Easiest Easter Ever!. It's time that we get real about holiday entertaining. I've been making a ham in the slow cooker for the past few years now, and let me just tell you that it's life changing.
See Who's in the Championship Game for Historic Bars. 
5 Best Sports Bars to Watch the NCAA Tournament. Of course, a pitcher of beer and a basket of wings can only add to the excitement.
Try Smoked Or Grilled Eggs This Easter Or Passover. We are reminded that eggs possess religious symbolism and significance. They're also spectacular grilled or smoked.
Black And White Cookie Donuts Prove That It's A Wonderful World. Louis Armstrong was right.
10 Things I Wish Restaurants Understood About Gluten Intolerance. If you have a GF menu, you're 90% of the way to me booking a table.
How To Make Norwegian Skillingsbolle (Cinnamon Buns). I was rewarded with one simple pleasure
America's 50 Most Powerful People in Food for 2015. For the fifth year in a row, we set out to identify the most powerful people in the world of food.
Cooking off the Cuff. Remember quiche? Sure, you remember the long-ago craze, the mockery, even the New Yorker cartoons. But do you remember the thing itself? Although it's still served in plenty of restaurants, it doesn't figure on my gastro-map as prominently as it used to.
One-Pot Paleo Recipes That Are Equal Parts Simple And Delicious. Cooking Paleo? It doesn't have to be so tough!
Balancing An Allergen-Free Diet With An Office Job. Whether you are dairy-free, nut-free, gluten-free, or have any other type of dietary restriction, managing your diet in an office environment can be challenging.
Starbucks To Release Veggie Smoothies. Ready for more chicken and kale from... Starbucks?!
Norwegian Recipes. We used to make it for lunch on Saturdays as a special treat, both at home and at my grandma's house. Sometimes she would lure in a pealed almond and the person that found the almond while eating the porridge, would win a special treat!
Honey-Glazed Grilled Beef Recipe. Even though spring has just started, it is never too soon to pull out the grill. And what better recipe than something simple and crowd-pleasing?
10 Easter Brunch Recipes That Will Become Family Favorites. Whether you are looking for something sweet, savory, healthy or indulgent this Easter, I've got you covered. And the best part -- all of these Easter recipes are incredibly easy.
4 Tasty Breakfast Trends You Need to Know Now. Eight innkeepers and cookbook authors from across the country who (between them) have served over 184,200 breakfasts in their combined 150 years, shared some of the secrets to their success by revealing four breakfast trends every foodie will want to take note of.
Easy Breakfast Pizza to Kick Off the Weekend. Having an aversion to cold pizza though DOES NOT count out pizza in the morning. Because Baked Egg Breakfast Pizza is here to save the day.
M&M Brownies Every Bunny Will Love!. Get creative and have a blast with these. Pile a million M&M's on top or make fancy patterns. Whatever puts a smile on your face. It's impossible to be in a bad mood while eating M&M Brownies!
8 Passover Desserts for a Sweet Seder. All of these desserts are perfect for Passover and most of them are gluten-free. But you don't need a holiday to enjoy these sweet treats
My Gluten-Centric Take on Surviving Passover. I don't guarantee that these tips will save you from dreaming about corned beef on rye bread, hopefully they'll help keep you (and me too) from diving into hidden stashes of cookies during Passover week.
Quinoa Detox Salad With Hemp Hearts. This potato quinoa salad is a great way to detox your body without feeling deprived.
The Easiest Way To Roast A Chicken -- On The Grill. Here comes the secret my French chef mentors would never have dreamt of.
Butt-Shaped Dessert Twerks When You Jiggle It. Bubble butt, bubble, bubble, bubble butt.
Surprising New Food Trend. When we noticed a bunch of gourmet products popping up with the legume-meets-cocoa flavor combo, we were wary... but thankfully wrong about those hesitations
How to Make Peruvian Ceviche. Ceviche has now become a staple item on restaurant menus, but the typical preparation is often all about simplicity. In Peru ceviche is also everywhere, but the distinct flavors make it its own dish entirely.
Dinner Recipe Ideas To Cook With Your Roommate. Sometimes the energy to muster up creative cooking can fall by the wayside.
Charleston Celebrates Its Culinary Clout. Add to all this the beauty of Charleston itself, and three days go by very fast and beg for you to return.
America's Best Hangover Dishes. The online, ahem, \literature\ about what constitutes the best hangover cures consists of all kinds of baloney.
The Roast Chicken Recipes You Want And Need. It's just so easy.
Beautiful Boozy Cadbury Creme Egg Milkshakes!. Hello, there is a giant basket full of your most favorite candy sitting in your house. How can you not abandon any sense of having a nutritional lunch where there is candy in the house? It gets even worse when there is candy, booze and ice cream in the house -- hence this recipe.
5 Fresh Vegetable Dishes That Put Spring in Your Step. Spring has officially sprung.  Eating a little lighter just feels good.  These fresh vegetable dishes will help you get into the spring spirit (and perhaps your summer swimsuit).
Veggie Side Acts That Just Might Steal Your Dinner Show. These are 11 of the best veggie recipes that even non-vegetarians will love.
The Most Mesmerizing Pasta Video Of All Time. This will make you feel all the feelings.
Watch This Chocolate Flower Bloom Right Before Your Eyes. We've heard of Bloomin' Onions, but not this.
9 Childhood Grocery Shopping Memories That'll Bring You Back. Where's my cookie??
The Killer Cookie-Selling Tactics Of History's Most Brilliant Girl Scouts. Girl Scouts do the darndest things.
Here's What Comfort Food Looks Like Around The World. Let's take a little culinary journey, shall we?
Popeyes' New Ad Campaign Is A PETA Protest Waiting To Happen. A vegetarian's worst nightmare.
It's Never Been Easier, Or Cuter, To Make Your Own Ice Spheres. We never thought frozen peas could be this cool.
This Might Be The Craziest Food Truck Yet. It serves pigeon. And parakeet.
31 People You See At Every Bar On St. Patrick's Day. Chances are that even if you loathe it, you're going out for St. Patrick's Day.
Lucky Kiwi and Coconut Cupcakes. Since cabbage and pregnancy are most likely an unpleasant combination for both myself and my husband, I decided to make cupcakes instead. Kiwi and coconut are quite complementary flavors, and I assure you, your friends, families and co-workers will be absolutely delighted by these cupcakes.
7 Irish Recipes to Celebrate St. Patrick's Day. You don't have to be Irish to celebrate this delicious day. Try one (or all) of these traditional Irish dishes to make your Tuesday extra tasty.
Sweet Green Pistachio Cupcakes. When I discovered how simple it was to make instant pudding myself, it was all over. Whisk in some milk, cover the bowl with foil and hide in the fridge behind a head of lettuce. Breakfast for a week!
6 Things Every Beginner Should Know About Food-And-Wine Pairings. As explained by the experts.
McDonald's $10 Chef-Created Swiss Burger. McDonald's Corp. said its near-term goal is to \reassert McDonald's as a modern, progressive burger company.\
Paula Deen Now Has Her Own Video Game App, Because Of Course. She's baaaaaaack!
Drunken Irish Coffee Macarons Are All The St. Patrick's Day You Need. We seem to be semi-obsessed with alcoholic sweet treats, but can you really blame us?
Nine Places To Eat Delicious Pie On Pi Day, Or Any Day. In the gorgeously gluttonous spirit of Pi Day, here are nine places that Gogobotters love to go to eat pie.
Can You Really Be Hangry? A Doctor Told Us the Truth. Is hanger something Snickers just made up for their weird ad campaign where Johnny Manziel teaches Zumba?
Cooking Off the Cuff. When I eat a good baba au rhum (or au some other booze), I'm convinced that it's the best dessert ever.
All of Your Burning Questions About Dairy, Answered. 
How To Cook With Frozen Vegetables. Here's how to get the most out of the frozen vegetable aisle.
4 Salads That Will Make You Crave Kale. Be prepared to fall in love with these salads, even if you're not a kale person.
9 Sensational Sides That Will Dress Up Any Dish. Side dishes are often an afterthought, but they can be just as memorable as the main course. These sensational sides will have people scrambling for seconds.
Decoding The Secret Language Of Egg Cartons. Shopping for eggs? Better bring a glossary.
Be Still Our Hearts. This is everything.
\Only the Best of Hemp\ for Your...Gelato?. 
This Cinnamon Toast Crunch Milkshake Is The Breakfast Of Childhood Dreams. Dreams really do come true
Turmeric Lime Toasted Pepitas. We dare you not to roast your next batch by the second day.
14 Things 'Parks & Recreation' Taught Us About Food. We are indebted to Parks and Rec for some valuable food lessons that only its quirky, food-loving crew of characters could've taught us.
5 Of The Most Complicated Cocktails On The Internet. We're talking dozens of ingredients, complicated home-made tinctures and infusions and fire.
Pizza, Pizza. I have attempted many pizza dough recipes over the years and quite honestly, I haven't produced a dough I didn't like.
Oatmeal Breakfast Bars Packed With Protein. Oatmeal breakfast bars packed with protein, peanut butter and chocolate. What more could you want in breakfast, really?
The Trattorias of Milan. Tomatoes are less important than in the south of Italy, and risotto is proudly preferred over pasta.
Cosme. 
6 Homemade Takeout Dishes Your Family Will Love. Why spend money on take-out when you can make the same dishes even better at home?  These flavorful and family-friendly recipes will one-up your favorite restaurant meals.
Norwegian Recipes. I have never met anyone who didn't like sweet buns. You won't get nauseous like you might be after that fourth piece of chocolate cake. Yes, we've all been there! The perfect thing about sweet buns, is that you can make a bunch and just freeze what you don't use.
21 of the Best Peanut Butter Recipes Ever. On sandwiches. In smoothies. Out of the jar. We eat peanut butter on the reg. But the one thing we need more of in our lives? Peanut-butter. Here are 21 of the best peanut butter recipes ever.
Chocolate Crepes to End All Crepes. Call me crazy, but if you like something, and I like something, I'm going to keep making them. Ask, and you shall receive. Well, you didn't ask in so many words, but I still got the message that crepes are a winner.
8 Soul-Satisfying Comfort Foods to Chase Away the Chill. Lift your family's spirit on a cold winter day with one of these delicious and satisfying comfort foods.
The Worst Yelp Reviews of the Best Restaurants in America. If 100 people had issues with the service, you can probably expect to have issues with the service, too.
9 Delicious Ways to Use This Winter Superfood. I love baking a big batch at the start of the week and using them for different dishes every day.
Cooking Off The Cuff. This gingery dish, with its sweet, star-anise-scented, chewy carrots and comforting eggs, has a way of making us happy.
Is Putting A Plastic Container In the Microwave Really That Bad?. It's a question we ask ourselves every day at lunchtime.
How to Make Oysters Rockefeller Without A Recipe. Here's how you can add your own interpretation of this elusive dish to the mix.
12 Quick Ways To Sneak Whole Grains Into Your Baking. They're delicious too!
Starbucks Launches New Double-Smoked Bacon, Cheddar, And Egg Sandwich. The coffee-centric company is looking to diversify its menu and double food sales within the next five years.
7 Vegetarian Dinners Even Carnivores Will Devour. A quick ragout of white beans, sweet cherry tomatoes and fresh herbs in a robustly flavored broth makes a satisfying vegetarian main course. Serve it with a green salad and garlic bread for sopping up the broth, and dinner is done!
Perfect Burger Secrets. There are few recipes where people have more opinions than burgers. But there is always a way to improve so we turned to chefs to give us their perspective on perfecting the classic.
4 Cocktails to Get Your Oscars on With. The Academy Awards honor the pinnacle of filmmaking, and while the nominees may suffer jitters walking and talking on the red carpet, you can celebrate the glitz and glam by getting together with your friends and raising a glass at home. Here are a few fun and festive Oscar Worthy Cocktails.
11 Unexpected Ways To Use Grapefruit. How can you use them for everyday eats outside of cutting them in half?
This Ingredient Takes Sweet Potato Fries to the Next Level. Add a little Greek yogurt dipping sauce, and you have a recipe that's perfect as a side item or as a party platter.
The Five Mother Sauces Every Cook Should Know. Once you get the feel for these sauces, you'll be able to whisk them up whenever you want to get fancy.
Here's What To Cook This Weekend. It's all about endurance this weekend.
Grilled Cheese Crust Pizza Exists. Prepare Yourselves.. WHOA.
6 Tricks To Give Stale Tortilla Chips New Life. Tortilla chips go stale fast. Don't throw them out
The 15-Second Dinner Party Dessert Plate. It's sophisticated. It's indulgent. And it really only takes a bar of chocolate (or two).
How to Make an Aussie Meat Pie From Scratch, Part II. 
Jos\u00e9 Andr\u00e9s Talks The Future Of Tapas, New Restaurants And Running For Office. We tackled everything from what he is opening next to what he thinks the future of tapas is in the U.S.
Making Homemade Vanilla Extract Is Easier Than You Think. Just do it.
A Better, Truer, More Southern Way To Make Grits. You're doing grits wrong. Here's how to do them right.
Cheers to an Afternoon of Drinking, Dining, and Dancing at the NYC Winter Wine Festival. Blindfold me and serve both white and red wines at room temperature, and I probably won't be able to tell one from the other.
Hot Toddies = The Only Good Thing About Winter. In addition to being hot, of course, toddies often have the addition of baking spices that fit the season.
A Visit to the Old World. Bordeaux is truly a land of the old and new coming together in a vast array of expression with the common thread being the high quality of wines produced.
Healthier Jambalaya For Fat Tuesday. Especially during the cold months, I love cooking jambalaya, a classic Louisiana Creole dish.
5 Warm and Cozy Breakfasts for Chilly Winter Days. It's cold outside
8 Romantic Date Night Dinners. Pull out the candles, pick out a Netflix movie, and send the kids to Grandma's house. It's the biggest date night of the year! Avoid the crowds and over-priced restaurant menus and whip up one of these easy and delicious dinners instead.
Heated Debate. HuffPost editors debate over sushi and even bread bowls.
This Charming Poet-Chef Will Cook The Hell Out Of Your Bacon. 
We Found The Most Beautiful Valentine's Day Cake. All other cakes need not apply.
How To Throw A Vegan Dinner Party. Maybe vegans aren't as simple as they appear.
WATCH. Like most bad/great ideas, the ramen pot pie came into fruition at a drive-thru.
This Is How Geniuses Make Toast For Sandwiches. So simple. Yet so brilliant.
How To Make Hummus Without A Recipe. You'll still have room for that slice of pie afterwards -- just don't eat it on the same plate.
[Not] Cooking Off the Cuff. Our travels yielded some good ideas that I'll surely incorporate into the repertory.
Happy Lunar New Year! Here Are 7 Dishes You Need To Try Right Now. 
Rotisserie Chicken Round-Up. When you need a quick family-pleasing dinner, the rotisserie chicken is an obvious choice.  But can you really \wow\ your crew with this easy ingredient?  Yes! Try these four fast chicken fixer-uppers.
Inspired Vegetarian Swap-Outs. Becoming  a vegetarian can often mean giving up beloved items. But Karen Page, the author of The Vegetarian Flavor Bible, thinks that the trade-offs don't have to be so extreme. She believes that for almost all flavors there can be substitutes that are often indistinguishable from the originals.
The Worldwide Market for Wine and Spirits Looks... Tentative. These are neither the best of times nor worst of times for the global wine and spirits markets.
The Irresistible Potato. Call it the latest outbreak of a smoke fever sweeping a nation hungry for barbecue that goes beyond meat.
Go-To Seed Bars. 
Can We Eat Mashed Potato Butter Aioli With A Spoon?. It's the comfort food to end all comfort foods.
The 3-Ingredient Answers To All Your Dinner Problems. Arm yourself with these food combinations and life will never be the same.
Rapper Lil B Launches Vegan Emoji App, Because That Egg In A Skillet Isn't For Everyone. Vegan emojis
Chef Teaches Inmates At Cook County Jail How To Cook, How To Live. 
Why Pho Only Scratches The Surface Of Vietnamese Street Food. You can't take the street out of the street food.
Healthier Takes on Cold-Weather Classics. We definitely can't survive on green juice alone, so we put lighter spins on comforting favorites.
3 Ways to Make the Perfect Guacamole. Guacamole is a staple that everyone loves -- but is there a way to make it even better than you thought? Empellon's Alex Stupak believes there is more than one way to make delicious guacamole, so he shows us three ways to tackle the classic recipe.
6 Insanely Good Sweets for Your Super Bowl Party. Part cookie, part brownie -- who doesn't love blondies? The best part is that they're almost ridiculously easy to make
10 Winning Recipes for the Big Game. Classic Buffalo wings are fried but I love the flavor and ease of cooking them on the grill -- they are truly no fuss, no muss and finger lickin' good! The seasoned Buffalo sauce takes them over the top; it's made with garlic and spices, which makes it more flavorful than your typical hot sauce.
Gluten-Free and Sugar-Free Super Bowl Snack. 
This Homemade Ranch Mix Lets You Make EVERYTHING Ranch. This is a game changer.
Crack Dip. I mean really, a dip that's simply called \crack dip\ must be good.
Bone Broth. At first glance, this is a trend easy to mock.
10 Last-Minute Super Bowl Party Foods. Here are some fresh takes on game-day foods that your guests are sure to devour.
5 Sexy Steak Wines. Few things are more romantic than a candlelit steak dinner with a bottle of decadent red wine.
How To Make Drunken OREOs. A drunken cookie? You had me at drunk.
This Handy Little Tool Will Be Your Best Friend For Shotgunning Beers. Ready to drink?
Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Pizza May Be The Best Thing You'll Ever Eat. You best believe it's going to be a life-changing religious experience.
Grocery Store Tips To Stay Healthy. A trip to the supermarket can often mean starting out with good intentions and ending with bags of chips and Oreos.
Quinoa Black Bean Burger. The added seasonings create layers of flavor that will wow your taste buds.
The Jerusalem Artichoke (Or Sunchoke) Is The Fugly Vegetable You Should Be Eating. Don't judge a veggie by its cover.
Cook This For Your Vegan On Valentine's Day. A couple of thawed veggie burgers won't induce any swoons. Instead, whip up this recipe.
A Grapefruit Smoothie for Morning Greatness. One of my favorite winter foods that never fails to put a smile on my face is citrus. The mountains of bright colored citrus that fills the grocery stores this time of year brings me utter joy -- limes, lemons, oranges, clementines and grapefruit as far as the eye can see.
8 Chicken Dinners That Are Anything But Boring. Never eat a boring chicken dinner again.
Wendy's Bacon And Blue Burger Is Back. Five years ago Wendy's was the first national chain to add a blue-cheese-topped burger when it introduced the Bacon and Blue. Now it updates the idea with the Bacon and Blue on Brioche burger, which joins its menu this week.
The Recipes You Need To Cook This Weekend. You've earned it.
A Private Chef Spills The Secret Eating Habits Of The Rich And Famous. Apparently it's the clients who aren't as rich who act like jerks.
WATCH. There's nothing more impressive than serving friends a brunch featuring runny-yolked, perfectly poached eggs.
The Top 25 Vegetarian Restaurants In The World. Vegetarian restaurants are on the rise, and they are becoming more creative and playful by the day.
10 Ways To Cook Chicken Thighs. Chicken thighs were made for low-stress weeknight meals.
NYC's Landmark '21' Club Attracting A New Generation of Loyalists. I have been going, off and on, to '21' since the 1970s and have seen it dip and bounce back, now flourishing grandly.
Your Ultimate Guide To No-Bake Energy Bites & Bars. Make a batch on the weekend and stash them in the fridge for convenient, energizing, ready-to-go treats all week long.
Spicy Whole Roasted Cauliflower. Roasted cauliflower? Been there, done that. But roasting a whole head of cauliflower? Now we've got your attention
5 Madly Delicious Ways to Make Meatballs. Throw away those old kitschy cocktail meatball recipes that call for grape jelly and frozen meatballs -- these are easy-to-make and so much better. You'll love that the meatballs are baked, not fried, and the sweet and tangy sauce is ready in under 15 minutes.
4 Wholesome and Hearty Bean Soups to Get You Through Winter. If you're in need of a little winter pick-me-up, this vegetarian soup is just the ticket. You can make it with ingredients you likely have on hand, it's ready in 30 minutes yet tastes like you spent all day in the kitchen making it, and it's hearty enough to be a complete meal.
Creative, Delicious Recipes That Use Mochi In Surprising Ways. Simple in its deliciousness, mochi has been part of Japanese cuisine since before the Nara Era -- over 1,000 years ago. How do you like to eat your mochi?
Kids Get All 'Sam I Am' About Trying Escargot. They would not like them in a box. They would not like them with a fox.
The Only 3 Knives You Need. Please meet The Epicurious Three, the only knives a basic kitchen needs.
These 5 Real Chip Flavors Are Seriously Strange. If you were hoping for a nice flavor such as barbecue, prepare to be disappointed... or not?
Grain-Free Baking? Yes, You Can!. There's a whole world of flours and thickeners that don't contain grains, and they're all delicious.
9 Of The Best Winter Soups To Pack For Lunch. Here are some of the soups that we plan to pack all winter long.
Cooking Off The Cuff. Elegant? Check. Pleasantly surprising? Check.
Broccoli 'Breadcrumbs' Will Take Your Casseroles to the Next Level. I immediately wanted to top all my casseroles and pasta bakes with a blanket of green broccoli snow. Or cauliflower. Or Romanesco! Heidi uses both broccoli and breadcrumbs in her creation, but I see no reason why you couldn't use broccoli alone. You could even combine it with some nuts and seeds to achieve an even crunchier texture.
It's Time To Up Your Instant Ramen Game. Can anything be done to punch up instant ramen?
The Art of Food. Speaking foodies to foodie... I have to say, spending time with celebrated California Artist/Chef Wendy Brodie and her husband Bob has to be one of the greatest culinary experience of my life. To add the topping, as if it were a cake... celebrating my birthday with close family friends made the outing even more enjoyable.
5 Easy Egg Recipes. Whether it is a boozy brunch with the ladies or a late-night three-egg omelet at the Greek diner, I'm a fan.
Baked Chicken Recipes That Are Anything But Boring. Promise.
Welp... People Disappointed In. These restaurant reviewers are way more detestable than Hooters.
10 Recipes For The Perfect Mexican Fiesta. Sadly, we can't bring you Mexico's sunny beaches this winter. But the cuisine? There we can help.
From Granola Bars to Scones. These comforting breakfast treats are like a cross between scones and oatmeal cookies
Tex-Mex Crockpot Quinoa. Slow cookers make dinner FOR YOU. You just need to throw some random things into it, press a button and VOILA! Somehow a delicious meal is magically ready when you get home.
The Most Iconic Restaurant In Every State (And DC). While some of these restaurants may not have the best food or be tourist-free, they're all famous.
January 12. By coincidence -- or astrological design, take your pick -- another vital figure in that East-West transmission was also born on that date, and he too deserves to be celebrated.
The Trick To Making Your Leafy Greens Last 10 Times Longer. Say goodbye to a crisper full of wilted lettuce.
California's Foie Gras Ban Overturned. Score one for the gourmand lobby.
How To Clean, Stuff, And Eat An Artichoke. The artichoke is a vegetable that many people love but have little idea what to do with.
The Donut To End All Donuts. Let us introduce you to the turkducken of donuts.
5 Simple Border-Blurring Japanese Recipes. Nobody puts a better spin on Western dishes than the Japanese.
Cooking Off The Cuff. This native African bird is a more mainstream food than I thought, just not in my little corner of Manhattan.
13 Snacks That Won't Derail Your Resolutions. Try one of these snacks made of real wholesome foods that satisfy and nourish.
Refreshing Cucumber Lemonade Recipe. 
The Old Jewish Cooking Trick That Could Be The 'New' Big Thing. Fat's back, with a bang.
How To Make Saffron Chia Pudding. It requires no more than a few strands to infuse any dish with its warm aroma and hues of yellow-gold.
The 14 Biggest Restaurant Closings of 2014. Pour out some beer for spots that opened up the doors and let you out into the world... forever.
Cook More this Year -- 28 Easy Crock Pot Recipes for Busy Lives. 2015 is here and resolutions are flying right and left. Lose weight, save money, get fit. All are lofty yet understandable goals. Unfortunately, many won't last past the first half of January. Instead of joining the fray, why not make a goal that you can actually stick to? Decide to cook more for yourself at home in 2015.
Start the New Year Off Right. Eating healthy should never leave you hungry.
Beyond Salad. Kale is a great veggie to incorporate into your weekly meals. But it doesn't have to be limited to salads. Kale is super versatile! Here are 11 kale recipes that go way beyond a boring salad.
3 Hot Takes on the Hot Toddy for the Winter Ahead. You can consider the classic toddy medicine.
My Top 5 BBQ and Grill Restaurants of 2014. A lot of people complain that barbecue just isn't what it used to be, and they're right.  It's better. It's better in traditional barbecue hotspots, like Kansas City and Dallas. It's better in places where you'd never expect to find killer 'que, from Brooklyn to Minneapolis to L.A.
McDonald's Relaunches 'I'm Lovin' It' Campaign. Here we go with the latest incarnation of the' \I'm lovin' it\ campaign.
4 Cocktails Made From Hangover Cures. We suggest you ignore the dietitians and combine booze with your favorite hangover-busting cures, just like in these kick-ass cocktails.
Champagne Was Never Supposed To Happen, But Everyone Is Glad It Did. Popping bottles in the ice, like a blizzard. When we drink we do it right, gettin' slizzard.
The Best Health Foods, Ranked In (Totally Subjective) Order. We hope some of these foods don't survive 2015.
Let's Not Forget Spaghetti Alla Puttanesca. You can tell from the ingredients that this is not a shy kind of sauce.
10 Foods You Should Resolve To Eat More Of In 2015. Let this year be the most delicious one yet.
You Can Now Get A Pizza Bagel At Dunkin' Donuts. But they won't call it that...
The Past, Neat or On The Rocks. 
If You Have This, Make That. Cooking on the cheap shouldn't mean minute rice and buttered pasta every night. With a little creativity and a little planning, Gabriella Paiella shows us how to make the most of a tight budget -- without sacrificing flavor or variety.
How to Make a Hot Toddy Without a Recipe. Here is the beauty of a hot toddy
Need. A batch of cookies baked into a skillet and topped with heaps of ice cream should be your go-to dinner party dessert. Done.
Molly Yeh's 3-Ingredient Pretzel Shortbread Cookies. To ready ourselves for gift-giving (and cookie-eating) season, we've declared this week Cookie Week. We'll share recipes and tips about cookies of all kinds, be they spicy or chocolate-y, chewy or crunchy, round or square.
All the End-of-Year Entertaining Tips You Could Ever Need. 'Tis the season for holiday parties. And no, hosting friends in ugly sweaters over bottom-shelf brands and liter bottles doesn't qualify. It could, but it's not the nicest way to wrap the year.
5 of the Most Bizarre Alcoholic Drinks in the World. It's not hard to imagine how one of our ancestors may have discovered the intoxicating effects of a decomposed batch of grapes left in a container for too long. But how do you explain such oddities as baby mouse wine or three-penis liquor?
Gluten-Free Quinoa Stuffed Mushrooms. The perfect gluten-free alternative to the classic snack!
10 Tips to Ring in the New Year With a Memorable Toast. When friends and family come together to celebrate the New Year, the festivities usually include raising glasses for an uplifting toast. If delivering the toast falls to you, some advance preparation will help you create a memorable start to the celebration.
Great Whiskeys for New Year's Eve Celebration By John Mariani. Now that New Year's Eve is upon us, so-called \brown spirits\ are always a good gift idea, so here are some that I've been impressed by, not because they are so rare or come in a really nifty bottle, but because they are really quite distinctive.
7 Appetizers for a New Year's Eve Feast. If you want to knock your guest's socks off, make these whisky scallops. They look and taste amazing but come together in no time.
Cooking on the Amazon River With Pedro Miguel Schiaffino. We spent five days learning about the cuisine of this area through the cooking of chef Pedro Miguel Schiaffino. Aboard the Aqua Amazon  is where he can get creative with Amazonian ingredients like camu camu berries, wild cashews and a very interesting nut.
Christmas Is a Holiday Cracker on the Beach!. Once the goose is fully cooked, take the bird out of the oven and let rest for 20 minutes in a warm place in the kitchen. Be sure to reserve the juices in the oven tray to use as a rich sauce.
Magical 'Butter Crayon' Is Toast's Best Friend. It's the best thing for sliced bread.
Pear Tart With Hazelnut Frangipane and Cardamom Chantilly. Crafting tarts is a several-step process that makes me feel like I'm working on an exciting project (which, in my book, definitely makes cooking more fun!). Plus the results are always as gorgeous as they are delectable.
Easy Vol au Vent Appetizers with Brie and Jam. I adore a drawn out holiday season because it means more great time spent with family and, of course, more food. Because of the multiple get-togethers, I am planning a variety of different appetizer recipes.
17 Best-Loved Holiday Cookies and Bars. Snickerdoodles are sweet, buttery sugar cookies lightly dusted with cinnamon. With their whimsical name, crackly tops, perfectly crisp edges and soft centers, I don't know anyone who can resist them!
Cheery Candy Cane Cupcakes. These are super festive and fun for the holidays. Full of peppermint, what's not to love?
Christmas Morning Casserole Everyone Will Love. Christmas morning is obviously the peak of all the holiday excitement, and in our family it is always spent hovered over hot coffee and breakfast casseroles, while we refuse to wear anything but pajamas and laze on the sofa.
Pistachio Biscotti With Kirsch-Soaked Dried Cherries. Biscotti can be great, guys.
27 Delicious Ways To Do A Vegan Holiday Feast. All the animals are partying at the North Pole.
We Call Them... Secret Santa Cookies. The cookie is INSIDE the other cookie. Surprise!
How To Save Money By Making Fresh Food Last Longer. Food waste is a monumental problem. Here are some simple ways to fight it.
Latkes Like You've Never Seen Them Before. Latkes are a universal food.
5 Cocktails to Make Come Five O'Clock. Sometimes you gotta switch things up a little, say, with one of these drinks.
Overnight Christmas Brunch Recipes to Save Christmas Morning!. Christmas morning should be about family and gifts not breakfast preparations... magic, not mess.
How To Do Magic Tricks With Cocktails. You don't need a wand -- just some vodka.
2014's Top LA Foodstuffs Under $14. While it's never an easy task inventorying the true annual best frugal bites, with the following I've given it the old college try.
According To Twitter, Teriyaki Can Make People Do Anything. We dig teriyaki, and so does Twitter.
I Predict a Tie. We had thirty minutes to cook and an audience of a couple hundred shoppers watching and cheering us on.
This Baked Potato Is The Stuff Of Vegetarian Dreams. So easy, so tasty, so cruelty-free.
The Best Workout Routine? Candy Making, Of Course. Find your inner Hulk.
How The International Chefs Congress Saved My Life. Yet this year on opening day, rather than being one of the first through the doors, I sat home on my couch, feeling anything but inspired. Then my phone chimed the sound of a text coming through, a friend who always flies in for StarChefs.
9 Easy Holiday Cakes and Quick Breads. My grandmother loved to bake and was known near and far for her boozy butter and rum soaked pound cake. The cake was the hit of every family gathering, and no one ever passed through her kitchen without sneaking a thin slice. It's easy to make and perfect for the holidays!
Christmas Without the Kitchen. If you are overworked, overwrought and overcooked or if you just want more time with the family and friends you are hosting from out of town, here are a few digital markets for you. Just click the food item to have it delivered to your table.
Homemade Holiday. As much as we love spreading holiday cheer, our shopping list seems to have gotten a little bit out of control. Instead of buying gift cards or cute holiday mugs, we've decided to take the handmade route for quite a few people on our list.
6 Festive Fruit Desserts. This beautiful salad of oranges, grapefruits and pomegranates is the perfect antidote to all the overindulgence of the holidays -- and it's so much more enticing than the typical store-bought fruit salad.
Here's The Equation For A Mathematically Perfect Doughnut. It's all about the squidge to crispiness ratio. Or something.
5 Of The Best Wurst On Planet Barbecue. Is sausage the new bacon?
Best Holiday Recipes. Before you get intimidated, we created these recipes with the novice cook (and bartender) in mind.
How To Make Pecan Milk From Scratch. This recipe is my effort to bottle the essence of the Louisiana pecans for which my grandfather lovingly cares.
The Best Brunch Recipes In The History Of Everything. Fair warning, make a double batch of the candied bacon. It goes fast.
5 Easy Asian Chicken Recipes. What's easier to find at the store than chicken?
McDonald's Adds Chicken To Customization Test. Well-heeled Millennials, not burger-loving teens (who often don't have $8 or even $5.49), certainly are Create Your Taste's target market.
Hold On To Your Spoons, French Toast Crunch Is Back!. We didn't even realize how much we missed it.
The 14 Foods You've Been Storing All Wrong. Learn how to properly store your groceries to keep food flavorful, save money on groceries, and reduce food waste.
5 Hearty Soups and Stews to Warm You Up. If you're in need of a little pick-me-up, these soul-satisfying soups are just the ticket. You can make this smoky chickpea lentil soup with ingredients you likely have on hand -- and it's ready in 30 minutes yet tastes like you spent all day in the kitchen.
Make Homemade Candy Cane Fudge Like a Boss. It's almost too pretty to eat. Almost.
9 Easy Recipes for Homemade Holiday Gifts. Wouldn't you rather spend time in your kitchen than brave the crowds at the mall?
This Is How Baking Substitutes Rank. Not all ingredients are created equal.
Gourmet Gifts for the Foodie 2014. Fear not my friends, this year there is a wide, wide range of fun, functional and downright tasty gifts for the foodie in your life.
The Best Food Show You've Never Heard Of Is Finally Coming To America. If the PBS broadcast is a hit, it may help the show's creators get another American adaptation off the ground.
WATCH. Yup.
22 Things You've Definitely Eaten If You Grew Up In New England. One thing you'll never hear them gripe about is the food.
Blondies With Salted Pistachios And Lemon. 
The Fastest Way To Fry Shrimp? Catapult Them Through The Air. Yeah we actually have no idea what's going on here.
Dinner Party Secrets. There are a few secrets that can help ensure that every dinner party goes as smoothly as possible.
10 Behind-The-Scenes Tours Of Iconic Food Brands. Ever wonder how your favorite snacks are made?
One Jar Of Kimchi, 5 Dinners. It might seem counterintuitive, but fermented cabbage can add a burst of freshness to your autumn cooking.
The Biggest Food Trends Of 2015. 
Chateau Phelan Segur Keeps Tradition Through Evolution. The French expression \the more things change the more they remain the same\ may be readily applied to the way an esteemed Bordeaux wine estate like Ch\u00e2teau Ph\u00e9lan S\u00e9gur has evolved.
Thanksgiving, Island Style. I've found that the best way to cook a 10lb turkey is in a cold oven. Using this technique will take a minimum of four hours but its well worth the wait... we're on Caribbean time, man!
Goldfish Tea Bags Are The Creepiest Way To Drink A Cup. Cute AND creepy.
Winter's Most Disappointing Food Moments. We're all trying to make the best of winter, but these moments are MAJOR setbacks.
Whole Plant Eating. It's easy to scrape the seeds and pulp directly into the compost bin, but during this traditional season of plenty, there are many ways to put every inch of your squash to good (and delicious) use!
The Best English Muffin in the World Is in Napa Valley. Where do wine country locals go in Napa Valley when they need a carb fix? \u00a0The Model Bakery of course. \u00a0For 30 years\u00a0Model Bakery has been luring folks in for the mouthwatering pastries and bread.
Funny Tweets About Food Comas, Feasting And Thanksgiving Food. Bitching about Thanksgiving is Twitter's speciality.
An Interview With Food Revolutionary Michael Pollan. Michael Pollan is a food activist, journalist, and bestselling author whose books have revolutionized the way Americans think about food. What you may not realize is that Pollan is a man obsessed by live-fire cooking and he devotes the first section of his most recent book, Cooked, to the art and history of barbecue.
Quick and Easy Thanksgiving Dessert. Thanksgiving is a great holiday for feasting with friends, but it can also be stressful. To help make things a bit easier, here is my quick and simple version of pumpkin pie.
Dominique Ansel's Top 10 Pastry Tools. You never realize how often you could use a microplane until you get one. In pastry, it's crucial for zesting fruits and grating fresh spices.
Making A New Recipe This Thanksgiving? Share Your Photos!. Share your photos with us!
How to Roast Chestnuts. 
20 Paleo Desserts That Let You Have Your Steak, Your Cake, And Eat It All, Too. Thou shall not go without dessert.
A Father-To-Be Taste-Tests Baby Food. Rated on a scale of 1-10, 1 indicating that it tastes like something found in a diaper.
5 Easy And Delicious Thanksgiving Side Dishes. I've got you covered with five easy to make and tasty sides that will round out your Thanksgiving day feast!
Charlie Palmer Brings His Steakhouse to NYC. You don't find sea urchin butter on your sirloin here, or bottarga on your fried potatoes.
Koo-Koo for Cacao. 
10 Easy Recipes for a Stress-Free Thanksgiving. I used to host elaborate Thanksgiving celebrations, where I'd cook and prepare for days on end, only to be completely exhausted by the time my guests arrived on Thanksgiving day. After one glass of wine, I'd be nodding off at the table, dreaming of my pillow!
7 Thanksgiving Desserts That Are Way Better Than Pie. Double chocolate pavlova could be the ultimate sweet ending to your feast. No one will miss the pumpkin pie.
Detox Soup to Make You Feel Awesome. 
Raisins Give Us Trust Issues, And Other Things We Found Funny This Week. Read this instead of scrolling through Twitter.
Decadent Chocolate Whipped Cream. With a chocolate flavor, whipped cream becomes the highlight of the dessert, or perhaps even the dessert itself.
Garlic Presses And 12 Other Kitchen Tools Chefs Never Use. Chefs aren't using these tools, so why are you?
Homemade Bread Cubes and Bread Crumbs (for Stuffing). These days, it seems everyone has some sort of adverse feeling or physical reaction to old-fashioned, store-bought white bread. So when it comes to making stuffing, it seems wrong to buy the little white dried bread crumbs or bread cubes (or croutons) that have been sitting in a bag for land knows how long. So I decided to make my own.
Best Thanksgiving Digestifs. After a massive, multi-part feast with many glasses of wine, what does your stomach want? Probably, a digestif.
How To Make The Most Of Your Slow Cooker. Your weeknights just got infinitely better.
The Secret to Thomas Keller's Roast Turkey Is Doing Absolutely Nothing. Yes, the process takes time. But it's time that requires nothing in the way of effort from you.
Expert Beer Pairings For An Even Better Thanksgiving. Yes, you want to invite beer to Thanksgiving dinner.
Farm Beyond Fork Across America. 
5 Tips For Inviting A Chef And His Family Over For Dinner. How scary could it really be to cook for someone that loves Top Ramen?
9 Fabulous Thanksgiving Cocktail Recipes. Here are some tasty cocktails that have seasonal touches from happy hour to dessert, something for everyone to be thankful for.
Why People Are Eating Bowls Of Beans For Breakfast. Beans, beans, the magical breakfast fruit.
These Potato Chips Taste EXACTLY Like Thanksgiving. This means Thanksgiving will now be available year round.
The Ultimate Guide To A Successful Thanksgiving Dinner. You need this.
Two New York Veteran Italian Restaurants Are Better Than Ever. The dedicated owners never take a single guest for granted.
5 Perfect Pumpkin Recipes Just in Time For the Holidays. here have been many pumpkin bread recipes over the years, but none as good as this one. Just a bit of mixing and stirring, pop it in the oven, and, in about an hour, you'll have a house smelling of sweet autumn spices.
Toast of the Week. Space and booze have been making a lot of news recently. Perhaps someday we'll all be throwing back space beers on Mars.
Stay Warm and Healthy With Kale and Quinoa Minestrone Soup. One of the things I love teaching my clients the most is how to incorporate kale, quinoa and other superfoods into familiar favorites. Using new ingredients can be daunting, but after a few tries these healthy additions will be your new go-tos.
How To Make Cereal Milk Ice Cream. Go ahead, embrace childhood -- make cereal milk ice cream.
This Is How You Slaughter A Turkey For Thanksgiving. A step-by-step look at processing birds.
How To Guarantee A Moist Turkey This Thanksgiving. Cooking and serving the parts separately just can't match the eye-popping appeal of serving that smoke-burnished, handsomely browned holiday bird whole.
The UK's Most Popular TV Show Is ... A Baking Competition?. It's as heartwarming and comforting as a batch of cookies baked by your grandmother.
The 21 Best Italian Restaurants In America. There are certain places that make the rest quake in their Italy-shaped boots, and we're here to recognize them.
Pizza Hut's New Menu Makes Us Cringe. It's just bad taste.
You Can Make Chicken That Looks This Amazing. Sean Brock will show you how.
The Easiest Way To Make Fried Rice. 
Behold, Poutine Dumplings. You may never need to eat again.
10 Crazy-Good Holiday Cocktail Party Recipes. Throw away those old kitschy cocktail meatball recipes that call for grape jelly and frozen meatballs -- these are easy-to-make and so much better.
Budget-Friendly Brunches to Make at Home. Thankfully brunch is pretty easy because many brunch foods are easy to make from pantry staples. Few things are less expensive than pancakes. Flour, milk, egg, baking powder, a bit of oil and done. Cheap and oh so cheerful.
How To Make Deep Fried Apple Pies From Scratch. Whether you're making your first apple pie or your 50th, these cute little mini pies are perfect.
The Perfect Piping Hot Paleo Pizza Crust. This paleo pizza crust couldn't be simpler to make - there's no kneading, no rising, and it only takes a few minutes to put together!
Pumpkin and Squash Healthy Holiday Recipes. To benefit from these fall beauties, try the following recipes where pumpkins and squash are both a filling and a container, too.
How To Make ABC Kitchen's Butternut Squash On Toast. Consider this an homage. Consider it also a defiant statement that food on toast carries its weight well into fall.
One Super Easy Salsa Verde Recipe. Salsa verde is perfect for chips and works great in enchiladas, too!
Cooking Off The Cuff. We always eat our corned beef hash with ketchup (though I try to keep the ketchup away from my poached egg), and so should you.
How To Make Japanese Milk Bread At Home. You don't have to go all the way across the Pacific in search of the fluffiest, lightest, tallest bread of your life.
What Would Happen Tomorrow if Coffee Were Banned?. I'll assume this happens in the U.S., since it's what I'm familiar with.  I think other instances of prohibition would be a pretty good model.
Why Turkeys Are So Much Better Roasted Upside Down. It's a flaw in the design of the turkey, when you think about it.
How People Judge You Based On The Wine You Drink. Order a ros\u00e9 in winter and you WILL be judged.
This Is How You're Really Supposed To Use Chopsticks. It's like riding a bicycle!
10 Cozy Fall Breakfast Recipes. Cooler temperatures and falling leaves mean it's time to turn on your oven and bake something delicious. Try these cozy breakfast recipes made from all your favorite fall ingredients -- apples, pumpkin, sweet potatoes, oats, pecans and more.
The Mayor Of Food. 
The Whisky Extravaganza. 
Crispy Green Bean Fries. It's 3 p.m. You're well aware that you should be reaching for something virtuous to snack on. Luckily, we've figured out how to make vegetables more alluring when hunger strikes. These oven-baked green beans are the answer. They're easy, satisfying and not at all bad for you.
Whole Roasted Pumpkin Soup. Pumpkin soup
Restaurant Skewers Hottest Dining Trends With Brilliant Halloween 'Costume'. Leather blacksmith aprons from the 1400s? Check.
A Kitchy Kitchen Recipe. That melt-in-your-mouth honeyed flavor with a subtle punch of salt is so addictive.
Traveling in Bordeaux, France. Bordeaux has its own virtues
Scared of Baking? These Apple Squares Are Impossible to Mess Up. The idea of baking can sometimes make even the most experienced cooks skeptical. Memories of fallen souffl\u00e9s, burnt cookies or dry cake can stop you from even attempting. But we have a recipe that is as easy as, well, pie!
These Salads Have 1,000 Calories Or More. Never trust salad again.
Exploring the Culinary Northwest With Michael Stanton, Executive Chef of The Heathman Restaurant. This was a meal in which every course was full of fresh flavors and unexpected, delightful combinations.
Turkey Legs and Pudding Pops. 
How To Make Duck Confit. We're conquering confiting -- a French technique for tenderizing even the toughest of meats.
How To Eat A Lot Of Apples, On The Cheap. For those of you overloaded by apples, here's how to stretch them out.
Why You Should Start Tipping Chefs. We're here to propose a radical idea
How Is Vodka Made?. Vodka production starts with a starch, and for most commercial production, that means beginning with wheat. For Grey Goose the wheat comes from France's bread basket, Picardy.
America's Best Steakhouses. The best steakhouses in America are places of worship built to honor the deceptively complex art of a perfectly cooked steak.
Sweet Disposition? Fall for These 11 New Dessert Cookbooks. Dorie Greenspan is determined to show you that French pastries aren't all macarons and madeleines.
McDonald's Announces Push For 'Locally Relevant Ingredients.' Here's What That Means.. Want a mozzarella stick? Head to New Jersey.
The 10 Best Dive Bars In America. Consider us your personal Ben Kenobi
How to Make Traditional Cantonese Mooncakes At Home. Learning how to make these gems was surprisingly easy, a ton of fun, and immensely rewarding.
Don't Even Think About Calling Your Bartender A Mixologist. Here's Why.. \A mixologist is a bartender who doesn't get invited to parties.\
A Guide To How Much Butter Is In Your Favorite Baked Goods. It's not as scary as you think. Or is it?
On The Menu. Praised by food critics, he is well known for bringing innovation to traditional Indian dishes.
McDonald's Adds Rump Steak Menu in Australia. 
Prime Rib Primer. It's an investment of effort and resources that pays great dividends in meaty joy.
Someone Made A $13 Bacon Cheeseburger-Stuffed Glazed Donut. This donut has gone too far.
Cooking Off The Cuff. You get all the intense savoriness of cooked tomato sauce and all the freshness of a ripe farmers' market tomato.
One Pot Suppers. The leaves are changing. There's a briskness in the air. It's time to think about rib-sticking, soul-filling food!
FOUND. This is comfort food at its finest.
The Definitive Guide To Grinding Your Coffee Beans. Not all grinds are created equal.
Pumpkin Fritters Are The One Recipe You Need To Make This Fall. Even the pumpkins will thank you.
Cooking Art History. Don't worry; it's made with chicken.
How to Cook Flat Bacon. You can't cook bad bacon. Well, unless you really burn it.
Lobster All Year-Round. The full steamed lobster never disappoints, and is fun and messy to chow down on.
Saint Martha Offers Heavenly Wines by the Glass. Her wine list does not include a single California Chardonnay or Napa Cabernet.
Steak Tartare At Home Is Easier Than You Think. With raw meat comes hesitation for the home cook -- yet it's one of the easier dishes to tackle in the kitchen!
How To Make Turkish Delight. Turkish delight doesn't have to be chalky and neon-colored.
The Unhealthiest Salads You Can Eat. We're not talking about a house salad with blue cheese dressing here.
8 Vegan Dinners That Moonlight As Lunches. Vegan lunches can -- and should -- be a lot more interesting than bare salads or carrot sticks and hummus.
Homemade Ricotta And 11 Ways To Use It. If the question is \Can you put ricotta on that?\ the answer here at Food52 is usually yes.
Cooking Off The Cuff. I thought about a paella but knew I'd deploy too many flavors that could mask the key ingredients. Risotto, then, seemed the way to go.
Halloween Tricks You Can Play With Food. Forget the cutesy Halloween treats this year and embrace your dark side.
Even Celebs Have Lost Their Souls To Pumpkin Spice Lattes. They're just like us.
New Social Network Promises To Serve Up 'The Ultimate Food Porn'. Obsessively 'gram every meal? This new social network is for you.
8 Reasons Why People Really, Really Love Wegmans. What attracts such unwavering loyalty? Here are just a few reasons.
OMG MSG. Some of the country's best chefs still love it, use it--and bring it with them wherever they go.
Good Stock Farm. Here's why my husband and I raced up to Good Stock Farm two weeks ago. Michael, who was the founding editor of Nation's Restaurant News, had decades earlier met Sandy D'Amato, a multi-starred chef from Milwaukee.
Homemade Texas Roadhouse Rolls. So it should come as no surprise to anyone that one of my favorite yeast rolls are those served at Texas Roadhouse restaurants. Now, in case you have never been to a Texas Roadhouse before, let me explain the glory of these rolls to you.
5 Fall Soups to Warm You Up. Feel that chill in the air? Warm up with these soul-satisfying autumn soups.
11 Make-Ahead Vegetarian Meals. You need food you can make the night before and grab from the fridge as soon as you get home from work.
A Kitchy Kitchen Recipe. These are all about simplicity
Columbus \Discovers\ Chocolate. Christopher Columbus and his crew were the first Europeans to have contact with cocoa beans.
The Genius of Chinese Cooking. That a single tool, the cleaver, is used to slice, chop, peel, julienne, mince, divide chicken, tenderize meat, crush garlic, grind spices (with the butt of the handle), and scoop it all up afterward, all with the finesse of a much more expensive Western knife.
5 Bad Kitchen Habits You Should Break Now. While you may not need the efficiency of a professional cook, who often has several different meals in progress at the same time, these tips will improve your cooking skills and eliminate mayhem in the kitchen.
How To Pick The Right Bread For A Sandwich. Sometimes, only a sandwich will do. Pasta seems too complicated, meat too fussy and begging needily for side dishes, and eggs... well, that was last night. The sandwich, however, is deceptive in its simplicity.
17 Fluffernutter-Inspired Desserts. Peanut butter. Marshmallow fluff. Yaas.
Duck Fat Smashed Potatoes. 
On the Menu. Fineo puts his wealth of experience into a special tasting menu, and the result is an exclusive Tuscan-inspired dining experience.
Call Off The Search, The Cutest Donuts In The World Have Been Found. Thank you, Japan, for the greatest animal donuts.
8 Things You Never Knew About Ron Popeil, The Greatest Inventor Of All Time. 
Dear Filipino Food in America. I fear for you, my beloved Filipino Food. What does the future hold for you in Walmart America?
Creamy Fall Smoothie for Mom and Baby. Are you ready to experience fall in a glass? A glass full of real ingredients, not synthetic 'fake' pumpkin flavor?
How to Make Authentic Buffalo Wings. Sure, Jamaican jerk-seasoned wings, Bourbon-glazed wings, and sticky Thai-spiced wings are all delicious, but it's tough to beat the good, old Buffalo wing.
5 Fall Salads You're About To Fall In Love With. Made with shredded kale, crisp pancetta, tart apples and pecans in a zingy maple vinaigrette, this salad just screams fall. It's wildly addictive -- even my husband, who is not much of a salad guy, cannot get enough of it.
Banana Split Tacos For National Taco Day. I could eat these sweet, fragrant, crispy taco shells all by themselves.
Bread Is Not Your Enemy. He's so passionate about eating good bread that he even brings his own flour on vacation.
Empire Oyster. All of the raw oysters were delicious and were amazingly fresh.
4 Ways to Up Your Garnish Game. How many times have you ordered a drink based on sight alone?
Here's Why Olives Are The Champion Ingredient In Your Kitchen. 
Stop Telling Me Not To Instagram My Food. It trumps sifting through old Yelp reviews and Foursquare check-ins. It's an up-to-date passport of your life & times.
Could The Japanese Make Better Whisky Than The Scots?. Japanese whisky in particular does not have a style unto itself - it is truly modeled after Scotch whisky.
WATCH. The most complex part is the opening question
WTF Is Pumpkin Spice, Anyway?. Pumpkin isn't always involved.
How To Make Your Own Potato Chips In The Microwave. Grab a potato. Slice, nuke and serve.
10 Cozy Recipes For Cool Fall Days. When you're craving comfort food, you can't beat meltingly tender short ribs slow-cooked in a sweet and tangy barbecue sauce.
The Best NFL Stadiums For Craft Beer. When we're kicking back at a football game, many of us reach for one thing
Frying With Olive Oil, And Other Ways You're Misusing Oil. Whether you're choosing coconut oil for popcorn or olive oil for a quick saut\u00e9, the first thing you need to know is the smoke point you're aiming for.
A Chat With Javier Lo Forte of Pulenta Estate. Have you ever heard of a winery whose guiding principle was humility?
Walkers Shortbread Apple & Pear Crisps Are Everything. Buttery shortbread takes the crisp topping over the top!
My Interview With Strange Food Wildman Andrew Zimmern. He has great advice on grilling and cooking, so listen up.
Food Hacks For The Best Tailgate Ever. Even the most avid tailgaters are guilty of making this simple \newbie\ mistake
Nigella Lawson's Genius, One-Step, No-Churn Ice Cream. Not having an ice cream maker never stopped us before. We did a really good job of making ice cream, against all odds. But instead of doing any of it, you can glide over to your cupboard like you're Nigella Lawson, find four ingredients, whip them into a cloud, then freeze -- they will become ice cream while you go on with your day.
Peel-and-Win, The Realistic Chances Of Winning A Fast Food Sweepstakes. Challenge accepted.
Top Gems for the Foodie in the Heart of Paris. You'll know that this charming city in the heart of France is a godsend for foodies.
The Joy and Madness of Pickling. Pickling has changed my life. It is the gift I give most often.
Newport Beach Wine and Food Festival. Sip in a taste of fall with butternut squash velout\u00e9 with homemade cinnamon marshmallows and habanero.
A Death Row-Themed Restaurant Is About To Happen, People Aren't Stoked. Apparently some folks think the entire restaurant concept is in bad taste.
8 Ideas For Back-To-School (Or -Work) Lunches. As the fall gets busier, don't let your lunches fall by the wayside -- we've got you covered.
You Can Has Cheezburger. Can one really stick to just one type of cheese with just one combination of toppings? Answer
Cinnamon Roll Pie Promises Breakfast Pastry The Size Of Your Face. This makes for one epic breakfast.
12 New Restaurants From Your Favorite NYC Chefs. New kids, watch your back.
Unusual Starbucks Drink Flavors Around The World. It may just be worth it to pop into America's most recognizable coffee shop and see just how unrecognizable the menu becomes.
Foraging for the Past. In the nooks and crannies of even the most crowded city, a wealth of wild ingredients waits to be discovered -- and collected.
Iconic Cookie Brands From Around the World. In the States we may find pantries filled with Chips Ahoy!, but head to Spain and you are likely to find Lu Principe cookies.
5 Things About Trendy Restaurants That You Pretend To Like But Actually Hate. Will restaurants forever be synonymous with suppressed suffering?
Sour Beers Are for Hipsters, Geeks, and Overcompensating Oafs*. 
5 Ways You're Wasting Food and Money. Everyone is looking to save some money, and you can start in your own kitchen. It's as simple as making a few easy changes to your grocery shopping methods and cooking habits
Forms of Table Service. Originally, French service meant all the food served at a meal was placed on the table at once, and guests passed the platters and served themselves, what we think of today as family style. The modern buffet style of dining evolved from this.
5 Things You Didn't Know You Could Buy at Trader Joe's. That spirit of adventure and experimentation is still going strong. Trader Joe's found success by anticipating the needs of its customers, in many cases knowing what the customer would want even before they did, and selling it to them at a low price in a fun atmosphere.
Drink Me Now. When using them in cocktails, think like the Italians do and don't add many other ingredients.
How To Chiffonade Basil (Or Any Leafy Herb). Chiffonade sounds fancy, but that's only because it's French.
9 Little Tricks That'll Change The Way You Cook, Eat And Work In The Kitchen. Easily clean a blender. Make smarter iced coffee. Life just got better.
How To Stuff A Squash With Just About Anything (Including Mac & Cheese). Squash are just edible bowls waiting to be filled.
Fork Makes Broccoli Taste Like Bubblegum. 
Best Oyster Bars in America (PHOTOS). Like a fine wine exhibits its terroir, an oyster's merroir imparts a distinct flavor, from the briny Blue Points of Long Island to snappy Kumamotos of the Pacific Northwest to the bright Malpeques of Prince Edward Island.
Sea of Change. The ocean still contains a near-infinite bounty of food. We just need to seek it out.
Top 5 Reasons To Grill After Labor Day. All it needs is a touch of char and backyard smoke to bring it to perfection.
12 Desserts On A Spoon. Don't just settle for a spoonful of peanut butter. Cover it in chocolate.
You Can Now Drink Girl Scout Cookies. Yet another way to feed the obsession.
The 17 Greatest Steak Joints In America. 
Mango (Moscow) Mule. You've probably noticed an influx of shiny copper mugs at your favorite watering holes and restaurants.
This Rosh Hashanah, Why Not Stuff Your Matzo Balls?. In the great Matzo Ball Debate, the classic conflict is between fans of floaters and sinkers.
How To Make Your Own Damn Pumpkin Spice Latte For $1. PTL for the PSL!
Pizza Hut's New 'Skinny Slice' Isn't Quite A Dream Come True. Pizza Hut is thinking out of the pizza box with this one.
10 Secrets To Perfectly Grilled Fish. It's not only possible to turn out delicious, beautiful grilled fish, but pleasurable too.
Are You Making Your Guacamole Right? Here's How To Tell.. Put your recipe to the test.
In Conversation With April Bloomfield. \There's nothing that gives me more pleasure than to look at one of my restaurants and see happy diners.\
Surge Soda Is Back! (And Has Already Sold Out Once). It's basically the Coca-Cola version of Mountain Dew.
Make This Avocado Miso Toast With Poached Egg, Have No Regrets. Everything's better with an egg on top.
Back to School. Chicken tenderloins are great for weeknight dinners because they require no pounding or cutting and cook quickly.
My Biggest Takeaway From India. I recently traveled to India on a research trip and got a lot more than I bargained for. There is truth in the saying \Keep Korma and Curry On.\ India is a controlled and chaotically enriching assault on the senses which has altered my perception on reality forever. I would go as far as to say that it quite literally blew my mind.
Top 5 Tastes. 
Top 5 Tastes. Although my heritage is Indian, I tend to prefer the Asian cuisines found farther East, like Malaysian, Vietnamese, Korean, Chinese, Japanese, and Thai. The East Village boasts some of the tastiest (and most affordable) options in this culinary realm.
Dining in the Dark. Along with a hundred other guests, I am enjoying my meal blindfolded.
Make This Cookie Butter Ice Cream Sandwich. Cookie butter on cookie butter on cookie butter.
Hotel/Restaurant Mogul Robert Earl Wants You to Be His Guest. 
The Best Doughnuts. Ever.. Flavored with lemon zest and ground nutmeg, these doughnuts are sturdy and sublime.
In Praise Of Lard, And How To Render Your Own. With butter consumption at a 40-year high, it seems that home cooks are ready to embrace animal fats once more.
How To Make Spicy Indian Mango Pickles At Home. This recipe is one of my favorite ways to prepare a spicy mango pickle that makes a great accompaniment to any Indian dish.
6 Baking Hacks For Guilt-Free Cookies. 
10 School Lunches That Totally Trump Sandwiches. 
Fashion Designer Peter Som's Legendary Minestrone Soup Recipe. Peter's minestrone is the stuff of legends on the New York dinner party circuit.  Hungry for the details? Grab your C\u00f4tes du Rh\u00f4ne and cozy up, because I'm spilling the beans.
5 Essential Dorm Room Cooking Hacks. Try making a full dinner and dessert in your dorm room using a coffee maker and a microwave.
5 Crazy Restaurant Challenges Around the World. All these restaurant challenges have one thing in common
Barbecuing and Grilling 101. Here's my official crash course on barbecuing and grilling -- the essentials you need to rock the grill every time you fire it up. I'll begin with some of the basic concepts.
Pizza Hut Introduces Pizza With Bacon AND Cheese In The Crust. Bacon and cheese in the crust?! We're there.
Three Categories Of Italian Wine You Need To Know About (And Which Bottles To Buy). There's a whole other, lesser-known side to Italian wine that's become increasingly popular in the past few years.
Forget Edibles; Weed-Infused 'Drinkables' Have Arrived In Washington. \Couch, meet butt.\
The Great Seafood Treats Of Late Summer, Part II. This week's feature is not so Northeast-centric. In fact, it's about a style of seafood cookery -- a style much beloved all over the world.
Gold Medal Burgers You Have To Make For Labor Day. These recipes are truly show stopping.
13 Lessons From Food Porn. Chocolate bourbon bacon pie is never a mistake.
Make This Upside-Down Quinoa Lasagna. It's got baked eggs, too!
So This Is What A $169 Hot Dog Looks Like. For what people are paying, this'd better be good.
Teddy Bear Cookies Are As Cute As Baked Goods Get. Too cute to eat?
9 Ethnic Dishes That Aren't Recognizable In Their Home Countries. America has a storied history of taking the cuisines of other cultures and incorporating elements of them into its own... usually after deep-frying them.
A Watermelon & Jalapeno Spoon Sweet Recipe. It may sound odd, but watermelon rinds have a great texture when cooked.
No, Anchovies Are Not Always Salt-Cured. The bright, sour fillets upended my expectations of both flavor and texture.
Chasers. Yes, even quick fire boozing can be moderately classy.
The Top 25 Restaurant Trends Of 2014. From the bialy boomlet to uni overload, if it was trending in 2014, Andrew Knowlton was there to document it.
This Cauliflower Crusted Grilled Cheese Deserves A Moment In The Spotlight. So. Beautiful.
Recipes Stuffed With The Best Stuff On Earth, Pimento Cheese. This is everything.
Katsuya Brentwood And Beyond. Many restaurants in Los Angeles have been inspired by Chef Katsuya Uechi's signature dishes.
On The Grill. Labor Day cookouts mean tending to the flames as part of the long holiday weekend tradition.
10 Bizarre Crimes That Prove America Is Way Too Addicted To Fast Food. We all know fast food does criminal things to our bodies, but sometimes it even makes people commit crimes.
How To Make Peach Upside-Down Cake With Cognac Caramel. A dollop of vanilla Chantilly is the only thing you need to accompany such a gorgeous cake.
Don't Buy Another Bottle Of Vodka Until You've Read This Article First. Now we're in something of a third wave of high-quality vodkas.
The Most Immaculate Rainbow Ice Cream Cake Of The Century. Make this cake, have no regrets.
Rules For Going Out to Eat. There are few things worse than spending the money, time, and OpenTable refreshes for a great restaurant meal -- and then having it all just flop.
The Most Overblown Restaurant Trends Of 2014. If we never see these shark-jumping restaurant trends again, it'll be too soon.
Table for One. This table for one experience provided me one important gift
Serendipity 3's Recipe For Frozen Hot Chocolate. It's super-easy and the perfect treat to get you through this late-August heat.
How To Add Mozzarella To Everything. Are you using it in as many places as possible?
This Competitive Eater Made And Ate A Cookie Dough Bowl So Big You Could Fit Your Head In It. The cookie dough bowl weighs a whopping 18 pounds.
5 Drinks to Never, Ever Order on a First Date. Navigating the murky waters of the first date? We're here to help.
15 Recipes You Need to Make Before Summer Is Over. This is, without a doubt, one of the simplest, prettiest, most delicious cakes you'll ever make. You can whip it up and have it in the oven in under 15 minutes, and it keeps well for days. What more could you ask for?
The Best Craft Breweries In America. Expanding and develop the list of last year's all-star U.S. breweries.
10 Last-Minute Potluck Dishes. As you look back at the invitation for today's festivities, you realize that it says \potluck.\ Wait, what?
How to Break Down a Chicken. Chicken is meant to be eaten every way imaginable.
The Smortato Is The Dessert Potato Of Your Dreams. A s'mores-stuffed sweet potato. Ingenious.
Classic Deviled Eggs. You know deviled eggs have made a comeback when they're on almost every hipster menu in America.
If Alcohol Labels Told The Truth. One shot of \Vomit Everywhere,\ please.
How to Quickly Hull Strawberries. Though this shortcut instantly satisfies our cravings, it wastes a fair amount of valuable fruit. With a practiced hand and a few more seconds, though, you can remove the green cap and the hard white flesh underneath, leaving an intact, beautiful berry.
Stop Everything And Make These Butter Brownies. There's nothing better than ooey gooey butter cake on top of brownies.
Cooking Off the Cuff. While not unheard-of, corn ravioli are uncommon enough that they're always a happy, delicious surprise, especially at this time of year, when they can be made from fresh locally grown corn.
Adam Richman Defends His Support Of Walmart Beef. It's what's for dinner on this TV host's table.
6 Light-Yet-Satisfying Summer Soups. Gazpacho is the ultimate summer soup. It's typically loaded with raw onions and garlic but in this recipe, the raw onions and garlic are replaced with lots of mellow, sweet roasted garlic.
This Is How Bees Make Honey. How does that delicious sweetness come to be(e)?
8 Steps To Bacon Nirvana. If you go to the time and trouble of curing and smoking your own bacon, start by procuring a pork belly worthy of your efforts. This means from organic hogs (or hogs raised humanely without hormones or antibiotics).
The Un-Retirement of an Amateur Activist. Back home, I was determined to draw attention to the issue and get things to change. I emailed the food companies, journalists, the FDA, senators and representatives.  My emails went all the way to the top
Alice Medrich's Guide To Freezing Baked Goods. A cake or cupcake will have a fresher taste, and probably look better too.
The Best Moscow Mule Is Made With Fresh Ginger. A Moscow Mule -- traditionally made with vodka and ginger beer--is summertime sipping at its best. But add fresh grated ginger and whoa
How To Slice, Dice, Peel And Pit Your Favorite Produce In Seconds. Ain't nobody got time for grueling food prep.
4 of Hong Kong's Hippest New Restaurants. From \sexy naked rolls\ to \magic mushroom maki,\ here's what the innovators are serving up.
Friends Craft Culinary Masterpieces Out Of Big Mac Combo. With some time to spare, even the most standard of American meals (yep -- a Big Mac and fries) can be transformed into a lavish-looking dinner.
5 Fruity Beers For People Who Don't Like Fruity Beers. There are a lot of not-so-great, way-too-sweet, malt liquor-esque fruit beers in coolers and on tap across the country. But that doesn't mean the whole category should be marginalized.
Off the Beaten Menu. By all means, try pasta when you are Italy, steak in Argentina, and sushi in Japan, but after you finish, dig a little deeper and try some of these regional specialties that don't have much world-wide fame.
Make Grilled Corn Even Better With Miso Butter. Surely you've grilled an ear of corn or two in your day. It's a classic because it's always tasty.
Christophe Michalak. Michalak is the pastry chef of the prestigious three-Michelin-starred Plaza Ath\u00e9n\u00e9e in Paris, but don't let his culinary pedigree fool you.
Top 5 Bagel Spots in NYC. I want to share my five favorite places to get the circular wheel of carbohydrate wonder that is the bagel.
The Easiest Guide To Shucking Oysters. Bivalve fans, you need this.
The Best American Restaurants Outside The States. It is hard to go too long without a juicy cheeseburger smack between the fluffiest bun.
Think You Know Your Scotch Whisky? Think Again. Scotch is one of those special spirits that manages to distill the essence of a place into a bottle.
5 Great Central Texas-Style BBQ Joints Outside The Lone Star State. While not everything about these places is Texan, you won't want to mess with their brisket.
Cronut Guy To Sell Ice Cream Sundaes Out Of A Can. Boy oh boy he's done it again.
10 Best BBQ Joints In The U.S.. 
Famous Chefs Reveal Their Favorite Fast Food Chains And What They Order. It turns out that, yes, the guys who make your $75 entree aren't above a $1 cheeseburger.
Quick and Easy 'No-Cook' Summer Tomato-Mozzarella Pasta. I made this up last week when my family and I were all starving and it was hot and I happened to have some fresh organic Rigatoni pasta from the Emmaus Farmer's Market (which was delicious!).
Corn Pancakes, The Early Arrival Of An Annual Celebration. We ate ours with maple syrup
How To Make Blueberry Slab Pie. Feed the masses at your next summer gathering with an ooey, gooey, tasty mess.
4 No-Bake Birthday Cakes For Hot Summer Days. Whip up one of these no-bake wonders for birthday boys and girls of all ages. Just don't forget the candles.
How (Good) American Beers Are (Finally) Conquering Europe. Brewers are not just exporting beer. They're exporting the idea of the craft beer revolution.
In Defense Of Milk Chocolate, The Underdog Of The Chocolate World. We know you're all about dark chocolate, but here's why it's time to revisit milk.
Top 10 Things I Wish I 'd Known When I Started To Grill. As we faced that Weber, Mom and I realized that we were clueless.
8 Easy Thai-Style Dishes You Can Make At Home. You don't need a kitchen full of exotic, hard-to-find ingredients to make delicious Thai food at home.
The World's 10 Most Extreme Eats. Our list of 10 unbelievable, extreme foods will test your appetite.
12 Tips For Making A Healthy Smoothie. You don't need a recipe to make a healthy smoothie.
They Ferment For Each Other. Their aim is to personally cultivate everything that goes into their jars.
The Country's Best Burger Comes From A Chain You've Probably Never Heard Of. Excuse us?
On the Menu. You'll savor crispy pigtail, steamed buns, grilled fish heads and some of the best chicken wings.
This Is What Happens When A Twinkie Gets Wrapped In A Burrito. Yes, please.
A Provence-Themed Dinner. The real epitome of our Provence culinary experience came as a complete surprise the next day in Cassis.
How To Grill Vegetables. By grilling one or two vegetables with your main course, you can cook an entire meal on the grill.
Millennials Invented Microwaveable Cake In A Spray Can. Millennials invented microwavable cake, because of course.
For National Eat Junk Food Day, Just Put A Reese's On It. Reese's cupcakes, Reese's cookies, Reese's popcorn. Reese's EVERYTHING.
The 30 Best BBQ Restaurants In America, According To Open Table. BBQ worth traveling for.
Why Guy Savoy Should Be Your Favorite 3-Star Chef. For Guy Savoy, it's all about feeding people -- the intensely intimate, powerful act of preparing something that will be consumed.
How To Eat A Popsicle For Any Meal Of The Day. Yolo.
5 Ways To Add Vegetarian Protein To Your Lunch Salads. A serving or two of legumes, nuts, or eggs will turn your salad into a filling and sustaining lunch.
There's A Gourmet Doughnut Food Truck in Portland, Maine. Perhaps a doughnut with maple bourbon drizzled on top of maple pastry cream and a little bacon?
Nomad. Scotch whisky has been around for an awfully long time -- more than 500 years, in fact.  By now you'd think that every visionary distiller and novelty-minded charlatan would have explored every possible wrinkle in the whisky-making process.
Simple Summer Treats. If you've never tried to make ice cream sandwiches with whoopie pies, you're missing out! Unlike chocolate chip cookies, the cake like texture of whoopie pies holds the ice cream perfectly in place. As for flavor, it's like eating cake with ice cream... and who doesn't love that?
9 Delicious Ways to Use Sweet Summer Berries. Sweet and juicy summer berries are here! Put them to use in salads, parfaits, muffins and more.
The Best Way to Eat Avocados. There is at least one night a week in which I need a fast, hearty dinner.  We do a lot of activities and events after work, and sometimes I have an hour from the time I walk in the door to when we have to leave again.
Can You Be Romanced by Food?. 
Who Cares About The Price Of Almond Milk?. Do they not understand there are more costs to bringing a product to market beyond the cost of a single ingredient? Is anyone shocked that it's ultimately cheaper to make everything at home?
What Your Chipotle Order Says About You. Did you know that I am basically a trained social scientist who can tell everything about you just by your order?
PB&J Isn't Cutting It...Here Are 6 Tricks For More Inspired School Lunches. 
Punch Drunk... Boozy Fun In A Bowl. If you've ever been intimidated by playing at-home mixologist, making punch is a lot less stressful.
Are Made-From-Scratch Ice Cream Shops On The Rise? We Hope So. This scoop shop is making its ice cream entirely from scratch, which is way more rare than you might think.
A Kitchy Kitchen Recipe. Want the brunch refreshment of a bloody mary with the laid back afternoon vibes of a margarita?
Your Guide To Homemade Twix Bars. This version is time-consuming, but worth it.
How to Shuck Scallops. Few of us have gotten to know the whole scallop -- the scallop with the hard exterior and little boot, the scallop that needs just a bit of cajoling to come out of its large, fortified shell.
Q&A With Diana Yen, Author Of 'A Simple Feast', And A Recipe For Raspberry Eton Mess. Her preference for healthy light meals is a result of spending days testing new dishes.
5 Surprising Things You Can Do with Vinegar. Dig out the vinegar and try some of these life-altering vinegar uses. Not only will your house sparkle like new, but you'll be avoiding bringing harsh chemicals in your home.
We're Lovin' It. From a plane to a train to a UFO, McDonald's has some impressive fast-food structures.
It's Free Slurpee Day At 7-Eleven!. Because, you know, it's 7/11.
Chefs Reveal Their Favorite Foods To Grill... Other Than Burgers. Occasionally you've got to up the ante a bit and try something new.
Actual Proof That (Some) Celebrities Know How to Drink. 
The 7 Most Awesome Shots Ever Taken In Movies. Have you ever successfully knocked back a shooter with a live scorpion on your hand?
This New England Ice Cream Stand Is Proof That America's Work Ethic Endures. Working a dairy farm is not all fresh milk and ice cream cones.
A Trick For Juicing Citrus. You deserve 10 citrus desserts for being so efficient.
Take A Look At The Magic Of New England's Ice Cream Stands. Nothing says New England like an old-fashioned ice cream stand.
8 Easy Summer Recipes You'll Make Over and Over Again. 
The World's Best Cities for Pizza. In order to assemble our ranking of the world's best cities for pizza, we took a look at major cities throughout the world, especially ones that attracted lots of Italian immigrants, and sized up their pizza scene.
A Kitchy Kitchen Recipe. I can't paint my own speedboating bear, but I can express my patriotism in the best way I know how. Courage? Fidelity? Fighting for justice? Pursuing freedom for all? Impacting those around me for the greater good with my creativity and tenacity? The answer is obviously Flag Cake.
5 Burger Stats That Will Blow Your Mind. It's a fact
The Best Thing About Summer. This is such a versatile meal that easily feeds a crowd -- and if you have a pot large enough, you can double or triple this meal.
Joan Nathan's Chosen Red, White, And Blue Fruit Crisp. You'll be hard-pressed to find a dessert more patriotic -- or delicious -- to enjoy as fireworks light the sky.
Cooking Off The Cuff. Could I have done all these things with store-bought ricotta and, say, buttermilk? Yep. Would I? Not in the space of two weeks, that's for sure.
Nirvana In East Austin. Even before the food arrived, our levels of bliss were skyrocketing and the locally sourced creations reinforced our happiness.
Chef Pink's Bacon and Brine Is Mighty Fine. 
How To Make A Flag Cake For The Fourth Of July. This patriotic cake requires a little extra effort (you do need to bake five cakes). But after that, it's as simple as cutting circles.
Is New Haven The Best Pizza Town In The Country?. A pizza culture that rivals those of Chicago and New York has been developing on the sleepy Southern Connecticut coast.
Fast-Food Restaurants We Wish Were In The U.S.. Diners can likely find fast-food chains almost anywhere in the world these days.
8 Easy and Fun Summer Recipes to Make With Kids. This quick bread makes a perfect afternoon snack
Things You Didn't Know You Could Grill. Have you ever thought of grilling cheese? Not cheese sprinkled on top of bread, but actual cheese.
Foods That Are Better Outside the U.S.. Though it is often a point of contention, many argue that the overseas version is simply a lot better than its American counterpart.
Rum, White and Blue. Every July 4th, you hear a whole lot about American whiskey, and with good reason -- drinking bourbon and rye from the good ol' US-of-A is a pretty terrific way of celebrating our independence from the gin-guzzling Brits.
6 New England-Style Recipes for 4th of July. 
How To Make Blueberry Crisp For The Best Summer BBQ. Warm out of the oven with a spoonful of homemade whipped cream? It's seriously one of my favorite desserts.
The Most American Foods Ever. You might be surprised to find out the origin of some of these American classics.
Upgrade Your Chicken Salad, Never Look Back. Don't you dare try to tell us chicken salad is boring.
8 Authentic Mexican Dishes You Typically Won't Find Stateside. A lot of these dishes are completely foreign to folks down in Mexico, who gorge themselves on a different smorgasbord of cheesy, tortilla-wrapped delights.
Day 2. Glistening in the sun, the river reflects much needed light the berries need in order to thrive in such a temperamental climate.
How To Make Parmesan Broth, Plus 6 Ways To Use It. Turning your Parmesan rinds into a rich, cheesy broth is the best way to get the most bang out of your aged, funky, Italian buck.
The Most Bizarre Fast-Food Menu Items Of All Time. We're not exactly sure why these chains feel so compelled to release such outrageously insane offerings, but hey, good for them.
From Cocktails to Dessert. You've invited friends over for dinner, now you've got to decide what to cook. Try this easy and foolproof Mediterranean-style menu. All of the dishes are crowd-pleasers and you can make most of them ahead of time.
Cooked Sushi? Dumb Things People Do At Restaurants. Sometimes people do dumb things that really annoy the wait staff.
6 Summer Salads You'll Actually Crave. With black beans, sweet corn, crisp bell peppers and creamy avocado, this is one of those crowd-pleasing, make-ahead recipes that everyone loves.
The World's Coolest Starbucks. With innovative design, unique architecture that fits within the city's landscape and unusual concepts, these are the Starbucks worth visiting.
10 Summer Vegetarian Mains You Must Make. Why cook meat when summer produce is this good?
9 S'mores Makers That Make Us Yearn For A Campfire. Did everyone just decide they never want to go outside again?
Nobody Eats And Drinks Better Than Wisconsin. By now, news has probably reached your corner of the nation
How To Make Strawberry Shortcake Ice Cream Pops At Home. Pay no mind to the jingle of the ice cream truck -- we're satisfying our strawberry shortcake ice cream cravings at home.
Eating Like an Idiot for a Weekend in San Francisco. When it came to deciding the weekend birthday destination there really wasn't much debate. It would be San Francisco, an unparalleled carbohydrate sanctuary, and, more specifically, home to sublime sourdough bread.
Ben & Jerry's Has Two New Flavors, And They're Obviously Awesome. These are the ice cream flavors you want to try this summer.
How To Make PB&J Popsicles. Despite their less than perfect look, the peanut butter and blackberry combo was the bigger hit.
Summer's Top 10 Food Pit Stops In America. Are you planning on stopping here this summer?
Why (People Still Think) Vegan Food Sucks. Veganism isn't just another annoying dietary fad; in fact, it's well documented that a plant-based diet is nutritionally appropriate and can even benefit human health.
17 Ways To Celebrate National Candy Month. June is National Candy Month, which means all the more reason to indulge in your favorite guilty pleasure.
The Definitive Crumble-Crisp-Cobbler-Buckle + Ice Cream Pairings. Got a bunch of summer fruits lying around?
Afghan Cooking Comes Home. Nawida Saidhosin promised we'd get to hear her love story. But first, we'd need to prepare the three dishes on our cooking class menu.
6 Easy Ways To Annoy A Chef In The Kitchen. I don't want to brag, but in the past few months I think I have really mastered the art of annoying my executive chef/husband in the kitchen.
Amazing Retro Soda Fountains Across America. So what happened to those soda fountains of old?
The Best Way to Cook Bacon (For Dad). We are trying to help you cook bacon better. Because as glorious as cooking bacon on the stove can be, it's also a mess.
This Is The Coolest Dessert We've Ever Seen. Sure this also sort of looks like a breast implant, but if it's tasty -- we're down.
Starbucks' New La Boulange Isn't Fast-Casual, But 'Slow-Chic'. Duck confit and Edison bulbs?!
Father's Day Dinner. This meal must be eaten outdoors, and surrounded by as much lush greenery as your little patch of the world allows and that's a fact.
10 BBQ Meccas To Visit Before You Die. If you consider yourself a supporter of the barbecue arts, these are the places you've gotta try before you die (in no particular order).
The Perfect Father's Day Meal.. With Chimichurri. I raise my glass to the brave fathers who take on the role of family asador (barbecue master).
This Recipe Will Satisfy Your Taste Buds Pho' Sure. The rich intense taste of a good steamy soup is what gives pho that magic touch.
Infuriated Cheese Lovers Prompt FDA To Reverse Cheese Ban. You guys, we #Savedthecheese with these AWESOME tweets.
Cooking Off The Cuff. This is a big annual event for Jackie and me, and our first pea-season dinner is usually... peas.
8 Foods That Aren't What They Seem. WARNING
5 Steps to Grilling Any Steak for Dad this Weekend. 
FINALLY, A Guide To Making The Best Cup Of Coffee At Home. Professional coffee IN YOUR HOME.
$8 Ice Cubes Exist, While People Are Starving In Africa. You can tell a lot about a person by the quality of their ice.
A Definitive Guide To All The Berries You Want To Eat This Summer. Go way beyond strawberries and blueberries this summer.
This Father's Day, Get Dad the Good Stuff. Cognac is also classy, complex, contemplative -- like Dad himself, if you're lucky, at least in his finer moments. Bestowing a good bottle for Father's Day shows how highly you think of him, and not for nothin', it makes you look pretty damn good yourself.
How To Quit Your Banking Job And Find Happiness As A Chef. Good things come in unexpected packages.
10 Father's Day Gifts Every Dad Wants -- That Won't Break The Bank!. Father's day is just around the corner, and for most dads that means another tie to add to the collection, more golf knick-knacks or new BBQ utensils. Sigh.
My Favorite Iced Coffee. Icy and refreshing, this coffee is perfect on a hot day.
7 Zucchini Recipes You'll Make All Summer Long. Whether you're in the mood for healthy soup, a savory summer side or a sweet snack, these zucchini recipes have you covered.
10 Foolproof Ways to Know When Your Meat Is Cooked. 
Delicious Creepy Crawly Snacks Around The World. Our six-legged neighbors could solve the problems of growing poverty.
Malbec + Cabernet Sauvigon = Elegance. 
Serving Drinks For A Crowd. Get yourself a very long-stemmed spoon to reach into any size vessel.
The Moon And Stars Watch Over The Wines Of Avignonesi. The sun, moon and stars shine over the vineyards of Avignonesi as they do everywhere else in Tuscany.
School Lunch Project. Who doesn't want their kid to eat more vegetables?
Day 1. The grapes are handpicked, and all of Weingut Konig's red wines are produced using traditional mash fermentation, then aged in wooden barrels. The majority of the wines (98 percent) are dry.
Family Style. This is what curators like to call \social practice\ art -- that is, people doing everyday things in collaboration with an art gallery or museum.
How Frozen Yogurt Is Slowly But Surely Taking Over New York City. This tumblr is dedicated to froyo-shaming NYC, and we're in LOVE.
World's Best Ice Cream Parlors. Competition was fierce. But we have the scoop on the best parlors to satisfy your creamy cravings around the globe, and we're confident these parlors will live up to all your expectations.
Foods You Had No Idea Were Named After People. Whenever a new food item is invented or discovered, it needs to be named. Some people, if they're feeling scientific, go with a variation of a Latin origin. More literal-minded folks just name it whatever's closest to what the product is (see \meatloaf.\)
Sweet Spicy Carrot Ginger Soup. This soup is incredibly easy to make. Simply saut\u00e9 the onion, carrots, garlic, and ginger with the spices, toss it all in a blender with the rest of the ingredients and blend until creamy bliss results. The warm ginger and spices bring a little heat and intrigue to the soup.
America's Best Delis. There are few things better than an iconic American delicatessen.
How To Skin Nuts. Nuts are pretty comfortable in their own skin, but we can help you to do a bit of cajoling to get them out.
Cheerios Protein Are Made With Lentils, But Do They Taste Like It?. We wanted to know if they would taste like dal.
Maya Angelou Was Also A Poet In The Kitchen. What fewer know about Angelou, who died yesterday at the age of 86, is that she was a passionate -- and acclaimed -- cook.
A  Personal Journey to Eonian Wine. 
Simple Greek. Diane Kochilas of Molyvos gives her advice for cooking Greek food -- such as ingredients like olives, oregano, fennel, feta cheese and citrus -- and then she showcases a traditional recipe from Lesvos, baked sardines. She shows us how to make baked sardines and explains why it is such an essential dish for Greece.
Who Are These Ladies And How Are They Rocking the World Of German Craft Beer?. Their craft beers are as un-girly as you can imagine.
How To Make A Spicy Kale Salad. This salad is all about balance.
This Chocolate Stout Pie Is Worth A Trip To Michigan. 
It's Pimm's O'Clock Somewhere. Anyone for a Pimm's?
15 People You'll See At The Ice Cream Shop This Summer. Ice cream season has officially arrived! Here's who you need to look out for.
A Vegan Quickbread With Dates And Walnuts. Forget what you think you know about vegan baked goods -- this quickbread is a game-changer.
Must-Try Delicious Pies From Around The World. Regardless of what kind of pie you're eating, the pastry treat itself has a very long and practical history.
How To Make A Grilled Caesar Salad. Who needs to cook lettuce, when it's so good cold and crispy?
The Companies That Produce 90 Percent of Our Food. Quick, what do Hot Pockets and Alpo have in common?
Tarantula Tempura. 
How to Make Mascarpone. Skip the grocery store -- this spring, we're making our mascarpone at home.
Tzatziki Sauce. Barbecue season is here and with a cool tzatziki sauce, your grilled meat will taste even better.
How To Make Salt-Roasted Fish With Spicy Orange Salsa. This is a cooking technique beloved by fishermen, and now me, because of its ease and foolproof-ness.
Sabra Wants The Government To Ban Black Bean Hummus. How one HuffPost reporter's dad's motto could change the law.
The 33 Best Cocktail Bars In The Country. We're not aiming for the new, hot ones (though some are on here) -- just strictly the best places to get delicious cocktails.
Yelp Is About To Get Even More Annoying. Food photos just graduated to video, and we're not excited.
The Case For Tipping And (Gasp!) Against It. I like to tip. I really do. I go out of my way to leave big ones for baristas, bartenders, and waiters who've earned something extra. I just don't understand why I have to. If \gratuity\ is required, is it really gratuity?
Buvette's Boiled Eggs With Seasoned Salt. This idea was inspired by the Italian Easter tradition of wrapping chocolate eggs in colorful paper with a surprise inside.
What Is Kimchi?. Kimchi can be intimidating for the uninitiated, but for Koreans it's the ultimate staple. To get the scoop on understanding kimchi we had Joo walk us through all the steps of how it is made, what types of vegetables are used for kimchi and what to pair it with.
5 Weeknight Dinners Your Family Will Love. Grilled Thai chicken with coconut peanut sauce is a crowd pleaser for all ages. It's the sauce that makes it so good. In fact, you will be tempted to forget the chicken entirely and just have the sauce as soup!
6 Foods That Will Add More Umami to Dinner. 
4 Great Wines to Buy in Argentina. 
How To Make Grits Without A Recipe. Grits, much like porridge, are the ultimate comfort food. Most Southerners love grits, and I am no exception.
11 Smoothies To Get You In Shape For Summer. Dust off your blender and get to work.
Cooking Off The Cuff. Put it in the oven for a few minutes and you've got the kind of baked pasta that everyone adores.
The Science Behind Coffee Rings. Why do coffee stains always form a ring?
The Newest Cronuts\u2122 Are So Special They'll Only Be Around For One Day. We're witnessing the pinnacle of food hype, right here.
How To Make Lo Mein Lettuce Wraps. I've become a fan of recreating our favorite dishes with ingredients everyone will love.
All About Dulce De Leche -- And How To Make It. Learn how to make addictive, spreadable dulce de leche with only milk, sugar, and time.
Unusual Starbucks Frappuccino Flavors Around the World. It's almost Frappuccino time again -- the weather starts warming and in comes the slew of flavored, iced coffee concoctions drizzled with syrup. All across the world, Starbucks outlets are getting creative with what they put in this delicious frozen coffee drink.
The Most Expensive Cocktails In The World. Would you spend $12,040 on a drink?
Sacred Space in an Unlikely Place. 
Shrimp Lovers Unite. 
14 Things You Didn't Know About Trader Joe's. We're here to shed a little light on that Tiki-themed hero that is Trader Joe.
From The Philippines To Australia, A Gorgeous Look At BBQ Around The World. From biltong strips at a South African braii, to galbi at All-You-Can-Eat Korean Barbecue.
Why Toothpicks are the Best Cake Testers. 
This Month in Booze. At this point of the year, we're generally dreaming about margaritas and G&Ts (and mint juleps, of course, during the Kentucky Derby). But it seems that brown spirits are going to continue to have their year.
29 Must-Have Ballpark Foods. Here are a few bites from each of our country's great stadiums.
15 Shockingly Simple Food Substitutions and Swaps. 
Picky Eaters Are Made, Not Born. 
These Are The 21 Best Tequila Bars In America. Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Aaron Sanchez. Cinco de Mayo is more than an excuse to drink margaritas.
8 Easy Suggestions for Perfect Brining. Believe it or not, brining is a hotly debated topic. (Does the barbecue world ever agree on anything?) Some people swear by it, while others scoff at the effort and time it can take (as little as 15 minutes or as long as several weeks).
Easy and Delicious Homemade Salad Dressings. Making salad dressings at home is easy, and nothing compares to the taste of fresh herbs mixed with good olive oil and bright citrus. Light vinaigrettes are easy to make with just a few ingredients on hand.
5 Of America's Best Brunch Spots. Not only is it a celebration of the leisurely weekend afternoon, it's a time to get together with friends, shake off the events of the night before and consume far more calories (in both food and alcohol form) than should be socially acceptable.
Kickstarter Gets Saucey. 
2014 Is The Year Of The Sheet Cake. FINALLY.
The Documentary To Watch If You Love Russ & Daughters. Watch the charming trailer for this film, and then promptly go get a bagel with lox and cream cheese.
A Hi-Tech Veggie Burger So Good, It'll Convert Meat Eaters. Say good-bye to soggy, fall-apart black bean burgers.
8 Alternatives To That Thing You Buy Your Mom Every Year. 
8 Festive Recipes For Cinco De Mayo. We never need much of a reason for a fiesta.
Cooking Off The Cuff. This isn't clever plating; it happens automatically when some of the sauce slides over the rice. Looks great, doesn't it?
Bourbons For Derby Day! Tequilas for Cinco De Mayo!. There's more to life than tequila and bourbon, even on Cinco de Derby weekend. And on May 6, when you're margarita'd and mint julep'd out and are looking for a change of pace, you'll thank me.
This Just Might Be The Best Bacon, Egg & Cheese Breakfast Sandwich Ever. 
25 Things Every Man Should Be Able to Do in the Kitchen. Your name might not be Jamie Oliver, but it takes a lot less than you think to become a master chef in your own kitchen.
A Tale Of Two Cornmeals. It was the best of corn, it was the cheapest of corn.
America's Best Italian Restaurants. What makes a great Italian restaurant anyway? For some it may be the antipasti. For others some combination of how good the wines and pastas are. Holding up one dish is dangerous. Octopus? Lasagna? Cacio e pepe?
Personal Apple Pie Cups For When You Don't Want To Share. Every spoonful is packed with the flavors of salty pecan, honey apple and sugary sweet whipped cream.
You'll Never Believe What People Put On Pizza Around The World. What strange toppings would you put on your pizza? Prawns? Crocodile? Kangaroo?
This Duck Confit Cinnamon Roll is the Most Decadent Way to Kill Your Hangover. 
Cooking Off the Cuff. Here's a pretty much season-neutral sauce that I've served with fish and with slow-roasted vegetables.
The Best Poutine Food Porn EVER. This is serious, people.
Healthier Peanut Butter Cookies. Personally, I don't even like going a day without dessert, let alone a year. Enter Healthy Peanut Butter Cookies.
Frost Your Own Beer Glass In Record Time. Drinking beer at home may never be the same.
One Batch Of Breadcrumbs, 5 Dinners. Put time into dinner now, and you can make it last forever -- or at least the whole week.
How Are Scallops Caught?. 
5 Must-Try International Takes On Macaroni & Cheese. Of course, not all macaroni and cheese is made alike.
The Most Bizarre Canned Foods From Around The World. There are plenty of foods that have no business being in a can.
Tips for Buying the Best Lamb. 
The Answers To Every Question You've Never Asked About Marshmallow Peeps. Do you love 'em or hate 'em?
Margarita Fanatics, We've Got Your Swag. If Jimmy Buffet's Margaritaville is your happy place, this stuff's for you.
Daniel Boulud Awards Scholarship to C-CAP Alum. 
Easter Cheese Crescia. I collected this recipe from scraps found in my grandma's old notebook, which had been buried in a closet for several years.
Five Tips For Cooking For One. I often hear people describe cooking for one as depressing, and, while I usually nod sympathetically, I have almost never found that to be the case.
