Facebook Accused Of Reading Texts And Accessing Microphones In Lawsuit A failed startup suggested that Facebook mounted what could be described as mass surveillance.
Self-Driving Uber In Fatal Accident Had 6 Seconds To React Before Crash The NTSB published a preliminary report on the incident Thursday.
Instagram Is Adding A 'Mute' Button For The Sake Of Your Sanity And no one will know when you use it.
Cambridge Analytica Files For Chapter 7 Bankruptcy After Facebook Privacy Row The firm at the center of the Facebook data hack made the decision after suffering a sharp drop in business.
Why Isn't There A Birth Control Emoji? Two women decided it was time to have one.
Facebook Removed More Than 500 Million Fake Accounts In First Quarter Of 2018 Facebook's first community standards enforcement report shows the company is \trying to be as open as we can,\u201d an executive said.
Tesla Autopilot Was Engaged During Horrific 60 MPH Crash, Driver Tells Police Tesla CEO Elon Musk tweeted that it's amazing the driver wasn't more seriously injured.
Facebook Suspends 200 Apps Amid Data Misuse Investigation The investigation was launched in response to the Cambridge Analytica scandal.
Keyless Cars Have Killed More Than 2 Dozen People Since 2006 Drivers have succumbed to carbon monoxide poisoning after forgetting to turn off a vehicle in their garage.
Possible Autopilot Use Probed After Tesla Crashes At 60 MPH It's not yet known if the autopilot was engaged. The car's driver suffered a broken ankle.
Boston Dynamics' 'Robot Dog' May Be Available For Sale Soon Super cool, or bone chilling?
Jet Just Launched Its Own Apple Store With Some Incredible Deals If you\u2019re on a time crunch to find a perfect Mother\u2019s Day gift that\u2019ll still arrive on time, it\u2019s your lucky day. Amazon
Software In Fatal Uber Crash Reportedly Recognized Woman, Then Ignored Her The first-of-its-kind accident killed a pedestrian in Arizona earlier this year.
Twitter Warns Users To Change All Their Passwords After Finding Bug An \u201cinternal defect\u201d led users\u2019 account passwords to be stored in an internal log, the company said.
Alexa Can Remember Birthdays And Other Things For You Now Last week at a conference in France, Amazon\u00a0announced a new Alexa feature\u00a0that makes it possible to use the smart assistant
Apple Watch Credited With Saving New York Man's Life The device alerted him to an alarmingly fast heart rate.
Facebook Will Let Users See Which Sites Are Tracking Them You'll be able to stop Facebook from linking browsing data with your account.
Facebook Investigates Claim That Employee Used 'Privileged Access' To Stalk Women A Facebook engineer was fired after allegedly self-identifying as a \professional stalker\ and telling a woman on Tinder that she was \hard to find.\
Facebook Gets Into The Online Dating Business Facebook\u00a0(FB)\u00a0wants to help get you \u2026 into a long-term relationship. That\u2019s according to CEO Mark Zuckerberg, who announced
Facebook Bug Asks Users If Puppies And Bahamas Vacations Are Hate Speech A glitch on Tuesday morning led Facebook to question everything posted on the site.
WhatsApp Co-Founder To Leave Company Amid Disagreements With Facebook Jan Koum reportedly differed with WhatsApp's corporate parent over encryption and user privacy.
From Cursing To Murder, Facebook Opens Up About The Site's 'Community Standards' For years, Facebook had \u201ccommunity standards\u201d for what people can post, but only a relatively brief and general version was publicly available.
Professor Who Sold Facebook Data To Cambridge Analytica 'Sincerely Sorry' Aleksandr Kogan said he assumed people were aware that their data was being taken, but just didn't care.
Facebook's Tracking Of Non-Users Sparks Broader Privacy Concerns CEO Mark Zuckerberg said that, for security reasons, the company collects \u201cdata of people who have not signed up for Facebook.\u201d
Some Criminals Have A \u2018Right To Be Forgotten\u2019 On Google, UK High Court Rules A London judge says Google must scrub search results related to one man\u2019s prior criminal conviction \u2014 but not for another man.
Uber Is Adding A Panic Button, 3 Years After Rolling One Out In India The app company also says it will run more background checks on its drivers.
Instagram Rolls Out Focus Feature That Rivals iPhone Portrait Mode The new feature works on some Android devices and on Apple phones back to the iPhone 6s.
Facebook To Begin Letting Users Know If Their Data Was Harvested By Cambridge Analytica The social media giant admitted that up to 87 million users may have been affected.
Sears, Delta Air Lines Say Customers' Payment Info May Have Been Exposed The incident happened on or after Sept. 26, 2017 and was found and resolved on Oct. 12.
Facebook Is Adding Privacy Wording To Its Policies And Wants Your Feedback The company acknowledged last month that a privacy mishap had affected 50 million users.
Explosive Facebook Memo Defended Company's Strategy, Even If It Got People Killed \u201cWe connect people. Period. That\u2019s why all the work we do in growth is justified,\ an executive wrote in 2016.
Facebook Employees Are Outraged About -- Wait For It -- Their Own Online Privacy The company's reaction to a leaked internal memo shows a shocking lack of self-awareness.
Facebook Still Allows Discriminatory Housing Ads, Despite Pledge To Crack Down Landlords using the platform's ad technology can exclude women and families with children from viewing rental ads, according to the complaint.
Elon Musk Pulls Tesla, SpaceX Facebook Pages In Nod To #DeleteFacebook He also deleted his personal profile.
WhatsApp Co-Founder Says People Should Delete Facebook Facebook bought WhatsApp for $19 billion in 2014.
Can You Really Protect Your Privacy On Facebook? Why it might be time for some digital spring cleaning.
Equifax Says Another 2.4 Million Customers Hit By Data Breach In 2017 The company's shares were down 2 percent on Thursday.
Wondering What Vero Is? Here's A Primer. The ad-free, privacy-oriented Instagram competitor exploded in popularity this week.
Re-Introducing The Flipside One story. Many perspectives.
Snapchat's Value Drops $1.3 Billion After 1 Kylie Jenner Tweet But she's not the only one getting snippy at Snapchat.
Instagram May Start Ratting On You If You Screenshot Someone's Story This is Insta-tattling, plain and simple.
Winter Olympics Organizers Probe Possible Cyberattack On Opening Ceremony Day All competitions are running as planned as officials continue to investigate a disruption of non-critical systems.
Google Kicks Off Winter Olympics With Vibrant 'Snow Games' Doodle Who knew dogs could ski-jump?
Facebook Reportedly Beta-Testing 'Downvote' Button Selected users now have the option to flag posts to Facebook.
Elon Musk Says He's Sold 10,000 Flamethrowers Through His Boring Co. Website \u201cWorld\u2019s safest flamethrower!\u201d
Facebook Pledges To Add More Local News To Newsfeeds \People who know what\u2019s happening around them are more likely to get involved and help make a difference,\ said CEO Mark Zuckerberg.
ATM Makers Issue Warning About Cyber Criminals Targeting Cash Machines A confidential U.S. Secret Service alert sent to banks said the hackers targeted stand-alone ATMs typically located in pharmacies, big box retailers and drive-thru ATMs.
'Trap Adventure 2' Might Be The Most Infuriatingly Difficult Game Ever If you like chucking your phone across the room, this is the game for you.
Montana Becomes First State To Set Its Own Net Neutrality Rules \We can't wait for folks in Washington to come to their senses,\ says Montana Gov. Steve Bullock.
Watch As A Drone Saves Two Teen Swimmers From Heavy Surf In Australia \Never before has a drone fitted with a flotation device been used to rescue swimmers like this.\
YouTube's 'Open Letter' About Logan Paul Isn't Very Open At All YouTube didn't address what penalties Paul might face for his controversial video showing a dead body.
Former Google Engineer Suing Company Over Perceived Discrimination Against White Men The writer of a controversial Google memo is accusing the company of silencing conservative viewpoints.
Investors Urge Apple To Tackle \u2018Growing\u2019 Evidence Of Device Addiction In Kids \There is no good reason why you should not address this issue proactively,\ the shareholders wrote.
Apple Eyes Fix For Chip Flaw Leaving Consumers Without Secure Web Browsing With Safari and virtually all other popular browsers not patched, hundreds of millions of iPhone and iPad users may not have secure means of web browsing until Apple issues its patch.
Silicon Valley's Problematic Sex Parties On Blast In Upcoming Book \You\u2019re damned if you do, damned if you don\u2019t,\ one woman said of attending these secret gatherings.
2017 Was The Year Of Hacks. 2018 Probably Won't Be Better. Remembering Equifax, Uber and all the other data breaches of the last year.
Spend Winter Curled Up With Your Favorite On-Sale Movies And Shows The sale starts Dec. 29.
The Bitcoin Hoax We should hardly be surprised that Bitcoin is on a wild speculative ride\u2014that\u2019s the essence of privatized credit creation.
Apple Confirms It Slows Down Old iPhones As Their Batteries Age But only in certain circumstances.
Facebook Is The Enemy Now The tech giant has proven time and again that it doesn\u2019t deserve our trust.
Genius Hack Shows How To Use Amazon Prime Now To Help The Homeless A heartwarming video perfectly captures the spirit of the season.
Being A Facebook Wallflower Isn't Good For You, The Social Site Says That's why everyone has to start posting, the company argues in a blog post.
What The End Of Net Neutrality Means For Native Communities The divide just got a LOT bigger.
Woman In China Says Colleague\u2019s Face Was Able To Unlock Her iPhone X It could also be cheeky passcode training, an Apple spokesman says.
Apple To Buy Shazam Amid Rumors It Will Phase Out iTunes Downloads Apple says the rumors aren't true.
Privacy Battle Brewing In 2016 LinkNYC began deploying free public Wi-Fi kiosks throughout the city. The kiosks made news when people began using
Amazon Has 12 Amazing Days Of Deals That You Don't Want To Miss If you\u2019re still looking for gift inspiration, these 12 days have got you covered
Meet The Man Who Temporarily Deleted Trump's Twitter Account The former employee who had shut down The Donald for 11 minutes says he loves Twitter and America.
Facebook Says It's Getting Pretty Good At Filtering Out Terrorists And it's working with other companies to scrub the internet of recruitment propaganda.
10 Of The Best Cyber Monday TV Deals You'll Actually Want To Shop \ud83d\udcfa\ud83d\udcfa\ud83d\udcfa
Elon Musk's Tweet Gives Creepy Insight Into Future Of Humanoid Robots \In a few years, that bot will move so fast you\u2019ll need a strobe light to see it. Sweet dreams\u2026\
Justin Trudeau, Other World Leaders Praise Net Neutrality Ahead Of FCC's Planned Repeal Scrapping current regulations \u201cdoes not make sense,\ the Canadian prime minister said Wednesday.
Amazon Launches 'Secret' Cloud Service For Intelligence Agencies Amazon Web Services Secret Region expands after some troubling cloud security screwups.
Apple Black Friday Deals That Are Actually Worth Your Time And Money The wait is over.
Here's How To Get Free 2-Day Shipping On Your Black Friday Purchases Move over, Amazon \ud83d\udc4b
Here's Where To Get The Best Black Friday Deal On An XBox One For hobbyist gamers, the Xbox One S is a wallet-friendly choice \ud83c\udfae
Amazon Just Released A Sneak Peek At Its Black Friday Deals \ud83d\udd0d\ud83d\udc40
15 Black Friday Laptop Deals Actually Worth Your Time And Money There\u2019s something on sale for every type of user \ud83d\udcbb
Lack Of Diversity In Tech Makes It Difficult To Override Russian Fake News The outrage over Russian manipulation of social media platforms like Facebook, Google and Twitter during the 2016 election
Company Blames Secret Intimate Recordings By Sex Toy On 'Minor Bug' Vibrator app wasn't directed to eavesdrop.
Twitter 'Verifies' Jason Kessler, Organizer Of Charlottesville White Supremacist Rally In response to the backlash, Twitter paused its verification process, saying it needs to reconsider a broken system.
The Fakebook Inside Facebook This post first appeared at BillMoyers.com. Beginning in 2004, Mark Zuckerberg and his companions made a historic contribution
As Puerto Rico Struggles In Darkness, Tesla Brings Light To Children\u2019s Hospital In San Juan The company is making quick work of its promise to help restore power to the hurricane-ravaged island.
Amazon To Sell Smart Locks So It Can Slip Packages Into Your Home The move signals Amazon\u2019s ambitions in the growing market for home security devices.
Silicon Valley Veteran Says Tech Giants 'More Powerful Than AT&T Ever Was' \u201cWe have more and more concentrated power and wealth,\ Sam Altman said.
How A New Technology Could Help Find The Next Harvey Weinstein Callisto has already empowered survivors on college campuses, but people want to see it expand to Hollywood and tech.
What To Do If You Think An Online Account Has Been Hacked Fortunately, you can take action in the face of digital vandalism.
Sheryl Sandberg Facebook owes America an apology, she said.
Adults Must Teach Kids To Use,  Not Be Used By, Social Media I was an archetypical progressive educator, respecting the autonomy of students and empowering them to follow their passions
AOL Instant Messenger To Sign Off Forever After 20 Years TTY never, AIM :'(
We Should Make AI And Blockchain Boost Global Trade It is time to build an intelligent tech and trade initiative.
The 7 Problems With Our Phones We are addicted to our phones not because we rely on them, but to the extent that we recruit them to a harmful project of self-avoidance.
Does The World Need A \u2018Marshall Plan\u2019 For Technology? Investing in global infrastructure should include fast and secure digital connectivity The idea of economic planning dominated
Facebook Tightens Rules On Who Can Cash In On Ads The social network is responding to criticism that it is too simple for providers of fake news and sensational headlines to cash in.
Apple Launches iPhone X With Edge-To-Edge Display The phone features wireless charging, an infrared camera and special hardware for facial recognition.
Women In Tech I was able to sit down with Wendy Lea, CEO of Cintrifuse, and talk about her career, and the question how tech can be more
If You Are Worried About 'Hacked' Democracy, Quit Facebook You\u2019ll help weaken its business model, which is the most impact you can have.
Using Twitter To Save A Newborn From A Flood Social media provided stranded people with a digital megaphone that could be carried far beyond Harvey\u2019s path.
Uber Reportedly Picks Dara Khosrowshahi As New CEO Dara Khosrowshahi faces a daunting task.
Google Cancels 'Town Hall' On Gender Dispute Over Fears Of Online Harassment By Far-Right The company-wide meeting was slated to discuss the controversy over a memo opposing diversity policies.
Fired Google Engineer Blames Diversity Zealots For His Dismissal James Damore's Wall Street Journal essay decries \public shaming.\
Former Google Engineer James Damore Takes Refuge Among The Alt-Right For a man who\u2019s claimed he values \u201cdiversity and inclusion,\u201d these are some very odd bedfellows.
Google Employee's Anti-Diversity Memo Prompts Company Rebuke The memo stoked the heated debate over treatment of women in the male-dominated Silicon Valley.
Computer Science Isn't Just A Boys Club Anymore Computer science is a world where women are disproportionately represented. This leads to a gender bias in the way our technology
Girl Power The stats on remote working are hard to ignore. From increasing productivity to using less \u201csick time\u201d, remote working has
Is AR Apple's Next Act? Take a deep breath. Ten years \u2015 that\u2019s how long it\u2019s been since the first iPhone arrived. It launched a new era, a juggernaut
The One Essential Phone Accessory You're Missing You won't know how your phone lived without it for so long.
Why Air Travel Still Sucks What if I told you we haven\u2019t seen a genuine innovation to commercial flight in over 60 years? The Boeing 707 of the 1950s
How In The World Does Venmo Make Money? The feature that sets Venmo apart is the social feed, which brings transparency to a class of transactions that used to be entirely private.
RIP, MS Paint Microsoft declared its beloved graphics program \deprecated\ and said updates will cease this year.
All My Friends Are Having Babies, Meanwhile I Did A Newborn Photoshoot With A Twist As I moved into my late 20s, my Facebook feeds started to morph. One by one, my friends posted their exciting pregnancy announcements
Trademarks Show Amazon Has Sights On Meal-Kits, 'Single Cow Burgers' And Other Fast Food Options By Ingrid Lunden Amazon has made no secret of its ambitions to expand into more fresh food services, from its own, homegrown
Ashton Kutcher Illustrates Perfectly Why There\u2019s Gender Bias In Tech The actor-investor posted a tone-deaf list of questions about women and investing. The first one
Tim Cook's July Fourth Tweet Has A Not-So-Subtle Message Crystal clear.
Here's What New York City's Boroughs Should Look Like If They Were Redrawn Today What happens when we abandon the century-old five borough partitioning of New York City and remap the city to reflect the realities of\u00a02017?
EU Regulators Issue Record Fine Against Google For Anti-Competitive Practices The action came after a seven-year long investigation prompted by scores of complaints from rivals.
Facebook's New Mission When company CEOs make big statements about change in mission my skeptical journalistic brain kicks in. Is this a PR move
Facebook Reportedly In Talks To Produce Original TV-Quality Shows The social networking giant has indicated that it was willing to commit to production budgets as high as $3 million per episode.
REPORT Western technology companies, including Cisco, IBM and SAP, are acceding to Moscow's demands for access to closely guarded product security secrets.
The Coolest Job You Probably Didn't Even Know Existed Who doesn\u2019t want to spend their day looking at emoji?
Google Launches Effort To Remove Terrorist And Extremist Content From YouTube The company will take a tougher position on videos containing supremacist or inflammatory religious content.
Apple Rejects New Game App Featuring 'Objectionable' Pepe The Frog Alt-right mascot doesn't make the cut for the Apple store.
Woman Plunges 6 Feet Down Open New Jersey Cellar The 67-year-old sustained serious injuries after flipping over an open access door.
Russian Malware Operation Linked To Britney Spears' Instagram Coded messages on her site were tied to the Turla hacker control server.
Poor Cybersecurity Choices Spawned Today's Current Events As former FBI Director James Comey prepares to testify before Congress this week, it is worth reflecting about how poor cybersecurity
Hate Autoplay Videos? New Mac OS Will Let You Block Them On Safari. Apple's announcement drew a cheer from the crowd at a conference Monday.
Uber Fires Self-Driving Car Chief At Center Of Court Case Anthony Levandowski is at the center of a legal battle between Uber and Waymo.
Mother Of Uber CEO Killed In Boating Accident The CEO\u2019s father was being treated at an area hospital for what was described as moderate injuries.
Researchers See Possible North Korea Link To Global Cyber Attack The attacks are among the fastest-spreading extortion campaigns on record.
The Global Cyberattack And The Need To Revisit Health Care Cybersecurity The personal health data of 30 million Americans has been compromised since 2009.
Global Cyber Attack Eases Due To One Researcher's Quick Thinking Schools and hospitals were among those targeted, and attacks ramped up this week.
Protect Your Inbox From Phishing And Other Email Attacks While we can\u2019t guarantee your safety, these precautions will certainly minimize your risk.
The Internet Of Things Needs A Code Of Ethics As is often the case, the technology has developed far faster than policies and regulations.
Massive Tinder Photo Grab Is Latest Scary Warning To Be Careful What You Post Stealth sweeper says he'll use 40,000 photos for female and male facial recognition training for artificial intelligence.
Facebook Says It Will Ramp Up Fight Against Propaganda Facebook acknowledged that it has become a battleground for governments seeking to manipulate public opinion in other countries.
UPDATE Testing on the fitness tracker found that it sustained external damage, the company said in a statement.
Encrypted Chat Took Over. Let\u2019s Encrypt Calls, Too By Lily Hay Newman for WIRED. As end-to-end encrypted messaging apps have exploded in popularity, several well-known services
The Rise Of AR Will Recreate Your Filter Bubbles In The Real World By Cade Metz for WIRED. Last week, Mark Zuckerberg unveiled what he calls the world\u2019s first augmented reality platform, a
Amazon Is Making It Easier For Companies To Track You By Adrienne LaFrance Like \u201cbig data\u201d and \u201csocial media\u201d before it, the term \u201cartificial intelligence\u201d has become so buzzworthy
Ad-Blocking Just Might Save The Ad Industry By Klint Finley for WIRED. The Coalition for Better Ads, a consortium of ad, publishing, and tech companies, wants to save
I Still Have So Many Questions About This Juicero Thing! LOL @ this IRL episode of \Silicon Valley.\
Cleveland Killing Prompts Facebook To Review Handling Of Violent Posts The accused killer's shocking video stayed online for about two hours.
5 Steps Every Victim Of Revenge Porn Should Consider Non-consensual pornography or \revenge porn\ can be eliminated right now.
Facebook Cracks Down On 30,000 Fake News Accounts Ahead of French Election The social media company is taking out full-page newspaper ads with tips for spotting untrustworthy sites.
Google Searches For 'World War 3' And 'Trump War' Hit All Time High Online searches for \going to war\ are also spiking.
Uber Targeted Rival Lyft Drivers With \Hell\ Program, Report Finds \If true, these allegations are very concerning,\ Lyft said.
Uber, Reeling From Controversies, Loses Another Executive Uber's head of communications leaves as the bad publicity piles up.
How Facebook is Responding to Fake News People want to see accurate information on Facebook and across the web. As a response, Facebook just launched a new educational
Facebook Releases New Tools To Combat Revenge Porn \It\u2019s wrong, it\u2019s hurtful, and if you report it to us, we will now use AI and image recognition to prevent it from being shared across all of our platforms.\
SpaceX Launches And Lands The First Recycled Orbital Rocket Ever It's cool because with reusable rockets, space flight could get cheaper.
Can Silicon Valley Be The Heartbeat Of Technology For Good? Will technological revolution result in a safer and better world, or a more dangerous one?
How The Rise Of Electronics Has Made Smuggling Bombs Easier By Kaveh Waddell Last February, a Somali man boarded a Daallo Airlines flight in Mogadishu, Somalia\u2019s capital. Twenty minutes
Don\u2019t Blame The Batteries For Every Lithium-Ion Explosion By Tim Moynihan for WIRED. Lithium-ion batteries have been making headlines for all the wrong reasons. The latest marquee
Yahoo Cyber Indictment Shows Kremlin, Hackers Working Hand-in-hand A U.S. intelligence official said employing criminal hackers helps \u201ccomplement Kremlin intentions and provide plausible deniability for the Russian state.\u201d
Hackers Attack High-Profile Twitter Accounts, Post Swastikas And Pro-Erdogan Content Amnesty International, Duke University and Forbes were among the verified accounts affected by the hack.
Recharging Hoverboard Blamed For Toddler's Death In Home Fire The 3-year-old girl is the first fatality in the U.S. linked to the notorious battery problem.
TechBargains Weekly Deals Welcome to TechBargains Weekly deals where they find the best deals of the week to save you time and money. Act fast as stock
Apple Has Already Patched Many Of The WikiLeaks Exploits Well, that didn't take long.
Snapchat's Marie Curie Filter Includes Makeup And People Aren't Happy \Someone should tell Snapchat that Marie Curie didn't have a smoky eye. But she did win a Nobel Prize twice.\
Hackers Shaking Down Pennsylvania Democrats and U.S. Progressive Groups Computers are infected with ransomware and attackers seek Bitcoin payoffs. Signs again point to Russia.
FCC Blocks Rules That Required Broadband Providers To Offer Better Protection Of Customers' Data Internet service providers hailed the decision. Consumer advocates objected.
Elon Musk, Before He Was Famous We know, we know, Elon Musk is basically the brilliant Bruce Wayne like billionaire the world needs right now. He is a
Twitter Inches Forward In Fight Against Abuse Sometimes Twitter eggs hatch into monsters.
Facebook Prioritizes What Makes You 'Sad' Or 'Angry' Over What You 'Like' Think before you react.
Why Automation Will Create, Not Destroy, Jobs If you have been watching political tectonics on both sides of the Atlantic, you may have noticed that analysts are increasingly
Google Doodle Celebrates Planetary Discovery In The Most Adorable Way This is exactly how we hope it happened.
UPS Is Testing Drone Deliveries, And It's Just As Cool As You'd Hope The future is here.
How Facebook Autoplay Is Triggering Vicarious Trauma On July 5th, 2016, Rashain Carriere-Williams woke up to the news that Alton Sterling, a father-of-five, was fatally shot
Shaky Dams Are Just The Start; 56,000 Bridges Are Also In Trouble Aging spans cover the nation as delayed maintenance may threaten drivers.
Ingenious Hack Turns Amazon Dash Button Into Trump-Fighting Machine This device enables you to donate to the ACLU with the push of a button.
Vizio To Pay Millions After Secretly Spying On Customers, Selling Viewer Data \Consumers didn\u2019t know that while they were watching their TVs, Vizio was watching them.\
Reddit Bans Prominent Alt-Right Community Amidst Doxxing Rumors \There is no single solution to these issues and we are actively engaging with the Reddit community to improve everyone\u2019s experience.\
This Anti-Bullying App Helps You Brighten Someone's Day In Seconds Because we could all use some good vibes right about now. \ud83d\ude0a
Google Doodle Honors Fred Korematsu, Activist Who Fought Japanese Internment His life is a reminder that what is legal isn't always the same as what's right.
How To Break Free Of Your Mobile OS Prison It\u2019s a great time to break free from the tyranny of your mobile operating system. But which one? For Seshu Kiran, it meant
Pranksters Rename Mexico's Congress As 'Chamber of Rats' On Google Maps It's the second such attack in the space of a few days.
Amazon Voice Assistant Alexa Orders Herself Some Dollhouses The voice-activated device got a little too helpful this time.
Black Teen Tortured In Idaho Didn't Get Benefit Of Facebook Live What if the abuse isn\u2019t streamed live on social media?
This App Sends Alerts When Donald Trump Tweets About Stocks You Own Introducing the \Trump trigger.\
Technology, Not Policy, Will Drive Economic Growth President-elect Donald Trump\u2019s economic growth plan has sparked debate from economists on the left and the right. Both sides
Top 10 Tech Trends Transforming Humanity Even amid a year of disheartening political news, 2016 brought a number of advancements that are changing the global tech terrain
Is Apple Near The End Of Their Run? Is Apple near the end of their run? Apple has become the number one trusted brand for computers and cell phones. People buy
Amazon\u2019s Flying Warehouse Idea Isn\u2019t Even Its Biggest Challenge Before it starts building airships, it's fighting just to get U.S. drone delivery off the ground.
The New Type Of Happiness Of 2017 Unfortunately there isn\u2019t a recipe for creating happiness, that is up to you.
One Simple Thing You Can Do To Help Create A Kinder World In The New Year Worried about the state of the world? Yeah. Me, too. I have an idea. I guarantee that if enough of us do this one thing, our
Tesla Autopilot Appears To Predict Crash Moments Before It Happens Dashcam footage shows the Tesla braking just moments before the car ahead is rammed into a guardrail.
Google Combats Holocaust-Denying Search Results With Algorithm Update The top search result for \did the Holocaust happen\ is no longer a neo-Nazi propaganda site.
Breaking Up With Apple After Living Together For 32 Years I thought we would grow old and die together.
Consumer Reports Reconsidering Low Rating For Latest MacBook Pro After Apple Issues Bug Fix Apple said a \hidden Safari setting\ caused Consumer Reports to produce inconsistent battery life test results.
Deals You Can Still Get Before Amazon's Christmas Shipping Deadline Dell XPS 8900 Intel Core i7 Quad-Core Desktop with Windows 7/10 Pro for $599.99 (List price $799.99) Use code
Uber Escalates War With Regulators Over Self-Driving Cars Uber says the California DMV doesn't understand its own rules about driverless cars.
Reducing U.S. Cyber Risk And The 45th President On December 1st, the President\u2019s Commission on Enhancing National Cybersecurity (PCENC) released their final report. The
Yahoo Downplays Its Billion-Password Security Breach In Emails To Users Yahoo probably let attackers read your password.
See How Well You Know The News With HuffPost's Headline Quiz on Google Home Calling all news junkies!
7 Last-Minute Gifts For The Budding Coder In Your Life One of the single most important skills for a young coder to grasp is logic. Computer code works through ruthless logic, so
You Can Now Save Instagram Posts For Later (Without Taking A Screen Shot) The app's new function allows you to save individual posts to a page that only you can see.
Yahoo Hack Hit More Than 1 Billion Accounts The company believes this massive attack in 2013 is separate from the hack of 500 million accounts in 2014.
How Tapping The Power Of Beer Could Make A Better Smartphone Battery Cheers to this!
Students Create Brilliant Extension That Identifies Fake News In under 36 hours, the students achieved something Facebook really needed to do.
Here's How To Find Your 9 Best Instagram Posts From 2016 You're welcome.
Passport Robot Tells Man Of Asian Descent His Eyes Are Too Closed \It was a robot, no hard feelings.\
Supreme Court Rules Samsung Won't Owe Apple $400 Million Over Patent Violations The justices sent the case back to a lower court to reassess the proper amount of damages.
Alexa and Google Home Record What You Say. But What Happens To That Data? By Tim Moynihan for WIRED. If you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home voice assistant, welcome to a life of luxurious convenience
Google Image, The Daily Stormer And Anti-Semitism Last weekend, I was preparing to submit a book manuscript to a publisher. I had met an interested editor this summer. Let\u2019s
I Don't Belong In Tech I'm trying to find my place in the place I love, and I'm constantly failing.
Sheryl Sandberg Sets Aside $100 Million In Facebook Stock To Give To Charity She's focused on female empowerment and helping people cope with grief.
Over 30 Cyber Monday Deals You Can Still Get Black Friday and Cyber Monday may be over but the deals are still going strong during Cyber Week. Retailers have extended
The Best Cyber Monday Electronics Deals Home & Kitchen Electrics
Trump Tower Gets Renamed 'Dump Tower' On Google Maps The president-elect's home was listed that way for several hours Saturday.
Reddit CEO Admits To Editing User Comments That Criticized Him Probably not a good move.
Facebook Built Censorship Tool To Appease China Expansion The social network was banned in China in 2009 as the government sought to tamp down unrest.
Best Black Friday Deals iRobot Rooma 650 Vacuum Robot for $274.99 (Orig
Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg Finally Details Fake News Countermeasures A week ago, Zuckerberg was dismissing the scourge of fake news on Facebook.
Election Shock Popped The Progressive Bubble On Facebook Some are logging off, others turn to activism.
Snapchat Files For IPO That Would Be Biggest In Years For Tech The messaging app could go public as soon as March and be valued at $20 billion to $25 billion.
WhatsApp Finally Adds Fully-Encrypted Video Calling Service The new service will provide another means for people to communicate without fear of eavesdropping.
How Digital Helped Divide Our Nation This week\u2019s election has been a deeply controversial, emotional roller coaster. It got me thinking about how we ended up
Facebook Temporarily Killed Off A Lot Of Its Users Don't worry, we're fine now.
Uber Driver In Ohio Once Welcomed You To Your AOL Account His \You've got mail!\ brightened your day (unless you, um, didn't have any new mail).
This Dell Laptop Never Worked. How About A Refund? Leslie Woz' Dell laptop is a lemon, and now it's out of warranty. Should the company honor an implied warranty? Question
Silicon Valley Is Combating Human Trafficking Human traffickers worldwide use technology to recruit, exploit, and monitor their victims. They lure victims in Internet
Facebook Warns Growth To Slow, Stock Tumbles Nevertheless, investors remain bullish on the tech juggernaut
Now You Can Buy That Thing You Liked On Instagram Scroll, stop and spend!
Netflix Is Working On Letting You Watch TV Shows, Movies Without Internet The service is looking into offering offline streaming.
Microsoft The same group is suspected of the attacks on U.S. political groups.
The Mac Startup Sound Is Gone Say it ain't so, Apple!
Facebook Has Halloween Snapchat-Like Filters For Live Video Don't just \like\ your friend's engagement photo. Send a cackling witch!
Facebook's Targeted Ads Could Be Used To Exclude Certain Races \u201cThis is horrifying. This is massively illegal.\
Twitter Kills Vine, Hates Fun The internet just became a much sadder place.
Stirring Emotions Through VR It was in late August 2015 when I found out that Visualise had won the Doctors Without Borders (MSF) Forced From Home project
Hackers Used Your Vulnerable Tech To Throttle The Internet Devices were infected to carry out a \sophisticated, highly distributed attack\ to wreak online havoc.
Here\u2019s Why Your Favorite Sites And Services Haven't Been Working Hackers co-opted web cameras and home routers in a massive attack that disrupted access to Twitter, Spotify and Netflix.
5 Pre-Black Friday Deals That Are Just As Good As The Real Thing Now's a great time to get a head start on shopping!
What Each State Wants To Learn, According To Google Autofill From \How to stop Trump?\ to \How to sell your soul?\
Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Disaster Could Spark Class Action Lawsuit The top smartphone maker had to recall millions of the Note 7s after reports of some exploding in flame.
When Is It Okay To Mine Hacked Emails? By Steven Levy for Backchannel. On June 17, 1972, Washington, D.C. police caught five men breaking into the Democratic National
Watch And Wait To See How Long Until This Samsung Phone Explodes Still waiting.
U.S. Bans Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Phones From Airplanes Exploding phones don't mix well with air travel.
Samsung Slashes Profit Forecast After Pulling Plug On Note 7 Smartphone The company has taken a $2.3 billion hit over the smartphone debacle.
Supreme Court Seems Skeptical Samsung Should Pay Apple $400 Million Over iPhone Patent The justices may allow a jury to recalculate how much the iPhone maker is really owed.
Samsung To Halt Global Sales, Exchanges Of Galaxy Note 7 \u201cConsumers with either an original Galaxy Note7 or replacement Galaxy Note7 device should power down and stop using the device,\u201d Samsung said.
Can Yahoo! Get My Lost Emails Back? Dennis Tucker's Yahoo mail is acting up again. This time, messages are missing. What's more, no one seems to care. What can
Uh Oh, One Of Samsung's Replacement Phones Caught Fire On An Airplane No one was injured in the incident.
Are We Moving Closer To Having Designer Babies? Humanity is moving from evolution by natural selection to evolution by intelligent direction at an accelerating pace.
Someone Is Impersonating My Dead Father. Why Won't Facebook Stop It? William Fee is dead but an impostor just started a Facebook account for him. Why won\u2019t Facebook remove the bogus, and hurtful
This Is What Inspired Elon Musk To Get Into The Modern Space Race It all started 15 years ago.
Runner's Magical Time-Lapse Video Captures Changing Of The Seasons Jeff Dougherty snapped 98,366 photographs for the stunning clip.
Snapchat Is Making Sunglasses With A Built-In Camera Snap the world from your perspective. \ud83d\udc7b
Instagram Has An Awesome New Drafts Feature 'Gram your drafts (seriously).
Yahoo Says At Least 500 Million Accounts Hacked In 2014 Yahoo said it was working with law enforcement on the matter.
Video Shows E-Cigarette Suddenly Explode In New Jersey Woman's Handbag \It charred every single thing, melted every single thing that I had in the bag.\
Apple Says Initial Quantities Of iPhone 7 Plus Sold Out Globally Supplies of the larger size of Apple\u2019s new phone have been exhausted in all shades, and the smaller iPhone 7 has also sold out in the new jet black color.
Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Recalled Over Battery Fires The agency said that owners of the smartphones should stop using the devices and turn them off because of the threat of a battery fire.
Instagram Is Now Letting Everyone Moderate Their Comments We'd double-tap this.
Samsung, U.S. The company issued a massive recall after reports of the phones' batteries igniting in flame.
Google\u2019s Unknown Campaign To Track the World\u2019s Hottest Startups By Davey Alba for WIRED. Google calls it Project Sand Hill. Since 2012, Suman Prasad and his team have worked with various
Florida Man Blames Samsung Galaxy Phone For Setting Jeep Ablaze The Galaxy Note 7 was recently recalled for an exploding battery, something this SUV's owner said he didn't know.
Samsung Issues Massive Recall Of Galaxy Note 7 Phones Amid Battery Fire Fears A devastating blow for what had been a revival in the firm\u2019s mobile business
Samsung Recalls Galaxy Note 7 Phones Over Exploding Battery The recall is unprecedented, and comes just weeks after the highly-anticipated phone's debut.
Tim Cook Says EU Ruling On Apple's Irish Tax Is 'Total Political Crap' European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager dismissed Cook\u2019s broadside, saying the demand for a 13 billion euro ($14.5 billion) back tax payment was based on the facts.
Explosion At SpaceX Launch Site At Cape Canaveral The explosion took place during a test firing of the Falcon 9 rocket.
EU Ax Set To Fall On Apple Apple and Ireland were accused of dodging tax rules by letting Apple shelter profits in exchange for jobs.
EU Antitrust Regulators Order Apple To Pay Ireland Up To $14.5 Billion In Taxes The massive sum was 40 times bigger than the previous known demand by the European Commission to a company in such a case.
What's The Future Of Bitcoin Mining? Bitcoin as a currency is simply one application.
Revenge Of The Pokemon The hunted becomes the hunter.
Facebook's Trending News Topics Will Now Be Automated The change comes after the social network was accused of suppressing conservative viewpoints.
Cincinnati Zoo Deletes Social Media Accounts Under Barrage Of Harambe Memes Telling the public to cool it on the memes apparently backfired.
Rare Pokemon Sparks Massive Stampede In Taiwan It's the end of the world as we know it.
3 Enlightening Charts Explain How Men Took Over Tech Incredibly, there are fewer women in tech now than in 1990.
Twitter Wins Dismissal Of Lawsuit Alleging Islamic State Support Social media companies are trying to balance curbing terrorist propaganda and protecting free speech.
Private Company Wins U.S. Clearance To Fly To The Moon Moon Express plans to fly a suitcase-sized lander to the moon for a two-week mission in 2017.
Mountain Biker Suffers Severe Burns After Fall Sparks iPhone Explosion \It was pretty freaking painful.\
New York Bans Sex Offenders On Parole From Pokemon Go Officials fear that the game could be used to lure victims.
Microsoft To Cut Nearly 3,000 More Jobs The latest layoffs take the company's total planned job cuts up to 4,700.
Study Finds Cosmic Rays Increased Heart Risks Among Apollo Astronauts Apollo astronauts who ventured to the moon are at five times greater risk of dying from heart disease than shuttle astronauts
Facebook Earnings Crush, Stock Skyrockets Facebook hit 1.71 billion users and record high share price.
Obama Still Has Time To Curb A Toxic Waste Crisis Caused By Gadgets A new petition is demanding change.
This State Just Made It Harder For Police To Spy On Your Cell Phone Surveillance technology like StingRay can sweep up data from any cell phone in its range.
Twitter, Facebook May Be Fueling A Rise In Copycat Mass Shootings As a string of gun rampages continues in America and beyond, more evidence is emerging that copycat mass shooters are on
Google Introduces A New Way To Screen Telemarketers But there's a catch. \ud83d\udc40
Experts Are Building A 'Pokemon Go' Robot For Everyone To Play With The goal is to offer people a unique way to experience the game.
Nintendo Stock Tanks Despite 'Pokemon Go' Craze The app actually won't make the Japanese game company much money.
Google Maps Just Made It Easier To Figure Out Where You're Going Can you spot the difference?
Silicon Valley Is Not An American Utopia, No Matter What Peter Thiel Thinks Let's break it down.
The Company Behind 'Final Fantasy' Is Making A New Game For ... Apple Watch Well, this is different.
Twitter CEO Defends Decision To Permanently Ban Notorious Twitter Troll \Targeted abuse & inciting abuse against people ... that\u2019s not allowed,\ Jack Dorsey wrote.
Facebook's Totally Not-Threatening-At-All Internet Drone Flies For The First Time The company wants to bring free internet to everyone, but it's not the same web most of us access.
Airbnb Hires Eric Holder To Help Combat Discrimination On Platform By Angela Moon NEW YORK, July 20 (Reuters) - Airbnb said on Wednesday it hired former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder to
PokeDates Is Here To Help You Catch.. Love? Are you a Jigglypuff in the streets and a Jynx in the sheets? This is the dating service you need.
The Government Is Worried About 'Pokemon Go' Destroying Your Data Plan It probably shouldn't be. Here's why.
We've Been Trying To Make Cities Walkable For Years. 'Pokemon Go' Did It Overnight. How catching Pikachu could give you a taste of Parisian street life.
Twitter's Latest Change Probably Wouldn't Have Helped Leslie Jones Too little, too late, Twitter.
Tesla's New URL Might Hint At Elon Musk's 'Master Plan' Musk has proposed merging Tesla with solar panel supplier SolarCity.
Problems With Your Pokemon Go App? Check This Site For More Info. In a word
You Can Use Your Personal Bitmoji In Snapchat Now #Blessed.
Facebook Is Ready To Replace TV News A new deal with ABC says a lot about where the social network is going.
Germany Will Now Require 'Black Boxes' In Self-Driving Cars The move comes after a fatal crash involving a Tesla in Autopilot mode.
The 'Pokemon Go' Servers Went Down And People Totally Freaked Out Nobody could catch anything.
Google Will Now Help You Register To Vote You're out of excuses.
Facebook Gives Pathetic Excuse For Its Diversity Problems \This is a f**king insult,\ one outspoken advocate of diversity in Silicon Valley said.
This Is The Pokemon Your State Is Searching For Most You know which Pokemon no one is searching for? Zubats. Because they're terrible.
Facebook Activates Safety Check For The Fourth Time In Five Weeks After Nice Attack At least 80 people were killed during a Bastille Day celebration in the southern French city.
There Are Fewer Pokemon Go Locations In Black Neighborhoods, But Why? Within days of the launch of \u201cPok\u00e9mon Go,\u201d the new augmented reality game that uses phone cameras and GPS to show the classic
3 Numbers That Explain The 'Pokemon Go' Craze It's bigger than you realize.
This Might Be The First Video Of The iPhone 7 There's one potentially annoying change.
Stop Everything And Check Out HuffPost's Hot New Viber Stickers Talking politics has never been so fun!
Two Men Fall Off A Cliff While Playing 'Pokemon Go' In San Diego Please be careful with your phones, people.
Forget 'Pokemon Go' And Try Geocaching, A Worldwide Scavenger Hunt You teach me and I'll teach you -- TO GEOCACHE!
'Pokemon Go' Users Are Going To Yik Yak To Get Tips Also, only Arkansas likes Team Yellow.
Polaroid Launches A New App, And It's Not What You'd Expect \This was an exercise in creating a medium.\
7 Places Where You Shouldn't Play 'Pokemon Go' Just because you can, doesn't mean you should.
Google Battles 4,000 State-Sponsored Cyber Attacks Per Month The internet search leader has led the way in notifying users of government spying.
8 Times The Internet Tried To Explain The World With 'Pokemon Go' We didn't see the sex thing coming.
You Can Hire A Pok\u00e9mon Go Trainer For $20 An Hour Because The World Is Good Gotta. Catch. 'Em. ALL!!!!
This Is The Robot Dallas Police Used To Kill Shooting Suspect Major ethical questions remain.
'Pok\u00e9mon Go' Just Added Billions Of Dollars To Nintendo's Value Meowth, that's right!
Why A Mining Company Is Getting Into Face Recognition Software Caterpillar Safety Services monitors its truck drivers for signs of fatigue.
Dallas Police's 'Bomb Robot' Raises Sticky Questions \What does \u2018objectively reasonable\u2019 lethal robotic force look like?\
Facebook Denies Report That Police Deleted Philando Castile Video The social network still blames a technical glitch.
Facebook Will Allow 900 Million People To Keep Messages Secret Encryption is coming to Messenger in a move that is not without controversy.
Damning Essay Shames Tech Industry For Not Caring About Black People Diversity reports aren\u2019t enough.
Facebook\u2019s Response To Philando Castile Shooting Video Isn\u2019t Good Enough The footage disappeared from the social network for about an hour, and users want to know why.
Is Samsung About To Eat Apple's Lunch? Things are looking good for the Korean smartphone maker.
Snapchat Just Changed The Thing It Was Best Known For Yep. We're already obsessed.
BlackBerry Killing Off Classic Phone As It Moves Away From Handhelds Bad news for BlackBerry fans.
In A Twist, Kim Kardashian Gets People To Click Away From Instagram The media is saved! Maybe.
The Next iPhone Update Will Help You Save Lives Apple just announced something great.
A Staggering Reminder That Deadly Violence Is An Epidemic In Baghdad So much for Operation Iraqi Freedom.
What Won\u2019t Change In 20 Years? For entrepreneurs, understanding what is constant and what is changing can give you an enormous competitive edge on those who don't.
DVD Player In Tesla Raises Questions In Autopilot Death Investigators are working to determine what caused the first fatal crash while using a car's autopilot.
Oracle Ordered To Pay HP $3 Billion In Itanium Case Not surprisingly, Oracle plans to appeal.
Spotify Declares War On Apple The streaming service claims Apple is using its App Store \as a weapon to harm competitors.\
Google Still A Long Way From Meeting Diversity Goals But they've made a little progress.
The Summer's Dumbest Video Game Is Also Kind Of My Favorite Mario and Sonic go to Rio, baby!
Facebook Bolts From Traditional News It's back to basics for the social media giant.
Uber Doesn't Do Much To Protect You From Drivers You Hate Drivers and passengers can be paired up even if they give each other poor ratings.
Facebook Just Gave The Finger To Millions Of People Who Use It For News We hope you like baby pictures.
Facebook Will Show You Less News. Good! You'll now see more posts from your friends and less from the media.
Facebook Backtracks After Telling Reporter It Suggests Friends Based On Phone Location Data On Friday, and again on Monday, Facebook told me that it uses smartphone location data to recommend new friends to its users
Want The Latest HuffPost Headline? Just Ask Slack. News at your fingertips.
Tetris Is Being Made Into A Movie Trilogy Because The World Is In Shambles Why make one movie about blocks when you can make THREE?!
Now You Can Print Your Instagram Photos In Just 10 Seconds We want one of these super-fast photo printers RIGHT NOW.
Quirky Retro Video Shows Evolution Of The Video Game Controller From Atari to Xbox, they're all there.
Facebook And Google Have New Weapons In Place To Block Extremist Videos This is big.
Inside Hong Kong's Toxic Gadget Junkyards Your old TV could end up here one day, posing a threat to people and the environment.
After Brexit, U.K. Residents Google 'What Is The EU?' And other sad things.
BlackBerry Still Exists, And It's Doing Alright It broke even in the first quarter of this year, though revenue dipped.
C-SPAN Broadcasts Periscope, Facebook Streams After Republicans Cut Off TV Cameras This has never happened before.
Instagram Hits A Major New Milestone The app is more popular than ever.
Elon Musk Says Tesla Model S Can Move Through Water Like A Boat \We *def* don't recommended this, but ...\
Proposals To Curb Online Speech Viewed As Threat To Open Internet \Free expression is one of the foundational elements of the internet.\
Facebook, Google And Others Face Growing Pressure To Restrict Speech Online They're in a bind as more countries crack down on online speech.
Netflix Just Got A Bold New Icon It's not about \flicks\ anymore.
Spotify Hits A Major New Landmark Take that, Apple Music.
Microsoft Is Going Into The Marijuana Business Weed never looked so corporate.
Family Of Paris Terror Victim Sues Social Media Companies They claim Twitter, Google and Facebook provided \material support\ to ISIS.
Of Course Apple Won't Actually Let You Delete Default Apps So much for that anticipated iOS 10 feature.
Starbucks Cards Hold So Much Money The Company Could Be A Midsize Bank $1.2 billion of customer money sits limply on those ubiquitous cards.
This Super-Smart Bus Drives Itself Beep beep!
Spotify And Bumble Will Finally Let You Judge Potential Dates Based On Their Music Taste \ud83c\udfb6Can anybody find me somebody to love? \ud83c\udfb6
One Thing Snapchat Desperately Needs To Copy From Facebook And Twitter That little ghost isn't keeping pace.
Only Jerry Seinfeld Could Get Such Personal Details Out Of Mark Zuckerberg The two had a conversation about nothing, basically.
Five Low-Tech Ways Manufacturers Can Make Guns Safer Smart guns hold promise, but firearms makers could implement these proven safety features right now.
Amazon Wants Its Devices To Understand Your Emotions Creepy, convenient or both?
The 8 Coolest iPhone Features Apple Just Announced iOS 10 looks kind of sweet.
Twitter's Latest Anti-Troll Measure Is Perfectly Timed The company just made significant changes to its \block\ feature.
Tim Cook Pauses During Apple Keynote To Address Shooting In Orlando \The Apple community is made up of people from all around the world, from all different backgrounds, and all different points of view.\
Oops! Facebook Accidentally Told The World That The Philippines Was At War Just to clarify, it's not.
Here's What People Fear In China's 'Silicon Valley' Soaring rents are edging workers out.
The Bendy Smartphone Of The Future Is (Almost) Here Lenovo just introduced a very different kind of device.
Twitter Cofounder Gets His Twitter Account Hacked This is getting out of control.\u00a0Evan Williams, the cofounder and former CEO of Twitter, appears to have had his Twitter account
Welcome to Larry Page\u2019s Secret Flying-Car Factories Three years ago, Silicon Valley developed a fleeting infatuation with a startup called Zee.Aero.
Facebook Outreach Tool Ignores Black Lives Matter When Facebook launched a new system in January to help news outlets and other groups target posts to particular audiences
Apple Is Transforming Your iPhone's App Store Here's what you need to know.
Verizon To Bid $3 Billion For Yahoo\u2019s Web Assets Verizon Communications Inc. on Monday planned to submit a second-round bid of about $3 billion for Yahoo Inc.\u2019s core internet
Google's Self-Driving Cars Will Honk At You If You're Not Paying Attention They'll always be watching.
People Google Some Weird Questions About Clinton And Sanders Of course, the questions about Clinton are kind of sexist, too.
Samsung Reportedly Plans To Release Phones That Bend Get ready for flexible phones.
N.Y. Fed First Rejected Cyber-Heist Transfers Before Approving Them The theft has brought scrutiny on the SWIFT messaging system.
Silk Road's Key Player Brian Farrell Sentenced To 8 Years Prison Brian Farrell plead guilty to charges of conspiracy to distribute heroin, cocaine and methamphetamine.
Microsoft's 'Smart Mirror' Can Read Your Emotions And it displays information that matches your mood.
Facebook May Not Be Zuckerberg-Controlled Forever Shareholders could strip Zuck of majority voting power if he leaves.
More Proof That Trump Appeals To Your Worst Instincts His most-tweeted phrases are eye-opening.
Thiel Shows Why Tech Billionaires Are The New Robber Barons Destroying Gawker is not just revenge or a kind of political act, it\u2019s in Thiel\u2019s words \u201cphilanthropic.\u201d
Jeff Bezos On Peter Thiel Amazon founder Jeff Bezos has spoken out against Peter Thiel and in defense of Gawker, telling a Los Angeles audience
Court Delivers Devastating Blow to Cellphone-Privacy Advocates Courts across the country are grappling with a key question for the information age
'Finding Nemo' Told With Emoji Is Pretty Freaking Adorable Disney, you've made us squee yet again.
Apple's Next MacBook Will Probably Be Terrible For The Planet It'll probably have a bigger screen and a thinner waistline, but will it recycle?
This Adorable Robot Could Save Your Grandma's Life The new Zenbo bot is always watching.
Samsung's New Device Is A Blatant iPhone Ripoff And that's a problem.
Alphabet's Google Beats Oracle In $9 Billion Android Trial A jury unanimously upheld claims by Google that its use of Oracle's Java development platform was protected under the fair-use provision of copyright law.
Prosecutor Confirms Google Paris Raid In Tax Evasion Probe The investigation aims to verify whether Google Ireland failed in its fiscal obligations in France.
This Silicon Valley Billionaire Has Been Secretly Funding Hulk Hogan's Lawsuits Against Gawker One of Silicon Valley\u2019s best-known investors has been footing a former wrestler\u2019s legal bills in lawsuits against a shared
Twitter Pledges To Fix Its Most Annoying Features It's about time.
We're Getting Closer To Leaving Home Without Phones, And This Thing Is The Key Rejoice!
Internal Facebook Investigation Finds No Evidence Of Political Bias On 'Trending Topics' SAN FRANCISCO, May 23 (Reuters) - Facebook Inc will no longer rely on a top-10 list of websites to help choose items for
The Terrible Truth About How Your Gadgets Die Our obsession with pretty devices has made them VERY hard to recycle.
The Supercomputer That Won Jeopardy Is Now Helping California Save Water Watson is letting local authorities know who\u2019s overusing the scarce resource.
Talking To Our Computers Is Changing Who We Are \We are getting rewired to interact with aliens.\
LinkedIn Users Might Want To Change All Of Their Passwords ASAP This is bad.
Peek Behind The Scenes At One Of Apple's Most Secretive Facilities Fascinating photos take you to the iPhone factory floor.
I Worked On Facebook's Trending Team \u2013 The Most Toxic Work Experience Of My Life Working at Facebook, even as a contractor, was supposed to be the opportunity of a lifetime. It was, instead, the most toxic
Many Americans Unconcerned About Facebook Meddling With The News Does the new poll suggest we have a non-troversy here?
Robot Butler's Creativity Surprises Its Own Makers \We never taught it that.\
Steven Spielberg Bashes Virtual Reality At Cannes The acclaimed director called VR \a dangerous medium.\
Wild-Looking Glow-In-The-Dark Sidewalks Could Spell The End Of Streetlights Cement is about to get lit.
How A Digital Divide Leaves Parts Of Rural America Isolated It\u2019s been two years since Sonia\u2019s husband\u2019s fatal heart attack. Almost anywhere else in the United States, emergency services
Navy Will Soon Be Able To Launch Surprise Drone Attacks From The Deep Sea The devices can lay dormant for years before being activated.
Facebook Expands Its Legal Team Facebook is expanding its legal team -- perhaps just in time -- and its newest hire comes from behind the bench. U.S. Magistrate
Apple Invests $1 Billion In Uber's Chinese Competitor Didi Chuxing Apple is looking to boost flagging sales in China.
4 Things To Know About The Uber Rival Backed By Apple This app is crushing in China
Calm Down, Drones Won't Steal All Of Our Jobs Just some of them.
Instagram Just Radically Overhauled Its Look Thoughts?
Facebook Was So Adorable And Harmless Back In The Day Just listen to NPR talk about \The Facebook.\
Tinder Wants You To Swipe Right For Better Sleep Take our quiz to see if you're a \sleep amateur\ or a \sleep champion.\
Sean Parker's New Mission We spoke to the former Facebook president about his latest venture.
Feds Want To Know Why Android Updates Are So Slow AT&T, Samsung and Verizon are under the microscope.
Twitter Bars Intelligence Agencies From Using Analytics Service Social media firm cuts access to Dataminr, a service used to identify unfolding terror attacks, political unrest
Former Facebook Workers Facebook workers routinely suppressed news stories of interest to conservative readers from the social network\u2019s influential
Former Facebook Workers Facebook workers routinely suppressed news stories of interest to conservative readers from the social network\u2019s influential
Uber Offering $5 Rides In New York City But there's a major catch.
New York Wants To Make It Easier For New Yorkers To Say Their Piece \I get very troubled when I run into bureaucracy that is unyielding and unhelpful.\
Inside Palantir, Silicon Valley\u2019s Most Secretive Company A cache of internal documents shows that despite growing revenue, Palantir has lost top-tier clients, is struggling to stem
Your Periscope Broadcasts Can Now Live On Forever Live-streamed Internet broadcasts are the hottest thing in social media right now, and Periscope generated a lot of that
Siri's Creators Say They've Made Something For You In an ordinary conference room in this city of start-ups, a group of engineers sat down to order pizza in an entirely new
Mark Zuckerberg Holds Team Meeting With Chewbacca, Ewoks The Wookiee later described the meeting as \waaaaarrrrhhhhhgggg.\
iPhone Or Android? Here's One Big Difference To Consider This is surprising.
Teen's Apple Computer Collection Is Mac-nificent Alex Jason is trying to move his personal items into a public exhibition space.
What It's Like To Work As A Facebook 'News Curator' Depending on whom you ask, Facebook is either the savior or destroyer of journalism in our time. An estimated 600 million
Can These Women Save Silicon Valley? Their new website is a how-to for building a diverse workforce.
Facebook Pays Kid $10,000 For Discovering Major Instagram Bug Kid got ripped off, honestly.
The 'Reset Plug' Will Save You When Your Internet Craps Out You'll never have to get up and fiddle with your WiFi router again.
Mysterious Creator Of Bitcoin Finally Revealed, BBC Says Australian tech entrepreneur Craig Wright says he's the real Satoshi Nakamoto.
Two Words They're coming.
Turkish Shepherds Found An Ingenious Way To Charge Their Smartphones Adorable *and* functional!
WhatsApp Is Blocked In Brazil, Again This is the second time a judge has ordered Facebook's WhatsApp blocked.
New Android Malware Imitates Banking Apps It's easy to avoid if you follow basic steps.
Google Could Face Fines For Squeezing Out Rivals In Europe The tech giant has refused to compromise with European regulators.
Video Shows What's Really Going On When You Text During Meetings What if your smartphone notifications came to life?
The FBI Could Gain Unprecedented Access To Hack Into Computers The Supreme Court will likely approve a change to a controversial rule on search warrants.
Facebook Smashes Expectations, Stocks Skyrocket Facebook also announced a stock split, similar to what Google did. The move will give Zuckerberg more control.
Minecraft Launches A Virtual Reality Edition One of the world's most popular games is making the leap.
Facebook Sees Spike In Government Data Requests Most of the requests came from the U.S. and India.
If you use Waze, hackers can stalk you Millions of drivers use Waze, a Google-owned navigation app, to find the best, fastest route from point A to point B. And
Apple Relies On Software, Subscription Services As iPhone Sales Dip The tech giant may be retooling its business model.
Traffic To Wikipedia Terrorism Entries Plunged After Snowden Revelations, Study Finds The research could aid a lawsuit filed by the ACLU on behalf of Wikipedia\u2019s nonprofit parent organization against the NSA and the Justice Department.
iPhone Sales Decline For The First Time Ever As predicted, the tech company's latest quarterly earnings were a disappointment.
Most People Say They Don't Want To 'Broadcast' Their Lives On Facebook What do you think?
Google, Uber, Ford Unite To Get Driverless Cars On Roads The coalition wants clearer federal standards for autonomous vehicles.
Facebook Is Developing A Camera App To Rival Snapchat The social media war continues.
Tesla CEO Touts Safety Of Self-Driving Cars He says they're way safer than human drivers.
Surprising Number Of Americans Would Chop Off A Finger To Stay Online Ouch.
Microsoft's One-Handed Keyboard Will Give Your Thumb A Break Finally.
Feds Unlock New York iPhone And Drops Case Against Apple This makes two attempts the feds have dropped to try to get Apple to break into locked iPhones.
New Apps Help Taxpayers Report Waste, Fraud and Abuse This piece comes to us courtesy of Stateline. Stateline is a nonpartisan, nonprofit news service of the Pew Charitable Trusts
Zuckerberg Says Facebook Is Better For The Earth Than Your Latte. Is It? There may be more to the story.
Uber Settles Class-Action Lawsuits For Price Of Up To $100 Million The challenged presented a major threat to Uber's business model.
How To Save Money On Your Data Plan A few simple tweaks can go a long way.
Amazon's Super Cheap Kindle Fire Tablet Just Got An Upgrade It now comes in three new colors.
Facebook Goes 'Live' Following Prince's Death The media has changed.
As Driverless Cars Hit the Streets, States Weigh New Rules This piece comes to us courtesy of Stateline. Stateline is a nonpartisan, nonprofit news service of the Pew Charitable Trusts
Elon Musk Wants To Fix Public Transportation Taking the bus might get a whole lot less terrible.
Opera Web Browser Introduces Anti-Censorship Tool This could make things a little tricky for Opera.
Snapchat's Bob Marley Filter Called Out For Being 'Digital Blackface' Not a good look.
Android Phones Are Much Safer Than They Used To Be, Google Says That's a relief.
Police Officials Tell Congress Encryption Hurts Their Ability To Fight Crime The encryption debate returned to Congress on Tuesday.
Intel Fires 12,000 Amid PC Crisis The company is trying \to accelerate its evolution from a PC company to one that powers the cloud and billions of smart, connected computing devices.\
Amazon Actually Beats Netflix In The One Area That Counts Maybe it's time to rethink that subscription.
Silicon Valley Veteran Bill Campbell Dies Campbell was chief executive of tax software maker Intuit Inc from 1994 to 1998 and again for a few months until January 2000.
Paralyzed Man Moves Fingers Thanks To Chip Implanted In His Brain \The biggest dream would be to get full function of my hand back.\
Amazon's New Streaming Service Is Cheaper Than Standard Netflix But it may not be as good of a deal as you think.
GoPro Omni, New Virtual Reality Camera, Unveiled The company is also launching a new VR content-sharing platform.
Android May Have A Big Problem In Europe European regulators are investigating Google's deals with phone makers.
Steve Wozniak Just Blasted Uber For Poor Treatment Of Workers \That's how I think of Uber
Apple Recovered More Than A Ton Of Gold From Recycled Devices The company salvaged about $43.6 million worth of gold, reducing the need for future mining efforts.
Apple Fires Back At FBI In New York iPhone Feud Apple is holding the line against the Feds' efforts to retrieve a key to locked iPhones.
This 70-Year-Old Lady Wasn't Ready For Her First Self-Driving Car Ride \Ahhhh! Ahhhh! Ohhhh!\
EU Wants Search Engines To Be More Up Front About Ads Regulators are calling for more transparency from Google and Microsoft.
Why The FBI Won't Tell Apple How It Cracked The iPhone The FBI itself probably doesn't know the details of the hack.
Microsoft Wants To Let You Know When The Feds Are Snooping In Your Email The tech giant filed a lawsuit on Wednesday claiming the government is violating users' Constitutional rights.
Everyone Has Fake Twitter Followers, But Trump Has The Most. Sad! The millions of Twitter accounts following Donald Trump include lots of questionable ones \u2014 ones with very few tweets, or
Theater Chain Backtracks On Worst Idea Ever The company changed course after major moviegoer backlash.
HuffPost Is Live On Snapchat Discover We have exciting news to share with you. Today -- and today only! -- HuffPost is live on Snapchat Discover with a guide to
Microsoft Fights U.S. Government Over Data Requests \u201cPeople do not give up their rights when they move their private information from physical storage to the cloud.\
The New York Times Built Its Own 'Minecraft' World Here's why that's such a cool thing.
FBI Paid Professional Hackers One-Time Fee To Crack San Bernardino iPhone The FBI cracked a San Bernardino terrorist\u2019s phone with the help of professional hackers who discovered and brought to the
Google Wants You To Wave Goodbye To Your Free Time A new feature will help you fill your leisure time with activities you always put off.
Chip, Implanted In Brain, Helps Paralyzed Man Regain Control Of Hand Five years ago, a college freshman named Ian Burkhart dived into a wave at a beach off the Outer Banks in North Carolina
Here Is How You'll Share Pics On Facebook When We All Live In Computers Mommy, I'm scared.
Here's The New Thing All Of Your Snapchat Friends Will Start Doing This is wild.
House Finally Approves Bill To Keep Your Old Emails Private It's still not certain that the Email Privacy Act will become law.
Uber Gave Government Millions Of Users' Data Some of the data was used to identify stolen credit cards.
How Online Harassment Is Ruining Careers There are literal textbooks for online harassment, the original dating back to 1999. These \u201cruin-life\u201d guides include tactics
The Dark Side Of Guardian Comments Comments allow readers to respond to an article instantly, asking questions, pointing out errors, giving new leads.
A 17-Year-Old Made Messaging Easier For Those Who Are Deaf. And He Wasn't Even Trying To 17 -year-old entrepreneur Mateusz Mach had a simple, fun thought
Facebook, Microsoft Pay Men And Women Equally -- But There's Still A Big Problem A pay gap is the least of their worries.
Facebook's Vision For The Future Might Demolish Business As You Know It The bots are coming.
Hackers Are Learning Customer Service Tactics To Target Victims The hackers have \a perfect business model.\
Microsoft Agrees To New Data Privacy Terms The company is the first to endorse Europe's 'Privacy Shield' policy.
Don't Publicly Mock People Who Look A Little Funny Using Technology We're better than this.
Snapchat Might Be Killing Facebook In One Important Way Is the world's biggest social network in trouble?
In-Flight Wi-Fi Is About To Get Much Better New, satellite-based Wi-Fi could change how you fly.
How an Internet Mapping Glitch Turned a Random Kansas Farm Into a Digital Hell An hour\u2019s drive from Wichita, Kansas, in a little town called Potwin, there is a 360-acre piece of land with a very big problem
U.S. To Keep Fighting For Apple To Unlock iPhone In New York Drug Case The battle continues after the U.S. backed down in the case of the San Bernardino attacker's iPhone.
The Dark Meaning Behind The Word 'Robot' The English term first appeared in the 1920s.
Uber Settles Illegal Practices Lawsuit For Multi-Million Sum The company promised to be more honest about its practices with customers.
Adobe Issues Emergency Update To Flash After Ransomware Attacks The software maker urged the more than 1 billion users of Flash on Windows, Mac, Chrome and Linux computers to update the product as quickly as possible.
The Game Boy Of Your Childhood Dreams Finally Exists We want one immediately.
Report The administration remains deeply divided on the issue, sources said.
FBI's iPhone Hack Won't Work On New Devices The FBI says it can only unlock the iPhone 5c.
Why We Can't Network Our Way To More Women In Tech The industry's good intentions can't fix a broken pipeline.
Amazon's Next Kindle May Have Better Battery Life Amazon says the new e-reader is coming soon.
Facebook Just Transformed Into A New Product Right Before Your Eyes Live video features are a major evolution for the social network.
New iOS Bug Could Allow Strangers To Browse Personal Data On Your iPhone Well, this isn't good.
These Animals Could Be Saved By Virtual Reality \Often it's difficult to get into these places where the animals live. We want to be able to bring those areas to the experts.\
This Box Doesn't Look Like Much, But It Could Save Lives It's a brilliant invention.
Apple Engineers And once it is exposed, Apple should be able to plug the encryption hole.
Microsoft And Amazon Have A Plan For Driverless Cars They're making moves.
The Government Just Made It Cheaper For Some People To Use The Internet It's still not enough to overcome deep inequalities.
Smartphone Growth Could Be Lowest Ever In 2016 Sales are expected to be flat in China and North America.
Driverless Cars Flummoxed By America's Shoddy Road Infrastructure Bad roads could pose serious problems for autonomous vehicles.
Now You Can Order Condoms With The Push Of A Button Thanks, Amazon
Nintendo's New Smartphone Game Is A Trippy Dollhouse It's pretty weird.
Microsoft's Chat Bot Re-Activates, Immediately Launches Spam Attack Tay is at it again.
FBI Might Withhold Secret Method Of Unlocking iPhone From Apple Apple has said it would like the government to share how it cracked the iPhone security protections.
Society Needs To Decide Where Tech Is Taking Us, Microsoft CEO Says \We have these profound questions and issues in front of us.\
Hackers Breach Computer Networks Of Some Big U.S. Law Firms Federal investigators are looking to see if confidential information was stolen for insider trading.
Thousands Are Watching A Virtual Deer Run Amok In 'Grand Theft Auto V' You need to see it to believe it.
For Poor Americans, Getting Online Is About More Than Just Cheap Internet The government has a plan to offer subsidized Internet access. But experts say that's not enough.
Microsoft Unveils Next Best Thing To Teleportation With some specialized headsets and cameras, it's now possible to beam someone's 3D image to another location in real time.
Critics Absolutely Love The Oculus Rift But some say it's way too expensive.
iOS 9.3 Link Glitch Is Ruining Some iPhones People are not pleased.
Don't Fall For This Bogus Instagram Ploy You're about to see it everywhere.
DOJ Says It Hacked Into Encrypted iPhone -- Without Apple's Help The Feds withdrew legal action that would have forced Apple to help crack open an iPhone from the San Bernardino shooting.
Facebook Safety Check For Pakistan Bombing Accidentally Goes Worldwide Even users thousands of miles from Lahore received the notification.
Apple Could Withdraw Help In Drug Case If FBI Hacks iPhone The standoff continues.
How To Make Rush Hour Less Deadly And Terrible We can make it better. We have the technology.
Interactive Maps Show You What Cities Sound Like How does your city sound?
One App You Need If You Want The New, Cheap iPhone This will make your life easier.
Netflix Admits Throttling Video On AT&T And Verizon Phones AT&T and Verizon were recently taking heat over their quality of Netflix videos. Now it looks like blame may lie somewhere else.
Bad Robot Pennsylvania is set to consider a ban on drones in the skies above all 1.5 million acres of state game lands following several
Feds Say They're Close To Cracking iPhone Without Apple's Help The Attorney General said she's hopeful Feds can unlock the iPhone.
'Phubbing' is ruining American relationships In theory, when you\u2019re in a relationship, the temptation to seek emotional relief from isolation through your phone should
Microsoft Chat Bot Goes On Racist, Genocidal Twitter Rampage Seriously? Seriously.
Hedge Fund To Launch Proxy Fight To Remove Yahoo's Entire Board \The board and management have continually failed to live up to their own promises and shouldn't be trusted with the decision on whether Yahoo should remain an independent company.\
The new iPhone is an incredible value Apple is known for making expensive products that are out of reach for much of the world.
Do You Have An Online Impersonator? Facebook Tests New Anti-Imposter Security Feature Most users of the social network will now be automatically alerted if a copycat account is detected.
You Should Be Worried If The FBI Can Hack iPhones Without Apple \Everybody's iPhone is now vulnerable.\
Are Smartphones 'Over'? Apple's new iPhone doesn't exactly wow.
Intel Mastermind, Silicon Valley Statesman Andy Grove Dead At 79 \Only the paranoid survive\
Tim Cook Swipes At FBI During New iPhone Event \We need to decide as a nation the amount of power the government has on our data and on our privacy.\
Apple's New iPhone SE Is Much Cheaper Than Previous Models It's much smaller too.
Apple Just Solved One Of The iPhone's Most Harmful Features Here's how to get the update.
Behold So shiny, so tiny!
Man's Mind Is Totally Blown When He Wears VR Headset For The First Time Anthony Millward really gets into the virtual reality experience.
Apple's New iPhone SE Is Here The next big thing is ... small.
These First Tweets Will Make You Nostalgic For A More Innocent Age Remember when there was such mystery to social media?
Watch The Amazing Way Information Spreads On Twitter Word travels fast.
'Pray For Me' His message appears in nine different languages.
How Pirates And Hackers Worked Together To Steal Millions Of Dollars In Diamonds Late on a Friday afternoon in early 2015, Chris Novak got a strange call. As the director of Verizon\u2019s investigative response
This Should Make Uber Drivers Really Nervous Uber has been shopping around for driverless cars, according to an unnamed source.
Google Is Getting Rid Of Its Creepy Humanoid Robots Amazon and Toyota could be potential buyers.
Adorable Cookie Monster Apple Ad Gives Us All The Feelings Nom nom nom. \ud83c\udf6a
Google Attention, hackers!
Hackers Are Using Expired Domains To Launch Attacks Visitors to some major news sites may have been affected.
SXSW Held A Ridiculous Gamergate Panel In the world of Gamergate, empathy isn\u2019t allowed, the harassment women face online is exaggerated, and online abuse doesn't
These Robots Are So Bad They're Good Want a mechanical toothbrush that stabs you in the face?
Instagram May Change Your Feed, Personalizing It With An Algorithm For years, we have been trained to view web postings from our friends in a certain order.\u00a0Refresh the top of your various
Former Cyber Czar Says NSA Can Unlock iPhone Terror Data For FBI Richard Clarke says the bureau just wants to set a precedent in its pursuit of Apple.
Surging Demand For Rechargeable Batteries Is Driving Business To South America Lithium is an essential component of many consumer tech products.
Your Sex Toys Could Be Vulnerable To Cyberattack Terrifying!
This Device Lets You Test The Air Pollution In Your House And it's free, if you have a library card.
Apple This feud is getting intense.
Is This The iPhone 7? Prepare yourself for another heaping portion of Apple rumors.
Google Is Pressing Feds To Get Driverless Cars On The Road Google will make its case before Congress on Tuesday.
Facebook, Google and WhatsApp plan to increase encryption of user data Spurred on by Apple\u2019s battles against the FBI, some of tech\u2019s biggest names are to expand encryption of user data in their
Smartphones Are Often Ill-Equipped For Mental Health, Safety Emergencies Researchers have said the queries should merit \special attention\ by tech companies in the future.
This Real Hoverboard Takes A Flying Step Forward Too bad they're not planning a consumer model.
Pilot Uses GPS Tracker To Draw Picture Of A Plane... With A Plane \Some flights are about the journey -- or in this case, about the image.\
Human Player Finally Beats Google's AlphaGo AI Program At 'Go' It was fourth time lucky for Lee Sedol.
Facebook's Gun Ban Isn't Working An AR-15 semi-automatic rifle. Ammunition for your concealed carry handgun. Your grandfather\u2019s hunting shotgun. Virtually
How A Hacker's Typo Helped Stop A Billion Dollar Bank Heist The hackers still managed to get away with about $80 million, making it one of the largest known bank thefts in history.
Cola Messenger Is Like Text Messaging On Steroids Because who uses their smartphone to make calls?
Government Accuses Apple Of 'Deliberately' Boosting Security To Keep Feds Out The Justice Department called Apple's rhetoric \false.\
The Government Is Taking A Huge Step On Online Privacy Some broadband providers aren't happy about it.
Google's AlphaGo AI Program Defeats One Of World's Best 'Go' Players This is huge.
Toyota Introduces Wearable Device For The Blind \Project BLAID\ aims to help improve mobility for the visually impaired.
You Could Travel To Space As Soon As 2018 If you can pay for it, anyway.
Here's Footage Of Google's Driverless Car Hitting A Bus It could've been worse.
Yik Yak Introduces Screen Names To Curb Anonymous Trolling Will niceness follow?
Apple Must Clear Another Hurdle In NY Encryption Case It's going back to court despite a previous ruling.
Apple VP Craig Federighi is senior vice president of software engineering at Apple. He first joined Apple in 1997.
Hackers Target Apple Customers With Ransomware Attack Ransomware encrypts data on infected machines, then typically asks users to pay ransoms to get an electronic key so they can retrieve their data.
Email Trailblazer Raymond Tomlinson Dead At 74 Tomlinson made the @ symbol one of the most visible characters on the Internet.
This T-Shirt Will Let You 'See' Inside The Human Body Sort of.
Criminals Prefer iPhones Because They're So Secure, Police Say One inmate reportedly called iPhone encryption \another gift from God.\
'Uncharted 4' Director Bruce Straley Talks Diversity, Storytelling Tips And More He discussed the end of \Uncharted\ in an exclusive interview with HuffPost.
Apple's Case Just Got Boosted By Some Very Powerful Allies Tech companies are taking action against anti-encryption efforts.
Animal Lovers Will Squeal Over Recent Google Update What does the piggy say, Google?
Crash Shows Google's Driverless Car Has Room To Improve Self-driving cars don't always react quickly to obstacles on the road.
YouTube Boosts Female Content Creators With Two New Initiatives As Women's History Month kicks off, YouTube has introduced two initiatives that will call attention to leading female voices
Amazon Quietly Removes Encryption Support From Its Gadgets While Apple is fighting the FBI in court over encryption, Amazon quietly disabled the option to use encryption to protect
Google's Driverless Car Division Goes On Hiring Spree It's happening, people!
Amazon's Got A Few New Tricks To Make Your Home 'Smarter' The company just introduced some cool new devices to compliment its popular \Echo\ speaker.
Google, Facebook And Microsoft Will Officially Support Apple In Battle Against FBI These companies, along with several other competitors. are expected to file an amicus brief supporting the tech giant.
A New Gadget Frees Spotify From Your Smartphone The \Mighty\ could transform your listening experience.
Here's What You Need To Know About Apple, FBI Showdown In D.C. Lawmakers needled witnesses from both sides.
You Might Lose Sleep Over This Guy's Facebook Hack Zzzzzz---GAH!
U.S. Military Invites Computer Whizzes To 'Hack The Pentagon' Such programs allow cyber experts to find and identify problems before malicious hackers can exploit them.
McDonald's Is Transforming Sweden's Happy Meals Into VR Headsets Smartphones not included.
Apple, FBI Take Their Dispute To Congress A congressional panel will consider the case on Tuesday.
The Future Of Voting Could Be A Dystopian Nightmare Believe it or not, you should enjoy this election season while it lasts.
Reminder The San Bernardino case may have ripple effects on many other cases.
Judge Denies Government's Request To Unlock iPhone In Drug Case Officials originally sought access to the phone back in October.
Boy Takes Home Top Prize In Competition For Girls In STEM Pretty Curious, a U.K. program aimed at getting girls interested in STEM careers, asks on its website, \u201cwhy aren\u2019t more girls
Europe Wants U.S. Companies Like Google To Play By New Privacy Rules European regulators will keep U.S. firms in line with the new rules.
Unlocking iPhone Would Expose 'Hundreds Of Millions' To Cyber Attacks, Apple Says Apple's lawyers will testify in front of lawmakers on Tuesday.
UC Berkeley Alerts 80,000 People After Cyber Attack A system that stores social security and bank account numbers was hacked.
Pokemon Is 20 Years Old! Here's How To Feed Your Pikachu Nostalgia. Just because you're 20 years older doesn't mean you can't still enjoy yourself.
Apple Might Lock Down iCloud Data To Avoid Another Fight With The Feds Just don't forget your passcode.
Rival Phone Makers Reluctant To Support Apple In FBI Battle Only one Asian phone company has publicly backed Apple in its fight with FBI.
Apple Is Said To Be Working On An iPhone Even It Can\u2019t Hack WASHINGTON \u2014 Apple engineers have already begun developing new security measures that would make it impossible for the government
Bearded Human Bullies Poor, Defenseless Robot Cruel, cruel human.
Apple Submits Brief Opposing U.S. Government's 'Unprecedented' iPhone Request The tech giant argued that the government's request violates the company's First Amendment rights.
Zuckerberg Furious With Employees For Crossing Out Black Lives Matter Slogans \I now consider this malicious.\
Apple, the FBI, and Security - Stratechery by Ben Thompson To lower the bar when it comes to defense is to give up one of the United States\u2019 biggest strategic advantages.
Democrats More Likely To Support Apple In Fight For iPhone Privacy Support is especially strong among young people.
Justice Department Just Met With Facebook, Others To Discuss Online Extremism They talked about the use of \optimistic messaging\u201d to dissuade potential ISIS recruits.
Tim Cook Tim Cook said that the government was asking for \the software equivalent of cancer.\
The Only Site You Need To Check Before Voting We all need this.
Cathedral Moves Sculpture Because Texters Keep Bumping Into It \The Kiss\ has caused quite a few headaches.
Scientists Are Working On Prosthetics Controlled By Your Mind Soon, scientists will begin human trials on brain-controlled bionic limbs.
Artificial Intelligence Is Here To Change Your Life The revolution began before you even realized it.
How People Can Use Facebook To Track Your Sleep Patterns You get ready for bed, you check Facebook. You wake up, you check Facebook. Both times, and every time, Facebook knows. And
Apple's Plan To Help Break Standoff With FBI The call comes one week after Apple refused to help the FBI unlock an iPhone tied to a terror case.
Most Americans Don't Support Apple In Its Fight With FBI According to two new polls.
These Are The Gorgeous New Android Phones You Have To Care About The latest devices from Samsung and LG look amazing.
Apple Sees Value in Its Stand to Protect Security If Apple accedes to American law enforcement demands for opening the iPhone in the San Bernardino case and Beijing asks for
Your Fears About The Coming Robot Revolution Might Be Overblown People worry they'll steal our jobs, but there's still hope for the future.
Why Are Digital Assistants Like Siri Given Female Voices? At an artificial intelligence conference, a good question gets a surprising answer.
Google Sheltered Billions From Taxes In Bermuda Last Year By way of the Netherlands.
'Fire Emblem Fates' Will Teach You Harsh Lessons In Life And Death If you let it.
These Are The Tech Companies Supporting Apple Against The FBI Google, Twitter and WhatsApp are among those opposing  helping the FBI hack into a terrorist's phone.
Apple, FBI Battle Escalates As Justice Department Demands San Bernardino Terrorist's iPhone Be Unlocked The Justice Department said Apple\u2019s refusal to help unlock the phone was just a marketing strategy.
Apple Leads The Charge on Security, But Who Will Follow? After boldly and publicly rejecting a federal court order to hack an iPhone on Wednesday, Apple CEO Tim Cook could reasonably
Los Angeles Hospital Pays Hackers $17,000 Ransom In Bitcoins Paying the ransom was the \quickest and most efficient way\ of regaining access to the affected systems, the hospital's president said.
Privacy Activists Rally To Apple's Defense Over FBI Data Demand Google's CEO also warned the request for backdoor access could set a \troubling precedent.\
Here's What The FBI Actually Asked Apple To Do It's more complicated than it seems.
San Francisco Entrepreneur Suggests Removing 'Riffraff' As Homeless Solution Justin Keller likely doesn't realize that many used to be his neighbors.
John McAfee Offers To Hack Terrorist's iPhone For FBI Look out, Apple.
Apple To Fight Order To Break Encryption On San Bernardino Shooter's iPhone \We can find no precedent for an American company being forced to expose its customers to a greater risk of attack.\
Apple CEO Tim Cook Takes On The FBI For Threatening Your Data The government wants to unlock an iPhone connected to the San Bernardino terror attack.
Hasbro Doesn't Want Kids To Turn Into iPhone Zombies The \Star Wars\ toymaker doesn't want kids glued to a screen.
This Bug Can Completely Disable Your iPhone But Apple is working on a fix.
Marc Andreessen's 'colonialism' gaffe? A symptom of Silicon Valley bias \u201cWhy is the Valley suddenly so tone deaf? Well, look how badly the Valley does on inclusion in hiring. Bias is the norm here
How A Couple Found Love On Facebook 'Graffiti' App Remember this?
PSA Tells You To 'Keep It In Your Pants' For Valentine's Day Your phone. Keep your PHONE in your pants.
New App Helps Iranians Dodge 'Morality Police' The app is seen as a \digital protest\ in advance of Iran's upcoming elections.
This Valentine's Day, More Americans Are Searching For Love Online Set up your Tinder date now.
The FBI Could Be Eavesdropping On Your Toaster In case you weren't already terrified about your cybersecurity...
Woman Targeted In 'GamerGate' Harassment Drops Charges Zoe Quinn
Google's Self-Driving Cars Just Cleared A Major Roadblock Vrroooom.
Twitter's New Update Could Bring You Into The Echo Chamber The change means more \old\ tweets in your timeline.
Google Agrees To Censor Search Results More Broadly For Europeans The move is an attempt by the internet giant to comply with the EU's new data privacy rules.
Twitter Is Losing Customers And Its Stock Is Plummeting Bad news for the social network.
Top Silicon Valley Venture Capitalist Defends Colonialism In India In his defense of Facebook's Free Basics Internet service, Andreessen suggested India was better off under colonial rule
How To Stop Worrying And Love Artificial Intelligence A new book finds the heart in our cold, robotic future.
Mark Zuckerberg Makes Clear He's Against Colonialism In India Here's why the Facebook CEO denounced board member Marc Andreessen's Twitter comment.
THIS Is What Diversity In Tech Should Look Like Four black female engineers from Slack got in formation Tuesday night.
Twitter Forms A 'Trust And Safety Council' To Battle Abuse A step in the right direction.
Man Summons Tesla Via Apple Watch, Makes Your Car Look Like A Fossil The future is now!
Chinese Food Emojis? Chinese Food Emojis! Here's something to look forward to.
Did You Know You Can Play Virtual Chess In Facebook Messenger? Here are the hidden keyboard commands.
France Gives Facebook 3 Months To Stop Tracking 'Non-Users' Another blow against the social media giant.
Teaching Kids To Code Is The New Teaching Kids Spanish Coding is a language, say proponents.
Facebook Just Smashed 'Six Degrees Of Separation' To Bits Kevin Bacon may be closer than you thought!
You Won't Believe America's Most Trusted Source For Election News Jon Stewart is judging us so hard right now.
What Not To Post On Facebook In Each Of The 50 States Is your state selfie-loathing or fed up with food pics?
Orangutans Learning To Play Xbox To Fight Boredom In Zoo Researchers say they hope to develop games that the primates can play with humans.
The Tech World Has A New 'Billionaire's Club' Money isn\u2019t the only metric that matters anymore.
Microsoft Is Recalling 2.3 Million Power Cords Over Safety Concerns Some units have been \overheating and emitting flames.\
Google's Parent Company Is Now The World's Most Valuable Business Alphabet is currently worth around $568 billion.
Facebook Is Changing Your News Feed In A Subtle But Important Way It could even affect how you see this article.
How Lead In Recycled Electronics Can Poison Workers' Families You don't need to go near an e-scrap facility to suffer the harmful effects.
Your Next iPhone Might Not Have To Be Plugged In To Anything, Ever Freedom!
Why Email Is Microsoft's Secret Weapon Many of the world's largest companies rely on the Microsoft Exchange Server.
Facebook To Block Private Gun Sales The ban doesn't apply to licensed gun dealers.
In a Huge Breakthrough, Google\u2019s AI Beats a Top Player at the Game of Go IN A MAJOR breakthrough for artificial intelligence, a computing system developed by Google researchers in Great Britain
Mark Zuckerberg Made A LOT Of Money During His Paternity Leave Pretty sweet payout for all that snuggle time.
States Crack Down On Police 'Stingray' Tech That Can Intercept Your Texts Cops say stingray devices help catch criminals. But they could also be collecting civilians' texts and calls.
Facebook Is Making Billions Off Its Smartphone Users The social media giant just reported a shocking revenue jump.
There Are 5 Million Google Cardboards Out There Virtual reality is in more hands than you might have realized.
Apple's Safari Browser Is Crashing For Some Users You'll want to change your settings.
Now Robots Can Compare Apples To Oranges Inventor says this fruit-sorting robot will change the food chain.
iPhone Sales Are Slowing Drastically, Analysts Say Apple stock dropped 1.98 percent on Monday.
Watch This Epic Snowball Fight In 360 Degrees Get your Snowmageddon fix while staying warm and dry.
Twitter Stock Drops After Top Executives Bail Twitter's shares were down 5.35 percent.
Artificial Intelligence Is Here To Help Us, Microsoft Boss Jean-Philippe Courtois Says \We can augment human capabilities and impact.\
Only 4 Of Your Facebook Friends Really Matter, New Study Finds Your Facebook friend count is a sad, empty lie.
This Photo Of Mark Zuckerberg's Closet Offers A Lesson For Working Parents The genius behind those boring, gray T-shirts.
MONDAY The company also reportedly plans to add two new board members.
The Best Productivity App Is Already On Your Phone. You Just Don't Know It Yet. Let us explain.
Behold The Self-Pushing Stroller. What Could Go Wrong? Seems legit.
Google Paid Apple $1 Billion To Keep Search Bar On iPhone Smile if you're Tim Cook.
Why It's Taking So Long To Get More Electric Cars On The Road We missed President Obama's goal to have 1 million on the road by 2015.
The Reason Why You Felt That 'Phantom Buzz' Have you ever thought that you felt your phone buzzing in your pocket, just to realize you have no notifications at all? Well
EU Doesn't Want The U.S. Spying On European Citizens The deadline for a data transfer deal is rapidly approaching.
Apple's Workforce Became Slightly Less White And Male In 2015 Apple has added almost 1,500 black employees over the last year.
At Mardi Gras, Dance Like The FBI\u2019s Watching Because -- surprise! -- they will be.
Cherie Blair Women's rights activist Cherie Blair criticized the iPhone maker.
World's Business Elite Are Stressed About Our Robotic Future In Davos, not everyone is excited about artificial intelligence.
World's Most-Used Passwords Are Still Awful, According To 2015 Data Your password is still \password,\ isn't it?
Microsoft Is Donating $1 Billion In Cloud Services To Nonprofits And Researchers SEATTLE \u2014 Microsoft plans to give away $1 billion in cloud services to nonprofits and university researchers over the next
Amazon Reveals More Details About Its Drone Delivery Service But Prime Air's cost to the customer is still unknown.
Twitter Goes Down And Everyone Freaks Out On Facebook And Instagram Has the #Twitterpocalypse arrived?
Why Apple Is So Wrong To Exploit The Image Of Martin Luther King Maybe the company has good intentions, but its diversity record is terrible.
WhatsApp To Phase Out Subscription Fees The company will not turn to advertising for revenue.
Sitting On Runway Waiting For Takeoff May Soon Be A Thing Of The Past At least you can stretch your legs in the terminal.
Robots Will Replace 5 Million Workers By 2020 Automation promises to make many administrative tasks redundant -- which could hurt women most of all.
Read This Tech CEO's Moving Martin Luther King Tribute \There is only us, the people.\
Phones And Bedrooms Just Don't Mix. I Learned That The Hard Way. Here's how life changed when I banished my iPhone from my sleep sanctuary.
Facebook Is Cracking Down On Racist Posts In Germany The move comes after urging from German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
Netflix Is Getting Rid Of An Easy Way To Watch Blocked Content This could be bad news if you're traveling in another country.
Apple Says It Cares About Diversity. Facts Say Otherwise. The tech giant votes down proposal to take diversity seriously at the top.
The Silk Road's Dark-Web Dream Is Dead Not so long\u00a0ago, the Silk Road was not only a bustling black market for drugs but a living representation of every cryptoanarchist\u2019s
Change.org's New Site Helps You Send Tough Questions To Presidential Candidates Change Politics lets voters engage with candidates and save information for Election Day.
GoPro Stock Tanks After Bleak Revenue Prediction Smartphone cameras may be stealing GoPro's consumer base.
Sheryl Sandberg Donated $31 Million In Facebook Stock To Charity Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg has donated 290,000 shares of Facebook stock \u2014 a market value of roughly $31 million \u2014 to a
Facebook Is Paying Closer Attention To Your Posts Than You Might Think The social network sometimes makes startling suggestions with its search function.
Apple's Next iPhone Update Could Help You Get Better Sleep It's about time!
Google Forms New Virtual Reality Division Here we go.
Read This Before You Buy Headphones Apple might render them obsolete.
Watch What Happens To Your Phone When You Have Millions Of Instagram Fans Push notifications are just a blur.
Swarm Of 100 Drones Dance To Beethoven's 'Symphony No. 5' In The Night Sky Straight out of a sci-fi movie.
How To Use Peach, Your New Social Media Obsession Peach is the hot, fruity app. Take a big bite.
Unlimited Cellphone Plans Might Be Coming Back Rejoice! But only if you're on this one major carrier.
Facebook Is Killing Phone Numbers, And That's OK Who even talks on the phone anymore?
Uber Just Took A Huge Step Toward Integrating With Mass Transit Passengers will be able to plan trips that combine public transportation with Uber rides and walking.
Apple Just Registered Apple.car Let the speculation continue.
T-Mobile Confirms It Slows Connections To Video Sites THOUGH T-MOBILE STILL WANTS to play games with words, the company has admitted it\u2019s slowing down streams as part of its unlimited
Self-Driving Cars Crash Less Often Than Those With Human Drivers The study was commissioned by Google, which is currently testing its own self-driving cars.
Nearly Half Of Parents Say They Snoop Through Their Teen's Phone Change those passwords now, kids.
Here's Beautiful Drone Footage Of Your Next Vacation Spot Sure beats Google Image Search.
Facebook Messenger Boasts More Than 800 Million Users The social media giant announced a startling new landmark for the app on Thursday.
'Pebble Seizure Detect' Is A Brilliant Use For Smartwatches That Could Save Lives Wearables can detect seizures and notify friends and family.
Pinterest Is Not Messing Around On Diversity The online scrapbooking site just brought on a new person to head up its ambitious efforts to hire minorities and women.
Here Are The Funniest Reactions To Twitter's New 10,000-Character Limit That\u2019s a lot of space for trolling.
You Won't Believe How Much Oculus Rift Costs Start saving now.
Smart TVs Just Got Even Smarter Even your mom can get behind this advancement.
Gamer Beats 'Fallout 3' In Under 15 Minutes It takes the average user 24 hours and 47 minutes to complete the game.
Twitter May Increase Character Limit To 10,000 You won't believe how CEO Jack Dorsey made his point.
These Are The States That Would Rather Learn About Gun Shops Than Gun Control There are way more of them than you'd think.
Obama Orders More Research On 'Smart Guns' But the technology has plenty of opponents.
Faraday's New Batmobile-Style Electric Car Looks Insane The futuristic vehicle's seats were inspired by NASA design.
Microsoft's Windows 10 Is Now Running On 200 Million Devices This may be the fastest adoption rate for any of Microsoft's operating system.
Google's Project Sunroof Could Help You Save Money On Solar Power Are solar panels right for your home? Google's ready to help you find out.
New York City Will Replace Pay Phones With Wi-Fi Hotspots Remember those?!
Why Refrigerators Should Stay Forever Dumb \Smart\ fridges are becoming more common, but there are a few big problems.
Two-Year Cellphone Contracts Are Almost Dead. Here's Everything You Need To Know Just like T-Mobile and Verizon, AT&T will break away from contracts starting Jan. 8
Mark Zuckerberg Is Building An A.I. Butler To Help Around The Home \You can think of it kind of like Jarvis in Iron Man.\
Twitter Reverses Stance On Archiving Politicians\u2019 Deleted Tweets Politwoops and more than 30 similar services around the world will once again be able to operate.
6 Times Women In Tech Faced Total BS In 2015 Maybe 2016 will be bett -- [interrupted by deafening laughter]
This Is How Visualizing Open Data Can Help Save Lives Identifying the location of pedestrian and cyclist injuries is a key first step for cities to reduce the occurrence.
'Trump Filter' Erases The Donald From Your Chrome Browser Make your Internet searches great again.
New Twitter Policy Bans 'Hateful Conduct' The social media company has faced criticism for not doing enough to thwart terrorist propaganda on its site.
How Tech Helped Us -- Or Didn\u2019t -- In 2015 We're more connected than ever before, but that doesn't mean we've solved all our problems.
U.S. Internet Connections Are Getting Faster What a difference three years makes.
Egypt Shuts Down Facebook\u2019s 'Free Basics' Internet Service The social networking giant says it is disappointed by the shutdown.
Spotify Slammed With $150 Million Lawsuit For Unpaid Royalties The complaint says the streaming service \publicly\ admitted its failure to obtain licenses for the songs.
Twitter Hires A Man To Make Sure It's Hiring Enough Women And Minorities The social media company has come under scrutiny for the lack of diversity among its employees.
This Classic Nintendo 64 Game Has A 'Dark' Secret You Never Heard About It's not hard to see why this feature was cut from the final version.
The Best Photo App For Absolutely Everyone There are a lot of options out there, but you probably just need this.
Amazon Prime Got A Big Boost This Holiday Season More than 3 million people joined Prime the week before Christmas.
Personal Data Of 191 Million U.S. Voters Exposed Online The database includes private information such as names, addresses, birth dates, party affiliations, phone numbers and emails.
Stop Sharing This Bogus Facebook Post. It Won't Make You Rich Nothing to see here, just another hoax.
Here's A Side Of The City From 'Breaking Bad' You've Never Seen Before \We've come an impossibly long way,\ says the mayor.
Someone Let Your Voting Data Leak Online. Here's What That Means \Our society has never had to confront the idea of all these records, all in one place, being available to anyone in the entire world for any purpose instantly.\
China's New Big Brother Law Is A Clone Of The West's Bad Ideas Western politicians are giving cover for governments to restrict their citizens' civil liberties.
Your Smartphone's Best-Kept Secret Digital comics are over their growing pains and look great on smartphones.
Full iPhone? 10 Tips To Clear Up Space No more storage hogs!
It Took A New 'Star Wars' To Finally Get People Off The Internet The Force is strong with this flick.
Snapchat Released New Trophies, And We Know How To Unlock Them Just in time for the holidays! \ud83d\ude4a
Actual X-Ray Vision Is Coming Soon Researchers at MIT have developed a software to recognize human silhouettes through walls and track their movements.
This Nonprofit Believes Anyone Can Make Cities Better. And It\u2019s Accepting Applications The deadline is Dec. 23.
Google Will Team Up With Ford To Build Self-Driving Cars The Internet search giant reportedly plans to bring driverless vehicles to the market by 2020.
The New iPhone's Coolest Photo Feature Just Got A Lot Cooler \Live Photos\ are coming to Facebook soon.
The Huffington Post Is Hiring An Associate Tech Editor This is a full-time position based in New York City.
Your Smartphone May Be Tracking Your Every Move If you have an iPhone or an Android, chances are that every single move you make is being tracked, location by location, including
Hearing Loss Is A Major Problem You Can Avoid -- Here's How Experts say hearing loss is an epidemic, but you don't have to fall victim to it.
Fewer Americans Are Using Home Broadband To Go Online Meanwhile, the number of people relying on cellphones alone for Internet is on the rise.
Tim Cook \Apple pays every tax dollar we owe,\ Cook said.
Take A Virtual Reality Tour Around The White House This Christmas It's way more festive than your home.
Here's What U.S. Cities Googled The Most In 2015 Americans everywhere seem to be interested in celebrities in distress.
People Are Obsessed With The Dark Side On Google I sense a disturbance in the Force.
Why Some People In The U.S. Still Don't Have Internet Access Hint
Apple Names Jeff Williams New COO The tech giant also appointed a new senior vice president for hardware technologies.
4 Gift Ideas To Teach Young Kids How To Code So many options!
The Huge Growth In Tech Has Created Digital Inequality We live in an age of amazing tech, but not everyone knows how to use it to their advantage.
Lawmakwers To Vote On Measure Including Controversial Cybersecurity Bill This Week The bill, which encourages companies to share cyber threat information with the government, has raised concerns about privacy and transparency.
Tinder's Latest Move Could Help Save Lives Swiping through Tinder can be like opening a box of chocolates. You never know who you might get.
California Says Self-Driving Cars Still Require Human Drivers People aren't obsolete yet!
It Finally Happened Growing concerns about iPhone shipments have caused Apple shares to drop 4.4 percent over the past month.
Congress Ties Controversial Cybersecurity Bill To Key Spending Package And critics are not happy about it.
After Criticism, Uber Adds Wheelchair Option In D.C. This could be good news for people with disabilities who live in the nation's capital.
This Tinder Robot Can Choose Your Date Better Than You Can \u201cHello, human. I am True Love Tinder Robot. I\u2019m going to help you find love.\u201d
How To Block 'Star Wars' Spoilers On Social Media You don't need to be a Jedi to use these tricks.
Twitter Warns Some Users Of State-Sponsored Hack The notice said the attackers may have been trying to obtain information such as email addresses, IP addresses, and/or phone numbers.
Director Lesley Chilcott Urges Us To Call Out Gender Discrimination At Work The 'CodeGirl' director speaks out on women in technology.
Americans Still Don't Know What Climate Change Is, Google Shows How embarrassing.
Elon Musk's New Billion-Dollar Project To Stop Computers From Turning Evil \Our goal is to advance digital intelligence in the way that is most likely to benefit humanity as a whole.\
Bloomberg's Program To Build Better Cities Just Got Bigger More cities will receive grants to solve pressing local problems.
Michael Dell's Old Business Card Will Inspire You To Never Forget Your Roots We all start somewhere.
Google Launches Yet Another Way To Split The Check Instantly But is it handier than Venmo?
More States Just Dealt A Blow To Uber Drivers Seeking Benefits A total of 5 states are now backing Uber's view of drivers as independent contractors.
Satoshi's PGP Keys Are Probably Backdated And Point To A Hoax On Tuesday, both Wired and Gizmodo dropped a big bombshell
Walmart Is Launching Its Own Mobile Payment System It will be introduced in select U.S. stores Thursday, with more to come after the holidays.
A Workplace-Safe Version Of Facebook Is Coming Soon \You cannot play Candy Crush on Facebook at Work.\
Twitter Plans To Start Making Money Off People Who Don't Even Have Accounts The social network is experimenting with advertisements for logged-out users.
Yahoo Boss Marissa Mayer Gives Birth To Identical Twin Girls But expect her to head back into the office soon.
Why The Real Identity Of Bitcoin's Founder Matters For six years, the secretive inventor - or inventors - has lurked behind the pseudonym Satoshi Nakamoto.
To Combat Racial Bias By Airbnb Hosts, Try Blind Reservations Discrimination by Airbnb hosts is a challenge we need to solve.
Spotify May Reserve Some New Music For Paying Subscribers That free subscription is looking less and less appealing.
Another Tech Giant Is Getting Into The Self-Driving Car Game Hint
Facebook Responds To Critics Demanding Action Against ISIS \There is no place on Facebook for terrorists, terrorist propaganda or the praising of terror.\
Microsoft Is Trying To Predict The Next President Its new Bing Political Index will also help you compare the candidates.
Here's What We Talked About Most On Facebook In 2015 \Star Wars\? Check. ISIS? Of course. Climate change? Nope.
Facebook Lifts Ban On Rival Network Tsu The dispute began in late September, when Facebook removed 10 million posts containing links of references to Tsu.
How To Keep Your Kids' Data Safe Online Children have larger digital footprints than ever before. Here's what you need to know to protect them.
Your City Could Be The First To Embrace The Future Of Transportation A new contest offers $50 million to the city with the best plan.
Magic Printer Produces Its Own Paper This is the most exciting an Epson product has ever been.
Listen To Siri's Great Answer If You Ask About People With Disabilities Good job, Apple.
This Badonkadonk Case Is Apple's Fix For Crappy iPhone Battery Time to upgrade to XL-sized pockets.
This Could Be The Inventor Of Bitcoin Even as his\u00a0face towered 10 feet above the crowd at the Bitcoin Investor\u2019s Conference in Las Vegas, Craig Steven Wright was
Twitter's Latest Experiment Is Going To Confuse A Lot Of People Are you a loyal Twitter user? Brace yourself, because your favorite social media platform might get turned on its head
Super-Fast Google Fiber Internet May Be Coming To Two More Cities The service is already available in Kansas City, Austin, and Provo.
Proof That Apple Watch Owners Are Desperate To Convert You To Their Side Sixty-two percent of U.S. adults who already have an Apple Watch plan to give the gadget as a gift.
This Is Mark Zuckerberg's Most Important Meeting Right Now Finally, a CEO shows the world what really matters.
Amazon Founder Offers To Send Donald Trump To Space In a tweet, Jeff Bezos indicated Blue Origin will not discriminate against any American, even a xenophobic demagogue.
German Carmakers Want To Use Drivers' Data To Take On Google Maps Audi, BMW and Daimler bought Nokia Corp's HERE map business in August.
iPhone Owners Use Apple Maps More Than Google Maps The app has transformed substantially in three years.
JebBush.com Takes You To Donald Trump's Website Awkward!
Of Course This Was The Most Popular Emoji On Twitter This Year Is anyone surprised?
Spotify Knows All Your Dirty Music Secrets From 2015 Don't be ashamed!
9 Samsung Execs Are Being Investigated For Insider Trading They reportedly purchased $43 million of Cheil Industries stock before Samsung announced a controversial deal to combine Cheil and another Samsung company.
US Court Will Hear Net Neutrality Challenge Cable and telecom industry groups will urge a three-judge panel to throw out rules that require Internet providers to treat all Web equally.
How Using Your Phone To Pay For The Subway Can Help Fight Climate Change Eighty-one cities announced an ambitious partnership with MasterCard this week to reduce emissions.
Porsche Is Making Its First All-Electric Sports Car The Volkswagen-owned manufacturer will invest $1 billion and create more than 1,000 new jobs in Germany.
New York City BigApps Winners Show How Civic Tech Is Maturing The lesson for cities struggling to harness the power of data
Facebook Is Releasing Its Live Video Feature To Everyone Soon, you'll be able to stream your life to all of your friends.
Smartphones May Actually Be Killing TV, New Nielsen Data Shows So much for the \second screen\ theory.
Here's What Happens On Google After A Mass Shooting We've seen this pattern too many times.
Not All Video Games Are Bad For Us Video games. A time-honored way to put off homework, spend time with friends, and rewire our brains.
Cyber Week 2015 Did you miss Cyber Monday and Black Friday? It's not too late!
The 10 Most-Liked Instagram Photos Of 2015 It's a woman's world on Instagram this year.
Soon You May Be Able To Hail An Uber From Any App Developers will also earn money for every new rider who uses the \Ride Request\ button.
Technology Can't Solve Problems By Itself, Say Zuckerberg And Chan \Building a better world starts with building strong and healthy communities.\
Samsung Is Losing Its Edge Blame Apple.
If Uber Kills Cabs, Cities Must Ensure Accessible Vehicles Live \This is more urgent than people realize.\
Your Next Racist Tweet Could Appear On A Billboard Outside Your House Using geotagged data, a Brazilian campaign exposes people who make hateful comments online.
RIP Flash So long, farewell.
How Tech Is Pulling Ahead Of Politics In The Fight For Our Future World leaders will make major decisions on climate change at the COP21 conference in Paris -- but technology is already putting us on the right path.
Why Not Everyone Wants The Latest iPhone Remember flip phones? They're still here.
VTech Hack Leaves Millions Of Parents -- And Their Kids -- Exposed The breached database contained children's names, genders and birth dates.
Cyber Monday 2015 May Set A New Record Consumers just can't get enough.
Cyber Monday 2015 These are 11 of the hottest deals this year.
Cyber Monday 2015 'Tis the season to be giving \ud83c\udf81
4 Tips For A Safe Cyber Monday Don't get duped.
WATCH The 'paradox of choice' could be preventing us from finding love
Black Friday 2015 These are 10 of the hottest deals ahead of Black Friday
Best TV Deals On Black Friday 2015 Deals don't get any hotter than this.
Meet Walk-Man, The Emergency Response Robot Imagine if robots could do the most dangerous jobs.
The Top Laptop Deals Of Black Friday 2015 Get the waters churning for this laptop frenzy.
This Shockingly Common Object Could Be A Key Weapon To Combat Climate Change \ud83d\udd0b\ud83d\udd0b\ud83d\udd0b
Don't Buy Your Rich Friends A Tablet For Christmas We'll tell you why.
Why Online Gambling Is Still Illegal In Most U.S. States Despite revenue growth, Internet gambling is only legal in three U.S. states.
Self-Driving Cars May Be Coming Sooner Than You Thought \Breathtaking progress has been made.\
Here's How This Guy Took A Pioneering Selfie In 1935 All he needed was a piece of string.
Would Anyone Be Able To Cook A Turkey Without Google's Help? Without it, we'd all be eating microwave pizza for Thanksgiving.
WATCH Companies are incentivizing their employees to sign-off for their health. Erica Keswin of OPR Consulting explains the growing
Amazon Resets Some User Passwords Over Fears Of Leak But don't freak out.
Your Phone Is Your Secret Weapon For Holiday Shopping A number of new apps will let customers order out-of-stock items for home delivery, check store prices and even summon a clerk.
Dad Reenacts 'Street Fighter II Turbo' Victory Dances, Wins Internet Now if only there were some way he could express his triumph.
If 1 Million People Get New Drones This Holiday, Registering Them Better Be Easy Let's hope consumers won't end up frustrated at the \Department of Drone Vehicles.\
Here's A Look At The Coolest New Eco-Friendly Cars Hitting Roads Soon Toyota, Honda and Hyundai showcased their new fuel-cell vehicles at the Los Angeles auto show.
Power Companies Could Use Drones To Save Lives, Cut Costs But regulations stand in their way.
More Evidence That This Emoji Really Is The Greatest Of All Oxford's \word of the year\ (\ud83d\ude02) is big on Twitter, too.
As Encryption Debate Gets Fiercer, Silicon Valley And D.C. Collide The two sides aren't exactly seeing eye to eye after the Paris attacks.
Mark Zuckerberg Will Take 2 Months Of Paternity Leave The head of Facebook shared the big news -- and a cute new photo.
How To Avoid Online Charity Scams This Holiday Season Do your research and don't get snookered.
The Flight From Conversation The psychologist Sherry Turkle argues that replacing face-to-face communication with smartphones is diminishing people\u2019s capacity for empathy.
The Surprising Thing You Never Noticed About Apple Hello, @Apple. Can you hear me?
The Dark Side Of The Digital Age Smartphones are ruining relationships. If you don\u2019t agree, read Sherry Turkle\u2019s \u201cReclaiming Conversation
Talk To Each Other, Not Your Phone My recent Sunday Review essay, adapted from my book \u201cReclaiming Conversation,\u201d made a case for face-to-face talk. The piece
Sherry Turkle On The Power Of Talking (Face To Face) \u201cWho in this cafe is talking?\u201d Sherry Turkle looks around a trendy coffee shop in Downtown Crossing. The walls are lined
Most In US Will Use Amazon For Online Holiday Shopping This Year Traditional retailers have been pushing into e-commerce, but their efforts have fallen short.
The Surprising Low-Tech Thing You Need To Enjoy Virtual Reality Are you ready for the VR revolution?
MEOW! Be Careful What You Tweet Or You Might Get Some Spam An online privacy advocate with a love for cats and too much free time has crafted an innocent spamming scheme.
5 Smart Toys For Your Tech-Savvy Kids This Holiday Season Give them a break from the video games.
NYT It\u2019s a wretched yet predictable ritual after each new terrorist attack
The Dark Side Of Free Gum Corporations want to use your health data for better marketing, and they're offering goodies so you'll give it to them.
Of Course Tinder Founder Doesn't Know What 'Sodomy' Is Sean Rad's foot is in his mouth. Again.
6 Streaming Devices To Buy This Holiday Season Goodbye, productivity.
Google's Getting Cozy With Texas The Lone Star State wants it cars to be autonomous, too.
Apple Pay Is Expanding The mobile payment service will be available in new countries starting this week.
Uber's Offering Something Better Than Rides This Thursday Here's something everyone should take advantage of.
Kids Try Walkman For First Time, Cassette Tapes Confuse Them DO NOT pull the ribbon.
Here's How Google Will Get You To Use Google Plus Again The new version isn\u2019t just an update. It\u2019s lean, mean and completely redesigned.
Even Google Is Waiting On The DMV California regulators want Google to prove its self-driving cars are as safe as people.
Wake Up, Game Awards This year's celebration of the best in video gaming only had one female judge on a panel of 32 people.
After Criticism, Mark Zuckerberg Says Facebook Will Activate Safety Check For More Human Disasters Providing equitable access to tools like Safety Check around the globe isn't just a helpful thing for Facebook to do
Use Facebook To Say You're 'Safe' During Events Like Paris Attacks The Safety Check feature will tell friends when you're out of danger.
The Battle To Save Silicon Valley's Oldest Trailer Park \u201cIt\u2019s not a big mansion,\u201d Amanda Serrano says of her ageing off-white trailer in plot 59 of the Buena Vista mobile home park
Snapchat Users Don't Want To Start Paying For Lenses The good ones cost 99 cents.
Yik Yak Isn't So Anonymous, Turns Data Over To Police The Missouri student arrested this week after making threats via the app wasn't the first to be unmasked.
Airbnb Exec The boast comes as the company faces scrutiny after a man died at one of its rentals.
The Woman Behind The Game-Changing 'Star Wars Battlefront' Sigurlina Ingvarsdottir talks to us about giving the \Star Wars\ universe the diversity it so badly needs.
This App Helps People With Visual Impairments Watch Movies Launched in Turkey, the app is expected to be used by 800,000 people by 2016.
Google Maps Launches New And Improved 'Offline' Feature The offline navigation feature launched on Android on Tuesday and will come to iOS devices soon.
Empowering Young Girls to Become the Future Leaders of the Digital Era Over the past few years, we've seen the technology industry in the North East thrive and I think it's safe to say that the
Bridging the Gap Bridging the Gap
What A Clash Between Press And Mizzou Protestors Can Teach Us You can't divorce the history of how U.S. media have depicted minorities from the distrust college activists have today.
Ellen Pao Won't Stop Talking About Sexism In Tech. And Neither Should You. \u201cYou are not alone. There are millions of women and men who are supporting you and want you to succeed.\
'Professor Astro Cat' Is The Educational App Kids Will Actually Want If only we had this when we were in elementary school.
Google Just 'Open Sourced' Its Artificial Intelligence Engine Tech pundit Tim\u00a0O\u2019Reilly had just tried the new Google Photos app, and he was amazed by the depth of its artificial intelligence
Own A Vizio Smart TV? It's Watching You. Own a\u00a0Vizio Smart TV?\u00a0It's Watching You by Julia Angwin ProPublica,\u00a0 Nov.\u00a09,\u00a02015,\u00a011:57 a.m. TV makers are constantly crowing
Your Arm Might Be The Keyboard Of The Future A new interface using special glasses and a smart watch will allow a virtual keyboard to display on a user's arm.
Toyota Makes Major Investment In Artificial Intelligence The Japanese automaker is pouring $1 billion into new research that could bring self-driving car technology into everyday life.
Get Ready For A 'Call Of Duty' Movie Game-maker Activision Blizzard is expanding into the TV business, as well, with a \Skylanders\ series planned for 2016.
Watch This Flagship Android Phone Get Snapped In Half It makes a sickening crack when it splits apart. Shudder!
Bad Technology Is Failing Good People -- But That's Changing As cities try to use tech for good, they'll need to do a better job focusing on the needs of everyone, not just elites.
How Black Colleges Are Taking Tech\u2019s Diversity Issue Into Their Own Hands Leslie Tita\u2019s tone grows oddly anxious as he curls into the back of a Lyft, and speeds away from Howard University. Tita
Teens Are Spending A Surprising Amount Of Time On Smartphones Over the span of nine hours, there's time to accomplish many tasks
Google Will Now Write Email Replies For You We knew this day would come.
Inside Facebook's Plan To Build An Artificial Brain \The beauty of AI systems is that we can get enough scale to deploy this to everyone on the planet.\
Twitter Kills 'Favorite' Button, Replaces With Heart-Shaped 'Likes' \You might like a lot of things, but not everything can be your favorite.\
Teens Spend About 9 Hours On Screens Every Day Experts are concerned about how much young people are multitasking.
Why Twitter's New 'Like' Button Is A Big Deal In its effort to go mainstream, Twitter risks alienating its most loyal users, who do not
'Serial' Season 2 Will Launch On Pandora Season 1 will also be available on Pandora on Nov. 24.
'Clash Of Clans' Company Made An Absurd Amount Of Money Last Year Mobile gaming company Supercell had a reported income of 871 million euros, nearly 10 times that of Nokia.
SXSW The festival wants to compensate with a full-day summit on the issue.
Review \The future of TV is apps.\
Don't Expect iPhones To Get Cheaper Anytime Soon \Affordable\ monthly payment plans might actually keep overall prices high.
PayPal Back Up After Suffering From Temporary Global Outage Hundreds of users complained their payments wouldn't go through.
Hewlett-Packard Is Splitting Into Two Companies HP Inc. will sell personal computers and printers; Hewlett-Packard Enterprise will sell commercial computer systems, software and tech services.
After Canceling Panel On Harassment, SXSW Now Considering Day-Long Event SXSW festival organizers are considering an all-day event that focuses primarily on combatting online harassment, sources
China's Hunger For iPhones Keeps Growing Sales in China accounted for nearly a quarter of Apple's total third-quarter sales.
Eco-Friendly Smart Cars Take Spotlight At Major Auto Show -- And They Look Awesome Nissan, Toyota and Honda are embracing smart, green technology, but winning social acceptance in Japan remains a challenge.
How The Internet's Most Earnest Evangelist Became Its Fiercest Critic Jonathan Harris has spent much of his time lately doing two things
Happy Jailbreaking, America The Librarian of Congress made it legal for consumers to unlock their computing devices and run any software they wish.
Limited Video Game Time Could Help Kids With ADHD, Study Suggests The study showed that 30 minutes of gaming helped improve kids' working memory and levels of attention.
IBM Is About To Change The Way We Forecast Weather Its latest acquisition might sound boring, but it could actually improve your life.
Donald Trump Is Your Drunk Uncle At Thanksgiving With This Chrome Extension Everyone's got one. And now, America's got one.
iPhone Sales Off By 1.4 Percent, But It's Still Apple's Most Profitable Fourth Quarter Ever The company's overall profits hit $11.12 billion.
New 'Star Wars Be still, my Ewok heart!
This Underwater Drone Could Let You Explore The Ocean It's perfect to hunt sunken treasures! \ud83d\udcb0
A 97-Year-Old Visits Google, Is Flabbergasted By 'The Future' Olive Horrell got to visit the tech company's Mountain View campus thanks to Wish of a Lifetime.
New York Launches Investigation Into Major Internet Providers Over Connection Speeds Letters were sent on Friday to Verizon, Cablevision and Time Warner Cable.
Airlines Work Together To Declare War On Cyber Attackers \Protecting our industry from cyber threats is hard, probably one of the hardest things we are facing because we do not know what we are facing or for what we have to prepare.\
Walmart Wants To Test A Drone Delivery Service The retail giant will use drones manufactured in China.
New 'BroadwayHD' Site Will Stream Live Theater The service hopes to be the Netflix of Broadway.
Brace Yourself For Even More Facebook Notifications Here's the latest update that Facebook hopes will suck you in.
There's Probably $900,000 Worth Of Apps On Your Smartphone Go buy yourself a nice, big gumball.
New Google Project Delivers Critical Info To Refugees' Smartphones And it's designed so that it won't waste precious battery power.
Jack Dorsey To Give A Third Of His Stock To Twitter Employees Last week, 336 Twitter employees were laid off. Now Dorsey hopes to \reinvest directly in our people.\
Congress Needs To Get Smarter About Tech. Here's How It Could Do That It's not rocket science.
Facebook Admits Its App Drains iPhone Battery, Releases Fix It wasn't just you. Facebook really is making your iPhone die faster.
Use Twitter Like A Pro With These Simple Keyboard Shortcuts So easy!
Google Seeks Allies In Its War Against Ad-Blocking \We need to work together to create a standard for better ads online.\
Hands-Free Tech Like Siri Can Be Dangerous For Drivers, Study Says Voice-activated technologies can distract drivers and pose hidden dangers.
Senator Wonders If 'Pro-Botnet' Caucus Derailed His CISA Amendment \No comment,\ say the zombie computers of congressional aides.
American Women Are Getting More Sleep Than Men Women get an average of 20 more minutes of sleep nightly, according to a study by Jawbone.
Martin O'Malley Mingles With Startup Founders, Makes Pitch To Save His Campaign The former Maryland governor is aligning himself closely with a growing movement to use technology for civic purposes.
Twitter CEO Apologizes For Shutting Down Sites That Save Politicians' Deleted Tweets However, it's unclear if Twitter plans to reverse its decision.
Apple, Facebook Come Out Against Controversial Cybersecurity Bill \The trust of our customers means everything to us and we don't believe security should come at the expense of their privacy.\
This DeLorean Doesn't Fly, But It Does Drive Itself Where they're going, they still need roads. But at least they don't need a human to steer.
25 Tips For Remaking Cities In The iPhone Age With national politics gridlocked, it is up to cities to drive solutions.
These Simple Facebook Shortcuts Will Save You Time Don't waste another precious second of your life.
6.5 Million Reportedly Pay For Apple Music Streaming Service Another 8.5 million customers have signed up three-month trials.
Here's What Climate Change Could Do To Your Diet Catherine Woteki, a top food scientist, highlighted the role that precision agriculture, genetic engineering and bugs could play in feeding the growing human population.
Former Federal Agent Sentenced To 6 Years For Stealing Silk Road Bitcoins Carl Force was sentenced to 78 months in prison on charges of extortion, money laundering and obstruction of justice.
Get Ready To Stand In Line At The Department of Drone Vehicles The feds announced a plan to require recreational drone operators to register their devices with the government.
Google Tries To Win Back Microsoft Defectors With Free Software As an additional incentive, Google will pay up to $75,000 to each company switching to its software.
State Department's Cybersecurity Weakened Under Hillary Clinton From 2011 to 2014, the State Department's poor cybersecurity was identified by the inspector general as a \significant deficiency.\
Apple May Have Poached Electric Motorcycle Company To Death The tech giant has recruited dozens of auto experts from Mission Motors and other companies.
Google's Massive Book-Scanning Project Is Legal, U.S. Court Rules The Authors Guild had claimed that the effort violated copyright law.
Steve Ballmer Made A New Twitter Account, And Used It To Make A Surprising Announcement The former Microsoft CEO tweeted that he had bought 4 percent of Twitter stock.
Humans Don\u2019t Want A Robot That Is Too Perfect Unless it's the Vision, because that guy is awesome.
Alibaba Wants To Buy 'China's YouTube' The e-commerce giant already owns 18.3 percent of Youku Tudou, but has now offered to buy the rest of the shares as part of its push into online video.
The Ad Industry Is Finally Promising To Make Online Ads Less Terrible \We messed up,\ says executive from the Internet Advertising Bureau.
Netflix Gained 3.6 Million More Subscribers In 3 Months Netflix has picked up 16 million more subscribers during the past year alone, leaving the service with 69 million worldwide customers through September.
How New Secure Credit Cards Are Hurting Netflix And Other Companies Keep your credit card information updated. Netflix will thank you forever.
iPhone Gadget Turns Any Surface Into a Musical Instrument A door can be your new bass drum.
Tesla Cautions Drivers Against Trusting Its New Autopilot System Too Much The company debuted its autopilot system for Model S sedans on Thursday.
Some D.C. Businesses Are Abusing A Safety Program To Racially Profile People \3 female. 1 male strong smell of weed. All African American. Help please.\
All It Takes To Buy A Stolen Password On The Internet Is 55 Cents Entire digital identities can be bought by \anyone aspiring to criminal behavior.\
Apple Loses Patent Lawsuit To University Of Wisconsin-Madison A jury found Tuesday that Apple used technology owned by the university's licensing arm without permission.
Uber To Partner With Shopify For Same-Day Deliveries People in New York City, Los Angeles and San Francisco will be able to take advantage of the service starting Wednesday.
The Scientific, Data-Driven Guide To Online Dating Before you swipe right, here's what 4,000 scientific studies say about optimizing your online dating experience
Apple Unleashes Updated iMacs, Now With Retina Display The revamped iMacs will also have new storage options and more powerful processors and graphics.
336 Twitter Employees Sacked As New CEO Cuts Costs SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- Twitter is laying off 336 employees, signaling CEO Jack Dorsey's resolve to slash costs while the company
Facebook's 'On This Day' Feature Now Filters Out Depressing Memories Users had complained that the site's time capsule feature was dredging up sad things.
The 'Dfree' Is A Wearable To Help People Get To The Bathroom Before It\u2019s Too Late \We're here to help people maintain their dignity.\
Women Who Write About Tech Are Still Being Abused Online And about one-third of them report the harassment is getting worse.
Dell's New $67 Billion Deal Is One Of The Biggest In Tech History The combined business will create the world's biggest privately held integrated technology company.
How A Self-Described 'Hermit' Embraces Facebook \Things like the Internet make hermitage possible in a very practical way these days.\
Interest In 'Gun Control' Is Fading, Google Data Shows As usual, people appear to care in the days following a major shooting -- and then they lose interest.
Facebook Briefly Bans The Phrase 'Everyone Will Know' Should this have given us such a creepy feeling?
Re/Code Oct 9 (Reuters) - Twitter Inc is planning company-wide layoffs next week, technology news website Re/code reported on Friday
App Saves Lives By Connecting People With CPR Training To Cardiac Arrest Victims When a citizen responder is able to reach a victim before medical professionals arrive, the victim is more likely to survive.
Twitter Plans Company-Wide Layoffs For Next Week Jack Dorsey was named permanent CEO of Twitter on Monday, and a big reason he got the job was that as a co-founder, Dorsey
Apple Pay Is Finally Coming To Starbucks The mobile payment program will also expand to KFC and Chili, though customer demand for mobile wallets remain slow.
A Brief History Of Steve Jobs In Film \Steve Jobs\ is far from the first movie to spotlight the tech visionary.
California Can Teach The Rest Of Us An Important Lesson In Digital Privacy The state's landmark new law could show Washington how to protect civil liberties online.
Our Main Weapon Against Hackers Is A 30-Year-Old Law Its vague wording often leads to outlandish maximum sentences for hackers -- and some lawmakers want them to be even stricter.
Watch Every iPhone Ever Face The Ultimate Speed Test Get ready to be bummed if you're still on an iPhone 4.
Inside The Hunt For The Uber Hacker As many as 50,000 drivers' names and license numbers were illegally downloaded -- and the trail might lead to rival app Lyft.
Amazon Launches Etsy Rival 'Handmade At Amazon' Are you ready for walnut cufflinks?
New Chrome Extension Blocks Out Names, Photos Of Mass Shooters If you don't want to see them, this tool will hide them from you.
Google Launches New Program To Speed Up Mobile Web Google unveiled a new open source initiative today that it\u2019s calling the Accelerated Mobile Pages Project. The name kind
Mom Creates Dreamlike Art Using Just Her iPhone And Kids These images will transport you to a world somewhere between magic and reality.
Uncle Sam Wants YOU To Help Solve National Problems The use of prizes and challenges to engage the public in solving societal issues has grown by leaps and bounds.
Microsoft Debuts Surface Book, Its First Laptop, Plus Other New Gizmos Windows 10 is about to be on more devices than you could possibly have imagined.
Even Microsoft's New Fitness Band Runs On Windows 10 A new version of the Microsoft Band will cost $249 and be available on Oct. 30.
Instagram Takes Big 'Groufie' To Mark 5th Birthday Here's to another five years!
Jack Dorsey Named Permanent CEO Of Twitter No more \interim\ for him.
11 Unforgettable Lessons Steve Jobs Taught Us \Stay hungry. Stay foolish.\
Batman Tried To Warn Us About Robots 23 Years Ago In which the Dark Night smacks an evil robot clone with a sword.
Former DHS Director Chertoff \To me, the most frustrating thing is when people treat privacy and security as if they are trade-offs.\
Google Officially Becomes 'Alphabet' Shares of Google will automatically convert to stock in the new company.
We Should Be Worried About 'Peeple,' The App That Lets You Review Other Humans Here's another rating app that treats people like objects. This is going to be messy.
Amazon Lashes Out At Competitors, Banning Apple TV And Chromecast This might hurt your wallet.
Average Apple Watch Sells For $529, According To New Survey The Watch starts at $349 and goes up to $17,000 -- but a new study reveals that most people aren't getting anywhere close to the upper limit.
Facebook Announces Animated Profile Pics Oh boy.
White House Explores How 'Citizen Science' Can Help Society Crowdsourcing is giving us a better understanding of everything from traffic jams to the surface of Mars.
Tinder Demands Removal Of Billboard Linking App To STDs The foundation's billboard showed a man labeled \Tinder\ with a woman labeled \chlamydia.\
REPORT Twitter is building a new product that will allow users to share tweets that are longer than the company\u2019s 140-character
Twitter Plans To Go Beyond Its 140-Character Limit Twitter is building a new product that will allow users to share tweets that are longer than the company\u2019s 140-character
Armin Van Buuren, Luke Bryan Top List Of Most Dangerous Celebrities Online Usher, Britney Spears and Jay-Z round out the top five.
Apple's New iPhone Blazes Past Previous Record The tech giant reports it sold 13 million iPhone 6S and 6S Plus devices this weekend.
Video Games Rarely Warn For Smoking The Way They Do For Violence \The connection between viewing smoking imagery and adolescent smoking uptake has been well established by numerous studies, yet tobacco imagery in video games seems to be flying under the radar.\
Watch The New iPhone Get Dissected Like A Pig In Science Class \ud83d\udcf1\ud83d\udc37 \ud83d\udd2a
Finally, A Virtual Reality Headset That\u2019s Cheap And Actually Works Samsung announced its new $99 Gear VR at a press event Thursday.
How To Win At TechCrunch Disrupt TechCrunch Disrupt is in full swing in San Francisco -- and companies from all over are pitching their products and ideas
Facebook Takes A Step Toward Virtual Reality With New 360-Degree Videos \You\u2019ll be able to look around and experience it as if you were there.\
Pope Francis Hails Tech To Fight Climate Change In 'Our Common Home' The pontiff has a complicated relationship with technology, but he sees its potential in at least one area.
Headspace CEO On The Essential Weirdness Of Using Your Phone To Meditate Your smartphone is a distraction machine. But it can also help you embrace a more mindful life. Go figure.
Use These Special Pope Emojis And Be #Blessed #PopeIsHope
Microsoft Launches Office 2016 It requires Windows 7 or later.
One Thing About Virtual Reality That Everyone Should Remember Brilliant.
Amazon Slashes Price Of Prime Membership -- For 1 Day Only The company is celebrating its success at this year's Emmy Awards.
Kickstarter Focuses Its Mission On Altruism Over Profit As a public benefit corporation, legal experts say Kickstarter is holding itself to a particularly high standard of transparency.
Apple Broke A New Record With iOS 9 And the cycle continues.
Apple Accelerates Development Of Its Electric Car Apple Inc. is accelerating efforts to build an electric car, designating it internally as a \u201ccommitted project\u201d and setting
The Government Is Learning How To Change Your Behavior -- Supposedly For Your Own Good Governments should be obligated to disclose how behavioral science and technology are used in public policy.
Apple Could Learn Something From Amazon's New Tablet For Tots Listen up, Apple.
Everything You Need To Know Before You Download iOS 9 You need at least 1.3 gigabytes of free space, for starters.
Mark Zuckerberg To Young Muslim Inventor The tech leader said Ahmed Mohamed's actions \should lead to applause, not arrest.\
Google \u2018Does Not Intend To Be A Car Manufacturer,\u2019 Execs Say \That is not something we could do alone.\
Look Out, Elon Musk Bezos\u2019 space startup, Blue Origin, intends to invest more than $200 million to build a rocket manufacturing facility adjacent to NASA\u2019s Kennedy Space Center.
Mark Zuckerberg \What they really want is the ability to express empathy,\ the Facebook CEO said.
This Dancing Baby Could Be Big Trouble For Music Companies \Today's ruling sends a strong message that copyright law does not authorize thoughtless censorship of lawful speech.\
Apple Expects Record-Breaking Sales For New iPhone And you thought last year's iPhone was a blockbuster.
'Starcraft II Prepare yourself for a mess of exploding aliens.
Google 'Super Mario' Right Now For A Little Surprise Everyone loves a Google Easter egg.
Finding The Right College Is Hard. This New Database Helps Students Choose Wisely. A new government website is helping Americans make more educated decisions about where they go to college.
Jimmy Kimmel Pranks Eager Apple Fans With Original iPhone They thought they were looking at the new iPhone 6S.
Game Review It'll make you feel like a kid again.
The Huffington Post Is Hiring A Tech Reporter The ideal candidate will have at least three years of experience writing for major publications and a demonstrated interest in gadgets, tech business, the future of our planet and sustainability.
Robot Actor Files For Screen Actors Guild Membership This robot's got talent. But does it deserve a place in SAG-AFTRA?
Ellen Pao Drops Lawsuit, But Refuses To Stay Silent On Women In Tech \Settlement might have provided me with financial benefits, but only at the great cost of silence.\
Get Ready To Capture Pok\u00e9mon In The Real World With Your Smartphone Now you can catch 'em all anywhere.
They're Here! Apple Announces New iPhone 6S, iPhone 6S Plus The new devices include \3D Touch\ technology.
Netflix Moves To Conquer Even More Of The World By the end of 2016, Netflix plans to reach 200 countries, including China.
Mom Is Really Excited About The New iPhone's '3D Touch' Score one for Apple.
Everything You Need To Know About The Newest Apple Products What you can get, and, more importantly, when you can get it.
Apple Announces Revamped Apple TV That Will Double As Gaming System \Our vision for TV is simple, and perhaps a little provocative.\
Apple Debuts Massive, 12.9-Inch iPad Pro \This is the most advanced display we have ever built.\
Apple Turns World's Oldest Catcall Into Product Demo This is what happens when there aren't enough women in tech.
Tinder Now Lets You 'Swipe Up' On People You REALLY Like Is this the neediest update ever?
11 Things We Wish The iPhone Could Do A screen that doesn't shatter when you blow on it would be great.
Pastor Outed In Ashley Madison Hack Commits Suicide \u201cHe talked about depression. He talked about having his name on there, and he said he was just very, very sorry.\u201d
Disney Inks New Deal With Amazon, Microsoft To Offer More Streaming Movies In More Places Get ready for more \Frozen,\ all day, every day.
Apple Is Hiring People To Predict What You're Thinking \What seemed like science fiction only four years ago has become an expectation.\
Samsung Wants Its New Device To Put You To Sleep Here's one gadget you'll want to take to bed with you.
Google 'Fun Facts,' And Reduce Your Productivity Immediately Search engine rolls out entertaining new feature.
'Dragon Ball Z' vs. 'Street Fighter II' Video Is Your Childhood Dreams Come True We are not worthy.
What You Should Think About Before Giving Your Child A Device A new infographic can help parents understand the pros and cons of their kids' screen time.
Take 'Star Wars' Home With The Painfully Cute BB-8 Droid The Force is strong with this one.
The Tech Under Bitcoin Could Verify Your Real Estate Records Online The electronic currency Bitcoin works because of encryption and a blockchain -- a widely accessible, distributed record of
This Company's Chips Are Already In Your House. IBM Wants To Connect Them To The Internet. Look around your house. Chances are, there\u2019s a computer chip based on the architecture of Advanced RISC Machines in it somewhere
Hackers Could Tap Into 'Smart' Baby Monitors With Ease Think twice before purchasing them.
Amazon Just Added More Dash Buttons The company is adding 11 more brands to the button, bringing the total to 29.
Some Android Phones Come With Malware Pre-Installed Researchers believe the malware is installed by third parties but couldn't pinpoint their location.
Apple Co-Founder Steve Wozniak Tweets Support For Bernie Sanders Woz feels the Bern.
Check Out Google's New Logo New font, brighter colors, same Google.
Ashley Madison Claims It's Signing Up Tons Of New, Completely Real Users We're not so sure.
eHarmony Wants To Set You Up... With Your Next Job \Nobody has really matched personalities in terms of the applicant and the supervisor. That's not something that LinkedIn or Monster do.\
Women Are Prizes In Video Games -- And That Should Bother You You can't ignore the latest video from GamerGate's biggest enemy.
Ashley Madison Chief Just Resigned Over Hacking Scandal That didn't take long.
Nintendo's Insanely Popular Amiibo Toys Just Went Indie Shovel Knight is getting his own amiibo figure.
Apple Will Probably Introduce A New iPhone Sept. 9 Who could have guessed?
Apple Gave A Major Shot In The Arm To Wearable Tech Love it or hate it, the Apple Watch is kind of on a roll.
Record 1 Billion People Used Facebook In A Single Day Wow.
POLL New research on\u00a0mobile device etiquette\u00a0from the Pew Internet and Life Project gave us insight into where American adults
Facebook Is Testing Its Own Siri-Like Feature It's called \M,\ and it might change how you use the popular social network.
Windows 10 Is Kind Of Taking Over The World It's been installed on more than 75 million devices, Microsoft says.
Microsoft's Vague New Privacy Terms, Explained You probably shouldn't pirate \Halo\ anymore.
Man Could Get Locked Up IRL For Sending Spam Messages On Facebook Wallace faces a $250,000 fine and up to three years in prison.
This Group Wants To Build A Giant Barrier To Pull Trash From The Pacific We're getting closer to a bluer ocean.
Cutting Off Politwoops, Twitter Follows The Needs Of Politicians, Not Public Interest The executives\u00a0who once called Twitter the \u201cfree-speech wing of the free-speech party\ don\u2019t work at Twitter\u00a0anymore. It
FTC Can Police Cyber Security, Appeals Court Rules Brands may now be held responsible for failing to protect their customers.
Law Enforcement To Dark Web Hackers \We [are] appealing to you to do the right thing.\
Apple To Replace Some iPhone 6 Plus Models Over Faulty Cameras The affected phones were mostly sold between September 2014 and January 2015.
Your Favorite Pokemon Will Brutalize Each Other In New Wii U Game \Pokken Tournament\ is coming at last.
Ashley Madison Hackers Speak Out For the past week, international media has reported on the hack of extramarital site Ashley Madison and its parent company
Samsung Will Give iPhone Owners A New Galaxy Phone To Try For $1 Claws come out.
Twitter's Shareholders Don't Believe The Company Can Transform As the company's business model shifts, Twitter's stock drops to its lowest point yet.
That Time 'Gilmore Girls' Predicted The Future Of Online News Lorelai Gilmore, you are an utter genius.
Ashley Madison Hackers Taunt CEO In New Data Dump Here we go again.
Ashley Madison Is The Latest Proof That The Internet Does Not Keep Secrets \Most people have no idea how vulnerable we are.\
'Final Fantasy VII' Is Officially Coming To iPhone Hope you stretched your thumbs this morning!
EXPERTS It's real, and very serious.
Ashley Madison Owner Confirms At Least Some Leaked Data Is Authentic But the company maintains that it never stored users' credit card information.
Hacker Pleads Guilty To Role In Over 77,000 Cyber Break-Ins Crocker faces up to three years in prison, a fine of $250,000, or both.
Google Debuts A New Way To Gchat With Your Friends A new website brings big cosmetic changes to Google Hangouts -- but should you use it?
Google Wants To Help More Homes Switch To Solar Energy OK, Google
Autocorrect Fail Leads To Delightful Birthday Cake Mistake Can't fault the baker for this.
Google's 'Alphabet' Announcement Trampled A Small Business In Rural Pennsylvania Calling your business Alphabet used to get you a top slot in the phonebook. Now it gets you buried by Google.
Siri Calls 911 For Teen Pinned Under Fallen Truck And he survived!
This Social Network Could Help You Get Into Your Dream College It offers a relatively cheap service that lets people see successful college essays and application tips by recently accepted students.
Your Facebook Events Are About To Look Different -- Here's Why New themes for \Event\ pages promise a bit more personality for your next birthday invite.
Apple Doubles Women, Minority Hires But Remains Very White Things are improving, but there's still work to be done.
Apple Is Building A Self-Driving Car Apple is building a self-driving car in Silicon Valley, and is scouting for secure locations in the Bay Area to test it, the
'BeerBots' Can Fetch Booze For People Too Lazy To Get Up They don't even require tips.
Our Relationship Status With Tinder And Dating Apps There's a lot going on in the \swipe-right\ generation.
Samsung Announces Two Really Large New Phones Take that, Apple.
Meet A Facebook Bounty Hunter Who Takes Down Impostor Accounts, For A Fee Celebrities, CEOs and preachers pay Kevin Long thousands of dollars a month to hunt down online fakers.
In Defense Of Tinder's Twitter 'Meltdown' The dating app wasn't going crazy, it was practicing the public relations of the future.
Tinder's Twitter Account Has Emotional Meltdown Over Vanity Fair Article This is what happens when you create an app everyone hates, but can't put down.
The Biggest Moments From 20 Years Of Google History We've been through a lot together.
#TotalHonestyTuesday Lets You Be Your True Self On Instagram Sometimes, you just need to lay it all out there.
Hackers Made $100 Million With Info From Stolen Press Releases \The lesson in this is your information is only as secure as the people you share it with.\
You Won't Believe How This Guy Beat 'Dark Souls' A gamer beat the notoriously hard action RPG using only voice controls -- and that could be good news for people with disabilities.
Google Once Made A Promise Not To Be Evil. Will Alphabet Uphold It? Google's new parent company is focused on entrepreneurs and world-changing ambition.
It's Possible To Stay Connected And Still Enjoy Vacation -- Just Ignore Work If you have tips, tricks and ideas about how to integrate or disentangle different kinds of technology from your summer vacations
Electric Sensors Let You Use Your Phone By Touching Your Skin It's just so magical.
Cheap Drones Are Interfering With Firefighters' Work \If that drone came through my windshield, I have no idea what could have happened.\
Internet Access Still Limited For Low-Income, Uneducated Americans Fifteen percent of Americans don't use the Internet. That percentage spikes when you look at people who have less than a high school education and those who make less than $30,000.
Apple\u2019s Fall iPhone Event To Be Held Sept. 9 Apple hasn\u2019t yet officially announced its annual fall media event, but it\u2019s definitely planning one \u2014 and the date is fast
Verizon Drops Contracts And Subsidies For New Customers Verizon announced Friday that it will stop subsidizing phones for new customers, at the same time fully doing away with two
Teens Use Tech To Build Relationships, Not Destroy Them Texting, Instagram, Snapchat and Twitter aren't just forms of interaction -- they're part of our real-world relationships.
iTunes Is Illegal Under UK Copyright Law The High Court recently overturned private copying exceptions introduced last year by the UK Government, once again outlawing
These Jeans Will Charge Your iPhone While It Sits In Your Pocket Pretty ingenious.
Nintendo's Latest 'Zelda' Arrives In October It's multiplayer!
Google To Expand Its Superfast Fiber Internet Service Cause to celebrate in San Antonio.
New 'Star Wars Battlefront' Trailer Reveals Massive Aerial Battles We're drooling.
Can\u2019t Wake Up? This Bed Will Literally Kick You Out Need!
Apple Might Let Siri Take Control of Your Voicemails Answering voicemails is grunt work. Let Siri do it.
#ILookLikeAnEngineer Destroys The Tech Nerd Stereotype Think you know what an engineer is supposed to look like? Think again.
Even Self-Proclaimed 'Safe' Teen Drivers Play With Their Phones Behind The Wheel A whopping 88 percent own up to doing it, according to a new study.
If You Think The Apple Watch Is Ridiculous, You Ain't Seen Nothing Yet Yes, this is a thing.
How Tech Helped Deliver Wedding Memories To A Bed-Ridden Mother When 29-year-old Samantha Carisch walked down the aisle in Sonoma, California, last month, her heart rate pulsated at 115
Can You Spot The Emojis In These Real-Life Photos? It's an emoji invasion!
New 'Brain Training' App Could Help People With Schizophrenia LONDON (Reuters) -- A \brain training\ iPad game developed in Britain may improve the memory of patients with schizophrenia
Snowden As the Obama administration campaign to stop the commercialization of strong encryption heats up, National Security Agency
Forget Driverless Cars. Flying Vehicles Are Almost Here When was the last time you were stuck in traffic and wished you could press a button on the dashboard, turn your car into
Uber Valued At More Than $50 Billion Uber Technologies Inc. has closed a new round of funding valuing the five-year-old ride-hailing company at close to $51 billion
Uber Now Valued At Almost $51 Billion Investors in the latest round include Microsoft.
Facebook Drone With Frickin' Internet Lasers Ready For Testing Over the centuries, many projects with stratospheric ambitions, from pneumatic\u00a0trains\u00a0to space ships\u00a0-- have come to naught
Why We Should Focus On Our Babies, Not Our Screens Kids can reap many benefits from using apps -- once they hit a certain age.
This Very Simple Computer Program Could Help Veterans With PTSD Researchers think it has promise.
Hackers Launch Second Cyber Attack On Planned Parenthood This \shows how far opponents of safe and legal abortion will go,\ Planned Parenthood official says.
More Bad News For Android Users Another security glitch has been discovered.
Hot New Website \u2018Facebook\u2019 Is Lighting Up The Charts O rly?
Google's New Feature Will Help You Avoid Other Humans People? Yuck.
HBO Now Comes To Verizon It'll be billed as part of your monthly Internet service.
Everything You Need To Know About Windows 10 SAN FRANCISCO (AP) \u2014 Microsoft's new Windows 10 operating system debuts Wednesday, as the longtime leader in PC software
Researchers Discover Major Android Security Flaw, Many Phones At Risk Android is the most popular mobile operating system on Earth:\u00a0About 80 percent of smartphones run on it. And, according to
Google Study Confirms All Of Our Suspicions About Online Ads Research proves those annoying full-page ads just don't work.
Instagram Restricted Sandra Bland Hashtag To Block Hate Speech Enforcing civility at the Internet's hyper-quick pace isn't easy.
Android 'Stagefright' Bug Leaves Up To 950 Million Devices At Risk Update your phone's software as soon as you can.
Fiat Chrysler Recalls 1.4 Million Cars Following Jeep Hacking Incident Fiat Chrysler has decided to recall about 1.4 million cars and trucks in the U.S. just days after two hackers detailed how they were able to take control of a Jeep Cherokee SUV over the Internet.
Apple CEO Tim Cook As the 25th anniversary of the Americans with Disability Act draws near, how the landmark accessibility law will apply to
Silicon Valley Vows To Improve Tech For People With Disabilities Because tech should be for everyone.
A Commodore Computer From The 1980s Is Still Heating Schools In Michigan It's a Commodore Amiga. Really.
No Butts About It Pocket-dialing someone is akin to leaving your windows uncovered, says Judge Danny Boggs.
Facebook Can\u2019t Prevent Your Posts From Being Used Against You In Court New York judges unanimously reject Facebook's appeal.
Ikea, You Tried :(
Do You Use Someone Else\u2019s Netflix Password? You\u2019re Not Alone Not by a long shot.
We Need To Protect Drivers' Privacy As We Connect Cars To The Internet, Sen. Blumenthal Says Whether consumers choose privacy over convenience is one of the \central questions of our time.\
Google Patents A Way To Search A Video Archive Of Your Life \OK, Google Glass. Who did I meet last night?\
Knight News Challenge Gives $3.2M To 22 Ideas To Inform The Public And Increase Voting New projects aim to increase civic engagement in the face of historically low voter turnout
How The Tech Elite Really Introduce Their Kids To Technology Technology can be good for kids, but parents must strike a balance.
Donald Trump Is Currently The Most Googled Presidential Candidate These are some of the classiest, most successful Google searches ever created by God.
Google Just Took Another Small Step Toward Replacing Your Brain Memories are for cavemen.
Here's Another Hint That An Apple Car Is Coming Apple just made an interesting hire. Do we hear engines revving?
Senate Bill Aims To Lock Hackers Out Of Connected Cars The road to our connected future may be paved with good intentions, but it may not be secure enough to drive on. As reporter
12 Hilariously True Cartoons That Skewer Our Addiction To Tech So real.
On The 25th Anniversary Of The ADA, The Future Of Online Accessibility Is In Limbo The White House is still reviewing rules for how websites should accommodate those with disabilities.
'Civic Eagle' App Wants To Bring Americans Face To Face In Online Debate With mobile-native \mini-video debates,\ everybody can join the conversation.
Americans Will Soon Order Most Of Their Food Online, Further Shunning Human Interaction We've turned into a country of hungry isolationists.
Tomorrow's Tech Stars Sound Off On Why Silicon Valley Should Embrace Diversity \I wouldn't be able to get into Facebook ... if they don't change their percentages in minorities.\
'Angry Birds 2' Is Officially Coming This Summer Ready thy thumbs!
Like, Share And, Now, Shop On Facebook Facebook has reportedly started to build little\u00a0\shops\ within its Facebook Pages. According to BuzzFeed News, which first
Former Reddit CEO Ellen Pao I have just endured one of the largest trolling attacks in history. And I have just been blessed with the most astonishing
'HBO Now' Wriggles Free From Apple's Grasp No iPhone, no problem.
White House Wants To Close Homework Gap Approximately 55 percent of low-income children under 10 can't access the Internet from home.
Oculus Rift Is Going To Get A Whole Lot Cooler Imagine using your actual hands -- scars, freckles, hair and all -- in a 3D virtual world.
These Phone Notifications Could Actually Change Your Kid's Life Here's one genuinely brilliant use for text messages.
Reddit Just Banned Bullying, 'Anything Illegal' Prepare for the backlash.
Google Will Soon Let You Buy Things Using Your Voice Just say what you want and tap to have it shipped. Like magic.
Samsung Just Unveiled Its Thinnest Phone Ever Hot damn! This thing is thin!
Here's What Happens When You're Too Obsessed With Instagram Be generous with your \Likes.\
Apple Just Unveiled A New iPod -- Remember Those? What year is it, Apple?
People Actually Bought These Awful Things On Amazon's 'Prime Day' How are any of these a thing?
Facebook Controls What News People Read. That\u2019s A Problem It's Facebook's world. We just live in it.
Sony Is Killing Its Quirkiest PlayStation Games Get 'em while you can.
Facebook's Secret Project Could Run Errands For You Think of it as a personal assistant who can get you food or hail you a taxi.
Comcast\u2019s High-Speed Fiber Service Will Cost $300/Month Just For Internet For just for the broadband service, customers will be charged $299.95/month.
It's Time To Talk About The 'Gig Economy' Hillary Clinton says we need to look critically at companies like Airbnb and Uber. She's right.
Here Are 7 Unforgettable Quotes From Nintendo's Satoru Iwata Colleagues and friends remember him as a gaming visionary.
How Digital Platforms Like LinkedIn, Uber And TaskRabbit Are Changing The On-Demand Economy For instance, driving for Lyft or Uber can provide significant supplemental wages\u00a0or be a temporary gig with a great deal
See 54 Years Of Internet History In One Cool Timeline Connecting billions of devices, machines, sensors and appliances to the Internet could\u00a0generate tremendous economic value
To Protect Your Privacy, Avoid Sharing These Things Online It doesn't take a cyber-security expect to know that you shouldn't share your email password or Social Security number on
In The Debate Over Strong Encryption, Security And Liberty Must Win Protecting the privacy of citizens from those who would do them harm or steal from them is now intrinsically bound to encrypting devices, communications and data.\n\nThat's true whether for cellphones, email, health records, tax transcripts or the personnel files of  tens of millions of public servants.
How Black Twitter Helped Take Down The Confederate Flag The story behind a hashtag that helped transform the nation's opinion at hyper-speed.
Facebook's Small New Update Is Actually Pretty Huge On Thursday, Facebook announced a change to its News Feed
Federal Election Commission Shows How To Disclose Data In A Digital Democracy On Tuesday, the Department of Homeland Security showed\u00a0how to deploy government technology poorly. Now, the Federal Election
NYC\u2019s Chief 'Nerd In City Hall' Wants Internet Access And Equality For All Based upon your experiences to date, what advice would you give to other people in the tech industry considering public service
New Federal Government App Solves The Wrong FOIA Problems, Poorly I've asked DHS all of these questions. If I receive a response to them or to the FOIA request that may or may not have been
13 Tips For Parenting When Screens Are Everywhere When I started writing a column about parenting and screen time this spring, I talked to a lot of people about technology
This Is Why You Should Never Send A Terrorist Threat To An Airline On Twitter A Twitter user is learning the hard way that threatening a major airline on social media is not the best idea. In a statement
Heartbleed I'm sure you've heard the news about Heartbleed by now (unless you're in vacation wonderland and have taken a tech break). This is a serious vulnerability in the core of the Internet and is something we all should be concerned about.
6 Ways College Grads Can Protect Their Online Reputations The prospective employer these days may be more interested in what your name pulls up in search engines than how perfectly coordinated your shoes are with your power suit.
Instagram Down We\u2019re working to fix a feed delivery issue. Thank you for your patience. \u2014 Instagram (@instagram) April 12, 2014 A representative
Digital Marketing In The Era Of The Empowered Consumer Even though Brinker's passion is marketing tools he says at the end of the day they are but a means to an end. The real focus is how marketing is changing to deliver a better customer experience with digital technologies, which comes down to the people and process.
Yahoo Looking To Enter Original Programming Game Web giant Yahoo is not known for online video, but it's looking to change that. The company is close to ordering four different
Google Really, Really Wants To Trademark The Word 'Glass' According to The Wall Street Journal, the company submitted an application last year for a trademark on the word, but was
Mozilla CEO's Resignation Sparks Debate In Silicon Valley AN APOLOGY Some cheered his resignation, including OkCupid. Before his resignation, Eich posted an apology on his blog for
The Evolution of Online Safety Over time it became increasingly obvious that some of the biggest risks to kids came not from dangerous adults but from themselves and other kids.
How Mark Zuckerberg's Control Of Facebook Lets Him Print Money When Mark Zuckerberg pays astronomical prices for unprofitable start-ups like Oculus ($2 billion) and WhatsApp ($19 billion
Be Your Family's Chief Security Officer I won't lie
Privacy Is More Than Locking Your Doors There are 10 distinct meanings of privacy.
Revealed Back in January, I wrote about \u201cThe Techtopus\u201d \u2014 an illegal agreement between seven tech giants, including Apple, Google
Drugstore Delivery Drones Are Coming To San Francisco \u201cWell, we know that gentrification is a hot topic in the Mission and we want to be sensitive to that,\u201d a QuiQui representative
Bill Gates Sounds Skeptical Of Zuckerberg's WhatsApp Deal Besides the high price, the Facebook-WhatsApp deal has also been controversial because of the companies' opposing takes on
The Guardian's Chief Digital Officer on Going 'Digital-First' 4. Embrace the ethos of continual development - The Guardian has adopted a very iterative, agile approach for their product
A New U.S. Global Policy in Communications The developing countries were expressing their frustration with what they were calling a form of electronic colonialism with
This Is The Worst Coupon Of All Time Thanks? The CFA Institute's David Schawel noticed this Google Offer for \free napkins when you buy coffee.\ But that's not
Twitter Pays $36 Million To Avoid IBM Patent Suit Twitter wants to reform the patent system. But for the moment, it\u2019s still paying big bucks to avoid the kind of software
Russia Goes for Gold in Internet Regulation The NSA revelations have badly hobbled the United States' ability to be a force for moral leadership in this debate. The
Making Sense of All That Data The course is self-paced which means you can log on anytime day or night.  You will be learning the basics of data organization, the steps of the data process, how to create and use Google Fusion Tables, how to organize and create charts.
Inside The Monumental Offices Of Tech Giants Big Internet companies love to talk about how they are \u201cdisrupting\u201d one thing or another, but they still want what big companies
DIY Home Security Automation is easy Surveillance cameras. The latest technology allows you to remotely view your premises. Your phone will receive an alert from
Space Debris Demands a Global Approach While there is still more ground to cover, if we work together as a global industry, these immediate steps can help ensure a dramatic movie plot does not become our stark reality.
Google Will Soon Know You Better Than Your Spouse Does, Top Exec Says As creepy as this may sound to some, Kurzweil -- who has long contended that computers will outsmart us by 2029 -- believes
Netflix Makes A Deal With Comcast To End Traffic Jam Read more on Reuters The announcement comes as Comcast prepares to acquire Time Warner Cable for $45 billion, a deal that
FCC Can Free the Cities Most cities, therefore, already subsidized in some small way by a cable franchise or largesse of the local telephone monopoly -- are afraid to act or simply unaware of the stakes. This new thinking on the part of the FCC could free the cities.
Comcast And Netflix Make A Deal To End Traffic Jam At the same time, Federal regulators are wrestling with an issue known as \Net neutrality\ concerning broadband providers
These 20 Pokemon Will Make You Think Twice Before Trying To Catch 'Em All Without further ado, here are the 20 weirdest, most random Pokemon that have been created since the beginning of the series
Apple Security Flaw Could Allow Hackers To Intercept Emails Apple released software patches and an update for the current version of iOS for iPhone 4 and later, 5th-generation iPod
The Disappointing Contradictions of WhatsApp Being Acquired By Facebook The founders of WhatsApp, a smartphone messaging service that is wildly popular around the world, proudly declared they would never make their users the product. They built their brand off of this guiding philosophy and used it to differentiate themselves in a crowded market.
'Neknominate' Is a Stupid and Potentially Deadly Online Dare Game New twist on a very old theme The Mirror, a British tabloid reported about a 29 year-old who died as a result of quickly
UH-OH This is probably not the best way to start off life under Facebook. We reached out to WhatsApp for more details and will
On the Timing of iOS's SSL Vulnerability and Apple's \u2018Addition' to the NSA's PRISM Program Sure would be interesting to know who added that spurious line of code to the file. Conspiratorially, one could suppose the
Meet The Man Who Uncovered The Target Hack SAN FRANCISCO \u2014 In the last year, Eastern European cybercriminals have stolen Brian Krebs\u2019s identity a half dozen times, brought
Tightening up Security Is Everyone's Responsibility IT professionals are only as good as their weakest link
Do CIOs Need Passion To Succeed? Analysts Debate Here are 5 hot themes for 2014 that CIOs will want to keep in mind as they head into the age of digital.
Tea Leaves on Comcast's Bid for Time Warner The first truly national cable television provider will be born and the tea leaves prophesy that it will grow to be bigger and way worse for consumers and competition than the Sprint-T-mobile merger could ever have been.
Tesla CEO Elon Musk Met With Apple Executives \u201cWhile a megadeal has yet to emerge (for all of its cash, Apple still plays hardball on valuation), such a high-level meeting
No, Facebook Didn't Crush Upworthy's Traffic Media analysts have been buzzing this last week about how this chart proves that a December change to the Facebook newsfeed algorithm is bringing the Upworthy media empire crashing down.
The Most Epic Game Of 'Pokemon' Is Happening Right Now Gif via Wario64 The image above shows the game unfolding on the left. On the right is the chat box, where you can see the
Kickstarter Hacked, Site Says Some Data Stolen Hackers breached the crowdfunding website Kickstarter and made off with some user information, the site revealed on Saturday
12 Reasons Google+ Isn't As Bad As You Think If you want to watch people using Google Glass, circle Glass Explorers Brett Lipton, Daniel Fontaine, Bobbie Today, Derek
How Mentoring May Be the Key to Solving Tech's Women Problem Without women to look to at the top, many women in STEM fields get discouraged and leave the workforce. However, one group is changing that.
Google Glass' Potential I see Google Glass as a critical platform in achieving this bright future of memory preservation. With the development of Glass, Evergram, and many more apps, neither discussed nor created yet, I see the possibility created for the easy collection and transmission of memories and thoughts.
There Has Never Been a Better Time for CIOs to Fix IT's Reputation A recent Gartner study predicts that by 2015, 25 percent of large global organizations will appoint a Chief Digital Officer (CDO). The CIO and Enterprise IT, Mike Kail, CIO of Netflix offers a refreshing perspective.
Kansas City Man Predicts ESurance Super Bowl Commercial Winner Before Announcement So how in the world is it possible that JohnnyOptimist was able to predict this? Did he have or get inside info? Is he truly a psychic? The answer is none of the above.
'Flappy Bird' Creator Taking App Down While \Flappy Bird\ was reportedly bringing in some $50,000 in sales daily, according to The Verge, Nguyen added that he
Innovation In Financial Services-Oxymoron?  Future Tech Lessons Learned From The Asian Financial Forum Today, there is extra urgency behind the need for a shift toward innovation
The Sochi Olympics' Official Website Is Bizarre And Extremely Russian Enough baby pacifiers for 125 hockey teams?! What an accomplishment! We all know you're buying that creepy bear mascot just
Which Game Should Have Won 'Game Of The Year'? (POLLS) Click here for the winner! Winner
President Obama Confident FCC Will Use Authority to Save Net Neutrality President Barack Obama on Friday affirmed his strong support for Net Neutrality and expressed confidence that the Federal Communications Commission will use its authority to protect the open Internet.
Why You Should Care about Social Network Over-Sharing Everybody has a \friend\ on social media that clogs up the newsfeed with excessive posts and pics that are more nuisance than news. This \friend\ may share too many items, too often. Let's face it, in some cases, that \friend\ could be you.
A Bright Spot in the Dark Side of Technology Next, companies need to flip it around and focus on the next 6-12 months (not the typical next 1-5 years) and ask, \What
Google Isn't Going To Sue Samsung Like Apple The deal covers patents currently owned by the companies, as well as any filed in the next 10 years, the companies said in
29 Best Vines Of The Week In 1 Video Vine, Twitter\u2019s micro-video social network, recently celebrated its 1st anniversary. With a limit of six seconds per video
Amazon and Local. Almost Friends. Anyone who ever tried to return something to the now thankfully defunct Circuit City remembers the walk of shame and accusatory interrogation whenever anything needed to be returned or exchanged. Amazon simply smiles and give you your money back -- a breeze.
Behind the Scenes at Tech Companies Successful, thriving company culture becomes evident in its employees. Specifically, employees will be empowered to find ways to give back and empower others -- and there's no better place to start than with your co-workers.
Lost 30-Year-Old Conversation With Steve Jobs Offers Answers On a late-November day in 1983, Steven Levy, then a freelance journalist for Rolling Stone, got into a car outside 10460
Enterprise Software Mobile first user experience
WATCH You shouldn't expect all your wish list items to magically appear tomorrow, but Amazon does have an idea that may help it get ahead in the same-day delivery war.
Google Glass May Be The Future Of The Porn Industry One of the best attended discussions of the day was a demonstration of how adult films could be viewed as well as produced
Medical Tech, 'iPhone 6' And More In This Week's Apple Rumors In July, a 9to5 Mac report said that in the coming years, Apple may work to integrate Touch ID fingerprint technology into
App Neutrality Should Be Part of the Net Neutrality Discussion I bet you think the mobile Internet is open. That if you write the next great mobile app there is nothing that can stop it from fulfilling its destiny. That if you create a mobile content app that blows away Netflix there is nothing that can stop it. Wrong.
These People Think Today Is 'Martian Luther King Jr. Day' Clearly they didn't learn from this New York high school that said no school on its main billboard in honor of \Dr. Martian
From Gandhi To MLK, History's Giants Have Become Marketing Tools When Google honored African American author Zora Neale Hurston with a custom logo \u2014 a Google Doodle \u2014 on its homepage earlier
Why Silicon Valley Should Write Chile a Much Deserved Thank You Note Specifically with respect to innovation, Chile has abandoned its old spot in the innovation wasteland and is now known as a growing global hub for entrepreneurship.
Amazon Just Patented Shipping Items Before They're Even Ordered Of course, Amazon wouldn't ship items ahead of time in the absence of clear demand for the product. To assess that demand
Target Under Fire For Not Revealing Hacks Earlier A Neiman Marcus spokeswoman has said the delay in going public was because the company was investigating the extent of the
Life On A Social Media Island--Where Digital Natives And Digital Immigrants Must Collaborate We can remember our first Compaq portable computers in the 1980s but that doesn't mean we are less savvy with Twitter or Facebook than younger generations.
WATCH More about Shawn's colorful past can be read in his HuffPost serial
Rap Genius To win over Google again, Rap Genius culled together a list of 177,781 webpages linking to the site and systemically asked
Siri Gets Sassy When You Ask About 'Her' \Her,\ a movie about a man falling in love with a piece of voice software, has been in theaters for about three weeks. (The
Jeff Bezos Rescued By Ecuadorian Navy Galapagos National Park draws many wealthy and famous visitors among the roughly 180,000 tourists who visit every year to
Rumor Has It That 2014 Will Finally Be The Year Of The 'iWatch' Apple Glass ... iOS 7.1 Coming in March It's time for another installment of \This Week In Apple Rumors,\ where we bring
4.6 Million Snapchat Accounts Leaked After Startup Brushed Off Security Concern \Theoretically, if someone were able to upload a huge set of phone numbers, like every number in an area code, or every possible
Here's To The Nerds Perhaps this conjures up an image of a circle of poorly-dressed, skinny dudes staying up late to play Settlers. But that\u2019s
Documents Reveal The NSA's Top Hacking Unit The NSA's TAO hacking unit is considered to be the intelligence agency's top secret weapon. It maintains its own covert network
8 Arrested In Spain Over Global Bank Cyber Heists The swiftness and scale of the heists was revealed earlier this year, when U.S. prosecutors arrested seven men suspected
Flying Yacht Is A Taste Of The Future (VIDEO) If a large yacht somehow fails to adequately convey fabulous wealth to you, then maybe a large flying yacht will do the trick
Reddit Is Trying Something New (Editing by Edwin Chan, Martin Howell and Prudence Crowther) Yet those sales alone could put Reddit firmly in the black, said
Researchers Facebook is 'dead and buried' to older teenagers, an extensive European study has found, as the key age group moves on to
New Trends in Wearable Technology Smart Glass is no longer the sole domain of Google. Originally developed by the military to give soldiers \Terminator vision\ while leaving their hands free to maneuver weapons, multiple manufacturers are releasing their own interpretation of how this wearable tech can improve the quality of your life.
Watch This Awesome Holiday Message Delivered Using 2,000 iPhones Sometimes we come across a video that requires a great deal of exposition and depth to fully relate its complexity. This
An Unlikely Assessment Tool Decked out in my duct tape bracelet and Camp Invention t-shirt, I blend into the invention playfield and disappear on the sidelines of the Camp Invention program room. I am a Senior Creative Content Specialist for Invent Now, Inc.
AI Day Will Replace Christmas as the Most Important Holiday in Less Than 25 Years Some religious people, anti-transhumanists, and neo-Luddites complain that an advanced AI will destroy human civilization. Most scientists and technologists find those worries laughable. Most of them think that AI will usher in a new age of scientific discovery, medical advancement, and technological sophistication only imagined before in science fiction.
Two Incredibly Simple Ways to Get More Engagement on Twitter It's tough to get noticed on Twitter. There are roughly 9,100 tweets posted every second and your content can be lost in an instant as they pour in. However, Twitter has made a few changes that if used correctly, can make it a little easier to catch a follower's eye.
How Technology Can Fight the Flu Whether the 2013-14 flu season will be as severe as the previous year remains to be seen. What we do know is that civic app developers in cities across the country will be better equipped than before the help mitigate the problem by leveraging a new standard for data on flu shot locations.
Justine Sacco Apologizes For AIDS Tweet A former PR executive issued a formal apology over a tweet she sent earlier this week. \Words cannot express how sorry I
Tech Investor Wants To Create Six Californias, Turn Silicon Valley Into Its Own State \u201cIt's a passive-aggressive swipe at the less economically productive regions of California, cloaked in a measure that purports
Lack of Measurement Transparency for Mobile Ad Campaigns Restricts Flow of Brand Dollars I am not sure why the brands, and especially their agencies, do not realize that even though the big ad networks do not provide (yet) the required clarity, there exist several transparent platforms on which they can run their campaigns.
Amazon Drones Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos unveiled his grand vision for drone attacks on our porches and personal spaces. From a warehouse to your front door, goods delivered in record time with minimal hassle. What could possibly go wrong with that? Pretty much everything and here's why.
What Is a Data Breach and How Do I Protect Myself? How can you protect yourself? As a consumer you must keep your operating system updated to the latest secure version. Run
Online Dating's Surprising Lesson About Race People can say whatever they want -- that race doesn't matter, that they don't see color -- but when it comes to selecting a partner, and the selection criteria are formalized through profiles and response decisions, we, as individuals and a society, can no longer hide from ourselves.
Internet's Sad Legacy Anyone who can watch you will watch you. Read more on The New York Times
WATCH Which technology will win the race -- Google wants a piece of the action as well - remains to be seen, but iBeacon should
Taking 'A Total Disruption' Open Source Public media's TurnstyleNews.com, covers tech and digital culture from the West Coast. With one third of her backers having
Google Acquires Boston Dynamics, Adding To Its Fleet Of Robot-Makers The company was founded in 1992 by Marc Raibert, a former professor at Massachusetts Institute of Technology and currently
Yahoo's Bad Week Ends With An Apology From Marissa Mayer Mayer acknowledged as much on Friday night in a post on her Tumblr, where she wrote that she and the company were \very sorry
Google Glass Rewind 24 hours as I took my seat on the plane from Zurich to Madrid. My mind was racing and heart thumping for I had promised
The Major Problem With Electric Cars | TIME.com The model is now the cheapest EV on the market, yet it's still hard to imagine many drivers excitedly running out to buy
Some Government Agencies Still Uses Floppy Disks WASHINGTON \u2014 The technology troubles that plagued the HealthCare.gov website rollout may not have come as a shock to people
iPhone in the Warsaw Ghetto Would photographic evidence and video testimony have made any difference to the wall of indifference that greeted Karski?
10 Surprising New Twitter Stats to Help You Reach More Followers In case you're in the same boat with me, I gathered up some really interesting Twitter stats that can help you improve the way you reach your followers.
'Dear Santa' Letter With Full Amazon Link Is So 2013 It Hurts In a \Dear Santa\ letter that's truly worthy of the tech-filled world we live in, Twitter user @Gequeoman resurfaced a handwritten
Microsoft Accused Of Sending 'Sexist' Letter Advertising Xbox One Controversy regarding sexism and the gaming industry is nothing new. In June, Feminist Frequency blogger Anita Sarkeesian
The Insidiousness of Facebook Messenger's Android Mobile App Permissions (Updated) How much access to your (and your friends') personal data are you prepared to share for access to free mobile apps? I suspect the amount is significantly less than that which you actually agreed to share when blindly accepting the Terms of Service.
Holiday Swag With Karma Points The Endangered Species collection from DodoCase and Ink Dwell serves as a persistent reminder of the fragile habitat we occupy and how we can help nurture and revive it. You can buy this awesome stocking stuffer here.
The Galaxy Quest In recent years, there have been few space projects as exciting as the International Space Station, or ISS. Even though it is the 9th space station to take orbit, it is the first to house a full-time crew and a dedicated research laboratory.
Search 'Festivus' On Google For A Hilarious Surprise Google is celebrating \Festivus\ a little early this year. The holiday, which originated on the show \Seinfeld\ in 1997, generally
Debating Killer Robots While we continue to think about why using robots in war is problematic, from moral, legal and prudential perspectives, we should also continue to press on their touted \benefits.\
The Secret to QuizUp's Record Setting Viral Growth This is not how things usually work for mobile game developers, and what may seem like an overnight success was actually the result of almost three years of hard work and an obsession with creating an amazing product.
This Duck Has The Best Hackers In The World Baffled For the past two years, a mysterious online organisation has been setting the world's finest code-breakers a series of seemingly
The Very Best Apple Black Friday Deals In The U.S. But instead of price cuts on iPads and MacBooks, as Apple has done on Black Fridays of yore, it took a different tack in
Amazon Is More Worried About Snow Than Strikes \People in logistics don't want their staff to walk more. They want staff to walk less, because walking less means being
Why You Should Give Your Kid an iPad for Christmas (It Isn't What You Think) Set aside the money and get them an iPad of their very own -- and make sure the Genius Bar helps you set up all those parental controls.
6 Things To Keep In Mind While Shopping On Amazon Black Friday If you plan on looking for online deals this Black Friday -- and if 2013 is anything like 2012, more than 57 million Americans
The Idea and Itinerary I am looking forward to seeing everyone's experiences through Glass and allowing people across different cultures to experience
Getting More Girls Into STEM Careers Currently about 25 percent of the workforce in life sciences and 15 percent of the workforce in engineering/computer science is female.  \That is better than what it has been, but not where it should and can be,\ said Mansoureh.
The Waywire Story This summer my startup was growing nicely. So why not sit back and enjoy the ride? Well, it turns out that entrepreneurs don't do that very well, and I was looking for actions and tools I could to further solidify our position as the leaders in video curation.
Cell Phone Calls On Airplanes May Be Outrageously Expensive The going rate can be several dollars per minute. The Federal Communications Commission raised an Internet furor on Thursday
Microsoft Sells Over 1 Million Xbox One Consoles In 24 Hours SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp sold over 1 million of its new Xbox One game consoles within 24 hours of their hitting
A Funeral for Online Appropriateness This is the funeral for online appropriateness. The point where literally nothing is sacred, even those moments where we can agree as a society regardless of how you process or recognize death, it is not acceptable.
How to Marry Your Startup and Your Partner Why does it matter how your life and work intersect? Because getting a company off the ground is an all consuming effort. And if you're married to work by day, and your wife or husband by night,  effectively you're cheating on one with the other all the time. That's a recipe for disaster.
Facebook Launches New Privacy Policies And You Still Can Be Used For Ads Despite Facebook's clarification, many members of the site remain confused about their privacy options. In the August settlement
The New App a Secret Agent Would Love A quick glance provided the context for the meeting, notes from previous encounters, and often times contained personal information.
Is Apple About Fashion or Technology? It's amazing that technology, which is made with plastic, metal, glass, wires and circuit boards can make consumers so excited. That's not substance or superficial. That's brand moxie.
Steve Ballmer On His Retirement As Microsoft CEO REDMOND, Wash.\u2014 Steve Ballmer paced his corner office on a foggy January morning here, listening through loudspeakers to
Why Closed Loop Data Can Disrupt Health Care The future of health care, according to Wired, will be built on three pillars -- data, technology, and design.
Are You as Secure as a Fourth Grader? (Hint So if you think your government, the TSA, Homeland Security or the police can protect your personal security -- or your bank
Apple Developing New iPhones With Bigger Screens, Enhanced Sensors Nov 10 (Reuters) - Apple Inc is developing new iPhone designs including bigger screens with curved glass and enhanced sensors
Apple Rumored To Be Developing Larger iPhones With Enhanced Sensors Apple Inc. (AAPL) is developing new iPhone designs including bigger screens with curved glass and enhanced sensors that can
Study You might think that kids and teens don't need to worry about identity theft but that's not the case. It turns out that ID thieves love kids because most have a clean credit record. Often teens won't find out that their identity has been stolen until they apply for their first credit card or a college loan.
Kwikset Kevo Review Surprise - your door lock just learned Bluetooth! Or, at least, it did if it's the Kwikset Kevo (satin nickel, Venetian bronze
Bridging the Disconnect Between CIO and Business Leaders The role of the CIO continues to evolve rapidly in the midst of digital transformation and accelerating changes in technology
Boston Marathon Bombing Victim Halloween Costume Prompts Online Fury The woman, identified as 22-year-old Alicia Ann Lynch by BuzzFeed, is said to have provoked the wrath of thousands of social
Jerome Jarre's New Vine Project Captures Humanity At Its Best \Share respect and admiration for each other all over the world.\u201d \Help one another, because that\u2019s all we have, each other
Kansas City Is Becoming a Mecca for Big Technology Names Kansas City will continue to be a catalyst for growth in the entrepreneurial sector in America and its technology innovation prowess is proving to be on the rise.
With Danger Lurking Around Web, FB Leaves Teens' Privacy Doors Ajar Did Zuckerberg ever put himself in the place of millions of parents, single mothers, doting fathers, immediate or extended family, and decide whether changed Facebook privacy settings would be beneficial for teenagers in ANY manner?
Bill Gates Technology is \amazing,\ Bill Gates told the Financial Times in a recent interview, but it's not going to save the world
No Wonder You're Sick, iOS 7 Icons Zoom In And Out At 20 MPH Among the most powerful things about the first iPhone was how it made old software metaphors -- pressing buttons, scrolling
How Steve Jobs Created The iPad And Changed The Game Steve Jobs's solution to Google's Android-everywhere strategy was simple and audacious
Galaxy S4 Missing Manual Review The book Galaxy S4
NudeAudio Move M Review Separated at birth? Yes, the NudeAudio Move M Bluetooth speaker (gray/mint) and Avon soap on a rope look almost identical
Divoom Bluetune Bean Review (Bluetooth Speaker) Small speaker, short review. The Divoom Bluetune Bean (various colors) is a bargain-priced unit that still manages to appeal
Confessions of an #Addict I guess the great irony about these amazing tools is that they help us stay connected to everything but the moment. My name is Daniel, I am an addict.
Why Mobile Apps Have Become The \In\ Thing In my mind, the next frontier for the mobile market may have to wait for the next wave of new mobile devices to appear. I'm thinking faster, more memory and battery life, and the advent of active sensors (think fingerprint scanners on steroids.)
WATCH The players in new media, from devices to Internet streaming services to content creators to the providers who push all those
U.S. Seizes $28 Million In Bitcoins From Alleged Silk Road Owner (Reporting by Joseph Ax; Editing by Lisa Shumaker) Federal prosecutors in New York said Friday that the 144,336 bitcoins
JBL Flip Review; JBL Charge Review If you want a stereo Bluetooth speaker, the handsome JBL Flip (available in black and in white) is a great choice. It really
Scosche boomBOTTLE Review Grab your bike - it's time to play some tunes with the aptly-named Scosche boomBOTTLE. Available in your choice of boring
iLuv MobiAria Review Bluetooth speakers have been getting cuter and cuter for the last several years, with bricks, cubes, sphere and even turtle
German Watchdog Threatens To Use 'Instruments Of Torture' Against Amazon \We are in talks with Amazon to eliminate these impediments to competition...If necessary, we will issue a crystal clear
Twitter Quitters Highlight Problem In Company's Quest To Go Mainstream QUITTERS \Twitter is a great service, it's still got growth in front of it. But in my opinion, I would say the opportunities
Time Warner Cable Of course, a few tweets were not enough to calm the ire of livid Time Warner customers in areas where service has been disrupted
Silicon Valley Companies Fight For Talent, Pay Extravagant Salaries Stories abound about the lengths to which employers will go to attract engineering talent - in addition to the free cafeterias
Curate or Be Curated The cure for information overload is coherent curation -- data-driven discovery managed by skilled, thoughtful, and in some cases expert curators. Much as the quality of a restaurant is created by the chef, the quality of the curated end-product is going to be made by the curator.
Larry King And Other Celebrities Make 'StarbucksDrakeHands' Videos Rainn Wilson from \The Office\ made one of his own, too
47 Best Vines Of The Week, In One Video Vine, Twitter\u2019s micro-video social network, is perhaps the best form of entertainment for Generation Distraction. With a
Netflix In Talks With Cable Companies To Come Straight To Your TV \We would love to reduce the friction to the end consumer, and to be available via the existing device in the home which
iPhone 6 With 4.8-Inch Display? An Apple 'Phablet'? This Week In Apple Rumors An Apple \Phablet\? But that's not all! New iPad & iPad Mini Coming Soon It's time for another installment of This Week In
Cookie Monster Is Taking Over The Internet One Page At A Time Tired of depressing news about the government shutdown and looming debt ceiling deadline? Lucky for you, Cookie Monster is
Internet Freedom Is the Internet freedom movement a thing? That depends on whom you ask, and where you live.
'Remarkably, Jobs Had To Be Talked Into Having Apple Build A Phone At All' Grignon knew the iPhone unveiling was not an ordinary product announcement, but no one could have anticipated what a seminal
23andMe Gets Patent For Baby Trait Predictions Calculator, But Says It Won't Be Used 23andMe CEO Anne Wojcicki is the wife of Google founder Sergey Brin, who, along with Google and Google Ventures, has given
Why Are There Still So Few Women In Science? Last summer, researchers at Yale published a study proving that physicists, chemists and biologists are likely to view a
Did Edward Snowden Kill the Search Engine Optimization Industry? This past week has contained a couple of heart-skipping declarations for the SEO industry. The most recent was Google's announcement of its latest algorithm update -- Hummingbird.
NSA Uses Spying Data To Build Social Maps Of Whom Ameicans Know Since 2010, the National Security Agency has been exploiting its huge collections of data to create sophisticated graphs
Watch Steve Ballmer Moved To Tears While Saying Goodbye To Microsoft Anyone who says grown men don't cry clearly never met Steve Ballmer. On Thursday, the Microsoft CEO got visibly emotional
The Collective (Un)Consciousness; Remember Your Dreams I have found as we get older and our dreams become dictated by what society says we should be buying, dreaming, and doing, we have forgotten our very visions, and what drives us in a deep meaningful way to be who we are.
42 Best Vines Of The Week, In One Video Vine, Twitter\u2019s micro-video social network, is perhaps the best form of entertainment for Generation Distraction. With a
WATCH Twitter realized its natural connection with television opened up multiple opportunities. It could be more than the consumer home for social television
Man Beaten Unconscious While Waiting In Line For New iPhone The assault was one of several incidents that took place outside Salem's Apple Store in the early morning hours as some 1,000
Of MOOCs and Technology Today's students don't need more technology; they don't need more PowerPoint and computer-based learning platforms.  What they need are enthusiastic and talented and creative teachers and professors who see education not as a job but as a calling.
iPhone 5s Promises Web Video Explosion The Device Revolution is fueling and information avalanche. And while social signals will get smarter, and crowd-based information will rapidly highly popularity, the critical element of the Curation Economy is human... and we're just getting started.
This Underwater Airplane Flies Through The Ocean Unlike Any Submarine Before It \Ninety-four percent of life on Earth is aquatic,\ he said. \We live on an ocean planet. We need to understand that. We need
A Quick Look at iTunes Radio and Spotify Radio Over the last few days I've listened to the \same\ radio stations on both iTunes and Spotify. I've streamed music with wired, wireless and 3G connections. I've used headphones and speakers. I've created custom stations. I'm looking at variety, fit, quality, convenience and user experience.
Film Asks iPhone Fans Waiting Days In Line One Simple Question On Friday, Apple released its new iPhone 5S to customers. But for many, the launch day was the culmination of many days spent
Google, Facebook See No Significant Impact On Business From NSA Revelations A week ago, Google said it had intensified encryption of internal data flows after learning about NSA practices from Snowden's
Twitter's 'Secret' IPO Puts Investors In The Dark, For Now She pointed to the recent IPOs of Facebook and Groupon. Groupon in 2011 was plagued by questions about its reliance on what
Saudi Prince Who Owns Much Of Twitter Sees IPO By Early 2014 By Mirna Sleiman But the prince said
Microsoft's Windows Phone Ads Mocking The iPhone Go Private...Because They Were Terrible The conversation pokes fun at Apple's rumored iWatch, colors of the new iPhones and lack of innovation. The Next Web received
39 Best Vines Of The Week, In One Video Vine, Twitter\u2019s micro-video social network, is perhaps the best form of entertainment for Generation Distraction. With a
NSA Security Revelations Prompt Internet Experts To Call For New Encryption Standards Mike Belshe, a former Google engineer who has spearheaded the IETF drive to encrypt regular Web traffic, said that his plan
Information and Access The substantially sordid revelations by Snowden has inflamed the discussion to such an extent that it's easy to lose track of an important thread that we might separate from concerns of privacy, and that's that the exceptional progress we've made at making information more accessible.
Yahoo Intern's New Logo Design Was Way Better After the new logo was revealed, Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer personally thanked design intern Max Ma for his help crafting the
43 Best Vines Of The Week, In One Video Vine, Twitter\u2019s micro-video social network, is perhaps the best form of entertainment for Generation Distraction. With a
Google Encrypts Data Amid Backlash Against NSA Spying Google is racing to encrypt the torrents of information that flow among its data centers around the world, in a bid to thwart
HTC Executives Arrested On Suspicion Of Leaking Trade Secrets To China Rocked by internal feuding and executive exits, and positioned at the high end of a smartphone market that is close to saturation
Inaccurate Scales I wear a Jawbone UP bracelet and I use two apps with it
Photos Leaked Online Of Samsung's Galaxy Gear Smartwatch Samsung is set to reveal its Galaxy Gear smartwatch next Wednesday, Sept. 4, in Berlin. But this weekend, we got a first
Free Speech and Identity Verification For the HuffPost community to grow and develop we must emphasize fairness in access, promote civil discourse,\u00a0 reduce vitriol on our pages and provide a defense against trolling. A key strategy in doing all of this is our plan to require all new members to identify themselves when they create an account.
Guy Just Vined His Own Break Up Because This Is The World We Live In Now Vine user Khoaliti posted this video of his girlfriend allegedly ending their relationship. \You guys just witness my breakup
43 Best Vines Of The Week, In One Video Vine, Twitter\u2019s micro-video social network, is perhaps the best form of entertainment for Generation Distraction. With a
This Is Your Brain On Facebook That little zing you get when someone \u201clikes\u201d your picture or sings your praises on Facebook? That\u2019s the reward center in
46 Best Vines Of The Week, In One Video Vine, Twitter\u2019s micro-video social network, is perhaps the best form of entertainment for Generation ADHD. With a limit of
WATCH Companies planning to get in on iTunes Radio ads when Apple opens up space in 2014 better be ready to pay
23 Things Your Kids Will Never Understand Because downloading everything is easier now, they won't think about... And they definitely will never enjoy... Joining the
Qi Wireless Charger Review That's about it. Check out the GMYLE wireless charging pad and the Tylt Vu Wireless Charging Pad on Amazon. And look for
Google Nexus 7 Review Two companies working together deliver a solid 7\ tablet in the Google-branded, Asus-manufactured Nexus 7 (2013), with a parenthetical necessary to distinguish the new entry from last year's tablet with the same name.
3 Password Tools That Can Simplify Your Life -- And Protect You From Hackers -- CONS
Sneak Peek If you're a regular reader of the Huffington Post you might not have given much thought to the technology behind the news articles that you read, share and comment upon on our site. Since 2005 the tech team at HuffPost has been working hand-in-glove with our editors to create the ultimate digital content delivery system.
New iPhone To Be Unveiled By Apple September 10th (Reuters) - Apple Inc, the world's largest technology company, is expected to present its redesigned iPhone in September
Twitter Forms PAC, Registers Its First Lobbyist Twitter is making strides into the world of politics, forming its own political action committee and registering its first
Spirit Story Box Is The Latest iPhone App For 'Ghosthunters' You can also track your messages over time... Well, in a pinch, Spirit Story Box could always be used to generate slam poetry
iPad Mini With Retina Display Coming This Year? 8-Megapixel Camera On Cheap iPhone? This Week In Apple Rumors But Computerworld's Jonny Evans, a self-described \Apple-holic,\ pointed to the acquisition as evidence that \the iWatch
A Marketplace for Stronger Connections Between Neurons NextLesson is a web app where teachers and parents can get access to pre-designed lesson plans or create their own. It wasn't created by a 20-year-old to jump on the next big trend. It was created by a couple of dads using the ideas and techniques of high tech to solve a real problem in education.
iPhone, iPad Ban Is Overturned By U.S. Trade Rep WASHINGTON, Aug 3 (Reuters) - Apple Inc may continue to import and sell certain older iPads and iPhones made to use on AT
Woman Pays For Two iPhones, Reportedly Tricked Into Buying Two $600 Apples Instead Officials from the Upper Mt Gravatt Crime Prevention Unit told the Herald Sun that the woman discovered the scam after she
WATCH From Google Play billboards that let travelers easily download entertainment to billboards that literally generate water
Info-Overload Is Over.  We're \Under-Loaded\ With Quality Dashlane does two things. It memorizes all my passwords, not in the cloud - but on my devices with single master password
Power Banks (External Batteries) Review Continuing my series on accessories for the Samsung Galaxy S4 (cases, screen protectors and Bluetooth speakers) were previous
Teach a Kid Functional Programming and You Feed Her for a Lifetime By the time I started learning to code, as a hobby, I was well into my twenties. I believe my computer science education started much earlier.
iPhone 5S Release Date Sept. 6? Bigger Screens For iPhone And iPad? This Week In Apple Rumors But iOS in the Car may be only the beginning. A few weeks ago Apple received a patent for a \revolutionary form of dashboard
Facebook Fatigue or Facebook Fracture? Facebook is floundering under the weight of its own scorched earth policy towards privacy. This policy has created a growing base of disenchanted users that could cause the company to come crashing down a lot sooner than people realize.
Boxee's OTT Vision So, last week - Boxee sold to Samsung. Boxee is, at its heart, a software company. And as they explored hardware, first with
iJustine Cosplays \Hardwired\ With Google Glass and Fangirls Over Stan Lee at Comic-Con 2013 \Using them is completely easy,\ she says. \The hard part is going out in public because people want to know, 'What's on
Sprint and IBM Create Platform for Car Apps If you hate the idea of red-light cameras, wait till you get your first speeding ticket via email because your car's computer ratted you out the moment you exceed the speed limit.
Apple TV With Gesture Control? iWatch Next Year? This Week In Apple Rumors And on Tuesday, the Verge relayed a report from the Israeli business daily Calcalist that Apple is mulling the purchase of
Inside The Massive Global Black Market For Smartphones \He said, \u2018I drink nothing but top-shelf liquor and get all the girls,'\ Deaven recalled. \\u2018I make more money than the dope
Digital Is the New Third Age I wouldn't go back in time for a minute...for the simple reason that I can't go back. But at the same time, I would nevertheless
Monoprice 27\ IPS-G Pro LED Monitor WQHD 2560x1440 (Product ID 10489) Review Monoprice is among the more interesting companies you probably haven't heard of. Started out of an apartment around a decade
This Is Not Your Father's Microsoft It was in the sessions, seeing presentation after presentation, that this shift became clear. Reporting on it required both attending a lot of sessions as well as clueing into the difference.
The Top 5 Music Apps for Offline Listening Groove is like Apple's Genius on turbocharge. The app taps into users' iTunes collections to quickly and effortlessly create a variety of smart playlists and instant mixes.
Skype Type Stuff at Trial and Beyond Just like a surgeon having an assistant, best practices here would dictate having another set of eyes and ears but more importantly a technical assistant. There are plenty of college graduates not working who are tech savvy, so hire one of them.
Sheryl Sandberg Others were not so lucky. KTVU is reporting that at least two died in the crash, and that at least 61 were injured. In what
Lonely Inside the World of Technology In a world where parents, mentors, and student leaders are trying to keep up with the latest technology, there's a place where we can lock arms to develop a balanced view of relationship.
Your Quantum Mind in Action You and your friends go to the movies. Afterward when you discuss a particular scene, it's as if you all watched a totally different sequence. One person saw details you didn't even notice, another hated it even as you loved it so. That's the power of quantum mechanics working in our human minds.
Magical Thinking Oh laptop, a mere four and a half years in my possession! Uh, it's kind of obsolete, they said. The money you invest in repair could go toward a new machine, one that's much faster. \More magical.\ They didn't say that but they meant it. And
You're an Internet Celebrity Managing a digital life means knowing what you are consuming versus what you are expelling, recognizing what you are sharing versus what you are protecting. Is privacy possible? To a degree, yes.
Yelp Helps You Avoid Hipsters And Yuppies In Your City As The New York Times (and pretty much everyone else) have pointed out ad nauseum, New York's hipsters generally reside in
WATCH Hopefully you're well into a fun, relaxing 4th of July. But if, like many of us, you just can't put down that smartphone
The Evolution of Dating Apps are slowly changing how we view the dating ritual in modern society. With mobile technology becoming a bigger part of our lives every year, we can expect that the formerly anxiety-racked world of romance will soon give way to an easier, more relaxed means of finding love.
Reddit, Mozilla And Others Rally Anti-NSA Protesters On- And Offline For 4th Of July The NSA, on its own website, said
Is Anyone Speaking? Yes, let's read, write, and use the Internet, but let's not abandon the miraculous pleasure of speaking in the real world with identifiable persons other than ourselves.
HuffPost Is a Virtual World Richard Bartle, one of the original coders of the whole MUD (multi-user dungeons) and gaming industry, has written an easy to comprehend and richly detailed look at the history, design, development, and marketing of virtual worlds.
Vine Sharing On Twitter Dips A Week After Instagram Video Debuts So what is Vine doing to fight back? It's a little unclear at this point. In a post on their website on June 18, Vine teased
Want to Know What's Next for Social Internet Applications? Start Mudding! Almost all of what we do on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, and Google+ was predicted, some might even say preordained, by an ancient race of wizards and warriors in the 1970s and 1980s. I'm talking about Multi User Dungeons (MUDs) and the activity of Mudding.
Barrett Brown vs. the Private Intelligence Business In view of the recent exposure of the PRISM program by Edward Snowden, one might think journalist Barrett Brown would be in the news discussing the new revelations, but he isn't.  He is in federal custody, facing charges that add up to 105 years in prison. The question is
How to Integrate Social Media With Your SEO Campaign The good news is that while certain SEO tactics may be under the gun and likely to fail in months to come (if they haven't already), other tactics are destined to succeed, impervious to algorithmic changes.
WATCH The big winner at the Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity? Content.
Here's How Twitter and Vine Are the New Telegram 3.0 The last telegram is not the end, but simply another beginning.
Why AT&T And Verizon May Start Charging You More Fees Don't be surprised if you start seeing more and more fees on your wireless bill. As an example, Kuittenen points to a $0.61
7 Surprising Household Items That Invade Your Privacy It's no secret now that web giants and telecommunications companies have gotten data requests from the National Security
WATCH Or games might be streamed through a smaller device or hardware built into smart TVs, with cloud servers handling the heavy
Are We All Digital Diplomats? Digital Diplomacy is a topic that conjures up images of embassies conversing with foreign governments and broadcasting information and well -- propaganda -- to impact policy goals.  But you don't have to be a government or super influencer to have international impact. Social media has given everyone a voice.
Ants and Stars The shining walls caught the Mediterrean sun and began to bake us like bugs in an oven. When we reached the sharp rim of
Facebook Shares Numbers On Government Data Requests In Response To PRISM Reports Facebook shared some details Friday night about how frequently it receives government requests for information. AOL does
How to Cheat the Iron Triangle With Tony Schwartz I believe the iron triangle applies to almost every human endeavor. From throwing a party to keeping a marriage alive for 28 years, no plan survives it's first encounter with reality. The only real question is which corner of the iron triangle am I going to compromise on?
ATT And Apple Data Leakage Battle Continues UPDATE
The Changing And Terrifying Nature Of The New Cyber-Warfare On the hidden battlefields of history\u2019s first known cyber-war, the casualties are piling up Read more on Vanity Fair
Google Close To Buying Waze, Israeli Newspaper Reports Mapping services are among the five most-used applications on smartphones and are crucial to engaging and retaining mobile
WWDC 2013 Hungry for some new developments in the world of Apple? You won't be waiting much longer. Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference
PRISM Spying Denials From Tech Companies Baffle Security Experts Klein's testimony -- recounted in court documents that are part of a federal lawsuit against the NSA by the Electronic Frontier
Tech Companies, Bristling, Concede to Federal Surveillance Program When government officials came to Silicon Valley to demand easier ways for the world's largest Internet companies to turn
U.S. Takes Apple To Trial Over eBooks The Justice Department contends that Apple's entry into the market provided publishers with a means to get together to increase
The Banality Of \u2018Don\u2019t Be Evil\u2019 The advance of information technology epitomized by Google heralds the death of privacy for most people and shifts the world
WATCH Jeremiah Owyang of the Altimeter Group follows this trend closely and predicts that \business models as we know it are about
Over-The-Top Tech Headquarters Might Be More Trouble Than They're Worth The New York Times Co, Wall Street bank Bear Stearns and chemical company Union Carbide also built ambitious headquarters
Apple Co-Founder Steve Wozniak On His Tech Preferences, Pet Peeves, And Memories Steve Wozniak pioneered the personal computing industry with the Apple I and II. In a throwback to our 31st issue of Distro
5 Reasons Yahoo's Tumblr Purchase Is a Good Thing Whenever a spunky, growing startup gets sold to an established player, the cry goes out. Users won't like it. The culture will be ruined. The startup will be subsumed by its parent. Sometimes it's true,  but in the case of the Yahoo and Tumblr, I think everyone wins.
Why Google's Idea to Get Technology 'Out of the Way' Is Short-Sighted Today, the popular idea that our devices should fade into the background -- exemplified by Google's aim to get technology 'out of the way' via its Google Glass -- is alarming. If technology becomes invisible to us, we risk losing sight of how it shapes us, for good and for ill.
The New York Tech Scene Rocked Last Week. Oh,  all I have to say his whew!  That was pretty awesome.  Two major financial events,  a week of panels and parties,  and amazing content  -- all centered around New York's growing digital ecosystem.  Next week?  I don't know about you,  but I'm in good practice so I'm just going to keep it up.
WATCH While they're not thrilled with Facebook, teenagers aren't checking out completely. They're just dividing their time among other social networks, like Twitter and Instagram.
Yahoo Is Reportedly Lowballing On Its Hulu Bid According to numerous sources close to the situation, Yahoo has bid from $600 million to $800 million for the premium video
Technical Literacy I believe everyone should learn to code. The skill of coding is no different from the skill of reading and writing English or any human language. I hold myself up as an example
Arrested Development Premiere May Account For More Than 5 Percent Of Netflix Bandwidth Usage \I wouldn't be surprised if on Sunday morning or afternoon there was more Netflix traffic than normal, but I don't expect
How Smartphones Killed The 3 Day Weekend Memorial Day weekend marks the beginning of summer and all it evokes
Marcos Arenas, Las Vegas Teen, Dies After Being Run Over By Men Who Attempted To Steal His iPad Las Vegas Metro Police spokesman Bill Cassell told the station that many incidences of \Apple picking\ involve juveniles
Is 'No Fap' Movement Start of Tech Backlash? Essentially, NoFap is a reaction by young males to the fact that some of them -- thanks mostly to omnipresent digital porn -- are losing interest in finding and engaging real-world sex partners.
Yahoo Tumblr Purchase Approved By Board Forbes reported on Saturday that Tumblr's board also approved the purchase. Yahoo's board of directors has approved a deal
Twitter, Saudi Arabia's Top Cleric Says, Will Damn Your Soul The religious clerics comments aside, Saudi Arabia's Twitter users have far more to worry about than their immortal souls
The Content Brief Can broadcasters convince advertisers to keep paying to reach a smaller, fragmented audience?
Alleged 'PayPal 14' Hackers Seek Deal To Stay Out Of Prison After Nearly 2 Years In Limbo But the charges in the PayPal case had one noticeable impact on the hacker group -- its members became more careful. They
Google Is Prepping A Sneak Attack On Microsoft In recent weeks, Google sources have told me that Google has been internally testing, or \dogfooding,\ QuickOffice, which
Yet More Evidence Of A Yahoo-Tumblr Mega Deal According to sources close to the situation, the Yahoo board plans to meet Sunday night to decide whether to approve a $1.1
Snapchat Photos Can Be Undeleted and Captured There are many reasons people use Snapchat and that, despite worries about sexting, most kids are using the app in ways that parents would probably approve of. But, it's also important for kids and adults to realize that there's no such thing content that absolutely disappears forever.
Samsung Takes on iPhone for Photo Superiority It feels great in your hand, is well-balanced, and has a remarkable digital zoom and the ability to adjust depth of field
Is Your Company Cloud Ready? 10 Factors for CIOs to Consider One technology that promises to help improve IT efficiency and enable the CIO and her staff to be more strategically focused is cloud computing.
Todd McLellan's 'Things Come Apart' Showcases Beautiful Photos Of Disassembled Technology (PHOTOS) McLellan's book features 50 objects -- ranging from the high-tech (a BlackBerry, a MacBook) to the low-tech (a wagon, a bicycle
Moms Can Be CEOs Too Although these two environments (parenthood and running a startup) are starkly different, there are carryover skills.  What I have learned is that if you are cognitively aware of the parenting ninja skills you possess, then you are able to recognize similar situations in the startup environment and apply those skills.
My Son Wears Pink As parents, we need to ask ourselves whether we're posting photos for our children or for ourselves. And if you're posting it for yourself, wait a little bit before pressing the \share\ button so you can really think about if it's in your child's best interest.
Y Combinator Michelle Crosby, an energetic 37-year-old lawyer in Boise, Idaho, applied for a loan last November from a local bank, Western
Consumers to Lose From Rigged Wireless Auctions Picking winners and losers is bad policy. Instead, policies should empower consumers to freely choose the services and service providers they want. Competition is not improved by rules that limit auction participation, restrict spectrum and create shortages that will raise consumer prices.
Porn Sites Get More Visitors Each Month Than Netflix, Amazon And Twitter Combined The Internet is for porn. We all know that, but until now we may not have realized to what extent porn dominated the Internet
Watch The Top YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. We've sifted through the top most
Miner Mike, the Bitcoin Minter In 2009, my friend Mike was getting into bitcoin and I remember him explaining the whole concept to me
Jared Cohen, 'The New Digital Age' Co-Author, Discusses The Future Of The Internet They used Bluetooth in Iran to call and text complete strangers in busy bazaars, just to have a good time. We think of Bluetooth
Siri vs. Google Voice Experiment What happens when two of the most popular digital voices speak to each other? A whole lot of confusion, that's what. Artist
The Content Brief Aside from the near-limitless promotional opportunities, imagine brands and consumers collaborating on customized products
This Is Why You Shouldn't Use Your iPad To Film Videos (VIDEO) Doink! MsMiataMiss' video description notes that it's \amazing that it [the foul ball] didn't break the iPad,\ adding that
Boston Marathon Bombing Timeline Over the course of the past week, we witnessed the power of real-time news reporting with a major story. Here's a look back at 50 tweets, including 15 pictures, and five YouTube videos (one for each day) that tell the story of the Boston Marathon bombing, from beginning to end.
Boston, Privacy, and Big Data I don't have the answers to these questions. According to one school of thought, no one has a right to know which videos
Apple's Fading Allure Worries Investors, Suppliers \'Apple can do no wrong' can only work until Apple does wrong,\ said Roger Kay, president of researcher and consultancy Endpoint
Big Brother, Little Brother, Social Brother This week, starting with the tragic and sensless bombing of the Boston Marathon on Monday, through a riveting manhunt for two fugitive brothers, and ending in the death of one and apprehension of the other, Social Brother showed us just how powerful his genie (Internet+mobile+social+photography) has become.
Rehtaeh Parsons Case A proposed federal law in Canada could make certain types of cyberbullying as illegal as distributing child pornography. \As
The Digital Olfaction Society Wants To Help You Smell Through The Internet This week I attended what was, I think it is fair to say, the oddest conference I have been to yet. It was the first world
The Content Brief Banner ads -- blech. That seemed to be the consensus from a round-up of early banner ad creators and adopters convened recently by Digiday, who lamented that banner ads today represent \nothing but eye candy on the page\ and \a race to the bottom.\
UberX Rideshare Expanding Terrie Prosper, a spokeswoman for the California Public Utilities Commission, could not immediately comment on Uber's new
Interruption-driven Content Consumption I want the critical messages to get through without having to set-up exceptions and hide all my toys. If the house is on fire or North Korea does something naughty, I want to know about it.
It's Not Easy To Be Jenna Marbles A young woman with magenta-streaked hair stands in her bathroom, speaking to a webcam. In a hushed tone, she chews over a
Watch The Top YouTube Videos Of The Week Many of this week's top YouTube videos tend to be a little dangerous. The weather is changing, spring is in the air, and
'The Mobile' Is Reliably Unreliable A smarter set of technologies is what we need for the mobile. During periods of high speed and high quality bandwidth, mobile apps should anticipate what we're going to read or watch and cache it for later. Don't make us have to remember to pre-download or prepare for being offline.
Hopper And Aereo, Threats To Traditional TV, Can't Be Stopped In Court For now, Aero and the Hopper will only get more popular as the cases wind their way through court, said intellectual property
The Smartphone Physical Imagine a comprehensive checkup using only smartphone-based devices. The data is immediately readable and fully uploadable to an electronic health record. The patient understands -- and even participates -- in the interaction far beyond faking a cough and gulping a deep breath. For real?
On The Michael Arrington Accusations We normally don't cover criminal accusations against individuals without police reports or other documents filed, or significant
iPhone 5S Release And A Possible (Not Possible) Launch Date Could we add to this list of noteworthy June introductions the eagerly-anticipated iPhone 5S? 2. Precisely When? * * Eric
YouTube April Fools 2013 Other notable YouTube celebrities appear in the video as well, each sharing their dream to be selected as the best video
NY Tech Scene - Rising And at the Tech Meetup the newly public company made good on it's promise to continue to innovate. Showing off Shutterstock
Rare Photos From Steve Jobs' 1996 Return To Apple Appear On Flickr (PHOTOS) Check out the photos from the night Steve Jobs returned to Apple below
After Cyberattack, Sven Olaf Kamphuis Is At Heart Of Investigation Sven Olaf Kamphuis calls himself the \u201cminister of telecommunications and foreign affairs for the Republic of CyberBunker
Five Ways Social Media Has Forever Changed the Way We Work Organizations seeking to evolve need to not only recognize the changes in technology and behavior but they also need to take a strategic approach to changing how their employees fundamentally work. Technology without strategy won't get you very far.
Apple Buys WiFiSlam, Indoor Location Startup NEW YORK (Reuters) - Apple has acquired a Silicon Valley startup, WiFiSlam, which makes mapping applications for smart phones
Watch The Top YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. We've sifted through the top couple
Cyber Spying Collaboration Discovered Between Shanghai Jiaotong University, People's Liberation Army Shanghai Jiaotong is not officially linked to China's military. SISE says on its website its goal is to speed up the development
The Content Brief Mobile local ad spend is predicted to reach $6.4 billion by 2017. And it's no surprise, given the astounding results so far
Until You Leave Your Family Cell Phone Plan, You're Not a Real Adult The decision to leave the family plan -- or not have your parents pay your own plan -- has less to do with age and more with means. If you can afford a cell phone plan of your own, then you should cut ties with the 'rents.
NY Tech Scene - Rising Have a great week NY Techsters... www.catchafire.org Tips, events, or N.Y. Tech news? Email me at Srosenbaum (at) nycedc
New iPhone To Bring The Color, The Fingerprint Yes, we're shamelessly popping off some half-hearted 2 Chainz puns for This Week In Apple Rumors, as all of the conversation
Too Much to Do and What to Do About It Naturally I turn to technology to help me out. Modern technology is awesome, but not enough. Here is my current, highly optimized, guide to personal productivity using a combination of technology, common sense, and ideas stolen (with love) from various experts and scientific studies.
Thoughts About SXSW Companies that don't have active social media accounts and multiple representatives at SXSW are now the exception than the rule. While this is a great thing, I do worry that too many companies focus more on how to use social media to sell product than as a tool to embrace their communities in a true two-way fashion.
Watch The Top YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Instead of just rounding up the top
'Friend Request Accepted' Clarification
'iPhone 5S' With Fingerprint Detection In August And The 'iWatch' By Christmas? Both The Verge and Bloomberg's sources say Apple is really trying to have this thing out there by the end of 2013, in time
Watch The Top YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. We're taken a different tact this
We Don't Need Six Strikes Last month, audiovisual content rights holders announced the new Copyright Alert System, a.k.a. \Six Strikes\ that they and ISPs have put in place to discourage peer-to-peer file sharing of copyrighted files. Good luck!
'Google Poems' Are Hauntingly Beautiful Check out some of our Google poetry below
May the Web Browser Rest in Peace I would like to see something new and better than 20-year-old hacked together ideas with which to browse the massive, unstructured, and nearly endless ocean of content that is our contemporary World Wide Web. The web browser and its core feature set have become a straight jacket on innovation and is holding us back.
The Content Brief From space exploration to 3D printing, this year's South by Southwest Interactive is thinking bigger than the next cool app.
Girls in STEM Together, we can start a new dialogue around girls in STEM and STEM education, and foster a brighter future for science and
iPhone 5S Release Date, The Big iPhone Mini And PATENTS! This Week In Apple Rumors 2. Will The \iPhone Mini\ Prove To Be A 4.5-Inch Screen Monster? Supposed cases of the next-generation iPad -- which Apple
Arts Versus Sciences The separation between arts and sciences is one of those areas where contemporary thinking has fallen behind our medieval, Roman, and Greek cultural ancestors. It's an illusion with huge unfortunate consequences.
Student Database Backed By Gates Foundation Jazzes Tech Startups, Spooks Parents Local education officials retain legal control over their students' information. But federal law allows them to share files
TED 2013 This year's TED was a remarkable collection of thinkers and dreamers -- here are some images from the past week's event
Facebook Set To Unveil Revamped Look For News Feed On March 7th (Reporting By Alexei Oreskovic; Editing by Marguerita Choy and David Gregorio) The last major update to Facebook's newsfeed
The Addiction and Cost of Social Media Have you ever found yourself asking, \Where did the last hour go?\ when connecting with friends or colleagues in social networks? Social media is like a drug; just a little taste and we can't help but want more.
Apple's iPhone 5 Crisis MobileMe was a buggy, unloved sync nightmare that left Apple users with missing data and failed backups. So,  when Apple announced a transition to a new product, users where both hopeful and wary.
Firefox OS Will Take On Apple And Google In The Smartphone Wars, Starting This Summer SIZE MATTERS Mozilla, a non-profit organization, also faces stiff competition. Google's Android software, which the company
The 'iWatch' Slap Bracelet And 'iPad Mini Retina' Photos Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to This Week In Apple Rumors, our regular look back at all of the week's unconfirmed
Sarah Stierch, Wikimedia Fellow, Wants To Bring More Women To Wikipedia Whether small things like women\u2019s movies, fashion, makeup, or things that are extremely critical to women\u2019s lives, like abortion
The Best Darn Conference of the Year Where Ideas Come Alive Quotes from TEDActive 2012 Attendees \There is more passion per capita in Palm Springs the week of TED than anywhere else
From Crowdsourcing to Crowdstorming Over the last decade, organizations like GE, P&G, DARPA and LEGO have pioneered working with crowds to brainstorm. And in recent years, startups like Quirky, Localmotors and Giffgaff have put \crowdstorming\ at the core of their strategies to bring better products and services to market.
The Content Brief Facebook, Apple and Twitter were all targeted recently as well, possibly by the same Eastern European gang. You can check
The Content Brief Missed our take on the Grammys' embrace of social media? Catch up right here. Quick
Tales of Leadership These are two fascinating life stories by two visionaries, and I found them especially interesting in terms of their unique approaches to leadership. I highly recommend them for anyone interested in the dynamics of organizational leadership, either in the private or the public sector.
Google Privacy Policies To Be Probed By EU Privacy Regulators He added that the privacy policy did respect European law. \Google did not provide any precise and effective answers,\ the
Burger King Twitter Account Hacked It has come to our attention that the Twitter account of the BURGER KING\u00ae brand has been hacked. We have worked directly
Should You Buy a BlackBerry 10? I've spent the last two weeks playing with the Z10 and there are some definite pros and cons. Here's what you need to consider before shelling out $199 to buy one.
Mailbox App Gets 800,000-Person-Long Waiting List With Promise Of 'Inbox Zero' \That creates a very different experience and peace of mind where you know that everything is in its place,\ said Underwood
Google To Open Retail Stores In Major U.S. Cities By End Of 2013 According to 9to5Google, an \extremely reliable source\ confirmed that Google is building stand-alone retail stores in the
Can Gamers Save the World? A relationship with a person involves presence.  If you don't believe me, try raising kids by Skype or phone or email.  Obviously, it wouldn't work.  If you want to have a relationship with your kids or as an adult kid with your parents, you have to commit to presence.
President Takes Aim at Cybersecurity Through Executive Order Just a few hours before the State of the Union address, President Obama signed an executive order authorizing new policies to protect U.S. critical infrastructure cybersecurity. The call for additional legislation in this area acknowledges the need for continued vigilance.
iWatch Hysteria, iPhone 5S Inertia And Gaming On Apple TV Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to This Week In Apple Rumors, our regular look back at all of the week's unconfirmed
Stanfords VR Lab Offers Wild Glimpse of the Future The thing about virtual reality is that it's kind of been around a bit too long. Remember when second life was so darn hot? Well, that was a long time ago.
Renting, Buying, and Stealing It's never been harder, or easier, for a developer of software applications to make an honest living. And it's never been more confusing, or simpler, for consumers to figure out how to get access to cool new tools and critical old ones for their computers, phones, and pads.
Netflix's Risky Strategy For 'House Of Cards' And, remarkably Netflix hits it out of the park their first time out making an original series. They got Kevin Spacey, one
Tim Cook Was Originally Opposed To Suing Samsung But component expertise, cash and good market intelligence did not assure success when Samsung launched its own foray into
The iPhablet, iPad Mini Going Retina And iPhone 6 Bullplop Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to This Week In Apple Rumors, our regular look back at all of the week's unconfirmed
Apple Is 'Experimenting' With 'iWatch' Read the whole Times report here. Now with The New York Times reporting that Apple is tinkering with such a smartwatch in
NY Startup MakersRow.com Embraces Local 'Makers' Movement Matt wanted to do his own designs, and so he took his vision for watches and launched Steel Cake, his very own watch brand.  Soon he was a small designer shipping his designs overseas to get them produced.  It wasn't fun.
How to Stop Innovation From Sweeping Your Digital Bits Away In the 21st century a personal digital library is available to all of us who own a smartphone, computer, and an Internet connection.What happens when Facebook, iCloud, Instagram, Flickr, Google Plus, LinkedIn, and Pinterest go away? Corporations are not people but they do have lifespans.
WATCH Find out more in this week's episode of Freshwire's \60 Seconds of Social Media\ below. Yep, the Grammy Awards have gone
WATCH In addition to the hits and scores that will go viral after the Super Bowl on Sunday night, there will be, of course, the
Is Information Moving 'Too Fast'' Today? For the longest time, the promise was that software would provide an automated way to find, filter, and catagorize data and
NYC Tech Scene Rising The program begins on February 25th with a series of events, including an opening reception, meetings with leading New York
Apple, RIM, Google, Microsoft The latest generation of smart phones are all like Toy Story sequels
Something Funny and Fishy About Goodreads' Giveaways and Amazon Amazon makes it easy for writers to self-publish, promote, and distribute through Amazon's network. Goodreads provides a
Twitter Hacked Twitter, the social network known for its 140-character messages, could not speculate on the origin of the attacks as its
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
Netflix Slideshow Offers Inside Look At Company's Talent-First Management Strategy On one slide, managers are advised to give workers The Keeper Test
Critics Eating Crow There is an immense opportunity for marketers as Google's services are further connected through the G+ social layer.
'Sandwich Van' Goes Viral On Twitter After Receptionist Accidentally Sends Sexy Emails To Co-Workers A spokesperson for the company said the couple had chosen to resign from their jobs, even though no disciplinary action had
Not Worried About Big Brother or Big Government I personally do not believe the U.S. Government is controlled by shadowy figures lurking behind a smoke smoke screen of faux democracy. If anything, the political and social events of the last few years are evidence that no one is ultimately \in control\ and that every player is each equally frustrated.
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
Keith Rabois, COO Of Square, Resigns After Relationship With Employee, Harassment Allegations Read the full statement from Rabois on Tumblr. He wrote that the lawsuit accused him \of some pretty horrible things,\ but
iPhone 6 With Fingerprint Detection, New iPad's Weight Loss And Release Dates Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to This Week In Apple Rumors, our regular look back at all of the week's unconfirmed
Social Media Con Artists I understand why Lance Armstrong felt he needed to dope. I don't understand why he needed to lie (and tweet) with such conviction that I believed in him. I understand why Manti Te'o needed to build a great \brand.\ I don't understand why he needed a fake social media girlfriend to do it.
The Prosecution of Aaron Swartz Aaron Swartz is someone who is renowned for acts of altruistic and brilliant creation. More in his short life than most of us will manage. He helped build the commons that enables you to read this. I say this not only in sad farewell but because it's relevant to the discussion that follows.
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
Kim Dotcom Dotcom was coy about the details of the launch party as builders put the finishing touches to a festival-sized concert stage
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
Women In Video Games Look For A Seat At The Industry's Boys' Table Women in the game industry are underrepresented in software engineering and top-level management, reflecting a similar trend
Academics Tweet Tribute To Aaron Swartz, Share Research With Internet In Honor Of Activist Links scraped from Twitter posts featuring the hastag are being aggregated at Pdftribute.net. Many of the links appear to
New York Tech Scene Rising Next up - a potentially game changing view of the medical world... then, a new way to buy on-line bandwidth - Karma. 10gen
Prosecutor as Bully The billions of snippets of sadness and bewilderment spinning across the Net confirm who this amazing boy Aaron Swartz was to all of us. It angers me that he did what he did. But if we're going to learn from this, we can't let slide what brought him here.
Oracle's Java Is a Smelly Fish Tank I ran around the house this morning making sure the Java plugin was turned off in all our web browsers on all our computers. Why was I so panicked? Because the Department of Homeland Security issued a warning late this week about Java.
Why Publishers Should Hate Apps But Don't (Yet) It was beginning to feel like the good old days were coming back. Finally, publishers could stop giving away content for free and start making money again. Certainly they were not going to make that same mistake they had made on the Web.
Wayne Dobson Doesn't Have Your Cell Phone -- But He Might Get Your 911 Call A lot of people have been coming to Wayne Dobson's house lately -- but he's not happy about it. Las Vegas-based local news
Verizon Copyright Alert System Would Throttle Internet Speeds Of Repeat Online Pirates In a blog post last fall, the Center for Copyright Information -- which is coordinating the program between the movie and
Aaron Swartz Suicide Aaron accomplished some incredible things in his life. He was one of the early builders of Reddit (someone always turns up
Meg Whitman's Pay Package Tops $15 Million After HP Posts Net Loss In 2012 That drop in stock price, too, has cut some of HP's executive pay in the form of restricted stock awards from earlier years
Anonymous DDoS Petition Members of Anonymous set up a petition on the White House official website Jan. 7 that asks the government to recognize DDoS
iPhone 6 Appears, Apple Television Doesn't And COLORS! This Week In Apple Rumors Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to This Week In Apple Rumors, our regular look back at all of the week's unconfirmed
FTC's Google Decision Could Spark Patent War By Andrew Longstreth \We know in today's world, defendants are getting more aggressive,\ said Matthew Woods, an antitrust
Google Admits To A Maps Power Play With Microsoft Google has backtracked. It now admits it's been blocking Windows Phone 8 users from accessing Google Maps. Read more on Business
Best Google Bug Ever Adds 'Praise The iPad' To Text-To-Speech Commands (VIDEO) Maybe, but now the bug has gone viral, showing up on the Hacker News site, as well as Gizmodo. Probably not, according to
Kuwait Twitter User Sentenced To 2 Years In Prison For Insulting Emir KUWAIT, Jan 6 (Reuters) - A Kuwaiti court sentenced a man to two years in prison for insulting the country's ruler on Twitter
The Shrill of Today's Online Music Hunt How do I discover music online that's relevant to me when most sites have 15 to 30 million tracks? That's the challenge most consumers face today as they search for new music.
Google's Antitrust Wrist Slap Is Right Result for Wrong Reason -- Right Reason First Amendment considerations should have stopped the FTC's investigation at the outset. That freedom-of-speech is never mentioned in the agency's statement is, well, bizarre.
Las Vegas Tech Show Will Give Peek At The Driverless Cars And Homes Of The Future While retailers prowl for products to fill their shelves, Wall Street investors look for products that are the next hit. Intel
Looking at the Web From a World Away Traveling outside of the U.S., you quickly get a sense of just how much the Internet has changed how we gather and validate information. Our access to information,  and how we use crowd knowledge has changed dramatically in a few short years.
EU Commission's Google Investigation Won't Be Affected By American Decision \We have taken note of the FTC (Federal Trade Commission) decision, but we don't see that it has any direct implications
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
WATCH Catch up on last week's episode, on Instagram's almost perfect year, here. In 2012, smart brands went bold with content marketing
It Has to Be Seen to Be Believed I'm told the spectacle that is CES is something that has to be seen to be believed. A technical extravaganza of epic proportions. So what on earth, you may ask, may excite a self-professed techno inept enough to venture forth into the wilds of the world's largest electronic mosh pit?
Google Is Attacking Apple From The Inside Out -- And It's Working After years of hammering away at Apple's share of the smartphone market with cheap-to-free Android phones, Google has lately
Google Is Attacking Apple From The Inside Out -- And It's Working After years of hammering away at Apple's share of the smartphone market with cheap-to-free Android phones, Google has lately
Let's All Take Responsibility for a Better Internet in 2013 Despite efforts to exert control, the Internet, in most parts of the world, remains pretty free and open and a lot of people, -- myself included -- want to keep it that way.
Can We Combine Technology, Economic Savings and Social Networks? Can we use social media to play a role in mobilizing consumers and achieving energy savings?
Huawei Partner Offered To Illegally Sell HP Computers To Iran TCI is the parent company of MCI. \In order to keep serving (MCI) with high quality, we provide this expansion proposal to
2012 Taught Apple How To Say Sorry The company at first defended its work. \u201cWe are continuously improving it,\ a spokesperson argued, \and as Maps is a cloud
Google Removed 50 Million 'Pirate' Search Results This Year Over the past year copyright holders have asked Google to remove 51,395,353 links to infringing webpages, a dramatic surge
Pinterest Sued By Former Business Partner Of Early Investor Pinterest has arrived at that special milestone for any successful start-up
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
How To Overshare Let's own up to it
Tablets Dominate the Toy Aisle What one may find surprising is the fact that the hottest products in the toy industry right now aren't technically toys -- yup, that's right, they're tablets.
Fake YouTube Views Cut By 2 Billion As Google Audits Record Companies' Video Channels Google made good on its promise to weed out views inflated by artificial means last week, according to Daily Dot. Record
This Tiny Gizmo Could Be A Very Big Deal In 2013 The company is called Leap Motion, and if you want to get an idea of how much everyone in San Francisco is buzzing about
China Poised For Crackdown On Internet China appears to be gearing up for a crackdown on its domestic Internet after a series of online expos\u00e9s of corruption underscored
Netflix Outage On Christmas Eve Is Blamed On Amazon \We are investigating exactly what happened and how it could have been prevented,\ Evers said. An outage at Amazon Web Services
Google Maps For iPhone Seriously, though
Instagram Hit With First Class Action Lawsuit After Furor Over Changes Kurt Opsahl, a senior staff attorney with the Electronic Frontier Foundation who had criticized Instagram, said he was pleased
NORAD Santa Tracker 2012 Lets You Follow Claus Online Christmas Eve Take a look at some highlights on YouTube from Santa's first stops this Christmas Eve
Apps To Help You Achieve Your New Year's Resolutions \There are a lot of healthy people out there who unknowingly buy products that have an inordinate amount of salt in them
Websites Vary Prices, Deals Based on Users' Information It was the same Swingline stapler, on the same Staples.com SPLS -2.04% website. But for Kim Wamble, the price was $15.79
This Holiday Season, What Happens When All of Our Cultural Memories Go Digital? As you celebrate this holiday season, be sure to save your digital memories by printing them out or backing them up. And beyond that, do everything you can to speak out for internet freedom.
7 Things That Became Obsolete This Year We've seen a lot of innovation in technology this year
New Google Phone -- Codename 'X Phone' -- Is Being Developed To Take On Apple, Samsung The Journal quoted the people saying that Motorola is working on two fronts
Twitter, Instagram Deal Almost Happened For $525 Million Relations between Twitter, Instagram and Facebook have soured since Facebook successfully swooped for the photo service. Earlier
This Is Your Life, As Recalled By An App The holiday season of 2011 was a hive of activity for me. One week in early December, I managed to attend a party at the
You Can Now Download Your Entire Twitter History Twitter CEO Dick Costolo has promised in recent months that an option for users to download an archive of all the tweets
Video Game Gift Givers Guide For Dummies Step 1
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
Microsoft, Motorola Want To Keep Patent Details Of Their Legal Fight A Secreeeet The details concern terms of Motorola's licenses with third parties and Microsoft's business and marketing plans for future
WATCH If your brand isn't taking advantage of the video revolution - 800 million YouTube users watch 4 billion hours of videos
NRA Under Twitter, Facebook Attack After Newtown Shootings Of course, that's only a sampling. The anger is evident on Facebook, too, as the Daily Dot notes. There, the website reported
iPhone 5S Photos, iGlasses And Apple Television Whispers Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to This Week In Apple Rumors, our regular look back at all of the week's unconfirmed
The Most Popular Hanukkah Videos to Ever Hit YouTube We've already presented the best holiday light displays of 2012 and now we're serving up the most popular Hanukkah videos ever to hit YouTube!
Scroogled or Binged? A Guide to Online Holiday Guides Bing thinks that Google is \scroogling\ you by giving you a bunch of paid ads disguised as search results. But as long as other search experiences are sub-optimal to Google, it does not have any evolutionary pressure to do any better than it already does.
Air Force's Billion-Dollar Software Stumble For the United States Air Force, installing a new software system has certainly proved to be a wicked problem. Last month
A Little Apple Goes A Long Way The company is being tweaked for its relatively measly investment in U.S. manufacturing. But the impact of $100 million on
New York Tech Rising This week,  NYCEDC had an 'eat our own dog food' moment.  We decided to have a 'virtual'  office hours event for the Entrepreneur at Large community.  We learned a lot,  both about the tech and the city -- and most importantly we learned that we'll do it again.
'The Startup Chef' Cookbook's Recipes By Tech Luminaries Tell How To Make Chocolate iPhones And More These and several dozen other recipes can be found in a new cookbook, The Startup Chef, available exclusively as an ebook
Most Viral Tech Ads Of 2012 Regardless of what you think of methodology, the Visible Measures list provides a handy look back at some of the larger and
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
The Battle for the Future of the Internet? Singing from the same songbook as Web juggernaut Google, the U.S. government is strongly opposed to any changes to the International Telecommunication Regulations, arguing the Internet has nothing to do with 'traditional' telecommunications -- and that freedom is at stake.
John McAfee Captured? Anti-Virus Pioneer Reportedly Captured At Mexico-Belize Border On his blog, for example, McAfee has described the elaborate steps he has taken to evade capture. McAfee has \disputed any
Watch The World's Cheapest Tablet In Action, DataWind's $40 Ubislate 7ci [Video] (Click here for original article.) Watch The World's Cheapest Tablet In Action, DataWind's $40 Ubislate 7ci via FastCompany
NYC Tech Scene Rising Let's get the NY vs. San Fransisco Reality TV Debate out of the way.
In the End, We're All Entrepreneurs In my 25 years of working I've only really seen one kind of business
Convicted File-Sharer Gets Record 40-Month Prison Term A member of the in-theater camcording gang known as the IMAGiNE Group was handed a 40-month prison term Thursday in what
USA Internet Blackout Unlikely, Experts Say The fears aren't coming out of nowhere. Members of the U.S. Congress have at times raised the idea of giving the president
Surface Pro Battery Life We really wanted the Microsoft Surface to succeed, if for nothing else but to light a fire under Apple to step its game up
Wavii, Summly Apps Serve Up Summarized News On The Go \We're getting close to figuring out the formula,\ he said. By Gerry Shih Aoun's app pits his company against the likes of
Internet Back On In Damascus, Homs After Days Without Connection The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, an opposition-linked violence monitoring organisation, said connectivity had returned
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
WATCH Oh, it's on! Black Friday is in full swing -- but do you really even need to leave the house anymore? Only 23 percent of Black Friday shopping took place online in 2006. Last year? 40 percent. Hey, why brave the crowds when you can shop in your PJs?
New York Tech Rising Thanksgiving is a time for looking back -- and thinking about the year ahead. So with that in mind -- I wanted to take this time to share some things I'm thankful for in this growing tech city.
How HP's Disastrous Deal Blows A Hole In Consulting HP lost $8.8 billion on acquisition gone bad. Are high-priced consultants and accountants like KPMG and Deloitte to blame
Gaza Violence Leads Lawmakers To Call For Shuttering Terror Groups On Twitter The past week's violence in Gaza has rekindled calls for Twitter to shutter the accounts of U.S.-labeled terror groups such
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
Your Data for Black Friday and Cyber Monday Deals Consumers who are willing to give brands a peek into their private lives by following them on Twitter or becoming their Facebook fan should be able to use their data in their favor.
'Gangnam Style' YouTube Views \We just made a phone call and I talked to him and said 'Hey, so many people asked did you meet Justin Bieber?'\ Psy said
Damian Dinning, Nokia Imaging Chief, To Quit Struggling Phone Maker HELSINKI (Reuters) - Nokia's long-time imaging chief Damian Dinning has decided to leave the loss-making cellphone maker
Fighting Hurricane Sandy Debris Removal Crooks Officials dealing with the destruction in the U.S. Northeast say one of their biggest headaches is debris-removal fraud committed
Mike Lynch, Autonomy Founder, Says HP Allegations Don't Add Up This is because software companies often bundle products and services such as licenses, installation, training and maintenance
Cyber Monday Deals \That's what retailers want you to do,\ says Dan Olds, who runs Gabriel Consulting Group, a retail trend watching firm. MAXIMISE
HP Explains How Its Computers Got To Syria The letter was a response to a request from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's Office of Global Security Risk
Copyright Alert System The RIAA and MPAA, though, have kept a clause in the initiative that lets them demand personal information about copyright
Apple Black Friday 2012 Sale One of Apple's biggest bargains is on laptops, which, while it won't win any doorbuster prizes, is still a sizable discount
Annoying Facebook Friends Are there people you absolutely can't stand to follow on this digital platform? Sound off in the comments section or tweet
QOOQ, French Tablet, Can Help You Prepare Your American Feast Now those who are really serious about food have QOOQ, conveniently pronounced \cook.\ QOOQ founder Jean-Yves Hepp, who made
Pioneers of Digital After an impressive career at Stanford and Hotwired, June Cohen from TED sat down with Chris Anderson to discuss the start of an incredible journey towards nearly one billion video views and to talk about how the TED Conference began opening itself \up to the world.\
Hackers Target Israel Finance Minister Yuval Steinitz said just one hacking attempt was successful on a site he did not want to name, but it was
Many Rural AT&T Customers Still Lack High-Speed Internet Despite Merger Promise As punishment, the FCC required the cable provider to offer the service a year longer than the original requirement, conduct
Anonymous Hacks Israel, Declares 'All Your Base Are Belong To Us' \...[When] the government of Israel publicly threatened to sever all Internet and other telecommunications into and out of
Appy Holidays! Best 9 Apps For Holiday Shopping We could all use a little help with our gift lists on the go. Instead of asking Siri, look to these apps to navigate your
China's Copyright Piracy Problem Isn't As Big As Media Makes It, Says China By Ben Blanchard \This could only happen because China's intellectual property rights environment sets foreign investors
Apple, HTC Lawsuit Settled By Agreeing Not To Fight For 1 Whole Decade Late last year, the U.S. International Trade Commission ruled that HTC had infringed upon one of four patents Apple had disputed
Spotify To Raise $100 Million At $3 Billion Valuation (Reporting by Himank Sharma in Bangalore) (Reuters) - Spotify is in the middle of a $100 million financing round that could
Killer Fail A few days before the presidential election, Mitt Romney's campaign announced what it hoped would be its secret weapon at
Mitt Romney's Project ORCA Failure It was a perfect storm of technical issues and a confusing training program that rendered ORCA unusable and completely unhelpful
The Online Funeral Far from being a settled matter, the appropriateness of public displays of grief is now being debated in the context of social media. Some applaud live-tweeting a funeral for extending the circle of participation. Others don't see things this way.
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
Relying on Twitter During Hurricane #Sandy After my New York City apartment lost power around 8 p.m., my smartphone's data plan suddenly became my only connection with the outside world. Tweets from the community are helpful to get a distributed feel of the situation but they have to be taken with a grain (a byte?) of salt.
Google Casts A Big Shadow On Smaller Web Sites STARTING in February, Jeffrey G. Katz grew increasingly anxious as he watched the steady decline of online traffic to his
How Facebook, Twitter Court Political Campaigns Social-media companies Facebook Inc. FB -0.14% and Twitter Inc. are trying to turn political advertising into a big business
Internet Governance Forum in Azerbaijan to Discuss Global Policy The IGF is a United Nations forum to discuss a wide variety of issues regarding Internet governance. Unlike many U.N. forums, IGF is attended not just by government officials but also by corporations, non-profit groups and scholars interested in how to handle content management on the global Internet.
Will Windows 8 Fly in a Touch-Grounded World? Call me a reductionist, but I believe the consumer is most wanting a desktop experience and a tablet experience, independent of the other.
Hurricane Sandy Delivers 'Another Catastrophe' To Verizon's Home, Complicating Network Repairs \u201cIt was churning like crazy. You can see the line here,\u201d Chris Levendos, Verizon\u2019s executive director of national operations
Information Blackout In Lower Manhattan Ends As Lights, Internet Return Olivia Cieri spent most of the work week after Hurricane Sandy volunteering at ABC No Rio, an artists\u2019 collective on Rivington
Twitter Reportedly Wants To Add Filters, Compete With Instagram In the coming months, Twitter plans to update its mobile applications to introduce filters for photos that will allow people
Apple's Second Apology To Samsung Is Much Less Snarky The link takes you to a straightforward, if legalese heavy, description of the ruling in favor of Samsung on Oct. 18
AT&T Mobile Charging Effort Falls Flat In Red Hook, Brooklyn Both of her family's cars were destroyed in the flood, and without electricity, her phone is her only connection to the world
RIP Nyan Cat Courtesy of What's Trending, YouTube's famous Keyboard Cat\u00a0pays a chill, musical tribute to Marty the cat -- the inspiration
How Hurricane Sandy Impacted Internet Usage Through Netflix, Skype And More Were you on the internet more because of Hurricane Sandy? Did you use services like Skype or Twitter to stay updated? Let
When Machines Rule The World Stock markets are supposed to be efficient. Rational actors continually process data in a methodical way and spit out the
Are eReaders Doomed? How Our Tablet Love Affair Is Putting The eReader In Jeopardy \I don't see any significant improvements in the technology in the past few years,\ says Calvin Shao of Fubon Securities
Google Event Cancelled Due To Hurricane Sandy In the meantime, find out how to track Hurricane Sandy online (here) with our handy Twitter and Facebook page rundowns. You
Windows 8 Windows 8, Microsoft's attempt to be more Apple than Apple, is about to shake up my world and the world of serious gamers everywhere.
Windows 8 Vocabulary Terms You Need To Talk Intelligently About Microsoft's New OS Quickness -- (We cheated on 'Q', sue us.) Microsoft has drastically improved the time it takes to boot up a Windows 8 machine
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
Lee Chong Wei, Malaysian Badminton Player, Wants Fans To Facebook Him To Get Wedding Invites The Olympic silver medalist is getting hitched to sweetheart Wong Mew Choo on November 9 and the chosen few will be able
Jailbreaking Tablets Deemed Illegal By The U.S. Copyright Office The updated document (seen here) states the following
High-Tech App Powered Halloween Costumes (VIDEO) Need an easy-to-assemble Halloween costume that'll surely be the talk of the party? There's an app for that!
Marissa Mayer Yahoo Comeback Plan Hones In On Technology, Not Media TALENT HUNT The new strategy is not without risks
NY Tech Scene -- Rising (Week of 10/22/12) Tech used to mean software, but that's changing rapidly.
Joanna Shields, Facebook Exec In Charge Of Europe, Quits To Join Group Promoting London's Tech Scene (anjuli.davies@thomsonreuters.com; +44 207 542 6670) Her departure will be a blow to Facebook, the world's biggest social
iPad Mini Event, New Retina MacBooks And Mac Minis, Too Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to This Week In Apple Rumors, our regular look back at all of the week's unconfirmed
Inside Foxconn - James Fallows - The Atlantic The current workforce at Foxconn's Longhua site is around 220,000, of whom about one-quarter stay on-site in dormitories
Hey Guys Here is one obvious fact that was lost on Michael Brutsch, even though he is a computer programmer who should have known better
Google Mulls FTC Settlement Over Patents  (Reuters) - Google Inc is considering a settlement with the Federal Trade Commission over potential claims it broke antitrust
Peter Thiel Could Invest In AirBnb, Valuing It At $2.5 Billion Airbnb and a spokesman for Thiel both declined comment Friday afternoon. Details of the investment round, which has not yet
YouTube Networks YouTube and its roughly 200 or so networks may be the new \new media,\ but their way of doing business is very \old Hollywood
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
iPhone, Samsung Galaxy S3 Blended Most people have a lot of questions when deciding what smart phone to buy, especially when you're choosing between two competing
Hey, Apple! Get Off My Tail! It's just the beginning, guys. Every breath you take. Every move you make. Every bond you break, every step you take, Apple will be watching you. Unless you find the well-hidden option, that is.
Linus Torvalds, Linux Creator, Talks Storage Technology, Compares Hard Drives To 'Satan' [Torvalds] says he only uses desktops and laptops that store data and applications on flash memory, the same stuff that holds
Touring the YouTube Offices 
When The Most Personal Secrets Get Outed On Facebook Bobbi Duncan desperately wanted her father not to know she is lesbian. Facebook told him anyway. Read more on WSJ.com
AT&T Allegedly Starts Six-Strikes Anti-Piracy Plan Next Month, Will Block Websites A set of leaked internal AT&T training documents obtained by TorrentFreak reveal that the Internet provider will start sending
YouTube, Remix Culture and Curation Now that YouTube has revealed that curation is core to their strategy of contextualizing video content, and curators will be paid, leaders in the Fair Use and Remix community are taking notice.
SNL Takes On iPhone 5 'Problems' In Skit Pitting Tech Bloggers Against Chinese Factory Workers (VIDEO) The show's recent \Tech Talk\ skit assembles a mock talk show where vocal tech bloggers air their grievances about the device
Red Bull Stratos YouTube Live Stream Attracts Record Number Of Viewers (UPDATE) Take a look at our live blog from the event for photos, videos, tweets and more from the exciting ascent and skydive as they
iPad Mini Event And Mockups, New Retina MacBook In Tow Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to This Week In Apple Rumors, our regular look back at all of the week's unconfirmed
Blueseed Raising Money To Park Ship Full of Startups Near SF \How awesome would it be if there could be an environment that would be dedicated to helping entrepreneurs...grow and scale
ATT iPhone Customers Hit With Massive Data 'Sipping' Bug The bug is the result of an IOS 6 problem that connects the phone to the cellular data network whenever the phone is connected to a WiFi signal.
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
iPad Maxi, Mini, and Micro I have three flat touch devices on my desk right now. All three pretty much do the same thing. I feel having three of these things should be an extravagance but it's not.
Kindle eBook Refunds If the court approves the settlements, the publishers will pay for e-book refunds that will be applied automatically to the
iPhone 5 Camera Problem Addressed By Apple In Support Document Apple CEO Tim Cook recently published a public apology for the company's half-baked Maps app, which was developed to replace
Machinima Premieres 'Halo 4 \Halo 4
The World of 'Makers' Revealed by Wired's Chris Anderson Chris Anderson has cemented himself as the premier chronicler of the digital world with the soon to be published new work Makers
iPad Mini Event Invitations, Video, And Photos Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to This Week In Apple Rumors, our regular look back at all of the week's unconfirmed
'OpenDyslexic,' Free Font, Helps People With Dyslexia Read Online The BBC reports that a recent update to Instapaper, an app that allows users save Web pages to read later, included OpenDyslexic
Amazon Once Offered To Buy Netflix For $12 Million, Book Says In late 1990s, Netflix was still a struggling start-up when CEO Reed Hastings flatly rejected Amazon's acquisition offer
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
ZNGA Monthly-paying players rose to 4.1 million in the second quarter from 3.5 million. That number would have declined had it
Prediction I've crudely plotted Facebook's user growth in an old notebook, ignoring all sorts of factors that I don't know
iPhone 5 While the iPhone 5 release is a devastating flub for Apple it's a fantastic opportunity for the rest of us.
On China's Internet You Can Insult The Government All You Want (Just Don't Talk About The Censors) China's apparatus for control of speech on the Internet is perhaps the largest and most robust in the world. However secretive
Nokia, Oracle To Ink Maps Deal (Writing by Olivia Oran in New York; Editing by Dale Hudson) (Reuters) - Phone maker Nokia Oyj is expected to announce a
California Law Helps Pave the Way to a Bright Mobile Future As consumers increasingly show a preference for mobile voice and broadband services, American innovators -- many based in California -- are bringing an astounding array of new products and services to market that both anticipate and respond to evolving consumer demand.
Three Rules for Earning Quality User-Generated Content Marketers today face an incredible challenge -- cutting through the clutter to capture the attention of the most highly fragmented audience in history.
Kindle Paperwhite Review Take a look at how the Kindle Paperwhite compares to the Nook Glowlight (below)
Formlabs 3D Printer Is A Desktop-Sized Industrial-Grade Device You Can (Almost) Afford Want to print yourself a filigreed bracelet? How about an action figure? Or a tiny to-scale model of the Eiffel Tower? All
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
Why Facebook and YouTube Should Err on the Side of Free Speech They do have a right to set limits that exceed speech rules in democratic countries like the U.S. but they also have a solemn responsibility to take their roles seriously and not arbitrarily censor content unless it clearly violates their stated guidelines.
Apple No Longer Saying Its Maps Are 'The Most Powerful' Following Apple CEO Tim Cook's candid admission that Apple Maps might not be so great, and his suggestion that users turn
Cyber Attacks On Canadian Firms Could Be Coming From China In both cases the Canadian government declined to comment on reports which suggested a Chinese connection. Calgary-based
Do What You Love, But Don't Get Sick I talked to quite a few independent artists who told me about how hard it has been to pay out-of-pocket for health insurance. One artist I love told me his wife's Urinary Tract Infection (UTI) counted as a pre-existing condition and makes their payment outrageously expensive.
Data Centers Waste Vast Amounts Of Energy, Belying Industry Image Most data centers, by design, consume vast amounts of energy in an incongruously wasteful manner, interviews and documents
Iran Blocks Google As It Prepares To Launch Its Own Internet Iranians commonly overcome the government filter by using virtual private network (VPN) software that makes the computer
Don't Be Rude Most of the time, my phone makes me rude. I\u2019ll break eye contact to send a text, leave conversations to snap a photo, or
Necomimi Despite what the Necomimi's shape may have you believe, putting on the $99 ears is significantly harder than slipping on
The Future of Venture Capital (Part 2) I wanted to highlight three companies taking a new approach to starting and funding technology startups
Alan Kwan, Lifelogger, Makes His Memories Into Video Game (VIDEO) But users may find Kwan's ideas of what to do with the memories a little creepy; after all, judging by his currently-searchable
Apple Supply Chain Mastery Is Key To CEO Tim Cook's Success Insiders say he is a refreshing presence after the prickly Jobs, who was admired but feared. Cook is also known for his ability
Apple Seeks U.S. Sales Ban On Samsung, $707 Million More In Damages Apple said it wanted the court to award it damages that reflect \a rational and fair effort to address Samsung's willful
DARPA's New Mind-Reading Binoculars Are Scary-Efficient At Identifying Enemies Now such threat-detecting devices aren't just the fantasy of films. The U.S. military is developing binoculars that read
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
We Interrupt This Blog Post With a Copyright Alert During the Hugo Awards ceremony science fiction fans are celebrated, remembered, and rewarded along with the authors. Could you imagine Hollywood celebrating its fans by name and in person, along side the stars at the Oscars? Maybe people would start tuning in again.
Winklevoss Twins Invest In SumZero The 2008 accord was intended to resolve a feud over whether Zuckerberg stole the idea for what became the world's most popular
Predictive Maintenance Because regret is expensive, and proactive inspections save everyone time, money, and more importantly, piece of mind down
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
WATCH The tablet wars are heating up. Can Amazon's new Kindle Fire HD take on Apple's iPad?
Hacking The Future As the Internet becomes a more lucrative ground for corporate interests, the likelihood of censorship of inflammatory content increases. Which is why some techies are trying to scrap the Internet we have and build a new one.
Spectre 1, iMac Look Eerily Similar If you covered up the company's logos, only a trained eye wouldn't mistake HP's Spectre One for an Apple product. Here's
Why Wait Until Something Breaks? Let's Try Predictive Maintenance Why wait until something is broken to fix it? That's what a growing number of companies are asking themselves these days.
Kindle Ads Can Be Removed By Saturday web sites engadget.com and cnet.com were reporting that Amazon had changed its policy. (Reporting by David Henry
iPhone 5 Unveiling, iPad Mini Leaks, And The Return Of iPod Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to This Week In Apple Rumors, our regular look back at all of the week's unconfirmed
Kindle Fire HD 4G But they say it's very unusual for a company to announce major new products without first getting the sign-off from the agency
Hail to the Thief A brief flash of TV footage underscores a huge problem for all card-carrying Medicare recipients
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
Joanne Hughes, Kansas City Mother, Petitions To Get 'Sexting' Statue Removed From Park \u201cI have seen the statue of David in person,\u201d Hughes said of Michelangelo's statue in Florence, noting that the depicted David
iPhone 5 Photos, iPad Mini Peekaboo, And iMacs Galore Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to This Week In Apple Rumors, our regular look back at all of the week's unconfirmed
Pirate Bay Founder Arrested In Cambodia Pirate Bay founder Gottfrid Svartholm has been arrested in the Cambodian capital Phnom Penh. Read more on Torrent Freak
How Joining Facebook Is Hurting Instagram Just months ago Instagram celebrated a billion-dollar buyout. Now it's falling along with Facebook. Read more on The Daily
Apple-Samsung Lawsuit NEW YORK (Reuters) - Seeking to capitalize on a major legal victory over its rival Samsung Electronics Ltd, Apple Inc has
Interviewing For The Tech Job You Want, Not The One They Have Most interview processes at tech companies are failures because past performance is not a predictor for future performance. I've learned to trust a less scientific data source as both a job seeker and a talent seeker
Stop Whining! Mark Zuckerberg's Not Listening -- And He Said He Wouldn't Be As Facebook's stock continues to collapse, the volume of whining is increasing. Four months ago, you will recall, Facebook
FlyingBuddy2 The system was actually hacked together using parts that anyone can purchase
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
iPhone 5 In September, iPad Mini In October, Apple Television God Knows When Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to This Week In Apple Rumors, our regular look back at all of the week's unconfirmed
Microsoft Some analysts are skeptical that Microsoft can produce a device that the mobile consumer will love. It remains to be seen
5 Ways Facebook's New Design Tricks You Facebook keeps \improving\ their design so that more of us will add apps on Facebook without realizing we're granting those
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
Velvin Hogan, Foreman In Apple Samsung Case, Says Jury Didn't Want $1 Billion Verdict To Be 'Just A Slap On The Wrist' Apple's damages expert testified that Samsung earned margins of roughly 35.5 percent on the products at issue in the lawsuit
eSports and How to Stay Connected with Your Grown-Up Kids Looking around the vast auditorium floor I see only a handful of parents. But that's ok. I'd rather spend a weekend in the world that my kids inhabit than force them to suffer through mine.
WATCH Remember travel agents? Once a staple of vacation planning, their numbers have dwindled as Internet and social media use has skyrocketed.
Samsung SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Samsung Electronics called a U.S. jury decision in favor of Apple Inc \a loss for the American
Empire State Building Shooting Leads To Social Media Payday For One Instagram User As the world tries to figure out the motives of the Empire State Building shooter, one random Instagram photo provides a
Pin This -- Pinterest Releases Android and iPad Apps The new Android and upgraded iOS apps come days after the service went invite free. However, not all of the app interface changes have been positive for a subset of pinners, as they are called.
iPhone 5 Preorders, iPad Mini Predictions, And Apple TV Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to This Week In Apple Rumors, our regular look back at all of the week's unconfirmed
Will Robot Cars Get Stuck in Policy Traffic? Even after the considerable technological development is complete, it is unlikely that any of us will be jumping into our robotic roadster anytime soon. The technological barriers are likely to pale in contrast to the policy, market, and consumer challenges to the driverless car.
Beyond Spoilers With so many people receiving Olympic results ahead of time, either through social media, live streams, or other live sources, the audience for time-shifted coverage should have plummeted -- right? Yet NBC's ratings were as strong as ever.
Why Facebook's Stock Is Tanking The answer may lie in Facebook\u2019s dominant role within the digital sector
Huffington Magazine As we publish our 10th issue of Huffington magazine and in anticipation of our September 10th Design and Tech Meet Up in partnership with SPD, here's a snapshot of lessons learned developing and publishing a new digital-only magazine.
Facebook 'Sponsored Stories' Settlement Rejected By Judge SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A U.S. judge rejected Facebook Inc's proposed legal settlement to resolve allegations that the
OnLive's Assets Sold To Another Company In the face of a myriad of rumors and conflicting reports this morning, the pioneering cloud gaming service OnLive confirmed
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
7 Epic Video Game Fails America has a love-hate relationship with this industry. Some say they're too violent or the cause for high rates of bullying
The Myth of the Aging Hacker and How to Fight It Technology has a reputation for being a young person's game. That's a perception I would like to change. Sure, when I was young I had a dozen ideas a day. But I hardly ever completed anything. Now that I am older, I have the ability to finish what I started.
Google Files New Patent Lawsuit Against Apple, Seeks To Block IPhone, IPad & Mac Imports To U.S. According to Bloomberg, Google\u2019s Motorola unit just filed a new patent-infringement lawsuit against Apple with the U.S. International
iPhone 5 Leaks, iPad Mini Dreamin', And A Smaller Retina MacBook Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to This Week In Apple Rumors, our regular look back at all of the week's unconfirmed
The Number That Shows Why Apple Is Suing Every Android Manufacturer In Sight The eyes of the technology world are focused on the epic patent struggle between Apple and Samsung - the latest iteration
Apple Fans Are Getting Old, iDevice Delight Fading In The Younger Crowd That slow climb in approval from boomers and 40-somethings aligns with something I noted back in November
Google Street View Don't have the time (or money) to see the castles of Japan or the valleys of Norway? Not to worry -- you're not alone in
Marissa Mayer Is Right Building great products -- products that change the game, that put a dent in the universe, and move the needle -- is far more important than focusing on revenue. It's exactly what Yahoo! needs to do.
Demystifying SEO for Your CEO Once a small business CEO recognizes they can easily master the key elements of Google -- and even turn Google into their best salesperson -- they're empowered to do even more.
IPhone 5 Announcement All But Confirmed, IPad Mini In Tow? This Week In Apple Rumors Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to This Week In Apple Rumors, our regular look back at all of the week's unconfirmed
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
Unintended Consequences of FTC's New COPPA Children's Online Privacy Rules While the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act is a well-intentioned law and the new proposed rules do bring it into the 21st century, there are unintended negative consequences.
Hacking Your Way Into The Workforce If you are looking for work, or in danger of becoming out of work, there are concrete steps you can take to improve your situation. You can learn to hack. I know this formula for improving your employment options works
Another Round Of Google Shutdowns Announced Google just announced yet another batch of services it plans to discontinue in the near future. Most of these are relatively
iPhone 5 Release Date, iPad Mini Launch, And A New iPod Touch (Finally!) Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to This Week In Apple Rumors, our regular look back at all of the week's unconfirmed
Computer Fraud and Abuse Act If the high court does not take the Nosal case, legal experts say, little is likely to get settled in the near future over
Undoing Your Digital Past Those who have the time, inclination and money can afford reputation defenders and lawyers who can makeover their online personae. But what does this do for the democratic, free-for-all nature of the World Wide Web?
London Olympics Attendees Asked To Knock Off Tweeting, Texting -- It's Hurting TV The IOC spokesman said it appeared the problem lay with oversubscription on one particular network, and talks had taken place
Stop The Software Updates! Why We Don't Heed The Call To Upgrade But the campaign might be moot. Those same three tech companies let users switching on automatic software upgrades, essentially
13 Americans Who Think They're Watching The Olympic Opening Ceremony Live (TWEETS) NBC chose not to air the Opening Ceremony live today. Instead, they're showing it on tape delay, so it can appear in the
Inside The Weird World Of Tracking Gangs On Social Media But gang graffiti today has taken a turn for the worse. It's going viral, and virtual. Gang members aren't just writing on
iPhone Prototypes That Never Left Apple's Lab (PHOTOS) \According to the filing, it was designed by Apple's Shin Nishibori, and was apparently up against another more metallic
Gold Medal For Hacking? CyFi Should Win It In Las Vegas this weekend, a different kind of Olympics is unfolding, with athletes testing their skills, determination and courage in digital contests at DEFCON, one of the oldest and most important hacker conventions in the world.
Apple-Twitter Deal In The Works? Reports Say Apple May Invest In Social Network First, let's try to be optimists. Perhaps Apple and Twitter are soulmates because both value sleekness and simplicity, the
Tim Berners-Lee Honored At London 2012 Olympics Opening Ceremony (VIDEO) What was the joke? Well you couldn't read Google, The Huffington Post, or any other website without Berners-Lee. Why? He's
Apple Is Said To Discuss An Investment In Twitter Apple, which has stumbled in its efforts to get into social media, has talked with Twitter in recent months about making
Why Is Getting A Dell Refund Such A Dreadful Ordeal? The service sector is the biggest part of the American economy. So why do so many companies stink at the basics of customer
Apple Earnings Ahoy \Of all the quarters, this is the one that seems to have widest range of opinion,\ said Granite's Lesko. It is unclear when
Women Heroes in Tech If you Google \women in tech,\ it's likely that the same 5-10 women will pop up in your search results. I fear that seeing the same faces repeatedly gives the impression that they're the only women succeeding in Silicon Valley.
Kodak Loses Patent Case vs. Apple, RIM; Plans Appeal Kodak filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection from creditors on January 19. Patent litigation has in recent years been
15 Things Twitter Tells Us About Humanity Did you know that the world is collectively grumpy every morning? Or that Lady Gaga has more \monsters\ following her online
Defcon 2012 Conference The NSA plays both offense and defense in the cyber wars. It conducts electronic eavesdropping on adversaries, in addition
Data Mining Can Help, Immediately I don't want to get into a debate about gun control, violence in movies and video games, or the sorry support for mental health services in this homeland of ours. But as a technologist I know there is something we can do to help.
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
eWise I was recently invited to the wedding of a former best friend -- we've remained friends but he and I have grown apart over
The Brave New World Of Tomorrow's Tablets \Flexible and foldable displays will first be implemented on smaller sizes like smartphones,\ said Rhoda Alexander, IHS iSuppli's
Digg'ing Its Own Grave Remember Digg? Just a couple years ago, it was a major player in crowd-sourced news. Getting a link on the the site's front page meant tons of traffic. Nowadays? Not so much.
Kate Middleton's Wedding Dress The day of the royal wedding, a Wikipedia article about the dress was flagged for deletion. This prompted an energetic debate
Mark Zuckerberg Facebook Inc. (FB) Chief Executive Officer Mark Zuckerberg said his hardest job right now is figuring out how to adapt the
Nokia Lumia 900 Price Cut To $50 Once the world's dominant mobile phone provider, Nokia was late to embrace smartphones, and has also been losing market share
iPhone 5 Photos, iPad Mini Leaks, And New Retina MacBook Pros Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to This Week In Apple Rumors, our regular look back at all of the week's unconfirmed
RIM Hit With $147.2 Million Verdict In Wireless Patent Suit Based in Waterloo, Ontario, RIM last month posted its first operating loss in eight years, and it was much deeper than expected
Wikipedia and the Hidden Deletionist Agenda The Deletionist Wars on Wikipedia make visible the underlying culture wars that impact so many parts of our lives, our laws, our media and the way we think. Technology can't fix us. We have to fix ourselves.
Gustav Klimt 'The Kiss' Google Logo Honors Artist's 150th Birthday (PHOTO) Google regularly honors some of the world's greatest minds with \doodles\ displayed on the search engine's page. Google is
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
Twitter HQ Justin Bieber Flash Mob In their YouTube video, Twitter explained the decision was inspired by the wise words of Abraham Lincoln
Web Display Ad World's Woes Reflected In Microsoft's aQuantive Loss Advertisers now question the performance of display ads more as Internet users train themselves to avoid such marketing. A
Privacy? What's That? We sometimes assume that our bank records, our telephone conversations, our Tweets and our Facebook postings are only shared with our permission to our circle of friends and followers.  Not so.
iPhone 5, iPad Mini Release Date, And iPad '4' Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to This Week In Apple Rumors, our regular look back at all of the week's unconfirmed
Is BFD The Next LOL? A Romney adviser criticized the Obama campaign on Friday for selling T-shirts emblazoned with the abbreviation BFD--a reference
The Environmental Cost of \Design First\ The dangerous nature of digital waste is not a new problem. In the early '00s EPEAT set standards for \green electronics.\ But this week tech industry thought leader Apple said they are opting out of the standard! Why did Apple drop out of green computing?
Apple Removes Green EPEAT Electronics Certification From Products Apple has pulled its products off the U.S. government-backed registration of environmentally friendly electronics. Read more
Apple Removes Green EPEAT Electronics Certification From Products Apple has pulled its products off the U.S. government-backed registration of environmentally friendly electronics. Read more
Microsoft's $6.2 Billion Writedown Shows It's Losing War With Google Fighting for online advertising dominance with Google, Microsoft bought aQuantive in 2007--and wrote down almost the entire
Microsoft's $6.2 Billion Writedown Shows It's Losing War With Google Fighting for online advertising dominance with Google, Microsoft bought aQuantive in 2007--and wrote down almost the entire
The Last Mile, San Quentin's Startup Demo Day Program For Prison Inmates San Quentin, a prison located 25 miles north of San Francisco, just held its first startup demo day for inmates who are learning
Apple Said To Plan Smaller iPad To Vie With Google Nexus Apple Inc. (AAPL) plans to debut a smaller, cheaper iPad by year-end, two people with knowledge of the plans said, to help
Google Big Tent Event WATCH the full talk above. For more on Google's Big Tent events, head over to their YouTube page. Arianna recently joined
Privacy, Google, and Facebook Both companies might share some blame for some of the panic around their privacy policies, since they frequently do a really
iPhone 5 Launch Date, New iTunes, And NFC Every week, the numerous blogs covering the mysterious Apple empire float unconfirmed rumors, blatant speculation and questionably
CrowdRise CrowdRise is a fundraising site with a real sense of humor and humility, and the best part is that you can create your own project, get your own friends involved and do more than just read about the news
An Open Letter To People Who Take Pictures Of Food With Instagram. Dear People Who Take Pictures of Food With Instagram, Just because the picture looks artsy doesn't mean you are. Read more
Happy 5th Birthday iPhone As with any birthday, it's appropriate not just to recognize the guest of honor but also the parents that brought that guest into the world so this is a great time to thank the iPhone's father, the late Steve Jobs.
OkCupid Profile Picture 'Experiment' Reveals How Different Online Dating Is For Women vs. Men They also found that in some cases, the more variance there is among male users' view of a woman's picture, the more attention
Cracking The Nexus Q, Google's 25-Watt Amplified Obsession \We're missing a nut,\ says a bemused Matt Hershenson, former Danger founder and now Google's director of hardware for Android
The Man Behind The Mac OS Is Working On A Mystery Startup With Other Ex-Apple Employees Bertrand Serlet is widely considered to be the brains behind Apple's Mac operating system. He was even mentioned as a possible
iPhone 5 vs. Galaxy S3, Apple Television By Christmas Every week, the numerous blogs covering the mysterious Apple empire float unconfirmed rumors, blatant speculation and questionably
BlackBerry Maker RIM Reportedly Considers Splitting Off Smartphone Business (Reporting by Kylie MacLellan; Editing by Catherine Evans) An alternative option would be to keep the company together but
Katherine Losse, The Woman In The Facebook Frat House An early staffer recalls the raucous days of a company in transition from Harvard dorm room to Silicon Valley Read more on
Alan Turing's Brother June 23rd is the centenary of the birth of Alan Turing, father of computer science and artificial intelligence, who committed
Apple eBook Lawsuit Trial Date Set For 2013 NEW YORK (Reuters) - A U.S. judge on Friday set a 2013 trial date for a lawsuit from the U.S. government accusing Apple and
Apple Patent Claims Against Motorola Smartphones Blocked By U.S.  Judge (Reporting by Jessica Dye and Dan Levine; Editing by Gary Hill) Apple had sought an injunction barring the sale of Motorola
Internet Trolls One of the world's greatest mathematicians and computer scientists would have been 100-years-old today. We are all in Alan Turing's debt. For all the wonderful gifts that Turing gave us, however, he was treated horribly.
HP's Europe Offices May Cut Thousands More Jobs HP is planning to cut about 8,000 positions in Europe by the end of 2014, the German magazine said, citing unnamed officials
Alan Turing Google Logo Honors Genius' 100th Birthday With Mind-Bending Puzzle Game While Mr. Turing was dealt with under the law of the time and we can't put the clock back, his treatment was of course utterly
Security Restrictions Online Just a decade ago, an Internet user rarely had to do more than enter a simple, easy-to-remember e-mail password, recycling
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
Unfixable Computers Are Leading Humanity Down A Perilous Path The future of this planet depends on the quality of our electronic devices \u2014 and how long they last. Read more on Wired
Keeping Dad Happy and Your Wallet Safe Two of the top five crimes reported are connected to shopping online
Hacked Companies Fight Back With A Controversial Move \There is a reason that people fly halfway around the world to have a one-hour meeting,\ Joffe said of intelligence agencies
'Mac OS (Old School)' Skin Will Take Your Laptop Back To 1984 (PICTURE) Are you a Mac user who wants the power and speed of a modern-day laptop but yearns for the basic graphics and stripped-down
The Invisible Girl and Why Women Technologists Are Invisible Why women technologists are so invisible is a mystery to me. While I can't lay the blame entirely on the comic books of my day, I can say that luckily today's kids have more choices of heroes who are strong female protagonists.
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
Cell Phone Radiation Is Getting Attention From The FCC But the inquiry would seek any scientific evidence that could warrant changes to the emissions standards. The agency would
Facebook 'Sponsored Stories' Lawsuit The lawsuit, brought by five Facebook members, alleged the social networking site violated California law by publicizing
iPhone 5 Release Date And Video, iPad Mini, And More Every week the numerous blogs covering the machinations of the Apple empire float unconfirmed rumors, blatant speculation
Can Phil Schiller Keep Apple Cool? Steve Jobs always oversaw Apple's (AAPL) blockbuster product launches, but he was never a one-man show. Phil Schiller, the
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
Facebook App Store The app store contest is both a marathon and a sprint. Today's race is just the latest lap around the \software store\ track. My advice to the digital consumer is to play the field, don't bet on a single runner, enjoy the spectacle and always download wisely.
Facebook Profile Picture Choice May Be Influenced By Cultural Background While differences between Eastern and Western culture have been previously studied, Huang and Park's research expands on
How To Spot Twitter Propaganda They're Twitter propagandists, and, according to a new study from Georgia Tech's College of Computing, they've all got the
I Bought Facebook but Not to Make Money Don't misunderstand. The hundreds of dollars I may have flushed down the black hole of venture capitalism will neither force me to eat Ramen Noodles nor cause me to delete my Facebook account.
China Factory Robots \The small private firms that I visit around the country, they're still a bunch of guys in T-shirts banging on metal with
Nintendo Outs Miiverse Social Network For Wii U Gamers Nintendo may have to sell the new console for as much as $350 to break even, reckons Nanako Imazu, an analyst for CLSA in
iPhone 5, iTV Release, And New iOS Maps Every week the numerous blogs covering the machinations of the Apple empire float unconfirmed rumors, blatant speculation
To The Beach! 9 Beach-Ready iPhone Accessories, Apps And Cases To help out those of you who won't be purposely damaging iPhones at the beach as an excuse to buy the much-anticipated iPhone
Apple I Auction Christie's auction house sold an Apple I computer in 2010 for about $210,000. The model was expected to sell for as much
Google Maps Event Scheduled For June 6 Join us on June 6 at 9 a.m. to see what Google will unleash. (And check back with us on June 11 to see if Apple announces
Behind Groupon's $6 Billion Brushoff If you believe the rumored numbers, it would have been the biggest acquisition in Internet history--and you definitely should
HyperCard The original motivations that inspired Bill Atkinson to create HyperCard are more relevant than ever
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
27 New Typefaces Released Last Month That You Need To Know About Anyone who's ever tried their hand at designing a typeface will know that it's a wildly difficult process, and to actually
5 Types Of People You Should Never Friend On Facebook Is there a type of Facebook user you think people should avoid friending? Share your thoughts with us in the comments! Friending
It\u2019ll Be A Miracle If The Facebook Phone Doesn\u2019t Suck Here we go again
Koubachi's Green Thumb App Tells You When Plants Need Watering He added that it is not necessary to purchase a sensor, which costs 100 euros ($125), for each plant because there is a multi
RIM Layoffs Could Hit Thousands A round of layoffs at embattled BlackBerry maker Research in Motion Ltd. expected in the coming days could be much deeper
The 10 Craziest Ways To Disguise Your iPad As soon as the first generation iPad hit the market, hundreds of bizarre iPad designs, covers and accessories were quick
iPhone 5 Design, New MacBook Pro, And 'iTV' Every week the numerous blogs covering the machinations of the Apple empire float unconfirmed rumors, blatant speculation
Living Out Loud -- Should We All Be More \Open?\ If history is any guide, advances in privacy have tended to arise in the wake of widespread privacy abuses. Something similar may be happening today with data breaches and identity theft, as more and more people come to understand the pain and consequences of personal data misuse.
Top 9 Toughest Tech Gadgets (PHOTOS) While most devices nowadays are getting lighter and skinnier to appeal to normal folk (Apple's upcoming iPhone 5 is rumored
iPhone 5 Release Date, iPad Mini And New MacBook Pro Every week the numerous blogs covering the machinations of the Apple empire float unconfirmed rumors, blatant speculation
Facebook Rehab As Mr. Zuckerberg enjoys his Wall Street campaign and wedding nuptials, I am disappearing into the social media shadows. As an activity, it dangerously toes a line of ridiculous social behavior.
The Aloneness of Social Media We share so much, with so many, that instead of building intimacy it creates a vast electronic stage upon which we are all actors in some endless, narcissistic play about ourselves.
Eric Schmidt, Google's Executive Chairman, Challenges College Graduates To 'Take Your Eyes Off That Screen' Schmidt's advice came midway through his remarks and provided context around his broader message that electronic tools such
Heather Walker, Memphis Mother, Temporarily Banned From Uploading Facebook Photos After Posting Images Of Terminally Ill Son (UPDATE) Facebook also explained Heather Walker has never been suspended from the site. Instead, the company said it temporarily blocked
Facebook IPO News Recap FROM THE TRADING FLOOR HuffPost's Blow-By-Blow Live Blog Mark Zuckerberg\u2019s Wealth-o-Meter
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
How Jermaine Dupri Is Connecting With Fans Online 24/7 I recently sat down down with Grammy-award winning writer and producer Jermaine Dupri and talked with him about his social network, Global 14, engaging fans, finding new talent, and what the future holds for the music industry.
Mother's Day 2012 Google Logo Will Warm Your Heart This year marks the first time Google has opted for a moving animation for Mother's Day. Since 2000, the search engine has
What Eduardo Saverin Owes America. (Hint When Eduardo Saverin was 13, his family discovered that his name had turned up on a list of victims to be kidnapped by Brazilian
Touchy, A Human Camera, Urges Us To Get Back In Touch With Each Other (VIDEO) Watch the video above to check out Touchy in action, and then let us know
Antikythera Mechanism A new BBC Four special follows an international team of scientists trying to unlock the mysteries of the Antikythera Mechanism
Steve Wozniak Wozniak is making the rounds in Australia this week, talking about Apple's start and rise to fame in a series entitled \The
For Craftsmen, Craigslist Is A Slender Lifeline With few places to turn, construction workers have colonized Craigslist as the cyberspace equivalent of the street corner
Nobody Seems To Understand What Jeff Bezos Is Doing. Does He? A couple months ago, realizing it would be futile to hold out any longer against the tsunami of pop cultural peer pressure
iPhone 5 Specs, Apple Television Delays Every week the numerous blogs covering the machinations of the Apple empire float unconfirmed rumors, blatant speculation
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
AT&T Chief Regrets Offering Unlimited Data For iPhone When Randall Stephenson, AT&T's chief executive, spoke about the state of the wireless industry at a conference this week
How To Hide From Face-Detection Technology If you take Adam Harvey's advice, here's what you might wanna wear to a party this weekend
The Digital (Gender) Divide When it comes to the demographic discrepancies of social media usage, we tend to think primarily about age. Young people
Nokia's Vertu, Luxury Phone Unit, May Be Sold Off Earlier the Financial Times reported that talks with private equity group Permira were at an advanced stage on a possible
DeadSocial As shown in the photo below, a DeadSocial profile shares many features with typical social sites
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
Good Grief As I sit alone, writing with this actual Papermate pen, which writes words you can feel, words firm and clear, that we are evolving into translucent creatures; Internet sprites, who will Twitter, text and pinterest through cyberspace.
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
Earth Day 2012 Visitors to Google.com will see, in place of the usual company logo, a patch of garden fashioned to spell out \GOOGLE.\ As
James Cameron, Google's Eric Schmidt And Larry Page Back Space Exploration Project SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Google executive chairman Eric Schmidt and billionaire co-founder Larry Page have teamed up with
Is NYC Beating DC in Tech? Today the New York tech scene is exploding. It's alive with talent, innovation, passion, and capital.\nHow did that happen? And what can Washington learn from New York's tech renaissance that could help fuel and expand the fledgling economic recovery that now seems to be blooming?
Tao Girls Writing for Vice's Motherboard, Derek Mead notes that despite Taobao's 65 percent share of the online auction market, and
The 13 Most Bizarre Tech Job Titles Developments in the tech world have brought about amazing innovations and new ways of connecting that have altered the lives
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
FCC Wants To Fine Google $25K For WiFi Investigation Delays (Reporting By Lucia Mutikani; editing by Richard Chang) Google could not be reached for comment. \Google refused to identify
Is There A Way To Outsmart Text Message Spammers? Two years ago, I got a text message from a number with a Las Vegas area code. \u201cThanks for visiting our site!\u201d it read. \u201cClaim
Pirate Party Ordered To Shut Down Pirate Bay Proxy Last week the Dutch Pirate Party refused to cave in to the demands of Hollywood-backed anti-piracy group BREIN, who ordered
Facebook Is Not Your Friend Mark Zuckerberg may think that Facebook's recurrent privacy flaps haven't much affected the sometimes anti-social social network, but they represent a huge potential threat to what he has built.
Computers Could Be Powered By Swarms Of Crabs Fearing For Their Lives Sure, the crabs might seem harmless now, but what if they were to turn this newfound power for evil? They could create some
Lumia 900 Bug Fixed HELSINKI (Reuters) - Nokia said on Saturday it has fixed a software bug in its Lumia 900 smartphones which went on sale a
Robert Doisneau Google Doodle Pays Homage To French Street Photographer (VIDEO) A blog by the Wall Street Journal notes a famous quote by Doisneau, which neatly summarizes the inspiration for his work
Oldify, Fatify, and Baldify Each app comes with its own in-app upgrade, too
When The Cops Subpoena Your Facebook Information, Here's What Facebook Sends The Cops One of the most fascinating documents we came across was the BPD's subpoena of Philip Markoff's Facebook information. It's
Ice Cream Sandwich Updates [UPDATE
Apple's Marketing Of iPad 4G Access Probed By UK Regulators Apple has come up against a similar problem in Australia, whose consumer watchdog took legal action last month to ensure
The 23 Funniest Tumblr Blogs That Will Make You LOL On March 26, Tumblr hit a huge milestone
Foxconn Pay According to the agreement reached with Apple, Foxconn Technology Group, whose subsidiary Hon Hai Precision Industry assembles
Gmail Tap Judging by the comments on the Gmail Google+ page, many users seem to think this is a pretty cool app. (All jokes aside, I
Screen Rage Is the New Road Rage These days, about the only thing that's more frustrating than being interrupted while we're interacting with our screens is trying to get the attention of someone else who's interacting with theirs.
Uppsite As the mobile revolution continues to expand, smartphones are quickly replacing computers as primary content consumption devices. Yet, if you take a look at the millions of websites across the Web, only a fraction of publishers even bring their content to the mobile device.
Police Tracking Of Cellphones Raises Privacy Fears WASHINGTON -- Law enforcement tracking of cellphones, once the province mainly of federal agents, has become a powerful and
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
Google April Fools' Day 2012 Google has had some April Fool's Day classics over the years. Who can forget the 2007 TiSP, \a self-installed, ad-supported
\Likes\ Are the New Links Links may be the foundation on which the Internet was built, but they are not its future. \Likes\ have become the new links that drive our connections online.
Is That an Apple? If our children can't tell you what a potato or an apple is -- how are they going to determine the future of quantum computing or nanotechnology as it applies to healthcare?
China Clamps Down On Sites For Spreading Rumors The March 15 ouster of Bo Xilai as party chief of the inland city of Chongqing, who was linked to a scandal involving a senior
Google Maps Quest Google has had a long history of April Fool's gags. In 2007, the company announced TiSP, the Toilet Internet Service Provider
iPad Black Market Falls On Tough Times (The story was corrected to remove \dozen or so\ reference from second sentence of paragraph 3 to make it clear there were
Yahoo, Third Point Square Off For Proxy Fight Despite Three New Independent Board Directors \The board believed that there is value in avoiding the cost and distraction that inevitably accompanies a proxy fight, and
How to Control Facebook App Privacy (VIDEO) Facebook is more than a social network. It's also a platform that allows independent developers to create applications, or \apps\ that greatly expand what the service can offer.
'Cash Mobs' Use Social Media To Splurge In Locally Owned Stores CLEVELAND, Ohio (Reuters) - Flash mobs have been blamed as a factor in looting during urban riots. But now a group of online
Instagram Android Signup Page Starts Accepting Registration Requests (PICTURE) The pre-registration page, first pointed out by The Next Web, can be found here. Unfortunately, it doesn't give any hints
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
This Week In Apple Rumors Every week the numerous blogs covering the machinations of the Apple empire float unconfirmed rumors, blatant speculation
Microsoft Allegedly Censors Pirate Bay Links In Windows Live Messenger The Pirate Bay is not only the most visited BitTorrent site on the Internet, but arguably the most censored too. Many ISPs
Fingerprint-Checking Smartphone Patent Filed By Sony Technology to allow smartphones to scan their users' fingerprints through their screens as an identity check has been patented
Facebook Tightens Hold On 'Book' Trademark With Slight User Agreement Tweak Back in August 2010, the social network brought legal action against Teachbook.com for its use of the word \book\ in its
Can You Hear Me Now? The sad account of Tyler Clementi's short time at Rutgers exposes a deficit that feels like a missed opportunity
Memo to Small Business Small businesses have always had a simple but nonetheless nagging problem
Where Pimps Peddle Their Goods I WENT on a walk in Manhattan the other day with a young woman who once had to work these streets, hired out by eight pimps
Privacy Suit Filed Against Path, Twitter, Apple, Facebook, Others Thirteen individuals have filed a lawsuit against more than a dozen mobile app makers--including Path, Twitter, Apple, and
The Computer's Next Conquest What's a 10-letter word for smarty pants? This weekend the world may find out when computer technology again tries to best
Fighting Stereotypes One Day At A Time In a sea full of software engineers, I stick out like a sore thumb. So much, in fact, that I often need to clarify what I'm doing in a crowd of Silicon Valley's tech elites. The biggest red flag? I'm female.
St. Patrick's Day Celebrated With Google Logo History.com writes that March 17 has marked the feast day of Roman Catholic Saint Patrick since at least the ninth century
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
Silicon Valley Takes Big Step Beyond 'Slackatavism' As social media\u00a0comes of age, \u00a0a host of platforms for social engagement and online organizing are making their presence
60 Seconds of Social Media Welcome to first weekly installment of '60 Seconds of Social Media' where we explain the mysteries of the online world, detangle tech jargon, and highlight some intriguing trends.
Well That's That. Gowalla Shuts Down. Three months after the acquisition of Gowalla by Facebook, the company has officially closed it doors. The screenshot below
Gazelles and Entrepreneurs For entrepreneurs, in particular, technology has been a game-changer, dramatically lowering the cost of starting a business -- from establishing a supply chain to advertising to building a customer base.
SXSW Chronicles Empty lots have been transformed into wet party venues and \brand experience\ sites where Festival goers will network and interact with products from companies big and small.
Web Giants Face Battle Over 'Do Not Track', Other Consumer Privacy Legislation Privacy regulations are a harder sell, said privacy expert Amy Mushahwar, an attorney with Reed Smith. \Consumers might not
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
Kentucky Tornado Victims Flock To Facebook For Helping Hand A chain of fast-moving tornadoes spawned by massive thunderstorms cut a swath of destruction from the Midwest to the Gulf
Apple's App Store Hits 25 Billion Downloads The company announced the countdown on February 17, saying that the person who downloaded the 25 billionth app would win
Senator Charles Schumer Asks FTC To Probe Apple, Android He also referred to a discovery last month that applications on devices such as the iPhone and iPad were able to upload entire
Amazon Whale Meat Ban Petition Calls For Retailer To Stop Selling Controversial Cetacean Products Technorati states that Japan is strongly associated with whale meat even though it is not considered a delicacy by most Japanese
Rush Limbaugh Boycott UPDATE 1
FCC Questions BART Cellphone Service Disruption The FCC said it would carefully deliberate before backing any framework for intentional cellphone interruptions. But TechFreedom
FCC Denies Dish Request On Wireless Plans (Reporting By Liana B. Baker, Additional reporting by Sinead Carew in New York and Jasmin Melvin in Washington; Editing by
TED -- An Entreprenuer's Sandbox The extraordinary thing about TED is that while being there is great, you can as an entrepreneur get the burst of energy and ideas without leaving your home or office.
Tajikistan Blocks Facebook (Writing by Robin Paxton; Editing by Ben Harding) The communications service was not available for comment. Government officials
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
The Patent Condundrum -- For Startups Within the startup world, patents are seen as anti-competitive force that stifles innovation. We're in a place where we need to walk a tightrope between the world of predatory patent prosecution and the need to promote one's invention with current patent law.
Face-Recognition Billboard Displays Ads To Women, Not Men, For Plan UK Campaign In London (VIDEO, POLL) Men, on the other hand, are only shown statistics regarding the issue. Naomi Williams, a Plan UK campaign manager, says the
HTC One Smartphones Announced At Mobile World Congress The new phones, unveiled at the Barcelona Mobile World Congress, are crucial for HTC in its battle with Samsung Electronics
Sony Xperia P, Xperia U Announced At Mobile World Congress \That's the way I envision Sony Mobile Communications working as well,\ Hirai said. While both Hirai and Nordberg stressed
Everything I Know About Startups I Learned From My Teenager Most sane people would not choose to start their first company at the same time as having teenagers. But it's turned out to be a blessing in disguise. Running a startup is a heck of a lot like being a teenager.
Flickr Disables Pinterest Pins On All Copyrighted Images As the third most popular source of content on digital pin-board site Pinterest, Flickr and its photographers are subject
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
This Week's Top Tech Quotes It feels like the pace of change in the tech world is only getting faster. In the past two months alone, competition between
What Silicon Valley Executives Keep Getting Wrong About Education Successful Silicon Valley entrepreneurs who clearly understand the importance of understanding the market and testing how effective their products are seem to leave those important instincts at the door when they comment on K-12 education.
With New Funding and Fellows, Code for America Looks to Scale Civic Innovation Across the Country Given the economic pressures and challenges that confront hundreds of millions of Americans, the need for a killer civic \app for that\ may never have been greater.
Comedians On Technology Consumer technology can evoke a mix of love and hatred in its users, making it ripe for comedy. Take smartphones, for example
Samsung Electric LCD Business To Be Spun Off With TVs becoming smart - linked to other devices like tablets and smartphones - an inability to win in the TV market risks
OU Kosher \What's kosher and what isn't during Passover becomes so much more complicated because certain kinds of products that are
The Pirate Bay Could Be Blocked In U.K. The filesharing website The Pirate Bay has come a step closer to being blocked in the UK after the high court ruled that
ABC iPad Factory Tour Stressful and potentially dangerous working conditions inside Foxconn plants were detailed last month in a two-part expose
iPad 3 Release Date And Specs, 'iPad 4G', And An iPad Mini Every week the numerous blogs covering the machinations of the Apple empire float tons of unconfirmed rumors, futuristic
More Iran Internet Disruptions Raise Concerns Over Censorship As Elections Loom Iranians have grappled with increased obstacles to using the Internet since opposition supporters used social networking
Online Privacy Fears Stoked By Google, Twitter, Facebook Data Collection Arms Race Companies generally face legal threats or a user backlash only after violating their own published privacy policies or being
Settlement Reached In iPhone 4 'Antennagate' Suit A settlement has been reached in a class-action lawsuit targeting the antenna performance of Apple's iPhone 4. Read more
Facebook Phone Loses Out To Amazon Phone, Customer Survey Says For Amazon, on the other hand, well, this might be the perfect time to take advantage. According to paidContent, it's likely
Apple Nears 25 Billion Apps Downloaded In celebration of the milestone, Apple will award one person a $10,000 gift card to the App Store. By our count, that will
Motorola Mobility says Apple Files EU Patent Complaint BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Apple has asked EU anti-trust regulators to step in and settle a technology patent dispute between the
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
Pinterest's Sign Up Process Is Down Right Sketchy If you've joined the social photo sharing site, then you've started to receive tons of daily emails saying new people are
Hamza Kashgari Reportedly Sent Back To Saudi Arabia To Face Possible Execution For Tweets The Star newspaper quoted Home Minister Hishammuddin Hussein as saying that Kashgari had been repatriated and that the charges
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
Electronic Security A Worry In An Age Of Digital Espionage When Kenneth G. Lieberthal, a China expert at the Brookings Institution, travels to that country, he follows a routine that
AT&T Upgrade Fee To Double On February 12 Wireless and Mobile News notes the increase comes just days ahead of the February 19th release of the Samsung Galaxy Note
Google Wallet A Security Risk, Say Researchers The alleged vulnerability in the Google Wallet was identified by Joshua Rubin, a senior engineer with zvelo, a closely held
ACTA Protests Local media reported about 600 people protested at the government building in Vilnius. Lithuania Justice Minister Remigijus
Facebook Isn't Addictive -- It Just Makes People Happy So, is this a bad thing? I suppose some people could interpret anything positive that people return to often as addictive, but if \intense engagement and emotional enjoyment\ is a bad thing than we have to worry more than just Facebook.
Facebook Birthday WIth over 800 million members worldwide, it's pretty amazing how Facebook has grown and changed our lives over the years
New Apple Rumors Every week the numerous blogs covering the machinations of the Apple empire float tons of unconfirmed rumors, futuristic
TiVo Shares Get Big Discount As Digital Video Recorder Pioneer Struggles To Fight Competition In January, it pocketed $215 million from AT&T to settle a patent infringement dispute. The settlement could bode well for
Google Hires A Senior Director At Apple For A Top Secret Project Google has pulled off a coup by hiring an Apple senior director of product integrity for a secret project, VentureBeat has
How Does Facebook Make Money? Facebook's IPO filing this week confirmed what we already knew
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
Meet BreathalEyes, An iPhone App That Tells You How Drunk You Are Unconvinced? Check out this primer video made by the folks at Xplor Apps, which explains how one might use BreathalEyes to
Super Bowl 2012 With Super Bowl XLVI coming up on Sunday, February 5, the players of both the New York Giants and the New England Patriots
Data Privacy Day -- Version 2012 As we celebrate Data Privacy Day, we bear witness to a number of new privacy policies which are being presented, dare one say thrust, upon user populations for major online social networks.
Does Self-Control Come in an App? Parents and educators alike are buzzing about this new cure for our distracted, multitasking children. The name of the app? SelfControl.
Curating Facebook Facebook is big, and getting bigger. So don't feel despondent about the fact that you're having trouble managing the stream of data that Facebook is sending at you. It's not you -- it's them.
Google Says 'Search Plus Your World' Going Well, Critics Should Give It Time Two weeks ago, Google launched\u00a0Search Plus Your World. Since then, Google has faced\u00a0strong criticisms that SPYW is making
Good Games -- Is It possible? I don't think people who play Zynga games are bad. Just like I don't think the grandma in Vegas is bad. They're just sad.
Google+ Now Open for Teens With Some Safeguards For the most part, teens' experience on Google+ will be just like adults, but there are some special safeguards for users under 18. Google didn't put any major breaks on teens -- it's giving them freedom, but it did make some default settings for teens more restrictive.
Web Wars These \Web Wars\ threaten to rage on for some considerable time yet -- particularly when Congress tries to reintroduce SOPA by the back door on a Friday evening when no one is looking.
First White House Chief Technology Officer, Aneesh Chopra, Steps Down He was appointed with a fair bit of fanfare as the United States' first Chief Technology Officer back in May of 2009, but
Watch The Top 9 YouTube Videos Of The Week If you're looking to see the most popular YouTube videos of the week, look no further. Once again, we're bringing you the
RIM CEO Thorsten Heins' 'Significant' Plans For BlackBerry Verizon Wireless and AT&T are already promoting LTE devices including smartphones and tablets from RIM's rivals. RIM's first
