It's Too Late To Stop North Korea As A Nuclear State \u2014 But Here's What We Can Do The window to roll back Pyongyang's weapons programs has been closed.
Weekend Roundup Wary German voters and Catalan separatists are foiling the French vision of shared sovereignty.
The Fate Of Europe Rests On The French-German Partnership Macron and Merkel must figure out a common way forward in order to combat the momentum of the far right.
After Merkel's Victory, Macron Sets Sights On A New European Unity France\u2019s transformation under Macron will push the Germans to change as well.
Weekend Roundup We are leaving the postwar era that saw the U.S foster the founding of the U.N. and entering what may be a prewar period of global disorder.
Amal Clooney Thanks to a new international investigation, victims of ISIS now have hope of being heard in court.
Why The China-Hollywood Relationship Is Complicated With China, Hollywood must navigate a constantly changing set of rules.
Why The New Hollywood Will Never Live Up To Old Hollywood The industry has changed since the legendary time of Humphrey Bogart, Spencer Tracy and Lauren Bacall.
Why We Won\u2019t See Trump-Like Nationalism In Indonesia \America First\ is based in exclusivism, but Indonesia\u2019s nationalism has far more pluralistic connotations.
Islamist And Western Populism Have More In Common Than You Think Reactive populism has become a decisive force in both the U.S. and Indonesia.
Weekend Roundup The brutal crackdown on Myanmar\u2019s Muslim minority is a reminder of ethnic violence in Rwanda and Bosnia.
Italy's Antitrust Chief Because of the unlimited amount of information on the internet, there is a less pluralistic exchange of different opinions than in traditional media.
Why We Need A National Hurricane Memorial And Museum Right now, we lack a focused way to remember and learn from our mistakes.
Weekend Roundup The WorldPost talks to a Hollywood producer, discusses China\u2019s nationalistic blockbuster and previews artist Ai Weiwei\u2019s film about the refugee crisis.
8 Films That Stood Out At The Venice Film Festival Here are our favorites of the fest -- some popular, others divisive or overlooked.
Mike Medavoy \The studios are making the same movie over and over again,\ the legendary producer tells The WorldPost. \People will get bored.\
'The Exorcist' Filmmaker Reflects On Filming 'Real' Exorcism In His New Doc William Friedkin says he hopes his new documentary will help the woman whom he filmed receiving an exorcism.
Ai Weiwei The WorldPost sat down with Ai to discuss his new documentary about the refugee crisis.
With Revolutionary Battery Tech, We Can Shift Global Energy To Renewables, Says Bill Joy Inventor and investor Bill Joy describes a breakthrough\ntechnology that can speed the de-carbonization of the planet.
Weekend Roundup The primal drive for recognition in the global pecking order tests reasoned restraint in the North Korean crisis.
Africa Is Inspiring These Chinese Transplants To Reflect On Their Culture From Beijing to Cape Town, four stories of people in search of something different.
What World War I Can Teach Us About How To Manage The North Korea Crisis We should not delude ourselves with the assumption that peace is the natural state of mankind in our age.
Weekend Roundup White supremacy is a lost cause. Former President Bill Clinton advises \u201cmix and move on\u201d as the U.S. becomes a majority-minority country.
What South Africa's Monument Debate Taught Us About Our History, And Ourselves There are parallels between monuments as symbols of white supremacy and racial oppression in South Africa and the U.S.
Why Banning Hate Groups Won't End Them Bans often backfire, further fueling extremism by driving it underground and adding to disaffected youths' sense of unfairness or injustice.
Weekend Roundup If incendiary bluster slides into military conflict, the populations of South Korea and Japan are in harm\u2019s way.
It's Time For Japan To Develop The Capacity To Strike North Korea If Necessary Japan must be ready to defend itself when America\u2019s nuclear deterrence fails.
Trump\u2019s North Korea Bluster Has Shattered U.S. Standing As Global Leader The more stridently Trump says he is going to stop North Korea, the worse it looks when he fails, and the more Beijing stands to gain.
Weekend Roundup Elections in Rwanda and Kenya yield mixed results. In South Africa, cronyism wins the day.
A Roadmap For Managing China\u2019s Rise History judges the success of a country not only on how it exercises power for its own ends but also on how it has promoted the common good.
Weekend Roundup Illiberal rulers from Venezuela to Poland are assaulting constraints on their power. In Italy, anti-elite populists are using the internet to empower citizens and upend representative government.
When The Police Are Criminals, Mexicans Have No One To Turn To \The government doesn't listen. ... You can vanish, and no one cares.\\n\u200b
These Days, All Roads Lead To Beijing The success of the new Silk Roads depends on delivering win-win scenarios.
Chinese President Xi Is About To Solidify His Power Over China Here's how Xi is using the upcoming Party Congress to do so.
Weekend Roundup Beijing is reviving the ancient Silk Road routes and claiming the South China Sea like America once claimed the Caribbean.
Weekend Roundup When U.S. intervention smashes established authority, even more brutal forces fill the vacuum.
The Fall Of Mosul May Not Be The End Of ISIS But The Beginning Of ISIS 2.0 Iraq's abuse of civilians will make it easy for the next version of the extremist group to recruit.
Mosul Must Provide For Its Citizens Or ISIS Will Fill The Void Once Again In order to regain the trust of its citizens, the Iraqi government must urgently rebuild Mosul.
Weekend Roundup It\u2019s now the G-19+1, with Russia in the club and America as the outlier.
Trump Jr. Has Broken The Law. It's Time For Enforcement Action. Here's how he broke the law and what needs to happen next.
Russians Naively Hail Putin-Trump Meeting As A Success. It Wasn\u2019t. This isn\u2019t the end of a new \u201cCold War.\u201d One meeting can\u2019t erase half a year of unpredictability.
Trump's Foreign Policy Is 'Buy American' \u2014 Become An Ally By Becoming A Client The rest, including political initiatives and even military force, seem for Trump to serve only as means to achieve commercial ends.
The Trial Of One Of Africa's Most Corrupt Politicians Shows That Fighting Graft Is Global As the U.S. withdraws from its role leading the fight against corruption, this trial in Paris shows a way forward.
How A Solar Border Could Help Save The Planet If Mexico and the U.S. adopt this plan, we\u2019ll have better bilateral relations, more jobs and cheaper clean energy.
Weekend Roundup Scant attention is given to non-American views when it comes to dealing with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.
Banning Nuclear And Autonomous Weapons [They're not]  an answer to any of the threats that we face right now, be it climate change [or] terrorism. ... it\u2019s only adding more fuel to an already dangerous world.\
Fake News Is Threatening Democracy In Venezuela \When you are at the climax of polarization, the truth is seen as a betrayal.\
Weekend Roundup Hacked elections, fake news, search engine manipulation and criminal cyberattacks are becoming increasingly common.
We Must Ensure Democratic Integrity In The Digital Age Politicians, news outlets and social media companies will have to police themselves \u2015 otherwise, the government will.
Democracy's Retreat Around The World Requires Immediate Action Democracies must prove their viability and desirability to their citizens who are looking for a better path forward.
France\u2019s \u2018Startup President' Is Just What Europe Needs To Reboot Emmanuel Macron breathes fresh air into the stagnating cause of European unity.
How The Gas Industry Can Help Fight Climate Change In Siberia Andrew Hopkins, Australian National University Permafrost is the layer of permanently frozen earth \u2013 over a 1,000 metres
This Former MTV Icon Found Inner Peace Through Islam \[It\u2019s] a religion for all times and all worlds ... I\u2019m living proof,\ says Kristiane Backer.
Weekend Roundup Vocational apprenticeship programs are a key way to adjust to the constant flux of globalization and rapid technological change.
If Trump And Modi Talk Climate This article first appeared as an op-ed in my column in the Indian Express. As is now well known, President Donald Trump
Trump Substitutes Policymaking For Bomb-throwing With His Job Training Plan Trump\u2019s initiative to expand industry-recognized apprenticeships is \u2014 at least in concept \u2014 an incremental but genuine advance.
Trump's Apprenticeship Program Should Help Train Coal Miners For Solar Jobs A relatively minor investment in retraining would allow the majority of coal workers to switch to solar-related positions.
Trump\u2019s Apprenticeship Program Is A Good Thing, But He Should Remember These Cautionary Tales Companies may agree with Trump\u2019s executive order, but if their employees aren't also committed to students, it won't work.
Weekend Roundup Peering into the souls of Muslim converts during Ramadan helps Westerners understand the appeal and positive drive of Islam.
Defeating Terrorism Requires Recognition Of Western Complicity And Responsibility Terrorism will in time consume the world, unless numerous parties admit inconvenient truths.
Weekend Roundup While China barrels ahead building a new Silk Road for the 21st century, abandoned zones in the West reach a dead end.
Tehran Terrorist Attacks Risk Unleashing All-Out War Between Iran And Saudi Arabia And President Trump\u2019s backhanded condolences and hypocrisy aren\u2019t helping.
Terrorists Try To Make Ordinary Life Unlivable Terrorism threatens Western democracy not by how many it kills, but by the possibility it can undermine the trust, security and optimism life depends on.
How Did U.S. Get Stuck With Solving The North Korea Problem? President Trump apparently is certain that Pyongyang\u2019s weapons programs are Washington\u2019s problem. Why?
Weekend Roundup Rejecting the Paris climate accord while diverging from European allies invites the emergence of an alternative global order.
With Trump Going AWOL On Climate, California Governor Seeks China As An Ally Heading to China Friday, Brown told The WorldPost he aims to ramp up cooperation with Beijing on mitigating climate change.
North Korea Tests New Anti-Aircraft System, State News Agency Says KCNA said Kim Jong Un supervised the test.
Observing Ramadan After Manchester This Ramadan, we must try to reach out to our non-Muslim neighbors and assure them that we are united with them in grief.
Weekend Roundup It is a tragic mistake to reverse Obama\u2019s opening to Iran at the very moment it is bearing fruit.
New Details Emerge About Manchester Attacker Officials say he may have been radicalized abroad.
Greenpeace Shines Message For Trump On Vatican Before His Visit With The Pope \Trump cannot stop the clean energy transition and should instead focus on accelerating it,\u201d Greenpeace says.
U.S. Begins 'Extreme Vetting' At Australian Refugee Detention Centers Trump said he would maintain the agreement to take in 1,250 asylum seekers.
Trump Praises Bahrain Days Before Brutal Crackdown Trump's embrace of authoritarian leaders may be giving free rein to government repression.
Queen Elizabeth Expresses Deep Sorrow In Wake Of Ariana Grande Concert Tragedy A suspected suicide bomber killed 22 people at the concert, police say.
First Confirmed Manchester Victim Met Ariana Grande And Was Devoted Fan \So excited to see u,\ Georgina Callander said in a tweet to the singer before the concert.
Manchester Blood Banks Receive 'Overwhelming' Number Of Donors Following Deadly Attack By Tuesday morning, NHS Blood and Transport said they had \all the blood required for hospital patients.\
Philippine President Duterte Declares Martial Law After ISIS-Linked Attack Duterte declared that the southern province of Mindanao is now under martial law.
Britain Increases Threat Level To 'Critical' After Terror Attack In Manchester The bomber was identified as 22-year-old Salman Abedi.
These Are The Lives Cut Tragically Short At The Ariana Grande Concert In Manchester \A true ray of sunshine [who] loved everyone for who they were.\
Defiant, Uplifting Poem At Manchester Vigil Shows City's Enduring Spirit \And these hard times again, in these streets of our city. But we won't take defeat and we don't want your pity.\
5,000 Refugees Pulled From The Mediterranean In Just 2 Days Nearly 47,000 have left Libya for Italy so far this year.
Symantec Says 'Highly Likely' North Korean Hacking Group Behind Ransomware Attack The cyber attack infected more than 300,000 computers worldwide.
Dozens Injured In Bomb Blast At Bangkok Hospital There was no claim of responsibility for the blast at the Phramongkutklao Hospital.
Election Season Offers A Reminder That Kenya Remains Deeply Sexist Beatrice Akala, University of Johannesburg Kenyan folk stories celebrate women as strong, fierce heroines of the distant
Winning Iran's Election Is Just The Beginning Of Rouhani\u2019s Political Struggles Iran's president may have been re-elected, but he\u2019ll need to win the supreme leader\u2019s support and get foreign powers to engage with Tehran to be successful.
Trump \u201cTerrorism has spread across the world. But the path to peace begins right here, on this ancient soil, in this sacred land.\
Netanyahu Orders Cabinet Ministers To Attend Trump's Welcoming Ceremony Israeli media reports the prime minister was angered by news that several of his colleagues were planning to skip the president's arrival.
Erdogan Reasserts Power Over AK Party Weeks After Controversial Referendum Erdogan had to give up the party's leadership when he was elected president nearly 3 years ago. That changed with April\u2019s referendum.
Man Set On Fire During Protest In Venezuela's Capital People who had been participating in demonstrations against the president surrounded the man, doused him in gasoline and set him alight in Plaza Altamira in east Caracas, the witnesses said.
Standing In Solidarity With Bahrain's Blindfolded Political Prisoners Close your eyes and imagine what it\u2019s like to be blindfolded as a prisoner. Do it for just a few minutes. When you\u2019ve finished
With Rouhani, Iran Has Extended Its Hand. Now The World Needs To Unclench Its Fist. The president's re-election presents an opportunity to reduce the diplomacy deficit, particularly with the U.S., Israel and Saudi Arabia.
At Least 3 Climbers Dead, 1 Missing After Tragic Weekend On Mount Everest An American doctor was among those who died.
North Korea Fires Ballistic Missile Into Waters Off East Coast The missile flew about 500 km (310 miles), South Korea\u2019s Office of Joint Chiefs of Staff said.
Inside North Korea's Secret Cyber Warfare Cell \u201cTheir capabilities have improved steadily over time,\ one expert explained.
Trump Slammed Michelle Obama For Not Covering Hair In Saudi Arabia, But... Prominent visitors aren't required to wear a headscarf. Trump didn't care in 2015.
Iranians Demanding Change Deliver Emphatic Victory For Rouhani President Hassan Rouhani pledged on Saturday to open Iran to the world and deliver freedoms its people have yearned for
Under Fire At Home, Trump Wins A Warm Welcome In Saudi Arabia A $110 billion deal in which Saudi Arabia will buy U.S. arms, with options running as high as $350 billion over 10 years, was the central achievement of Trump\u2019s first day in Riyadh.
Iran Counts Votes After Big Turnout In Presidential Election More than 40 million votes were cast in the unexpectedly tight election pitting President Hassan Rouhani against a hardline judge.
Sudan's President, Wanted For War Crimes, Decides To Skip Summit With Trump Trump's Saudi Arabia visit marks his first trip overseas.
Iranians Determine Their Future In Presidential Election Vote Incumbent Hassan Rouhani is up against a hardliner.
Swedish Prosecutors Drop Julian Assange Rape Investigation But he still faces arrest if he leaves the Ecuadorean embassy in London.
Hassan Rouhani's Economic Legacy May Be His Key To Winning A Second Term Mohammad Ali Marizad/Tasnim News Agency/Wikipedia, CC BY-NC \u00a0 \u00a0 Shahram Akbarzadeh, Deakin University Today\u2019s presidential
Trump\u2019s Saudi Trip Should Be About Ending The War In Yemen, Not Securing An Arms Deal Donald Trump should not squander this opportunity to firmly declare his support for Middle East peace processes.
The Road To The Great Regression C\u00e9sar Renduels Menendez de Llano, Universidad Complutense de Madrid and Donatella Della Porta, Institute of Human and Social
Weekend Roundup An urgent realism over the mounting crisis is pushing all parties to the negotiating table.
U.S. Slaps Sanctions On Venezuela's Supreme Court Judges WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration imposed sanctions on the chief judge and seven other members of Venezuela\u2019s
The Young Country At Risk Of Forgetting Its History A country\u2019s national day affords its people a chance to look back at their past, and consider where they might be headed
Theresa May Is Acting Undemocratically Theresa May has taken her electioneering into the 21st Century - just as Corbyn has made sustained efforts to court the young
What's At Stake In China's Plan To Blow Up Islands In The Mekong The Mekong, with its nutrient-rich sediment, is crucial for growing rice. It\u2019s also home to hundreds of species of edible
Vladimir Putin Denies Donald Trump Revealed Classified Information In Russia Meeting Putin offered to hand over a transcript of the meeting to U.S. lawmakers.
Mexico Expects NAFTA Talks By Late August, Economy Minister Says Mexican Economy Minister Guajardo said he expects Trump to tell Congress of plans to renegotiate the agreement.
Meet The Rohingya Doctor Tending to Forgotten Refugees Kabir\u2019s passion for his work is a response to the marginalization of the Rohingya in Myanmar. The Rohingya, a minority Muslim
Embroiled In Controversies, Trump Seeks Boost On Foreign Trip \u201cThis is their time to shine, to show Americans and the world that the White House isn\u2019t becoming a circus of errors.\u201d
10 Reasons Trump Should Not Strengthen U.S.-Saudi Ties Donald Trump has selected Saudi Arabia as the destination for his first trip abroad, strengthening U.S. ties to a regime
Iran's Re-Engagement With The World At Stake In Friday Presidential Vote Hassan Rouhani is trying to fend off the fierce challenge of hardline cleric Ebrahim Raisi.
Researchers Find Evidence Linking Cyber Attack With North Korea \It is similar to North Korea's backdoor malicious codes,\ a senior researcher said.
Hospitals On The Brink As Cholera Kills 184 In Yemen\u2019s Capital In Mere Days The outbreak in Sanaa is the second in less than a year in the war-torn country.
Iran She added \u201cWhy should the Iranian people jump from the frying pan into the fire? The people of Iran reject the turban, whether
Why Multi-hazard Early Warning Makes Sense By Robert Glasser* It is 19 years since the world first met to discuss global early warning for natural hazards in Potsdam
Mexican Journalist Javier Valdez C\u00e1rdenas Assassinated The award-winning reporter covered drugs and crime.
Iraqi Forces Push To Defeat ISIS In Mosul Before Holy Month Of Ramadan The self-proclaimed Islamic State is expected to make a last stand around the Old City\u2019s Grand al-Nuri Mosque.
Conditionality Of U.S. Support President Trump is expected to unveil his strategy on Afghanistan prior to the 25 May NATO Summit in Brussels. Reportedly
The Revolution's Indispensable Man In his final years, Hashemi Rafsanjani served as a vessel for the public\u2019s will, as a well as a catalyst for its transformation.
Every Woman Counts How national budgets can be used more actively as a tool to support gender equality.
Dear Trump The Iran nuclear deal is a model for creatively packaging pressures and inducements.
After Ransomware Attack, Businesses Brace For Monday Morning \The governments of the world should treat this attack as a wake-up call,\ Microsoft's Brad Smith said.
Thousands Protest In Moscow Against Housing Plan Protesters brandished banners that read \my house is my castle\.
Emmanuel Macron Takes Power In France, Vows To Heal Divisions \u201cThe world and Europe need more than ever France, and a strong France, which speaks out loudly for freedom and solidarity,\ the new president said.
Italy Saves 484 Migrants And Refugees In Mediterranean More than 45,000 people have reached Italy by boat from North Africa this year.
Conflict In The Middle East Threatens Pakistan And Lynchpin Of China\u2019s One Belt, One Road By James M. Dorsey Increasingly caught up in the Middle East\u2019s multiple conflicts, Pakistan is struggling to balance relations
President Trump At The American-Arab-Islamic Summit The reception being prepared by Saudi Arabia for President Trump will no doubt stir some envy in Moscow.
Repressive Leaders Line Up For Trump's Red Carpet That White House red carpet is about to take a battering as repressive leaders from all over the world are invited to parade
What The West Needs To Understand About Iran's Upcoming Presidential Election Therefore, the President has an extremely influential role in shaping both domestic and foreign policies in the highly centralized
Happy Mother\u2019s Day, Mom! Are They Bombing Nearby Today? My mother lives in Damascus And I live here in the United States of America. While I try to decide on a cappuccino or a latte
Whatever Happened To Revolutions? For decades many Westerners were confident that revolutions could transform lagging Third World countries into fledgling
Canada Unveils 'Dinosaur Mummy' Found With Skin And Gut Contents Intact \u201cWe don\u2019t just have a skeleton. We have a dinosaur as it would have been.\u201d
At Least Three Dead As Greek Passenger Train Derails Photographs show a carriage on its side near a residential area in northern Greece.
Veterans And Anti-War Activists Make Peace With Vietnam -- And Each Other Five decades after the war, they're coming together in the country that shaped their young lives.
More Problems With The U.S. Commission On International Religious Freedom In the past two decades, the state of international religious freedom has worsened.
Karla Avelar's Life Of Constant Threats Six times in two years. Human rights activist Karla Avelar has been forced to move home six times in the last two years after
North Korea Fires Ballistic Missile, South Korea Military Says The move comes days after a new leader took office in the South pledging to engage in dialogue with Pyongyang.
North Korea Will Have Dialogue With U.S. Under Right Conditions U.S. President Donald Trump has warned that a \u201cmajor, major conflict\u201d with the North is possible.
Cyber Attack That Crippled British Hospitals Among 'The Largest Ever Seen' \u201cThis was not targeted at the NHS, it\u2019s an international attack and a number of countries and organizations have been affected,\u201d Prime Minister Theresa May said.
Gunmen Kill Miriam Rodriguez, Activist Who Searched For Mexico's Disappeared \u201cMexico has become a very dangerous place for those who have the courage to devote their lives to search for missing persons.\u201d
Leonardo DiCaprio Gets Mexican President To Commit To Saving Rare Porpoise Enrique Pe\u00f1a Nieto says his country is making a \major effort\ to save the vaquita.
Central American Refugees Fleeing Violence Are 'Re-Victimized' En Route To U.S. For millions of migrants, \fear and horrific violence... is a reality that does not end with their forced flight to Mexico.\u201d
U.S., China Agree To First Trade Steps Under 100-Day Plan \u201cThis will help us to bring down the deficit for sure.\u201d
Mexico Says Called Trump's Bluff When He Eyed NAFTA Exit \Forget about it!\u201d
Scientists May Be \u2018Vastly\u2019 Underestimating The Extinction Risk Facing Some Species A new Columbia University study is challenging the accuracy of methods used by the IUCN to determine conservation status.
A Message To My Serbian Friends In Response To The Incident In Belgrade You are the real Europeans. It is you who deserve Europe\u2019s aid.
As Trump Withdraws From The World, Non-State Networks Step Up For global problems like climate change, fragile states and refugees, we need new strategies of connection.
Weekend Roundup France is now the iconic test case of whether policies aligned with global integration can answer fears over job loss, security and identity.
GP-Write And The Future Of Biology \This project not only changes the way the world works, but it changes the way we work in the world.\
The Syrian War Is Normalizing The Weaponization Of Health Care At least 168 attacks on medical facilities were carried out in the second half of 2016.
France Votes For Rationality Over Fear France is now in uncharted seas. But at the least, with this resoundingly affirmative vote, it sails with a compass and its wits.
North Korea Crisis Nothing has happened in the past few weeks that ought to have calmed the situation, yet here we are.
Lebanese Media Stressed, Pressured In Migration/Refugee Coverage \u201cMoving Stories,\u201d an earlier report by EJN, on how media cover migration worldwide, is available here. There was no reporting
How Mongolia Is Tackling Domestic Violence After Years Of Neglect One in five women in Mongolia is subject to domestic abuse. Now a new law gives the police more power and responsibility
What's Next For Marine Le Pen And France's Far Right? Le Pen was defeated in a landslide this Sunday, but her nativist party probably isn't going anywhere.
Liberal Moon Jae-in Declares Victory In South Korean Presidential Election He favors dialogue with North Korea to ease rising tension over its nuclear program.
U.S. To Supply Arms To Kurds Fighting ISIS, Official Says Kurdish YPG soldiers are fighting to retake Raqqa.
Germany Detains Second Soldier Suspected Of Planning 'Extremist' Attack Prosecutors believe three suspects wanted to implicate asylum seekers in their planned attack.
Curb Your Enthusiasm It is primarily the economic policies of Europe, including France, over the past decade that have allowed the National Front to grow into a legitimate opposition party.
The Urban Common Spaces That Show Us We Belong To Something Larger We must protect the parks, pathways, and gardens that connect us to each other and to the ecosystems of our home. An American
How To Outsmart The Populists \u2013 Lessons From France A nervous sense of d\u00e9j\u00e0-vu came over me on Sunday as I watched the French presidential election, which pitted the centrist
Rising Iranian-Pakistani Tensions Render Pakistani Policy Unsustainable An Iranian warning that it may attack militant bases in the troubled province of Balochistan threatens to bring Pakistan\u2019s
Greece's Economic Crisis Is Seriously Affecting Our Younger Generations There are so many difficulties that people have to face in Greece that are sometimes surreal.
Here's What Erdo\u011fan's Win Means For Turkey's Foreign Policy Ahmet Erdi \u00d6zt\u00fcrk, Universit\u00e9 de Strasbourg and Salih Dogan, Keele University Victory for the \u201cyes\u201d side in the country\u2019s
France Broke Brexit And Trump's Populist Wave By Voting For The Future Macron's former mentor Jacques Attali says his country just showed us that not all democracies will follow this pattern.
South Korea Votes After Scandal Jails Ex-President The election is being closely watched at a time of high tensions with North Korea.
Palestine Puts FIFA In A Bind The perennial dispute between Israel and Palestine has put world soccer body FIFA in a bind. With FIFA groping on how to
A Victory For Macron And For The European Union \u2013 Now It's Time To Unite A Divided France Richard Maher, European University Institute Emmanuel Macron, the centrist independent running for the French presidency
The Vicious Knot Of Syria, The Untangling Process Contains Solutions in Our Time Syria is the horrendously tragic, but revealing episode in our time. Many opposing factors and forces \u2015 local, regional and
Emmanuel Macron Has A Difficult Task Ahead, Says International Experts In a sense, the Macron\u2019s presidency is a signal of the end of the \u201crepublican monarchy\u201d in France.
Macron's Victory Does Not Mean Liberalism Is Safe The West isn't in the clear --\n elections aren\u2019t everything.
Meningitis Suspected In Unexplained Cluster Of Deaths In Liberia Four of the 13 patients who died have tested positive for Neisseria meningitidis serogroup C.
South Korea's New President Will Face Challenges From All Directions Eunjung Lim, Johns Hopkins University On May 9, South Koreans will vote for their next president. Whoever wins the election
Macron Is Opinion Polls Favorite As France Elects New President Sunday Macron, who wants to deregulate the economy and deepen EU integration, has a 23-26 percentage point lead over Le Pen in the opinion polls.
Macron Leads And Turnout Drops As French Voters Head To The Polls Exit polls in this crucial election will be released at 2pm Eastern.
North Korea Says It Has Detained Another American Citizen The U.S. State Department said it is aware of the latest reported detention.
France's New President Has Tough Road Ahead Despite Landslide Win Emmanuel Macron's victory is a relief for the EU, but not the end of Marine Le Pen and populism.
French Reporters Boycott National Front Rally After Party 'Bans' Some Media Outlets Publications including Charlie Hebdo and BuzzFeed were barred from the party's rally.
Syrian Refugee Family Names Infant Son After Justin Trudeau Say hello to Justin-Trudeau Adam Bilal!
Emmanuel Macron Wins Pivotal French Presidential Election \u201cA new page of our long history is turned,\ Macron said on Sunday.
The Westphalian Model To Resolve Conflicts In The Middle East The prestigious German think-tank Korber-Stiflung has recently raised a question regarding whether the Westphalia model can
Could Blank And Invalid Votes Change The Result Of The French Election? Olivier Ihl, Sciences Po Grenoble The question of every pollster\u2019s mind this Sunday, during France\u2019s presidential election
Now That Macron Has Won, What's Next for France? Macron is the candidate of the pro-market, globalization-happy urban left and center.
Macron Beats Le Pen, But Can He Lead France? He has yet to demonstrate that he can rally a majority of the French behind a coherent set of policies or attract a majority in parliament.
The French People Don't Know The Dangers Of Autocratic Populism Altaf Khan, University of Peshawar Following in the footsteps of the United States, the French are looking to \u201cterrible simplifications
Researchers A leak of emails from the French presidential candidate renewed questions about whether social media companies have done enough.
France Fights To Keep Macron Email Hack From Distorting Election \The commission calls on everyone ... to show responsibility and not to pass on this content.\
Pentagon To Lease Privately Owned Trump Tower Apartment For Nuclear 'Football' Officials declined to reveal the cost of the lease.
Nigerian Official The girls were among more than 200 kidnapped in April 2014.
French Authorities Warn Media, Citizens Not To Share Leaked Data Ahead Of Election Day Front-runner Emmanuel Macron's campaign was targeted in a \massive\ hack just days before the vote.
WHO Says Liberia Taking Precautions After Mystery Deaths \Eight people have died and six are seriously ill and still in the hospital.\u201d
13 Dead From Unexplained Illness In Liberia Health authorities believe it to be an accidental poisoning event, but are cautiously monitoring the situation.
Macron Campaign Says Massive Email Leaks Meant To Undermine It The French presidential frontrunner's campaign team said it had been hit by a massive and coordinated hacking operation.
Graphic Novel Shares Immigrant Women\u2019s Stories Of Violence \u2015 And Hope In Canada, dozens of immigrant women have coauthored a graphic novel about sexual violence. Since their immigration status
Turkey Sacks 107 Judges, Prosecutors Over Links To Failed Coup Detention warrants were issued for those dismissed in the purge.
North Korea Accuses CIA Of 'Bio-Chemical' Plot Against Leadership A \last-ditch effort\u201d by U.S. \u201cimperialists.\u201d
In Somalia, New Law Could Finally Give Rape Survivors A Voice MOGADISHU, SOMALIA \u2013 Knowing what she knows today, Zeynab Bile Abdinoor would have done things differently. She would have
How The Eurozone Damaged French Politics \u2014 And This Year\u2019s Presidential Election As France heads into the second and final round of its presidential election on Sunday, a number of observers have compared
Weekend Roundup Anti-immigrant populists seek to create a familiar space for their own kind in a world of tumult fomented by strangers.
Trump Administration Sends Warm Signals To Qatar American Security Project published this article on May 5, 2017 Last month, US Secretary of Defense James Mattis visited
Australia Is Scrapping A Key Component Of The Merit-Based Immigration System Trump Wanted To Borrow From And it may be indirectly taking a page from Trump\u2019s playbook in the process.
Century-Old Rhino Horn Stolen From University Of Vermont It's likely headed to the international black market.
Germany \u201cOur counterpart is trying to generate information that can be used for disinformation or for influence operations.\u201d
Canada\u2019s Next Big Thing - The City Of Mississauga The 700,000+ population strong city of Mississauga is poised to be the next big Apple of Canada. With the latest developments
A Humanitarian Corridor Provides An Alternative To Bombs And Boats For Refugees In just over a year, some 800 Syrian refugees have been relocated from Lebanon to Italy by the humanitarian corridors program
Puerto Rico Files For Biggest Ever U.S. Local Government Bankruptcy Puerto Rico eclipses Detroit as previous largest U.S. public bankruptcy.
Iran Coal Mine Explosion Kills 35, State Media Reports Dozens were reported injured or trapped after an explosion at a coal mine in northern Iran.
Suicide Bomb Blast Hits NATO Convoy In Kabul, Killing 8 Civilians Three U.S. service members were among the 28 people who were also injured in the attack.
'Blasphemy' And 'Terrorism' Are Catchall Phrases To Repress Dissent Assertions of both have become favorite terms employed by authoritarian and autocratic leaders.
As U.S. And China Find Common Ground On North Korea, Is Russia The Wild Card? Moscow could ease pain if China steps up trade sanctions against Pyongyang
Marine Le Pen Literally Stole Parts Of A Speech From Her Rival Her aides passed it off as an attempt to reach out to Macron supporters.
Merkel Tells Putin \The aim is to reach the point in the implementation of the Minsk accords.\
North Korea Says U.S. Bomber Flights Push Peninsula To Brink Of Nuclear War Washington is engaging in \reckless military provocation.\
Trump\u2019s Despicable Duterte Invitation Recent reporting indicates that President Donald Trump has invited Rodrigo Duterte, president of the Philippines, to the
Canada's Support For U.S. Strikes On Syria Harms International Law Canada should not support vigilante violence against criminal regimes.
French Election Will Be A Choice Between Embracing Migrants' Rights And Closing Borders Anna Triandafyllidou, European University Institute The French presidential election has highlighted once more the country\u2019s
Nations That Threatened The World The weapons of mass destruction (WMD) come in three forms, nuclear weapons, biological weapons including toxins and chemical
Severe Turbulence On Aeroflot Moscow-Bangkok Flight Leaves At Least 27 Hurt The Russian airline said the crew could not warn passengers of the danger because the turbulence occurred in a clear sky.
Pope Francis in Egypt The pope has sent a strong message against Islamophobia and for religious and individual freedoms. When terrorists targeted
Bahrain Takes Severe Hit at UPR in Geneva Bahrain took a rare public reprimand this morning at its United Nations\u2019 Universal Periodic Review. Countries are assessed
Turkey\u2019s Erdogan Becomes Modern Sultan Turkey\u2019s President Recep Tayyip Erdogan secured near dictatorial powers in the recent constitutional referendum. Yet after
Stop Seeing Refugees As A Problem And Start Seeing Their Potential By Robert Hakiza From Syria, to Nigeria to Myanmar, the number of people fleeing war and persecution around the world is
Man In Gorilla Suit Finishes London Marathon After 6-Day Charity Crawl The Metropolitan Police Officer has raised over $42,000 for the Gorilla Organization.
Bill Gates Won't Save You From The Next Ebola The Gates Foundation says responding to deadly outbreaks isn't its forte. But the Ebola crisis showed just how much global public health depends on the foundation.
Famed Swiss Climber Ueli Steck Killed In Fall Near Mount Everest The 40-year-old was preparing to scale the world's highest mountain when he slipped, officials there said.
Trump Administration Defends Inviting President Who Admitted Murdering People To Washington Rodrigo Duterte has presided over thousands of extrajudicial killings -- and done some himself, he's said.
A Chance For A Russian-American Accord To Tackle the Libyan Crisis Many this week will set out to scrutinize the policies implemented by President Donald Trump, one hundred days after he took
Lost Taiwanese Hiker Rescued From Himalayas 3 Days After Girlfriend Died The couple had been missing for weeks after trekking in to the mountains in early March.
EU Says United Ireland Would Be Automatic Full Member Leaders gave their endorsement for Irish membership at an emergency Brexit summit.
Russia Says U.S. Missiles In Poland, Romania Would Violate Treaty \u201cThe undeniable fact is that this is a gross violation of the [Intermediate-Range Nuclear Force Treaty]\u201d signed in 1987, Russia's foreign ministry said.
Military Plane Crashes In Cuba Killing All Eight On Board The plane crashed into a mountain in Cuba\u2019s north-western region of Artemisa.
North Korea Test-Fires Ballistic Missile In Defiance Of World Pressure The test came as Tillerson warned the UN Security Council that North Korea\u2019s missile programs could lead to \catastrophic consequences.\
The Pope In Egypt The pope\u2019s problem in Egypt is maneuvering between problematic partners.
Why I Issued A Dissent To USCIRF's 2017 Annual Report I felt compelled to issue a public dissent to USCIRF's 2017 Annual Report.
Bahrain Tries To Hide Truth From UN Scrutiny On Monday May 1 Bahrain will endure its Universal Periodic Review at the UN Human Rights Council. Every country\u2019s human right
100 Ways In 100 Days Compiling the list was \really easy,\ Amnesty USA's executive director said.
China Deports U.S. Citizen Convicted Of Espionage Sandy Phan-Gillis had been held without trial for two years.
New Leader Of France's National Front Steps Down Amid Reports Of Holocaust Denial This isn\u2019t the first time the far-right party's been linked to  anti-Semitism. But it comes as another major blow for presidential candidate Marine Le Pen.
Brazil Cities Paralyzed By Nationwide Strike Against Austerity This will be Brazil\u2019s first general strike in more than two decades if it gets widespread participation.
Taliban Launch Annual Spring Offensive In Afghanistan The terror group announced plans for conventional, guerrilla and suicide attacks on Afghan and foreign forces.
Pope Francis Arrives In Egypt Seeking Peace And Reconciliation Francis plans to meet with Egypt's top Muslim and Orthodox Christian leaders.
Russia Accuses Macron Campaign Of Discriminating Against Its Media It's \deliberate and bare-faced discrimination.\
Israel Strikes Iran-Supplied Arms Depot Near Damascus Airport \u201cThe incident in Syria corresponds completely with Israel\u2019s policy to act to prevent Iran\u2019s smuggling of advanced weapons via Syria to Hezbollah.\u201d
Two U.S. Service Members Killed In Afghanistan The incident took place in the southern Nangarhar province.
\u2018Spoiling The Belly\u2019 Women are dying from botched backstreet abortions in Liberia, a country where access to terminations is severely restricted
Why Gold Is Slumping After The French Election's First Round Shock For the past several months, gold has been soaring.
Climate Change \You don\u2019t actually have to go a hundred years or a thousand years into the future before things can get quite disrupted relative to today.\
France Links Sarin Gas Used In Syria Attack To Regime The attack killed scores of people and prompted the U.S. to launch a missile strike on a Syrian air base.
U.S. Moves Forward With Anti-Missile Defense System, Sparking Protests In China The earlier-than-expected move has drawn criticism in South Korea and from China.
Russia Says U.S. Missile Strike On Syria Was A Threat To Its Forces \u201cWashington\u2019s action created a threat to the lives of our servicemen who are fighting against terrorism.\
Death Toll In Venezuela's Unrest Rises As Protesters And Security Forces Clash On Bridge Also on Wednesday, Venezuela said it would withdraw from the Organization of American States.
China Needs More Than Exhortation To Break With North Korea This article was originally published by The Diplomat. The media has paid much more attention to what happened (or didn\u2019t
Congress Must Step in to Fix Puerto Rico's Medicaid Crisis As negotiators in Washington try to reach a deal to avoid a government shutdown, the White House and Congressional Democrats
Yemen Summit Hailed As 'Remarkable Success,' But Millions Still Need Life-Saving Aid \Yemen is at serious risk of plunging into famine ... We are in a race against time.\u201d
France's Election Is About So Much More Than Just Populism The established political landscape is under threat across Europe.
Toxic Fumes Sickening Residents Of Iraqi Displacement Camp The largest displacement camp housing Iraqis who fled the battle to recapture Mosul lies next to oil fields scorched by ISIS
North Korea Stages Large-Scale Artillery Drill As U.S. Submarine Docks In South \u201cThere is no limit to the strike power of the People\u2019s Army.\
Abe Cabinet Ministers Under Fire Over Controversial Remarks The Cabinet members are carelessly making verbal gaffes due to stable approval ratings.
Flashback! Questions From The Last Time America Was Supposed To \Take Out\ Assad History is a funny thing, because we forget it so easily and so quickly. That forgetting is usually based on the political
The French Election Marks The End Of France\u2019s Traditional Parties For the first time in more than 60 years, the republic's top presidential candidates don\u2019t belong to either of the major parties.
Russia Risks A New Cold War In The Balkans The front line in Russia\u2019s Cold War lies in the Balkans. Serbia is the epicenter of Russia\u2019s anti-American agenda, which
And The Winner In The French Presidential Election Is...Populism Luc Rouban, Sciences Po \u2013 USPC The first round of the 2017 presidential election highlighted a transformation in the French
Video Shows London Marathoner Helping Fellow Runner Over Finish Line \You've just encompassed everything that's so special about the London Marathon.\
France's Political Parties Are Banding Together To Stop Le Pen \u201cThis result is historic,\u201d the National Front leader declared as votes were tallied.
France Could Elect A President With Seriously Troubling Ideas About Religion Marine Le Pen has championed secularism at the expense of religious minorities.
A Terror Attack Didn't Sway France's Election, But That's No Surprise Last week's deadly attack before the vote didn't shift the polls.
Jordan To Abandon Law Allowing Rapists To Go Free If They Marry Their Victims Other Middle Eastern and African countries still have similar \stone age\ laws.
The Fate Of Europe Will Depend On The Winner Of The French Presidential Election Richard Maher, European University Institute The results of one of the most divisive and unpredictable presidential contests
Turkish Referendum Postmortem This is the full-length original text of the interview I gave to Brazilian newspaper O Estado de S\u00e3o Paulo. The Portuguese
Demise Of The Secular Turkish Republic Turkey has given its\u00a0verdict in the referendum\u00a0paving the way for a powerful Tayyip Erdogan presidency. Although the margin
Trump And China Risk Sparking Dangerous Middle East Arms Race The two world powers risk further destabilizing the region.
Mexico's Military Is A Lethal Killing Force \u2013 Should It Really Be Deployed As Police? Mexico has too many dead. For survivors to live in peace, they will require more from their government than d\u00e9j\u00e0 vu.
Remembering The Armenian Genocide The denial of the Armenian genocide matters. It matters that we do not formally recognize it.
France Must Not Underestimate Le Pen In The Final Race Voters from the left and the right who didn\u2019t vote for either front-runner could turn to Le Pen.
France Votes In First Round Of Presidential Election The outcome will show whether the populist tide that saw Britain vote to leave the EU and Donald Trump\u2019s election in the United States is still rising, or starting to ebb.
Lebanese Activists Protest 'Stone Age' Rape Law With Haunting Public Art Piece The longstanding law lets rapists go free if they marry their victim.
Emmanuel Macron And Marine Le Pen Win First Round Of France\u2019s Presidential Election The high-stakes vote could predict where the rest of Europe is headed.
The First Round In The French Presidential Elections Marked A Political Earthquake Sunday\u2019s results are a landmark moment in France\u2019s recent political history.
12-Year-Old Drives 800 Miles Across Australia Before Police Stop Him He intended to travel across the entire country, authorities said.
Hundreds Of Iraqis Flee Heavy Fighting In Mosul Families paid no heed to the sound of heavy mortar, artillery and machine gun fire raging in the background as the battle for Mosul raged on.
France To Begin First Round Of Cliffhanger Presidential Election Polling begins on Sunday for the first round of a bitterly fought presidential election.
North Korea Detains U.S. Citizen The isolated country was already holding two Americans.
Erdogan Can Celebrate The Turkish Referendum\u2014For Now Originally posted in The Progressive, April 20, 2017 Declaring victory in the recent plebiscite granting him extraordinary
The Challenge Of Countering Islamist Terrorism In Mainland Europe The emergence of widespread Islamist terrorism in key European countries over the last few years has revealed some significant
Trump\u2019s \u2018Axis of Adults\u2019 Sends Powerful Messages To Iran How will these generals influence the administration.
Trump's Family Planning Cuts Would Cause Global Side Effects The president's proposed spending slash could spark a rise in global health crises
Kenyans Decide 2017 Kenya\u2019s General Elections are less than three months away on August 8, 2017 and while the presidency is the main prize, competition
North Korea, With Characteristic Bluster, Threatens To Sink U.S. Aircraft Carrier The commentary was carried on page three of the newspaper, after a two-page feature about leader Kim Jong Un inspecting a pig farm.
Activist Kuki Gallmann Shot At Her Kenyan Ranch She is recovering from the attack after surgery in Nairobi, friends and family say.
Russian Cyberspies Hacked Us For Two Years Danish Defense Minister Claus Hjort Frederiksen said it's a \constant battle\ to keep hackers away.
Overseas Voters Kick Off Crucial French Presidential Election Overseas voting began a day before the main first-round of a poll that could change the global political landscape.
Taliban Attackers Kill At Least 140 Soldiers At Afghan Base They used rocket-propelled grenades and rifles, and several detonated suicide vests packed with explosive.
Mike Pence \u201cWe are encouraged by the steps that China has taken so far.\u201d
Pence Says United States Will Honor Refugee Deal With Australia \u201cWe will honor this agreement out of respect to this enormously important alliance.\u201d
Why Is There So Little Protest Against Recent Threats Of Nuclear War? Our tempered response to this looming catastrophe is deeply unsettling.
Gunman Attacks Regional Russian Security Service Office, Kills Two \u201cAn unknown person entered the reception of the FSB\u2019s Khabarovsk regional branch and started shooting.\
Trump Intervention Helps Free American Aid Worker Detained For 3 Years In Egypt Trump had privately asked Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi to help out in the case when Sisi visited the White House on April 3.
French Authorities Hunt For Second Suspect In Paris Police Ambush Attack The unidentified man was discovered by Belgian security officials.
South Korea On Heightened Alert As North Readies For Army Celebration \u201cWe are closely watching the situation and will not be letting our guards down.\u201d
More Than 1.5 Million Children Are At Risk Of 'Horrific Abuse' In Central Congo The United Nations says hundreds of thousands of boys and girls have been forced to flee their homes in the greater Kasa\u00ef region.
News Roundup for April 21, 2017 Friday news is the best news. 1. Canada ruled to uphold net neutrality. This is very good news and will protect the internet
Weekend Roundup As with Brexit and Trump\u2019s election, the referendum in Turkey exposed a polarized nation but resolved nothing.
Girls\u2019 Education In Afghanistan DEH\u2019SUBZ, AFGHANISTAN\u2014Hafizullah, 63, was never a wealthy man, but his income harvesting grapes and selling raisins in Afghanistan\u2019s
Was The Turkish Referendum Rigged? Turks went to the polls on Sunday to make a critical choice on a referendum to change the country\u2019s constitution. The ballots
Cutting Through the Haze - A Frank Talk about Cannabis in Canada It was the kind of conversation that would have been unimaginable only five years ago. On the 16th floor of a gleaming office
North Korea Warns Of 'Super-Mighty Preemptive Strike' As U.S. Weighs Next Move The reclusive country regularly threatens to destroy Japan, South Korea and the U.S., and has shown no let-up in its belligerence after a failed missile test on Sunday
Will Terrorism Rule The Last Stretch Of The French Election? While the topic had been almost absent during the campaign, a failed plot in Marseille has once again put it at the center of debate.
Shooting In Paris Kills Police Officer On Champs Elys\u00e9es The gunman was identified as an ISIS follower with a criminal record.
FIFA Congress By James M. Dorsey Next month\u2019s annual congress of world soccer body FIFA is likely to become the first international forum
The Kremlin Has Its Watchful Eyes Set On The French Elections The Kremlin has obviously decided to support the candidates from both the right and far-right \u2013 Fran\u00e7ois Fillon and Marine Le Pen.
25 Reasons Erdogan's 'Victory' Was Illegitimate Many Turks who fled the country out of fear were unable to vote.
We Must Increase Food Aid During Time Of Famine The United States and Russia must use their influence in Syria\u2019s civil war to end humanitarian blockades. That is a crucial
Putin-Linked Think Tank Drew Up Plan To Swing 2016 U.S. Election To Trump The Moscow-based Russian Institute for Strategic Studies is run by retired senior Russian foreign intelligence officials appointed by Putin\u2019s office.
Wild French Election Puts Far-Right's Marine Le Pen On Shaky Ground As her support erodes, the National Front candidate is making a sharp turn to the right.
Putin-Linked Think Tank Drew Up Plan To Sway 2016 U.S. Election Two confidential documents reveal the framework for undermining voters\u2019 faith in the American electoral system.
Mass Protests Against Venezuela's Maduro Leave 2 Students Dead Hundreds of thousands of opposition supporters joined what they called \u201cthe mother of all marches\u201d to denounce the president for eroding democracy and plunging the oil-rich economy into chaos.
Asylum Applications In Mexico Surged After Trump Won The Election Between November 2016 and March, Mexico\u2019s refugee agency, COMAR, received 5,421 asylum applications, up from 2,148 over the same period in 2015 and 2016.
North Korea Celebrates Founder's Birthday With Mock Missile Attack On United States Footage also shows a tattered U.S. flag in flames.
Six Ways To Support Opposition in Turkey As a social justice activist from Turkey, I have carefully tried to avoid the international commentary surrounding Turkey\u2019s
As The U.S. Stops Funding Reproductive Health Services, China Should Step In Tamara Nair, Nanyang Technological University On April 4 2017, US President Donald Trump decided to not fund the United Nations
Afghanistan\u2019s Entrenched Systemic Torture Must Be Stopped Afghanistan faces its first review in 20 years under the UN Convention Against Torture at a session in Geneva next week.
Mattis Says North Korea Missile Test Meant To 'Provoke' \u201cIt shows why we are working so closely right now with the Chinese.\
Why British Prime Minister Theresa May Has Called For A Snap Election \We need a general election and we need one now.\u201d
Pence Reassures Japan On North Korea, Promises To Work With China \The era of strategic patience is over.\
Theresa May Calls For Snap Election Amid Brexit Negotiations She's aiming for a June 8th election.
These Muslim Dolls Sing In Arabic And Have Major Hijab Style \We believe there should be cultural dolls and cultural wear available for dolls.\
In The Crosshairs, Syria\u2019s Doctors Are Still Saving Lives\u2014And Bearing Witness At a hospital in the Syrian town of Khan Sheikhoun, Dr. Zakariya had just started an early morning shift when dozens of patients
Indian Social Media Rages Against Snapchat After Lawsuit Claims CEO Called Country 'Poor' \I love my country more than this app.\
Monitors Criticize Turkey Referendum, Erdogan Denounces 'Crusader Mentality' Erdogan won a referendum to grant him sweeping new powers with a narrow victory.
Trump Congratulates Turkish President On Referendum That Vastly Expands His Power The changes could keep Recep Tayyip Erdogan in office until 2029.
How Armenia Is Trying To Stop Sex-Selective Abortions A strong preference for raising boys has led some parents to abort female fetuses.
South Korean Prosecutors Charge Ousted Leader Park Geun-hye, Lotte Group Chairman With Bribery She was also charged with abuse of power and coercion.
No Plans For Early Elections After Turkey Referendum, Deputy Prime Minister Says There has been some speculation that Erdogan could call a new election so that his new powers could take effect right away.
Opposition Calls For Turkish Vote Annulment After Erdogan Wins Powers Critics accuse Erdogan of steering Turkey towards one-man rule and exacerbating divisions that could increase instability.
Hundreds Of Palestinians In Israeli Jails Begin Hunger Strike Palestinians termed the open-ended strike a protest against poor conditions and an Israeli policy of detention without trial.
Turkey's Constitutional Referendum Simon P. Watmough, European University Institute; Ahmet Erdi \u00d6zt\u00fcrk, Universit\u00e9 de Strasbourg; David Tittensor, Deakin University
Interview With Belarus's First President Stanislav Shushkevich On Lukashenka's Rise And Belarus's Political Future Over the past several months, Belarus has returned to the international spotlight, due to the outbreak of mass protests over
India's Narendra Modi Should Use Big Political Victory to Advance Economic Reform Despite imposing a disastrous \u201ccurrency reform\u201d that impoverished poorer people and small businesses across his nation, Indian
Erdogan's Referendum Was Neither Free Nor Fair There was no open debate. It was a rubber stamp on one-man rule.
The Evolution Of France's Left And Right Politics From the 1789 French Revolution to this year's election
Erdogan Wins Narrow Referendum Victory, Laying Bare Turkey's Divisions The referendum will bring the biggest overhaul in Turkish politics since the founding of the modern republic, abolishing the post of prime minister and concentrating power in the hands of the president.
Cairo Court Acquits Egyptian-American Aid Worker After 33 Months In Custody With tears of joy streaming down her cheeks, Aya Hijazi vowed to resume her charity work.
Pope Denounces 'Vile' Syria Attack In His Easter Message Syria's people are \u201cso greatly suffering from a war that continues to sow horror and death,\u201d Pope Francis said.
Turkish-Kurdish Split Stirs Chaos In Islamist Human Rights Group In a country where political identities define major contours of social life, the fragmented world of civil rights movements
Iran Once more, former President Ahmadinejad has grabbed headlines. His chances in the upcoming presidential election are close
Erdogan's Pyrrhic Victory Erdogan is going to face a challenge he did not expect \u2015 how to deal with his win.
Erdogan Could Be Turkey's Legal Dictator Until 2029 It will be like having North Korea in the Middle East, right next to Europe.
Attack On Syrian Bus Convoy Killed At Least 68 Children, Monitor Says The deadly blast ripped through a convoy taking people out of besieged towns.
Why You Should Pay Attention To Jean-Luc M\u00e9lenchon And The French Election The leftist candidate's meteoric rise makes it impossible to predict what will happen on Election Day.
Bombing Of Syrian Bus Convoy Kills Scores Outside Aleppo The vehicles were waiting to cross from rebel-held territory into the government-controlled city.
Former Afghan President Hamid Karzai Accuses Successor Of 'Treason' By Allowing U.S. To Drop Massive Bomb \u201cHow could you permit Americans to bomb your country with a device equal to an atom bomb?\u201d Karzai said at a public event in Kabul, questioning President Ashraf Ghani's decision.
Some Terrible Things Happened During One Of The Holiest Weeks Of The Year It isn't easy being a person of faith in the world today.
North Korea Attempts But Fails To Launch Missile The attempt comes a day after the North held a military parade to mark the birth of the state founder.
The Arab World\u2019s Christians This year there will no Easter celebrations for Coptic Christians in Upper Egypt. Out of concern for their security and out
Turkish Referendum It is essential we acknowledge that Turkey, as we know of, has already been lost with Erdogan and has become a threat to the region\u2019s and world\u2019s security.
North Korea Displays What Appear To Be New Missiles During Giant Military Parade Goose-stepping soldiers and marching bands filled the square.
North Korea Warns Against U.S. 'Military Hysteria' As It Marks Founder's Birth The North\u2019s warning came as leader Kim Jong Un, looking relaxed in a dark suit and laughing with aides, oversaw a military parade at Pyongyang\u2019s main Kim Il Sung square, named after his grandfather, on his birth anniversary.
South Korea President Donald Trump has vocally condemned the country's nuclear program.
Smoking Will Kill 200 Million In China This Century, Report Says The country is the world's largest producer and consumer of tobacco.
Emma Morano, Last Known Person Born During The 1800s, Dies She attributed her long life to staying single.
Mike Pence Heads To Seoul As North Korea Tensions Flare Pence\u2019s Seoul stop kicks off a long-planned 10-day trip to Asia and comes amid concerns that Pyongyang could soon conduct its sixth nuclear test.
Watch Pentagon Video Of The Moment The 'Mother Of All Bombs' Exploded Up to 36 suspected members of the Islamic State were killed in the attack.
36 ISIS Militants Reportedly Killed By U.S. 'Mother Of All Bombs' Attack In Afghanistan The massive blast targeted a network of caves and tunnels.
Will Turkey's Referendum Mark The End Of Democracy And The Birth Of 'Erdo\u011fanistan'? Simon P. Watmough, European University Institute and Ahmet Erdi \u00d6zt\u00fcrk, Universit\u00e9 de Strasbourg Turkey is approaching a
Erdogan Has Command Responsibility For Aiding Terrorism The Turkish president deliberately turned a blind eye to the Islamic State\u2019s use of his nation as a staging ground.
Syria Will Not Survive Conflict Between Russia And The United States A seeming proxy war between the two countries would leave Syria in shambles.
Turkey\u2019s Referendum Turks will vote on Sunday in a referendum to amend the constitution, and establish an executive presidency, eliminating checks
Erdogan Claims Victory In Referendum That Will Change Turkey Forever The referendum gives its increasingly authoritarian president sweeping new power.
Up To 50,000 Cases Of Cholera Expected In Somalia By This Summer Cholera is an acute diarrheal disease that can kill within hours if left untreated. Malnourished children are especially vulnerable.
China Warns Against Force As North Korea Prepares Celebration \u201cMilitary force cannot resolve the issue.\u201d
Cholera Stalks \u2018Refugee Islands\u2019 In Swamplands of South Sudan People are sheltering from conflict wherever they can, including a network of islands in the swamps.
U.S.-Led Coalition Mistakenly Kills 18 Militia Allies In Syria, Says Pentagon WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S.-led air strike mistakenly killed 18 members of a Kurdish and Arab militia backed by Washington
Colombians Are Fed Up With Corruption, And Everyone Seems To Be Under Investigation Fabio Andres Diaz, International Institute of Social Studies Civil unrest seems to be the order of the day \u2013 and the coming
Stockholm Terrorist Attack It\u2019s is now almost a week since the horrible terrorist attack in Stockholm. A man has been arrested and held on terrorism
Addis Ababa Landfill Tragedy Is Just The Tip Of The Iceberg Ending one\u2019s life buried under tonnes of rubbish in a dumpsite is just one of the deadly risks faced by waste pickers, those
Trump\u2019s Syria Strike Puts America At The Precipice Of Another Middle East War And the consequences could unleash something worse than what followed the invasion of Iraq.
Putin \u201cOne could say that the level of trust on a working level, especially on the military level, has not improved, but rather has deteriorated.\u201d
Germany Detains Suspect In Attack On Top Soccer Team Defender Marc Bartra was injured in Tuesday's attack on the Borussia Dortmund team.
Lithuania To Push Military Spending Above NATO Target \u201cWe are a NATO member but we are also responsible for our security ourselves.\u201d
Germany Tells Sean Spicer That Hitler Comparisons Are Never A Good Idea The press secretary has apologized numerous times for his remarks.
The Aftermath Of An Alleged Chemical Weapon Attack In Idlib Dr. Abdel Hay Tennari said his patients\u2019 symptoms were consistent with Sarin gas and the field hospital where he works has run out of the antidote.
Russia Vetoes UN Resolution On Syria Attack China abstained.
Ex-Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad Plans To Run Again He's back!
United Airlines Incident Is An Act Of Police Brutality Why this happening must be classified among the other officer-involved incidents of late.
Tillerson Doubles Down On Opposition To Assad Regime \It is clear to us the reign of the Assad family is coming to an end.\
North Korea State Media Warns Of Nuclear Strike If Provoked As U.S. Warships Approach \u201cOur revolutionary strong army is keenly watching every move by enemy elements.\
Syrian Army Reportedly Drops Barrel Bombs Hours After U.S. Warned It Not To The military denied that it used such weapons.
Suspect In Stockholm Truck Attack Confesses To Terrorist Crime, Lawyer Says Rakhmat Akilov is accused of hijacking a beer truck that mowed down pedestrians on Friday before crashing into a department store.
After United Controversy, Chinese Social Media Users Express Outrage \u201cMany Chinese people have felt that they\u2019ve been discriminated against but didn\u2019t have the courage to speak out.\
Top German Soccer Team Hit In Explosions At least one person was injured in the incident, which took place near Borussia Dortmund's tour bus.
Assad Is A Monster But If Trump Overthrows Him, Syria Will Likely Be Run By Terrorists If the U.S. topples Assad, it\u2019ll create a power vacuum for warring extremists.
Assad Allies Say U.S. Attack On Syria Air Base Crosses 'Red Lines' Meanwhile Secretary of State Rex Tillerson blamed Russian inaction for fueling Assad's chemical weapons attack.
Marine Le Pen Denies France's Role In Major Holocaust Raid France should not be blamed, the far-right candidate said Sunday.
Pope Francis Will Visit Egypt As Planned Despite Bombings Of Christian Churches Palm Sunday attacks on two Coptic Christian churches \cannot stop the pope's mission of peace.\
Bloodshed In Egypt Two Coptic Churches were attacked today. When will we admit that the global \u201cwar on terror\u201d has failed?
Growing Intolerance Is Threatening Free Inquiry And Open Debate In India's Universities Aftab Alam, Aligarh Muslim University Higher education in India is going through a critical phase. The country has witnessed
Julian Assange Is A Political Prisoner Who Has Exposed Government Crimes And Atrocities Julian Assange is a political prisoner. He has never been charged with a crime. Everyone who recognizes his name should know
Allies Of Syria's Assad Say U.S. Attack Crosses 'Red Lines' AMMAN (Reuters) - A joint command center made up of the forces of Russia, Iran and militias supporting Syrian President Bashar
Swedes Respond To Deadly Attack With Messages Of Love And Tons Of Flowers \This shows that there is a strength in Sweden that nobody can take away from us,\u201d Prime Minister Stefan Lofven said.
U.S. Sends Navy Strike Group Toward Korean Peninsula, Says Official \u201cWe feel the increased presence is necessary,\u201d the official said, citing North Korea\u2019s worrisome behavior.
Police Say Uzbek Suspect In Swedish Truck Attack Had Expressed Sympathy For Islamic State The suspect applied for permanent residence in Sweden in 2014. However, his bid was rejected and he was wanted for disregarding a deportation order, the chief of national police operations said.
Pope Francis Decries War, Terrorism And Weapons On Palm Sunday VATICAN CITY, April 9 (Reuters) - Pope Francis condemned a deadly blast at a church in Egypt and said at a Palm Sunday Mass
Haley Says Removing Assad Is A Top U.S. Priority \u201cWe don\u2019t see a peaceful Syria with Assad in there.\
10 Days Of Unrest In Venezuela Come To A Head In Massive Protest Thousands of people took to the streets to demand the departure of the country\u2019s unpopular president.
Budapest Protesters Fight Government Shutdown Of Soros-Founded University Critics say Hungarian legislation appears aimed at dismantling foreign-based schools like Central European University.
The Forgotten People Of The Forever War KABUL, Afghanistan \u2013 American pundits moan about the longest war in U.S. history \u2013 as the Afghanistan conflict rumbles into
President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi Declares New State Of Emergency In Egypt ISIS has already claimed responsibility for the attacks that left at least 43 people dead and over 100 injured.
Bomb Attacks On Two Coptic Churches In Egypt Kill At Least 44, Injure More Than 100 Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attacks, which also injured more than 100 people and occurred a week before Coptic Easter, with Pope Francis scheduled to visit Egypt later this month.
North Korea Calls U.S. Strikes On Syria 'Unforgivable' Pyongyang also said the strikes showed its decision to develop nuclear weapons was \u201cthe right choice a million times over.\u201d
Syrian Governor Confirms Air Base Operating Again \u201cThe airport is operating as a first phase,\u201d Homs governor Talal Barazi told Reuters. \u201cPlanes have taken off from it,\u201d he added, without saying when.
Report The air strike is believed to have been carried out by the U.S.-led coalition against ISIS.
U.S. Soldier Killed In Afghanistan Amid Operations Against ISIS \u201cThe soldier was mortally wounded late Saturday during an operation in Nangarhar Province\u201d in eastern Afghanistan, U.S. Navy Captain Bill Salvin said in a message on Twitter.
Tillerson Spoke And Russian Foreign Minister Discussed Syria By Phone Tillerson is expected in Moscow for talks with Russian officials next week.
Chinese State Media Cheer Xi-Trump Meeting, Say Confrontation Not Inevitable Trump had campaigned with anti-China rhetoric and angered Beijing before taking office.
Australia Floats Plan To Keep Corals Cool In A Warming World A $9 million pilot project aims to protect key areas of the Great Barrier Reef from bleaching.
Eiffel Tower Goes Dark To Mourn Victims Of Stockholm Attack \u201cHorror struck Sweden at its heart today,\ Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo says.
Uzbek Man Main Suspect In Swedish Truck Attack That Killed Four The 39-year-old man was previously known to Swedish intelligence services as a marginal figure with no clear links to extremist groups.
The Stockholm Attack Proved The Swedish People's Resilience I am proud of the people in Stockholm, my city.
Ending Wildlife Trafficking Will Help The Fight Against Terrorism By Emma O\u2019Malley Illegal wildlife trafficking is one of the lowest profile illegal activities, but is in fact the fourth
Why Trump's Syria Strike Will Not End Well The only way to end Syria\u2019s brutal bombing of civilians is through diplomacy, which will now be even harder.
Russia Is Emboldening A Libyan Strongman Who Could Dictate The Future Of The Country Khalifa Haftar could be the next Assad if the U.S. and EU don't act fast.
At Least 15 Percent Of The World\u2019s Tree Species Are Under Threat Of Extinction More than 60,000 species are currently living. Many of them are in trouble, according to the world's first global trees database.
In Divided Syria, U.S. Strike Both Welcomed And Condemned Syrians in rebel-held areas cautiously welcomed the U.S. strike but Damascus residents decried it as Western aggression.
Former Boko Haram Captives Face Stigma, Often From Other Survivors As part of News Deeply\u2019s\u00a0\u201cWomen and Jihad\u201d series, we look at how escape from Boko Haram doesn\u2019t always mean the end of the
U.S. Strikes In Syria Draw Mixed Reactions In The Middle East Syrians themselves have especially complicated feelings about it.
Vehicle Drives Into Crowd In Sweden's Stockholm, Four Dead A witness saw a number of body-like forms covered by blankets at the scene of the incident.
Warplane Reportedly Bombs Site Of Deadly Gas Attack Following U.S. Incursion In Syria The jet struck at around 11 a.m. local time, causing damage but no known casualties.
American Allies Express Support Over U.S. Intervention In Syria President Donald Trump has called on \all civilized nations\ to join him.
Tourist Injured In Westminster Attack Dies, Bringing Toll To 6 Andreea Cristea was a Romanian national who had been visiting London at the time of the attack.
What An April Fools\u2019 Day Prank Says About The Love And Hate Between China, India And Pakistan Even an April Fools\u2019 Day prank can have a chilling back story.
Erdogan\u2019s Referendum Tightrope Between Kurds And Turkish Nationalists With the recent approval of the constitutional reform package by the President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey is now headed
An Interview With Former President Of The EU Parliament Nicole Fontaine A charming woman with a fiery spirit, Fontaine pulls no punches when speaking about the shortcomings of the European Union.
Turkish Ministry Says Tests On Syria Attack Victims Point To Possible Sarin Exposure \Evidence was detected in patients which leads one to think they were exposed to a chemical substance.\
Russia Bans 'Extremist' Image Of Putin In Makeup The government says the picture suggests the Russian president is gay.
South Africa Lifts Ban On Rhino Horn Sales Conservationists worry that decision could lead to more poaching.
Trump Says 'Something Should Happen' As U.S. Considers Military Response In Syria The White House is now embroiled in a debate over how to respond to this week's toxic gas attack.
Russia Calls Syria Gas Attack A 'Monstrous Crime,' But Refuses To Trust U.S. Conclusions \u201cAny data which the U.S. side or our colleagues from other countries might have had access to could not have been based on objective facts.\
Syrian Father Lays His Twin Babies To Rest After Chemical Weapons Attack \u201cI couldn\u2019t save anyone,\ cried the man who lost 22 family members in Tuesday's massacre. \They\u2019re all dead now.\u201d
Starting From Girls, Making Women\u2019s Lives Count Statement by Phumzile Mlambo-Ngcuka, UN Under-Secretary-General and Executive Director, UN Women ahead of the Women\u2019s G7
Nikki Haley Asks Russia 'How Many More Children Have To Die' After Syria Gas Attack Haley sharply criticized Russia for its complicity in Assad's attacks, but it's unclear what the U.S. will do next.
Desperate Red Sea Journeys Following the attack that killed 42 Somali refugees off the coast of Yemen, we report from Djibouti on the desperate choices
ISIS Militants, Disguised As Police, Kill Dozens In Tikrit At least 14 victims were actual police officers.
Islamic State Used Mosul Museum As Tax Department A 2015 video showed militants wielding sledgehammers to smash \idolatrous\ statues.
Russia Blames Syrian Rebels For Deadly Gas Attack, Denies Assad To Blame The United States says the administration of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad is responsible for the attack.
Saudi-Iranian Rivalry Fuels Potential Nuclear Race Saudi Arabia is developing nuclear energy and potentially a nuclear weapons capability. The Saudi focus on nuclear serves
Despite Efforts, Clean Water Is Scarce In India's Industrial Gujarat State In Kutch, a dry region within Gujarat, fresh water is scarce and endangered by industrial pollution. Nevil Zaveri/Flickr
Chemical Ali, Chemical Bashar -- It Has to Stop Chemistry should be a useful science in the service of human progress, for example using it for agricultural development
How The Trump Budget Undercuts Security Risks Posed By Pandemics It\u2019s time to get the most bang for the buck we still have left \u2013 and to protect our national security on all fronts.
War Has Been Costly For The Arab Region And Africa, But Peace Is Priceless A country which long ago became a hell for civilians can sink further still.
North Korea Fires Ballistic Missile Ahead Of Trump's Meeting With Chinese President Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said the U.S. \has spoken enough about North Korea.\
Spanish Prosecutor Appeals Decision To Allow Trial Of Syrian Officials Four days after Spain\u2019s national court became the first foreign court to admit a criminal case against Syrian officials, a
ISIS Says U.S. 'Being Run By An Idiot' It's the first official remarks by the group referring to President Donald Trump since he took office.
Syrian Aid Group Says 100 People Killed, 400 Injured In Chemical Attacks The death toll is likely to rise.
As Trump Dismantles Obama's Climate Legacy, Report Urges Action To Save The Arctic Oil drilling and shipping could \inflict further stress on Arctic marine ecosystems already straining\ from climate change, the report warns.
Officials Identify St. Petersburg Bomber As Kyrgyz-Born Russian Citizen The blast on board a metro train in St. Petersburg killed 14 people and wounded at least 50.
Scores Dead In Suspected Gas Attack On Rebel-Held Area Of Syria The attack caused many people to choke or faint, and some had foam coming out of their mouths.
Almost Every Hospital In Opposition-Held Syria Was Attacked Last Year A new survey shows that the average facility was targeted three times.
Explosion In St. Petersburg Metro System Kills At Least 11 People At least 45 others were injured in the blast.
Deadly Explosion Hits St. Petersburg Metro, Russian Media Reports Russian state media report that at least ten people may have been killed.
Trump's Son-In-Law Jared Kushner Visits Iraq With Joint Chiefs Chairman The White House senior advisor reportedly wanted to show support for the Iraqi government.
Desperate Search Launched For 22 Seamen On Capsized Freighter Only two crew members rescued from massive cargo ship that sank like a stone.
Unanswered Questions About Russia Erode Faith In Democracy During an April 2 interview on ABC\u2019s \u201cThis Week,\u201d Arizona Senator John McCain blasted House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes
Donald Trump Is Second-Guessing The United States' China Policy -- America's China Experts Are Too The president\u2019s foreign policy views are outside the beltway mainstream but his belief that the United States\u2019 China policy
A Self-Inflicted Wound In Hungary In a globalized era, is self-determination necessarily self-destructive? Since 2010, the Hungarian government has seemed
4 Day-Old Baby Girl Among 480 Migrants And Refugees Rescued In Mediterranean The baby was traveling on one of two rubber boats carrying over 200 migrants and refugees.
Russia Detains Anti-Corruption Protesters In Moscow The turnout at the demonstrtion was far smaller than at last week's wave of protests.
Twenty Tortured And Killed At Pakistani Sufi Shrine, Police Say \u201cThere are bruises and wounds inflicted by a club and dagger on the bodies of victims,\u201d a doctor told reporters.
Falkland Island War Veterans Continue The Fight In Buenos Aires Today, they are tired old men. Ignored and forgotten by another Argentine government.
Photos Show Aftermath Of Colombia's Deadly Floods Hundreds of people are dead, injured or missing.
Gay Men Are Being Rounded Up And Killed In Chechnya A Chechen spokesman denied the report, saying, \u201cYou cannot arrest or repress people who just don\u2019t exist.\
Rohingya Rebel Leader Vows To Keep Fighting Myanmar's Aung San Suu Kyi Unless She Protects Minority Muslims A UN report issued last month said Myanmar\u2019s security forces have committed mass killings and gang rapes against Rohingya during their campaign against the insurgents.
Protester Dies, Minister Sacked After Paraguay Re-Election Vote Rodrigo Quintana, 25, was killed by a rubber bullet fired by police.
Iraqi Intelligence Says Islamic State's Second-In-Command Has Been Killed Ayad al-Jumaili, the man believed to be the deputy of Islamic State\u2019s leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, has reportedly been killed.
Venezuela Seeks To Cool Protests With Court U-Turn \u201cThis controversy is over ... the constitution has won,\u201d said President Maduro.
Dry Bones And Living Flesh In today\u2019s terms, the prophet Ezekiel resembled a refugee. Ezekiel lived in exile. He was uprooted by an invading army and
What 'Land Day' Means The future trajectory of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict appears to be best captured by the spirit of Land Day.
Flooding And Mudslides Kill At Least 254 In Colombia Hundreds more are injured from the disaster.
Kenya\u2019s Unresolved Historical Injustices -- Coming Home To Roost -- Again! \u201cThe over 1 million squatters who got title deeds for a patch of land for the 1st time in their lives...they have plenty
What South Korean President Park\u2019s Political Demise Means For The Region's Geopolitics Craig Mark, Kyoritsu Women's University South Korea\u2019s former president, Park Geun-hye, has been arrested on charges including
Explosion Targeting Shia Mosque In Northwest Pakistan Kills At Least 22 The banned militant group Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP), often referred to as the Pakistani Taliban, claimed the attack.
Rex Tillerson Says U.S. Committed To NATO In First Alliance Meeting He also pressed allies to meet a defense spending goal of 2 percent of gross domestic product
With A Game Of Basketball, Girls Dribble Around Extremism In Somalia When al-Shabab controlled Mogadishu, women could be punished for playing sports. As part of our \u201cWomen and Jihad\u201d series
China\u2019s New Tactic To Suppress Muslim Separatists The Uyghur people of China\u2019s far-west Xinjiang region have long complained that government rules and policies discriminate
Germany Balks At Tillerson Call For More European NATO Spending Two percent is neither \u201creachable nor desirable.\u201d
U.N. Chief Alarmed By Israel's Approval Of New Settlement \u201cHe condemns all unilateral actions that, like the present one, threaten peace and undermine the two-state solution,\u201d
U.S. Sanctions North Korean Weapons Companies, Financial Networks The penalties are a response to Pyongyang\u2019s \unlawful nuclear, ballistic missile, and proliferation programs.\u201d
After Pope Encourages Giving Money To Homeless People, U.S. Bishop Says Don't Bishop Thomas J. Tobin called it a \safety hazard.\
Pakistan Ambassador Refuses To Acknowledge State-Sponsored Persecution Of Ahmadi Muslims Is Pakistan even serious in addressing religious extremism when it is such an active party to it?
Investigators Suspect UK Killer Was Lone Wolf Radicalized On Internet \u201cThe biggest question is
South Korea's Ousted Leader Arrested On Bribery Charges Park Guen-hye was removed from office in march over bribery allegations.
Venezuela Opposition Cries Foul After Court Takeover Of Congress Opposition leaders accused President Maduro of perpetrating a \coup.\
Israeli Cabinet Approves First West Bank Settlement In 20 years The move comes as Prime Minister Netanyahu negotiates with Washington on possible curbs on settlement activity.
U.N. Looks For Trump Foreign Policy Hints From Nikki Haley's Tough-Talking Debut Haley's diplomatic prowess is facing an early test as she represents an administration with policies that are unclear and top foreign policy posts that are empty.
This 25-Year-Old's Alter-Ego Is Second In Serbia's Presidential Election Polls \I\u2019m going to move the sea here,\ he vowed, \because we need a beach!\u201d
Vatican Urges Trump To Change Climate Change Position \u201cFortunately, in the United States, there are dissenting voices.\
Children Who Escaped Boko Haram Live In Shadow Of Famine There is a severe hunger crisis in northeast Nigeria, a region afflicted by years of insurgency by militant group Boko Haram
Getting The Message Home Since 2014, PATH\u2019s Advocacy for Better Health (ABH) project has been mobilizing citizens to demand accountability for health
Using Quality Improvement Approaches for Better Community Health University Research Co., LLC (URC) has a reputation as a leader in applying quality improvement to health care systems in
Reaching The \u201cLast Mile\u201d In South Sudan With Community Health Workers For the first time in her life, Freedom Santo \u2013 a traditional healer in South Sudan \u2013 recently felt positive recognition
Police, Muslim Leaders Join Hands In Mourning At Westminster Bridge \Talk to Londoners, talk and get a feel for this great city and how it\u2019s come together.\
Romanian Communist-Era Labor Colony Chief Jailed For 20 Years Ficior was accused of beatings and starvation and denying inmates medical treatment and heating.
Europe's Leaders Are Taking The Brexit Breakup Hard \We already miss you.\
World Leaders Say Donald Trump Is Taking A Major Step Backward On Climate Change Trump signed an order Tuesday undoing much of Barack Obama's climate change legacy.
'It Was A Black Friday:' Mosul Residents Recount Horrific Moment Blast Tore Through Their Neighborhood The accounts describes frantic scenes after the blast that may have killed more than 200 people.
Bodies Of Two U.N. Investigators Found In Congo \u201cIt\u2019s now a certainty. It is the two investigators.\
Italy\u2019s Paid Menstrual-Leave Bill Would Come With A Big Cost To Women Italian women who suffer from painful periods might be close to getting a monthly \u201cmenstrual leave\u201d\u2014up to three paid days
News Roundup for March 29, 2017 Shieeeeeeeeet. This news is a real downer, but it\u2019s good to be informed? 1. Brexit has been triggered, folks. Scotland\u2019s
Criminalizing The Muslim Brotherhood Helps Dictators And Hurts Americans Our government has a responsibility to protect its citizens from politically motivated violence.
It's On The U.K. will have two years to negotiate an exit deal with the EU.
Islamic State Beheads Two For 'Sorcery' In Egypt's Sinai \u201cApostasy, sorcery, claiming the ability to tell the future, and leading people to polytheism.\u201d
Anti-Apartheid Leader Ahmed Kathrada Who Spent Many Years In Jail Alongside Nelson Mandela Dead At 87 He dedicated his life to fighting the racial injustice of white-minority rule.
Cyclone Debbie Slams Into Australia, Knocking Out Power To Thousands The powerful storm made landfall as a category four, one rung below the most dangerous wind speed level.
The Backstory Behind The Massive Nationwide Protests In Russia A leading opposition figure's video claims to expose the prime minister's corruption.
Iraqi Refugees Return From Syria To Undocumented Lives Some Iraqis who fled across the Syrian border ahead of the Mosul offensive are now returning to Iraq. Many say their official
Denmark Just Drove Uber Out Of The Country Uber has clashed with Danish regulators since day one.
Genius Stickers Show How Bland The World Would Be Without Refugees We'd lose on sriracha, that's for sure.
U.N. Human Rights Chief At least 307 civilians have been killed and 273 wounded in western Mosul between Feb. 17 and March 22, according to U.N. figures.
Top Commander In Iraq Conflicting accounts have emerged since the March 17 explosion in west Mosul, where more than 200 people may have been killed.
Austria Demands Exemption From EU Migrant Relocation System \u201cWe believe an exception is necessary.\
Scotland's Parliament Backs New Independence Referendum But it now requires approval from Westminster amid ongoing Brexit talks.
Russian Opposition Leader Alexei Navalny Sentenced To 15 Days In Jail Over Protest Sunday\u2019s protest and others like it across Russia were estimated to be the largest since 2012 and foreshadow a presidential election which Vladimir Putin is expected to contest.
18 Injured When Hong Kong Escalator Suddenly Reverses At High Speed Two mechanics have been arrested in connection with the incident.
Brexit Bill Briefing The countdown to Britain's departure from the European Union starts this week.
South Korean Prosecutors Seek Arrest Warrant For Ousted President Park Geun-hye \u201cThe case is very grave as the suspect has demonstrated acts of abuse of power,\ the prosecutors' office says.
The Big Bend, A U-Shaped Skyscraper, Could Become The Longest In The World But it's just a dream for now.
North Korea Tests Rocket Engine, U.S. Officials Say The latest test is another sign of Pyongyang\u2019s advancing weapons program.
Women Link Hands On Spot Where London Attack Occurred To Honor Victims \u201cIt was something beautiful to come out of something so hideous.\u201d
British Police Say No Evidence London Attacker Had Any Association With Islamic State, Al Qaeda LONDON (Reuters) - British police said on Monday they had found no evidence that Khalid Masood, who killed four people in
Russia And Iran's Growing Cooperation Hints At A New Middle East Cl\u00e9ment Therme, \u00c9cole des Hautes \u00c9tudes en sciences sociales (EHESS) Russian President Vladimir Putin and his Iranian counterpart
Russia Detains Opposition Leader Navalny Amid Nationwide Protests Dozens were arrested during the biggest anti-Kremlin demonstrations in years.
1 Week After Horrific Mosul Blast, Confusion Mounts Over Cause And Casualties There are conflicting accounts surrounding the number of dead and whether a coalition strike was involved.
Militia Fighters Decapitate 40 Police Officers In Congo More than 400 people have been killed in the insurgency.
Hong Kong Chooses New Beijing-Backed Leader Amid Political Tensions Activists denounced Beijing\u2019s \u201cinterference\u201d amid widespread reports of lobbying of voters to back Lam, rather than Tsang.
Thousands In Yemen Rally On Second Anniversary Of Civil War Many waved national colors and denounced the U.S. and Saudi Arabia over the conflict.
Anti-Kremlin Protests Rock Major Russian Cities Opposition supporters across the country rallied against government corruption.
Defeating The Islamic State By James M. Dorsey US President Donald J. Trump\u2019s vow to defeat what he terms radical Islamic terrorism forces the United
Trump The Absent-Present Guest Of The Arab Summit The Palestinian priority is obvious for the Arab Summit convening in the Dead Sea, given the U.S. president\u2019s readiness to
What Don\u2019t We Talk About When We Talk About Israel's Security Israel\u2019s physical security is critical, but it is not the only security we need.
On The Front Lines Of The Migrant Crisis The sheer number of rafts overwhelmed our flotilla. Tragedies mounted.
Putin Hosts French Presidential Contender Le Pen In Kremlin \u201cWe do not want to influence events in any way.\
100 Civilians Killed A Month In Yemen War, Most By Coalition, U.N. Says The U.N. said more than 4,700 civilians have been killed and 8,200 injured in the war, which enters its third year Sunday.
The Brazen Killing Of A Putin Critic Fuels Suspicion Of The Kremlin The former Russian member of parliament was fatally shot in broad daylight in Ukraine's capital.
Washington Talks End Without Agreement On Israeli Settlements Most countries consider Israeli settlements, built on land captured in the 1967 Middle East war, to be illegal. Israel disagrees.
Pope Francis Warns Against Other Countries Leaving The EU The bloc's 60th anniversary celebrations have been tempered by Britain's impending departure.
London Terror Suspect Had Long History of Violence But Khalid Masood was not considered a serious threat.
American Tourist, British Teacher Identified Among London Terror Attack Victims Kurt Cochran was visiting London from Utah and celebrating his 25th wedding anniversary with his wife.
Philippine Tourism Chief Wants Drug War Coverage Toned Down To Make Her Job Easier If you\u2019re the tourism secretary of the Philippines, part of your job is convincing tour operators to send travelers to your
Five Bodies Found, Hundreds Feared Dead As Migrant Boats Sink Off Libya The aid group said two boats that sunk in the Mediterranean were probably carrying more than 100 people each.
Ukraine Blames Russia For Explosions At Ammo Warehouse The blasts forced the evacuation of around 20,000 people in eastern Ukraine.
London Subway Workers Respond To Terror Attack With Messages Of Hope And Defiance #WeAreNotAfraid.
Belgium Arrests Man Driving At High Speed Down Pedestrianized Street The arrest comes a day after an attack in London involving a car ramming pedestrians.
'Worst Is Yet To Come' With 400,000 Trapped In West Mosul \u201cEveryone is hungry, there is no food and people are starving.\
Suspect In London Attack Identified As Khalid Masood Masood killed four people and injured more than 40 others.
New Details Emerge On Suspect In London Terror Attack ISIS claimed responsibility for the attack but it's unclear to what extent the group was involved.
Exiled Former Russian Lawmaker Shot Dead In Kiev Former MP Denis Voronenkov was helping the Ukrainian authorities build a treason case against Yanukovich, Ukraine\u2019s pro-Russia former president.
British MP Holds Back Tears While Remembering Friend Killed In London Attack James Cleverly said he'd known Constable Keith Palmer for 25 years.
Erdogan Says Bulgaria's Pressure On Turks 'Unacceptable' \It seriously upsets us to see and hear that pressure is being exerted there.\u201d
Czech Zoo Saws Off Rhinos' Horns To Protect Them From Poachers The decision comes weeks after poachers broke into a French zoo and slaughtered a rhino for its horn.
How ISIS Sells The Militant Dream How ISIS depicts women in its official propaganda tells us a lot about the role it sees for female members of the group. In
British Lawmaker Tried To Save The Life Of Policeman Stabbed In Parliament Attack Tobias Ellwood remained with the officer until medical crews arrived.
Scottish Parliament Suspends Independence Vote Debate After Westminster Attack Scotland will now vote on whether to have a second referendum the day before the British government is due to trigger divorce proceedings from the EU.
People Power Defeats 'Death Sentence' Water Bill In Nigeria -- But The Fight Isn't Over On World Water Day, a massive rally unfolded in Lagos, Africa's most populous city, to protest the ongoing water crisis.
Erdogan Warns Europeans 'Will Not Walk Safely' If Current Attitude Persists Turkey has been embroiled in a spat with Germany and the Netherlands.
Jo Cox's Husband Tweets Parliament Attacker 'Will Not Succeed In Dividing Us' Cox was gunned down ahead of an event with constituents in 2016.
U.S. Preparing Case Accusing North Korea In 2016 Theft At N.Y. Fed The cases would target Chinese middlemen who prosecutors believed helped Pyongyang.
London Police Officer Fatally Stabbed In Terror Attack Identified As 15-Year Veteran Keith Palmer, 48, was a husband, father, and \a lovely man.\
Attacks Like The One In London Are Easy To Organize, Hard To Prevent While not a new tactic, vehicle attacks are cheap and within anybody's reach.
Israeli Ban Targeting Boycott Supporters Raises Alarm Abroad \u201cI feel it emboldens extremists on both sides.\u201d
Scorched Earth \u201cIt is the duty of mujahideen today to expand operations targeting economic assets of the infidel regimes.\
North Korean Missile Launch Attempt Fails The \u201cmissile appears to have exploded within seconds of launch,\ a U.S. military official said.
Suspected U.S. Airstrike Hits School Sheltering Displaced People In Syria Dozens of civilian casualties are reported.
Emmanuel Macron's Unlikely Rise To Becoming France's President He will be the country's first leader not from an establishment party.
Lawyer For Russian Whistleblower's Family Falls From Building One Day Before Hearing Nikolai Gorokhov represents the family of Sergei Magnitsky, who died after exposing tax fraud by Russian officials.
White House Considering Sweeping Sanctions On North Korea The new administration is giving priority to less risky options over pre-emptive military strikes.
First U.S. Carrier Returns To Gulf Since Trump Inauguration Some 20 Iranian boats looked on as the USS George H.W. Bush entered the Strait of Hormuz.
Martin McGuinness, Former IRA Commander And Key Figure In Northern Ireland Peace Process, Dead At 66 He was deputy first minister of Northern Ireland for a decade.
Iran's Khamenei Warns He Will Confront Any Interference In May Election \u201cI will confront anyone who wants to tamper with the results of the people\u2019s vote.\
Twitter Transparency Report Details Escalating Crackdown On Terrorists The company suspended 376,000 accounts in the last half of 2016 alone.
U.S. Reverses Course And Offers New Dates For NATO Talks \u201cThe United States remains 100 percent committed to NATO.\u201d
Why Scotland's Leader Is Rallying Support For A New Independence Referendum As Brexit looms, Nicola Sturgeon is asking the Scottish Parliament to back a second vote on independence from the United Kingdom.
North Korea Has No Fear Of U.S. Sanctions Move, Will Pursue Nuclear Arms - Envoy \We have no other choice but to continue with our full acceleration of the nuclear programs.\
U.K. To Also Ban Large Electronics On Some Flights From Middle East, Africa The U.S. implemented a similar regulation this week in response to intelligence reports about terror targets.
The Latest Bump In The Road Of Turkey's Quest To Join The EU Emel Parlar Dal, Marmara University; Ali Murat Kur\u015fun, Marmara University, and Hakan Mehmetcik The rift between Turkey and
See How Out Of Control Peru's Flooding Is It's decimating some of the country's coastal areas.
Brexit Has An Official Start Date It's the final countdown.
U.S.-Muslim Teen Stopped From Boarding International Flight Home \u201cIs this the new Great America?\u201d her mother asked.
Can Social Media, Loud And Inclusive, Fix World Politics? Rania Fakhoury, Universit\u00e9 Libanaise The Conversation Global\u2019s new series, Politics in the Age of Social Media, examines
How Trump\u2019s Budget Would Hurt Kids \u2013 And U.S. Workers Congress should make it clear that relegating millions of children to exploitation and lifelong poverty is not consistent with either American priorities or values.
Europe Needs To Learn How To Work With Turkey While Keeping Democracy Alive The European union and Turkey cannot afford to further strain their relationship. Vera Kratochvi/PublicDomain Rinna Kullaa
We Are Thinking About Populism Wrong And it\u2019s costing us.
North Korea's Kim Jong Un Says Engine Test Is 'New Birth' Of Rocket Industry \The whole world will soon witness what eventful significance the great victory won today carries.\
Tillerson Says Trump Looks Forward To Enhancing Understanding With China The meeting with Xi came amid increased tensions on the Korean Peninsula.
Erdogan Spokesman Germany and Turkey have been locked in a deepening row after Berlin banned some Turkish ministers from speaking to rallies of expatriate Turks.
Rebel Offensive Brings Fierce Fighting Close To The Heart Of Damascus \The streets are empty,\ one resident said.
Scottish Leader Softens Stance On Possible Independence Vote Timing Scotland\u2019s First Minister Nicola Sturgeon had called for a referendum to be held between autumn 2018 and spring 2019.
Three U.S. Troops Wounded After Afghan Soldier Opens Fire The Afghan special forces soldier who opened fire was shot dead.
Germany Rejects Trump's Claim It Owes NATO And U.S. 'Vast Sums' For Defense \u201cThere is no debt account at NATO,\u201d Germany's Minister Of Defence said.
Spreading The Gospel By James M. Dorsey Critics in the Maldives likely sighed relief when Saudi King Salman this week postponed his visit because
Pentagon Denies Striking Mosque In Syria, Says It Killed Al Qaeda Militants Syrian rebel group claims the strike hit a mosque, killing at least 46
Rex Tillerson How will Pyongyang react to this new approach?
Dozens Killed As Jets Strike Crowded Mosque Near Syria's Aleppo Warplanes struck a mosque in the rebel-held village of al-Jina, southwest of Atarib near Aleppo in Syria, killing at least
Helicopter Attacks Boat Carrying Somali Refugees Off The Coast Of Yemen, Dozens Killed The refugees were on their way from Yemen to Sudan when they were attacked by an Apache helicopter near the Bab al-Mandeb strait.
Chinese Plastic Surgeons Offer To Transform Patients Into Ivanka Trumps She softens the Trump harsh, says a gushing Chinese newspaper.
Minor Explosion Rattles IMF Headquarters In Paris One person was slightly injured.
At Least Three Injured In Shooting At French School A student carrying a rifle, handguns and grenades was arrested.
Dutch Election Results Put A Crack In The Far-Right's Populist Narrative But Geert Wilders' anti-Islam party still gained seats, and there are big contests ahead in France and Germany.
BBC Crew Filming Mount Etna Among Several Injured When Volcano Blows Video shows hot rocks showering the snowy area as people run for cover.
SWIFT Messaging System Cuts Off Remaining North Korean Banks They are \no longer compliant with SWIFT\u2019s membership criteria.\
Dutch Far Right Candidate Geert Wilders Performs Worse Than Expected In Key Election The Netherlands\u2019 election was the first big test of 2017 for Europe\u2019s right-wing populist movement.
Mesmerizing Blue Light Makes Tasmanian Waters Glow Bioluminescent plankton are responsible for the beautiful but troubling bloom.
South Korea To Hold Presidential Election In May To Replace Impeached Leader Park Geun-hye Park Geun-hye was dismissed last Friday over a corruption scandal.
The Toy Smuggler Of Aleppo Won't Give Up On Syria And Neither Should You President Trump and the populist leaders in Europe spreading hateful rhetoric have forgotten that we all belong to one race -- humanity.
Pakistani Military Engagement By James M. Dorsey Pakistan is emerging as an important military player in the Gulf as its struggles to balance complex relations
A Day In The Life Of A Syrian Aid Worker Every morning I am facing a humanitarian mission more difficult than the previous day.
Turkey Is Now More Likely To Generate Refugees Than Host Them The already-grim situation for Syrian refugees in Turkey just took a turn for the worse.
Somali Pirates Hijack First Commercial Ship Since 2012 The Aris 13 sent a distress call on Monday, turned off its tracking system and altered course for the Somali port town of Alula.
The Refugee Archipelago For the established groups already working in Greece, the sudden influx was both welcome and destabilizing. Metadrasi, a
Russia Appears To Deploy Forces In Egypt, Eyes On Libya Role Washington is concerned about Moscow\u2019s intentions in the oil-rich state.
EU Headscarf Ban Ruling Sparks Faith Group Backlash The EU's top court has ruled that companies can bar staff from wearing visible religious symbols under certain conditions.
Syrian Government Blocks Lifesaving Aid For Hundreds Of Thousands Of People A new report lays out why many are still not getting crucial humanitarian assistance.
The Dutch Far Right Paints An Unrealistic Picture Of The Netherlands Geert Wilders' populist campaign rhetoric doesn't align with the facts.
Francois Fillon Faces Growing Pressure As Corruption Scandal Escalates \We're cooked,\ a senior politician in the French candidate's inner circle said.
North Korea Warns Of 'Merciless' Strikes As U.S. Carrier Joins Military Drills The U.S. also said it started to deploy attack drones to the region.
Report The move would be a change from Obama's policy of limiting the CIA's paramilitary role.
Death Gets A New Name In South Sudan For the first time in six years, the United Nations declared a famine.
A History Of Dutch Populism, From The Murder Of Pim Fortuyn To The Rise Of Geert Wilders Jacques Paulus Koenis, Maastricht University The 2017 Dutch election has taken on a significance for the international media
I Fled Persecution In Iraq, But Now I Fear For My Future In America The oppression I thought I'd escaped is rearing itself yet again.
South Africa Pushes Forward On Plans To Legalize Rhino Horn Trade Environmental groups are worried the move could lead to even more poaching.
Scottish Leader Demands New Referendum On Independence EDINBURGH, March 13 (Reuters) - Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon on Monday demanded a new independence referendum
How Far-Right Leader Geert Wilders Radicalized The Dutch Elections The anti-Islam politician has managed to put himself at the center of the Netherlands' politics, even without any real chance of governing.
Turkey Says It Will Suspend High-Level Diplomatic Ties With Netherlands This recent action deepens the row between the two NATO allies.
With A Close Look At Israel, 'P.S. Jerusalem' Filmmaker Danae Elon Returns Home \u201cJust by choosing to be here, you can\u2019t help but be a part of it.\u201d
Asia's Olympic Moment Has Its Roots In Cold War Politics Stefan Huebner, National University of Singapore China, host of the 2008 Summer and 2022 Winter Olympic Games, has turned
Hungarian Government Targets Dissent as NGO Endures Repeated Audits Being audited is never fun, but when it\u2019s part of a government witch-hunt against legitimate dissent it\u2019s particularly frustrating
Former Prime Minister Chung Un-chan Korea has a new presidential candidate who the world should keep an eye on. A quick search of the polls for South Korea\u2019s
Trump's Israeli-Palestinian Deal Will Present A Challenge For Netanyahu Two points make it a bitter pill to Netanyahu
'Cries From Syria' On HBO Follows Assad\u2019s War Against His Country\u2019s Children The regime claims it is protecting the country from terrorists.
Tunisia, Morocco And Egypt Ben Hamadi Zouhour, \u00c9cole de Management de Normandie Refrigerators in the Moroccan desert; a bracelet to prevent heart attacks
Diplomatic Fight Between Turkey And The Netherlands Escalates Turkey told the Netherlands on Sunday that it would retaliate in the \u201charshest ways.\u201d
Iraqi Forces Push Further Into ISIS-Held West Mosul An Iraqi commander says that around 30 percent of the western city area has been retaken.
Boris Johnson Warns Russians Could Hack Into U.K. Computers \We\u2019ve got to engage but we have to be aware.\u201d
Bus Crash During Haiti Parade Kills At Least 34 People It was not immediately clear what caused the accident.
Trump's Presidency Gives Norway Hope For Fossil Fuel Exploration In The Arctic Countries like Norway see this as an opportunity to expand exports.
A Somali Refugee\u2019s American Story The Trump administration's anti-immigrant rhetoric diminishes our nation before the eyes of the world.
Death Toll Climbs To 74 In Damascus Bombings Targeting Shi'ites The second blast, 10 minutes after the first, targeted first responders.
Dutch PM Bars Turkish Minister As Rally Dispute Escalates Turkish authorities sealed off the Dutch embassy in Ankara and consulate in Istanbul in retaliation.
Northern League Leader Visit To Naples Ignites Street Clashes Matteo Salvini's party has been known for its anti-southern rhetoric.
Why South Sudan's Leaders Are Fueling The Implosion Of Their Own Country Top government officials are profiting as the nation spirals deeper into a manmade crisis.
U.S. Forges Ahead With South Korea Missile Defenses, Despite Upheaval The U.S. started deploying the first elements of its advanced anti-missile defense system in response to North Korea\u2019s ballistic missile and nuclear tests.
Israel And Russia Israel, as a democratic, First World ($38,000 GNP/capita) hi-tech power, is often seen as a Western country that accidentally
Once On Brink Of War, Turkey And Russia Now Foster Cordial Relations Only one and half year ago, Turkey and Russia were on the brink of a military confrontation after Turkey's downing of a Russian
The U.S.-Backed Fight In Syria To Retake Raqqa Faces Complex Divisions Wresting the city from ISIS is a challenge even before the fighting begins.
South Korean Protester Dies After Suffering Injury At Anti-Impeachment Rally It is known yet known how the 72-year-old man was injured at the protest.
Iceland To Become The First Country To Mandate Equal Pay Your move, world.
German Police Detain Suspect After Axe Attack in Duesseldorf Train Station \u201cWe are not using the words \u2018rampage\u2019 or \u2018terror\u2019,\u201d a police spokesman said.
Marines And Army Rangers Land In Syria To Speed Up ISIS Fight U.S. forces joined local forces to isolate the ISIS stronghold Raqqa.
Kosovo Looks To ISIS Wives In Order To Fight Extremism Most Kosovar men who travel to Syria and Iraq to fight with ISIS are accompanied by their wives. For our series \u201cWomen and
Police Blame Arson For Fire That Killed 22 Girls In Guatemala Shelter Dozens more were treated in area hospitals for burns.
Is An AI Arms Race Inevitable? Unlike nuclear weapons, this new class can potentially target by traits like race or even by what people have liked on social media.
There Are More Women In Parliaments Around The World Than Ever Before But  achieving gender equality in governments is still a way off.
Islamic State Leader Baghdadi Abandons Mosul Fight To Field Commanders He has left the city to his field commanders.
At Least 19 Killed In Fire At Abused Children's Shelter In Guatemala There were also dozens injured, a spokesman for firefighters said.
Gunmen Disguised As Doctors Attack Military Hospital Near U.S. Embassy In Kabul \u201cOur forces are there and there is heavy fighting.\
World Bank Profited From Terrorizing Honduran Peasants, Lawsuit Alleges The World Bank's lending arm should have known about violence targeting poor farmers, the plaintiffs say.
Hungary Approves Plan To Detain Migrants And Refugees In Camps Of Shipping Containers Human rights groups have called the move a flagrant violation of international law.
Sold Into China For Marriage Yangon. Mya* thought she was heading to a better paid job in a town in the north of Myanmar. That was what her friend had
Far-Right Bots Are The Secret Of Marine Le Pen's Social Media Boom A new report finds a small number of accounts driving Twitter trends and attacking political rivals.
Asylum Seeker Children At Risk In Israel\u2019s \u2018Baby Warehouses\u2019 Every day in Tel Aviv, about 5,000 children of asylum seekers attend daycare centers run by women with little or no training
Colombia And Former Rebels Are Trying To Build Peace, One Tent At A Time A look into one transition zone, set up from scratch. Some wonder if the government can deliver on its promises fast enough.
Crippling Drought Kills 110 Somalis In Just Two Days Some 400,000 malnourished children need urgent care.
The Central African Republic Axel Aug\u00e9, Ecole Saint-Cyr Co\u00ebtquidan Amid the mayhem of the Central African Republic, new armed groups are emerging, according
Premier Li Says China Will Resolutely Oppose Taiwan Independence \u201cWe will never tolerate any activity ... which attempts to separate Taiwan from the motherland.\u201d
More Than 40,000 People Have Fled Mosul In The Past Week The number of displaced is only expected to increase.
Israel Moves To Decriminalize Marijuana Use But selling and growing marijuana would remain criminal offenses.
North Korea Fires 4 Missiles Into Sea It's the latest in a string of test launches ordered by Kim Jong Un.
North Korean Human Rights * Following is a statement I delivered at the 34th Session of the High-Level Segment of the UN Human Rights Council in Geneva
Trump Administration To Propose 'Dramatic Reductions' In Foreign Aid The cuts will help fund a proposed $54 billion expansion of the U.S. military budget.
Canada The numbers are not big enough to cause alarm, said Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale.
How Microfinance Reduces Gender Inequality In Developing Countries We found evidence of a negative relationship between women\u2019s participation in microfinance and gender inequality.
How A Small Cog In Mexico\u2019s Criminal Economy Grew Into A Hotbed Of Terror Corruption-plagued Veracruz, with a record number of murders and thousands of disappearances, reflects a worsening trend throughout Mexico.
Former Haitian President Rene Preval Dies At 74 He was the first democratically elected modern-day leader of Haiti to serve his full term.
A Trump-Inspired Shift To China May Soon Be Coming To Africa As the continent awaits Washington's move, Africans are looking to Beijing as a force for global stability.
U.S. Hits Al Qaeda In Yemen With More Than 20 Drone Strikes It was not immediately clear if information from a controversial January raid contributed to Thursday\u2019s strikes.
Suspend Visa-Free EU Travel For U.S. Citizens, Lawmakers Say Restrictive measures could come \u201cwithin two months.\u201d
Twin Blasts In Kabul Leave At Least 15 Dead The Taliban claimed responsibility.
Senior Al Qaeda Leader Killed In Drone Strike, U.S. Official Says Abu al-Khayr al-Masri was second in command to the group's leader.
Both Sides In The Battle Of Aleppo Committed War Crimes The report also revealed Syrian government jets deliberately bombed a humanitarian convoy.
Mass Killer Breivik Loses Human Rights Case Against Norway The court determined the killer has \not been, subjected to torture or inhuman or degrading treatment.\u201d
Children Face Extreme Threats Along Mediterranean Migrant Route A new UNICEF report reveals tens of thousands of minors may have been exposed to sexual violence, abuse, exploitation and detention.
To Work In Douma, Men Must Join Militants Of Jaish Al-Islam After enduring four years of government-imposed siege and living under the increasingly authoritarian rule of the armed opposition
Boys As Young As 15 Are Being Recruited For Front-Line Combat In Yemen At least 1,500 child soldiers have been lured into the raging conflict.
This Church Is Running An Unconventional Resistance Against Duterte\u2019s War On Drugs The darkness made it difficult to photograph the blood-splattered pavement. Since crime scene investigators had not yet arrived
Italy\u2019s Mount Etna Is Erupting, And It's Magnificent The stunning display, which began on Monday, could last anywhere from days to weeks.
Deadly U.S. Yemen Raid Netted No Major Intelligence NBC says senior sources say no \significant\ intel was gleaned from operation.
Taliban Fighters Kill 12 Police Officers At Afghan Checkpoint \u201cAn investigation is ongoing to find out if someone from inside has defected to the Taliban and paved the way for this crime.\
Will Rotterdam Mayor Aboutaleb Allow A Conference Led By Hamas-Affiliated Group? By Abraham Cooper and Manfred Gerstenfeld The 15th Palestinians in Europe Conference, sponsored by a Hamas-affiliated organization
My Father, An American Citizen, Has Spent 365 Days In Iran's Evin Prison February 22, 2017 marked 365 days that my innocent 80-year-old Iranian-American father, Baquer Namazi has spent in Evin prison
Everyday Misery In Venezuela Millions of people are facing inhuman conditions in Venezuela right now.
Do More Than Make Some Noise The theme of this year\u2019s Zero Discrimination Day is Make Some Noise. Raising our voices in solidarity for compassion, diversity
As U.S. Closes Borders, Thousands Of Haitian Refugees Trapped In Mexico Lose Hope Ariadna Est\u00e9vez, Universidad Nacional Aut\u00f3noma de M\u00e9xico (UNAM) A United States federal court has blocked President Donald
Kim Jong Un's Brother Died Within 20 Minutes Of Poisoning \u201cIt did it so fast and all over the body, so it affected the heart, it affected the lungs, it affected everything,\ Malaysia\u2019s health minister said.
In Famine-Hit South Sudan, Women And Children Eat Water Lilies To Survive According to the UN, more than 100,000 people in the country face imminent starvation.
Malaysia Says It Will Issue Arrest Warrant For North Korean Diplomat In Kim Jong Nam Murder Eight North Koreans are wanted in connection with the case, including the diplomat.
French President Hollande Fires Back At Trump Over Paris Comments Trump remarked in a speech that  a friend thought \u201cParis is no longer Paris\u201d after attacks by Islamist militants.
Iraqi Forces Push Deeper Into Western Mosul As Civilians Flee The new push in Mosul comes after government forces finished clearing Islamic State from the east of the city last month.
How Best To Prepare For Epidemics? Strengthen Primary Care By Ashwin Vasan, Columbia University In global public health, 2016 was a year defined by the end of two important emergencies
Zimbabwe's Mugabe Throws 'Africa's Biggest Party' For His 93rd Birthday Meanwhile, millions in the country don't have enough food to eat.
Asian Ports By James M. Dorsey Troubled ports in Pakistan and Sri Lanka, envisioned as part of China\u2019s string of pearls linking the Eurasian
Global Order In A Post-United Nations Era In its current form and function, the United Nations is certainly on course into the dust bin of history.
Suspect In Kim Jong Nam's Murder Also Sickened By Toxic Nerve Agent, Police Say \u201cShe was vomiting.\
Is China A Partner Or A Predator In Africa? It\u2019s Complicated. As China looks to fill America\u2019s Trump-induced global gap, its role in Africa is under scrutiny.
Australia Reverses Its Decision To Deport Teen With Autism The 16-year-old's developmental delays had been deemed a burden to taxpayers.
North Korean Leader's Brother Killed Using VX Nerve Agent VX nerve agent is chemical weapon classified as a weapon of mass destruction by the United Nations.
ISIS Car Bomb Blast Kills Dozens At Security Checkpoint In Syria ISIS claimed responsibility for the attack.
Iran Only Has Half The Amount Of Enriched Uranium Allowed Under Nuclear Deal The country is playing by the rules laid out in international negotiations.
Chinese Firms Are Naming Their Wallpaper And Booze After Ivanka Trump Companies in the US are grappling with how to handle Ivanka Trump\u2019s fashion brand, which has become heavily politicized and
A Swedish Politician Is Advocating For Paid Breaks For Sex During Work Hours Per-Erik Muskos, a 42-year-old local council member for \u00d6vertorne\u00e5 in northern Sweden, proposed this week that Swedes should
In Effort To Oust ISIS, Iraqi Security Forces Storm Mosul Airport And Nearby Military Base The campaign involves a 100,000-strong force of Iraqi troops, Kurdish fighters and Shi\u2019ite militias.
Trump Officials Receive Cool Welcome In Mexico Senior Mexican officials expressed \u201cworry and irritation\u201d about the Trump administration's policies.
Bomb Kills At Least 10 In Upscale Shopping District In Pakistan's Lahore A government spokesman said said the blast caused a huge crater and authorities were investigating the exact \u201cnature and motives\u201d of the blast.
North Korea Calls For Immediate Release Of Airport Assassination Suspects A Vietnamese woman, an Indonesian woman and a North Korean man have been \u201carrested unreasonably,\u201d the embassy said.
Brazil Races Against Time To Save Drought-Hit City Experts say water from the Boqueirao reservoir will become untreatable by March and could harm residents who cannot afford bottled water.
Beijing's South China Sea Buildings Could Soon House Missiles \These structures resemble others that house SAM batteries.\
Thousands Mourn 'Blind Sheikh' Convicted In 1993 World Trade Center Bombing \u201cIf he were a bad man, people from all over the country wouldn\u2019t have came to attend his funeral.\u201d
Leader Of Azerbaijan Goes Full 'House Of Cards' And Appoints His Wife As Vice President The literal power couple sits atop a regime widely accused of corruption.
Iran Ready To Give U.S. 'Slap In The Face' Tehran is puffing out its chest following military exercises.
Trump's 'Us vs. Them' Politics Raises Warning Of Global Fallout Amnesty International sees a dangerous model in his \poisonous\ rhetoric and policies.
Swedish PM Accuses Trump Of Something That Sounds Like Fake News A former prime minister's tip
Bodies Of 74 Migrants Wash Up On Libyan Beach The migrants were all adults, mostly from sub-Saharan African countries, and all but three of them were men.
4 U.S. Tourists And A Pilot Killed When Plane Crashes Into Australian Mall The pilot sent two mayday calls before hitting the closed shopping center.
Israeli Soldier Gets Mere 18 Months In Prison For Killing Incapacitated Palestinian After Attack The trial was one of the most divisive in Israel's history.
Elderly Women On Okinawa Unite Against Plans To Move U.S. Military Base On a Japanese island famous for long life expectancies, elderly women are at the forefront of the continuing protest movement
France's Le Pen Cancels Meeting With Lebanon Grand Mufti Over Headscarf \I will not cover myself up.\u201d
Trump Says Gulf States Will Pay For Syrian Safe Zones. That's Not The Issue. Also, they probably wouldn't.
Dutch Lawmakers Make \u2018Historic\u2019 Move To Expand Legal Pot Policy A bill that would decriminalize marijuana growing has cleared the lower house of Parliament.
General's Appointment To Muslim World\u2019s NATO Highlights Struggle The alliance, created in 2015 to bolster Saudi Arabia\u2019s two-year-old intervention in Yemen, has so far largely been a paper tiger.
Why The Solution To The MH17 Case May Lie With A Forgotten Legal Precedent From 1905 Largely forgotten today, a commission was in its time credited with preventing war between Britain and Russia.
Here We Go Again Emmanuel Macron, a French presidential candidate and strong supporter of the European Union, has been targeted by hackers.
Video Appears To Show Airport Assassination Of Kim Jong Un's Brother The slaying has triggered a diplomatic row between Malaysia and North Korea.
Russian Ambassador To UN Dies Suddenly In New York Vitaly Churkin would have turned 65 tomorrow
UK Government Defends Trump's State Visit Amid Protests Thousands of protesters gathered outside parliament to oppose the trip.
Retired Cop Claims Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte Paid Him, Others To Kill Suspects Arturo Lascanas said he was one of the ringleaders of the group that began operating when Duterte became mayor of the southern city in 1988.
Energy Poverty Is Holding Africa Back And It's Time To Fix It Nigeria doesn\u2019t have enough electricity to meet demand, and the little there is, is expensive and largely unreliable.
Michael Flynn\u2019s Sacking Alters The Course Of Trump\u2019s NATO Policy Volatility in the administration's staffing places Trump's relationship with the United Nations on shaky ground.
Swedes Disliked Donald Trump Even Before His 'Last Night In Sweden' Remarks The president has a history of using the country in his anti-immigrant rhetoric.
Explosion Near Bogota's Bullring Injures At Least 26 Most of the victims were police officers preparing for anti-bullfighting protests in the Colombian capital.
Suicide Bomb At Market In Somali Capital Kills 39, Injures Around 50 By Feisal Omar MOGADISHU (Reuters) - A car bomb ripped through a market in Mogadishu on Sunday, killing 39 people and injuring
Iraq Launches Offensive On Last ISIS Stronghold In Mosul Islamic State militants are essentially under siege in western Mosul, along with an estimated 650,000 civilians, after they were forced out of the eastern part of the city.
Bowing To Pressure By James M. Dorsey Iran, bowing to external pressure, has allowed women spectators to attend a premier international men\u2019s
Barcelona Holds Huge Protest In Support Of Refugees Spain has taken in just a fraction of the refugees it pledged to accept in 2015.
Over 70 Years Ago, Nazis Victimized This Community. They Still Struggle For Acceptance. Roma in Germany face racism, invisibilization and the threat of deportation.
British Parliament To Debate Withdrawing Donald Trump's Invite For State Visit London's mayor is among those who say Trump shouldn't get the red carpet rollout.
German Nationalists Take Inspiration From Trump \u201cTrump says America first. We say Germany first!\u201d
'Blind Sheikh' Convicted In 1993 World Trade Bombing Dies In Prison Omar Abdel-Rahman died of natural causes in a federal prison compound in North Carolina.
Malaysia Arrests North Korean Man As Row Over Kim Jong Nam's Death Escalates The estranged half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un died this week after being assaulted at Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
Dutch Politician Vows To Crack Down On 'Moroccan Scum' Geert Wilders pledges to ban Muslim immigration, close all mosques and take the Netherlands out of the European Union.
Why The EU Plan To Stop Mediterranean Migration Is A Human Rights Concern Forcing migrants to stay in Libya is not the same as forcing migrants to stay in Turkey.
Samsung Chief Jay Y. Lee Arrested Over Alleged Role In Corruption Scandal He is being held in a single cell with a TV and desk.
Pakistan Says Kills 100 'Terrorists' After Suicide Shrine Attack They will be \targeted ruthlessly, indiscriminately, anywhere and everywhere.\
Tackling The Law That Forces Rape Survivors To Marry Their Attackers In parts of the Middle East and Africa, courts can let rapists walk free if they marry their victims. Alia Awada of gender
Ecuador Opposition Candidate Guillermo Lasso Vows To Remove Assange We have \no business spending a single cent protecting someone who definitely leaked confidential information.\u201d
'Get Out Of My Country' Iqra Khalid, a member of Parliament who is Muslim, argued an anti-Islamophobia motion should actually use the word \Islamophobia.\
Trump's Defense Chief Sees No Military Collaboration With Russia Jim Mattis' remarks are a blow to Moscow\u2019s hopes to mend ties with Washington after Trump\u2019s election.
Trump And Netanyahu Aligning On Iran Is A Bad Sign In the lead up to this week\u2019s meeting between President Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, multiple reports
France France's foreign minister said  he got some reassurance about Washington\u2019s stance on Russia, but little on the Middle East.
Photo Series Documents The Life Of Some Of China's 'Left Behind' Children Millions of China's children are raised by grandparents as their parents work in urban areas.
This Humanitarian Group Had To Lay Off More Than 140 Staffers After Trump\u2019s Refugee Ban World Relief says it has also been forced to close five offices.
Kim Jong Un's Murdered Brother Pleaded To Spare His Life 5 Years Ago Kim Jong Nam reportedly wrote a letter to his brother asking him to withdraw a standing order for his assassination.
Malaysia Detains Third Suspect In Connection With Murder Of North Korean Leader's Half-Brother He is the boyfriend of the second suspect.
President Bashar Al-Assad \u201cIt\u2019s against the terrorists that would infiltrate some of the immigrants to the West.\
Russian Foreign Minister Meets With Tillerson, Denies Interfering \u201cYou should know we do not interfere in the domestic matters of other countries,\u201d Lavrov said.
More Than 70 Reported Dead In Suicide Attack On Pakistani Shrine At least 150 people were wounded by the blast.
Baghdad Bomb Blast Kills At Least 48 In Second Attack This Week It is the deadliest attack in the city so far this year.
South Korea Suspects Female Assassins Poisoned Half-Brother Of North Korean Leader Lawmakers said the young, unpredictable North Korean leader had issued a \u201cstanding order\u201d for his half-brother\u2019s assassination.
Syrian Safety Is An Unlikely Priority In Trump\u2019s Plan For Safe Zones Several big questions remain about President Donald Trump\u2019s possible policy for safe zones in Syria, but any plan will shift
Israel's Right Wing Celebrates After Trump Abandons U.S. Commitment To 2-State Solution \After 24 years, the Palestinian flag is lowered and the Israeli flag is put in its place,\u201d wrote one Israeli politician.
U.S. Warns NATO \u201cAmerica cannot care more for your children\u2019s future security than you do.\u201d
Malaysia Detains Woman In Connection With Assassination of North Korean Leader's Half-Brother Kim Jong Nam was assaulted on Monday morning in Kuala Lumpur International Airport and died on the way to hospital.
Canada Debates Whether The U.S. Is Still A Safe Place For Refugees Refugees are risking their lives to apply for asylum in Canada rather than in the U.S.
Married People In Japan Are Choosing Work Over Sex Sex in the modern marriage can often get pushed to one side by the conflicting commitments of parenting, busy jobs and social
North Korea Calls Ballistic Missile Launch 'Self-Defense' The test was to \protect national sovereignty.\
The Maker Of Oreos Is Hiring For A Dream Job A gym package is not listed as a benefit on the job posting, but applicants should still inquire. Mondel\u0113z International
Russian Jets In 'Unsafe' Encounters With Destroyer Such incidents can \result in accident or miscalculation.\
Another Former Colony Wants Germany To Pay For Its Atrocities In Africa Germany\u2019s colonial ghosts are once again haunting the country in the present day. Lawmakers in Tanzania have begun the process
North Korean Leader's Half Brother Killed In Malaysia Kim Jong Nam was poisoned by two women at Kuala Lumpur airport, a South Korean TV network reported.
Blast In Pakistan Leaves At Least 10 Dead The explosion rocked a protest organized by Pakistan\u2019s chemist and pharmaceuticals manufacturers.
Hamas Picks Hard-Liner As New Leader In Gaza Yehya Al-Sinwar was freed in a 2011 prisoner swap with Israel after more than 20 years in jail.
Analysis George W. Bush invaded Iraq to remove its \u2013 ultimately nonexistent \u2013 weapons of mass destruction. Barack Obama used cyber
Netanyahu Non-Committal On Palestinian Statehood As He Heads To U.S. Hours before Netanyahu's departure for Washington, Public Security Minister Gilad Erdan told Army Radio that \all members of the security cabinet, and foremost the prime minister, oppose a Palestinian state\.
Syrian Military Pounded Rebel-Held Aleppo With Chemical Weapons According to Human Rights Watch, the attacks were part of the overall military strategy to retake the city.
U.S. Airstrikes In Afghanistan Kill At Least 18 Civilians The U.S. military says it is investigating the allegations.
Few Good Options In Donald Trump's Arsenal To Counter Defiant North Korea Any U.S. military response would likely trigger a regional war.
WW2 Bomb Forces Up To 72,000 To Evacuate Homes In Greece The 250 kg (550 lb) bomb was discovered about 5 meters (16 feet) below ground during excavation works at a petrol station last week.
Japan PM Abe Condemns North Korea's Missile Launch \Absolutely unacceptable.\
Dear Irish Foreign Minister Charles Flanagan Recently, you said
North Korea Claims Successful Test Of Medium-To-Long-Range Ballistic Missile The launch came as Trump hosted Japan\u2019s prime minister in Florida.
NATO Sees Sharp Rise In Russian Disinformation Since Crimea Seizure There has been a \significant increase\ in propaganda from Moscow.
The U.S.-Arab Relationship In The 'Age Of Trump' As Trump and Iran's Ayatollah Khamenei trade barbs, a nervous Arab world is caught in the middle.
Weekend Roundup The world watches warily as a nation of immigrants admired for living together in liberty under the rule of law changes course.
Hundreds Of Thousands Rally In Iran Against Trump, Chanting 'Death To America' The demonstrations erupted after the Trump administration warned that it had put the Islamic Republic \u201con notice.\u201d
French Authorities Foil Possible Terrorist Attack Four people were arrested over the suspected terror plans.
Massive Rescue Mission Underway After Hundreds Of Whales Found Beached In New Zealand Hope is \slipping away\ as volunteers race against time to save the surviving whales.
Donald Trump Suggests He May Not Move U.S. Embassy To Jerusalem The president also said he is \not someone who believes that advancing settlements is good for peace.\
Putin Welcomes Idea Of Meeting With Trump In Slovenia It's now Trump's call to accept, he said.
Trump Breaks The Ice With China's Xi In Letter Seeking 'Constructive' Ties The two leaders have yet to speak directly.
Russian Strike Kills 3 Turkish Soldiers In Syria AMMAN/ANKARA, Feb 9 (Reuters) - Russian air strikes accidentally killed three Turkish soldiers and wounded 11 others during
NATO Allies Lock In U.S. Support For Stand-Off With Russia The Western military alliance is determined to bolster its eastern flank.
Eiffel Tower To Get Anti-Terrorist Glass Barrier Round Base The project will cost around 20 million euros.
Health Clinics Already Hit By \u2018Catastrophic\u2019 Global Gag Rule The story of one family planning clinic in Nairobi shows how President Trump\u2019s decision to cut U.S. funding to any organization
Australia Just Realized Its Postal Chief Is Making 10 Times More Than Its Prime Minister A Senate committee in Australia published documents on Feb. 7 showing the salaries of senior executives at Australia Post
Yemen Denies Ban On U.S. Military Involvement Following Deadly Raid \However, we made clear our reservations about the last operation,\u201d a senior Yemeni official said.
REPORT The decision would, under Russian law, disqualify Navalny from running for president.
Iranian Baby Barred By Travel Ban Enters U.S. For Lifesaving Surgery Doctors treating the girl in Oregon say they're hopeful they can successfully manage her heart condition.
Trump Travel Ban Shows U.S. Misunderstanding Of Anti-Terror Duties \u201cThat is a grave threat not only to the safety and security of the United States, but that of others worldwide.\
France's Wild Presidential Race Is Mired In Scandal, Uncertainty Voters are hearing praise for Donald Trump and allegations of corruption and a gay affair.
Despite Trump's Isolationism, China Isn't Ready To Become The World's Moral Leader Xi's ongoing expansion of his own authority is not a foundation for moral leadership.
Protecting Militants By James M. Dorsey China, at the behest of Pakistan, has prevented the United Nations from listing a prominent Pakistani
Syria Killed Thousands In Secret Mass Hangings Inside Prison, Amnesty Reports The findings estimate between 5,000 and 13,000 detainees were executed over a four-year period at Sednaya prison.
Ali Khamenei Rejects Donald Trump's Threats Over Missiles Iran's leader said Trump had tried but failed to frighten Iranians.
Deadly Blast Rocks Afghan Supreme Court KABUL (Reuters) - At least 20 people were killed on Tuesday in a bomb blast outside the Supreme Court in the centre of the
Putin Signs Law Easing Penalty For Domestic Violence Critics say the move is a step backwards which will exonerate \u201ctyrants in the home\u201d and discourage victims from reporting abuse.
Russia's Lavrov Praises Trump's Approach On Ukraine There has been a \big and qualitative shift compared to the Obama\u2019s administration.\
Child Casualties In Afghanistan Rose A Grim 24 Percent Last Year Children are paying the price for decades of conflict in that country.
Cho Yoon-sun, Former South Korean Culture Minister, Indicted On Corruption Charges The indictments are the latest twist in a corruption scandal that has gripped the country for months.
Al Qaeda Leader Targeted In Botched Yemen Raid Taunts Donald Trump \u201cThe fool of the White House got slapped.\
Emboldened By Trump, Hungary Hardens Draconian Refugee Policies Budapest announced plans to detain asylum seekers for months while they await approval.
British Media Urge People To 'Romaine Calm' As Lettuce Crisis Grips UK As if Brexit wasn\u2019t enough to cope with, Britain is in the throes of a vegetable crisis. It started with zucchinis, known
Gambians Return To Their Homeland With Hopes Of Reform Hopes for Reform Pharing Sanyang, who served in the Gambian armed forces for many years, fled to Dakar in 2006 after surviving
China And U.S. Cannot Afford Conflict \Both sides will lose.\
The Tastes And Memories Of Syria That Unlocked A New Life In Brazil Fleeing the Syrian conflict, Muna Darweesh sought refuge in Brazil using a holiday visa. After a tough start, the refugee
British Mosques Open Doors For Tea And Interfaith Engagement In a climate of rising anti-Muslim rhetoric, the U.K. held its biggest \Visit My Mosque\ day yet.
Israel Retroactively Legalizes 4,000 Settler Homes The bill's passage may only be largely symbolic as it contravenes Israeli Supreme Court rulings on property rights.
Facebook, Google Join Drive Against Fake News In France As Election Nears Social networks and news aggregators came under fire during the U.S. presidential vote when it became clear they had inadvertently fanned false news reports.
Trump Is At War With Iran, Not ISIS Trump clearly has no intention of defeating terrorism.
To My Muslim Best Friend I stand beside you in a world seemingly growing more hostile to your faith.
India's NSG Trials and Trump In 2017, fully-fledged membership for India of the Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG), a most sought-after pronouncement on which
Shelling Flares Up In East Ukraine Ahead Of Trump's Kiev Call Kiev accused pro-Russian rebels of resuming artillery bombardments on the town of Avdiyivka.
Le Pen Kicks Off Campaign With Promise Of French 'Freedom' \u201cWe were told Donald Trump would never win in the United States against the media, against the establishment, but he won.\
Avalanche Kills At Least 50 In Afghanistan, Buries Village In Snow At least 9 other people were killed in neighboring Pakistan in a separate avalanche.
French Presidential Candidate Suggests Beleaguered U.S. Researchers Could Work In France \u201cFrance will be your homeland,\u201d he offered to academics and entrepreneurs as well.
How The British Royals Spent Super Bowl Sunday It involved raising funds for their mental health charity.
U.S. Defense Secretary Says No Need For 'Dramatic' Military Moves In South China Sea Jim Mattis also criticized Beijing for \u201cshredding the trust of nations in the region.\u201d
As Trump Eases Russian Sanctions, Norway Reveals A Kremlin Cyberattack \Cozy Bear\ operation targeted Labour Party, army and intelligence service.
The Olympic Swimmer Teaching Brazilian Kids How To Spot And Stop Abuse Traumatized by memories of abuse she suffered when she was nine years old, Brazilian Olympic swimmer Joanna Maranh\u00e3o became
Impoverished, Harassed And Alone When Kashmiri women lose their husbands to the ongoing conflict, their grief is often compounded by discrimination, ostracism
Vocal Putin Critic Hospitalized For Organ Failure Journalist Vladimir Kara-Murza's symptoms are similar to those he suffered after a 2015 poisoning.
French Soldier Fires On Armed Man Who Attacked Guard Outside The Louvre Museum, Police Say The man, who was armed with a knife, was seriously wounded.
North Korea Fires Head Of Secret Police For Corruption Kim Won Hong was removed from office in mid-January apparently on charges of corruption, abuse of power and human rights abuses.
U.S. Rolls Out New Iran Sanctions To 'Counter Iranian Military Activity' \Nothing is off the table,\ President Donald Trump said.
U.S. Warns North Korea Of 'Overwhelming' Response If They Use Nukes There's concern that North Korea could be readying to test a new ballistic missile.
It's Shaping Up To Be The Deadliest Winter On Record For Migrants The stretch of sea between Libya and Italy is one of the deadliest in the world.
Trump Defense Chief Mattis The White House promises to deter \the North\u2019s aggression.\u201d
Killers Are Paid Up To $300 Per Head In Philippines' Deadly War On Drugs Amnesty International investigation finds President Rodrigo Duterte's anti-drug campaign has created \an economy of murder.\
Khamenei Adviser Mocks 'Inexperienced' Trump, Says 'Useless' For U.S. To Threaten Iran Over Missile Test The White House said on Wednesday that Iran had been \formally put on notice.\
World Hijab Day Takes On Renewed Significance In The Age Of Trump A celebration in New York City was marked by a rally in support of Muslim Americans.
15,000 Somali Refugees Who Had Planned To Resettle In The U.S. Are Stranded Even if some are admitted to the U.S. this week, many more are suffering from drought and conflict amid Trump's immigration ban.
Romanian Government To 'Press Ahead' Despite Massive Anti-Corruption Protests A new law decriminalizing official misconduct has triggered nationwide outrage, but the ruling party isn't listening.
Starving Animals In Mosul's Zoo Receive First Food In Months When military advances began in Mosul, Nour Park was turned from a home for monkeys, horses and other animals into a staging ground for Islamic State.
Donald Trump Picks Fights With Iran, Mexico And Australia In A Span Of Just Days Diplomacy isn't his thing, OK?
Violence Erupts As Israeli Police Evict Settlers From Illegal West Bank Outpost \u201cA Jew doesn\u2019t evict a Jew!\u201d
Top Trump Aide Michael Flynn Puts Iran 'On Notice' Over Ballistic Missile Test The White House is stiffening its posture towards Tehran.
Iran's President Hassan Rouhani Calls Donald Trump A Political Novice Over Travel Ban \u201cIt will take him a long time and will cost the United States a lot, until he learns what is happening in the world.\u201d
Iran Confirms Missile Test, But Claims It Did Not Violate Nuclear Deal \The recent test was in line with our plans.\
Australian Politicians Are Gloating About Their Nation\u2019s Draconian Refugee Policy Among all the Western democracies that have spoken out against the Trump administration\u2019s controversial immigration order
Former UN Chief Ban Ki-moon Rules Out Running For President Of South Korea He made the announcement at an unscheduled news conference at parliament on Wednesday.
Fatima\u2019s Fate Desperate decisions on the road to refuge left a young Afghan mother disabled, bereaved and stranded. Her story illustrates
France\u2019s Socialist Candidate Is Calling For Universal Basic Income, Robot Tax, And Legal Weed After Brexit and the election of Donald Trump, all eyes are on France for another populist upset, with Marine Le Pen rising
More Than 100 World Heritage Sites Face Threat From Humanity \u201cThese sites have been inscribed by the United Nations as some of the most important, beautiful places on earth.\
The Philippines Halts Drug Raids To Crack Down On Corrupt Cops \Fight back so you\u2019ll end up dead,\u201d the police chief warned officers.
Prince Charles Warns That The Lessons Of WWII Risk Being Forgotten His remarks came amid condemnations of President Donald Trump's immigration ban before a Jewish charity.
Iran Defends Ballistic Missile Test, Says It Won't Attack Another Country \u201cNo Iranian missiles have been produced to carry nuclear warheads.\u201d
Masaya Nakamura, Executive Behind 'Pac-Man,' Dead At 91 The video game pioneer started his career operating rides at a Tokyo department store.
Austria Will Ban Full-Face Veil In Public Places A number of European countries are planning similar bans as far-right parties gain support.
Air France Union Urges Members To Refuse Work On U.S. Flights To Protest Trump's Order Airlines have already juggled crew rosters to make sure staff holding passports from the affected countries don\u2019t fall foul of the new rules.
Man Mistaken As Quebec Shooter Was Trying To Save Friend's Life Mohamed Belkhadir, who called police to the scene, said he understands how the error happened.
France Bans Free Soda Refills In Latest Effort To Fight Obesity The move follows several other health measures, including a soda tax.
After Astana Peace Talks, Obstacles Remain To Maintain Cease-Fire In Syria Russia, Turkey and Iran agreed to enforce a nationwide truce in Syria, in the hopes of paving the way for a future political
Viber Offers Free Calls To Countries Affected By Refugee, Travel Ban \u201cThose affected will now have one less barrier to cross when trying to reach their loved ones.\u201d
This 9-Year-Old Syrian Refugee Wants Other Children To 'Fly Like A Bird' \My dream was to fly like a bird. And their dream is of bread buried in the sand.\
Tens Of Thousands Of Brits Take To The Streets To Protest Trump's Travel Ban But demonstrators were also frustrated with British Prime Minister Theresa May, criticizing her for not speaking out against the U.S. president's executive order.
U.S. Official Confirms Iran Carried Out Ballistic Missile Test WASHINGTON, Jan 30 (Reuters) - Iran on Sunday carried out a test launch of a medium-range ballistic missile that exploded
Angela Merkel's Censure Of Donald Trump's Executive Order Puts Theresa May To Shame \u201cThat way of thinking is against my interpretation of the basic tenets of international refugee support and cooperation,\ Merkel said.
Netanyahu's Support Of Donald Trump Is Already Causing Him Problems The PM tweeted praise for Trump's plan to build a wall on the U.S. border with Mexico.
Americans Are Using #WeTooAreAmerica To Share Their Immigration Stories \My father escaped the Nazi occupation by coming to US by visa... Grateful that the immigration policy saved his life - & mine.\
U.S. Commando Dies In Yemen Raid That Kills Around 30 People It was the first combat casualty of the Trump administration and its first operation in the war-damaged Arabian Peninsula nation against a powerful al Qaeda branch that has been a frequent target of U.S. drone strikes.
Duterte Accuses U.S. Of Building 'Permanent' Arsenal In Philippines The Philippine president's comments come after the Pentagon gave the green light to build warehouses, barracks and runways this year under a 2014 Enhanced Defence Cooperation Agreement (EDCA) between the two longtime allies.
Three Chinese Tourists Dead, Six People Missing In Borneo Shipwreck The boat, a catamaran, had failed to arrive at popular tourist spot Mengalum island after departing Kota Kinabalu, the capital of the eastern Malaysian state of Sabah, on Saturday morning.
Brits Slam Theresa 'The Appeaser' May For Refusal To Condemn Trump's Refugee Ban \#TheresaTheAppeaser refuses to upset her new best mate. I'm so embarrassed to be British...\
Creating A Comic Book In One Of The Worst Countries In The World To Be A Child The Central African Republic (CAR) is one of the worst countries in the world to be a child. Sitting second only to Niger
Justin Trudeau To Refugees Trudeau was one of many world leaders to speak out against Trump's xenophobic refugee restrictions.
World Leaders React To The Reality Of A Trump Presidency Many of the presidential memorandums and executive decisions will fundamentally affect countries around the globe.
U.N. Agencies Urge Trump To Allow Refugees Entry \u201cThe needs of refugees and migrants worldwide have never been greater.\
Five Iraqis, One Yemeni Barred From Cairo-New York Flight After Trump Ban The passengers were prevented from boarding despite holding valid immigration visas.
Iran To Ban U.S. Visitors In Retaliation To Trump Order \u201cThe restrictions against travel by Muslims to America... are an open affront against the Muslim world and the Iranian nation in particular.\
Vladimir Putin, Donald Trump Plan Cooperation In Syria Against Isis There was no mention of sanctions in the Kremlin statement.
Trump Refugee Order Dashes Hopes Of Iraqis Who Helped The U.S. \u201cMr. Trump, the new president, killed our dreams.\u201d
Donald Trump Withdraws Proposal To Create Safe Zones In Syria The controversial policy would pose a number of logistical and political problems.
Russians At Home And In America Expect Trump To Deliver -- But On What Depends Their views on what his promises entail differ dramatically.
It Is Un-American To Reject Refugees They need our help, not our hostility.
Weekend Roundup Brexit and Trump victories have energized Europe\u2019s ultra-nationalist parties.
Photos Reveal The Brutal Reality Ignored By Trump's Refugee Ban The president is scared of Syrian refugees. They're scared of freezing to death in their own homes.
Berlin Mayor To Donald Trump \We Berliners know better than most the pain caused when a whole continent is split by barbed wire and walls.\
The China-Taiwan Dispute Is Fast Becoming A Divisive Issue In South Africa President Trump is not the only one sparking outrage over the violation of a \one China\ policy.
Donald Trump's Rumored EU Ambassador Says He Could Help Bring It Down He has never been a fan of the union.
Americans Respond To Trump's Plans For Country With #NoBanNoWall \During the Holocaust, fear of the vulnerable killed many in my family. \nI refuse to let this happen again.\n#NoBanNoWall\
In U.S. Visit, Theresa May Calls On Trump To Stand United However, Britain's PM also said she condemned the use of torture and would stick to UK policy.
Transgender Refugees In Pakistan Fear Death Upon Return Home To Afghanistan \I don\u2019t want to go back to Afghanistan to get butchered.\
The Rise Of Europe\u2019s Far-Right Is 'A Wake-Up Call\u2019 For Democracy, Says Turkish Novelist \We cannot leave patriotism to the nationalists. ... And we cannot leave emotions to populist demagogues,\ says Elif Shafak.
North Korean Elite Turning Against Leader Kim Jong Un, Defector Says \u201cWe have to spray gasoline on North Korea, and let the North Korean people set fire to it.\u201d
\u2018Biased\u2019 Changes To Egypt\u2019s Divorce Laws Over Custody Prompt Outcry An amendment that would give custody of children to their father if their mother remarries has sparked outrage among Egyptian
Trump's Executive Orders May Be Disastrous For Millions Around The World Halting refugee resettlement and cutting U.N. funding imperils vulnerable people and  endangers U.S. national security.
Sri Lanka Is Suffering Its Worst Drought In 40 Years Reservoirs are shrinking, and rice paddies are parched and empty.
\u2018An Invitation To Kill\u2019 Foreign intervention and the many proxy groups fighting on all sides of the conflict in Syria have further polarized the
Russian Law Easing Penalties On Domestic Violence Sails Through Parliament \u201cThis law calls for the exoneration of tyrants in the home,\ said the executive director of one women's shelter.
Syria Talks End With Russia, Iran And Turkey Claiming They Will Enforce Ceasefire It is not immediately clear if the Syrian opposition backed the communique.
Merkel Calls For A More Open World German chancellor says it's counterproductive to try \to solve problems with polarization.\
Israel Announces Plans For 2,500 New Settlement Homes Some of the homes will be built in Beit El, a settlement that has reportedly received funding from the family of Trump\u2019s son-in-law.
UN Issues Appeal For Further $4.6 Billion To Help Syrian Refugees \u201cFunding for Syria remains insufficient to respond to what remains one of the worst humanitarian crises in the world today.\
Parliament Approval Required Before UK Can Trigger Brexit, Top Court Rules The PM intends to invoke Article 50 before the end of March but the ruling means she must now first bring forward urgent legislation before she can go ahead.
Japan Launches First Military Communications Satellite Amid Rising Regional Tensions Tokyo and Beijing are locked in a territorial dispute in the East China Sea.
China Responds To Sean Spicer, Insists It Will Protect South China Sea Sovereignty \The United States is not a party to the South China Sea dispute.\u201d
Expectations Low As Syria's Warring Sides Meet In Kazakhstan The Trump administration didn't send any representatives to the peace talks.
Justin Trudeau Praises Women's March As Inspirational The Canadian prime minister offered a bilingual message of support.
Israel Lifts Restrictions On Settlement Building In East Jerusalem The decision came on the same day as the first phone conversation between Trump and Netanyahu since the inauguration.
Train Derails In Eastern India, Killing At Least 39 People And Injuring 50 Video footage from the scene showed members of the disaster management team and locals trying to rescue trapped passengers from windows and debris using phones to provide light.
Has Society Become Desensitized To The Pain Inflicted On So Many Refugees? According to World Atlas Syria is the biggest source of refugees in the world with over 4 million people evading the conflict
West African Troops Enter Gambia's Capital After Dictator's Departure The country's new president said Yahya Jammeh appears to have left the state coffers behind empty.
Gambia's Dictator Jammeh Flees Country After Stepping Down He is likely headed to live in exile.
France's Far-Right Leader Calls On Europeans To Follow U.S. And 'Wake Up' Marine Le Pen made the comments to a rally of supporters in Germany.
16 Killed After Bus Carrying Students Bursts Into Flames In Italy The tragedy occurred near the northern city of Verona.
Asian Media Decry Isolationist Donald Trump, Fear Economic, Diplomatic Turmoil \u201cHas there ever been a new U.S. administration that began by spreading unease, not expectations, throughout the world?\u201d
Thousands Protest Donald Trump As 'Sister Marches' Begin In Australia, New Zealand \u201cFeminism is my Trump card.\u201d
Italy Bus Accident Leaves Sixteen Dead, Mostly Hungarian Teenagers \u201cMany children among the victims of the accident in Verona.\
Turkey\u2019s State of Emergency Decrees Are Horrible For Democracy Erdogan appears to be using State of Emergency Decree powers to shape the future of Turkey.
Women's Marches Rally Millions In Cities Around The World The world saw a wave of protests one day after Donald Trump became president of the United States.
South Sudanese Women Are Making Moonshine To Survive Barely able to feed themselves and their families, South Sudanese women in refugee camps are swapping their rations for ingredients
The View From Moscow An independent Russian journalist says the new U.S. president has a lot in common with Vladimir Putin.
Germany Says U.S. Under President Trump Must Abide By Trade Deals \We will naturally insist that agreements are upheld.\u201d
Donald Trump Inauguration Prompts Celebration In Russia \His warm words about Russia and Putin have given us hope.\
Eight Survivors Found After Massive Italy Avalanche More than 30 people were in the building when the snow slammed into it.
El Chapo Pleads Not Guilty To Drug Charges The drug kingpin appeared in court in Brooklyn, New York on Friday.
Germany Must Prepare For 'Rough Ride' Under Donald Trump \What we heard today were high nationalistic tones.\
Trudeaubama It's the end of a (tragically short-lived) era.
Avalanche Destroys Italian Hotel After Series Of Quakes, 30 Feared Dead \We've called out but we've heard no replies, no voices.\
Senegal Sends Troops Into Gambia In Support of New President The incumbent leader has been in power since 1994 and has refused to concede.
U.S. Bombers Strike ISIS Targets In Libya WASHINGTON, Jan 19 (Reuters) - More than 80 Islamic State militants, some of whom were believed to be plotting attacks in
It's Only January And Migrant Deaths In The Mediterranean Are Already Climbing \It is a tragic start to the new year,\ one migration official said.
Israel's Right Wing Has Grand Plans For Trump Era \u201cThe question is not what will Trump do but what will Israel ask for.\
North Korea May Test-Launch Missile Around Donald Trump's Inauguration, South Korea Warns Kim Jong Un said the country's missile program was in its \last stage\ earlier this month.
Dozens Of Firefighters Injured When Blazing High-Rises Collapses In Tehran \u201cIt was like a horror movie. The building collapsed in front of me.\u201d
Russia Extends Edward Snowden's Residency By Another Couple Of Years In 2013, Snowden leaked classified information about the National Security Agency's global surveillance programs.
I\u2019m A Refugee. In America, I Felt Safe For The First Time. Now All I Feel Is Fear. My family and I are part of the American story. I hope Americans under President Trump see us for who we are.
Gambia President Yahya Jammeh To Stay In Office For 3 More Months, Despite Losing Election So much for a peaceful transition of power.
From Brothers To Enemies A portrait of how Syria\u2019s war has carved homes into fighting factions, told through the story of Um Mahmoud, a Damascus mother
Julian Assange's Extradition Plans Unclear After Chelsea Manning Granted Clemency The WikiLeaks founder has been hiding out at the Ecuadorian embassy in London for nearly five years.
British Prime Minister Expected To Confirm UK's Exit From Single Market LONDON, Jan 16 (Reuters) - Britain will not seek a Brexit deal that leaves it \u201chalf in, half out\u201d of the European Union, Prime
Theresa May Confirms U.K. Will Pursue Hard Brexit She said the final deal will be subject to a Parliament vote.
Gambia Voted To Oust Its Dictator, But He Isn't Going Quietly Fears are growing over what will happen when Yahya Jammeh's presidency expires this week.
Russians Mint 'In Trump We Trust' Coin Ahead Of U.S. Inauguration The coins come in both silver and gold, with a cherubic image of the incoming president.
China's Xi Positions Himself As Champion Of Globalization At Davos The Chinese president implicitly rebuked Donald Trump on free trade and climate change in his first-ever speech at the World Economic Forum.
Germany Says NATO Concerned About Trump 'Obsolete' Remark U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said Trump's remarks were \u201cinappropriate\.
Putin He also accused the outgoing U.S. administration of trying to undermine the president-elect's legitimacy.
Deep-Sea Search For Missing Malaysia Airlines Jet Ends Without Success The plane vanished in 2014 with 239 people on board.
Iceland\u2019s Tourism Boom Offers Lessons to Arctic Nations Tourism is now Iceland\u2019s No. 1 industry, but this transformation hasn\u2019t come without growing pains. Other northern regions can take note as they assess their own potential.
South Korea Prosecutor To Seek Arrest Warrant For Samsung Group Chief Jay Y. Lee Jay Y. Lee may face several charges, including bribery, over his alleged role in a corruption scandal that could unseat President Park Geun-hye.
Donald Trump Says Refugee Crisis And Threats To UK Identity Drove Brexit \People don't want to have other people coming in and destroying their country.\
Beijing Pledges To 'Take Off The Gloves' If Trump Keeps Pressing On Taiwan \A period of fierce, damaging interactions will be unavoidable,\ a state-run paper said.
Dozens Reported Dead As Syrian Army Fights Islamic State It's the heaviest fighting that the city of Deir al-Zor has experienced in a year.
At Least Five Dead In Shooting At Mexico Music Festival Quintana Roo State Attorney General Miguel Angel Pech said 15 people were injured, of whom 7 were still in hospital. The state government said in a statement that one person was in grave condition.
Turkish Cargo Jet Crashes In Kyrgyzstan Village, Killing At Least 37 Most of the victims were residents of a village struck by the Boeing 747 as it tried to land in dense fog
Duterte Says He May Impose Martial Law If Drug Problem Worsens \No one can stop me,\ he said.
Istanbul Nightclub Attacker Arrested, Turkish Media Report The attack left 39 people dead at Istanbul's Reina nightclub.
Come With Me On An Adventure With The Kurds Fighting ISIS This is a logbook in images, a view of a war that is unfinished but is of global importance.
Qatar's Backtrack On Labor Rights And Cooperation With Russia Reflects New World Order By James M. Dorsey A Qatari decision to backtrack on minimal improvements of the terms of employment of migrant workers, who
Trump Says Merkel Made A 'Catastrophic Mistake'  With Refugee Policy Trump criticized the German chancellor in an interview with the Times of London.
Iran Says It Will Not Renegotiate Nuclear Deal \u201cThere will be no renegotiation and the (agreement) will not be reopened,\u201d said Araqchi, Iran\u2019s top nuclear negotiator at the talks.
Brazil Prison Riot Kills At Least 27 Inmates, Reports Say Members of a drug gang are believed to have started the violence.
Archaeologists Discover New Possible Link To Anne Frank A unique pendant found in a former Nazi death camp looks similar to one she owned.
UK Prime Minister Urges Unity Amid Reports Of 'Hard Brexit' Theresa May will call on Britons to come togethers in a speech this week.
This Case Against Banks That Allegedly Enabled ISIS Could Be Groundbreaking If successful, it would pave the way for future legal actions.
Civilians in War Zone Skeptical of America's Sudan Deal This year could be the first time in five years Ibrahim Haron enjoys a bomb-free existence. The possibility comes from a
An Aleppoite\u2019s Take on the Aleppo Tragedy Most of us Americans can\u2019t seem to figure out the complexities of \u2015 let alone the solutions to \u2015 one of the most devastating
Cubans Stranded On Mexican Border After Obama's 11th-Hour Change They can\u2019t enter U.S., and many say they fear returning.
Major Powers Warn Trump Over Middle East Peace At Paris Meeting Some 70 countries reaffirmed that only a two-state solution between Israelis and Palestinians could resolve the conflict.
Palestinian President Abbas Says U.S. Embassy Move Would Hurt Peace \We hope it does not happen\u201d
Trump Team Struggles For Cohesion On Tougher China Policy Members of the incoming administration have conveyed contradictory messages on issues involving China and the U.S.
Austria's Anti-Immigrant Freedom Party Calls For Ban On 'Fascistic Islam' \u201cWe need zero and minus immigration.\u201d
It's The Arab Spring For Dictators The biggest threat to the Arab Spring six years after its inception remains authoritarianism.
7 Forgotten World Crises That Urgently Need Your Support The world\u2019s humanitarian needs are growing. So is the aid gap.
Assad Linked To Syrian Chemical Attacks For First Time The probe shows the decision to use toxic weapons came from the very top.
Syria Accuses Israel Of Striking Key Military Airport Syrian Army command warned Tel Aviv of the repercussions of what it said was a \u201cflagrant\u201d attack.
U.S. Needs To 'Wage War' To Block South China Sea Access, Chinese Tabloid Says U.S. Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson suggested the strategy.
Governments Need To Step Up And Help Migrants Dying Of Cold In Greece, U.N. Says \It\u2019s about saving lives, not about red tape and keeping to bureaucratic arrangements,\ a UNICEF spokeswoman said.
Justin Trudeau Throws Some Grade-A Shade At Donald Trump \There are things that we hold dear that the Americans haven\u2019t prioritized.\
Palm Oil Products Are Being Pulled From Some Stores In Italy After A Report Linking It To Cancer Some palm oil products being removed from supermarket shelves around the world as a result of a report that suggested the
Activists Urge U.N. To Probe Russia, Iran War Crimes In Syria They include targeting of hospitals in airstrikes.
Extreme Weather In Europe Endangers Most Vulnerable Refugees They've already been living outdoors for months without any hope of successful relocation.
U.S. Military Thirty-three civilians were killed last November when a U.S. and Afghan special forces unit returned fire against Taliban fighters and called in air support.
Avoiding China's Wrath, Philippines Defers Upgrades To South China Sea President Rodrigo Duterte wants friendlier relations with Beijing.
North Korean Cargo Ship Sinks Off Japan, All Crew Rescued Japan and North Korea have long had strained ties.
Samsung Leader Jay Y. Lee Named A Suspect In South Korea Political Probe Prosecutors are looking into whether Samsung payments were connected to a 2015 decision by the national pension fund to back a controversial merger of two group affiliates.
French Presidential Hopeful Fillon Says Country Needs Immigration Quotas \u201cI want France to be able to decide every year the number of people it can accept on its territory,\u201d he said.
Chinese Bomber Flies Around Spratlys In Show Of Force, U.S. Official Says It was the second time a Chinese plane flew over the South China Sea in 2017.
Mexican President Enrique Pe\u00f1a Nieto Says Country Will Not Pay For U.S. Border Wall President-Elect Donald Trump repeatedly stated during his campaign that the U.S. was going to build a border wall and that Mexico would pay for it.
Kind Strangers Create Warm Beds For Istanbul's Street Dogs During Blizzard Cats, too.
American And Australian Hostages Shown In New Video Released By Taliban The two captive men are shown pleading with the U.S. government to negotiate their release.
Muslim Girls Must Attend Mixed Swim Class, European Court Rules Mandatory school activities overrode religious convictions.
Afghan Officials Probe Attacks As Death Toll Rises To At Least 50 The country has experienced a steady increase in attacks since international troops ended combat operations in 2014.
Migrants Battle Freezing Temperatures And Cold Shoulder At Hungarian Border They're camping outdoors in sub-zero temperatures.
China\u2019s First Domestic Violence Law Still Needs Work, Say Activists In December 2015, the Chinese government passed the country\u2019s landmark first bill against domestic violence. But one year
Northern Ireland Government Tries To Avert Collapse After Deputy Leader's Resignation An early election is \highly likely\ as a result.
Civilian Death Toll Mounts As Iraqi Forces Push On In Mosul The so-called Islamic State likes to use innocent people as shields.
Suicide Bombing Near Afghan Parliament Kills More Than 30 The Afghan Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack.
Germany Is Being Sued Over Its Forgotten Genocide The descendants of the people massacred in Germany\u2019s forgotten genocide 110 years ago are suing the present-day Berlin government
Trump May Actually Be The Greatest Gift China Could Ask For In Africa And it\u2019s ironic given the growing consensus that Beijing is the U.S. president-elect's enemy number one.
Turkey's Erdogan Aims To Capitalize On A Trump Presidency The Turkish President wants better ties and an extradition of exiled cleric Fethullah Gulen.
German Government Closely Watching Reports Of Russian Fake News Campaign Intelligence agency reports claimed there were Russian efforts to affect Germany's upcoming election.
Extreme Frosts And Storms Kill Dozens In Central Europe Temperatures in some areas dipped below -22 degrees Farenheit.
Pakistan Claims To Test Fire First Submarine-Launched Nuclear Capable Missile The military said the missile was fired from an undisclosed location in the Indian Ocean.
Iraqi Forces Reach The Tigris River In Mosul In Fight Against ISIS The embattled militant group is still in control of the western half of the city.
Iran's Former President Ayatollah Rafsanjani Dead At 82 Rafsanjani was an influential figure and head of the Expediency Council.
At Least 20 Killed In Baghdad Suicide Bombings Blasts at two marketplaces left many dead and wounded.
At Least 4 Dead In Jerusalem Truck-Ramming Attack An Israeli bus driver who witnessed the incident said on the radio the truck plowed into a group of soldiers, and that they fired on the driver, who reversed direction and ran over them again.
North Korea Claims It Can Test ICBM At Any Time U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter called North Korea's nuclear program a \serious threat\ to the United States.
Fuel Truck Blast Kills Dozens In North Syrian Border Town The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said at least 43 people were killed.
U.S. Consular Official Shot In Mexico, In Stable Condition Mexican federal and state officials are investigating the incident.
Weekend Roundup Fake news and hacking highlight a troubled democratic discourse.
Israel, Obama And The United Nations I am an unwavering proponent of the two-state solution in the Middle East. And I continue to think that, even battered and
Iranians Are Dissatisfied In the lead-up to Iran's presidential elections, a new Zogby Research Services (ZRS) poll shows that the Iranian people are
India's Bengaluru Metropolis Is Becoming Increasingly Dangerous For Women This year marks a decade since my family moved to Bangalore. On our arrival, in 2007, the city was still known more for its
At Least 33 Prisoners Killed In New Brazil Prison Uprising Security experts have predicted more violence in Brazil\u2019s gang-controlled prison system.
U.S.-backed Force Seizes Syria Citadel From Islamic State Militia groups are trying to free Raqqa province from the group.
Russia Begins Drawdown Of Forces In Syria Russia\u2019s naval fleet will be the first to return from Syria.
Turkey Detains 18 Over Izmir Attack And the government sees the PKK as responsible.
Shamed And Abandoned Women being held in Syria\u2019s government prisons report psychological abuse, sexual assault and torture. But for many, the
Vietnamese Refugee In Canada Now Helping Syrian Family Resettle Thuy Nguyen, who was uprooted by war, is now paying it forward.
Iranian Millennials Resisting the Culture of Violence Through Nonviolence In the past couple of weeks, two important events considerably captured much of the attentions of Iranians, both inside and
Turkey at the Crossroads Somehow, someway, we thought we could leave the chaos of 2016 behind us. That we could close the door on a year of horrific
What It Means That The Russian Ambassador To Turkey Was Assassinated By A Radicalized Militant Jihadi Off\u2010Duty Turkish Police Officer By Ahmet S Yayla, Ph.D. & Anne Speckhard, Ph.D. The Russian Ambassador to Turkey, Andrey Karlov, was shot and killed in an
Chilling Photos Of What Refugees Left Behind At Lesbos Beach For many people, the island is the first glimpse of Europe after crossing the Aegean Sea.
Chinese State Media Threatens Donald Trump With \u2018Big Sticks\u2019 If He Pushes For A Trade War The warning was made in response to Trump\u2019s selection of Robert Lighthizer as U.S. trade representative.
Beijing Engulfed By Major Fog For Second Day In A Row The fog alert in the smoggy city has never been this high.
U.S. To Transfer 4 Guantanamo Bay Detainees To Saudi Arabia If the final transfers go according to plan, only about 40 prisoners will remain at Guantanamo.
China Makes Major Investment In Renewable Power Generation The investment will create over 13 million jobs in the sector.
Turkey Says Istanbul Nightclub Attacker Probably Uighur Security services now know where he might be hiding, the deputy prime minister said.
U.S. And European Weapons Used To Commit War Crimes In Iraq Shi\u2019ite Muslim militias have reportedly been using using weapons from Iraqi military stockpiles.
Several Wounded After Blast Strikes Turkey's Izmir The explosion occurred near a courthouse.
Russia Offers Philippines Weapons And Close Friendship It's a strategic pivot as U.S.-Philippine relations have deteriorated.
The Istanbul Nightclub Attack Finally United A Divided Country Perhaps there\u2019s something Turkey and the West can learn from this tragedy
As Venezuela\u2019s Economy Collapses, Talent Leaves The Country Musicians once considered the voice of resistance find themselves unable to support themselves at home.
Trump's North Korea Red Line Could Come Back To Haunt Him Military action against Pyongyang is fraught with huge dangers.
Israeli Soldier Convicted Of Manslaughter In Killing Of Immobile Palestinian Assailant Sentencing of the 20-year-old sergeant will be handed down at a later date.
Nearly 160 Inmates Escape After Suspected Rebels Storm Philippine Jail At least one guard was killed in the incident.
Finland Is Starting A National Experiment To Try To Prove A Basic Income Doesn\u2019t Make People Lazy By now you\u2019ve probably heard of universal basic income. Giving everyone a set amount of money is billed as the solution to
Over 2000 Iraqis A Day Fleeing Mosul Amid Military Advance A grinding offensive is underway to take back the occupied city from ISIS.
Massive Fire Burns At Least 100 Homes In Chile The fire prompted the evacuation of nearly 400 people.
Powerful 7.2 Magnitude Earthquake Hits Off The Coast Of Fiji The quake struck southwest of the South Pacific nation on Tuesday.
Moscow Seeks Naval Drills As Russian Warships Visit Manila \u201cOur governments will maybe discuss in some period of time the possibilities of our maritime exercises.\u201d
Reprint Of Hitler's 'Mein Kampf' Takes Germany By Storm The book describes the Nazi leader's ideology and hatred of Jews.
Britain's EU Envoy Abruptly Resigns Just Months Before Formal Brexit Talks The resignation is the second by a senior British EU official in the wake of the referendum.
France Just Made Every Citizen An Organ Donor, Unless They Opt Out The law came into effect Jan. 1.
The ISIS Istanbul Reina Night Club Attack ISIS attacked again in Turkey, this time on New Year\u2019s Eve in the Reina Night Club, one of the most well-known and crowded
Around 60 Killed In Brazilian Prison Riot Sparked By Rival Drug Gangs The violence took hours to control as deadly fighting rampaged through the jail.
Dual Suicide Bombings Hit Police Stations In Iraqi City Of Samarra The bombings add to a deadly day in Iraq after dozens were killed in Baghdad.
Turkey Mourns As Funerals Begin For Victims Of Istanbul Terror Attack Images capture scenes of grief and respect for the victims of the deadly shooting.
ISIS Kills At Least 24 In Baghdad Bombing, Cut Key Road To Mosul The militant group is trying to hold off an enormous advance on the occupied city of Mosul.
Police Question Israeli PM Netanyahu Over Corruption Allegations Israel's Attorney General authorized the questioning after a preliminary inquiry found enough evidence to proceed.
ISIS Claims Istanbul Nightclub Attack That Claimed 39 The gunman remains at large.
Think that 2016 Was A Tough Year For Saudi Arabia? Wait Till You See 2017 By James M. Dorsey 2016 was not a good year for Saudi Arabia. Sharply lower oil prices sparked a domestic financial crisis
Myanmar Vows Action After Video Shows Police Beating Rohingya Muslims Footage showed villagers being violently treated during a government crackdown.
New Evidence Suggests Massive Fire Helped Sink The Titanic An expert says he's uncovered photos showing fire played a bigger part in the ship's demise than previously thought.
23 Killed, Dozens Injured After Fire Rips Through Indonesian Tourist Boat Sea accidents are frequent in Indonesia, a sprawling archipelago, with vessels often overloaded and having too few life jackets on boat.
Cologne Police Screen Hundreds Of Mostly North African Men On New Year's Eve Police deny the screenings and arrests, meant to prevent assaults, amounted to racial profiling.
Gunman Kills At Least 11 People In Brazil New Year's Party Mass Shooting The shooter killed himself following the murders.
North Korea Rings In New Year With Promises Of Intercontinental Missile Leader Kim Jong Un said the country was a \power of the East that cannot be touched by even the strongest enemy.\u201d
At Least 800 Migrants Attempt To Cross Into Spain From Morocco Dozens of migrants made it to the top of the six-meter barbed wire fence early on Sunday before being lifted down by cranes.
Here Are The Most Breathtaking New Year's Eve Fireworks Displays Who did it better? \ud83d\udca5\u2728
Gunman Kills At Least 39 In Attack On Istanbul Nightclub The attacker opened fire at random in the Reina nightclub just over an hour into the new year.
In Final New Year's Message, Hollande Takes Subtle Jab At National Front \u201cThere are periods in history when everything may change dramatically. We\u2019re in one of them.\
Baghdad Blasts Kill 29 As Mosul Fighting Intensifies Islamic State has continued to launch attacks in the heavily fortified capital.
Starting In 2017, French Workers Will Be Legally Protected From Off-Hours Work Email Respect the \right to disconnect.\
U.N. Security Council Endorses Syria Ceasefire Brokered By Russia And Turkey The truce was announced earlier this week.
China Considering Strong Measures To Contain Taiwan \If Trump challenges 'one China' after becoming president, this would cross our red line.\
Can Korea-Japan Relations Survive 2017? Mintaro Oba worked at the U.S. Department of State on Korea-Japan issues until September 2016. These are his personal views
U.S.-Russia Relations Are Increasingly Unpredictable -- And Syria Is On The Line Trump's stance on the conflict may not be enough to push Putin's agenda.
This Photo Of A Trump Billboard In Mumbai Is Real, And So Is The Dark Irony Let them eat cake.
Brazil Investigators Say Greek Ambassador Was Murdered By Wife's Lover RIO DE JANEIRO (Reuters) - Brazilian investigators said on Friday that a policeman in Rio de Janeiro confessed to stabbing
Syria Ceasefire, Backed By Russia And Turkey, Holds After Initial Clashes The pause in violence is the latest attempt to end nearly six years of bloodshed.
Theresa May, Edging Towards Donald Trump, Scolds John Kerry Over Israel \u201cWe do not believe that it is appropriate to attack the composition of the democratically-elected government of an ally.\u201d
These Graphics Show How Terrible Climate Change Was In 2016 Here are some of this year\u2019s most extreme weather events caused, in part, by climate change.
Vladimir Putin Says Russia Will Not Deport U.S. Diplomats In Response To Hacking Sanctions \u201cWe will not expel anyone.\u201d
Year-End Roundup A search for identity amid the swell of anonymous forces from globalization to technology drove this year\u2019s anti-elite political upheaval.
How I Teach My Students To Be On Guard Against Fake News We need to teach all students critical thinking skills, and we need to start when they\u2019re young.
Argentina Reopens Case Accusing Ex-President Of Bombing Cover Up The prosecutor who first brought the allegation died mysteriously last year.
Iraqi Forces Begin Second Phase Of Massive Mosul Offensive Security forces are in locked in a fierce battle to take back the city from ISIS.
While The Rest Of The World Retreats, China Expands Investment In The Arab World As chaos consumes large portions of the region, Beijing is sending in cash.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte Threatens To Throw Corrupt Officials Out Of A Helicopter The fiery-tempered former prosecutor also says he's done it before and has no qualms about doing it again.
Syria Cease-Fire Takes Effect Between Government And Some Rebel Groups Russia announced the move, as the U.S. has been sidelined in recent negotiations.
China Warns U.S. Against Allowing Stopover For Taiwan's President Tsai \u201cWe hope the U.S. can abide by the \u2018one China\u2019 policy...and not let her pass through their border.\
Four Million In Damascus Without Safe Drinking Water After Springs Targeted Infrastructure was deliberately damaged, according to the U.N.
Trump Can Actually Create Jobs And Security For Americans With China And Mexico's Help His $1 trillion infrastructure effort could join up with the China-led Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank to build a \u201csolar border.\u201d
U.S. Expels 35 Russian Diplomats, Closes Two Compounds \These actions were taken to respond to Russian harassment of American diplomats.\
Global Press Freedom Has Taken An \u2018Unbelievable\u2019 Hit This Year At least 53 journalists have been deliberately killed in 2016 for doing their jobs.
6 Stories From 2016 That Made Us See The World Differently From humane prisons in Norway to Colombian rebels preparing to give up their guns, these are some of our favorite features of the year.
John Kerry \u201cWe cannot, in good conscience, do nothing, and say nothing.\
Russia Officials Admit Sports Doping, Say Not State-Sponsored More than 1,000 Russian competitors in more than 30 sports were involved in a conspiracy.
Benjamin Netanyahu Kerry \u201cobsessively dealt with settlements.\u201d
German Authorities Detain Tunisian Man For Possible Link To Berlin Attack Anis Amri, who carried out the attack, had the unnamed man's number stored in his phone.
Israel Approves Settler Building In East Jerusalem Ahead Of Kerry Speech The approval came after Israel postponed authorization of hundreds of other homes ahead of a speech on the Middle East by the U.S. secretary of state.
Russia, Turkey Reportedly Agree On Syria Ceasefire Plan Ankara will not budge on its opposition to Syrian President Bashar Assad staying in power.
Freezing Rain Sparks Impromptu Ice Skating In Canadian Streets Oh, Canada!
The Soviet Union And Russia This week marks the 25th anniversary of the fall of the Soviet Union. Its collapse was inconceivable at the time. The Soviet
This Indian Comic Book Is Tackling The Taboo Of Periods In India, when a girl starts her period she can become isolated, leading to her dropping out of school and marrying young
Israel Pressing Ahead With Settlements Despite UN Resolution The Israeli government is outraged that the U.S. chose to abstain from vetoing the resolution.
Cuba Bans Naming Statues Or Public Places After Fidel Castro The law was passed in accordance with the deceased leader's wishes.
Russia Calls U.S. Move To Better Arm Syrian Rebels A 'Hostile Act' The Kremlin says that the move puts Russian forces under direct threat.
Black Box Found In Wreckage Of Russian Military Plane That Crashed In Black Sea The plane was carrying dozens of Red Army Choir singers and dancers to Syria to entertain Russian troops.
Ex-Argentine President Fernandez Indicted, Tied To Nuns And Guns Scandal Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner was indicted on charges of running a corruption scheme.
The Shame Of Aleppo The pyramid of martyrs indeed haunts the Earth. And the Earth groans under its weight. That is where we stand.
Syrian Medical Facilities Were Attacked More Than 250 Times This Year But Damascus and Moscow \u2015 whose warplanes launched the vast majority of such assaults \u2015 still deny that hospitals are being targeted.
Refugees Take Us Inside Their Fight For Survival In This Harrowing Film Displaced people use  camera phone footage to highlight life on the run in \Exodus.\
Russia Mourns 92 Killed In Black Sea Jet Crash As Hunt For Black Box Continues Officials have said pilot error or a technical fault were most likely to blame for the tragedy.
Bomb Threat Sparks Mass Evacuation Of 3 Moscow Railway Stations Police did not find any explosive devices during a search of the stations.
Netanyahu Seeks To Rally Israelis Around Him In Anti-Obama Assault The Israeli prime minister's criticism of the Obama administration continues.
Human Error Led To Colombia Soccer Plane Crash, Authorities Say The crash killed 71 people last month, including most of Brazil's Chapecoense soccer team.
Suicide Bomber Killed In Attack On Market In Northeast Nigeria Police said that a female bomber was the only person killed in the blast.
China Lodges Complaint Over Taiwan's Place In U.S. Defense Bill China accuses the U.S. of interfering in its internal affairs.
Typhoon Slams Into Central Philippines, Cutting Off Power Around 218,000 people fled to evacuation centers after authorities warned of storm surges and flooding in coastal villages and low-lying areas.
Why Putin's Russia Is A Greater Threat Than ISIS Who is the greater threat to world peace \u2014 the Islamic State or Vladimir Putin\u2019s Russia? The barbarism of ISIS shocks and
China's Aircraft Carrier Enters South China Sea Amid Renewed Tensions China says it is a routine military exercise.
Syria-Bound Russian Military Jet Crashes, Killing All 92 On Board The TU-154 military aircraft crashed in the Black Sea near Sochi after disappearing from radar screens.
Earthquake Of Magnitude 7.6 Rocks Southern Chile The quake\u2019s depth was about 21.5 miles.
Russian Plane Reported Missing With Up To 100 On Board Local media said the aircraft disappeared shortly after departing from Sochi.
'Heavy Cold' Forces Britain's Queen Elizabeth II To Miss Christmas Church Service \The Queen continues to recover from a heavy cold and will stay indoors to assist with her recovery.\
Israeli PM Netanyahu Summons U.S. Ambassador Over Anti-Settlement UN Vote Separately, the envoys of 10 other nations were called in to the Israeli Foreign Ministry to be reprimanded on Sunday.
Here's What A Christmas Party Is Like In One Of The Most Dangerous Neighborhoods In The World .... and the story of a special 17-year-old who's making a difference there.
French-Swiss Aid Worker Sophie Petronin Kidnapped In Northern Mali So far, no one has made a claim of responsibility.
Pakistani Defense Minister Makes Nuclear Threat Against Israel After Fake News Provocation Defense Minister Khawaja Muhammad Asif responded to a made-up article with a real-life scare.
Syria's Bashar Assad Tops Off Another Year Of Bloodshed With A Holiday Photoshoot Meanwhile, many of the millions of displaced Syrians are living in dire conditions.
Rebuilding Security \u201cIt would be wonderful if we had good relationships with Russia so that we don\u2019t have to go through all of the drama,\u201d then
Tunisian Security Forces Arrest 3 For Links To Berlin Market Attack Suspect The nephew of Anis Amri, the slain Tunisian suspect, was among those detained.
Thousands Flee Coastal Villages As Typhoon Nock-Ten Nears Philippines The category 4 typhoon is expected to make landfall later this weekend.
Weekend Roundup The blow to German Chancellor Angela Merkel could spell the beginning of the end for a union with open borders.
Berlin Christmas Market Attack Suspect Killed In Shootout In Italy, Official Says Anis Amri was suspected of killing 12 people on Tuesday.
Passengers Freed From Hijacked Plane That Landed In Malta The hijacker told crew he was \pro-Gaddafi,\ local media reported.
Berlin Attacker Called On ISIS Supporters To 'Kill The Crusader Pigs' \u201cMy message to crusaders bombing Muslims everyday... Their blood will not go in vain,\ he said.
Syrian Rebels Shell Aleppo After Withdrawal They're still seeking to inflict damage on government-controlled areas.
Politics And Patriarchy Leave Women In Zimbabwe Without Food Aid In rural Zimbabwe, food aid is supposed to be distributed according to need. But rights advocates say some village heads
Australian Police Arrest 7 For Allegedly Planning Christmas Bombing Attacks Authorities described the plot as \u201can imminent terrorist event\u201d inspired by Islamic State.
Beyond Help Hundreds of thousands of families fleeing Boko Haram are now stranded in a remote and harsh border region, beyond the reach
The Assassination Of The Russian Ambassador Was An Anomaly Even For Grief-Stricken Turkey Regardless of who did it or why, there is only one loser.
Myanmar\u2019s Struggle For Stability By Baisali Mohanty Myanmar is reeling under gross human rights violations, where the fundamental \u2018right to life\u2019 of over
Brzezinski \u201cStupid irritations\u201d over Taiwan only antagonize Beijing, and Putin was directly involved in the efforts to help Trump win, the ex-national security adviser said.
Blaming Terrorist Attacks On Refugees Isn't Going To Make Europe Safer At a moment when we should stand united, rising right-wing parties and even some of Angela Merkel's allies are dividing Germany and Europe.
Philippine President Vows To Halt All Online Gambling In His Country He gave no timeframe for such a ban or details on its scope.
Syrian Army Has Taken Back All Of Aleppo The last group of rebels were evacuated Thursday, state television said.
Fingerprints Of Tunisian Suspect In Berlin Attack Found On Truck Door The market reopened Thursday.
Idlib Could Become The Next Aleppo, U.N. Envoy Says Rebels currently control the city, meaning that it could be the next target for the government.
Assad It's also a \basic step on the road to ending terrorism in the whole of Syrian territory,\ he said.
Over 4,000 Fighters Flee Aleppo Overnight; Thousands Of Syrians Still Await Evacuation Around 34,000 people have been evacuated from the area during the week-long operation.
Russian Hackers Tracked Ukrainian Artillery Units Using Android Implant The malware was able to retrieve communications and some locational data from infected devices.
Jail And Forced Labour After three years under siege, children in Eastern Ghouta are forced to steal and beg for their survival. To make matters
MEK\u2019s Fake Intelligence On Aleppo Only Hinders Fact-finding Bodies Finding The Truth An article published in the Washington Times Security section claims that (yet again) the Mojahedin Khalq (aka MKO, MEK, NCRI
Aleppo Evacuations Resume After Last-Minute Glitch Tens of thousands have already managed to leave the eastern part of the city.
These Photos Show The Devastating Aftermath Of Mexico's Deadly Fireworks Explosion At least 31 people were killed.
Battle Between Turkey & ISIS For Syria's Al-Bab Heats Up Turkish-backed rebel forces have been besieging the town for weeks.
Woman Who Fled Aleppo For Germany Fears She Will Never See Her Home Again \I let something very big inside me die,\ says Hala Kamil, a mother of four.
German Officials Identify Suspect In Berlin Christmas Market Attack The lead came from a document found inside the truck that plowed into the market on Monday, killing 12 people.
UN Security Council Acts On Modern Slavery In Conflict The failures of the UN Security Council remain a very real challenge for us today.
Far-Right Politicians Rush To Take Advantage Of The Berlin Attack Leaders rapidly sent out statements trying to fit the tragedy to their narratives.
The West Should Blame Itself, Not Asia, For Inequality Reversing the globalization we see today will lead to shrinking growth rates in the West, as well as in emerging economies. There are better solutions.
Thanks To Putin, Anti-Russian Terrorism Is The New Normal The assassination of Russia\u2019s ambassador to Turkey should shock or surprise no one. It was inevitable.
Germany Frees Suspect In Berlin Christmas Market Attack But authorities think the real perpetrator could still be on the run.
Syrian Government Allows UN To Beef Up Monitoring In Aleppo The U.N. officials will observe the evacuation of people from the last rebel-held enclave in Aleppo and monitor the safety of civilians who remain.
Truck Driver Dropped Out Of Contact Hours Before Berlin Attack He was later found killed after his vehicle was used to ram into the Berlin market.
World Leaders Mourn In Solidarity With Berlin After Deadly Truck Attack Ich bin ein Berliner.
Arctic Town Heads to Canada\u2019s Supreme Court To Battle Fuel Exploration Residents of Clyde River, Nunavut, hope to quash a government permit for underwater oil and gas exploration with claims that
Precision Parachutes May Be Only Option For Aleppo Aid Deliveries Amr Shayah, an aeronautical engineer with a degree from the University of Aleppo, explains the potential benefits of using
Gunman In Zurich Mosque Shooting Is Dead, Police Say A body found near the scene was that of the assailant.
Police Assume Truck Was Deliberately Driven Into Berlin Christmas Market The suspected terrorist attack killed  12 people and injured 48 others.
China Returns U.S. Underwater Drone Taken From South China Sea China\u2019s seizure of the unmanned underwater vehicle triggered a diplomatic protest.
Dozens Die In Siberia After Drinking Bath Oil To Get Drunk At least 41 people are dead after drinking a bath oil called Hawthorn.
IMF Chief Lagarde Found Guilty In French Tycoon Payout Trial Her lawyer says his team will look into appealing the decision.
Man Opens Fire In Zurich Mosque, Wounding 3 People The unidentified suspect fled the scene.
Aleppo Evacuations Resume After Days-Long Standoff The evacuation of civilians was a condition for the Syrian army and its allies to allow thousands of fighters and civilians trapped in Aleppo to depart.
Democracies Face A Fake New World The conundrum for the U.S. and Europe is whether or not to use illiberal methods to safeguard liberal values.
Canadian Woman And Police Killed In Attack At Jordanian Castle A shootout between police and armed men at a crusader-era castle has left a number of people dead.
Buses Burned During Evacuation Of Syrian Villages, Monitor Says Several vehicles sent to evacuate the ill and injured from besieged villages were destroyed.
Suicide Bomber Kills At Least 49 Soldiers In Yemen Officials said at least 60 other troops were wounded in the attack.
Gunmen Burn Buses To Stall Aleppo Evacuation, Convoy Goes Through The besieged city fell to government forces this week.
Head Of UN Nuclear Watchdog Says Iran Is Committed To Deal \u201cWe are satisfied with the implementation of the (agreement) and hope that this process will continue,\u201d said IAEA director general Yukiya Amano.
Congolese Youth Look To Chart A New Path In The Heart Of Africa One year ago on December 15, 2015 in the capital city of Kinshasa, President Joseph Kabila's security forces kidnapped youth
'We Will Return' Marwa and Salih\u2019s city is in ruins. But they dream of coming back to \u201cfeel its air\u201d again, one day.
China, U.S. 'Appropriately Handling' Seizure Of Drone, China Says China and the United States are using military channels to \u201cappropriately handle\u201d the seizure by the Chinese navy of a U.S
Syrian Rebels, Government Say New Deal In Works To Secure Aleppo Evacuation Evacuation plans ground to a halt on Friday after new demands from pro-government forces.
Trump Embassy Relocation Of Embassy To Jerusalem Would Derail Peace Trump has promised to move the embassy to Jerusalem, a potentially volatile end to long-standing U.S. policy.
Turkey's Erdogan Blames Kurdish Militants After Car Bomb Kills 13, Wounds 56 \u201cThe style and goals of the attacks clearly show the aim of the separatist terrorist organization is to trip up Turkey.\
China To Return Seized U.S. Drone, Says U.S. 'Hyping Up' Incident A Chinese naval vessel took an underwater drone from the South China Sea on Thursday.
Philippines' Duterte The president also suggested relations could improve after Donald Trump takes office.
Weekend Roundup We are seeing \u201cold tactics with new tools\u201d \u2015 but this time turned against America.
Russian Hacking May Have Helped Trump Win, but Russians Don't Really Care Meanwhile, the president-elect says maybe this wasn\u2019t such a bad thing for America.
13 Soldiers Killed And Dozens Wounded In Turkey Car Bomb Attack The bomb hit a bus transporting off-duty military personnel in the city of Kayseri.
Famine In Yemen Approaches But Country Halts New Wheat Imports More than half of the country's population is \food insecure.\
China Holds First Live-Fire Drills With Aircraft Carrier, Warships \This is the first time an aircraft carrier squadron has performed drills with live ammunition and real troops.\
'Each Of Us Is A Treasure' Edward Snowden wrote a letter to Annie Alfred, a 10-year-old child living with albinism in Malawi. Alfred is one of 7,000
Putin Turned Russia Election Hacks In Trump's Favor The hack evolved from a more general effort to undermine American democracy.
Lawyers For South Korea's Park Say Impeachment Vote Is Groundless And she has refused widespread calls to resign immediately.
China's Navy Seizes American Underwater Drone In South China Sea The U.S. has begun to formally demand for its return.
An Open Letter To The Mothers Of Aleppo To My Fellow Carriers Of Life, First, let me say I\u2019m sorry. I\u2019m sorry that, at this time the world is seemingly moving at
Syria's Assad Says Aleppo 'Liberation' Is History In The Making He claimed he's offering amnesty to rebels and is trying to protect civilians.
Austrian Lawmakers Pass Bill To Seize House Hitler Was Born In It's been a pilgrimage site for neo-Nazis.
EU Agrees To Extend Russia Sanctions Until Mid-2017 The decision will send a strong signal to U.S. President-elect Donald Trump.
Traces Of Explosives Found In Egyptair Crash, Investigators Report All 66 people on board the flight died on May 19.
China Defends Its Right To 'Ready Slingshot' In South China Sea Its military installations are \necessary\ and for self-protection, the Defense Ministry said.
China Gives Trump Veiled Warning Trump's rhetoric on China and call to Taiwan's leader has agitated U.S. relations with the global power.
The Manufacture Of Hatred In September 2015 an employee at M1, the main state TV channel, took a screengrab of an instruction from editors not to show
Besieged Aleppo Residents Begin To Evacuate City Almost 1,000 people were bussed out on Thursday.
Afghan Boy Who Made A Lionel Messi Jersey From A Plastic Bag Finally Meets His Hero And he won\u2019t leave the soccer star's side.
What The Syrian Opposition Must Do After Aleppo One can say that the Syrian war has entered another phase.
A Call To Leaders Of The Free World The people of Aleppo are being incinerated. Where are the superheroes?
Russian Millennials Speak Openly About America \u201cRussia is the nation with a unique level of spirituality. We are very different. As far as I am concerned, I would never
What Can You Do For Aleppo? Protest And Pray Note
China Installs Weapons Systems On Artificial Islands The weapons were reportedly spotted using new satellite imagery.
Shelling Rains Down In Aleppo As Evacuation Stalls 15,000 people who thought they'd be escaping are stuck.
Almost 1,000 People Stuck At Iran Checkpoint Outside Aleppo They can't be evacuated because Iranian militias threw a wrench in the ceasefire deal brokered Tuesday.
Syrian Rebels To Exit Aleppo As Truce Begins There is great concern over the plight of thousands of civilians in Aleppo, where the conditions were characterized as a \u201ccomplete meltdown of humanity\u201d by the UN.
Eiffel Tower Goes Dark In Solidarity With Syrians In Aleppo Protesters in Paris denounced \Bashar the assassin.\
U.S. Continues Support For Saudi Arabia In Yemen While Halting Some Arms Sales A Saudi-led bombing campaign is responsible for scores of civilian deaths.
Bomber In Istanbul Attack Came From Syria The twin attacks on Saturday killed 44 people.
China Maps Out How To Deal With Donald Trump And North Korea \The two must cooperate here. If they don\u2019t, then there will be no resolution to the North Korean nuclear issue,\u201d a former Chinese diplomat said.
India\u2019s Outgunned Russia And Saudi Arabia To Become The World\u2019s Fourth-Largest Defense Spender India has broken into the world top-five defense spenders\u2019 club. Asia\u2019s third-largest economy spent $50.6 billion in 2016
Hear The Siren From Behind The Fence Today I leave Sittwe. Five days with the Rohingya, who some call the most persecuted people on earth. Five days of attempted
Why Putin and the Populists Love Each Other Deeply Populism's strength is homegrown. Putin is merely fanning the flames.
Aleppo Burned And The World Watched Examining our audacious ideas about conflict in the city.
What's Happening In Aleppo Is the West's Failure Save your moral outrage.
We Failed Aleppo \Never again.\ Today, it\u2019s clear that this promise has been broken.
Desperate Syrians Fear For Their Lives As Aleppo Falls \I speak English and I speak the truth. Therefore I will be immediately executed,\ one activist said.
Turkey In Talks With Russia On Aleppo Ceasefire And Civilian Evacuation Pro-government forces have taken over most of the city from rebels.
Iran To Work On Nuclear-Powered Vessels After U.S. 'Violation' Of Deal A marine nuclear propulsion program would likely take decades to realize.
Kenyan Clan Elders Are Profiting Off Female Genital Mutilation Kenya's clan elders profit from the practice of female genital mutilation, complicating activist efforts to eradicate the practice in the west of the country, where \cutting\ season has just begun.
Baby Jesus Is Holding His Own In The Battle Over Who Delivers Christmas Presents The delivery of children\u2019s Christmas gifts in Latin America is competitive. In some places, the three wise men, known as
China Warns Trump Against Ignoring Its Taiwan Interests China\u2019s Foreign Ministry said cooperation was \u201cout of the question\u201d if Washington could not recognize Beijing\u2019s core interest on Taiwan.
Egypt's Sisi Says Suicide Bomber Behind Church Attack And four have so far been arrested in connection with the bombing.
This Photo Reminds Us Of The Horrific Toll War Has Taken On Syrians A couple flees for their lives with a child connected to an IV drip.
Syrian Army In 'Final Stages' Of Aleppo Offensive It was the country's largest city before the war.
Plenty Of Motive Behind Russian Meddling And Likely Support for Trump News breaks Friday during my \u201cAmerican Horror Story\u201d binge-night that U.S. intelligence officials have assessed that Russia
Want A Political Revolution? Seven Action Steps From West Africa It has been a bad year for the Left, at least at the most visible end of the spectrum. There was Brexit, in which the majority
Blast Inside Cairo's Coptic Cathedral Kills At Least 25 People The worst attack on Egypt's Christian minority in years.
ISIS And Assad Forces Fight For Control Of Ancient City Of Palmyra A Syrian official says the army is trying to recapture Palmyra after the militant group gained control.
Devastating Nigerian Church Collapse Leaves An Uncertain Death Toll Officials have confirmed 27 deaths, while residents say it is over 100.
Russia Says Syrian Government Controls 93 Percent Of Aleppo People in rebel-held areas have been evacuating.
Syria, Russia Pound Rebel-Held Aleppo But Advances Halt Pro-government forces have made strides in taking control of the city.
Suicide Bomber Kills At Least 40 Yemeni Troops In Aden The forces are allied to a Saudi-led military campaign.
Murdoch's New Sky Bid Should Be Probed, UK Opposition Politicians Say \u201cThis is yet again a threat to media plurality.\
Twin Bombings Kill Dozens In Istanbul, Leave Over 150 Wounded The blasts struck outside a soccer stadium and in a nearby park on Saturday night.
Turkey's AK Party Pushes To Expand Presidential Power It may mean that President Tayyip Erdogan would stay in power until 2029.
Blaming Russia To Overturn The Election Goes Into Overdrive When the Clinton campaign said it would join the recount in three Rust Belt states narrowly lost to Donald Trump, it didn\u2019t
South Korea's National Assembly Votes To Impeach President Park Geun-Hye The leader was embroiled in a scandal that prompted millions to take the streets in protest.
Dutch Politician Wilders Convicted Of Insulting, Inciting Discrimination against Moroccans \u201cA crime cannot be protected by the right to free speech.\u201d
Suicide Bombs Kill 30 In Nigeria The northeastern part of the country has become a hotbed of extremism.
Syrian Government Forces Press On In East Aleppo The rebels are gradually losing control of the besieged city.
Duterte Makes Moves To Amend The Constitution He believes that a federal form of government would lessen conflict.
Ghana's Opposition Leader Wins Presidential Election Akufo-Addo, 72, served as attorney general and then as foreign minister in the New Patriotic Party government.
Cairo Bomb Blast Kills Six Police Officers There was no immediate claim of responsibility.
British Spy Chief Says Islamic State Plotting Attacks As Russia Makes 'Desert' Of Syria This was Younger's first public speech since winning the top intelligence job.
These 39 Pictures Of Christmas Wishes From Kids Around The World Will Melt Your Heart \u201cI want all the dogs to love all the cats.\u201d
Pakistan Mourns 47 Killed In Plane Crash While Investigators Search For Answers \u201cI want to make it clear that it was a perfectly sound aircraft,\u201d the airline chairman said.
Trade Unions Challenge FIFA And Qatar World Cup In Swiss Court Two Bangladeshi and a Dutch trade union have sued FIFA in a Swiss court in legal proceedings that challenge the world soccer
African Elephants May Need China To Save Them From Extinction Netflix documentary \The Ivory Game\ exposes the dark underworld of the ivory trade and Beijing's role in shaping the destiny of these animals.
Four Migrants Drown Off Coast Of Morocco They were in an inflatable boat.
No Survivors In Northern Pakistan Plane Crash, Airline Chairman Says The flight reportedly lost contact with air traffic controllers.
Germany's Top Court Rules Muslim Schoolgirls Must Join Swimming Lessons This follows a proposed ban on full-face Muslim veils.
Dozens Killed In Airstrike On ISIS-Held Town In Iraq, Medics And MPs Say Local hospital sources said children were among those killed.
Indonesia Earthquake Kills Nearly 100 People And Levels Buildings Teams were racing to locate people buried in the rubble.
NSA Collected Data From People Using Cell Phones On Planes It was a collaboration between American and British spy agencies, according to the latest Edward Snowden revelation.
Saudi Court Sentences 15 People To Death For Allegedly Spying For Iran The ruling could heighten tensions between the two rival nations.
Iran Will Not Let Trump Rip Up Nuclear Deal, President Rouhani Says The president-elect has called it \the worst deal ever negotiated.\
How China Could React To Trump\u2019s Taunts, From The Best- To The Worst-Case Scenario Donald J. Trump\u2019s phone call this past weekend with Taiwan president Tsai Ing-wen has caused so much consternation among
Angela Merkel Wins Re-Election As Chair Of Her CDU Party This gives the German Chancellor a boost as she seeks a fourth term in office next year.
Syria Rejects Aleppo Ceasefire If Rebels Remain U.S. and Russian officials are expected to discuss a rebel withdrawal.
Italy Expected To Elect New Prime Minister In February Matteo Renzi announced he would step down after a defeat of his constitutional reforms.
Syrian Brothers, Separated By War, Report From Opposite Sides Of The Border Two Syrian brothers who are both journalists describe the harrowing decisions that led one to flee their hometown of Aleppo
Angela Merkel Supports Partial Burka And Niqab Ban In Germany \u201cThe full-face veil is not acceptable in our country,\u201d she said.
Erdogan Bargained Away Both Aleppo and the Opposition They have abandoned the Syrian people to their fate amid violence and destruction.
Russia Wants To Start Talks With U.S. On Aleppo Rebel Withdrawal Syrian government forces are on the cusp of recapturing the city.
Where Is Bana? Mystery Surrounds Shutdown Of Syrian Girl's Twitter Account Bana Alabed's profile disappeared from the service on Sunday.
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key Unexpectedly Announces Resignation The National Party caucus will hold a meeting on December 12 to decide the new party leader and prime minister.
Japan PM Will Visit Pearl Harbor With Obama Shinzo Abe will be the first Japanese premier to to so.
Shinzo Abe To Become First Japanese Leader To Visit Pearl Harbor Wednesday marks 75 years since the attack that launched the United States' entry into World War 2.
Vehicle Carrying Fidel Castro's Ashes Breaks Down During Funeral Procession Soldiers had to push the vehicle carrying the remains of the former dictator.
Spanish Streets Named After Fascist Leaders Will Soon Honor Women Instead Though Francisco Franco\u2019s totalitarian Spanish regime was toppled nearly 40 years ago, its legacy is still present in the
Children Blown Apart By Bombs Cope With Mental Trauma In Jordan Hospital It's the only center in the Middle East that performs advanced reconstructive surgery on victims of war.
The Human and the Machine In my work as philosopher and anthropologist, I have often sought to blur the lines between humans and machines. For example
A \u201cOne Taiwan\u201d Policy? Let\u2019s Take Out the Chinese? Much brouhaha has been made over the weekend phone call between President-Elect Donald Trump and Taiwan\u2019s President Tsai
Putin Praises Trump, Says President-Elect Will Understand New Responsibilities \u201cBecause he achieved success in business, it suggests that he is a clever man.\
Iran Vows 'Firm Response' Unless Obama Stops Sanctions Renewal U.S. Congress passed legislation to extend the Iran Sanctions Act for 10 years.
Italy Votes In Referendum With Matteo Renzi's Future At Stake The PM has promised to resign if he loses.
3 Women Shot Dead Outside Finnish Restaurant In 'Random' Attack, Police Say A local politician and two journalists were reportedly killed in the attack.
Death Toll From Chinese Coal Mine Disaster Rises To 32 Saturday's blast took place in a small mine in the Inner Mongolia region.
Fidel Castro Interred In Rock, Closing Last Chapter Of Historic Life The ceremony capped nine days of public mourning in Cuba.
Pro-EU Van Der Bellen Becomes The Face Of Austria \u201cFrom the beginning I fought and argued for a pro-European Austria.\
Far-Right Camp Concedes Defeat In Austrian Presidential Election \I am infinitely sad that it didn't work out,\ Norbert Hofer wrote after his defeat.
Matteo Renzi Faces Defeat In Italian Constitutional Referendum The Prime Minister has vowed to resign if defeated.
Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi Says He Will Resign Following Referendum Defeat \u201cThe experience of my government ends here.\u201d
The Remarkable Legacy Of Fidel Castro When Fidel Castro died on Nov. 25 at the age of 90, we lost one of the most remarkable leaders of the 20th century. No other
The Major Concern With The Phone Call With Taiwan The Biggest Problem with the Phone Call with Taiwan is that we have to rely on what was said from a proven Pathological Liar
Leftist Friends Gather As Castro Funeral Cortege Reaches Final Destination On Sunday morning, his ashes will be entombed
China Lodges Protest After Trump Speaks With Taiwan President Beijing blamed the self-ruled island it claims as its own for the \petty\ conversation.
Nazi Death Camp Gate Found In Norway 2 Years After Being Stolen From Dachau The 220-pound gate stood at the entrance to the concentration camp before being stolen in 2014.
The Effects Of \u2018Western\u2019 Colonization Of India On The Lives And Future Of The Women Of The Indian-Subcontinent It would be a blatant lie if I say that only women of the \u2018Orient\u2019 as proposed by the \u2018Occident\u2019 have been subjected to the
The Border Between Bangladesh And India Has Become A Death Trap India is not only a neighboring country of Bangladesh, but also the people of both countries are connected like a baby connected
Italy, Not France, Could Be The Next Chapter In The Brexit-Trump Saga While everyone obsesses over the future of France, the seeds of an \Italexit\ are being sown.
Canada Designates Its Second And Largest Arctic Marine Protected Area Several Inuvialuit organizations, including the Inuvialuit Regional Corporation, the Inuvialuit Game Council and the Paulatuk
French Presidential Race Centers Around Manuel Valls After Hollande Bow-Out The current prime minister is tough on law and order.
Bolivia Suspends Airline Responsible For Colombia Crash \u201cI did all that was humanly possible and technically necessary to preserve the lives of the passengers, but unfortunately my efforts weren\u2019t enough,\u201d the air traffic controller on duty said.
As Brazil Mourns The Chapecoense Plane Crash, Its Congress Guts Anti-Corruption Laws \u201cIn the dead of night, they took advantage of a moment of national mourning.\
Turkish Foreign Minister Calls For Immediate Ceasefire In Syria He said that Syrian president Bashar al-Assad is responsible for 600,000 deaths.
Mexico To Trump President-elect Donald Trump has convinced air-conditioner-maker Carrier not to move an Indiana plant to Mexico. Mexico\u2019s
South Korea's Scandal-Tainted Park To Face Impeachment Vote Next Week She has denied wrongdoing but has apologized to the nation.
Here's Why Trump Should Continue Obama's Progress on the Opening With Cuba If Trump rolls back the rapprochement, it could provoke the Cuban government to further close its society.
Weekend Roundup But it all ends badly. History has not absolved the personalist rule of Fidel Castro or any of the others who took the populist path to power.
Colombia's 52-Year War Is Officially Over As New Peace Deal Passes The FARC rebel group now has six months to abandon its weapons.
Putin Says He's Ready To Cooperate With Trump Particularly in the arena of global terrorism.
Austria's Nazi Past Encroaches On Election Campaign Hitler's image has been used to slur both presidential candidates.
Ukraine Says Missile Tests Will Avoid Crimea, Mollifying Russia News of the tests had angered the Kremlin, prompting it to put its air defense forces on high alert.
Airline Known For Transporting Soccer Teams Operated Crashed Plane \This tragedy hit us,\ the Bolivian charter service said.
Canada's Trudeau Approves Kinder Morgan, Enbridge Pipelines Despite Environmental Concerns A struggling energy sector and environmental groups are both putting pressure on the government.
Crashed Plane Carrying Brazilian Soccer Team Was Running Out Of Fuel, A Pilot Says The pilot of a LAMIA Airlines plane that crashed in Colombia had radioed that he was running out of fuel, according to the co-pilot of another plane in the area.
India Now Has World\u2019s Largest Solar Plant, Which Can Power 150,000 Homes And it was built in just eight months.
China Says It Wants Smooth Military Ties With Donald Trump The president-elect lambasted China on the campaign trail and has suggested Japan and South Korea be allowed to develop nuclear weapons.
Soccer Crash Survivors Undergo Operations In Colombia Investigators are also checking two black boxes from the crash site.
Scottish Council Rejects British Plans To Build Immigrant Detention Center In Glasgow The move has reinvigorated debate in Scotland, where the majority of people voted against Brexit.
These Indian Brothers Are Recruiting Men To Fight Gender-Based Violence Sparked by a brutal gang rape case in 2012, India has made progress in reducing the rate of violence against women. But Rishi
Fears Of Political Instability Loom Ahead Of Italian Constitutional Referendum If markets are any gauge, the next time a government doesn\u2019t get what it wants in a popular vote will be this weekend in
Assad, Allies Aim To Seize All Aleppo Before Trump Takes Power Accounts from eastern Aleppo, where the UN says at least 250,000 civilians are trapped with no access to the outside world, point to a dire humanitarian situation.
Thailand's Parliament To Invite Crown Prince To Become New King The country's revered monarch died last month.
Dutch Parliament Moves To Ban Burqa And Niqab In Some Public Spaces If the law passes, covering one's face will be banned in government buildings, on public transport, at schools and in hospitals.
South Korea's Park Asks Parliament To Decide How She Can Quit The opposition rejected the offer and instead wants to see her impeached.
After Perceived Snubs, UK's May Calls Trump To Strengthen Ties \u201cThe Prime Minister called the U.S. President-elect this afternoon as part of establishing a regular dialogue.\
New Zealand Is Hosting A Country-Wide Secret Santa Gift Exchange Holiday cheer for everyone!
Kremlin A \true friend\ to one and a \brutal dictator\ to the other.
Rwanda Is Becoming A Magnet For Chinese Money And Migrants This small, landlocked country is aiming to position itself as a hub for Chinese investment in Africa.
How Climate Change Intensifies Mass Atrocities Climate change helped ignite the most bitter and bloody civil war of our times.
Duterte His crackdown has killed more than 2,500 people.
Uh Oh, That Massive Sinkhole In Japan Is Showing Signs Of Sinking Again Yikes.
Iraqi Forces Say They've Killed Almost 1,000 Islamic State Fighters In Mosul And they've captured almost half of the eastern part of the city.
Germany's Highest Court Rejects Appeal By 'Bookkeeper Of Auschwitz' Oskar Groening was convicted of aiding and abetting the murder of 300,000 people.
Africa Is Not Conflicted About Fidel Castro\u2019s Legacy It was perhaps Cuba\u2019s willingness to fight side-by-side with Africans that made him such a towering figure on the continent
Between an Uncertain Duterte and Trump and a Powerful China, Vietnam Sees Stability in ASEAN With relations in the region increasingly unpredictable, Hanoi hopes the Asian regional organization can provide some calm.
Fidel Castro As 'World Hero Of Solidarity' Today, 70 countries from around the world benefit from Cuba\u2019s medical internationalism.
3 Predictions For Cuba Following Castro's Death I have been to Cuba eight times over the last 16 years. It has been my privilege to know and work with Cuban pastors, business
This Holiday Season, Beware Of Turkey In just under two months, Donald Trump will be sworn in as the 45th President of the United States. As many of his predecessors
With A Cry Of 'Viva Fidel!', Cubans Begin Mourning For Castro Nine days of mourning have begun for the controversial Cold War icon.
Francois Fillon Scores Huge Win In French Conservative Presidential Primaries The former prime minister came from behind in opinion polls over the past two weeks.
Hundreds Displaced As Syrian Army Captures Part Of Eastern Aleppo More than 900 civilians reportedly fled the area within 24 hours.
Fidel Castro Dead Considered by many to be a national hero, Castro in February 1959 was sworn in as prime minister of Cuba. While the international
World Leaders React To Fidel Castro\u2019s Death Cuba's former head of state died aged 90 on Friday.
Donald Trump Says He Will Do All He Can To Help Cuban People The President-elect vowed to help boost freedom and prosperity for Cuban people after the death of Fidel Castro.
East Aleppo Residents Are Days Away From Starvation, White Helmets Say \You cannot imagine how the situation is.\
Explore Cuban Leader Fidel Castro's Controversial Life In Photos Cuba's longtime ruler leaves a divisive legacy.
Trump Will Pursue 'Regional Hegemony' In South China Sea There is a high possibility of increased U.S. military spending in the Asia-Pacific.
Wildfires Tear Across Israel, Netanyahu Calls Arsonists 'Terrorists' Tens of thousands of residents were forced to flee the city of Haifa.
Passenger Trains Collide In Iran Killing 44 People More than 100 people were injured in the crash.
Mexican Officials Find Dozens Of Corpses Buried In Secret Graves The remains include nine severed heads.
Philippines' Duterte Seeks Peace \u201cDuterte is not a saint, but he stands for an independent foreign policy.\
Middle East Iran\u2019s military forces and operations in Syria are significantly more than what has been generally reported so far. This
South Korean Political Crisis Hits President's Approval Rating, Consumer Confidence President Park Geun-hye\u2019s approval rating fell to 4 percent amid a deepening political crisis, marking an all-time low for any democratically elected leader in the country.
Scores Killed In Horrific Construction Accident In China Deadly accidents are relatively common at industrial sites in China.
U.S. Service Member Dies Following Explosion In Northern Syria The blast occurred near in the vicinity of Ayn Issa.
ISIS Claims Suicide Attack That Killed Scores In Iraq The majority of those killed were Iranian pilgrims en route back to Iran.
French Police Search For Armed Man After Woman Killed In Monks' Retirement Home One source said the dead woman had contacted police before she was killed.
Weekend Roundup A Trump administration can\u2019t stop globalization, but it can diminish America\u2019s role in governing it.
China Will Defend WTO Rights If Trump Moves On Duties China will defend its rights under World Trade Organization tariff rules if U.S. President-elect Donald Trump moves toward
3,800-Year-Old Ancient 'Thinking Person' Statuette Unearthed A team of high school students and archaeologists made the amazing find in Israel.
Jordan's First Self-Defense Academy For Women Wants To Fight Domestic Abuse The first self-defense academy for women in Jordan, SheFighter gives women and girls the confidence to stand up against harassment
Cambodian Supreme Court Upholds Life Sentences For Khmer Rouge Leaders A U.N. envoy said the decision sent a message to leaders in North Korea and elsewhere.
Iran Warns Of Retaliation If U.S. Breaches Nuclear Deal Iran Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei is warning that Tehran will retaliate if the sanctions are approved.
U.S., China Agree On New North Korea U.N. Sanctions The permanent five members are \getting very close to agreement on a draft resolution.\u201d
Elderly Ukrainians Are Living In Soviet-Era Bunkers After Shelling Left Them Homeless DONETSK, UKRAINE \u2015 As shelling continues in eastern Ukraine, a few dozen civilians have fashioned homes out of an abandoned
Iran Can Reform If It Follows in China\u2019s Footsteps And if Trump cooperates.
The Great Reaction Against Ethnic and Gender Identity Politics Was Long in the Making What is remarkable is not that it happened, but that it took so long.
Young Afghans Returning From Europe Face Isolation And Fear Back Home \I now understand that the world hates Afghans.\
Hijabi News Anchor Hopes Her Career Milestone Can Inspire Muslim Women Everywhere \Tonight wasn't just important for me. I don't think a woman in hijab has ever anchored a newscast in Canada.\
China Is Poised To Benefit From Trump\u2019s Ambiguous Africa Policy By neglecting to propose a clear approach toward the continent, the future U.S. president may end up boosting Beijing.
Week Of Renewed Aleppo Strikes Kills 141 In East, 16 In West And there are no functioning hospitals left.
Turkey Widens Crackdown, Purging 15,000 More Officials More than 125,000 have now been dismissed.
More Than 1,000 Iranian Soldiers Have Died Fighting In Syria It's a sizable increase from just a few months ago.
Philippines, U.S. Militaries Agree To Reduce Joint Exercises, Philippine General Says President Rodrigo Duterte has hinted at a \separation\ from the U.S.
Alarm In Germany And Israel At Emboldened U.S. White Supremacists Neo-Nazis and white nationalists have vocally backed Trump.
France Foils Another Terror Attack, Arrests Seven \The scale of the terrorist threat is enormous,\ interior minister Bernard Cazeneuve said.
Saudi-Led Coalition Won't Renew Yemen Ceasefire The 20-month conflict has killed more than 10,000 people.
Someone Stuffed Canadian Mailboxes With Anti-Chinese Fliers After Donald Trump's Election \The hate spewed in the United States is not welcome here,\ said one resident of Richmond, British Columbia.
Dozens Dead After Suicide Bomber Attacks Shia Mosque In Kabul At least 35 people were also injured in the attack.
India Train Derailment Kills At Least 146 People, Rescuers End Search The packed train suddenly rolled of the tracks, causing a devastating crash.
Angela Merkel Will Seek Fourth Term As German Chancellor Her announcement ends months of speculation and sets the stage for next year's election.
French Conservatives Choose Their Candidate For Next Presidential Election Voters cast their ballots Sunday in what polls going in showed to be a tight race.
India Train Derailment Kills Scores Such accidents come with a tragic frequency in India.
Dozens Killed In Aleppo Bombing, Including Family Of 6 Hundreds of people have been killed since Tuesday in a government push to quash rebels in eastern Aleppo.
Strong Earthquake Hits Western Argentina The magnitude 6.4 quake struck northeast of Chile's capital of Santiago.
Deadly Police Helicopter Crash In Rio After Day Of Intense Firefights Four officers were killed in the crash.
Yemen Truce Strained By Reports Of Airstrikes And Fighting The 48-hour ceasefire by the Saudi-led military coalition raised hopes of ending more than a year of war.
Thousands Demonstrate Against South Korean President This is the fourth straight weekend of protest.
China State Media Warn Trump Against Renouncing Free Trade Deals \It could drag his country and the wider world into deeper economic distress.\u201d
Pakistanis, Don't Worry About Trump. Worry About Your 'Trumpistan.' Dear Pakistan, work on reaching out to your own forgotten minority groups.
All Hospitals In Eastern Aleppo Out Of Action Following Onslaught Of Attacks Intense air strikes have battered eastern Aleppo since Tuesday when the Syrian army and its allies resumed operations after a pause lasting weeks.
Weekend Roundup By decreasing tensions with China and Russia, the U.S. could prevent the two powers from aligning against the West.
Saudi Arabian Artist Fights To Make Her Country Treat Women Like Adults The country's male guardianship laws stop women from traveling, marrying or leaving prison without a man's permission.
Donald Trump's Win Adds To Syrian Rebels' Uncertain Fate There's no sense of whether U.S. arms shipments to those fighting President Bashar al-Assad will continue.
NATO 'Absolutely Confident' That Donald Trump Will Maintain Alliance Leadership Increased European defense spending is a top priority.
UK Twitter Users Really Want Barack Obama To Be Their Prime Minister \I would personally row a boat across the Atlantic to go and collect him.\
Duterte Says Refugees Are Always Welcome In Philippines It's a developing country of 100 million.
Australia Is Responsible For Immigrant Children Suffering In Detention, UN Investigator Says \This is not acceptable.\
South Sudanese Refugees Are Flowing Into Uganda At An Unprecedented Rate Thousands of people are crossing the border every day to escape violent conflict.
Photos Capture A Desolate Mosul As Offensive Drags On The U.S.-led coalition still has a long way to go.
Islamic State Killed 300 Former Policemen And Buried Them In Mass Grave Near Mosul The victims were shot or beheaded.
Fuel Tanker Explosion In Mozambique Kills At Least 73, Government Says The truck overturned and exploded near the border with Malawi, the government said.
British Volunteer Hosts Welcome Refugees Into Their Homes and Lives Amid a hostile climate for refugees in the U.K., ordinary citizens are plugging gaps in the asylum system. Judith Vonberg
French PM \u201cEurope is in danger of falling apart,\u201d French Prime Minister Manuel Valls said. \u201cSo Germany and France have a huge responsibility.\u201d
Japan PM Shinzo Abe Seeks To Build Trust With Donald Trump In First Meeting He is the first foreign leader to meet with the president-elect since Nov. 8.
Like Obama, Trump Is Unlikely to Lead as the World's Policeman Obama started dismantling America's global obligations. Trump is likely to take that a step further.
Europe May Need Its Own Nuclear Deterrence Plan If Donald Trump Has His Way He has hinted at scaling back U.S. military commitments to NATO.
Assad Skeptical Of Trump But Says Syria Could Be 'Natural Ally' Assad said he was ready to cooperate with Washington if it ended its policy of supporting rebels seeking to overthrow his government.
Renewed Airstrikes On Aleppo Kill Dozens, Hit Near Children's Hospital The Syrian government and its allies are ramping up their military offensive.
Germany Alarmed About Potential Russian Interference In Election Security officials have accused Moscow of launching an \u201cinformation war.\u201d
Duterte Trusts That Donald Trump Will Be Fair On Immigration The Philippine leader also predicts the two will get along.
Kenya Delays Closure Of World's Largest Refugee Camp For Six Months The camp is home to as many as 350,000 refugees.
Why Khan Eshieh Palestinian Camp Could Be The Next Yarmouk As fighting intensifies in the area around Syria\u2019s Khan Eshieh \u2013 the so-called \u201ccamp of return\u201d \u2013 and UNRWA draws parallels
Kerry Announces A Cessation Of Hostilities In Yemen To Begin Thursday More than 10,000 people have been killed in Yemen's civil war.
Egypt Overturns Death Sentence For Former President Morsi The deposed Muslim Brotherhood leader now faces a retrial.
UK Government Has No Overall Plan For Brexit, Leaked Memo Says Prime Minister Teresa May has promised to trigger Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty by the end of March but she has so far given little away about her plans for Britain\u2019s future relationship with the EU.
Airstrike Reportedly Hits Third Syrian Hospital In 24 Hours Jets hit the hospital with rockets, injuring medical staff and patients, including some who had just moved there from a hospital hit in nearby Kafrnaha on Monday.
South Korea Endgame Could See Park Geun-Hye Exiting Presidency In Disgrace Park faces mounting calls to step down over a political scandal amid indications that parliament may try to impeach her.
Germany Bans Islamist Group And Conducts Nearly 200 Raids Police say the DWR 'True Religion' group persuaded people to join militants in Iraq and Syria.
A Top Swedish Union Just Launched A 'Mansplaining' Hotline Workers can call the hotline to highlight the problem of men condescendingly explaining things to women.
Russia Has Long-Term Ambitions In The Middle East \u201cThe new neighbor did not come here only to rent an apartment, he came here to build a villa.\u201d
NATO\u2019s Overreaction To Russia Pushes The U.S. Towards War This escalation is not defense; it is hyperventilation.
Trump And Putin Speak By Phone And Agree For Cooperation, Kremlin Says The two men will maintain contact by phone and seek for an in-person meeting, Russia said.
Lebanon\u2019s New Presidency May Enact Anti-Refugee Agenda Lebanese analyst Kareem Chehayeb examines what the election of a new president after two and a half years of political stalemate
Assange Questioned By Prosecutors At Ecuadorian Embassy In London Assange took refuge in the embassy in 2012 to avoid being extradited to Sweden over the rape allegation.
New Zealand Earthquake Leaves 3 Cows Stranded On Tiny 'Island' It's currently not clear how emergency crews will bring them to safety.
Jihadists Plan To Use Trump's Victory As A Propaganda Tool \His utter hate towards Muslims will make our job much easier,\ one top militant commander said.
Europe Agrees To Defense Plan After Trump Victory Rattles Leaders \u201cEurope needs to be able to act for its own security,\u201d French Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian told reporters.
Russia Says It's Ready To Mend Ties With Washington But added that they know little of Donald Trump's policy plans.
China's Xi Tells Donald Trump That Cooperation Is The Only Choice The U.S. president-elect lambasted China throughout his campaign.
European Leaders Should Stop Whining And Accept Trump's Victory No Trump is not a fascist. No American\u2019s have not embraced fascism.
Why Trump's Victory Won't Drastically Change the U.S.-Russia Relationship That would require overcoming several fundamental obstacles.
NATO Leader Says Going It Alone Not An Option After Trump Victory \u201cWe face the greatest challenges to our security in a generation. This is no time to question the value of the partnership between Europe and the United States.\
Colombia Reaches Revised New Peace Deal Weeks After Referendum Six weeks after a vote rejected a previous agreement, Colombia has another chance at ending its war.
Sting Reopens Bataclan Concert Hall One Year After Paris Attacks \u201cTonight we have two tasks to settle. First, to remember and honor those who lost their life in the attacks. Then, to celebrate life and music,\ he said.
Paris Honors Attack Victims During Somber Anniversary Ceremonies Sunday marked one year since the attacks.
Iraqi Troops Retake The Town Of Nimrud, Near Historic Ruins, From ISIS The town is next to the 3,000-year-old Assyrian city that was bulldozed by ISIS in 2014.
'Utter Devastation' After Major Quake, Aftershocks Hit New Zealand The quakes damaged roads and buildings and sent thousands fleeing to higher ground.
French Researchers Want To Know How People Will Remember The 2015 Paris Attacks A decadelong research project seeks to monitor how collective and individual memories form after tragic events.
Owner Of Paris Bistro Devastated By 2015 Attacks Recorded His Experience In A Book \Like a captain on his ship, I was there, I saw everything, all the bodies, all of it.\
France's Far-Right Leader Le Pen Hopes For Victory Like Trump's She hopes that France's politics follow suit.
Korea\u2019s Trump Quandary \u2013 It\u2019s Time to Revisit Our Regional Strategy The Rise of Donald Trump and America-First Policy 84%. According to the New York Times, that was the odds of Hillary Clinton
Ex-U.S. Ambassador To Moscow Says He Is Banned From Entering Russia Russian news agencies were told McFaul had been added to a sanctions list.
Muslim Shrine Blast Kills Dozens In Shah Noorani, Pakistan The explosion took place while hundreds of people were inside, authorities say.
Taliban Suicide Bomber Kills 4 At NATO Base In Bagram, Afghanistan The attack wounded at least 17 people at the largest U.S. base in Afghanistan, officials say.
Filipino Prisons Are Running Out Of Space As Duterte's Drug Crackdown Rages On Some of those jailed consider themselves the lucky ones of the president's deadly war on drugs.
Britain's UKIP Leader Nigel Farage Meets Donald Trump In New York \We're just tourists!\ Farage joked with reporters after he was seen waiting for an elevator in the skyscraper's lobby.
Turkey Issues Warning Over Travel To U.S. After Trump Protests \Our citizens who live in the U.S., or who are considering traveling there, should be cautious.\u201d
America Needs to Send John Kerry to COP22 With One Simple Message Alright friends. These are the facts, as best I can discern them
Weekend Roundup The \Great Reaction\ that propelled Donald Trump to the White House is not just another turn of the electoral cycle, but an indication of a system in crisis.
A Year After Paris Attacks, France Still Hasn't Figured Out How To Contain Terrorism It's the issue that defines our time, experts argue.
The Muslim Security Guard Who Stopped A Suicide Bomber Remembers Paris Attacks \I realized that I didn\u2019t stop just anyone, but a soldier of Daesh,\u201d Salim Toorabally says a year later.
Fierce Is The Only Word For The Duchess Of Cornwall's All-Female Security Team Bow to the strong women of the Persian Gulf.
Angela Merkel And Donald Trump Have Spoken, Discussed Continuing U.S.-German Ties No further details about the phone call were released.
London's Muslim Mayor Has Some Advice For Donald Trump Sadiq Khan could be banned from the U.S. if Trump follows through on his promises.
Oskar Schindler\u2019s Abandoned Factory Will Become A Holocaust Memorial The property was used to employ 1,200 Jews during World War II.
Moldovan Presidential Candidate Criticized For Being A Single Woman \Maybe it is a sin even to be a woman?\ asked Maia Sandu.
Superwoman Network Empowers Vulnerable Women In Sudan Based in Khartoum, the Superwoman Network brings together five civil society organizations to provide support, legal aid
French Newspaper Calls Donald Trump 'American Psycho' Trump was a hero of the novel's protagonist.
Attackers On Motorcyle Throw Explosive At French Embassy In Athens A security guard was wounded in the attack.
Iran Says It Has Options If Nuclear Deal Fails \Iran's options are not limited,\ Foreign Minister Zarif said.
Donald Trump's Victory Plunges International Institutions And U.S. Alliances Into Uncertainty The world now waits to see whether Trump will follow through on his radical campaign rhetoric.
Iraqi Forces Accused Of Killing, Torturing Civilians Near Mosul These were the first such reports of alleged abuse in a U.S.-backed campaign to retake the city from ISIS.
Mr. Trump I want to believe that when you are sworn in as president of the United States, you will not banish us from this country.
At Least 7 Dead And Over 50 Injured As London Tram Overturns The driver has been arrested.
Russian President Vladimir Putin Congratulates Donald Trump On Election Win Shocker.
World Leaders React To News That Donald Trump Will Be Next U.S. President He is the new leader of the free world.
Islamic State Abducts Nearly 300 Iraqi Security Forces Near Mosul, UN Reports The militants also forced 1,500 families to retreat from the town of Hamam al-Alil.
Hungary's Parliament Rejects Prime Minister's Migrant Ban A setback for Viktor Orban in his clash with the EU's refugee policy.
Philippine President Duterte's Beef With The U.S. May Be More Personal Than Political Rodrigo Duterte's inflammatory rhetoric doesn't mean an end to the 70-year alliance.
Gunman Kills 9 Soccer Fans And Wounds 11 Others In South Sudan, Police Say The motive for the attack was not immediately clear.
Turkey's Treatment Of Purged Officials Reminiscent of Nazis, Luxembourg Says More than 110,000 public servants have been detained.
Philippine's Duterte Scraps Police Rifle Deal With U.S. \We can always get them somewhere else,\ he said.
Australia Turns Down National Vote On Same Sex Marriage The proposal was voted down in the Senate by 33 to 29.
Italy's Prime Minister Wrote A Heartfelt Facebook Post To Barack Obama \u201cLet\u2019s hope it\u2019s a girl,\u201d Renzi said as he bid Obama farewell.
Virtual Reality Lets WWII Veteran Revisit Town He Helped Liberate A moving video shows Frank Mouqu\u00e9 being presented with a medal of honor.
U.S.-Backed Syrian Rebels Launch Operation Against ISIS In Raqqa Rebels announced an major assault on the militant group's de facto capital.
Suicide Bombers In Ambulance Kill At Least 21 People In Iraq The attack comes as forces are fighting against ISIS to take back the city of Mosul.
Most Germans Fear The Effects Of A Trump Election Victory A new poll shows people are afraid the U.S.-German relationship would come under strain.
Donald Trump Effigy Burns In England As Part Of Bonfire Night Celebrations \u201cI think he would be quietly amused,\u201d said artist Frank Shepherd.
Protesters And Police Clash In Hong Kong Over Crackdown Police fired pepper spray as thousands of demonstrators took to the streets.
The View From Brexit Britain -- America Still Has The Chance To Repudiate Hatred I went to bed on the night of June 23 feeling nervous, but not so nervous that I couldn\u2019t sleep. I knew that the polls on
4 Big Questions For This Year's Climate Change Conference World leaders are preparing to gather in Morocco to build on a year of momentous action.
Car Bomb Goes Off Near Parliament In Somali Capital Two Somali soldiers were killed and five others were injured by the explosion.
Mosul And Aleppo, America\u2019s Miserable Election, And A Man Without Borders The battle for Mosul is on. I have already reported, here and elsewhere, my understanding of what is at stake. Two comments
On Election Day, The Middle East Is Watching -- And Praying A Trump Administration will reset the relationship with the Kremlin and find common purpose on Syria.
London Police Arrest 53 Protestors At Million Mask March Helicopters followed protestors as they moved from Trafalgar Square towards the Houses of Parliament.
Weekend Roundup Something is profoundly wrong if spewing out insulting tweets can pave the way to the doorstep of the White House.
Tens Of Thousands Of South Koreans Protest To Demand President's Resignation President Park Geun-hye is accused of a growing influence-peddling scandal.
French Police Evacuate Thousands Of Migrants From Illegal Camp In Paris The migrants will be transferred to holding centers in and around the French capital pending the processing of asylum requests.
Conservatives Around The World Are Peddling A Conspiracy Theory About Sex And Gender This is a war, say the advocates behind these videos, and the battlefield is the minds and values of \u201cour children.\u201d \u201cIt\u2019s
Iraqi Forces Push Deeper Into East Mosul The advancing troops were still facing fierce opposition, including car bombs and sniper fire.
Turkey's Pro-Kurdish Leaders Detained As Opposition Crackdown Intensifies The government's crackdown on groups with ties to \terrorism\ is in response to a failed coup attempt in July.
Why Kung Fu Movies Have Endured In Africa While Chinese news media struggles to find an African audience, Bruce Lee draws crowds across the continent to the films.
Deadly Car Bombing Rocks Diyarbakir, Southern Turkey The blast came hours after authorities detained pro-Kurdish lawmakers in the city.
Two More Shipwrecks Off Libyan Coast Kill At Least 239 Migrants, U.N. Says They were traveling towards Italy in poorly-made rubber dinghies.
Brexit Challenge The court ruled lawmakers must vote on triggering Article 50, needed for Britain to leave the bloc.
Russian Soldiers Are Secretly Dying In Syria They were in Syria as private contractors deployed by the Kremlin.
Refugee Shipwreck Survivors Stranded By A Faltering Deal When the boat overturned, Jouiet remembers being flung some distance and he ended up about 20ft (6m) away from the vessel
Two U.S. Soldiers, Dozens Of Civilians Killed In Afghan City Of Kunduz More than 30 civilians were killed in air strikes called in to protect Afghan and U.S. troops, officials say.
Islamic State Releases Purported Recording Of Leader Abu Bakr Al-Baghdadi al-Baghdadi called for his fighters to \u201cturn the nights of the unbelievers into days, to wreck havoc in their land and make their blood flow as rivers.\u201d
France Moves Calais Child Migrants As Row With Britain Simmers The children\u2019s plight has triggered a diplomatic row between Paris and London, with tensions intensifying after President Hollande pressed Britain to accept its share of responsibility for the minors.
MH370 Report Finds Plane Was In Rapid Descent When It Vanished Australian investigators believe the plane ran out of fuel.
Afghan Children Return Home From Pakistan To Lives Marked By Forced Labor More than half a million returnees are streaming back in.
Saudi Prince Flogged In Court-Ordered Punishment, Newspaper Says This comes less than a month after another prince was executed.
Brazil's 12-Year-Old MC Soffia Fights Racism with Rap Tween rapper MC Soffia, breakout star of the Rio Olympics opening ceremony, may sing about dolls and dreadlocks, but her
Turkey Rejects Europe's 'Red Line' On Press Freedom After Detentions Police detained journalists who were accused of helping precipitate the failed coup.
What The World Finds Scariest About Donald Trump So, so many things.
Iraqi Forces Battle Islamic State Inside Mosul The battle to liberate the city has effectively begun.
Iraqi Forces Attempt First Push Into Mosul As Offensive Enters Third Week The area has been held by the Islamic State for two years.
Holocaust Survivors Rock The Runway In Israel Beauty Pageant It's an event intended to recognize these women and offer respect for what they underwent.
Nigerian Soldiers & Police Sexually Abuse Boko Haram Victims, Human Rights Watch Says The cases reportedly include rape and exploitation.
Australian PM Defends Right To Permanently Bar Boat Asylum-Seekers They are instead sent to detention camps on nearby islands.
Centuries-Old Dutch Renaissance Faces Make Hilarious New iPhone Emoji There\u2019s a real art to finding the perfect emoji, image, or GIF to respond to a text. And for Molly Young, there is no better
Civilians Fleeing Through ISIS Minefields Face Detention, Prison-Like Conditions In Northern Iraq Kurdish authorities say they're protecting camps and cities from ISIS operatives.
EU And Canada Sign Free Trade Deal But The Battle Isn't Over Yet The contentious deal still faces hurdles.
Saudi-Led Raid Kills At Least 60 At Security Site And Prison In Yemen Rights groups have said that some of the raids in Yemen's conflict may amount to war crimes.
Venezuela's President Maduro To Meet Opposition As Crisis Grows Protests have stepped up as the country is in a harsh recession.
Icelanders Vote For Stability As Pirate Party Falls Short The anti-establishment activist party came third in Iceland's elections.
Turkey Shuts Media Outlets, Fires 10,000 Civil Servants Over Coup Attempt More than 100,000 people have been sacked or suspended, and 37,000 arrested.
Buildings Collapse As 6.6 Magnitude Earthquake Strikes Central Italy There are no immediate reports of deaths.
Turkish Justice Minister On Fethullah G\u00fclen Bekir Bozda\u011f, who was in the U.S. to push for the exiled cleric's extradition, also told The WorldPost Turkey's post-coup purge isn't \u201c100 percent over.\u201d
Mariano Rajoy Wins Confidence Vote To Be Spanish Prime Minister Rajoy said he would name a new cabinet on Thursday.
France's Francois Hollande Urges UK To Help Support Calais Migrant Kids The president says French authorities evacuated 5,000 people from the camp, but there are 1,500 unaccompanied minors left.
Shi'ite Militias Launch Offensive To Seal Off Western Mosul The operation would tighten the noose around Islamic State\u2019s Iraq stronghold but could inflame sectarian tension in the mainly Sunni region.
Icelandic Voters To Choose Between Pirates And Establishment Polls show the Pirate Party could topple the ruling center-right coalition.
You Need To Check Out These Mind-Blowing Scottish Street Murals Just wow.
Clashes In Central African Republic Town Leave 25 Dead Six gendarmes are among the dead.
Russia Fails To Win Re-election To U.N. Human Rights Council They were beaten by Hungary and Croatia.
Yemen's Suspected Cholera Cases Soar To 1,410 Within Weeks, WHO Says An absence of medical infrastructure has made it difficult to control the disease outbreak.
Syria's Civil War Claims The Lives Of More Schoolchildren 6 children, including a baby, have been killed in the past two days.
Police Harassment Drives Afghan Refugees Out Of Pakistan In the second part of Refugees Deeply\u2019s\u00a0\u201cReturn to Afghanistan\u201d series, Umer Ali speaks to Afghan refugees in Pakistan forced
Putin Says U.S. 'Hysteria' Over Russia Is Election Ploy \u201cIt\u2019s much simpler to distract people with so-called Russian hackers, spies, and agents of influence.\
Man Shot Dead Outside U.S. Embassy In Nairobi After Knife Attack The U.S. Embassy confirmed the shooting incident.
The Kids In The Calais 'Jungle' Camp Are Running Out Of Options Children as young as 6 are being turned away to sleep in the street.
More Than 90 Migrants Believed Missing After Boat Sinks Off Libya The rate of recorded deaths in the Mediterranean has risen sharply this year, with more than 3,740 migrants drowning on their way to Europe.
Duterte He also hinted at joining war exercises with Japan.
EU Awards Sakharov Prize To Yazidi Women Who Escaped ISIS The former sex slaves now work as advocates for the persecuted Yazidis.
Italy Earthquake Causes Widespread Damage, Sparks Panic And Fear Dozens of people sustained minor injuries and about four others more serious ones.
Suspected Islamic State Fighters Shoot And Kill Dozens Of Civilians In Remote Afghan Province Until now, Ghor has not been known as a major center for the terror group.
Spain May Not Let Russian Warships Refuel If They're Headed Towards Aleppo The country doesn't want to contribute to an operation that targets civilians.
Opposition Protesters Rally In Venezuela Against President Maduro Venezuela is in crisis as a recession takes its toll.
Wael Ghonim \Donald Trump is a living example of the damage the mobocratic algorithms of social media can do to the democratic process.\
Iraqi Christians, Protecting An Ancient Monastery, Watch Battle Against ISIS With Hope One Christian woman fled Mosul after ISIS gave her a choice
Latest Airstrikes In Syria Target Elementary School At least seven children died in rebel-held Idlib province.
NATO Seeks Troops To Deter Russia On Eastern Flank The strategy is part of an emerging new deterrent.
Earthquakes Hit Central Italy, Tremors Felt In Rome Strong earthquakes hit just months after a quake killed hundreds.
Explosion Rocks Calais 'Jungle' On Third Day Of Camp's Demolition Authorities have finished clearing the area that had been home to thousands.
The Clothes You're Wearing May Have Been Illegally Made By Syrian Refugees Workers are often paid less than $1 a day to stitch clothes for major retailers.
Slow Global Progress On Ending \u2018Legacy of Slavery\u2019 For Domestic Workers As demand for home help increases around the world, the number of countries adopting laws to protect domestic workers continues
Militants Launch Three Attacks In Somalia And Kenya In 24 Hours Al Shabaab is ramping up its activity before a new Somali president is chosen.
Iraqi Army's Elite Force Pauses Advance Near Mosul The troops are waiting for other forces to close in on the Islamic State's last major urban stronghold.
These Vertigo-Inducing Photographs Will Take Your Breath Away Simply stunning.
Photos Show The Calais 'Jungle' Going Up In Flames Demolition of the camp, home to almost 10,000, began Tuesday.
U.N. Shelves Plan To Evacuate Patients From Aleppo The country's government doesn't allow relief and medical supplies into the eastern part of the city.
Getting North Korea To Denuclearize 'Probably A Lost Cause' Clapper
Food Insecurity Plagues 1.4 Million Haitians In Hurricane Matthew Aftermath \u201cAgricultural producers have lost everything.\
4 Killed On Ride At Australia's Biggest Theme Park The incident occurred on the Thunder River Rapids Ride.
Mediterranean Three Times More Deadly Than 2015 One in 47 attempting the Libya-Italy route does not survive.
Escaping Ebola Fleeing Sierra Leone for Europe, Fatima and her family endured a dangerous journey across six countries, the Sahara Desert
Demolition Of Calais 'Jungle' Camp Plunges Refugees Into New Uncertainty Thousands of people have no idea where they will end up.
Maritime Archaeologists Accidentally Discovered 41 Ancient Shipwrecks Hulls, masts, tillers, and rudders are all clearly discernible. \u201cCertainly no one has achieved models of this completeness
After 3 Years Of Drought, A Starving Madagascar Teeters On The Brink Of 'Catastrophe' Nearly 850,000 people on the island nation are facing \alarming\ levels of hunger, according to U.N. agencies.
Mosul Could Be A Make Or Break Battle For Iraq It could determine the future of the so-called Islamic State and reshape part of the Middle East.
We Aren't Doing Enough To Help Syrian Refugees, But How Much More Can We Do? Although we could provide refuge to the entire population of Syrian refugees, our refugee program is not limited to providing refugees with a safe haven.
Hillary Clinton's Khizr Khan Campaign Ad Finally Gives American Muslims the Humanity They Deserve As an American Muslim, I shed tears while watching this video because for once my community isn\u2019t being equated with terrorism.
1 Dead, 3 Injured As Multiple Explosions Rock Japanese City Utsunomiya was hit by the blasts on Sunday.
Iraqi Kurds Seize Town Near Mosul, As Offensive Presses On The U.S.-backed offensive is continuing its push to take back Mosul from ISIS.
Monday Deadline Set For Massive EU-Canada Trade Deal The EU has given Belgium until Monday to back a key free trade deal.
Iran's President Says The U.S. Election Is A Choice Between 'Bad And Worse' Rouhani also criticized America for  a lack of morality.
Fate Of Child Migrants Uncertain A Day Before France Demolishes 'Jungle' Camp Aid workers accuse Britain and France of failing more than 1,300 unaccompanied child migrants.
Haiti Prison Break Prompts Manhunt For More Than 170 Inmates The inmates stole rifles and other weapons from guards, killing one in the process.
Iraqi Army Drives Islamic State From Christian Region Near Mosul The military is carrying out mop-up operations across the town of Qaraqosh.
Somali Pirates Free 26 Asian Sailors After 4 Years In Captivity The freed hostages are from China, the Philippines, Cambodia, Indonesia, Vietnam and Taiwan.
Fighting Rages In Yemen As U.N. Seeks To Extend 72-Hour Ceasefire Ground fighting has continued largely unabated despite the truce.
Narges Mohammadi Won Awards For Her Peaceful Activism. Iran Put Her Behind Bars. She faces years in prison, but the U.N., rights groups and thousands of Iranians are demanding her immediate release.
Cameroon Passenger Train Crash Death Toll Tops 70 The country's president confirmed the derailment injured 600 people, as he declared a day of mourning.
ISIS Sets Sulfur Plant Ablaze In Northern Iraq, Choking The Air With Deadly Chemicals At least two civilians have died and more than 100 sought medical attention over the attack, a local medical worker said.
Here\u2019s How The World Can Adapt To The Rapid Rise Of Cities More than half of the people on the planet live in cities -- so it's more important than ever for countries to make a plan for sustainable growth.
The Islamic State Is Using Families As Human Shields In Mosul, U.N. Says Iraqi troops are busy trying to retake the city from the militants.
Duterte Didn't Really Mean 'Separation' From U.S., Philippine Officials Say The Philippines will maintain trade and economic ties with the United States and the West, Trade Minister Ramon Lopez said
Islamic State Retaliates As Iraqi Forces Push On Mosul The terror group's assault on Kirkuk killed six members of the security forces and two Iranians who were part of a team carrying out maintenance at a power station outside the city.
Doctor Facing Criminal Charges Becomes President Of Medical Ethics Group The World Medical Association appointed  Dr. Ketan Desai, who  faces corruption charges.
Airstrikes On Aleppo Are War Crimes, U.N. Human Rights Chief Says The government-sponsored bombings are responsible for the overwhelming majority of civilian casualties.
Battle For Mosul Overwhelms Efforts To Shelter Fleeing Civilians The military efforts under way in Mosul are dwarfing the humanitarian response. Campbell MacDiarmid reports from near the
London City Airport Declared Safe After Mass Evacuation Emergency responders said a suspected chemical incident was a false alarm.
U.S. Warship Challenges China's Claims In South China Sea The guided-missile destroyer USS Decatur challenged \u201cexcessive maritime claims\u201d near the Paracel Islands
Mosul Offensive Going Faster Than Planned, Iraqi PM Says The city fell to militants two years ago.
Philippine President Duterte Announces 'Separation' From The U.S. \u201cAmerica has lost now,\u201d Rodrigo Duterte said, flagging closer ties with China and Russia during a visit to Beijing.
North Korea Intermediate Range Missile Fails Immediately After Launch The failed launch was the eighth attempt in seven months to test a weapon with a design range of 1,800 miles.
U.S. Service Member Dies After Being Hit By IED Blast In Northern Iraq The U.S.-led military coalition's statement did not identify the service member or exact location of the incident.
Artists Share Illustrations To Condemn Violence Against Women In Latin America Protests broke out in various cities this week after a teenage girl was brutally raped and murdered in Argentina.
London Police Launch Terrorism Inquiry After Exploding Suspicious Package A suspicious package was detonated in a controlled explosion on Thursday.
Turkish Airstrikes On U.S.-Backed Kurdish Militia Kill Up to 200 In Syria The jets targeted the Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces in three villages northeast of Aleppo, which the SDF had captured from the Islamic State.
Abandoned Villages On Road To Mosul Rigged With Tunnels And Bombs Booby trapped bunkers suggest the advance ahead will be difficult.
U.S.-Backed Forces Prepare For ISIS To Use Chemical Weapons In Mosul The threat from chemical attacks may be limited, but the fear they create is real.
Philippine Police Van Drives Into Protesters At Anti-U.S. Demonstration In Manila It was not immediately clear how many people had been injured.
These Donald Trump Masks Are The Scariest Thing You'll See This Halloween And they only cost about $4!
Gunman Kills At Least Two American Advisers In Kabul Shooting He was then killed.
If It's Liberated, Mosul Won't Be Safe for Minorities Unless It Adopts Grassroots Democracy Otherwise, ethnic and religious strife could threaten the diverse region.
Ecuador Admits Cutting Julian Assange's Internet Over Election Meddling WikiLeaks has published hacked documents from Democratic officials, including information pertaining to Hillary Clinton.
Why The Massive U.S.-Backed Mosul Offensive Matters Here's what to know about the push to take back the major Iraqi city from ISIS.
Desperation Grips Haiti As It Struggles To Rebuild Yet Again The impoverished nation was still recovering from a massive earthquake when Hurricane Matthew hit.
Saudi Arabia Has Reportedly Executed A Prince For Murder Prince Turki bin Saud al-Kabir had pleaded guilty to shooting a man following a brawl.
Islamic State Using Human Shields As Coalition Advances On Mosul Islamic State may use tens of thousands of residents to hold onto their last city stronghold in Iraq.
Two U.S. Citizens Sentenced To 10 Years In Jail In Iran Siamak and Baquer Namazi were charged with cooperating with \the hostile government of America.\
Russian, Syrian Forces Halt Airstrikes On Aleppo The move comes ahead of a \humanitarian pause\ meant to allow civilians and rebels to leave the city.
Survivors Of Rape And Forced Marriage Seek Justice In Cambodia's Khmer Rouge Trials In Cambodia, the U.N.-backed Khmer Rouge tribunal hears from survivors of forced marriage, but critics say the court should
Somali Refugees Decry Empty Promises Upon Return From Dadaab Camp There is a large reception center in Kismayo that was built in 2014 and is equipped to accommodate up to 500 people per day
Dozens Dead After Buses Collide In Pakistan Prime minister expresses \deep grief and sorrow over the loss of precious lives.\u201d
Austria Plans To Destroy Or Convert The House Hitler Was Born In The government wants to prevent it from becoming a pilgrimage site for neo-Nazis.
Aleppo Airstrike Kills 14 Members Of One Family Many children were among the dead.
World's Oldest Panda In Captivity Dies In Hong Kong Jia Jia was 38.
Inmates Beheaded In Deadly Brazilian Prison Riot, Local Media Reports Clashes between rival factions are said to have left dozens dead.
U.S. And Britain Call For Immediate Ceasefire In Yemen Yemen's horrific war is finally getting more attention from international powers.
Syrian Rebels Claim To Capture Town Of Dabiq From ISIS The village holds huge symbolic value to the militant group.
Congo Postpones Elections As Opposition Calls For General Strike Dozens have died in recent months amid protests in the nation.
Iraq Launches Massive Offensive To Retake Mosul Mosul is the last major stronghold of the Islamic State in Iraq.
BRICS Development Bank To Increase Its Lending To $2.5 Billion Next Year The bank will also expand its staff.
USS Mason Draws Missile Fire Again Off Yemen There were several other attacks on U.S. warships earlier this week.
Iraqi Army Drops Leaflets Over Mosul As Forces Prepare For Offensive The offensive is in its final stages of preparation.
ISIS Loses The Syrian Town Key To Its Belief In The Apocalypse After fleeing Dabiq, the militant group is scrambling to explain why the world isn't ending.
U.S. Detects Failed North Korean Missile Test The Pentagon said the missile launch did not pose a threat to North America.
Deadly Attack On Yemen Funeral Based On Incorrect Information The Saudi-led coalition reportedly bombed the mourners after receiving false reports that armed Houthi leaders were in the area.
Suicide Bombing, Shootouts Kill Dozens In Iraq The Islamic State militant group has claimed the suicide attack  targeting Shiite Muslims.
Syria Talks Fail To Reach Breakthrough In Lausanne U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry was seeking a new path to peace following a failed U.S.-Russia brokered ceasefire.
Two Americans Held Captive In Yemen Released And Flown To Oman Omani officials reportedly mediated their release.
India And Russia Sign Energy And Defense Deals Worth Billions Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi said that his views were aligned with Russian President Vladimir Putin\u2019s on the unstable situation in Afghanistan and the Middle East.
ISIS Crushes Rebellion Plot In Mosul As Army Closes In The foiled plot aimed to deliver the caliphate\u2019s Iraqi capital to government forces.
Israel Furious After UNESCO Jerusalem Resolution It only referred to a holy site by its Muslim name.
UN Chief Ban Ki-moon Deplores Divisive Politicians Who Build Walls Anyone in particular?
Rwanda Is Using Drones To Deliver Blood Donations To Remote Health Centers The world\u2019s first commercial drone delivery service is in Rwanda, and it\u2019s delivering blood. The service is operated by Zipline
Clashes In Somalia Kill 11 And Displace 50,000, U.N. Says The country has been in the throes of a civil war for 25 years.
Malawians Have Taken To Social Media To Find Their President Missing In The U.S. Worried Malawians are trying to find their leader. President Peter Mutharika left Malawi on Sept. 15 to attend the United
U.S. Launches Missile Strikes In Yemen In Retaliation For Attacks Against Navy Ship The strikes represent Washington\u2019s first direct military action against Houthi-controlled targets in Yemen\u2019s conflict.
Hurricane Nicole Strengthens Into Dangerous Category 4 Storm The core of the storm will pass over or near Bermuda on Thursday.
Boko Haram Releases 21 Chibok Girls Kidnapped From School In 2014 The girls have been held hostage for more than two years.
'I'll Humiliate You' \These fools think (they can do anything) because the Philippines is a small nation,\ he said.
Relentless Bombing Kills 150 More In Aleppo This Week The Syrian government, with Russian-backed forces, is trying to take back the city from rebels.
Moving Photos Look Back At How Brazil's Youth Fought To Save Their Schools Students occupied more than 200 schools in Sao Paulo last year, stopping a scheme to close down 94 schools in the Brazilian state.
Canada's First Female Prime Minister Calls Trump A 'Sexual Predator' And a threat to democracy.
Russian Ultra-Nationalist Says Vote Trump Or Risk Nuclear War Putin ally Vladimir Zhirinovsky likes to rile people up with his controversial rhetoric.
Syrian Bomb Plot Suspect Commits Suicide In German Detention Center Investigators believe he was close to staging a serious attack before his arrest.
U.S. Ship Targeted Again By Missiles From Yemen, Officials Say It's the second attempted strike on the USS Mason in less than a week.
Suspected Paris Attacker's Lawyers Resign Over Client's Refusal to Testify \What can we do. I have said it from the beginning, if my client remains silent, I drop his defense.\
Putin Says U.S. Hacking Scandal Not In Russia's Interests \u201cThey started this hysteria.\
U.S. Suspends Deportations Of Haitians After Hurricane Matthew A brief reprieve.
Turkey Carries Out Major NATO Purge It just fired more than 100 military staff serving the alliance.
A Donald Trump Presidency Would Be Dangerous For The World The U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights says some of Trump's policies are \u201cdeeply unsettling and disturbing.\u201d
Gunman Kills At Least 14 At Shiite Shrine In Kabul Dozens were also wounded in the attack.
France Opens Its First Supervised Injection Site For Drug Users The new center will allows drug users to inject with clean syringes and under supervision.
Thousands Of Afghan Refugees Forced To Return To An Unfamiliar Home Umer Ali travels to the Pakistani border city of Peshawar for the first in Refugees Deeply\u2019s\u00a0\u2018Return to Afghanistan\u2019 series
At Least 10 Killed In Northern Syria Suicide Blast, Says Observatory The area had been liberated from the Islamic State in August.
Far Away From Home, Syrian Psychiatrists Are Helping Treat Refugees The war has increased mental health problems while making it harder for displaced Syrians to access treatment.
Bombing Kills At Least 10 In Besieged Afghan City Taliban militants have been fighting for control over Helmand province.
Haiti Grapples With Cholera After Deadly Hurricane Matthew Hits Nearly 900 people are estimated to have died in the storm.
Two Israelis Shot Dead In Jerusalem, Palestinian Attacker Killed Hamas claims the attacker was a member of its group.
Thousands Of Yemeni Protesters Call For Investigation Into Airstrike The bombing of a wake in the country's capital is believed to have killed at least 140 people.
Ethiopia Declares State Of Emergency Amid Continuous Protests The government says it is trying to restore order as intense demonstrations grow.
Saudi Airstrikes Kill Scores Of Mourners At Funeral Service In Yemen The attacks hit the site of a wake for the father of Interior Minister al-Roweishan.
Russia Moves Nuclear-Capable Missiles Into Kaliningrad Enclave A U.S. intelligence official suggested the move could be a gesture to express displeasure with NATO.
Man Kills Woman With Chainsaw In Minsk Shopping Center The attacker has been detained, but his motives remain unclear.
Five reasons why Guterres\u2019s election as UN Secretary General is VERY good news These days, good news in global politics is rare. But the election of Ant\u00f3nio Manuel de Oliveira Guterres, Portuguese politician
UN in Kenya Condemns Mandera Terror Attack On behalf of the United Nations(UN) family in Kenya, I wish to express our horror and sadness at the reports of a terror
A Trump Presidency Could Be Disastrous For Australia And The U.S. 'Pivot' To Asia Former Australian Defense Minister Kim Beazley is especially concerned about the U.S. presidential nominee\u2019s China plans.
Weekend Roundup In an era of Trump and Brexit, the Canadian philosopher's insight is especially relevant.
Hurricane Matthew May Make Haiti's Nightmare Cholera Epidemic Even Worse There are currently 500,000 children at risk of getting sick, UNICEF says.
Russia Might Restore Its Military Bases In Vietnam And Cuba They had shut down after the demise of the Soviet Union.
'Flash Crash' Decimates Sterling Overnight Amid Fears Of 'Hard Brexit' \u201cThe new British government under May appears to have chosen an economic course which could bear substantial risks.\u201d
U.S. Researcher Killed By Rock-Throwing Protesters In Ethiopia Gray was remembered as a brilliant scientist with a charming personality.
Calls To Decriminalize Sex Work Are Growing Louder In South Africa As South Africa\u2019s government debates whether or not to decriminalize prostitution, advocacy groups say the current strict
2016 Nobel Peace Prize Awarded To Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos He is the 2nd Colombian-born Nobel Laureate, after writer Gabriel Garc\u00eda M\u00e1rquez.
Exhibition Celebrates Women Photojournalists Covering Conflict Around The World Capturing war isn\u2019t only a man\u2019s job.
Iraq Turkish troops were deployed on Iraqi soil to combat terrorism.
Dozens Of Afghan Troops Training In U.S. Have Gone Missing Although the number of disappearances is relatively small, the incidents raise questions about security and screening procedures for the programs.
Iraq Requests UN Emergency Talks On Turkish Troops In North The Iraqi government condemned Turkey's plans to extend troop deployment in the country.
Pro-Brexit Politician Hospitalized After Reportedly Being Punched By Colleague The UKIP leadership hopeful was in \serious condition.\
Security Council Unanimously Nominates Guterres For Next UN Chief The former Portuguese prime minister will now likely be approved by the General Assembly.
What German Cities Have Learned From The Front Lines Of The Refugee Response Much of the responsibility in caring for refugees arriving in Germany has fallen to local authorities. This has brought challenges
Pakistan Passes Legislation Against 'Honor Killings' The loophole that allowed killers to walk free has been removed.
'Motorcycle Bomb' Explodes Near Police Station In Istanbul At least five people have been wounded, according to the provincial governor.
Nobody Asked Rio's Poor About The Olympics. So They Yelled Louder. People in the favelas found their voice protesting the games' broken promises.
Two Police Officers Stabbed In Belgium In Possible Extremist Attack Counter terror prosecutors have stepped in to investigate.
Russia Suspends Nuclear Agreement, Ends Uranium Research Pact With United States \u201cThe regular renewal of sanctions against Russia ... demands the adoption of countermeasures against the U.S. side.\u201d
Thailand Bars Entry To Teenage Hong Kong Activist All Because Of China He was invited to speak in Bangkok but was detained and sent back.
Israeli Aircraft Launch Attack On Hamas In Gaza Israeli military blamed Hamas for a rocket strike.
Antonio Guterres Is Poised To Be Next UN Secretary-General, Diplomats Say The former Portuguese prime minister looks to take on the United Nations' top job.
Turkish Troops Battle Islamic State In Syria It wants to cleanse its border region of militants.
More Than 10,000 Migrants Rescued From Mediterranean In Past 2 Days At least 50 people also died trying to make the dangerous crossing.
10 Countries Can't Keep Taking In More Than Half The World's Refugees, Amnesty International Says None of the nations are rich, and they need help.
Hurricane Matthew Nears Haiti With Potentially 'Catastrophic' Power The storm could make it to Florida later in the week.
UN Rights Chief Warns Russia Over Aleppo Airstrikes He said attacks on civilian targets may amount to crimes against humanity.
Afghan Officials Report Major Gains In Kunduz After Push By Taliban But social media accounts linked to the Taliban indicate fighting ongoing.
Wikileaks' Assange To Release Government Documents Before U.S. Election He denies the documents are geared to damage Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.
Russia Says It Has Deployed Surface-To-Air Missile System To Syria Russia claims it is intended to ensure the safety of its naval base.
More Than 6,000 Migrants Plucked From The Sea It was one of the highest numbers in a single day.
Women Reclaim Their Lives After Two Brutal Years Under ISIS Rule They rejoice in finally being able to wear bright colors, speak their minds and laugh in public.
Women Go On Strike In Poland To Protest Proposed Anti-Abortion Law Thousands of women in black gathered to protest.
Haiti And Other Caribbean Nations Brace For Monster Storm Hurricane Matthew is headed toward one of the poorest countries in the world.
Hungary's Orban Says He Will Amend Constitution To Keep Out Migrants Hungary's referendum on migrant quotas failed to legally exempt the country from resettlement plans.
U.S. Suspends Talks With Russia On Syria Ceasefire \This is not a decision that was taken lightly.\
Bombing Kills At Least 20 At Kurdish Wedding In Syria Monitors say that the attack hit a wedding in the city of Hasaka on Monday.
As Hurricane Matthew Nears Haiti, Some Resist Going To Shelters Matthew\u2019s center is expected to near southwestern Haiti and Jamaica on Monday night.
This Photographer Captures What Survival Looks Like During The Refugee Crisis \They\u2019re looking for a warm embrace, and instead they find a windowless room from which they can\u2019t even see the sun.\
Taliban Fighters Enter Northern Afghan City Of Kunduz Fighting is intensifying across the country.
Colombia Scrambles To Revive Peace After Shock Vote Voters rejected the deal struck between the government and the FARC rebels.
Can China Still Claim 'Non-Interference' In Africa? An expert from the China Africa Project weighs in.
Gas Cylinder Explodes At Spanish Restaurant, Injuring At Least 77 Saturday's blast in Velez-Malaga left five people seriously injured.
Colombians Vote In Historic Peace Referendum Millions of people will vote \yes\ or \no\ on the historic peace deal.
Australia Says MH17 Missile Suspects Might Be Confirmed By Year-End \The list of those that we believe should be held accountable will be confirmed.\
Syrian Regime Forces And Allies Advance Towards Aleppo The Syrian army has told rebels to leave their positions.
Large Majority Of Hungarians Reject Migrant Quotas In Vote The turnout of the vote appears to make the vote invalid.
Colombia Plunged Into Uncertainty As Voters Narrowly Reject Peace Deal With FARC Rebels Opponents of the pact believed it was too soft on the rebels by allowing them to re-enter society, form a political party and escape traditional jail sentences.
Aleppo Hospitals 'On The Verge Of Total Collapse' As Government Advances \u201cThe situation in Aleppo is beyond dire. We are pleading for help to stop the bombing.\
Duterte's Lack Of Leadership Is Harming Philippine Interests Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte makes bewildering statements that do not reflect the sentiments of Filipinos at home and abroad.
Prince George Bids Canada One Last Adorable Farewell From Plane Window He certainly has a nose for the spotlight.
Dozens Killed In Ethiopia After Stampede At Protest At least 50 people were killed in the stampede.
PM Vows To Make Britain 'Sovereign' In First Brexit Detail May will repeal the act that took Britain into what is now the European Union.
Russian Jets Pound Aleppo As U.S. Clings To Diplomacy The latest strikes come 10 days into a Russian-backed Syrian government offensive to capture rebel-held eastern Aleppo.
World Leaders Gather For The Burial Of Former Israeli Leader Shimon Peres Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu even shook hands at the funeral.
UN Accuses U.S. Of Deadly Drone Strike On Civilians In Afghanistan At least 15 civilians were killed and another 13 wounded, the United Nations said.
Thousands Of Colombians Fled During The World\u2019s Longest Civil War. Here\u2019s What They Think About The Peace Deal. Colombians abroad approached the referendum with a mix of excitement and skepticism.
Philippines President Duterte Likens Himself To Hitler, Wants To Kill Millions Of Drug Users The president said he would \u201cbe happy\u201d to kill millions of drug users in the country.
U.N. Fails To Agree On Independent Inquiry Of Human Rights Abuses In Yemen The Human Rights Council voted instead on a national investigation, which will likely not yield much.
Underwater Discoveries Off Greek Island Give Clues About Ancient City Submerged ruins, columns and a shipwreck point to unknown treasure in the waters around Delos.
Russia Accuses U.S. Of Supporting Terrorism In Syria Crisis A top official attacked a U.S. statement for being \de facto support for terrorism,\u201d Russian media reports.
Thousands Gather In Israel To Honor Former President Peres World leaders and dignitaries joined together to attend Peres' funeral.
7 Experts To Read On The Desperate Health Crisis In Syria In the second installment of Syria Deeply\u2019s Experts to Watch series, meet seven doctors and researchers doing incredible
Sudan Used Chemical Weapons In Deadly Darfur Attacks, Amnesty Says Up to 250 people may have died from exposure to chemical weapons, Amnesty International says.
Hundreds Are Wounded In Besieged Aleppo And Need Evacuation, UN Says Some 275,000 people are under fire in the rebel-held area of the city.
Former Israeli President Shimon Peres Dead At 93 He was one of the country's longest-serving political figures.
Syrian Bombardments Hit Aleppo Hospital, Bakery, Residents Say \u201cThe warplane flew over us and directly started dropping its missiles on this hospital,\ a doctor says.
The Taliban Watched The Debate And Were Not Impressed By Trump Militant leaders followed closely from a secret location in Afghanistan.
Afghan Civilians Among 18 Killed In U.S. Strike On ISIS, Police Say The United States confirmed it conducted a \u201ccounter-terrorism\u201d airstrike and is investigating the claims.
Russian-Made Missile Downed MH17 It was fired from territory held by pro-Russia rebels, international prosecutors say.
Russia Dismisses MH17 Findings As False, Politically-Motivated \u201cTo arbitrarily designate a guilty party and dream up the desired results has become the norm for our Western colleagues.\u201d
Typhoon Triggers Massive Landslide In Chinese Village Twenty-seven people have been reported missing.
Turkey Arrests 32,000 In Coup Plot Investigation Since July Another 70,000 face legal proceedings on suspicion they are linked to cleric Fethullah Gulen.
One Million Women Living In Poverty In Britain Have Experienced Extensive Abuse A new report details the extensive violence and abuse that many women living in poverty face.
Bulgaria Announces New Female Candidate For U.N. Leadership Race The country is nominating Kristalina Georgieva and withdrawing support for Irina Bokova.
U.S. Threatens To Cut Bilateral Ties With Russia On Syria John Kerry told his foreign counterpart that Russia must move to end the assault on Aleppo.
Just 30 Doctors Remain To Treat Wounded In Eastern Aleppo They lack equipment and emergency medicines for treating the many trauma cases.
Netanyahu Meets With Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton Ahead Of First Debate He tweeted he's \more convinced than ever that Israel-US bond will remain strong after the elections.\
No Convictions In Mexico's Missing 43 Students Case After Two Years Innocent people may have been jailed, and guilty ones may go free.
Canadian Professor Homa Hoodfar Freed From Iranian Jail The 65-year-old academic was held in solitary confinement for weeks, according to her family.
Shooting Near Supermarket West Of Paris Wounds At Least Two The suspect was known to police for violent behavior, local media say.
France Plans To Shut Down 'The Jungle' Migrant Camp In Calais President Francois Hollande called on London to help deal with the plight of thousands of people whose dream is ultimately to get to Britain.
Colombia's 52-Year War May Soon Be Over, But What Happens Next? Here's what to know about Colombia's historic peace deal referendum.
Zimbabwean Female Activists Face Abuse On The Streets And In Prison As Zimbabwe cracks down on antigovernment protests, female activists are being caught in clashes with police and sent to
Women In Jordan More Vulnerable To Effects Of Extremism As Jordan struggles with rising extremism, a new U.N. report suggests women are much more vulnerable than men to the effects
Arrest Made After Reported Hacking Of Pippa Middleton's Photos A London publication says it was offered the images for $64,000.
Battle Rages Near Aleppo, Air Onslaught Continues \u201cThe fighters are waging ferocious battles because it is a battle of existence.\u201d
Writer Who Shared Controversial Cartoon Shot Dead In Jordan Nahed Hattar was killed outside the court where he was to stand trial on  charges of contempt of religion.
Did Turkey Really Save Democracy On July 15? History shows that democracies are stable, enduring and well-functioning if they\u2019re earned through civilian struggle, not through a foreign intervention or military takeover.
Man Claiming To Be Boko Haram Leader Appears In New Video A man claiming to be Abubakar Shekau rejected rumors that he had been wounded.
Kashmir This has to be the toughest period in recent history for Kashmir. It has been locked between the government curfew and the
Corbyn Calls For Unity After Winning Leadership Of UK's Divided Labour Party He saw off a coup but faces an uphill struggle to gain the loyalty of centrist lawmakers opposed to his policies.
Fighting In Aleppo Rages On As Bombings Leave Residents Without Water Russian-backed Syrian regime fighters are advancing into rebel-held areas.
France's Hollande Says Calais Migrants To Be Dispersed Through Country The president said his goal is to dismantle the Calais camp completely.
Turkish Journalists Detained Over 'Subliminal Coup Messages' The pair will face trial for \trying to overthrow the government.\
3-Minute Vacation Let's go. Who's ready?
U.S., Russia Fail To Agree On How To Revive Syria Ceasefire \u201cThe offensive on Aleppo just shows why we need Syrian planes grounded, otherwise there will be no truce.\
Aleppo Sees Fiercest Airstrikes Yet After Syria Declares New Offensive \u201cThe planes are not leaving the sky, helicopters, barrel bombs, warplanes,\ one resident said.
More Than 130 Bodies Recovered From Migrant Boat Capsized Off Egypt The ship was carrying Africans headed for Italy.
Colombia's FARC Unanimously Approves Peace Deal With Government The accord will end a five-decade war that has killed a quarter of a million people.
Aleppo Hit By Worst Strikes For Months As Putin, Assad Ignore U.S. Plea Rebel officials and rescue workers said incendiary bombs were among the weapons that rained from the sky on the city.
Overnight Bombardment On Aleppo Kills Dozens Of Syrians \u201cIt was the heaviest airstrikes for months inside Aleppo city.\
Mexican Economic Minister Prepared 'To Talk To The Devil' If Trump Wins More praise for the GOP nominee.
'Perfectly Preserved' Nazi Time Capsule Unearthed In Poland Contents include portraits of Hitler and two copies of \Mein Kampf.\
U.N. To Resume Aid Convoy Mission In Syria After Brief Suspension A deadly attack was launched on a relief convoy near Aleppo earlier this week.
German Government Fears Xenophobia Will Do Economic Harm Violent acts by rightist supporters rose by 43% in 2015.
US Bombers Fly Over South Korea For Second Time Since North's Nuclear Test It was intended as a \show of force,\ the Air Force said.
Chinese Billionaire Gets 8 iPhone 7s For His Dog You know, as one does.
Refugee Boat Capsizes Off Egyptian Coast, Killing Dozens At least 600 Egyptian, Syrian and African migrants were aboard the boat.
In First UN Address As Leader, Aung San Suu Kyi Defends Efforts On Rohingyas Suu Kyi has been criticized for doing too little to address the plight of the Rohingya Muslims in Myanmar\u2019s Rakhine State.
Staggering Human Toll Of Southeast Asia\u2019s Annual Haze Air pollution may have caused more than 100,000 deaths last year, a new study finds.
Turkish Police Shoot Attack Suspect Near Israeli Embassy Authorities say he was armed with a knife and planned to enter the embassy.
Airstrike Kills 4 Medical Workers Near Aleppo At least nine rebel fighters also died in the raid.
Greek Journalists Say Neo-Fascist Party Members Attacked Them During Anti-Refugee Protest \The police do not respond to any of this,\ one journalist said.
For Senegal\u2019s Jailed Minors And Street Kids, Fencing Is More Than Just A Sport The training is also done as a way to reduce violence in the prison environment, and to offer a space for socialization, discipline
Two Italians, Canadian Kidnapped In Libya, Authorities Say Armed groups are active in the southern desert from where the trio was reported abducted.
Thousands Flee As Fire Rips Through Migrant Camp On Greek Island None of the more than 4,000 people in the camp was injured.
UN Postpones Aid Convoys After Deadly Attack On Relief Trucks Near Aleppo The International Committee of the Red Cross has also suspended an aid convoy.
Obama Gathers World Leaders To Pledge Billions In Refugee Aid That includes a serious financial commitment from the U.S.
Russian Jets Carried Out Airstrike On UN Aid Convoy, U.S. Officials Say Russia has denied involvement in the incident.
Kim Jong Un Hails North Korea Rocket Engine Test Success He wants to launch the satellite as soon as possible, according to Pyongyang's official news agency.
Syria's Military Declares Initial Ceasefire Period Over The military did not indicate whether the truce would be reinstated.
Burkini-Wearing Woman Gets Chased Off French Beach Villeneuve-Loubet's burkini ban has been overturned. But that didn't stop beachgoers from threatening 23-year-old Zeynab Alshelh.
Israeli Forces Kill Palestinian Assailant As Violence Surges A resurgence of violence is now in its fourth day.
In Malala\u2019s Hometown, A Young Activist Advocates For Girls\u2019 Education As a teenager, Neelam Ibrar Chattan began working to promote peace in Pakistan\u2019s conflict-torn Swat Valley. Now 23, she\u2019s
World Leaders Pledge To Improve Refugee Crisis Response In First-Ever U.N. Summit It's the topic dominating this year's General Assembly.
UN Confirms Aid Convoy Bombed In Syria Near Aleppo A monitoring group claims a Syrian or Russian warplane struck the trucks.
Aid Convoy Still Stuck In Turkey As Ceasefire In Syria Expires The aid has been sitting at the border for a week.
Merkel's Party Suffers Heavy Losses In Berlin As Voters Boost AfD The German chancellor is suffering a backlash against the government's refugee policy.
Russia Says Syria's Ceasefire Under Threat After U.S. Airstrikes Moscow is stepping up a war of words with Washington.
The View From Above A Little-Known Ancient Greek Theater In Epidaurus This small theater looks stunning from the air.
Pro-Putin Party Seen Winning Even More Power In Russia's Parliament The lower house of parliament election is being seen as a dry run for Putin's expected 2018 campaign.
Belgium Reports First Case Of Doctor-Assisted Death For A Minor Rules adopted in 2014 allow euthanasia for Belgians of all ages.
U.S.-Led Airstrikes Kill Dozens Of Syrian Soldiers The U.S. says it halted airstrikes against suspected ISIS targets after Russia warned that Syrian soldiers may have been hit.
Russia And Syrian Rebels Doubt Ceasefire Will Last Moscow has accused the rebels of breaching the truce 199 times.
Colombians Struggle to Recover After Decades of Conflict The first in Refugees Deeply\u2019s series \u201cReturnees\u201d finds that peace has come too late for many among the nearly 7 million
Philippine Hitman Says He Heard Duterte Order Killings While the president was mayor of Davao city in the early 90s.
U.S. Forces Enter Syrian Town, Then Withdraw, Rebel And Monitor Groups Say Turkey\u2019s military said in a statement U.S. special forces were supporting an operation being carried out in northern Syria.
U.S. Military Says Key ISIS Leader Killed In Airstrike Dr. Wa\u2019il oversaw ISIS' production of gruesome propaganda videos.
More Than 1 Million Refugees Have Now Fled South Sudan Most refugees are women and children, the United Nations' refugee agency said.
Swedish Court Upholds Arrest Warrant For WikiLeaks Founder Julian Assange Assange is wanted by Swedish authorities for questioning over allegations that he committed rape in 2010.
Suicide Bomber Kills At Least 25 In Pakistan Mosque The northwestern part of the country has long been a hotbed of violence.
Oromo Asylum Seekers In Egypt Are Self-Immolating Out Of Desperation Frustrations among Oromo refugees from Ethiopia stranded in Egypt over long waits for their claims to be processed by the
Syrian Children Laugh And Play During The Ceasefire Beautiful photographs show Syrian kids simply being kids.
Train Crash In Pakistan Kills At Least Four And Injures Dozens It was headed for Karachi when it  collided into a freight train.
Malaysia Confirms Another Piece Of MH370 Was Found The debris was first discovered near Tanzania in June.
Baby's Birth On A Rescue Boat In The Mediterranean A Symbol Of Hope For Refugees, Migrants Newman's family was rescued by MSF after crossing the sea as they traveled from Libya to Italy.
Duterte Ordered Killings, Hitman Tells Philippine Senate Hearing \u201cHe ordered us to kill Muslims,\u201d Edgar Matobato said.
Giant Inflatable Moon Rolls Over Cars On Wild Ride Through Streets In China Winds from Typhoon Meranti propelled the prop on its collision course.
Typhoon Meranti Slams Into China Causing Mayhem The storm registered as a super typhoon, but has since weakened.
Syria Ceasefire Deal Put To The Test As Government Forces Block Aid To Aleppo The aid delivery to rebel-held eastern Aleppo, which is blockaded by government forces, is an important test of the U.S.-Russian deal.
Parents In Northern Greece Say They Don't Want Refugee Children In Their Schools Two parents associations in the town of Oreokastro are threatening to occupy schools to block refugee kids from attending.
A Scary Number Of Minors Are Being Arrested For Planning Terror Attacks In France They're all being guided via social media by a jihadi based in the Middle East, according to police.
Civilians In Rebel-Held Aleppo Breathe Sigh Of Relief A shaky ceasefire has brought some calm to the besieged city, but promised aid deliveries have yet to show up.
Super Typhoon Meranti Hits Taiwan As Category 5 Storm \u201cThis typhoon is the world\u2019s strongest so far this year.\
Aid For Syrians Stuck On Border Due To Political Bickering Getting food to the people of Aleppo is one of the main goals of the ceasefire.
How The 20 Jews Left In Kolkata Are Using Food To Keep Their Culture Alive As borders shrink in an increasingly globalized world, some unique communities are nearing extinction. The Jews of Calcutta
Germany Arrests Three Islamic State Members Connected To Paris Attacks Then men, who are all Syrian, were allegedly sent by ISIS to carry out another attack.
Syrian Army Claims It Shot Down Israeli Warplane And Drone, But Israel Says No Way State media said the warplane attacked an army position in the southern Quneitra countryside.
Brazil's Congress Gets Rid Of Lawmaker Who Engineered Rousseff Impeachment He was charged with corruption, allegedly having taken bribes and never declaring Swiss bank accounts.
Chinese Police Crack Down On Protesters In Village Once Symbolic Of Democracy Authorities are warning the residents of Wukan about staging protests.
UN Rights Chief Condemns Assad Regime For Abuses In Syria \u201cThis is a state led by a medical doctor and yet is believed to have gassed its own people.\
Turkey Formally Asks U.S. To Arrest Cleric Gulen Over Coup Plot, Turkish Media Reports The Justice Ministry has requested Gulen\u2019s arrest for \u201cordering and leading the coup attempt,\u201d NTV says.
Syria Ceasefire Largely Holds Through First Day Of Peace Deal The United Nations Special Envoy said aid delivery to besieged areas should soon be possible.
Former Israeli President Shimon Peres 'Critical But Stable' After Stroke Doctors have sedated the 93-year-old Nobel Peace Prize winner.
Yemeni Villagers Build New Life High Above The Conflict Destroying Their Country Up in the mountaintops, villagers are safe from the raging violence below.
Iraqi Boy Drowns After Boat Carrying Migrants Sinks In Danube River The survivors told police they were a family of 10.
Plight Of Stateless Child Shines Light On Cuba And South Africa's Citizenship Dispute The little girl was finally granted South African citizenship this week.
North Korea Ready For Another Nuclear Test, South Korea Says The country's latest test sparked international outcry.
Syrian Government Determined To Take Back All Areas Lost To Terror Groups, Assad Says Despite the fact that a ceasefire was supposed to begin Monday night.
Will Letting AI Make Our Decisions Be the Best Decision We Make? I confess
Islamic State Leader Abu Muhammad al-Adnani Killed In Airstrike, Pentagon Confirms One of the group's highest-ranking officers, Adnani served as the ISIS's spokesman.
The Long Road From Raqqa To Europe After the so-called Islamic State killed his son, Khalaf and his family fled their home in Raqqa, Syria for Europe. This
Syrian Ceasefire Takes Effect, Halting Airstrikes In Most Of The Country It's still unclear whether all rebel groups plan to honor the agreement.
Ocean Warming Is Already Affecting Arctic Fish And Birds A new report finds that the \u201cstaggering\u201d rate of warming in the world\u2019s oceans is shifting fisheries, spreading disease and
Turkey Removes Two Dozen Elected Mayors In Kurdish Areas Police fired water cannons at protesters over the removals.
Cats Found Alive After Surviving 2 Weeks Beneath Earthquake Rubble Pietro and Giorgiana join a list of heartwarming animal rescues following last month\u2019s quake in central Italy.
France Arrests 15-Year-Old Boy Over 'Imminent Paris Attack The boy allegedly had ties to those who carried out a recent attack in Paris.
Some Rebel Groups Accept Syria Ceasefire Deal As Bombings Continue The U.S.-Russian deal is set to take effect Monday.
Tanzania Earthquake Kills Multiple People The 5.7 magnitude quake struck at a depth of 10 km outside of Bukoba.
Breakthrough Syria Peace Deal Raises Doubts As Fighting Continues Hours after the deal was reached, Syria\u2019s army reportedly attacked rebel-held areas in Aleppo.
China Unveils Its First Restaurant Inside An Airplane And it's not your typical airline food.
The King\u2019s Speech While France was bogged down in the burkini trap, the global offensive against jihadism got a big boost from Morocco\u2019s king
Peace Through Resilience On August 24, 2016, in Havana, Cuba, the Government of Colombia and the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia agreed to
North Korea's Nuclear Capabilities 'Speeding Up,' Warns South South Korean President Park Geun-hye said North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is \u201cmentally out of control.\u201d
Bangladesh Packaging Factory Fire Kills Many In Tongi Authorities say the blaze north of Dhaka killed at least 23 people and injured more than two dozen.
Notre Dame Terror Suspects Planned Attack On Paris Train Station, France Says One woman stabbed a police officer during her arrest, before being shot and wounded, authorities say.
At Least Four Dead After Train Derails In Northern Spain It wasn't yet clear what had caused the crash.
2 Refugee Siblings Journey In Wheelchairs From Syria To Greece \u201cFor \u2018normal people\u2019 it is very difficult. But for disabled people it is like a miracle to cross the borders.\u201d
U.S., Russia Reach Deal On Syria Ceasefire Kerry said the agreement could be a \turning point\ in the years-long conflict.
Emergency Workers Rescue Dozens Of Passengers Stranded In Cable Cars High Above The Alps More than 110 people were initially trapped on the 3-mile ride between two mountain peaks at an altitude of over  9,840 feet when three cables snared.
Syrian Family Suffering From Meningitis Evacuated For Treatment The Ezzedine family is receiving care in Damascus, but other ill Syrians remain trapped by a siege.
North Korea's Largest Nuclear Test Draws Global Condemnation The blast, on the 68th anniversary of North Korea\u2019s founding, was more powerful than the bomb dropped on Hiroshima, according to some estimates.
Duterte Claims He Never Insulted Obama But U.N. chief Ban Ki-Moon is a fool, he added.
Child Suicide Attempts Are On The Rise In This Besieged Syrian Town The psychological distress of war and conflict in Madaya cannot be ignored.
Francois Hollande The French leader slammed bans in some towns as \unconstitutional.\
2 Pakistani Migrants In Greece Return Lost Wallet To Its Owner \u201cThey were two polite young men who are struggling to survive.\
World Leaders Try To Avoid South China Sea Tensions At ASEAN Summit Beijing is accusing countries of interfering in its waters.
Rio Paralympics Crowd Boos Brazil President Michel Temer At Opening Ceremony Protesters held demonstrations against the new Brazilian leader at state capitals across the country.
Deadly Flash Floods Devastate Greece \u201cI have never seen anything like it,\ said the mayor of Kalamata, a hard-hit city in the country's south.
Armenian Prime Minister Hovik Abrahamyan Resigns \We need a new approach, new start. That's why I've decided to resign and let the president form a new government.\
Camerawoman Who Tripped Fleeing Refugee Charged In Hungary Pertra Lazlo was fired from her job following the incident last year, now she faces prosecution.
Hey, Gary Johnson, This Is What Aleppo Is It's kind of a big deal.
Israeli Researchers Say Mahmoud Abbas Was A KGB Spy In The 1980s The Palestinian government denied that Abbas had been a Soviet spy, and accused Israel of \u201cwaging a smear campaign\u201d aimed at derailing efforts to revive peace negotiations that collapsed in 2014.
Watch What This 6-Year-Old Girl Does When Robbers Enter Her Family's Store \u201cIt was amazing. She\u2019s fine. We\u2019re all fine,\u201d her father said.
Priyanka Yoshikawa, Japan's Half-Indian Miss World Contestant, Speaks Up Against 'Haafu' Bias Japan\u2019s recently-selected representative for the Miss World beauty pageant this year has already caused quite a stir on social
US payment of $1.7 billion to Iran made entirely in cash WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 The Obama administration acknowledged late Tuesday that its transfer of $1.7 billion to Iran earlier this
Paris Police Arrest Second Couple Over Notre Dame Gas Cylinders Authorities found a car containing seven canisters parked yards from the cathedral.
Europe's Most Refugee-Friendly Country Is Growing Weary Sweden has long been Europe\u2019s most welcoming country for refugees. The Scandinavian country received more refugees per capita
UNICEF says 28 million children uprooted by global conflict UNITED NATIONS (AP) \u2014 Some 28 million children around the globe have been driven from their homes by violent conflict, with
This Might Be The World's Toughest Job Interview The most difficult job interviews are usually the ones with curveballs
Fighting In Syria's Hama Province Displaces 100,000 In One Week Rebels and pro-government forces are battling for control of the region.
Russian Fighter Jet Flew Within 10 Feet Of U.S. Spy Plane, Officials Say U.S. officials deemed the incident \unsafe and unprofessional.\
Top Saudi Cleric Says Iran Leaders Not Muslims As Hajj Row Mounts Ayatollah Ali Khamenei criticized Saudi Arabia over how it runs the hajj after a crush last year killed hundreds of pilgrims.
A Retrospective On South Africa \u2013 Lawyers As Vanguards My remarkable visit to Cape Town, South Africa, where I delivered the Rabinowitz Lecture at the University of Cape Town (UCT
British Airways Tech Glitch, London City Airport Protest Spark Global Delays Black Lives Matter protesters locked themselves together on the runway.
The President Of The Philippines Can't Stop Calling People Sons Of Whores Obama isn't the only political leader Rodrigo Duterte has insulted.
U.S. investigating potential covert Russian plan to disrupt November elections U.S. intelligence and law enforcement agencies are investigating what they see as a broad covert Russian operation in the
Monitors And Rescue Workers Report Chlorine Attack In Aleppo This is the second alleged chlorine attack in as many months.
Top UK Islamist Preacher Sentenced For Encouraging Islamic State Support He believes Muslims have a duty to pledge allegiance to the caliphate.
VR Pioneer Chris Milk \u201cI don\u2019t think the future of VR looks like video games; I don\u2019t think it looks like cinematic VR; I think it looks like stories
This Syrian Family Saved Their Critically Ill Son, But Now They\u2019re Trapped With The Same Illness 11-year-old Yaman was evacuated to Damascus from the town of Madaya for treatment, but his family was left behind and don\u2019t know where to turn.
Obama Vows To Strengthen North Korea Sanctions After Missile Launches He said after meeting his South Korean counterpart the U.S. would show \unwavering\ support for its allies.
U.S. Gives Laos $90 Million In Aid To Help Clear Unexploded Ordnance From 1964 to 1973, U.S. warplanes dropped more than 270 million cluster munitions on the communist country, one-third of which did not explode.
Goose Hunters Find 1,000-Year-Old Sword Just Lying On The Ground Maybe it belonged to 10th century LARPers?!
Obama Cancels Meeting With Philippine President Who Called Him A 'Son Of A Bitch' \I don\u2019t give a s**t about anybody observing my behavior,\u201d President Rodrigo Duterte said.
North Korea Fires Three Ballistic Missiles As G20 Leaders Meet In China \u201cWe are still analyzing details but this is a grave threat to our nation\u2019s security, and we express deep concern,\u201d the Japan Defence Ministry said in a statement.
Blasts Kill Dozens In Syria As U.S.-Russia Truce Talks Make Little Progress By Lisa Barrington and Roberta Rampton BEIRUT/HANGZHOU, China (Reuters) - Explosions in government-controlled areas of Syria
Hundreds Flee As Wildfires Rage Around Eastern Spain's Tourist Resorts Authorities believe the blazes were deliberately started.
Australian Teen Jailed Over ANZAC Day Kangaroo Bomb Terror Plot Sevdet Ramadan Besim, 19, was sentenced to ten years in prison.
UN Human Rights Chief Compares Trump To ISIS \The atmosphere will become thick with hate; at this point it can descend rapidly into colossal violence,\u201d
Tel Aviv Building Site Collapse Kills At Least Two People JERUSALEM (Reuters) - A parking garage under construction collapsed in Tel Aviv on Monday, killing at least two people and
Turkish-Backed Rebels Clear ISIS From Border, State Media Claims Turkey has made a big push into northern Syria in recent weeks.
Rescue Team Saves Boy Dangling From Ski Lift In Dramatic Video \u201cIt was pretty scary.\
British Prime Minister Says Brexit Will Wound U.K. Economy \I won't pretend it's going to be all plain sailing,\ May said.
Merkel's Party Beaten By Anti-Immigrant AfD In German State Election Exit polls show a stinging defeat for the German leader's party.
At Least 38 Killed In Afghanistan After Fuel Tanker Collides With Bus KABUL (Reuters) - At least 38 people were killed and 28 were injured in Afghanistan after a fuel tanker collided with a passenger
Theresa May Breaks With Brexiteers Over Immigration Proposals May also declined to commit to Leave campaign promises to increase healthcare spending.
Philippines President Declares 'State Of Lawlessness' After Bombing Kills 14 The explosion comes as the government battles militants, drugs and corruption.
Venezuela's Maduro Jeered, Dozens Detained, Activists Say The display of anger followed a vast march in Caracas on Thursday that opposition leaders say has emboldened President Maduro\u2019s foes after 17 years of socialist rule.
Turkish Tanks Roll Into Syria, Opening New Line Of Attack Turkey is hoping to drive out Islamic State militants and check the advance of U.S.-backed Syrian Kurdish fighters.
Bombs Kill At least 12, Wound Dozens At Pakistan Court The attacks occurred hours after militants killed two people in a Christian neighborhood in the same region.
Germany\u2019s Jewish Community Is Nervous About The Rise Of Populist AfD Party \u201cThey\u2019re spreading fear and prejudice, thereby endangering the cohesion of our society.\u201d
Putin Says He Doesn't Know Who Hacked The DNC's Emails \I don't know anything about it, and on a state level Russia has never done this.\
Breast Cancer Almost 70 percent of all breast cancer deaths now occur in low-income countries. In the first part of our series \u201cThe Shifting
Blast Kills At Least 12 As Philippine President Visits Hometown The incident took place at a street market outside the high-end Marco Polo hotel in Davao.
As Hong Kong Goes To The Polls, Why Isn\u2019t The Communist Party On The Ballot? Nearly 20 years after China resumed sovereignty over the former British colony of Hong Kong, the Chinese Communist Party
Diplomats Say Uzbekistan's Authoritarian President Islam Karimov Dead At 78 The Uzbek government did not immediately confirm the reports.
Disappearances Day And The U.A.E. On Tuesday, the United Nations commemorated the International Day of the Victims of Enforced Disappearance. \u201cDisappearances
As Instability Rises, Some African Nations Must Choose Between China And The West For Help Economic and political turmoil are putting a number of countries in a tough place.
Brazil Now Has A President No One Voted For Here's what to know about Brazil's President Michel Temer.
Venezuelans Are Marching To Demand President Nicol\u00e1s Maduro Leaves Power Human rights activist Lilian Tintori says the people have had enough.
U.S., Partners Secretly Agreed To Allow Iran To Evade Restrictions In Nuclear Deal Among the exemptions were two that allowed Iran to exceed the deal\u2019s limits on how much low-enriched uranium it can keep in its nuclear facilities.
Canada Is Finally Launching An Inquiry Into Its Missing And Murdered Indigenous Women Crisis A shocking number of homicide and disappearance cases remain unresolved after decades.
Greece Sees Slight Uptick In Refugee Arrivals In August The coup in Turkey could be part of the reason.
Canadian-Iranian Professor Hospitalized After Months In Iranian Jail Homa Hoodfar's family says she could hardly walk or talk.
Mexico President Enrique Pena Nieto said he invited the candidate to Mexico to confront those threats.
How Russia Often Benefits When Julian Assange Reveals the West\u2019s Secrets American officials say Mr. Assange and WikiLeaks probably have no direct ties to Russian intelligence services. But the agendas
Violence Erupts In Gabon Following Disputed Election Results Opposition supporters clashed with police and loyalists to the country's president, who won yet again.
Syrian Rebels Wage Major Offensive In Hama Province It's the largest coordinated attack on government forces in the area since 2014.
White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest says he is \not aware of any facts that would substantiate a claim like that.\
3,000 Migrants Saved From Mediterranean Sea In 30 Separate Rescue Missions The migrants were packed on board dozens of boats, many of them rubber dinghies that become dangerously unstable in high seas.
Six Teenagers In Britain Suspected Of Killing Polish Man In Hate Crime There's been an uptick in xenophobia and racism since Britain decided to leave the EU in June.
Duterte Asks Obama To Listen To Him On Human Rights The two are scheduled to meet in Laos next week.
Brazil's Senate Votes To Remove President Dilma Rousseff From Office The country's first female president will be removed from office.
France's Marine Le Pen Backs Trump And Denounces Clinton The French far-right leader said \it's everything but Hillary Clinton.\
North Korea Executes Vice Premier For Not Sitting Up Straight, South Korea Says Kim Jong Un has been purging top officials since he came to power in 2011.
Turkey Has Arrested 865 People In Connection With Islamic State This Year More than half were foreigners.
At Least 10,000 Killed In Yemen Civil War It's almost twice as many deaths as what was previously thought.
High-Ranking ISIS Spokesman Killed In Aleppo, Group's Amaq Agency Says Abu Muhammad al-Adnani was one of the group's most important figures.
Cat Is Pulled From Rubble 6 Days After Italy's Deadly Earthquake The cat's owner called her beloved pet \all I have left.\
US-Led Coalition Planes Hit ISIS In Syria, Turkey Says It's all part of a Turkish push in northern Syria.
AP documents 72 mass graves in territory freed of IS HARDAN, Iraq (AP) \u2014 Peering through binoculars, the young man watched as Islamic State extremists gunned down the handcuffed
Texas Businesswoman Charged With Espionage In China The charge comes 17 months after Sandy Phan-Gillis was arrested by Chinese authorities.
Climate Change Is Destroying Monarch Butterflies' Habitat In Mexico In the winter months of 2015-2016, monarch butterflies had their best migration in years, arriving in record numbers to the
Defiant Rousseff Says Brazil's Democracy On Trial With Her She emotionally denied any wrongdoing.
Suspected Suicide Car Bomber Attacks China's Embassy In Kyrgyzstan The driver of the vehicle was killed and three people were injured.
Duterte Offers Reward For Corrupt Police Linked To Drugs More than 1,900 have been killed since he came to power.
Italy Earthquake Survivors To Live In Tents Until January, Amatrice Mayor Says The town is preparing for the long rebuilding process.
Australian Aid Worker Kerry Jane Wilson Freed 4 Months After Kidnapping In Afghanistan She was taken by two armed men from the offices of a charity in Jalalabad in April.
FBI says foreign hackers penetrated state election systems The FBI has uncovered evidence that foreign hackers penetrated two state election databases in recent weeks, prompting the
Lightning Bolt Kills More Than 300 Reindeer In Norway It \happened in one moment,\ a spokesman for the Norwegian Environment Agency said.
France's Sarkozy Says He Would Change Constitution To Ban Burkinis He views himself as a defender of French values.
Striking Photos Show How Determined Migrants Still Are To Reach Europe Thousands have been saved in harrowing rescue missions over the last two days.
Suspended Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff To Take The Stand At Impeachment Trial On Monday With the odds stacked against her, Rousseff\u2019s testimony appears to be aimed at making a point for the history books rather than a bid to sway the Senate to block her eviction from office.
Farc's 'definitive' ceasefire takes effect in Colombia A ceasefire has come into effect in Colombia between the main leftist rebel group and the government, ending one of the world\u2019s
Suicide Car Bomber Attacks Militia Compound, Killing At Least 54 In Yemen The Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attack.
FarmBot Will Grow Your Food For You; Just Press Go What if you could grow food in your backyard with little to no understanding of gardening? A new robotic system may make
Brazil's Dilma Rousseff Defends Herself At Impeachment Trial The suspended president took the stand on Monday to say the future of Brazil was at stake.
High Toll For Libyan Troops Battling Islamic State In Sirte Fighters used tanks, rocket-propelled grenades and anti-aircraft guns to try to blast through Islamic State sniper positions.
Iran Arrests Member Of Nuclear Deal Negotiation Team Spokesman Gholamhossein Mohseni Ejei said  a member of the team was arrested on suspicion of spying.
More Bodies Found Following Italy's Devastating Earthquake At least 290 people are dead and 10 remain missing following Wednesday's quake.
Turkey Pushes Farther Into Syria As Monitor Says Villagers Killed Turkey's push into Syria is a major escalation in their involvement in the war.
An Open Letter To A Nazi Mass Murderer McKay Smith is an attorney with the U.S. Department of Justice, National Security Division. He is also an adjunct professor
The Plight Of Myanmar\u2019s Muslim Minority The genocide no one is talking about.
Bangladesh Police Kill 'Mastermind' Of Dhaka Cafe Attack Bangladesh security forces killed three Islamist militants accused of masterminding an attack on a cafe in Dhaka last month that killed 22 people, mostly foreigners.
Turkey Ratchets Up Syria Offensive, Says Warplanes Hit Kurdish Militia \u201cA dangerous escalation.\u201d
U.S. And Russia Fail To Close Deal On Ending Violence In Syria \u201cWe don\u2019t want to have a deal for the sake of the deal.\u201d
Italy Grieves As State Funeral Held For Victims Of Powerful Quake The State funeral was held for some of the 290 people killed in the earthquake.
At Least 16 Dead After Fire Breaks Out In Moscow Printing Works Twelve people were reportedly rescued from the blaze.
Refugees In Italy Donate Money And Help Clean Up After Earthquake \u201cPictures and video of the earthquake made them think of the wars and disasters they fled from,\u201d  one aid worker said.
U.S. Navy Fires Warning Shots At Iran Vessel After Close Encounter One Iranian ship came within 200 yards of a U.S. ship in Gulf waters.
Burkini-Style Swimwear Has Been Popular In India For Years Bollywood stars may show off their bikini bodies on screen but a trip to the beach or a swimming pool in India reveals that
Aftershocks Disrupt Central Italy As Earthquake Death Toll Rises Hundreds were injured in the disaster too.
Nicolas Sarkozy Promises Nationwide Ban Of Burkinis If Elected The presidential hopeful echoes calls from conservative and far-right leaders to ban the full-body swimsuit across France.
A Curiously Timed Arrest In Florida Is Rocking Colombia Andr\u00e9s Felipe Arias, convicted on corruption charges, was arrested hours before Colombia announced a peace deal with FARC guerrillas.
Syrian Boys Cry For Brother Killed In Aleppo Bombing The airstrike killed 15 people, including 11 children.
British Economy Escapes Brexit Blow, For Now The overwhelming view from economists is that it is too early to know how Britain will cope with years of Brexit uncertainty - but there is a growing belief the country can avoid a recession.
Kenya Reverses Decision To Close World\u2019s Largest Refugee Camp Yet Again Kenya has backed down yet again on its decision to close Dadaab, the world\u2019s largest refugee camp. Interior minister Joseph
Italy Quake Death Toll Hits 267, State Funeral Planned A day of national mourning was announced, with flags due to fly at half staff around the country for the dead, who include a number of foreigners.
Belgium Sports Center Explodes, Killing At Least 1 And Injuring Others Gas was suspected as the cause, but the region has been on edge after a series of attacks in Europe
The First Long, Dark Night After The Earthquake In Central Italy \u201cThis is the end of our wonderful town. There\u2019s nothing left now.\
Kayla Mueller in Captivity American hostage Kayla Mueller was tortured, verbally abused, forced into slave labor for ISIS\u00a0commanders in Syria and raped
Judge Crushes Efforts To Appeal Oscar Pistorius' Lenient Sentence He had been given six years in prison for the murder of Reeva Steenkamp.
Top French Court Makes Initial Ruling To Suspend Burkini Ban The Conseil d\u2019Etat gave the ruling following a request from the League of Human Rights to overturn the burkini ban on the grounds it contravenes civil liberties.
Italy Earthquake Death Toll Climbs To Nearly 250 As Rescue Teams Continue To Search Through Rubble Rescuers saved a 10-year-old girl, pulling her alive from the rubble where she had lain for some 17 hours. Many other children were not so lucky.
Brazil Senate Opens Rousseff's Impeachment Trial She's expected to leave office next week.
Without Aid, 49,000 Children Will Die This Year In Nigeria, UN Says They're facing severe malnutrition.
American University In Kabul Attack Leaves 12 Dead Security forces killed two suspects after the hours-long attack.
Truck Driver Playing 'Pokemon Go' Kills Pedestrian In Japan, Police Say Another pedestrian was also injured in the crash.
German Leaders Are Split Over Proposed Burqa Ban \The way to integration beyond the burqa lies through education and emancipation, and sweeping bans inhibit that process,\ one politician says.
Al Shabaab Militants Attack Somali Beach Restaurant A gunfight is reportedly ongoing.
UN Human Rights Chief Calls For Probe Into Saudi Airstrikes In Yemen Report accuses the Saudi-led coalition in Yemen for the largest part of the 3,799 civilians killed.
Kim Jong Un Calls North Korea Sub Missile Launch 'Greatest Success' He also says the country is now in the \front rank\ of nuclear military powers.
Turkish Tanks Roll Into Syria, Pushing Islamic State Out Of Key Border Town It's Turkey\u2019s first major U.S.-backed incursion into Syria.
Gunmen Attack American University Of Afghanistan In Kabul The hours-long attack created chaos, students barricading themselves in classrooms.
Iran Vessels 'Intercept' U.S. Ship, Defense Official Says The official called the incident \unsafe and unprofessional.\
UN/OPCW Report Blames Syria Government, Islamic State For Chemical Attacks The report sets up a UN Security Council showdown between members on how to respond.
Erdogan The Pennsylvania-based cleric is being held responsible for the failed coup last month.
Turkish Military, U.S.-Led Coalition Warplanes Launch Anti-ISIS Operation In Northern Syria Turkey has vowed to \u201ccompletely cleanse\u201d Islamic State militants from its border region.
French police make woman remove clothing on Nice beach following burkini ban Photographs have emerged of armed French police confronting a woman on a beach and making her remove some of her clothing
This Man Is Paying The Fines For Women Ticketed Under France's Burkini Ban He says he's just defending human rights.
North Korea Reportedly Lays New Landmines Near Border Truce Village The country also conducted its fourth nuclear test this year.
Fisherman Reveals He's Been Hiding Incredibly Large, Rare Pearl For 10 Years He reportedly kept the gem as a good luck charm, unaware of its value.
Turkey Formally Requests Extradition For U.S.-Based Cleric Gulen The U.S. State Department has revealed that they have received the request.
UK Three British Muslim siblings were left traumatised after being escorted off a plane in London and interrogated on the tarmac
John Kerry Warns South Sudan \Our hope is that the government, the transition government will seize the bull by the horns here and get the job done.\
Turkey Fires At Islamic State Targets Across Syrian Border Rebels are wrestling to take the area back from militants.
Lessons From The Syrian Opposition's Aleppo Offensive Only one month ago, Syria\u2019s largest city of Aleppo seemed on the cusp of humanitarian catastrophe. Some 350,000 civilians
My Syrian Father For him, I advocate for a free and democratic Syria.
At Least 20 People Involved In Thailand Bombings But no group has claimed responsibility for the attacks, which rocked the country earlier this month.
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto Accused Of Plagiarism The Casa Blanca scandal dealt a major blow to the reputation of Pena Nieto, whose poll numbers have recently hit all-time lows.
Drug War Deaths Climb To 1,800 In Philippines In the last seven weeks alone.
Turkey's PM Backtracks On Identity Of Wedding Suicide Bomber The president had stated yesterday the bomber was likely a child.
Iran \u201cThey did this (operation) and it is finished for now.\
Yemeni Refugees Seek Safety In One Of The World's Poorest Places ASTHMA NIBAH CAN speak the language of the country where she has sought refuge. Growing up in Yemen, her stepmother was Somali
Joint U.S.-South Korean Drills Begin Despite North Korean Threats The North calls the exercises preparations for invasion, and early on Monday threatened a pre-emptive strike.
Almost Half Of The Victims In The Turkey Bombing Were Under The Age Of 14 The attacker was also aged between 12 and 14.
Harvard Biologists Just Demonstrated the Most Extensive Reengineering of a Genome Yet Researchers at Harvard Medical School have \u201cradically rewritten\u201d the genome of bacteria E. coli.\u00a0The team has replaced 7
Navy SEAL To Pay $6.8 Million Over Tell-All Book On Bin Laden Raid Matt Bissonnette had faced legal action after penning his book without the Pentagon's permission.
Iraq Hangs 36 People Convicted Of Mass Killing It's the highest number of militants executed in one day by the Iraqi government since ISIS seized territory in the country.
FBI Investigating U.S. Ties To Alleged Corruption By Former Ukraine President The alleged scandal reportedly involves Paul Manafort, who recently resigned as chairman of the Trump campaign.
Older Brother Of Omran Daqneesh Dies From Injuries Sustained In Airstrike Ali Daqneesh is one of more than 400 civilians killed by violence and airstrikes in the Aleppo area this month alone.
Russian Warships Target Syria With Missiles The attacks are a further sign of Moscow\u2019s broadening military effort in Syria.
Deadly Blast Rocks Wedding Ceremony In Turkey's Gaziantep President Erdogan said the suicide bomber was a child between 12 and 14 years old.
Turkey Approves Reconciliation Deal Ending 6-Year Feud With Israel Relations between the two countries crumbled in 2010 after Israeli marines stormed a Turkish ship.
Who Is ISIS Executing And Why? (With Charts) Who is the Islamic State (ISIS) executing, and why? My analysis of 6,019 executions (gathered in an original dataset based
Evaluating Federalism For The Philippines Federalism has been an important aspect and ingredient and many of the world\u2019s community of nations. In fact, around 70% of
Syrian Boy With Meningitis Evacuated From Besieged Town Eleven-year-old Yaman, who was suffering for weeks, is now finally receiving help.
Pentagon Warns Assad Regime to Avoid Action Near U.S. and Allied Forces WASHINGTON\u2014The Pentagon warned Friday that the Syrian government would be \u201cwell-advised\u201d not to strike U.S. and allied military
Mexico Police Executed 22 On Michoacan Ranch In 'Grave' Rights Abuse, Report Finds The National Human Rights Commission says officers also moved bodies and tortured two people they arrested after the shootout.
German Conservatives Propose Partial Face Veil Ban \u201cWe unanimously reject the burqa, it does not fit with our liberal-minded society,\u201d the country's interior minister said.
Syrian Rebels Cautiously Welcome Proposal Of Weekly Ceasefire In Aleppo The pause in fighting is intended to allow aid to reach besieged areas.
Meet The People Who Refused To Be Evicted Ahead Of The Rio Olympics They have new homes in the Vila Aut\u00f3dromo community and bitter memories.
To Combat Historic Murder Rate, Venezuela Crushes 2,000 Guns, Plans Registry Of Bullets \u201cWe are going to bring disarmament and peace.\
UN Welcomes Russian Words On Aleppo Truce Russia said on Thursday it would support a 48-hour ceasefire in Aleppo, a move the U.N. Syria envoy said would allow aid to reach besieged areas soon.
\u2018The Boy In The Ambulance\u2019 Shows The Chilling Reality Of Syria\u2019s Bloody War He's one of tens of thousands of children who are victims of the country's relentless conflict.
This Boy Is Dying Of An Illness Doctors Can Treat, But Syria's War Won't Let Them Eleven-year-old Yaman can be saved if the Syrian government lets him out of his besieged town.
Enslaved in Libya Islamic State fighters in Libya have abducted at least 540 refugees in six separate ambushes over the past 18 months. Many
Two Car Bombs Kill At Least 7 And Wound Hundreds In Southeast Turkey The government blamed Kurdish militants for the attack.
U.N. Admits Role in Cholera Epidemic in Haiti For the first time since a cholera epidemic believed to be imported by United Nations peacekeepers began killing thousands
India Ready For Pakistan Talks, U.N. Alarmed By Kashmir Violence The olive branch comes after 40 days of violent protests in Indian-ruled Kashmir.
Muslims Give The Best Responses To French Politician\u2019s Call For Them To Be \u2018Discreet\u2019 \Don't say 'I don't eat non-halal meat.' Say 'I'm a vegan,'\ one Tweet says.
Australia Agrees To Close Refugee Detention Centre On Manus Island The ultimate fate of 800 asylum seekers held in the camp remains unclear.
New Statistics Show Climbing British Inflation Post-Brexit After the UK voted to leave the European Union in June, the pound promptly had its worst day in history against other major
UN Launches Investigation Into Peacekeepers' Response To South Sudan Attack UN peacekeepers are accused of failing to respond to an attack on a Juba hotel by uniformed men who killed a journalist and raped several civilians.
Oil Tanker Carrying Over 237,000 Gallons Of Diesel Hijacked, Malaysian Authorities Say The ship, Vier Harmoni, has been located in the waters off Batam, Indonesia.
'I Just Want To Go Home,' Says Girl Rescued From Boko Haram Amina Ali was held captive for two years.
After Massive Crackdown, Turkey To Release 38,000 Prisoners To Make Space For Alleged Coup Plotters \This measure is not an amnesty.\
Explorers In Poland Are Digging For Legendary Nazi Gold They're hunting for a treasure-filled train that is rumored to have disappeared in a secret tunnel at the end of World War II.
Turkish Police Raid 44 Firms In Coup Probe, To Detain Executives The companies are accused of giving financial support to U.S.-based Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen.
China Launches World's First Quantum Satellite For Hack-Proof Program The Chinese government says it will transmit \uncrackable keys from space to the ground.\
Radical Islamist Preacher Anjem Choudary Found Guilty Of Supporting ISIS Choudary was convicted of using online lectures and messages to encourage support for the group.
These Photos Remind Us That Burkinis Are An Awesome Expression Of Personal Style Some French towns are banning the swimwear, claiming that doing so helps protect women's rights.
German Minister Says Trump Ignored Facts With Dig At Angela Merkel's Refugee Policy \I'm sorry that the Republican presidential candidate trumpets out things like that without any factual basis.\
French Government Defends Towns That Banned Burkinis On Beaches An anti-Islamophobic group  has filed a complaint in France's highest administrative court over the decisions.
Is Terrorism Getting Worse? In the West, Yes. In the World, No. Global terror indexes are showing a rise in terror deaths in the West, but it's becoming less of a problem in many other countries.
Brazilians Are Furious With The New York Times The outlet described their favorite biscuit as \u201ccrumbly texture and nothing else.\u201d
UN Secretary-General Condemns Saudi Airstrike On Yemen School That Killed 10 Children More than two dozen children were also wounded in the attack.
Saudi Airstrikes Hit MSF Hospital In Yemen, Killing At Least 11 The destruction of medical facilities has become a tactic of war.
When Schoolgirls Become Mothers in Rural Indonesia In the villages of Indonesia, teens often have limited access to family planning due to misconceptions about birth control and cultural taboos.
Social Unity Is Most Important, Says PM Modi On India's 70th Independence Day In his third independence day address, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday called for a tough and \u201csensitive\u201d approach
Car Bomb Kills Three In Southeastern Turkey Kurdish militants are suspected of having carried out the attack.
IBM\u2019s New Artificial Neurons a Big Step Toward Powerful Brain-Like Computers Thanks to a sleek new computer chip developed by IBM, we are one step closer to making computers work like the brain.
Boko Haram Video Claims To Show Kidnapped Schoolgirls The terrorist group claims some of the girls have been killed in air strikes
Libyan Forces And U.S. Airstrikes Fight To Push ISIS Out Of Libyan City This month has seen a big push to dislodge ISIS from their stronghold in Sirte.
Woman And Suspect In Swiss Train Attack Die Of Their Injuries Two girls are also in serious condition after Saturday's attack.
Are The Rio Games Showing Brazil As An Emerging Power? Is Rio 2016 showing the world Brazil is a country on the rise?
Two-Word Solution For A Perfect Pakistan Pakistanis across the globe are celebrating 14th of August, their national independence day in full swing by locals showing
Fidel Castro Thanks Cubans, Slams Obama On 90th Birthday Thousands of Cubans danced in the streets to celebrate the former leader's birthday.
Hackers Target Russian Olympic Whistleblower, World Anti-Doping Agency Says The watchdog says Yulia Stepanova\u2019s electronic account at WADA was illegally accessed.
Banning 'Burkinis' From The Beach Is Stupid And Sexist The mayor of one French resort town claims the ordinance will \protect\ women.
Several Burned, Stabbed In Swiss Train Attack Police say a 27-year-old man injured six passengers, including a young child.
Turkey Says It Won't Compromise With U.S. Over Gulen Extradition Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says U.S. Vice President Joe Biden will visit Turkey this month, but there's \no room for negotiation\ on the cleric.
Ousted Political Party Denies Role In Thai Blasts As Police Hunt Suspects Analysts say suspicion would inevitably on fall on enemies of the ruling junta beaten in the referendum or insurgents from Muslim-majority provinces in the south of the mostly Buddhist country.
U.S.-Backed Forces Seize Control Of Syria's Manbij From ISIS Syrian Democratic Forces freed more than 2,000 civilian hostages.
Airstrike On Yemen School Kills Several Children Aid group Doctors Without Borders says 21 people were injured in the attack.
Regional ISIS Leader Killed By U.S. Drone Strike Hafiz Saeed Khan was leader of the Islamic State branch in Afghanistan and Pakistan.
Thailand Tourist Spots Shaken By Deadly Bombings Four people were killed and dozens were wounded in blasts on Thursday and Friday.
Vladimir Putin's Longtime Chief Of Staff Steps Down From Key Russian Post Sergei Ivanov also worked as Putin's deputy when the president ran the FSB security service.
Philippines Seeks Peace With China, Special Envoy Says The South China Sea dispute has frayed ties between the two countries.
London Schoolgirl Who Left To Join ISIS Killed In Syria, Lawyer Says Kadiza Sultana reportedly died in a Russian airstrike as she was making plans to return to Britain.
These Spaniards Share The Reasons They Left Their Home Country \I\u2019m living through a lot of drama here, trying to pay rent, asking my parents for 200 euros at the end of each month just to be able to buy food.\
Feel The Joy Of These Refugees In Rio As They Watch One Of Their Own Compete These Congolese men and women were filled with pride watching judoka Popole Misenga.
Several Syrians Killed In Suspected Gas Attack On Aleppo A hospital spokesman says medics had recorded four deaths from gas poisoning and 55 injuries.
A Pill A Day To Keep HIV Away For Young South Africans For the last six months, Thulisile has been taking pills used to treat people with HIV. But she\u2019s perfectly healthy. The
Now You Can Finally Watch The Infamous Rob Ford Crack Tape He had some not nice things to say about Justin Trudeau.
Australia Accuses Refugees Of Falsely Reporting Sexual Abuse More than 2,000 incidents, including sexual abuse, assault and attempted self-harm, were reported over two years at the Australian-funded Nauru detention center.
Man In Ontario Raid Made 'Martyrdom Video,' Planned Attack \u201cIt was a race against time.\u201d
Canada\u2019s Inuit Launch National Suicide Prevention Strategy Canada\u2019s national Inuit\u00a0organization unveiled its highly anticipated suicide prevention strategy last week during an emotional
Twin Bombings Hit Popular Thailand Resort Explosions in Hua Hin killed at least one person and injured ten others.
Russia Announces War Games After Accusing Ukraine Of Terrorist Plot Moscow has massed troops on Ukraine\u2019s border with Crimea in recent days.
Sweden To Quiz Julian Assange On Rape Claim At Ecuadorian Embassy In London Swedish prosecutors have an arrest warrant for the Wikileaks founder over the allegations.
Quetta Bombing Rocks Pakistani City On Edge After Deadly Attack The latest blast wounded wounded 13 people.
For These African Migrants, Life In China Isn't What They Were Promised More and more Gambian migrants are giving up on their \u201cChinese Dream\u201d and doing whatever they can to head home.
Rio Olympics Media Bus Hit By Gunfire Crime has been a major concern for the Rio Olympics, and there have been other acts of violence during the Olympics.
Saudi-Led Coalition Kills 9 As Airstrikes Resume In Yemen, Medics Say The civilians died in a strike on a potato chip factory in the Nahda district of the capital, Sanaa, locals report.
New Images Suggest China Building Aircraft Hangars On Disputed Islands Towers and hexagonal structures have also been built on the islets in recent months.
The Extraordinary Journey Of India's First Olympic Gymnast Dipa Karmakar has come a long way from home. On Aug. 07, the 22-year-old from Tripura made history in Rio de Janeiro as the
Putin Meets With Erdogan To Renew Ties After Turkey's Failed Coup Turkey and Russian are making overtures to mend ties after tense times.
The Specter Of ISIS Reprisal Keeps Fearful Yazidis From Returning Home Despite Kurdish forces retaking Sinjar and its neighboring towns in northern Iraq last November, few of the region\u2019s historic
Refugees In Kenya Get To Watch Their Olympic Heroes Compete The games are being broadcast live in Kakuma, one of the largest camps in the world.
Pakistani Lawyers Go On Strike Over Deadly Bomb Attack Medical staff say up to 60 of those slain in the hospital blast were lawyers.
Turkey Formally Arrested 16,000 People In Wake Of Coup Attempt Authorities are investigating another 7,668, the Turkish justice minister says.
India's 'Iron Lady' Ends Her 16-Year Hunger Strike Irom Sharmila's long protest won her worldwide recognition.
Turkey Says Rising Anti-Americanism Can Be Calmed By Gulen Extradition \u201cIt is in the hands of the United States to stop this anti-American feeling leading to hatred.\u201d
In Rare Video Address, Japanese Emperor Akihito Asks To Leave Throne There are no legal procedures on the books for this kind of change.
Gunmen Kidnap American And Australian In Kabul, Officials Say The pair, believed to be affiliated with a Kabul university, was taken from a nearby road late on Sunday.
Filipino Officials Linked To Drug Trade Turn Themselves In The country's president has escalated the war on drugs, killing hundreds since June.
Erdogan Threatens EU-Turkey Refugee Deal Could Collapse Tensions between Turkey and Europe are on the rise after last month's failed coup.
Italian Coast Guard Officer Saves Kitten From Watery Fate In Heartwarming Rescue Charlie seems to be doing much better.
Over 60 Dead After Suicide Bomber Targets Mourners In Front Of Pakistan Hospital More than 50 mourners were entering the emergency department of the hospital when the bomb went off.
How AI Will Redefine Love Artificial intelligence is beginning to disrupt entire industries from finance to medicine. Yet the most revolutionary application
Thai Weightlifter's Grandmother Dies Watching Him Win Bronze \u201cI\u2019m not sure if she was too excited, or if maybe she was already ill,\ a police officer said.
Iran Executes Nuclear Scientist Who It Claims Spied For The U.S. Shahram Amiri was initially given a hero's welcome in Iran, before being accused of spying for Washington.
Queues, Security Scares Mark Shambolic Start To Rio Games \It\u2019s absurd, ridiculous.\u201d
Syrian Rebels Claim To Break Assad's Siege Of Aleppo Pro-government media outlets denied the claim as intense fighting continues.
Shirtless Justin Trudeau Spotted Emerging From Cave, Photobombing Wedding Separate incidents. Both caught on camera.
Turkey's President Erdogan Holds Gigantic Rally In Istanbul Over a million people gathered in a show of strength from the Turkish president.
South Africans Give Ruling ANC Worst Election Results Since Taking Power The election has reshaped the country's political landscape.
13 Dead And 6 Injured After Blaze Breaks Out In French Bar The fire began after a birthday cake with candles fell to the floor, say police.
Machete-Wielding Man Shot Dead After Injuring 2 Belgian Officers \u201cInitial indications clearly point towards terrorism,\u201d Prime Minister Charles Michel told the television channel RTL.
Man Yelling 'Allahu Akbar!' Attacks Two Belgian Police Officers With A Machete The attacker died after being shot.
Fighting Rages In Aleppo As Syrian Rebels Claim To Break Through Siege Bashar al-Assad's forces encircled rebel-held parts of the last city last month.
Indonesia And The Passion For Virginity It\u2019s time to give women, once and for all, the bodily integrity they deserve.
Greece Intensifies Crackdown On Tax Evaders The country is also going after the banks that may have helped wealthy Greeks hide money overseas.
These Are The Heroes Looking Out For Brazil's Microcephaly Babies Health care workers and women's rights advocates are teaming up to help turn the tide on the Zika virus-related condition.
French Waterpark To Host Burkini Day For Muslim Women Muslim women in France are getting their own burkini pride day. A community group near Marseille has booked out a water park
ISIS Captures Up To 3,000 Fleeing Iraqis, Executes 12 The U.N. report comes after a rights group said Islamic State fighters used civilians as human shields during clashes with Iraq Security Forces.
At Least 15 Arrested At Gay Pride Event In Uganda, Activist Says Gays and lesbians experience considerable hostility in Uganda, where homosexuality is illegal.
UK Black Lives Matter Protesters Block Road To Europe's Busiest Airport London police arrested 10 demonstrators after some locked themselves across the road.
Refugees Living In Brazil Show Their Support For Host Country\u2019s Olympic Soccer Team Iraqis and Syrians were among the most enthusiastic fans at Thursday night\u2019s match.
Deadly Flooding In Sudan Kills At Least 76 People The flooding also destroyed thousands of homes in the East African country.
Murder On The Rise In Rio's Slums Ahead Of Olympics Shantytown 'pacification' efforts have stalled.
London Knife Rampage Leaves American Woman Dead, 5 Injured Police arrested a 19-year-old man over the attack. There's no evidence that it was terrorism related.
Egypt Claims To Have Killed The Leader Of ISIS' Sinai Affiliate The affiliate has carried out numerous attacks in Egypt.
A Martial Arts School Gives Hope In One Of Rio's Most Dangerous Favelas \Here, we replace a gun for a kimono.\
South Sudan Security Forces Are Raping And Killing Civilians Investigators documented at least 217 cases of sexual violence in just 17 days in the capital last month.
Foreign Tourists Wounded In Afghanistan Ambush Three Americans were among those in the convoy when it was attacked in Herat province.
Meet The Syrian Athletes Who Dream Of Olympic Glory Damascus is sending seven Syrians to the Rio Olympics, but the war means many athletes are left behind in rebel-held areas.
North Korea Fires Ballistic Missile Into Sea Near Japan The launch follows an agreement between the U.S. and South Korea to deploy an anti-missile system.
Venezuelan Women Reluctantly Opt For Sterilization Amid Economic Crisis \I thought I would have up to five kids ... But it would be crazy to fall pregnant now.\
Brazil's Military Will Be Deployed To Guard Rio Tourist Sites Focus turns to security around tourist sites and stadiums ahead of the Games.
Francois Hollande Says Donald Trump 'Makes You Want To Retch' A Trump presidency would have global consequences, he warned.
Australia Is Ignoring Refugee Abuse To Deter Others From Coming, Rights Groups Say Refugee camps on the South Pacific island of Nauru have drawn criticism for their harsh conditions.
Thousands Of Yazidis Missing, Captive Amid Ongoing Genocide The Islamic State is using many for sexual slavery or forcing them to fight for the militant group, investigators say.
Huge Crowds Attend Funeral Of Slain French Priest Father Jacques Hamel was killed by ISIS sympathizers at a church last Tuesday.
Siberian Heatwave Sparks Anthrax Outbreak, Killing A Child And Thousands Of Reindeer It was Russia's first outbreak of naturally occurring anthrax in 75 years.
Massive, Churning Sinkhole Swallows Couple's Backyard In Australia \u201cPlease don\u2019t take my washing line.\
Toxic Gas Dropped On Syrian Town Where Russian Helicopter Shot Down, Rescuers Say A spokesman for Syria Civil Defence said 33 people, mostly women and children, were affected by the gas in Saraqeb.
Aleppo Residents Burn Tires To Obstruct Warplanes Bombarding Their City Even young children are helping to maintain the blazes.
Paris Starts Major Clean-Up Of Makeshift Memorial For Terror Victims Drawings, personal objects, and photographs will be stored in city archives.
Czech President Says Country Should Ban Refugees To Prevent 'Barbaric Attacks' He even opposes the government's modest plan to take in just 80 Syrian refugees this year.
How An Iranian Rights Activist's Hunger Strike Is Exposing The Nation's Brutal Prison System One month into her hunger strike, jailed Iranian human rights activist Narges Mohammadi has gained an army of supporters
Turkey Captures Rebel Commandos Who Tried To Seize Erdogan During Coup Bid \u201cWe will stuff them into holes,\u201d a government minister said of the coup plotters. \u201cThey will not hear a human voice again.\
Iranian Men Don Women's Hijabs To Challenge Compulsory Veiling Law \u201cI sincerely want my wife to be able to live in an Iran where she is the one who can determine what she can wear.\u201d
Rio Air Fails To Meet World Health Organization Standards Ahead Of Olympics For years, the Brazilian city has surpassed international limits for a dangerous air pollutant.
An Experiment In Jordan's Desert Aims To Provide Jobs For Syrian Refugees Policy experts are hoping that a small patch of desert in Jordan can provide global answers to the refugee crisis by giving
Tokyo Elects First Woman Governor Yuriko Koike, Japan\u2019s first female defense minister, beat former bureaucrat Hiroya Masuda as well as liberal journalist Shuntaro Torigoe.
This Is How the World\u2019s Poor Are Pioneering the Future of Energy What if it took you four hours a day to cook all your meals because, in addition to cooking, you also had to search for firewood
Rebels Launch Major Assault To Break Siege Of Opposition-Held Aleppo A quarter of a million civilians still live in the city, effectively under siege since the army aided by Iranian backed militias cut off the last road into rebel districts in early July.
U.S. Launches Airstrikes Targeting ISIS In Libya Libyan government-aligned forces are battling the militant group for control of the city of Sirte.
Russian Helicopter Shot Down In Syria The Kremlin said the military personnel on board were killed.
Death Toll In Baghdad Bombing Rises To 324 The attack, claimed by the militant group Islamic State, was the deadliest bombing in Iraq since U.S.-led forces toppled Saddam Hussein 13 years ago.
German Anti-Immigrant Party Sees Gains After Terrorist Attacks Germany remains deeply unsettled after 15 people were killed and dozens wounded in five recent attacks.
Bodies Of More Than 120 Fleeing People Wash Ashore In Libyan City Fifty-three corpses of people fleeing violence and poverty were found on a single day last week.
Muslims Attend Catholic Mass Across France In Powerful Show Of Unity One group of Muslims held a banner reading
Brazilian Drug Lord Found Living In Luxurious En Suite Prison Cell But he's not anymore.
2 Men Arrested In Belgium Over Suspected Terror Attack Plans They were detained during a series of house searches on Friday evening.
Boko Haram Survivors Are Starving To Death As Aid Falls Short \I have never heard such fear and desperation. This is a new terrible.\u201d
Turkey Kills 35 Militants After They Try To Storm Base, Officials Say The militants were spotted by aerial reconnaissance.
Russia Russia is suspected in hacks targeting the DNC and a Democratic fundraising group.
Turkey Releases 758 Detained Soldiers As Erdogan Drops Lawsuits The purges have targeted supporters of U.S.-based Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen.
Turkey's Erdogan Says To Cut Back Gendarmerie After Failed Coup One of several major changes he announced to the military.
Malawi Girls Take Self Defense Classes To Combat Widespread Sexual Violence Sexual violence against girls and young women is a common and widely accepted part of life in Malawi. With its self-defense
U.S. Military Prepares For Biggest Okinawa Land Return Since 1972 \u201cWe are respectful of the feelings of Okinawans that our footprint must be reduced.\u201d
France Detains Syrian Refugee In Connection With Normandy Priest Killing The nation is reeling from two attacks by assailants claiming loyalty to the Islamic State militant group in 12 days.
Brazil's Lula To Stand Trial For Obstruction Of Justice He was previously under investigation but is now officially a defendant.
U.S. Investigates Reports Of More Civilian Casualties In Syria Airstrikes At least 28 people, including seven children, died in airstrikes Thursday believed to have been carried out by the international coalition.
MH370 Investigators Believe Wing Part Found In Tanzania Is From Missing Plane \u201cIt is highly likely that the latest piece of debris being analyzed is from missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370.\
Turkey Shakes Up Armed Forces, U.S. Says Purges Harming Cooperation \u201cThere\u2019s no question this is going to set back and make more difficult cooperation with the Turks.\u201d
Save The Children Says Syrian Maternity Hospital Bombed There was extensive damage to the building, which is the only maternity facility for about 70 miles.
School Is \u2018Like A Miracle\u2019 For Syrian Kids In Lebanon A quarter of a million Syrian children are growing up in Lebanon without an education. We look at the obstacle course they
Up To 1 Million Could Be Forced To Flee Their Homes In Iraq In The Coming Months \u201cThe situation is unpredictable but we must prepare for the worst.\
Turkey Detains Dozens Of Journalists As EU Leaders Criticize Crackdown A crackdown following the failed coup has targeted more than 60,000 people.
UN At least 1,601 civilians were killed and 3,565 wounded in the war in the first six months of 2016.
China Scores A Victory At ASEAN Over South China Sea Ruling The international organization dropped a U.S.-backed proposal to mention a legal ruling against China.
Scotland's Sturgeon Preparing For Post-Brexit Independence From U.K. A Scottish separation from Britain would give the nation more options once the UK leaves the EU.
Duterte Defends His Deadly War On Drugs in The Philippines \We will not stop until the last drug lord, the last financier and the last pusher have surrendered or put behind bars. Or below the ground if they so wish.\
New Robot Stingray Is Part Biological \u2014 It\u2019s Powered by Living Heart Cells Researchers at Harvard University have created a biohybrid stingray. No larger than the average coin, the ray contains both
Anger, Mourning In Afghanistan After Kabul Suicide Attack \u201cHis dead body is in a hospital. He was the only bread winner of his family. I\u2019m looking here if I can find anything more from other relatives.\u201d
Bulgaria Calls Rise In Airspace Violations By Russian Aircraft A 'Provocation' \u201cIt is very worrying, so we take preventive measures.\u201d
Syrian Bomber In Southern Germany Had Pledged Allegiance To ISIS The 27-year-old had been denied asylum a year ago.
Mexican Drug Lord Denies Killing DEA Agent, Says He's Quit Trafficking \I didn\u2019t organize, kidnap or kill Mr Camarena.\
Turkish President Gains Upper Hand In Power Struggle \It\u2019s a climate of fear everywhere.\u201d
IOC Will Not Impose Blanket Ban On Russia For Rio Olympics \Russians are not the only sportsmen or women who have been found doping.\u201d
Munich Shooter Planned Attacks For A Year, German Authorities Say More information comes to light on the 18-year-old gunman who killed nine people on Friday.
Deadly Machete Attack In Germany Kills One And Injures Two Others Police say a 21-year-old Syrian refugee carried out the attack in the city of Reutlingen.
Thousands In Istanbul Put Aside Political Differences For Anti-Coup Solidarity Rally \u201cPolitical ideologies don\u2019t mean anything today,\u201d said one Turkish man. \u201cWe are here for our nation.\u201d
Turkey's Erdogan Shuts Thousands Of Schools And Charities Using Emergency Decree The president also extended the time that suspects can be detained from four to 30 days.
Iran Urges Global Anti-Terror Fight After Munich Attack \u201cThe killings of innocent and defenseless people have become another stain on human history.\u201d
World Leaders And Mourners Stand With Munich After Deadly Shooting Dear Munich
Munich Gunman Was German-Iranian Teenager With 'No Islamic Militant Ties' The 18-year-old apparently acted alone when he killed at least nine people near a busy shopping mall in Munich.
Heavy Rain In China Kills At Least 87, Thousands Evacuated Some 8.6 million people have been affected by the flooding.
ISIS Claims Suicide Attack On Kabul Protest By Hazara Minority, Dozens Killed It was one of the deadliest attacks in Afghanistan since 2001.
Trump NATO Plan Would Be Sharp Break With Decades-Long U.S. Policy \u201cStatements like these make the world more dangerous and the United States less safe.\u201d
Search For Malaysian MH370 Aircraft To Be Suspended The plane, with 239 aboard, disappeared in March 2014.
Munich Gunman Had Researched Rampages Police believe the 18-year-old gunman, who eventually killed himself, acted alone.
How A Zimbabwean Pastor's Peaceful Resistance Shook Mugabe\u2019s Regime Evan Mawarire's viral video inspired the largest protests against the 92-year-old autocrat in a decade.
It\u2019s Time For 'Erdogan\u2019s Coup' \Erdogan interpreted this attempt as 'a gift from god,'\ Turkish journalist Can Dundar opines.
The Plight Of Syria\u2019s Star-Crossed Lovers Syrian women living in the government-controlled province of Latakia must decide between love and danger if they are to marry
Brazil Probes Olympics Threats After Group Backs Islamic State Recent attacks around the globe are flaming fears of terrorism ahead of the games in August.
Painfully Adorable Panda Cub Photos Will Make You Want One Of Your Own (Or five.)
Will The 2016 Olympics Deliver On The Promise To Leave A Lasting Legacy For Rio? \Could they have done more? Yes,\ says one union president. \But what was done will still improve the quality of life of Rio\u2019s population.\
Changes To Sweden's Asylum Policies Leave Many Afghan Refugees With Uncertain Futures Sweden has a reputation for championing refugee protection. But recent changes to its asylum policies \u2013 especially the repatriation
Pakistan Bars Family From 'Forgiving' Son For Honor Killing Of Qandeel Baloch Muhammad Waseem said he had \u201cno regrets\u201d about killing his sister.
When A Woman Is Gang-Raped Twice By The Same Men, What Does That Make This Country? The horror of a young woman being gang raped twice in three years by the same men is beyond words. How could this have happened
French Leaders Jeered And Criticized In Wake Of Nice Truck Attack Many mourners at a tribute ceremony for the victims yelled at President Francois Hollande to resign.
Turkey's U.S.-Made Fighter Jets Reportedly Almost Shot Down Its President It's one of the most dramatic revelations about the failed coup.
Thousands Arrested Worldwide In Raids Targeting Soccer Gambling More than $13 million has also been seized across Asia.
Mass Ax Attack On German Train Leaves Many Wounded Police shot the attacker dead near the German city of Wuerzburg.
Turkey Demands U.S. Hand Over Cleric, As Post-Coup Purge Continues The fallout from Turkey's attempted coup continues to cause chaos in the country.
New Security Measures At Brazil's Airports Cause Havoc Ahead Of Olympics Authorities have insisted the new screenings are not related to attacks abroad.
Pokemon Go Is a Glimpse of Our Augmented Reality Future As every child knows, the world is a place of wonder, magic and adventure. A walk through the forest becomes a journey into
Hope Returns To Nice After Bastille Day Terror Attack The city's Promenade des Anglais reopened Monday after a moment of silence.
Turkey Detains Over 7,500 People As Crackdown Widens After Bloody Coup Attempt Turkish police have asked citizens to report people who \u201csupport terrorism\ as government critics warn of possible human rights abuses.
Nice Attacker Was Radicalized Swiftly, French Prime Minister Says Prime Minister Manuel Valls said there was no doubting the assailant's motives.
Turkey Reopening Incirlik Air Base To U.S. Planes After Coup Attempt The base is used to launch attacks against ISIS.
Assad Seizes Only Road Into Rebel-Held Aleppo As Siege Tightens The city has seen some of the worst fighting in Syria's deadly war.
Nice Attacker's Brother Recounts Pre-Attack Phone Call Bouhlel\u2019s sister said he had been having psychological problems when he left for France in 2005.
UC Berkeley Says California Student Nicolas Leslie Among Dead In Bastille Day Attack July 17 (Reuters) - A California university student who has been missing since Thursday\u2019s Bastille Day attack in Nice is
Clashes Break Out In Turkey As Alleged Coup Plotters Resist Arrest Tensions run high in the wake of the attempted coup.
Turkey Rounds Up Plot Suspects After Thwarting Coup Against Erdogan \u201cThey will pay a heavy price for this.\u201d
UK Prime Minister May Suggests Brexit Delay With Scotland Eyeing EU LONDON (Reuters) - Scotland\u2019s First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said she would not rule out the possibility of Scotland remaining
Erdogan Supporters Hold Rallies, Calling For Punishment Of Coup Plotters \u201cLet\u2019s hang them!\u201d chanted crowds in Ankara\u2019s central Kizilay square late on Saturday.
Irony And Tragedy In Turkey's Coup Attempt Coup plotters failed to realize that coups against stable governments rarely succeed.
Thousands Of Venezuelans Cross Into Colombia In Search Of Food And Medicine Venezuela's economic crisis has left shortages of basic necessities.
Pakistani Social Media Star Allegedly Strangled By Brother In 'Honor Killing' Qandeel Baloch\u2019s raunchy social media photos challenged social norms in Pakistan, a deeply conservative Muslim country.
Friday's Big News, In One Ironic Photo What in the world is going on?
What It's Like Trying To Fly Into A Coup Attempt Istanbul-bound travelers at New York's JFK International Airport were caught off guard.
From Idealism To Disillusion, The Shifting Profile Of Islamist Attackers According to a recent Europol study, some 80 percent of Islamic State recruits have criminal records and some 20 percent were diagnosed with mental health issues.
Tourists, Foreign Nationals Caught In The Middle Of Turkey's Coup Turkey's international airport is open, but many are stuck due to flight cancelations.
Former CIA Officials Give Turkish Coup Plotters Advice On CNN \I have been involved in coups before,\ a former CIA officer said.
Trump Blames Clinton, Obama For Chaos In Turkey And France Of course he does.
U.S. Halts Its Operations At Incirlik Airbase In Turkey After Coup The U.S. says its working to resume air operations against ISIS from the base.
After Bloody Coup Attempt, Erdogan Vows Retribution Dozens are dead, over a thousand are injured, a crackdown is underway and Turkey is in chaos.
Chilling Photos Show Aftermath Of Destruction From Failed Coup In Turkey A bloody battle for power has left parts of Turkey in ruins.
CNN Turk Kept Broadcasting As Turkish Troops Took Over The Studio Thanks to some gutsy journalists and Facebook Live, the coup's takeover of the studio was televised.
Turks Celebrate #FailedCoup After Deadly Clashes End In Democratic Victory \u201cThere is no power higher than the power of the people,\u201d President Recep Tayyip Erdogan told citizens.
ISIS Claims Responsibility For Nice Terror Attack French police arrested three people there in connection with the carnage that claimed the lives of at least 84 people.
Relief, And Fear, Grip Turkey After Bloody Coup Attempt Hundreds are dead and thousands arrested the day after a failed coup plunged Turkey into chaos.
Qandeel Baloch, 'Pakistan\u2019s Kim Kardashian,' Is Killed The 26-year-old internet star was strangled to death by her brother.
Turkey Blames Coup Attempt On Group Led By U.S.-Based Cleric Tensions rise in U.S.-Turkish relations as Erdogan targets Fethullah G\u00fclen, a cleric who lives in Pennsylvania.
Photos From Turkey\u2019s Streets Show Chaos After Attempted Coup People are going up against tanks.
World Leaders, Mourners Stand In Solidarity With Nice Support pours in from around the world after at least 84 were killed in an apparent attack in Nice.
French App Meant To Warn Of Emergencies Fails In A Big Way During Attack In Nice It didn't alert people until three hours later.
Heroes Risked Lives To Stop Nice Attacker A motorcyclist was crushed when he tried to overtake the terrorist\u2019s truck.
Mohamed Lahouaiej Bouhlel, Driver In Nice Attack, Wasn't 'Stable Psychologically,' Family Says The 31-year-old reportedly had no known ties to terror groups.
The World Is With You, Nice The community is hurting, but it's not alone.
Dallas Woman Visiting Nice Copes With Two Deadly Attacks In One Week \u201cIt\u2019s really sad when you\u2019ve been marked 'safe' twice on Facebook in the last week.\
France In Shock After Third Terror Attack In 18 Months A truck driver plowed into Bastille Day crowds, killing at least 84 people.
Among Those Killed In Nice, A Texan Father And His 11-Year-Old Son Sean Copeland and his son Brodie were on a European vacation with three family members.
Terror Attacks Have Become Shockingly Common In France Over The Past 2 Years There have been 10 notable incidents since January 2015.
Sadly Familiar Hashtag Resurfaces During Nice Terror Attack #PorteOuverte again trended on Twitter after a deadly attack on civilians.
Woman Went Into Labor On Beach In Nice During Attack She hid in a seaside restaurant until firefighters came to get her.
Newspapers React To 'Horror' And 'Carnage' Of Nice Terror Attack Photographs show the aftermath of the attack.
Photos Show Aftermath Of Nice Terror Attack At least 84 people are dead.
HuffPost Rise At least 84 people were killed in a horrific attack in Nice.
Witnesses Relive 'Carnage On The Road' In Nice Terror Attack \Heard noises, cries that I will never forget.\
Young Girl Draws The Horror She Witnessed In Nice Attack After seeing people die, she said she felt better after putting something on paper.
A Week After Its Own Tragedy, Dallas Lights Up In Solidarity With Nice Other cities also shone red, white and blue in honor of the victims of the French massacre.
Floating Medical Clinic In India Delivers Aid To Millions It had been raining all morning but Debika Mikum was still waiting. About a dozen women stood with her, huddled under their
Boris Johnson Is A Liar With His 'Back To The Wall,'  Says France's Foreign Minister Britain's shock appointment of Johnson as foreign minister was met by outrage and disbelief in Europe.
Two Children Among Four Dead After Migrant Boat Capsizes Off Greece The fatal drownings were the first in this area of the Mediterranean Sea for several weeks.
May's Monumental Challenge May will meet with the Queen, and then enter Number 10 Downing Street as Prime Minister.
U.S. Urges All Countries To Adhere To South China Sea Ruling China vowed again to ignore the ruling.
Twitter Goes Crazy After Ugandan President Museveni Takes Mysterious Roadside Call Jumping on the bandwagon, the president\u2019s viral images were used for marketing and public service announcements. The 71-year
This Chinese Video \u200bExplains\u200b Why Beijing Rejects The South China Sea Ruling The video, which was produced by a prominent Chinese website, reportedly got 10 million views in 48 hours.
The 5 Worst Parts Of David Cameron\u2019s Legacy Brits see him as arrogant and out to lunch, despite a few policy wins.
Beijing Vows To 'Take All Necessary Measures' To Protect Sovereignty In South China Sea China has furiously rejected an international tribunal's ruling that it breached the Philippines\u2019 sovereign rights.
Hundreds Abducted And Tortured By Egyptian Security Forces, Amnesty Reports An average of three or four people disappear every day, according to the human rights group.
Francois Hollande\u2019s Hairdresser Earns A 6-Figure Salary. France Is Not Happy. It's the most expensive combover you'll ever see.
Syrian Rebels Say Russian Jets Struck A Refugee Camp On Jordanian Border The airstrikes killed at least 12 people and injured at least 40.
France 'Has Identified Paris Attacks Leader' Newly published official documents show Abdelhamid Abaaoud, who police shot dead, played a lesser role.
Japan's Emperor Akihito Reportedly Plans To Abdicate The Throne It would be an unprecedented move in modern Japan.
Iran Indicts Renowned Canadian-Iranian Professor Homa Hoodfar Her niece says Iranian media is accusing the professor of \fomenting a feminist revolution.\
Four Migrants Found Dead, Hundreds Saved From Boat In Mediterranean Some 500 people were saved in three rescue missions on Tuesday.
Italy Trains Crash Head-On In Deadly Collision Authorities say the crash killed at least 27 and injured 50.
Brexit Threatens Entire European Economy Italy\u2019s banks are on the brink of collapse, but the E.U. is forbidding a bailout.
Britain's Next PM Is A Woman, So Naturally A Tabloid Is Just Talking About Her Shoes It's hard to imagine a male politician's footwear getting the same attention.
Tribunal Rules Chinese Have No Legal Claims Over South China Sea China says its armed forces will defend its sovereignty and maritime interests.
Austria Seizing House Where Hitler Was Born To Prevent Nazi Pilgrimage Site The country's Interior Minister said he hopes to have it demolished.
These 360 Photos Show What Life Is Like For Refugees Immersive images show the whole picture.
Thousands Gather At Ceremony For Victims Of Srebrenica Massacre Survivors said those who denied a genocide had occurred were not welcome at the event.
Osama bin Laden's Son Threatens Revenge Against U.S. For Father's Assassination Hamza bin Laden also promised to continue the group\u2019s fight against the United States and its allies.
Angela Eagle Challenges Corbyn For Leadership Of UK Labour Party The stage is now set for a heated fight for control of Britain's opposition party.
What You Need To Know About Britain's Next Leader Theresa May wants to fight for the working class but keep immigration levels down.
Watch This Amazing 3D Bioprinter Make Artificial Bones From Scratch If 3D printing is already impacting manufacturing today, what breakthroughs could bioprinting \u2014 or printing any mix of organic
David Cameron Will Step Down As British Prime Minister On Wednesday Home Secretary Theresa May will soon be the United Kingdom's next PM.
Mikhail Gorbachev says Nato is escalating Cold War with Russia 'into a hot one' Former Soviet Premier Mikhail Gorbachev has accused Nato of preparing for \u201coffensive operations\u201d against Russia. As the Western
Japan's Landslide Election Result Sets Stage For Constitution Fight Prime Minister Abe controversially wants to revise the country's pacifist constitution.
Australia's Opposition Labor Party Concedes, Preserving Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull's Power Turnbull will likely have to sway non-conservative lawmakers in order to pass legislation.
Fears Of Renewed Civil War After Hundreds Killed In South Sudan Fighting U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said the latest violence highlighted a lack of commitment to the peace process.
Former UK PM John Prescott Says Britain's Iraq Invasion Was Illegal A seven-year report found many faults with former British Prime Minister Tony Blair's handling of the Iraq war in 2003.
Italian Authorities Call Off Search For Missing American Airman Halex Hale was last seen at a cookout on July 2.
2 Men Gored On Fourth Day Of Pamplona's Running Of The Bulls At least five people were injured during Sunday's run.
French Police Fire Tear Gas Near Euro Cup Final Fan Zone In Paris Officers tried to disperse people entering an overcrowded fan zone.
Credit Rating Outlook Of The UK Last month the UK says goodbye to the EU. A referendum induced socio-political metamorphosis dawned on the UK, a grey and
Three Countries Issue Travel Warnings About Visiting The U.S. The nations are warning their citizens to stay on guard.
Syrian Antique Seller Preserves Treasures Amid The Ruins Of War This Islamic sword is 300 years old. Historically, it was used by mounted infantry, and people used to call it \u201cThe Jewel
North Korea Fires Submarine-Launched Missile North Korea has been testing its weapons systems, causing concern around the world.
2 Men Gored On Third Day Of Pamplona's Running Of The Bulls At least 14 people were injured during Saturday's run.
Holy Days In A Strange Land Unlike most other Middle Eastern refugees seemingly disoriented by the unfamiliar Athenian cityscape, Zeina is comfortable
Brits Won't Get A Second EU Vote, Despite 4.1 Million Signing A Petition For One \u201cThe Prime Minister and Government have been clear that this was a once in a generation vote.\
North Korea Fires Missile From Submarine But Test Fails The missile test follows a week of sharply rising tensions.
UK Prime Minister Race Between Leadsom And May Heats Up Leadsom allegedly pointed out that May does not have children, according to a quote in a newspaper.
Russia Expels 2 American Diplomats The U.S. expelled two Russian officials last month.
Spanish Bullfighter Gored To Death In The Ring His death was broadcast live on television.
Photography Project Lets Young Afghan Girls Share Their View of the World Most of these students have never held a camera. That was clear when I started working on this project in June of last year
5 Americans Hospitalized On Day 2 Of Pamplona's Running Of The Bulls At least 16 people were injured during Friday's run.
U.S. Helps Deploy Anti-Missile System In South Korea Riling China The American-made missile defense system should be operational by the end of the year.
Chinese Worker In Ghana \The worst one was the recent story in Zambia that China is exporting human meat in cans to supermarkets in Africa. Who would believe such a story?\
Zimbabwe's Youth Defy Blackout To Organize Protests On Social Media The Zimbabwean government allegedly tried to block WhatsApp on Wednesday (July 6) to stop protesters from mobilizing. If
Militants Launch Deadly Attack On Bangladesh's Largest Eid Festival Up to 300,000 people had gathered for the prayer service.
Woman-Owned Businesses On the Rise in Afghanistan Masooma Akbari, a former refugee, started her small business 11 years ago when she returned to Kabul from Iran.\u00a0She and her
Britain's Next Prime Minister Will Be A Woman With Michael Gove out of the race, either Andrea Leadsom or Theresa May will be the next prime minister.
Marshall Islanders Set To Become Climate Refugees Before International Law Can Catch Up As warming seas climb their shores, Marshall Islanders face becoming climate refugees before the international community
Leader Of France's Far-Right National Front Backs Donald Trump For President Marine Le Pen says she would \u201cobviously\u201d vote for the businessman over Hillary Clinton.
How A Young Syrian Woman Built An Award-Winning Learning App Motivated by a desire to rebuild Syria\u2019s devastated economy, enterprising young women in the war-torn country are turning
Lack Of Progress On NATO May Turn Georgia Towards Russia \u201cHow did the West help us? Did NATO help us during the war? No. Russia is our neighbor, strong and influential.\
Baghdad Attack Leaves Many Dead, Wounded Near Mausoleum The attack comes just days after a bombing killed nearly 300 people in Baghdad.
Internet Helps Afghan Women Find Their Voice in Battle for Equality Regular electricity outages and insecurity have not dented Afghanistan\u2019s addiction to the internet and social media. In a
Germany Passes 'No Means No' Rape Law Germany\u2019s parliament has passed a new law defining rape, clarifying that \u201cNo means No\u201d, even if a victim did not fight back
Italy Recovers 217 Bodies From Wreck Of Migrant Boat That Sank In 2015 At least 3,770 people are thought to have died on Mediterranean routes last year.
Europe And Asia Really Do Not Like Donald Trump In a Pew survey of 15 countries, all of them had a negative opinion.
Syrians Peacefully Resist The Rule Of Extremist Groups ISTANBUL \u2013 Following the start of the U.S. and Russia-brokered ceasefire in February, civilians across the country took to
London Hate Crime Arrests Rise 75 Percent Since Brexit Vote \You can't escape the link between the referendum and a surge in racial incidents,\ London Mayor Sadiq Khan says.
French Officials Admit Terror Attacks Could Have Been Avoided \Our intelligence services have failed.\
Paris Attacker's Brother Sentenced To 9 Years In Prison A Paris court found him guilty of training with ISIS in Syria.
Pope Consoles Parents Of American Student Found Dead In Rome River The Vatican says the pontiff expressed his deepest sympathy over Beau Solomon\u2019s death.
Doctors Find Refugee Children In Shock After Alleged Abuse \u200bBy Greek Police Officers took a dozen children into custody, hit them and forced them to remain kneeling for hours, Doctors of the World reports.
UK Inquiry Releases Scathing Report On Iraq War \It is now clear that policy on Iraq was made on the basis of flawed intelligence and assessments.\
Despite ISIS Attacks, I'm A Muslim Journalist With Hope We live in a world where people still associate the brutality and cowardice of ISIS with the same people who die at the militant group's hands.
Smart Dust Is Coming Miniaturization is one of the most world-shaking trends of the last several decades. Computer chips now have features measured
Female Trailblazers Shatter Stereotypes in Afghanistan In a country that\u2019s arguably one of the most challenging places on earth to be a woman, there are brave ones pushing boundaries
Thousands Of Pigs Rescued In China After Photos Of Flooded Barn Go Viral Netizens to the rescue!
Iraqi Dancer Who 'Just Wanted To Fly' Among Baghdad's Dead AMMAN, Jordan (AP) \u2014 An Iraqi self-taught dancer who defied conservativism and threats ahead of his stage debut last year
Chilling Photos Show The Scale Of Devastation After Deadly Baghdad Bombing Saturday's blast killed at least 175 people, and dozens are still missing.
U.N. Rights Boss Calls Bombing Near Saudi Holy Mosque An Attack On Islam \It is an attack on the religion itself.\
Breathtaking Photos Show The Milky Way As Seen From Greece It's one of the best places in the world to see the galaxy.
Animal Rights Activists Make Bold Statement In Pamplona Ahead of Annual Festival Protesters denounced the \u201ccruel, violent and bloody\u201d practice of bullfighting a day before the city\u2019s Running of the Bulls festival
Pope Francis Slams Countries Who Talk Peace But Send Arms Into Syria \How can you believe in someone who caresses you with the right hand and strikes you with the left hand?\
Bangladesh Police Say They May Have Killed Hostage In Cafe Siege They say they may have mistakenly shot the man during the Dhaka shootout, which left 28 people dead.
Italian Police Detain Homeless Man Over Killing Of American Student Authorities found Beau Solomon's body among vegetation in Rome's Tiber River.
Turkey Blames Ex-Soviet Members Of ISIS For Istanbul Attack, As It Jails Another 17 Suspects President Tayyip Erdogan says the incident is \completely within the framework\ of the militant group.
European Commission President Rips Brexit Leaders As 'Sad,' 'Not Patriots' \Patriots don't abandon ship when the going gets tough.\
Russia To Empty One Of Its Sovereign Funds Next Year - Ministry Proposal Russia's budget deficit has swollen as oil prices fell sharply from 2014 and the West imposed sanctions over the Ukraine crisis.
30 Killed In 4 Days As Duterte Ramps Up Philippines' War On Drugs The new president has vowed to eliminate crime and target drug dealers.
Suicide Bomb Blasts\u00a0Outside U.S. Consulate In Saudi Arabia This marks the first bombing in years to attempt to target foreigners in the kingdom.
Suicide Bombings Hit Three Saudi Cities In One Day One of the blasts was near the second-holiest site in Islam.
Britain's Labour Party Readies For Potential Leadership Battle Lawmaker Angela Eagle says she has the support to trigger a challenge to leader Jeremy Corbyn.
UAE Warns Citizens To Avoid Wearing Traditional Clothing While Abroad The advisory came after a man was mistakenly arrested in Ohio while wearing robes and a head scarf.
Bailing After Brexit \During the referendum campaign, I said 'I want my country back'. What I'm saying today, is, 'I want my life back.'\
Alvin Toffler Saw The Future Before It Arrived The noted futurist passed away last week at the age of 87.
Trudeau Says Canada Is Looking At Gender-Neutral ID Cards The prime minister spoke with local media at Toronto's gay pride parade.
Tiger Attacks And Kills Zookeeper At An Animal Park In Spain The tiger's fate will be determined \judicially,\ the park manager said.
Baghdad Bombings Kill Or Injure Dozens And ISIS Claims Responsibility The attack comes just over a week after ISIS was forced out of Fallujah.
Fight The Real Enemy Fear of terrorist attacks is causing not just a rise in xenophobia, but an erosion of civil liberties, a rise in anti-Muslim activity, and the threat of further Western military intervention in the Middle East.
Death Toll In Baghdad Car Bombings Rises To Over 175 ISIS has claimed responsibility for the attack.
Bangladesh Militants Kill 20 Before Commandos End Siege Islamic State said it was responsible for one of the most brazen attacks in the South Asian nation's history, but that claim has yet to be confirmed.
The Week Britain's Brexit 'Earthquake' Shook The World A roller coaster -- or a train wreck?
Savage Attack On Oasis Of Calm In Dhaka Shakes Expat Community It is not yet clear what broader impact the rampage - which left 20 civilians, two police and six gunmen dead - will have on life and business in Bangladesh.
Thousands March For Europe In London Brexit Protest \We can prevent Brexit by refusing to accept the referendum as the final say and take our finger off the self-destruct button.\
U.S. Students, Italians, Japanese Among Dead In Bangladesh Restaurant Attack The Islamic State militant group claimed responsibility for the siege.
Taiwan Navy Fires Missile In Error As China's Communists Mark Birthday Taiwan's Defence Ministry said it had not detected irregular movements by China's military after the accident.
Michael Gove Pitches For Prime Minister After Derailing His Opponent Gove's decision to vie for David Cameron's PM seat was called a betrayal by some.
Australia In Limbo After Election Too Close To Call The country appears to be heading for a hung parliament or minority government.
Bangladesh Garment Industry Trembles After Dhaka Attack Bangladesh, one of the world's poorest countries, relies on garments for around 80 percent of its exports and for about 4 million jobs.
Between The Dark Seas And Living Hell Women refugees from Sundarbans, the world\u2019s most vulnerable climate hotspot, are trapped in a nightmare.
Elie Wiesel, Holocaust Survivor And Nobel Laureate, Dead At 87 The Nobel Committee called him a \messenger to mankind.\
Don't Go To China, African Migrants Tell Fellow Citizens When Lamin Ceesay, an energetic 25-year-old from Gambia, arrived in China last year, he thought his life had made a turn
Al Qaeda Leader Warns Of 'Gravest Consequences' If Boston Bomber Executed Western powers \are criminals and they only understand the language of force.\
Hindu Priest Hacked To Death In Bangladesh Muslim-majority Bangladesh has seen a surge in attacks on activists and minorities.
Pentagon The casualties include the militant group's deputy minister of war, U.S. officials say.
Hate Crimes Surge After Brexit Vote Reports have risen by 500 percent since the country voted to leave the European Union.
Austrian Court Overturns Presidential Election Results, Calls For Rerun The ruling handed the Freedom Party's narrowly defeated candidate another chance to become the first far-right head of state in the European Union.
This African Country Is Cracking Down On Illegal Ivory, But Its Chinese Smugglers Complicate Things A look at how Namibia's Chinese ivory smugglers operate.
Philippines President Calls On Civilians To Kill Drug Addicts \If you know of any addicts, go ahead and kill them yourself as getting their parents to do it would be too painful.\
Bangladesh Forces Storm Cafe To Rescue Hostages, Kill Gunmen After Standoff The Islamic State has claimed responsibility for the attack.
A Record Number Of People Have Drowned Trying To Reach Europe This Year Nearly 3,000 men, women and children have died crossing the Mediterranean Sea already in 2016 -- the deadliest six months ever recorded.
Tens Of Thousands Protest In Hong Kong As China Tensions Simmer Over Booksellers The city has been unnerved over the past year by the disappearances of five booksellers who specialized in works critical of Chinese leaders.
Syrian Refugee Finds $55,000, Returns It Because 'I Am A Muslim' \Allah would never allow me to finance my own interests with someone else\u2019s wealth.\u201d
Brexit Leader Boris Johnson Rules Out Bid To Be Next British Prime Minister The former London mayor was tipped to replace the outgoing leader David Cameron.
After Brexit, Germany\u2019s Young Politicians Call On Youth To Become More Politically Engaged \Brexit was a wake-up call to everyone -- it proved how fast things that seem self-evident can change.\
Turkish Police Raid ISIS Safe Houses, Detain 22 Islamic State Suspects As Death Toll Climbs Officials say Tuesday night's suicide bombers hailed from Russia, Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan.
U.S. Strike Kills 250 Islamic State Fighters Near Fallujah The strikes stand to be among the most deadly ever against ISIS.
Francois Hollande Rules Out EU Referendum In France Some 55 percent of French voters do not want a referendum on EU membership.
Why the 'Barbaric' Practice of Stoning Is Still Used in Afghanistan Last year\u2019s stoning of 19-year-old Rukhshana, who attempted to run away with her lover after being forced to marry someone
Istanbul Bombers Were Russian, Uzbek, Kyrgyz Nationals, Turkish Official Says The attack on Europe's third-busiest airport was the deadliest in a series of suicide bombings in Turkey this year.
Rodrigo Duterte Sworn In As Philippines President In his inaugural speech, he vowed to wage a \relentless\ and \sustained\ battle against crime.
Palestinian Teen Kills 13-Year-Old Girl In Israeli Settlement Her attacker was shot dead by security guards.
Taliban Suicide Bombers Attack Afghan Police Buses, Killing 27 And Wounding Dozens The buses were carrying recently graduated cadets.
World's Largest Uncut Diamond Fails To Sell At London Auction The Lesedi la Rona could be yours, if the price is right.
Islamic State Prime Suspect After Suicide Bombers Kill 41 At Istanbul Airport \It's a jigsaw puzzle ... The authorities are going through CCTV footage, witness statements.\
Turks Step Up To Help The Injured And Stranded In Wake Of Istanbul Triple Suicide Bombing \u201cIt shows me that humanity isn\u2019t lost,\u201d said one woman working at a blood donation center where hundreds of people lined up until the morning.
Ataturk Airport Surveillance Video Captures The Terrifying Moment Of An Explosion Scores of travelers tried to run seconds before one of the blasts.
Somali Refugees In Kenya Struggle In Shadow Of Forced Return Kenya\u2019s November deadline to shut down camps and repatriate Somali refugees leaves a community living in dangerous limbo
EU Warmly Welcomes Sturgeon As She Pushes To Keep Scotland In Union \Scotland is determined to stay in the EU.\
Aid Worker Who Narrowly Escaped Syria Injured In Istanbul Attack \Just when I felt relieved to be on my way back home, then we get evacuated from Ataturk airport due to the horrendous bombing.\
Brexit Boosts China's Propaganda Machine Among Brexit\u2019s biggest losers is China. The UK\u2019s pending departure from the EU will cause China to lose one of its strongest
World Tweets Istanbul People mourn with touching art and trending hashtags.
How Nigeria's Police Are Becoming Allies For Safe Abortion In Nigeria, where most pregnancy terminations are illegal, a women\u2019s reproductive health organization called Ipas is harnessing
UK Labour Party Backs No Confidence Motion On Leader Jeremy Corbyn Corbyn has been at the center of a party revolt following the Brexit referendum.
A Makeshift School In Aleppo Offers Safer Education Amid Bombings Over the past two years, bombs and shelling have made it too dangerous for students to attend official schools in Aleppo
Deadly Suicide Bombings Hit Istanbul's Ataturk Airport \u201cWe were in a pool of blood,\ an eyewitness said.
Rio's Leader Warns That The Olympics Could Be A 'Failure' The city needs more money to pay for security and transportation.
Iraqi Forces Assess The Damage To Fallujah As They Secure The City Iraq aims to prevent ISIS frrom launching a counterattack on the city a day after Baghdad declared victory there.
Israel, Turkey Reach Deal To Normalize Relations After 6-Year Split The deal could pave the way for lucrative Mediterranean gas deals and a diplomatic reprieve from Turkish troubles with next-door Syria and Europe.
Singapore Airlines Flight Catches Fire, No Casualties SINGAPORE (Reuters) - A Singapore Airlines Ltd (SIA) flight to Milan caught fire early on Monday after returning to Singapore's
British EU Vote Unnerves World Leaders And Markets Among the many questions are just how much UK and European economies will slow down, how they will negotiate their new trade relationship.
British Finance Minister During the campaign George Osborne said he would have to raise taxes and cut spending in the event of a vote to leave the EU.
25 Children Killed By Airstrikes In Syria Over The Weekend Dozens of adults also perished in the attacks.
Roller Coaster Derailment Leaves 8 Kids, 2 Adults Injured In Scotland A witness said people were stuck upside down after the accident.
Brexit Sends New Shocks Through Markets As Political Chaos Deepens The pound continued to fall despite attempts to ease political and economic turmoil.
Racist Incidents Skyrocket After Brexit Vote The referendum result has stoked dangerous nationalistic fervor across Britain.
What it\u2019s Like to be Married at 7 Years Old For this 37-year-old mother of five, life is the picture of enforced marriage
The Robot Apocalypse Is Looking Pretty Damn Funky in New Boston Dynamics Video In a new Boston Dynamics video, a four-legged robot ducks under tables and walks up stairs; it does the dishes with a giraffe
Spain's Leftist Parties Set To Win Big As Election Results Roll In The anti-austerity Podemos party could make big gains on Sunday.
\u2018Leave\u2019 Mayor Boris Johnson Begins PM Push, Lays Out Post-Brexit Vision Boris Johnson is seen as the frontrunner to succeed David Cameron.
China Bus Fire Kills 35 BEIJING (Reuters) - At least 35 people, including two children, died after a tour bus crashed and caught fire in central
Turkish Police Fire Tear Gas To Disperse Gay Pride Activists The Istanbul governor's office last week said the march had been banned out of concern for public order.
Iraqi Forces Claim To Recapture Last District Held By ISIS In Falluja The militants seized Falluja in January 2014, six months before they declared a \caliphate\ over part of Syria and Iraq.
Britain's Major Political Parties Are In Disarray After Brexit Infighting and open conflict grip Britain's two main parties.
Kerry To Visit Brussels, London In Wake Of Brexit Vote ROME (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry will meet European Union foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini in Brussels
How David Cameron Blew It The behind-the-scenes story of a failed campaign to keep Britain in the European Union.
Britain's Youth Now Have To Deal With A Divorce They Didn't Vote For Young voters in Britain overwhelmingly wanted to stay in the EU.
Brexit Bedlam The big question
Britons Turn To Poetry To Express Their Feelings On Brexit Many lament the United Kingdom's decision to leave the European Union.
More Than 3.5 Million Britons Are Demanding A Second EU Referendum A petition calls for the U.K. government to act because Thursday's winning margin to leave the union was so slim.
Germany, France Lead Demands For Britain To Negotiate A Quick Divorce Paris warned that populism will otherwise take hold after Britain's vote to leave the bloc sent shockwaves around the world.
Scotland Presses Ahead With Plans For New Independence Vote First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said that, following Brexit, it was now \clearly an option.\
After Brexit, French Politicians Want English Language Out Of EU Too Just one problem
Britain's Vote Leave Says No Need To Swiftly Begin Formal EU Divorce Negotiations \It's best for the dust to settle over the summer and during that time for there to be informal negotiations with other states,\ the chief executive of the Vote Leave campaign said.
Britain's EU Commissioner Says He Is Resigning Following Brexit Vote \I don't believe it is right that I should carry on as the British commissioner as though nothing had happened.\
Britons Express Serious #Regrexit As Reality Of Brexit Becomes Clear Some voters wish they could turn back time.
Somalia's Al Shabab Launch Suicide Bomb Attack On Hotel The bombing hit the center of  the city of Mogadishu.
Brexit Will Fundamentally Change The Future Of Europe Britain's vote affects over 500 million people living throughout the EU.
Love Is Love Is Love Is Love. But Hate And Fear Are Powerful \u201cLove\u201d was a trending theme after the hate crime in Orlando. #DenyHate was featured prominently on Twitter, and Lin-Manuel
How Russia Wins From Brexit The EU experiment is at great risk.
Brexit Impact Begins The European Commission chief  says it \doesn't make any sense\ to stall the process.
J.K. Rowling Wishes Magic Could Reverse U.K.'s Vote For Brexit Where's Harry when you need him?
Sinn Fein \The British government as a direct result have forfeited any mandate to represent the interests of people here in the north of Ireland.\
Angry Scots Troll Donald Trump Over Brexit Gaffe The Donald got his facts wrong. Again.
Brexit Prompts Calls From Other Nations To Leave EU \We must now have the same referendum in France.\
Brexit Supporters Sounded Alarmingly Like Donald Trump British politicians who campaigned for the U.K. to leave the European Union relied on anti-immigrant appeals.
Londoner\u2019s Moving Post-Brexit Note To Italian Neighbors Shows Power Of European Unity \I hope you realize that you are welcome here,\ he wrote.
Lindsay Lohan Turns Roving EU Reporter On Social Media The London resident backed Britain to remain in the EU while live-tweeting the results.
Anti-EU Leader Ignores Jo Cox\u2019s Murder In \u2018Crass\u2019 Brexit Victory Speech Nigel Farage said they won \without a single bullet being fired.\
These 18 Tweets Perfectly Capture All Our Brexit Feelings \ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude30
Deadly Storm Lashes Eastern China Authorities say it killed 98 people and injured hundreds more.
German Movie Theatre Attack Leaves Gunman Dead Security forces rushed to the scene after a masked man opened fire at a cinema complex.
Gunmen Kidnap Australian Firm's Workers In Nigeria The attackers killed a driver and abducted at least seven people in the ambush.
Beaten and Tortured for 24 Years to Pay for Her Father\u2019s Mistake Spogmai was just 12 years old when she was separated from her parents and handed over to another family. But this was no
Refugees Who Fled Boko Haram Die Of Starvation In Nigeria Camp The medical aid group Doctors Without Borders says hundreds of children are among the dead.
Polls Close In Britain's Bitterly Fought EU Referendum Nigel Farage, head of the UK Independence Party and a leading voice in favor of leaving the EU, told Sky News he did not expect to be on the winning side.
Colombia's FARC Rebels Sign Historic Ceasefire With Government \May this be the last day of the war.\
Violent Clashes Between Mexico's Teachers, Police Leave 8 People Dead The violence follows the teachers' union resisting federal education reforms, particularly mandatory teacher evaluations.
Top Chinese Paper Lashes Out At U.S. Over South China Sea Action \Behind this misjudgment is Washington's anxiety and arrogance.\
Putin Says Russia Must Strengthen To Ward Off NATO Drive \NATO is strengthening its aggressive rhetoric and its aggressive actions near our borders.\
This Is Not Your Grandma\u2019s First Brexit The Brexit debate has exposed a generational divide in the U.K., but talking to older voters might help bridge that gap.
Kabul in 1979 and 2016 In December 1979, the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan, beginning 36 years of continuous war and conflict. Here, 26-year
Photos Of The Taiwan Pet Salon Sculpting Wild And Weird Designs These crazy styles for cats and dogs are a cut above.
Car Bomb Kills 6 Jordanian Troops At Syria Border It's the first attack of its kind targeting Jordan from Syria since the Syrian civil war began.
Japan Military On Alert For Possible North Korean Ballistic Missile Launch This will \further isolate the North from the international community.\
Photos Highlight Moments Of Pain, Joy And Resilience As Global Displacement Hits Record High There are currently 65.3 million displaced people worldwide.
Immigration Concerns Continue To Dominate Brexit Debate As Referendum Approaches Despite numerous economic and diplomatic concerns surrounding a Brexit, immigration has ignited the most conversation ahead of the historic vote.
Sahar Speaks The women of Afghanistan have been the focus of intense interest and notoriety for decades. Under the Taliban they were seen
Brexit Breakdown With a potential British departure from the EU just days away, The WorldPost takes a look at the key facts in the debate.
Record 65.3 Million People Were Displaced Last Year One in every 113 people on the planet is now a refugee.
Drug-Related Killings Surge In The Philippines After Duterte's Election The incoming president has repeatedly reassured police they would have his full support if they killed criminals who resisted with violence.
Separated Refugee Mothers And Daughters Await Reunion In E.U. More than eight months have passed since Zeyneb and her sister Diana have seen their mother and brother. Their younger brother
Wave Of Deadly Bombings Hit Afghanistan The attacks are the latest in a recent surge of violence that highlights the challenges faced by the Afghan government and its Western backers.
How to Build a Mind? This Learning Theory May Hold the Answer How do intelligent minds learn? Consider a toddler navigating her day, bombarded by a kaleidoscope of experiences. How does
Istanbul Police Violently Disperse Banned LGBT Rally Police fired tear gas and rubber pellets on a march for transgender people.
Iraqi Camps Swell As Civilians Flee Fighting In Fallujah \People have run and walked for days. They left Fallujah with nothing.\
The Secret Prisons Of Al-Houthi, Yemen It should be no surprise that the prison has become a major Yemeni issue because Yemen is pregnant with experiences of suffering
Who Gets Radicalized? What I Learned From My Interviews With Extremist Disciples Who gets radicalized? What I learned from my interviews with extremist disciples @huffpostblog
Brexit Polls Gives 'Remain' A Boost As Referendum Nears David Cameron has argued that leaving the EU would threaten the economy.
Jo Cox Murder Suspect Gives His Name As 'Death To Traitors, Freedom For Britain' Thomas Mair appeared in a London court, where he was accused of killing the popular lawmaker.
British Lawmaker\u2019s Killing Highlights Dangers Of Far-Right Nationalism These are the groups fanning anti-immigrant fears ahead of the U.K.'s EU referendum.
Thomas Mair Charged With Murder Of British Politician Jo Cox (Reuters) - British police said on Saturday they had charged a man in the slaying of lawmaker Jo Cox, and said the suspect
Belgium Conducts Major Anti-Terror Raids Belgian prosecutors have charged three men with terror offenses.
Former Yukos CEO And Political Prisoner Mikhail Khodorkovsky On Vladimir Putin And Russia's Post-Putin Future Khodorkovsky shared his thoughts on Russia\u2019s future in a speech to the Oxford Union on April 27, 2016.
Rio De Janeiro Declares State Of Financial Emergency An Olympic organizing committee maintains the emergency did not impact the running of the Games.
Ancient Cities Discovered Beneath Jungle Surrounding Angkor Wat Temples Archeologists say the ruins made up the world's largest empire in the 12th century.
Inside The Dying Days Of Tibet\u2019s Caterpillar Fungus \u2018Gold Rush\u2019 In the beautiful but unforgiving mountains of Tibet, nomads harvest a lucrative caterpillar fungus known for its medicinal properties. But they fear the boom may be over.
Watch Cities Spread Across The Planet Over 5,000 Years A group of researchers combed through 10,000 data entries to create the first mappable record of human population changes, dating back to 3,700 B.C.
Aid Workers Struggle To Feed Aleppo Beneath The Bombs Mercy Corps is one of the only international humanitarian groups providing food aid to opposition-held areas of Aleppo city
Germany Begins Trial Of Alleged Turkish And Kurdish Militants Nine men and one woman face charges of organizing propaganda events, raising funds and recruiting for a left-wing militant group in Turkey.
Fighting Climate Change From Inside The World's 'Air Conditioner' Sheila Watt-Cloutier is one of the toughest, most influential Inuit activists in Canada. Her perspective on the effects of
Calgary Church Hosts Interfaith Ramadan Event To Make Syrian Refugees Feel At Home Muslim refugees studying English at the Canadian church celebrated Ramadan alongside Christians.
India Sentences 11 To Life In Prison For Massacre Of Muslims In 2002 The court sentenced 12 other people to seven years in jail for their role in the Gujarat riots that left 69 Muslims dead.
Iraqi Forces Recapture Government HQ In Fallujah From ISIS Fierce clashes are still raging in the city, prompting an exodus of civilians fleeing to safety.
MSF Is Refusing All EU Funding In Protest At Turkey Migrant Deal \We're talking about Europe's refugee shame.\
EgyptAir Investigators Retrieve Second Flight Recorder It comes one day after search teams found the cockpit voice recorder.
EU Referendum In Limbo As Britain Mourns Lawmaker Jo Cox \You can't kill democracy.\
Canada Adopts Assisted Dying Law After Heated Political Debate The legislation allows medically-assisted death for terminally-ill adults facing intolerable physical or psychological suffering.
Mobile Startup Targets South Africa's Unemployment Crisis The statistics are well known and they are grave. One in four South Africans are unemployed. Even worse, half of all young
Dozens Of Whales Beach Themselves As Rescuers Rush To Save Them Most of the whales managed to get back to sea, though several died.
Holy Guacamole! People In New Zealand Are Stealing Avocados As Sid Vicious once said, \You can't arrest me, I'm a guac-star.\ Or something like that.
EgyptAir Cockpit Voice Recorder Found, Investigators Say Search teams have been looking for the downed plane since it crashed with 66 people on board.
British Lawmaker Jo Cox Dead After Attack Campaigning on Britain's EU referendum has been suspended in the wake of the attack.
The Life Of British Lawmaker Jo Cox, From Aid Worker To Rising Political Star \u201cJo believed in a better world and she fought for it every day of her life.\
British Lawmaker Jo Cox Dies After Attack The 41-year-old member of Parliament was shot dead in northern England.
Millennials In China Embrace Communal Living Boom A risky business model You+\u2019s common rooms might be all puppies and cocktails. But the company\u2019s executives will have little
Main EgyptAir Wreckage Locations Found By Search Team, Egypt Says The plane mysteriously went down last month, carrying 66 people on board.
Pistorius Walks On Stumps In Court In Bid To Avoid Jail Oscar Pistorius shuffled without his prosthetic legs through a Pretoria court on Wednesday to demonstrate how vulnerable
Chinese Spy Ship 'Shadowing' U.S. Navy Vessel The United States is conducting joint exercises with Japan and India in the Western Pacific.
Report But there were are no immediate plans to activate the maximum security level, which indicates an imminent threat of an attack.
New Process Seeks To Speed Up Relocation, Family Unification For Refugees Stranded In Greece Up to 57,000 asylum-seekers are living in limbo.
North Korea 'Significantly' Upping Nuclear Bomb Output The country may have added another four to six weapons since 2014.
Human Chain Pulls Dog Out Of Deep Channel In Heartwarming Rescue A little video reminder that people really are good.
If Trump Had His Way, These Muslims Would Never Have Made America Great You've got it backward, Donald.
How ISIS Used The Orlando Shooting To Feed Its Propaganda Machine The terror group didn't plan the attack, but it was quick to claim responsibility.
Qatar Deporting Dutch Woman Who Reported She Was Drugged And Raped She was convicted of having sex out of wedlock and given a one-year suspended sentence.
Iraq Is Investigating Alleged Executions Of Sunnis In Fallujah A regional governor said 49 Sunni men had been executed after surrendering to a Shi'ite faction.
Can Growing Human Organs in Pigs Solve the Organ Shortage? Back in the 90s, a deeply disturbing image surfaced on the nascent Internet
World Landmarks Light Up In Glowing Tribute To Orlando Victims From NYC to Australia, rainbows are everywhere.
Afghanistan's Women-Only Coding School Breaks Gender Barriers A new female-only coding school is helping launch a quiet revolution in Afghanistan, where computers are opening up the world
French Artists Pay Tribute To Orlando Shooting Victims Moving illustrations are spreading across social medial as people worldwide mourn those killed in Sunday's attack.
World Leaders Show Their Support After The Mass Shooting In Orlando At least 50 people were killed in the deadliest shooting in modern U.S. history.
Italy's Coast Guard Says It Rescued Over 3,000 Migrants In Past 3 Days Refugees and migrants continue to attempt a perilous journey to Europe.
Young Brits Favor Staying In E.U., But Getting Them To The Polls Is A Challenge LONDON \u2014 On June 23, tens of thousands of young Britons will be gathered at the Glastonbury music festival, whose headliners
Thousands Flee Fallujah As Troops Fight To Retake City From ISIS The Iraqi army says it has secured the first safe exit route from the city.
Italian Newspaper's 'Mein Kampf' Giveaway Sparks Backlash The paper said its intent was \to study what is evil to avoid its return.\
Clashes In Marseille Amid England-Russia Soccer Match Dozens were injured as fans threw punches and bottles.
Poll The results contrast with a poll on Friday which showed Leave campaigners 10 points ahead.
ISIS Bombers Launch Deadly Attack Near Top Shia Shrine In Damascus A monitoring group said at least 20 people were killed.
Libyan Forces Claim Capture Of Sirte From ISIS As Street Battles Rage Forces allied with Libya\u2019s unity government claim they have recaptured the port in the Islamic State stronghold of Sirte
A young man is skinned alive. A sign of new Taliban brutality? KABUL \u2014 In a remote area of Afghanistan, where thousands of years of hardscrabble tribal culture increasingly mixes with
Hama Prison Riot Highlights Judicial Malpractice In Syria It\u2019s been more than a month since some 850 political detainees in Hama\u2019s Central Prison revolted, taking guards hostage and
UN Delivers First Food Aid To Syrians In Besieged Daraya In Years The last time food aid entered the town was in 2012.
UN The U.N.'s top human rights official said the Israeli measures may be prohibited by international law.
U.S. Approves Flights To Cuba By Six American Carriers The United States and Cuba signed an agreement this year restoring commercial air service between the former Cold War foes for the first time in decades.
Poll But the official Vote Leave campaign said their data suggests it's still 50-50.
Hydropower Dams Are Creating Wildlife Wastelands Hydropower generates carbon-free electricity for millions of people around the world. But growing evidence indicates that
Chinese Feminists Show Global Solidarity With Stanford Sexual Assault Survivor \A rapist who swims well is still a rapist.\
Paris Faces Piles Of Trash, Transportation Issues As Euro 2016 Kicks Off Labor strikes are making things complicated for visiting soccer fans and residents.
U.N. Takes Saudi-Led Coalition In Yemen Off Child Rights Blacklist Saudi Arabia's U.N. Ambassador said the move is \irreversible and unconditional.\
Syrian Doctors Risk Their Lives As Attacks Target Medical Facilities The only way to reinstate peace and stability in Syria is to document ongoing crimes in the hopes that those responsible
Multicolored Artificial Meteor Showers Launched From a Satellite Are Coming Soon High above Earth, a satellite traveling 7.8 kilometers a second opens on one side and launches 1,000 spherical pellets. Though
U.S. Navy Slaps Drinking Ban On 18,600 Sailors In Japan, Ends Liberty After Drunk Driving Crash The ban will remain in effect until \all personnel understand the impact of responsible behavior on the U.S.-Japan alliance.\
North Korea Appears To Reopen Plutonium Plant, Nuclear Watchdog Says The IAEA says the move suggests the country is widening its arms effort.
Peru's Presidential Election Shows A Narrow Lead For Kuczynski Partial results showed the former economist one percentage point ahead of Fujimori, the daughter of an imprisoned former authoritarian leader.
UN U.S.-backed Syrian fighters have surrounded Manbij from three sides.
Euro 2016 Soccer Championship Attack Plot Foiled, Ukraine Says Security services say they arrested a Frenchman and seized his arsenal of weapons.
Train Collision In Belgium Kills 3, Injures 40 BRUSSELS (Reuters) - A passenger train crashed into the back of a freight train in the eastern Belgian municipality of Saint
Peru's Presidential Election Comes Down To A Tight Run-Off Vote Polls showed a dead heat between candidates before the vote.
UK 'Remain' Camp's Lead Narrows Before EU Referendum The United Kingdom is holding a referendum on June 23 to decide whether Britain should leave or stay in the European Union.
Report About three-quarters of the migrants were women and there were at least five children.
Swiss Reject Plan To Give Themselves A Guaranteed Basic Income The radical proposal drew international attention.
Boko Haram Aren't The Only Militants Causing Chaos In Nigeria A shadowy new militant group is blowing up the country's oil infrastructure.
U.S. Flexes Muscles As Asia Worries About South China Sea Row \The United States will remain the most powerful military and main underwriter of security in the region for decades to come \u2013 and there should be no doubt about that.\
Lightning Strikes At German Music Festival Injures Scores The festival, featuring the Red Hot Chili Peppers and Black Sabbath, was delayed for several hours.
The Time Muhammad Ali Told Iran I am one of literally billions of people affected by the life and actions of Muhammad Ali.
Nigeria Says It Has Recovered $9.1 Billion In Stolen Money And Assets President Muhammadu Buhari, elected last year largely on his vow to fight corruption, has vowed to recover \mind-boggling\ sums of money stolen from the oil sector.
France Launches New Effort For Middle East Peace Israelis and Palestinians were not invited to the conference.
Olympics Committee Unveils First-Ever Team Of Refugee Athletes \They will show to the world that despite the unimaginable tragedies they have faced, anyone can contribute to society through talent, skills and the strength of human spirit.\
5 Iconic Places You Need To Visit Before Climate Change Ruins Them A new report from the United Nations Educational Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) has highlighted 31 World Heritage
U.N. Adds Saudi Coalition To Blacklist For Killing Children In Yemen The coalition was responsible for 60 percent of child deaths and injuries last year, killing 510 and wounding 667.
U.S. State Department Global terrorist attacks declined by 13 percent in 2015, according to the U.S. State Department.
Greece Rescues Hundreds Of Migrants From Sinking Ship Off Crete Over 300 people were rescued, but it was too early to tell how many had been on board.
Paris' Iconic Museums Prepare For The Worst Amidst Relentless Floods The Louvre and the Musee d'Orsay are moving art to safer areas.
This African Nation Just Made Legal History For Victims Of Injustice Everywhere Finding dictator Hiss\u00e8ne Habr\u00e9 guilty is a win for all oppressed peoples.
The Nepal Climbing Deaths You Rarely Hear About One Sherpa widow's story, told in 360 degrees.
Everything Is Better For The Super Rich. Even Jail Time. The rich are different from everyone else, even those accused of crimes. But a handful of extremely wealthy defendants, particularly
Europe's Anti-Refugee Parties Are Dangerous Even When They Don't Win Ruling parties often try to mollify them by adopting some of their extremist policies.
This Radio Station Is Trying To Heal One Of The Most War-Torn Parts Of Africa Muslim and Christian journalists are trying to bridge the Central African Republic's sectarian divide.
Attempted North Korea Missile Launch Fails, Says South Korea SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea attempted to fire a missile from its east coast early on Tuesday morning but the launch appears
Turkish President ISTANBUL (Reuters) - No Muslim family should engage in birth control or family planning, Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan
Police Arrest Two Men In Brazil Gang-Rape Case A video posted to Twitter showed men hurling insults at a semi--conscious 16-year-old girl.
Drowned Baby Picture Captures Week Of Tragedy In Mediterranean In an email, the rescuer, who gave his name as Martin but did not want his family name published, said he had spotted the baby in the water \like a doll, arms outstretched\.
Philippine Congress Proclaims Duterte Winner Of Presidential Election Duterte won the ballots of nearly 40 percent of 44 million voters, lured by his success against crime in Davao, despite the questions his policies raised among human rights campaigners.
Japan Puts Military On Alert For Possible North Korea Missile Launch Tension in the region has been high since North Korea conducted its fourth nuclear test in January.
Crocodile Snatches Woman Taking Late-Night Swim In Australia \This is a tragedy but it was avoidable.\
A British vote to leave the E.U. could shatter the United Kingdom EDINBURGH, Scotland \u2014 When Scotland voted in an independence referendum in September 2014, nationalist leaders pitched it
#TryBeatingMeLightly Shows Pakistani Women Won't Stand For Wife-Beating Bill A powerful photo series showcases women's reactions.
At Least 700 Migrants May Have Died At Sea In Past Week The migrants -- fleeing wars, oppression and poverty -- often do not know how to swim and do not have life jackets.
Soccer Star Alan Pulido Kidnapped In Mexico Pulido plays for the Greek soccer team Olympiakos.
German Lawmaker Assaulted With Cake Over Anti-Refugee Comments The left-wing MP has advocated for refugee caps.
U.S.-Led Forces Keep Up Pressure On ISIS East Of Mosul \This is one of the many shaping operations expected to increase pressure on ISIL in and around Mosul.\
Argentina Jails Ex-Dictator For Conspiracy To Kill Leftist Dissidents Under Operation Condor, dictators in Argentina, Chile, Uruguay, Paraguay, Brazil and Bolivia coordinated to hunt down opponents in the 1970s and 80s.
Lightning Strikes In France And Germany Leave Children Injured Lightning injured people at a park in Paris and a children's soccer match in Germany.
School Kids In Sudan Narrowly Escape Bombing Of Catholic School \u201cThey don\u2019t deserve this, what have they done wrong?\
Greek Workers Detail The Biting Cost Of Austerity While EU leaders celebrate a new deal, Greece's citizens  ready for yet another round of cuts.
Gang Rape Posted To Social Media Is Forcing Brazil To Confront Violence Against Women Police learned of the brutal crime after a video glorifying it surfaced on Twitter.
Thousands Of Iraqis Desperate To Flee ISIS Make Dangerous Crossing Into Syria The extremist group has reportedly stepped up executions of men and boys amid a new government offensive on Fallujah.
Korean Air Lines Evacuates Plane At Haneda Airport In Tokyo For Engine Fire The incident prompted authorities to temporarily close down Japan's busiest aviation hub.
Pakistani Husbands Can \u2018Lightly Beat\u2019 Their Wives, Islamic Council Says When Pakistan\u2019s most populated province approved a law this year that gives women protection \u2013 and a potential escape \u2013 from
The Philippines\u2019 Giant Fish Are Disappearing The elephants of the ocean are vanishing.
What It Means To Be Human Is Changing Thanks To Gene Editing \We might be splitting in class between those who can afford to manage our children eugenically and those who cannot.\
These GIFs Show How Hiroshima Has Emerged From Devastation Over 71 Years A U.S. atomic bomb destroyed over two-thirds of the city's buildings and killed tens of thousands.
Syrian NGOs Lament \u2018Dreadful Silence\u2019 At World Humanitarian Summit After the United Nations lavishly highlighted its achievements during the World Humanitarian Summit, Syrian NGOs have expressed
Obama In Hiroshima He is the first incumbent U.S. president to visit the site of the atomic bombing.
How Israel Lost Its Latest Chance For A Peace Process Last Friday, after weeks of political maneuvering, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu appointed Avigdor Lieberman
Putin Says Romania, Poland May Now Be In Russia's Crosshairs Russian President Vladimir Putin on Friday warned Romania and Poland they could find themselves in the sights of Russian
Photos Show Refuge, But No Respite In Greece As Police Empty Idomeni Refugee Camp As Greek police relocate migrants and refugees from the informal Idomeni camp, photographer Kelly Lynn Lunde documents a
North Korea Threatens Retaliation After South Korean Warning Shots \The provocation-makers are going to regret for ever how horrible the aftermath of their reckless firing first will be.\
Refugees Passing Through Greece Share Their Tragedies In Heartwrenching Film \I was most scared of seeing my children die right in front of me,\ one woman said.
Belgians Pay Special Tribute To Dead Pets At Animal Funeral Home \Having Arthur, stuffed next to me, comforts me.\
Immigration backlash at the heart of British push to leave the E.U. PETERBOROUGH, England \u2014 Seen from London, Edinburgh, Oxford or other havens of the cosmopolitan British elite, this country\u2019s
Bomb Blasts Kill More Than 140 People In Syrian Coastal Cities ISIS has claimed responsibility for the attacks.
A String Of Deaths On Mount Everest Raises Safety Questions Three climbers have died in the last three days.
Arms Embargo On Vietnam In The Balance As Obama Visits HANOI, May 23 (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama began his first visit to Vietnam on Monday, a trip aimed at sealing
Austria's Far-Right Narrowly Loses Cliffhanger Presidential Election Independent candidate Alexander van der Bellen has won.
A Big Shift Is Coming, and It Could Uber-ize Entire Industries Who will rule the future economy\u2014entrepreneurs or mega corporations? Will the economy fracture into smaller and smaller bits
North Korea Shuts Down Donald Trump's Kim Jong Un Proposal Don't count on a meeting anytime soon.
Obama Confirms Taliban Leader's Death Mullah Akhtar Mansour had \continued to plot against and unleash attacks on American and Coalition forces,\ Obama stated.
Deadly Fire At School For Girls In Thailand Kills At Least 17 It took place when the girls, aged between five and 12, were sleeping in their dorm.
Britain Grants Refugee Status To Ex-President Of Maldives, Lawyer Says Mohamed Nasheed was jailed in 2015 on terrorism charges after a trial that drew international criticism.
Fiery Photos Take You Inside A Chinese Steel Plant Morale appears to remain high despite recent changes in the industry.
Chechen Strongman Issues Instagram Plea To Find His Missing Cat \We have begun to seriously worry.\
U.S. To Completely Lift Vietnam Arms Embargo However, the sale of arms will depend on Vietnam's human rights commitments.
Jihadi John's Accomplice Exposed As London Fairground Mechanic Exclusive
Iraqi Forces Clash With Islamic State Militants South Of Falluja, Bomb City Center Air strikes and mortars overnight targeted neighborhoods inside the city proper where Islamic State is thought to maintain its headquarters.
Afghan Taliban Meet To Find Successor After Leader's Death Mullah Akhtar Mansour was killed in a U.S. airstrike over the weekend.
At Least 40 Army Recruits Killed By ISIS Suicide Bombing In Yemen The attack took place as recruits lined up to enlist for military service at a senior general's home in Aden.
ISIS Calls For Attacks On West During Ramadan \Ramadan, the month of conquest and jihad.\
Iraq Announces Start Of Falluja Operation, Some Residents Flee The army is asking residents to leave the city ahead of the battle.
Volcano Eruption Kills 7 In Indonesia As Hot Ash Hinders Rescue Efforts Authorities are continuing to search for survivors after Mount Sinabung, on Sumatra island, erupted Sunday.
Erdogan's Ally To Take Over As Turkey's New Prime Minister Binali Yildirim is expected to push for an executive presidency for Erdogan.
Monitor Group U.N. investigators said in February that reported killings of detainees amounted to a crime against humanity.
Egypt Sends Submarine To Look For Missing Flight MS804 An international effort to find the wreck is underway, as families grieve.
Austria Could Elect Far-Right Party In Tight Presidential Election Norbert Hofer could be the first far-right head of state in the EU.
Suu Kyi Asks For 'Space' As Kerry Presses Her On Rohingya Treatment Some 125,000 Rohingya in Myanmar are displaced and face severe travel restrictions.
Zookeepers Kill 2 Lions To Save Man Who Entered Enclosure The 20-year-old man was in critical condition.
Four Killed, 90 Injured In Baghdad's Green Zone Riots Jaafar al-Moussawi, deputy leader of Sadr's political movement, condemned the government for using what he called \excessive force.\
Relatives Of MH17 Victims Seek Compensation From Russia, Putin They are seeking $10 million per passenger on the downed flight.
U.S. Quietly Drops El Chapo Murder Charges To Ease Drug Lord's Extradition American authorities preparing for the extradition of the alleged drug lord Joaqu\u00edn \u201cEl Chapo\u201d Guzm\u00e1n to stand trial in the
Egypt Releases First Images Of Recovered EgyptAir Plane Debris The items include passenger belongings, parts of seats and life vests.
Brother Of Brussels Suicide Bomber To Compete For Belgium In Rio Olympics \You don't choose your family,\ he said.
Afghan Government Confirms Death Of Taliban Leader The Taliban have made no official statement but two commanders close to Mansour denied he was dead.
French Investigators Say Smoke Reported On EgyptAir Jet Before Crash The first clues as to what happened on board Flight MS804.
Women Become Local Leaders In Syria As War Upends Gender Norms More and more Syrian women are at the forefront of new efforts to solve local conflicts and counter the death and destruction
Mexico Moves Closer To Extraditing Drug Lord El Chapo To U.S. The cartel leader can still appeal, possibly delaying his removal for weeks or months.
Russia Proposes Joint Syria Airstrikes With U.S.-Led Coalition From May 25 But Moscow reserves the right to stage strikes unilaterally.
Iraqi Forces Open Fire On Protesters Storming Green Zone Dozens of people incurred injuries from tear gas and live fire, witnesses said
Egyptian Military The navy is sweeping the area looking for the plane's black box.
Canada Prime Minister Justin Trudeau Says 'I Am Human After Fracas, Cites Pressure Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau came under fire Wednesday after grabbing one member of Parliament and elbowing another.
Still No Sight Of Missing EgyptAir Jet; Search Teams Continue To Scour Mediterranean No group had claimed responsibility more than 24 hours after the disappearance of flight MS804.
Justin Trudeau Speaks Out Against Brexit \More unity is a path toward greater prosperity,\ the Canadian prime minister said.
Taiwan's First Female President Is Sworn In, Pledges To Promote Peace Taiwan and China must \set aside the baggage of history\ for the sake of regional security, said Tsai Ing-wen.
Bangladesh Homeopathic Doctor Hacked To Death In Suspected Islamist Attack The doctor was attacked while on his way to a weekly free clinic he operated.
Meet the Chinese Trolls Pumping Out 488 Million Fake Social Media Posts They are the most hated group in Chinese cyberspace. They are, to hear their ideological opponents tell it, \u201cfiercely ignorant
Former Refugee Fights For Her Dream To Abolish Female Genital Mutilation In Somalia Somalia could soon pass legislation that bans all forms of female genital mutilation (FGM), thanks in part to Ifrah Ahmed
Lone Women \u2018Easy Targets\u2019 For Exploitation In E.U. In the concluding part of our series on female refugees, we explore the challenges of identifying abuse and exploitation
Canada's Inuit Youth Council Leader Is Voice Of Next Generation As the president of Canada\u2019s Inuit Youth Council, Maatalii Okalik is finding innovative ways for Inuit young people to connect
Chinese Jets Intercept U.S. Military Plane Over South China Sea, Pentagon Says The incident comes a week after China scrambled fighter jets as a U.S. Navy ship sailed close to a disputed reef.
EgyptAir Flight MS804 Crashes Into Mediterranean Sea Paris to Cairo flight had 66 people aboard; Rescuers searching for wreckage.
These Are The People Missing In The EgyptAir Plane Crash The airline says 66 people were aboard the Airbus A320.
Here's What We Know So Far About EgyptAir Flight MS804 Officials have not ruled out terrorism as the cause of the crash.
Why Might Vietnam Let U.S. Military Return? China. The ghosts of the Vietnam War have finally faded at the strategic port of Cam Ranh Bay. More than 40 years ago, United States
3 Important Things To Know About The Missing EgyptAir Flight Here's some important background on the tragic crash.
Watch Last Thursday, Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff was suspended from the presidency when the Senate voted, 55-22, to try
Triple Bombings In Baghdad Kill 72 In Worst Violence So Far This Year More than 140 people are wounded, police and medical sources said, extending the deadliest spate of attacks in the Iraqi capital so far this year.
Mexico's President Proposes To Allow Same Sex Marriage The traditionally conservative country has been pursuing more progressive policies lately.
Did The U.S. Army Deliberately Bomb This Hospital In Afghanistan? For the last hour, the American gunship had been circling high above the city, carefully observing its target with night
France Postpones Middle East Peace Talks To Ensure U.S. Attends U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry is not available on the originally proposed date in May.
Syrian Rebels Fear Government Assault On Besieged, Starving Daraya Regime troops turned back an aid convoy into the town last week.
Syrian Kurds Say Bashar Assad Is Thwarting Humanitarian Aid To Their Region It's one more sign that the Kurds, key to defeating ISIS, are unlikely to embrace Assad as a partner.
The Uncertain Fate Of The Man In The Police Brutality Image That Shocked Kenya He's already become a symbol of the problem of police violence.
Russian Opposition Leader Navalny Attacked And Beaten In Airport Footage shows assailants throwing milk on the anti-corruption activists and kicking them on the ground.
Vladimir Putin's America-Friendly Propaganda About Fighting Terror Just Suffered A Big Blow Putin tries to present himself as the best bet against ISIS. In reality, he's helped it thrive.
From the archives On May 16, 1966, Mao Tse-tung launched the Cul\u00adtur\u00adal Re\u00advolu\u00adtion, a cam\u00adpaign to purge Chinese so\u00adci\u00adety of old ways and
Sweden Sentences Man To Life In Prison For Role In Rwandan Genocide The 61-year-old Swedish citizen was convicted of genocide and gross crime under international law.
Iran Arrests Fashion Models In Social Media Crackdown The crackdown comes after Tehran's top leader declared war on un-Islamic thoughts on the Internet.
Suspect Package Forces Evacuation Of Manchester United Soccer Stadium The scare was caused by a fake training device.
ISIS Launch Suicide Bomb Attack On Gas Plant North Of Baghdad At least 11 people have been killed in the assault.
Ukraine's Eurovision Win Sparks A Political Uproar In Russia Ukrainian and Russian tensions boil over into Europe's popular song contest.
UK's Cameron Struggles To Make Britons Believe His EU Message Prime Minister David Cameron is struggling to convince voters he is telling the truth about why Britain should stay in the
Boris Johnson Johnson is leading the campaign to leave the European Union.
U.S. Sees China Boosting Military Presence After Island-Building Spree \Substantial infrastructure, including communications and surveillance systems, is expected to be built on these features.\
Venezuela's Maduro Declares Emergency, Cites U.S., Domestic 'Threats' To His Rule Maduro took a similar action last year, and U.S. officials are increasingly worried that Venezuela is near a meltdown.
What's Next For Brazil's Political Crisis In this Q&A, expert Brian Winter explains what to expect now that Brazil's president is facing impeachment.
Why Kenya Announced An Unrealistic But Alarming Plan To Rid The Country Of Refugees Aid groups warn that forcing hundreds of thousands of refugees out would create instability and a humanitarian disaster.
North Korea Detains Russian Yacht The boat had a crew of five people on board.
Hezbollah Blames Jihadists For Death Of Top Commander In Syria But a monitoring group cast down on the organization's account of his death.
Sadiq Khan and the End of Islamophobia Even his own sister was mortified. In the recent mayoral race in London, the Conservative Party\u2019s Zac Goldsmith was in many
Unprecedented Protests Hit One Of The World's Most Repressive Countries In a place where disappearances and torture are common, brave individuals are taking to the streets.
Brazil's Temer Takes Reins After Rousseff's Ouster Rousseff called the impeachment \fraudulent\ and \a coup.\
Spain Toxic Tyre Dump At Sesena Forces Mass Evacuation People living near a \toxic cloud\ from a burning tyre dump near the Spanish capital Madrid have been told to leave their
Europe Says Number Of Migrants And Refugees Arriving In Greece Falls 90 Percent The EU and Turkey entered into an agreement last month to clamp down on arrivals into Greece.
Hezbollah Top Commander Mustafa Badreddine Killed In Syria It was the group's most high profile loss since the 2008 killing of its military commander.
Declassified Documents Detail 9/11 Commission's Inquiry Into Saudi Arabia Investigators for the 9/11 commission would later describe the scene in Saudi Arabia as chilling.
Russia Will Act To Neutralize U.S. Missile Shield Threat \Yet another step to rock international security and start a new arms race.\
U.S. Officials Storm Out Of Uganda President's Inauguration Yoweri Museveni offended Western diplomats after calling the International Criminal Court \useless.\
Thousands Of Egyptians Are Posting Selfies To Challenge Their Goverment After members of a Cairo-based satirical troupe were arrested, citizens are asking the government, \Does a mobile phone camera shake you?\
Australian PM Turnbull Named In Panama Papers, Denies Wrongdoing \There is no suggestion of any impropriety whatsoever.\
ISIS Suicide Blasts Claim More Iraqi Lives After Deadliest Day In Baghdad This Year At least 80 people died in ISIS bombings in the Iraqi capital on Wednesday.
Saudi Officials Were 'Supporting' 9/11 Hijackers, Commission Member Says A former Republican member of the 9/11 commission, breaking dramatically with the commission\u2019s leaders, said Wednesday he
Russian Insider LOS ANGELES \u2014 Dozens of Russian athletes at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, including at least 15 medal winners, were
Aid Convoy Denied Entry Into Besieged Syrian Town It would have been the first supplies for the residents of Daraya for over three years.
Team Of Sherpas First To Scale Everest In 2 Years The successful ascent is the first since a deadly earthquake last year and an avalanche the year before forced climbers to abandon their attempts.
Brazil President Dilma Rousseff Suspended After Senate Votes For Impeachment Trial Corruption charges, a deepening economic crisis and insurgency by opponents led to the downfall of Rousseff.
Bangladesh Hangs Islamist Party Leader For Genocide The 73-year-old was convicted of genocide, rape and orchestrating the massacre of intellectuals during Bangladesh's war of independence.
Haunting Photos From This Year's Courage In Photojournalism Award Winner Adriane Ohanesian's images of conflict and crises are outstanding.
Why It's A Huge Deal That The Philippines Elected Its First Trans Politician It's a major victory for a country with a history of marginalizing its LGBT population.
Top Russian Oil Executive Predicts End Of OPEC Igor Sechin is one of President Vladimir Putin's closest allies.
Mexican Judge Rules El Chapo Can Be Extradited To The U.S. The notorious drug lord was recently moved to a prison near the American border.
Brazil In Chaos As Rousseff's Impeachment Vote Is Annulled Waldir Maranhao said there were procedural flaws in the chamber's vote that accepted the impeachment charges.
Panama Papers Include Dozens of Americans Tied to Fraud and Financial Misconduct Mossack Fonseca's files include offshore companies linked to at least 36 Americans accused of serious financial wrongdoing
North Korea Says It Will Expand Its Nuclear Program The decision is in defiance of U.N. resolutions against the DPRK's nuclear ambitions.
Machines Won\u2019t Replace Us, They\u2019ll Force Us to Evolve Something big is happening in design and engineering. For all of human history, we have created tools that help us do what
Pentagon Report Reveals Confusion Among U.S. Troops Over Afghan Mission \'How far do you want to go?' is not a proper response to 'How far do you want us to go?'\
Artist's Stunning Image Honors The Moment One Woman Defied A Neo-Nazi March Tess Asplund's act of protest went viral as a symbol of resistance to racism and xenophobia.
Amid Protests, Greece Passes Painful Reforms To Attain Fiscal Targets \The measures will be a tombstone for growth prospects.\
Russia Builds A Tunnel To Save Endangered Leopards And Tigers Maybe it\u2019s a little perverse of me, but today I\u2019m going to celebrate a piece of good news about leopards and tigers
At Least 10 Killed In Fighting Between Turkish Soldiers And PKK The conflict between the two groups is at its deadliest in two decades.
Kenya Is Planning To Shut Down The World\u2019s Largest Refugee Camp Hundreds of thousands of people could be displaced.
South Sudan Food Crisis May Affect Up To 5.3 Million People, WFP Says The number of people affected will nearly double from the first three months of the year.
At Least 50 Killed As Bus Crashes With Fuel Tanker In Afghanistan A fire engulfed the three vehicles after the crash.
US Takes Tougher Tone On Israeli Settlements In New Report The United States will endorse a tougher tone with Israel in an upcoming international report that takes the Jewish state
Canadian Officials Start To Get Handle On Massive Wildfire The inferno looks set to become the costliest natural disaster in Canada's history.
Firebrand Politician Looks Set To Clinch Philippine Presidency Rodrigo Duterte's truculent defiance of political tradition has drawn comparisons with U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, as have his references to his libido.
Kim Jong-un Announces A Five-Year Plan For North Korea North Korea is having its first party congress in 36 years.
Canada's Wildfire Evacuees Warned They Will Not Return Home For Months The inferno looks set to become the costliest natural disaster in Canada's history.
Mexico Drug Lord 'El Chapo' Moved To Jail On U.S. Border Officials say it could bring the cartel leader closer to extradition to the U.S.
Britain's Ruling Party Defends Linking Muslim London Mayor To Extremism \In the rough and tumble of elections, you get stuff said, questions asked.\
Saudi Arabia Names Khalid Al-Falih Energy Minister To Replace Naimi In Cabinet Reshuffle \He has the right industrial and executive experience to lead the reorganization of the energy and electricity sectors.\
The Day We Discovered Our Parents Were Russian Spies Tim Foley turned 20 on 27 June 2010. To celebrate, his parents took him and his younger brother Alex out for lunch at an
Fort McMurray Wildfire Explodes In Size The wildfire is expected to be the costliest natural disaster in Canada's history.
Panama Papers Source Breaks Silence And Offers To Aid Authorities For Immunity The explosive documents exposed a massive corruption network.
Canada Wildfire Growing As Weather Heats Up, Escape Convoy Underway \Today will certainly be a very, very challenging day.\
Australia's Hidden, Deadly Migrant Crisis Horrific conditions in offshore detention centers have led to an epidemic of self-harm.
South Asian Asylum Seekers Stuck In Limbo On Lesbos While the E.U.-Turkey deal jeopardized the onward journeys of many Syrian refugees, South Asians do not stand a chance of
Canada's Inuit Fight To Save Their Endangered Languages Lessons from the outside Greenland is a favorite role model when it comes to Inuktut revitalization. When visiting their
Iraqis Mock Prime Minister's Reaction To Stained White Couch After Protests A photo of Haider al Abadi looking at a damaged sofa inspired the hashtag \u201cMy couch, my pride\ and countless memes.
A Soccer Tournament In Paris Gives Hope To LGBT Refugees \We do not need to speak the same language to play soccer together,\ one of the event's organizers said.
U.S. Says Russia Agrees To Extend Syria Truce To Embattled Aleppo The city has experienced the worst surge in fighting in Syria in recent days.
Chinese Army Releases Slick Music Video To Attract Young Recruits \You can be the next god of the barracks!\
How The Next Wonders Of The World Will Be Built In Space On April 12th, 1961 Yuri Gagarin launched into space on a Vostok rocket from the Baikonur Cosmodrome, becoming the first
Justin Trudeau Has A Hilarious Message For The Royal Family, Obamas Ahead Of Invictus Games \I just thought I'd show our friends in the U.S. and the U.K. how Canada brings it.\
May Day Protests In Seattle, Paris, Istanbul Erupt In Violence Demonstrators across the world marched for workers rights.
On his Santa Monica mountaintop, a billionaire envisions lofty thoughts on politics and culture Nicolas Berggruen scuffs along a dirt road overgrown with foxtails, high in the Santa Monica Mountains. The Los Angeles basin
Horrifying Video Captures Deadly Airstrike On Syrian Hospital Airstrikes pummeled the al Quds Hospital in a rebel-held part of Aleppo last week. There are just six doctors left there.
Bombs In Baghdad Kill 14, Including Some Shi'ite Pilgrims Islamic State claimed responsibility for the largest of three blasts, which killed 11 and wounded 30.
Germany's Far Right Party Wants To Adopt Anti-Muslim Manifesto Last month, the Central Council of Muslims likened the AfD's attitude towards Muslims to that of Adolf Hitler's Nazis towards the Jews.
Dozens Of Migrants Missing After Boat Sinks Off Libya Eighty-four migrants are missing after their inflatable dinghy sank off the Libyan coast, the International Organization
China's One-Child Policy Perhaps no government policy anywhere in the world affected more people in a more intimate and brutal way than China\u2019s one
ISIS Suicide Attacks Kill Dozens In Iraqi City The death toll was expected to keep rising.
Deadly Suicide Blast Hits Turkish Police Station Sources say the suspect is linked to ISIS.
Puerto Rico Makes\u00a0Its Most Significant Default Yet Governor Padilla on Sunday declared a moratorium on a $422 million debt payment due Monday.
ISIS-Linked Hackers Post Target List Of New Yorkers The list includes names, home addresses and email addresses.
Hundreds Of Protesters Storm Baghdad's Green Zone, Enter Parliament Supporters of a prominent Shi'ite cleric are demanding government reform.
Russia Defends Intercept Of U.S. Reconnaissance Plane Over Baltic Russia said on Saturday it had sent a fighter plane on Friday to intercept a U.S. aircraft approaching its border over the
Russian Fighter Barrel Rolls Over U.S. Air Force Plane The Pentagon called the move \unsafe and unprofessional.\
Left-Wing Protesters Disrupt Anti-Immigration Party Conference In Germany Some 400 demonstrators were arrested after clashes broke out.
Nearly 250 Dead Amid Relentless Airstrikes On Syria's Aleppo Nine days of deadly bombardment of the city has all but destroyed Syria's ceasefire deal.
The Huge Challenges Ahead For Saudi Arabia\u2019s Oil Reforms Overcoming its \oil addiction\ may prove to be exceptionally difficult for the world's largest oil exporter.
What Democracy Really Means, According To One Of Its Most Outspoken Champions It's not just about the will of the majority, said Yanis Varoufakis.
Besieged Syrians Live Under Daily Danger Of Unexploded Cluster Bombs Hundreds of unexploded cluster bombs dropped by Syrian government forces in and around Eastern Ghouta since 2012 pose a deadly
Eurozone Economy Hangs On In A Modest But Uncertain Recovery By one measure, the economic crisis that has long ravaged Europe is finally over.
Meet The New President Of The Berggruen Institute Sociologist Craig Calhoun discusses getting into trouble as a kid, talking to strangers and what it means to be American.
Helicopter With 13 People Crashes Off Norway's Coast The aircraft was completely destroyed, a Rescue Coordination Center spokesman said.
People Are Starving In An Iraqi City Surrounded By U.S.-Backed Forces \The people of Fallujah are dying a slow death,\ says the city's exiled mayor.
Pentagon A Pentagon investigation into a 2015 airstrike on a Doctors Without Borders hospital in Afghanistan found that the failures
Migrant And Refugee Children Find A Home In Greece's Intercultural Schools \u201cWe might be of different color, but here we are all equal.\u201d
Mexico Hampered Probe Into Apparent Student Massacre, Panel Says Experts cast doubt on aspects of the government's version of events.
Gay Rights Activist Hacked To Death In Bangladesh The killings took place two days after a university professor was slain in similar fashion in an attack claimed by the Islamic State.
Australian Politician Sets River On Fire To Protest Fracking Dangers An Australian politician has captured the world's attention after setting a river on fire in an effort to highlight the dangers
Brussels Metro Station Debuts Remembrance Wall After Terrorist Attacks The Maelbeek station reopened on Monday, just over a month after deadly terror attacks shocked the city.
Meet The Nanomachines That Could Drive A Medical Revolution A group of physicists recently built the smallest engine ever created from just a single atom. Like any other engine it converts
North Korea Says Submarine Ballistic Missile Test 'Great Success' Concern has been growing that North Korea could soon conduct another nuclear test.
WATCH A preview of the new CNN show \Why They Hate Us\
Austria's Far-Right Party Leads The Vote In Presidential Election The vote will now head to a run-off.
Canada's Northern Territories Struggle With Slow, Expensive Internet In Canada\u2019s north, internet is slower and more expensive than anywhere else in the country. Despite recent improvements, northern
Bangladesh Professor Hacked To Death By Suspected Islamist Militants Five secular bloggers and a publisher have been killed in a similar fashion since February last year.
North Korea Fires Submarine-Launched Missile By Ju-min Park SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea fired a submarine-launched ballistic missile off its east coast on Saturday
The Hypocrisy Underlying Brazil\u2019s Impeachment Movement Many of President Dilma Rousseff's loudest critics are embroiled in their own corruption scandals.
3 Years After French Intervention In Mali, Refugees Still Afraid To Go Home Three years after the French intervention in northern Mali, thousands of refugees in neighboring Burkina Faso are still afraid
Saudi Arabia's Rights Abuses Have Only Gotten Worse Since Obama's Last Visit Rights groups say the president needs to speak out against the country's dire record.
Hundreds Drown One Year After The Deadliest Shipwreck Of The Refugee Crisis The survivors were rescued Saturday in the waters between Libya and Italy.
Greek Photographers Win Pulitzer Prize With These Haunting Images Of Refugee Crisis \Their voice was heard through our photographs and our stories,\ said Pulitzer winner Yannis Behrakis.
Saudis Snub Obama On Riyadh Arrival Amid Growing Tensions President Barack Obama received a chilly reception from Saudi Arabia's leaders as he landed in Riyadh Wednesday, a clear
Syrian Rebels Launch Attacks Against Government Forces Insurgents also made separate advances in Hama.
Ecuador Earthquake Death Toll Rises To Over 400, Billions In Damage The country was hit with a 7.8 magnitude quake two days ago.
Hundreds Of Children Seeking UK Asylum Are Disappearing From Care As officials pulled open the doors of a large lorry at Newhaven port in East Sussex, they found an unexpected cargo.
A Drone May Have Struck A Passenger Jet For The First Time \Frankly it was only a matter of time before we had a drone strike.\
Israeli Army Discovers Hamas-Built Tunnel Stretching From Gaza To Israel \We have neutralized the tunnel in Israeli territory, rendering it unusable for infiltration by Hamas terrorists.\
Chinese Military Plane Makes First Public Landing On Disputed Island BEIJING, April 18 (Reuters) - A Chinese military aircraft has landed at a new airport on an island China has built in the
Brazil's President Is One Step Closer To Impeachment The lower house of Congress voted to impeach Rousseff.
Israeli Military Charges Soldier With Manslaughter In Shooting Of Wounded Palestinian Assailant JAFFA, Israel, April 18 (Reuters) - Israel's military filed manslaughter charges on Monday against a soldier who shot a Palestinian
This Droplet Of DNA Could Store 600 Smartphones Worth Of Retrievable Data To most of us, DNA stores the code of all living things. But according to computer scientists, DNA may one day become the
Explosion Aboard Jerusalem Bus Injures 16 People A spokeswoman for Nir Barkat, the Israeli mayor in Jerusalem, said the explosion was a detonation.
Brazil's Congress Set To Vote On President Rouseff's Impeachment The vote is a crucial step towards a potential impeachment.
Time Running Out To Rescue Survivors Of Quake In Japan It was the second major quake to hit Kumamoto province on the island of Kyushu in just over 24 hours.
Massive Earthquake Strikes Ecuador Killing Hundreds The government says it is the country's worst quake in decades.
Photos From Ecuador Show Devastation After The Deadly Earthquake It was the most powerful earthquake in the South American nation in decades.
Saudi Arabia Warns Of Economic Fallout If Congress Passes 9/11 Bill Saudi Arabia has told the Obama administration and members of Congress that it will sell off hundreds of billions of dollars
Pope Francis Takes Syrian Refugees To Vatican After Greece Visit The 12 refugees are three families from Syria, including six children.
How China Is Using Mr. Bean And Other Pop Culture Icons To Safeguard State Secrets Sometimes it\u2019s hard to distinguish if something is intended to be funny or serious.
What's Behind The Surge In Suicide Attempts Among Canada's Indigenous Population More than 100 of Attawapiskat's 2,000 members have tried to end their lives in the last seven months, including 11 youth on Saturday alone.
Japan Searches For Survivors Trapped By Powerful Earthquake \It's a race against time.\
Why People Join Nigeria's Boko Haram Former members of the militant group offer some answers.
Let Them Eat Kelp The thick beds of kelp growing near Sisimiut, Greenland, inspired an enterprising teacher to launch a new business and revive
North Korea Botches Missile Launch On Founder's Birthday Happy Birthday!
Spanish Industry Minister Resigns After Alleged Links To Offshore Deals Emerged In Panama Papers Jose Manuel Soria has denied all wrongdoing, but said he was stepping down to limit any damage to the caretaker government.
David Cameron's Tax Returns Raise Many Questions Cameron released the document in the wake of the Panama Papers leaks. It shows the PM received a very large cash gift from his mother in 2011.
British Lawmaker Calls David Cameron 'Dodgy,' Is Tossed From Parliament The British prime minister has faced scrutiny over his ties to the Panama Papers leak.
Brazil Congressional Committee Recommends Impeaching President Now, the full lower house must vote on the impeachment proceedings, which is expected to take place on Sunday.
Prosecutors \Numerous elements in the investigation have shown that the terrorist group initially had the intention to strike in France again.\
Malta's Opposition Calls For Prime Minister To Resign Over Panama Papers Thousands gathered in the nation's capital to demand the prime minister step down.
India Temple Fire Leaves Scores Dead Fireworks used during the new year celebrations may have sparked the blaze.
100 Dead, Almost 400 Injured, In Huge Fire In South India Temple Television images showed people, some clutching children with burn injuries, being taken to hospitals.
Cameron Releases Tax Records In Bid To Contain Panama Papers Fallout Cameron's initial reluctance to admit that he benefited from his father's offshore fund caused a furore
Ukraine's Prime Minister Yatseniuk Resigns Yatseniuk tendered his resignation in a televised broadcast on Sunday.
Turkey On High Alert As U.S. Warns About 'Credible Threats' To Tourists Turkish police carried out a controlled explosion of a bag left in Istanbul's popular Taksim square after the U.S. embassy warned of \credible threats\ to tourist areas.
The Not-Completely-Crazy Theory That Russia Leaked The Panama Papers On the face of it, the Panama Papers don't look good for Russia. Reporters investigating the huge leak of financial data
Belgium Charges Paris, Brussels Attacks Suspects With Terrorism Prosecutors said Mohamed Abrini admitted to being the \man in the hat\ seen on Brussels airport CCTV with the bombers.
North Korea Claims Missile Engine Test As Advance In Its Nuclear Program \Now we can... put the den of evil in the United States, and all over the world, within our strike range.\
The Fight To Stop Al Shabab From Disrupting Somalia\u2019s Elections This is a critical year for the troubled African nation.
Argentina's former president faces money laundering investigation Former Argentinian president Cristina Fern\u00e1ndez de Kirchner is the subject of a court investigation into large-scale international
U.S. Weapons Were Used In Deadly Bombing In Yemen, Says Human Rights Group Washington says its support to Saudi Arabia helps minimize civilian harm. An attack last month, allegedly using U.S.-supplied weapons, killed over 100 people.
A Filmmaker's Battle To Expose The Broken Promise Of Women's Rights In Afghanistan \Maybe I should give you to an Afghan man to take your nose off,\ one lawmaker told the filmmaker.
In A Tragic Twist, Near-Extinct Sumatran Rhino Dies Weeks After Landmark Discovery The female was the first of her species to be spotted in Indonesian Borneo in 40 years.
The Leaked 'Panama Papers' Expose The Dirty Dealings Behind Syria's War The Assad cronies who got rich and crushed dissent had no problem moving their money offshore.
Swiss Police Raid UEFA Headquarters After Panama Papers Leaks The impact of the leaked documents from a Panamanian law firm is snowballing.
China Is Operating A Lighthouse On Artificial South China Sea Island China, along with five other nations, have overlapping claims to the South China Sea, where $5 trillion of trade passes every year.
MSF Surgeon Recalls Kunduz Strike Six months ago, Evangeline Cua was operating on a patient in the Kunduz Trauma Center when U.S. airstrikes turned her world upside down. These are her memories from that fateful night.
Pakistan Went From No Executions To Hundreds In Just One Year It ranks among the world's worst executioners.
Doctor At MSF Hospital Hit By U.S. Bombs Dr. Kathleen Thomas was working as an intensive care doctor in the Kunduz Trauma Center when U.S. airstrikes struck. She describes a typical day in the hospital and events that unfolded during the week leading up to the attack.
Worldwide Executions Surge To Highest Levels In 25 Years The U.S. ranks fifth worldwide for annual executions.
Donors Push Burundi To The Brink As 'La Crise' Deepens What role should the international community play in solving the crisis?
Iraq To Investigate Claims Of Unaoil Corruption Against Top Officials The report named several Iraqi officials, including former oil minister Hussein al-Shahristani who it alleged had accepted millions of dollars in bribes.
EU Launches Operation To Deport Migrants To Turkey Under the EU-Turkey deal, Ankara will take back all migrants and refugees, including Syrians, who enter Greece illegally.
Suicide Attacks, Shelling Across Iraq Claim 25 Lives More than 60 people were also wounded.
This May Be The Scariest Sentence You'll Ever Read About The Internet \When I realized that people believe what the Internet says more than reality, I discovered that I had the power to make people believe almost anything.\
Lawyer At Center Of Panama Papers Data Leak Says Firm Suffered 'Limited Hack' The head of Mossack Fonseca said his firm had fallen victim to \an international campaign against privacy.\
Icelandic Prime Minister Abruptly Ends Interview After Tax Scandal Question \You are asking me nonsense.\
The Next Water Crisis Is Looming \u2014 How Can Tech Help? Have you ever wondered if the water in your house is safe to drink? While many have been angered by the news that children
Migrants Continue Arriving In Greece Even As The First Deportations To Turkey Start Greek officials say the surging numbers of arrivals compared to the number of deportations are cause for concern.
Greek Authorities Prepare To Evacuate Crowded Migrant Camp They say they can no longer meet the needs of thousands of migrants and refugees in Idomeni.
Calls For Ceasefire In Deadly Fighting Over Nagorno-Karabakh Region Dozens have been killed in a recent flare up in fighting over the region.
Brussels Airport Reopens 12 Days After Terrorist Attacks Airport staff hugged as the first plane took off.
The Strange Tale Of A Former Putin Favorite's Fall From Grace WASHINGTON \u2014 As happens sometimes with wealthy Russians, Mikhail Y. Lesin found his business and political fortunes in Vladimir
Massive document leak reveals offshore wealth of Putin and his allies A network of secret offshore deals and vast loans worth $2bn has laid a trail to Russia\u2019s president, Vladimir Putin.
Should Borders Matter? Michael Sandel explores the philosophical justifications made for national borders. Using a pioneering state-of-the-art studio
Turkish President \You cannot consider insults and threats press freedom or criticism,\ Erdogan said.
IMF Tries To Put Out Fire From Bombshell Greece Leak, But Doesn't Apologize Speculation that the IMF would pressure Greece to negotiate is \nonsense,\ says a letter rife with thinly veiled criticism.
Greece Demands IMF Explain 'Disaster' Remarks In Explosive Leak A letter from Greek prime minister Alexis Tsipras questions whether the country \can trust\ the lender.
Dozens Of Casualties Reported As Fighting Erupts In Armenia-Azerbaijan Region President Vladimir Putin urged the warring sides to immediately observe the 1994 ceasefire.
In 'Sign Of Hope,' Bombed Brussels Airport To Reopen Sunday The aim is to return to full capacity by the summer, the airport operator said.
Syria Says Mass Grave Found In Palmyra After Recapture From ISIS The historic city fell under the militants' control last year.
Turkey And The EU Have A Plan For The Migrant Crisis. Here's Why It's A Mess. Greece, which has its own social crisis, will be responsible for detaining and expelling thousands of migrants.
Liberia Suffers New Ebola Death Months After Outbreak Declared Over More than 11,300 people have died over the past two years in the world's worst Ebola epidemic, nearly all of them in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone.
North Korea Will Pursue Nuclear Missile Program, Envoy Says \We are going on our own way. (We are) not having dialogue and discussions on that.\
Death Toll From East Damascus Air Strikes Rises To More Than 30 The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the strikes were carried out by Syrian aircraft, despite a month-long \cessation of hostilities.\
Overpass Collapses In Eastern India, Killing 14 \The condition is pathetic. At this moment no one has any clue how many people are trapped.\
Moscow Boycotts Obama's Final Nuclear Security Summit The absence of Russia, one of the biggest atomic powers, adds to doubts that the meeting will yield major results.
A Year After Kenya College Massacre, Teachers Step In To Address The Counterterror Vacuum It was the country's worst terror attack in nearly two decades, and some fear it could happen again.
UN Widens Probe Of Fresh Sex Abuse Allegations In Central African Republic A team led by the U.N. peacekeeping mission in CAR has traveled to the Kemo prefecture to investigate.
Afghans Haunted By U.S. Strikes On MSF Hospital Want The Truth, Not Money And Apologies Six months after the attack that killed 42 men, women and children, the U.S. military's lack of transparency is still hurting Afghans.
U.S. Orders Families Of Government Personnel To Leave Southern Turkey Washington also cautioned Americans against traveling to the region.
95-Year-Old Holocaust Survivor Urges Nazi Trial Suspects To 'Tell The Truth' \I want to know what their motivation was, why so many joined in killing millions of people,\ says Leon Schwarzbaum.
Myanmar Swears In First President With No Army Ties In More Than 50 Years Htin Kyaw, a close friend and confidant of Nobel peace prize laureate Aung San Suu Kyi, was hand-picked by her to run Myanmar's government.
UN Chief Urges Countries To Resettle Syrian Refugees, But Pledges Are Few Only Italy, Sweden and the United States immediately announced concrete plans to play a part.
These Countries Are Failing To Resettle Their \u2018Fair Share\u2019 Of Syrian Refugees Last fall, President Barack Obama pledged to accept 10,000 Syrian refugees into the U.S. by September 2016. But according
North Korea Fires Short-Range Missile Along Its Coast SEOUL, March 29 (Reuters) - North Korea test fired a short-range missile on its east coast on Tuesday, South Korea's military
Scuffles Erupt At Greece-Macedonia Border Amid Rising Tensions In Refugee Camp Many migrants and refugees have remained in Idomeni, hoping the border would reopen.
Pakistan Detained More Than 5,000 After Easter Bombing Killed 72 Most were released and investigators are keeping 216 suspects in custody.
Australia Wants To Scare Away Migrants With A Movie \Journey,\ which reportedly cost the government $5.6 million, shows smugglers, dangerous waters and inhumane detention conditions.
Stunning Murals Energize The Streets In This S\u00e3o Paulo Neighborhood Graffiti artists gathered in Graja\u00fa this month to paint the walls anew.
Brazil's Biggest Party Leaves Rousseff Isolated After Quitting Coalition Under Brazil's presidential system, Rousseff will remain in office but the break sharply raises the odds she could be impeached in a matter of months.
EgyptAir Plane Hijacker Surrenders All hostages were released unharmed after the plane was diverted to Cyprus.
WATCH Its counterterrorism efforts have been hindered by everything from its institutional makeup to linguistic barriers and unemployment.
A Look Inside The Devastation At Brussels' Airport It will \take months\ for the airport to return to normal, Brussels Airport Company's CEO said.
EgyptAir Passengers And Crew Freed Unharmed After Hijacking \We cannot say this was a terrorist act... He was not a professional,\ Egypt's civil aviation minister said.
Juan Manuel Alvarez, Suspected Money Launderer For Joaquin 'El Chapo' Guzman, Detained In Mexico He allegedly has ties to an international money-laundering network that spans Mexico, Colombia, Panama and the United States.
Two More U.S. Citizens Confirmed Killed In Brussels Attack WASHINGTON, March 27 (Reuters) - Two more U.S. citizens have been confirmed killed in last week's Brussels suicide bombings
Incredible \u2018Living\u2019 Alzheimer\u2019s Implant Clears Mouse Brains Of Toxic Junk Alzheimer\u2019s may be the cruelest of brain diseases. Decades before the first signs of dementia strike, toxic protein clumps
Death Toll In Brussels Bombings Rises To 35 In addition more than 300 people have been injured.
Images Show ISIS Didn't Completely Destroy Palmyra \The joy I feel is indescribable,\ Syria's antiquities director said.
Friends, Strangers Raise $123,000 For Family Of Man Killed In \u2018Religiously Prejudiced\u2019 Attack Asad Shah was stabbed to death after posting a religious message on Facebook for Easter.
Pakistanis Hunt For Militants Behind Lahore Easter Bombing A faction of the Pakistani Taliban called Jamaat-ul-Ahrar claimed responsibility for the attack that killed at least 65 people.
The Future Of Crime-Fighting Or The Future Of Racial Profiling? The idea of PredPol is that if officers focus their attention on an area that\u2019s slightly more likely to see a crime committed than other places, they will reduce the amount of crime in that location.
Pakistan To Launch Paramilitary Crackdown After Easter Attack A faction of the Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the bombing.
Photos From Pakistan Show The Tragic Aftermath Of Deadly Lahore Bombing Scores of people, mostly women and children, were killed in a blast at a public park.
Deadly Bomb Blast Hits Public Park In Pakistan's Lahore Most of those killed are said to be women and children.
Syrian Militias Armed By CIA Are Fighting Syrian Militias Armed By Pentagon Syrian militias armed by different parts of the U.S. war machine have begun to fight each other on the plains between the
Algerian Man Suspected Of Forging Documents Arrested As Brussels Investigation Widens With links to the Paris attacks in November becoming clearer, European cooperation appears to be deepening.
Americans Justin And Stephanie Shults Confirmed Dead In Brussels Attacks The couple were waving goodbye to Stephanie's mom at the Brussels airport when the explosions went off.
Syrian Army Claims To Retake Ancient City Of Palmyra From ISIS The loss of Palmyra would be a major blow to ISIS.
ISIS Suicide Bomber Kills 26 At Soccer Match In Iraq The deadly blast hit as the game ended.
Islamic State Dealt Hefty Body Blow With Death Of Top Aide Abd al-Rahman Mustafa al-Qaduli, also known as Haji Iman and Abu Alaa al-Afri, was a veteran jihadist with a bounty of $7 million on his head.
Belgium Charges Three Suspects With Terrorism Belgian media say one is the man captured on CCTV in Brussels airport.
Belgian Muslim Playwright Grieves Attacks, But His Show 'Jihad' Must Go On \u201cIf we are able to be together, then the terrorists have failed.\u201d
The Icy Fire Beneath Norway's Seabed Trapped by deep ocean pressure and cold temperatures along continental shelves, methane hydrates could be an energy windfall
Police Detain Suspect Connected To Brussels Attack, Foiled Paris Plot BRUSSELS, March 25 (Reuters) - Belgian police captured a suspect carrying what a broadcaster said was a suitcase full of
Egypt\u2019s Young \u201cAnti-Torture T-Shirt\u201d Detainee Finally Free After Nearly 800 Days Behind Bars While activists welcome his release, Mahmoud Hussein is just one of many political prisoners often jailed without cause for years.
2 Americans Killed In Brussels Bombings (UPDATE) Secretary of State John Kerry met with Belgian leaders and offered condolences and help following the attacks.
Syrian Government Troops Recapture Palmyra Citadel From ISIS The seizure of Palmyra would mark the biggest single gain for President Bashar al-Assad since Russia intervened in September.
REPORT ISIS' second in command was killed during a raid in Syria this month, defense officials tell NBC News.
Brussels Bombings Extends Across Belgium's Borders Seven people were held in Belgium, two in Germany and French authorities said they thwarted a militant plot there.
Pentagon Ash Carter said on Friday that the group's top finance officer and several other top figures were likely killed.
Brazil Has Had A Crazy Month In Politics. Here's What's Going On. With her presidency at risk, Dilma Rousseff's decision to bring former President Lula da Silva back into the fold has further inflamed her critics.
Watch A Saudi Ambassador Squirm Through A Brutal Interview Awkward!
North Korea Claims Rocket Engine Success South Korea is on high alert.
Brussels Attacks Investigation Leads To Arrests The arrests come two days after the attacks that killed at least 31.
Belgian Ministers Offer Resignation In Wake Of Brussels Attacks The security lapses in a country that is home to the European Union and NATO have drawn international criticism.
U.S. Frustration Simmers Over Belgium's Struggle With Militant Threat Concern over the small European nation's ability to handle its worsening Islamic militant threat came to the fore following Tuesday's ISIS attack.
Syrian Army Tries To Capture Historic City Of Palmyra From ISIS BEIRUT, March 24 (Reuters) - Syrian government forces fought their way into Palmyra on Thursday as the army backed by Russian
Debris Found In Mozambique 'Almost Certainly' From Missing MH370, Investigators Say The Malaysia Airlines jet vanished more than two years ago.
Salah Abdeslam, Prime Suspect In Paris Attacks, Will Not Fight Extradition To France Abdeslam is due in court in Brussels on March 31.
In Syria And Iraq, The Islamic State Is In Retreat On Multiple Fronts As European governments scramble to contain the expanding terrorist threat posed by the Islamic State, on the battlefield
Why Many Terrorists Are Criminals Before They Turn To Extremism A radicalization expert explains what countries can do to stem the violence.
American Injured In Brussels Terrorist Attack Was Also At Boston Bombing He was also just hours away from November's Paris attacks.
Manhunt For Brussels Attacks Suspects Enters Second Day The president of Turkey said on Wednesday that one of the bombers had been arrested near the Syrian border last year.
Debris Found In South Africa Could Be From Missing Flight MH370 Malaysia is sending a team of investigators to inspect the wreckage.
Taxi Dispatcher's Error May Have Saved Lives In Brussels The bombers reportedly ordered a minivan but received a smaller car.
Belgians' Worst Fears Realized After Months On High Terror Alert The deadly attacks on Tuesday follow months of tensions, and warnings.
Brussels Universities Scramble To Help Students Stranded After Attacks Some schools asked people to carpool or take in students who couldn't leave campus after classes were canceled.
Conservatives Spout Hateful Rhetoric In Wake Of Brussels Attacks Donald Trump led the charge calling for closing borders, waterboarding suspects and blaming refugees.
Deadly Explosions Rock Brussels Airport And Subway At least 34 people were killed.
This Amazing Computer Chip Is Made Of Live Brain Cells A few years ago, researchers from Germany and Japan were able to simulate one percent of human brain activity for a single
Hundreds Of Stranded Syrians Celebrate The Persian New Year In Greek Refugee Camp The Nowruz holiday, which is a celebration of rebirth, means \New Day.\
Gunmen Attack EU Military Training Base In Mali BAMAKO, March 21 (Reuters) - Unidentified gunmen attacked a hotel in Mali's capital Bamako on Monday that had been converted
10 Historic Photos Show How Far U.S.-Cuba Relations Have Come The United States re-established diplomatic ties with its former foe in July 2015 after 54 years of frozen relations.
Obama Kicks Off Historic Cuba Visit The visit is the first by a U.S. president in 88 years.
Striking Images Show The Face Of Cuba As Obama Begins His Visit A selection of photos taken of daily life in Cuba from The Huffington Post's team in Havana.
ISIS Responsible For Istanbul Suicide Bombing, Turkish Official Says The bombing killed four and wounded dozens of others.
Turkey Soccer Match Canceled, Stadium Evacuated Over Security Fears The match was postponed \due to the assessment of serious intelligence obtained and in line with demand and consensus of the football clubs\.
Gigantic Yellow Ducks Drafted In To Protest Against Brazil's President The nation is enduring its deepest recession in 25 years.
Cubans Hope Obama's Visit Means A Brighter Economic Future This is what everyday people in Cuba had to say.
Online Translators Bridge The Communication Gap Between Refugees And Volunteers In Greece How do you help someone if you can\u2019t communicate with them? Translators without Borders, a remote network of volunteer translators
Paris Attacks Suspect Salah Abdeslam Charged In Belgium He was captured on Friday after a four-month manhunt.
Deadly Suicide Bombing Hits Istanbul It was the fourth suicide attack in Turkey this year.
Cubans Display American Flags Ahead Of Obama's Historic Visit It was rare to see an American flag in Cuba before the 2014 thaw in relations, but that appears to be changing.
The Sea As You've Never Seen It Before Through A Photographer's Lens Australian photographer Lisa Michele Burns' aerial shots of the sea are stunning.
Airliner Crashes In Russia, Killing All Aboard The plane, with 62 people on board, was landing at an airport in southern Russia.
Haunting 3D Video Shows Island At Center Of Refugee Crisis Lesbos like you've never seen it before.
United Kingdom Proposes Soda Tax In Ongoing Fight Against Obesity Last October, British Prime Minister David Cameron addressed the question of a soda tax in the United Kingdom, where more
EU Leaders Approve Deal With Turkey To Curb Migrant Flows Ankara has agreed to take back all undocumented migrants who crossed to Greece, including Syrian refugees.
Madrid's 72-Year-Old Feminist Mayor Shares Her Wisdom On Life And Politics Manuela Carmena has become the unlikely face of Spain\u2019s youth-driven social and political change.
DNA Of Hunted Paris Attacker Found In Raided Brussels Apartment BRUSSELS, March 18 (Reuters) - The most-wanted fugitive from November's Paris attacks was wounded in a shootout in Brussels
Saudi-Led Coalition May Be Responsible For International Crimes In Yemen, Says U.N. More than 6,000 people have been killed since the coalition campaign began a year ago.
A Coal Miner In Norway Dreams Of Life Above Ground Coal mining is a big part of the Svalbard story, but that doesn\u2019t always make it the focal point, not even for the miners
Brazil Is Engulfed By Ruling Class Corruption \u2014 And A Dangerous Subversion Of Democracy The multiple, remarkable crises subsuming Brazil are now garnering substantial Western media attention. That\u2019s understandable
This Syrian Refugee Has Been Trapped In A Turkish Airport For Over A Year \I have forgotten what it means to be human.\
American Says Joining ISIS Was A 'Bad Decision' Mohamad Jamal Khweis said he \needed to escape\ after a month with the terror group.
Paris Attacks Suspect Salah Abdeslam Captured In Brussels He is the only survivor of the 10 men believed to have carried out the November attacks.
Israeli Spymaster Turned Netanyahu Critic Meir Dagan Dead At 71 The pugnacious retired army general spearheaded shadow wars against Israel's enemies.
American Expat Thinks U.S. Gun Violence Is So Bad He Feels Safer In Syria \In Damascus, I know who has the guns. In America, everybody has a gun,\ he says.
UN Human Rights Investigator Calls For Prosecution Of North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un Marzuki Darusman said North Korea is devoting huge resources to developing nuclear and other weapons of mass destruction while many of its citizens lack sufficient food.
Doctor Urged Psychiatric Treatment For Germanwings Co-Pilot 2 Weeks Before Crash But the physician didn't inform aviation authorities or the airline about Andreas Lubitz's illness, a report has found.
Goodyear\u2019s Awesome New Spherical Tire Design For Autonomous Cars What will the cars of the future be like? It\u2019s fun to imagine how new technologies and design trends will influence future
Islamic State Fighter From U.S. Reportedly In Custody In Iraq WASHINGTON/ERBIL, Iraq March 14 (Reuters) - An American fighting for Islamic State was taken into custody in northern Iraq
Merkel's Party Suffers Drubbing In German State Elections The German chancellor has staked her legacy on her decision last year to open the country's doors to over 1 million migrants.
Deadly Explosion Rocks Turkey's Capital Of Ankara Smoke could be seen rising above the city after the blast.
Portland-Bound Missiles Found On Air Serbia Flight The missiles' final destination was listed as Portland, Oregon.
Portland-Bound Hellfire Missiles Found On Air Serbia Flight The flight was headed from Lebanon to Serbia.
Hundreds Of Thousands Pour Onto Brazilian Streets To Demand President's Exit Polling firm Datafolha estimated 500,000 demonstrators in Sao Paulo on Sunday, the biggest rally in the city's history.
ISIS 'Forces Birth Control On Captives' To Maintain Supply Of Sex Slaves Fighters reportedly ensure women don't become pregnant by using oral and injectable contraception.
At Least 16 Killed In Deadly Attack At Ivory Coast Resort Town Gunmen led a deadly assault on a beach at a resort town.
The EU-Turkey Plan Won't Stop Migration, But It Could Make It More Dangerous Why the deal proposed in Brussels this week won't solve the European refugee crisis.
Watch BASE Jumper Soar Down Past The Shard The daredevil reportedly leapt from the London high-rise's 72nd floor.
Photos Show Devastation At A United Nations Site In South Sudan At least 18 people died in deadly fighting in a United Nations Protection of Civilians site.
ISIS Pushes Birth Control In Effort To Maintain Supply Of Sex Slaves DOHUK, Iraq \u2014 Locked inside a room where the only furniture was a bed, the 16-year-old learned to fear the sunset, because
Turkey Is 'Sliding Backwards,' Says Top Turkish Novelist \We have become a society of anger, paranoia [and] intimidation. And artists, writers, academics -- people who have been trying to build bridges so as to promote coexistence and peace -- know that they have lost big time.\
To End No Wars 5 reasons peace in Syria (and elsewhere) is beyond our grasp
Japan Honors Victims Of Its Worst Earthquake 5 Years On The Tohoku earthquake triggered a huge tsunami and the Fukushima nuclear meltdown.
Police Investigate If Mikhail Lesin, Ex-Putin Aide, Was Attacked Outside D.C. Hotel An autopsy recently concluded that the former press minister died of blunt force injuries to the head.
Mexican Actress Says Sean Penn Betrayed Her On the evening of January 9, 2012, the Mexican actress Kate del Castillo poured a glass of wine, sat down at her computer
Indian Government Says It Won\u2019t Criminalize Marital Rape It says the concept \cannot be suitably applied in the Indian context.\
South African Teen Finds Debris That May Belong To Flight MH370 Australia will test the piece as part of the investigation into the missing Malaysia Airlines flight.
Iran Says Court Sentences Billionaire To Death For Embezzlement Babak Zanjani was convicted of \spreading corruption on earth\ after helping the government evade oil sanctions.
At Least 18 Refugees Drown After Boat Sinks Off Turkish Coast 15 more were rescued from the Aegean Sea.
ISIS Suicide Bomb Kills At Least 60 South Of Baghdad ISIS has claimed responsibility for the deadly attack.
A Unique Norwegian Choir Is United By Coal As Mining Industry Suffers I met Larsen on her coffee break outside head office, across the street from Norway\u2019s only coalfired power plant. Its fuel
Italian Unions Lambast New Museum Boss For Working Too Hard \Such behavior puts the whole structure at risk,\ the unions wrote in a letter.
How Islamic State is training child killers in doctrine of hate A new generation of Isis recruits is being developed in the Islamic State\u2019s \u201ccaliphate\u201d, indoctrinated with religious concepts
To Witness War Is To 'Experience The Worst In People But To Remember The Beauty' War photographer Lynsey Addario carries a sense of peace even when capturing conflict zone images.
Turkish Police Fire Tear Gas At Newspaper As EU Officials Lament Press Record Protests began after authorities seized control of the country's biggest newspaper.
The Shocking Reality Of The Sexual Violence Epidemic In Papua New Guinea A new Doctors without Borders survey documents the alarming scale of the abuse of women and children in the country.
The Terror Group That Could Ruin Syria's Ceasefire Isn't ISIS Al Qaeda's affiliate in the country is a major problem for the temporary truce.
Rouhani And Reformers Wins Big In First Iran's Post-Nuclear Deal Election Millions crowded polling stations on Friday to vote in the first post-nuclear deal election.
Ireland Voters Oust Ruling Coalition In Rejection Of Austerity Ireland is the latest European nation to be swept into turmoil over austerity.
ISIS Market Bombing In Baghdad Kills At Least 70 People This is the deadliest attack on Baghdad so far this year.
Record-Breaking South Korea Filibuster Runs Beyond 115 Hours And it shows no sign of ending.
Mugabe Holds Lavish 92nd Birthday Party In Drought-Stricken Zimbabwe One feast in a poverty-devastated province cost nearly $1 million.
Who Really Killed Boris Nemtsov? On Saturday afternoon, friends and colleagues of Boris Nemtsov, joined by thousands of others, will march in Moscow, marking
Syria Fighting Mostly Stops As Truce Takes Effect The agreement is the first of its kind to be attempted in four years and, if it holds, would be the most successful truce of the war so far.
How Close We Are To A 3-D-Printed Human Heart Scientists announced that for the first time ever, they were able to 3-D print an organ, successfully transplant it into an animal and get it to work.
China\u2019s Curious Dream Of Floating Nuclear Plants On The Ocean The family of nuclear reactors found on the seven seas is about to grow -- China recently announced plans to build a floating
Last Survivor Of Treblinka Nazi Death Camp Dies At 93 Samuel Willenberg was one of only 67 people known to have survived the extermination camp -- the site of about 875,000 deaths.
Missing Radioactive Material Found Undamaged In South Iraq The discovery ends speculation that ISIS could have acquired it.
U.S-Russian Plan Calls For Syria Ceasefire Starting Saturday The plan excludes the self-described Islamic State and al-Qaeda linked Nusra Front militants.
Scenes Of Desperation As Afghan Refugees Are Stuck Outside Macedonia's Border The Balkan country just north of Greece closed its borders to Afghan refugees on Sunday.
North America\u2019s Rarest Wolf Had A Bad Year The Mexican gray wolf population in the United States dropped 12 percent in 2015, with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service
Pope Francis Makes Strongest Call Yet To End The Death Penalty \'You shall not kill' has absolute value and applies to both the innocent and the guilty.\
Deadly Bombings Kill Scores In Syria As U.S. And Russia Talk Ceasefire The Islamic State militant group took credit for the attack.
Turkey\u2019s Increasingly Desperate Predicament Poses Real Dangers ISTANBUL \u2014 Turkey is confronting what amounts to a strategic nightmare as bombs explode in its cities, its enemies encroach
London Mayor Boris Johnson Says He Favors Brexit \I want a better deal for the people of this country to save them money and to take back control,\ Johnson said.
Huge Cyclone Leaves Trail Of Destruction In Fiji \Some villages have reported that all homes have been destroyed.\
Serbia The Serbian Embassy staff members were abducted in Libya in November.
Uganda's President Extends 30-Year Rule, Detains Rivals After Election \I have never seen another president and it seems it will be like that until he dies.\
Britain And EU Reach Deal, Clearing Way For Referendum On Membership Now David Cameron must wage an intense campaign to convince citizens to vote to stay in the EU.
What Russia's Failing Economy Means For Putin's Legacy And Military Ambitions The WorldPost spoke with Sergey Aleksahenko, former deputy chairman of the Russian Central Bank.
Dream Of Visiting Greece Through The Ages With These Vintage Posters The country's official tourism ads are works of art.
Kurdish Militant Group Claims Responsibility For Ankara Bombing Wednesday's attack claimed the lives of 28 people.
Fighting At UN Compound Sheltering Refugees In South Sudan Leaves 18 Dead Two workers from Doctors Without Borders are among the dead.
Scores Of Dismembered Corpses Found Inside Drain Pipes At Colombian Jails The bodies of at least 100 prisoners and visitors have been discovered.
Tear Gas Released In Parliament By Kosovo Opposition Lawmakers Three MPs were arrested, said police, who were forced to remove several opposition lawmakers who refused to leave the chamber.
2 Children Die Every Day On Journey From Conflict Zones To Europe The tragic deaths are \unbearable and must stop.\
Inside The Last Refuge For Afghanistan's War Wounded After U.S. airstrikes destroyed a Kunduz hospital, Afghans must travel for days to reach life-saving treatment.
Migrants And Refugees Stuck In Greece Face Uncertain Future Those who aren't from Syria, Afghanistan or Iraq are no longer allowed through to Macedonia.
Fleeing Into The Unknown Every month, thousands of Eritreans attempt to flee repression, torture and indefinite forced conscriptions by embarking
Otter At Calgary Zoo Killed By Pair Of 'Unauthorized' Pants Two employees gave the animal the piece of clothing.
Turkish Air Strikes Hit PKK Camps In Northern Iraq After Ankara Bombing The car bomb attack killed 28 soldiers and civilians on Wednesday.
Pope Francis Ends Mexico Tour Blessing Migrants At U.S. Border The \People's Pontiff\ visited a prison and spoke out on immigration and drug cartels.
Radioactive Material Stolen In Iraq Raises Security Fears The material, stored in a protective case the size of a laptop computer, went missing in November.
Canadian Police May Have Greatly Underestimated How Many Indigenous Women Are Missing Or Dead New numbers are more than three times higher than the force's initial counts.
Photos Show Fire And Smoke Engulfing Ankara District After Deadly Car Bomb Wednesday's bombing is the latest in a string of attacks that have shocked the nation.
Band Targeted In Paris Attacks Makes Emotional Return To Finish Concert Eagles of Death Metal completes the show that began at the Bataclan.
How This Company Tracked 16,000 Iowa Caucus-Goers Via Their Phones Dstillery captured mobile IDs and then looked up the characteristics associated with them in order to make observations about the kind of people that went to Republican caucus locations (young parents) versus Democrat caucus locations.
Doctors Without Borders \The destruction of this hospital deprives about 40,000 people of healthcare in this conflict zone.\
Miners Unearth Spectacular 404-Carat Diamond In Angola The gem could be worth $14 million.
Ehud Olmert Becomes First Israeli Prime Minister To Go To Prison Olmert will spend 19 months behind bars for corruption.
Diplomat Says Islamic State Used Mustard Gas In Iraq Last Year Sulfur mustard is a Class 1 chemical agent, which means it has very few uses outside chemical warfare.
Attacks On School And Hospitals In Syria Leave Dozens Of Civilians Dead 14 people were killed in the town of Azaz near the Turkish border when missiles slammed into a school sheltering families fleeing the offensive and the children's hospital, two residents and a medic said.
Refugee Women In Lebanon Show Incredible Resilience Despite Exploitation And Abuse Syria Deeply
Robots In Health Care Could Lead To A Doctorless Hospital Imagine your child requires a life-saving operation. You enter the hospital and are confronted with a stark choice. Do you
Ceasefire Doesn\u2019t Mean Parties 'Stop Using Weapons,' According To Syria's Assad Despite world powers' recent agreement to a \cessation of hostilities,\ Syrian army offensives continue.
Pope Francis Slams Mexico's Rich And Corrupt Elite The Pope held mass in Ecatepec, one of Mexico's poorest and most dangerous cities.
Civilian Casualties Hit Record High In Afghanistan Women and children were especially hard hit.
How Cheap Oil Handicaps Nigeria's Fight Against Boko Haram The crisis for Africa's biggest economy \could not have come at a worse time.\
Why El Chapo Might Not Face Trial In Brooklyn\u2026 Or Anywhere Else A lot of things will have to happen before he\u2019s even extradited.
These Graphic Novel Authors Illustrate The Struggle Of Being Gay And In Love In Iran \Many parents of gay kids have been so homophobic until they discover that their kid is gay. And then they\u2019re stuck between what they learned and what their beliefs are on the one hand, and what their love is on the other.\
Haiti's Political Crisis Political scientist Robert Fatton Jr. explains the deep-rooted challenges Haiti's next leader will face.
Syria Ceasefire Agreement Reached By World Powers The agreement is a step in the right direction after numerous failed attempts to address the nightmarish war in Syria.
Mexico\u2019s \u2018El Chapo\u2019 May Face Drug Trial in Brooklyn, N.Y. Senior Justice Department officials are tentatively planning to send Joaquin \u201cEl Chapo\u201d Guzman to Brooklyn, N.Y., to face
Vatican Has A Long Way To Go In Righting Clergy Child Abuse Issues A recent statement surprised and angered critics who point to the church's poor record on abuse.
Israeli Lawmaker \Don't you have a brain?\ one lawmaker asked her.
'Cessation Of Hostilities' In Syria Lets Russia Keep Bombing Friday's agreement did nothing to halt Russian bombing for at least another week, allowing government forces to press on with their offensive.
Syrians Stranded By Fighting Over Aleppo Beg Turkey To Open Border \The situation here is miserable,\ one activist said.
Syria's Assad Vows To Keep Fighting Despite Peace Talks The Syrian president also said he would retake the whole country, and that that could take a long time.
Pakistan Arrests 97 Militants, Foils Plan To Break Journalist's Killer Out Of Jail More than 772 lb of explosives were recovered from a building believed to be a hideout.
Hollywood Star Forest Whitaker Is On A Quest To End The Use Of Child Soldiers \We can help turn soldiers into teachers, doctors, and leaders.\
Photographer Captures Remnants Of Shanghai's Past As It Moves To The Future \I've never seen progress happen so fast anywhere else. There's a real can-do attitude in China.\
NATO Launches Mission In The Aegean Sea To End Smuggling Of Migrants, Refugees \It is important that we now act quickly.\
North Korea Calls South's Suspension Of Operations In Industrial Zone A 'Declaration Of War' The North also declared the industrial park a military control zone.
Russia Proposes March Truce In Syria, But No Agreement Has Been Reached A Syrian military source said the battle for Aleppo, a major prize in a war which has killed a quarter of a million people, would continue in \all directions.\
Prison Riot In Mexico Leaves 52 Dead The incident is the latest in a series of deadly riots in recent years to rock the country\u2019s overcrowded prisons.
Russian Intervention In Syrian War Has Sharply Reduced U.S. Options MUNICH \u2014 For months now the United States has insisted there can be no military solution to the Syrian civil war, only a
Trippy Video Teaches Entire History Of Japan In Just 9 Minutes The perfect study guide.
Wild Leopard Enters School And Attacks Six People Video shows the big cat biting one man, who was not seriously injured.
How Google\u2019s AI Beat A Human At \u2018Go\u2019 A Decade Earlier Than Expected Last week, news broke that the holy grail of game-playing AI\u2014the ancient and complex Chinese game Go\u2014was cracked by AI system
Taiwan Quake Death Toll Climbs To 35 More than 100 people are still missing.
U.N. Security Council Condemns North Korea After Rocket Launch Washington warned of \serious consequences\ for Pyongyang.
One Of 'Jihadi John's' Fellow ISIS Jail Guards Identified A member of a British cohort within the Islamic State that oversaw the brutal detention and beheading of Western hostages
North Korea Launches Long-Range Rocket It Says Is Carrying Satellite Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe called the launch \absolutely unacceptable.\
Inside The Largest Refugee Camp In The World Ben Rawlence's book follows nine remarkable refugees in Kenya's Dadaab camp, which is home to 350,000 people.
Actor Declared Brain Dead After Simulated Hanging Scene Goes Wrong Raphael Schumacher was strangled on stage.
Syrian President Assad's Mother Dies At 86 Anisa Makhlouf was married to the late president Hafez al-Assad, who ruled Syria from 1971 until his death in 2000.
Somalia The explosion punctured a hole in the jet, killing one passenger.
Tens Of Thousands Flee To Turkish Border As Aleppo Assault Intensifies The assault around Aleppo, which aid workers have said could soon fall to government forces, helped to torpedo Syrian peace talks in Geneva this week.
At Least 45 Killed, 110 Wounded In Triple Bombing Near Damascus Shrine AMMAN/BEIRUT, Jan 31 (Reuters) - At least 45 people were killed and 110 wounded on Sunday by a car bomb and two suicide bombers
German Teen Made Up Story About Being Raped By Refugee A 13-year-old Russian-German girl has admitted making up a story about being kidnapped and raped by migrants in a case that
At Least 65 Dead In Suspected Boko Haram Attack In Nigeria It was their third attack this week inside Nigeria.
How North Korea's Nuclear Threats Have Spiraled Over The Decades Pyongyang's threats may sometimes be hollow, but the nuclear ambitions of the reclusive state cause international alarm.
Almost 40 Dead After Migrant Boat Sinks Off Turkey At least five of those who died were children, according to the Dogan news agency.
China Orders Leading Women's Legal Aid Center To Shut Down The Chinese authorities have ordered a leading women\u2019s legal aid center in Beijing to shut down operations, the center\u2019s
What The Ebola Crisis Can Teach Us About Responding To The Zika Outbreak Two public health experts explain what the world needs to do better this time.
How A Leading Egyptian Historian Found Himself In The Middle Of A Revolution Khaled Fahmy shares his memories of Egypt's uprising, five years after Tahrir.
Why Tunisians Are Protesting Again 5 Years After The Revolution The country may have gained political freedoms, but its economy remains a mess.
8 Charged In Botched Repair Of King Tut's 3,300-Year-Old Mask The workers not only used epoxy glue to reattach the beard but scraped and damaged it while trying to remove traces of the adhesive, prosecutors said.
Refugees In Wales Forced To Wear Colored Wristbands Asylum seekers in Cardiff are being issued with brightly coloured wristbands that they must wear at all times, in a move
Alexander Litvinenko This week, the inquiry into the death of Alexander Litvinenko will deliver its findings.
ISIS Releases Video Purporting To Show Paris Attackers The propaganda footage claims to show images and last statements of nine people who took part in the attacks.
Former Israeli President Shimon Peres Hospitalized The 92-year-old suffered a heart attack on January 14.
Zika Fears SAN SALVADOR \u2014 Reacting to the rapid spread of the Zika virus in Latin America and the Caribbean, health officials in El
How Children Are Forced To The Front Lines Of Yemen's War And what it means for the future of the country.
Why You Need To Be Worried About This Week\u2019s Terror Attack In Pakistan In the country's long fight against armed extremism, people are beginning to run out of hope.
Haiti Postpones Presidential Election As Violence Erupts The election has already been postponed twice before.
Clues Emerge on Robert Levinson, C.I.A. Consultant Who Vanished in Iran But newly disclosed documents suggest that Iranian officials knew far more about Mr. Levinson. In late 2011, a top Iranian
Displaced Turkmen Worry How To Survive As Frigid Temperatures Set In Across Syria As frigid temperatures set in across northern Syria, displaced Turkmen worry about how they will manage to survive. Although
Israel \Ruqayya is a small girl, how could she stab someone?\
Why North Korea's Arrest Of An American College Student Should Come As No Surprise Another American spent months in custody for leaving a Bible in a bathroom.
What Everyday Iranians Have To Say About The Nuclear Deal Now That It\u2019s A Reality In August, these Iranians told us what they thought about the agreement. Now, they tell us what they think about its implementation.
Islamic State Kidnaps At Least 400 Civilians In Syrian City, Says Monitor Militants reportedly struck in Deir al-Zor on Saturday.
Several Americans Have Gone Missing In Iraq, U.S. Embassy Confirms \We are working in full cooperation with Iraqi authorities to locate the missing Americans.\
Despite Madaya Aid, U.N. Still Fails To End Country's Sieges Hundreds of thousands of people are living under siege in Syria, where starvation is being used as a weapon of war. Syria
Burkina Faso, French Troops End Deadly Hotel Siege Claimed By Al Qaeda Group At least 28 people from 18 different countries, including an American missionary, were killed in the attack.
Taiwan's Pro-Independence Opposition Leader Wins Presidential Election Tsai Ing-wen will be Taiwan's first female president.
Inside The Manhunt For El Chapo Stripped to his undershirt and covered in filth, the world\u2019s most notorious drug lord dragged himself out of the sewers and
Activists Media close to the regime said ISIS took over 400 civilians hostage.
Airstrikes Blow Up Millions Of Dollars Stockpiled By Islamic State Video shows clouds of bills filling the air, says the Pentagon.
Africa's Success Story? The most impressive person I met in Botswana barely said a word. She was an older woman, small in stature. We were sitting
Sean Penn Met With 'El Chapo,' And It Apparently Led To His Arrest MEXICO CITY (AP) \u2014 The recapture of drug lord Joaquin \El Chapo\ Guzman took a surprise, Hollywood twist when a Mexican official
'I Went To Join ISIS In Syria, Taking My Four Year Old. It Was A Journey Into Hell' Sophie Kasiki stared at the photograph of a young English-speaking boy in a camouflage uniform and black bandana covered
Manhunt In Israel Bares Tensions Between Jewish And Arab Citizens Israeli authorities shot and killed a wanted gunman but opened a gulf of distrust in the process.
Bombing At Doctors Without Borders Clinic In Yemen Kills 4, Group Says The organization says it is the third severe incident in 3 months.
People Offer Free Hugs To Spread Love As Paris Remembers Victims Of Attacks Thousands gathered to pay their respects to the victims of the 2015 attacks in France.
Air Strike Reportedly Kills 57 In Rebel-Held Town As U.S. Envoy Visits Damascus The strikes, identified as Russian by the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, occurred as a U.N. envoy visited Damascus.
Top ISIS Commander Killed In Iraqi Air Strike (CNN)The second deputy of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was killed during an Iraqi air force strike in the city of Barwana
U.S. Flies Bomber Over South Korea In Show Of Force Against North Korea The U.S. flew a B-52 long-range bomber over South Korea in a show of force after North Korea conducted its fourth nuclear
Cologne Mass New Year's Attacks Put Pressure On Merkel Hundreds of criminal complaints, and police suspicion of asylum seekers, is causing concern.
U.S. Flies B-52 Bomber Over South Korea In Show Of Force Against North Korea The United States is also considering sending a nuclear-powered aircraft carrier to waters off the Korean peninsula.
Mexico The drug lord has now been returned to the same prison he escaped from.
Merkel Calls For Tougher Laws For Asylum Seekers Amid Protests \This is in the interests of the citizens of Germany, but also in the interests of the great majority of the refugees who are here.\
Official He cautioned it may not happen soon.
The Crossing DAY 6 Susan travels by water to meet refugee boats, discussing the dangers of crossing the Mediterranean in small, unstable
Kosovo Protesters Set Fire To Government HQ Police used tear gas to drive back several thousand anti-government demonstrators.
Israeli Military Says 2 Palestinian Attackers Shot Dead Palestinian attacks have killed 21 people in recent months, during which 137 Palestinians have been killed.
Drone Base Closure Doesn't End U.S. Drone Wars In Africa Reported U.S. drone strikes increased in Somalia and Yemen in 2015.
Mexico Aims to Fulfill U.S. Extradition Request for 'El Chapo' A day after fugitive Joaquin \El Chapo\ Guzman was captured, the Mexican government has said it aims to fulfill an extradition
How The Latest Saudi-Iran Feud Will Impact The Entire Middle East An expert interview with Professor Mohamad Bazzi.
The Crossing I came to Lesbos to listen and to learn. I wanted to see firsthand what the crossing was like for these refugees -- to hear
ISIS Launches Attack On Oil Terminal In Libya The Islamic State militant group has taken advantage of Libya's security vacuum to grab territory.
Turkish Presidency Says Erdogan's Hitler Comments Misinterpreted Erdogan made the comment to reporters on Friday.
Iran's Supreme Leader Predicts 'Divine Vengeance' After Saudis Execute Cleric Saudi Arabia executed a prominent Shi'ite cleric along with dozens of others.
Attack At Indian Consulate In Afghan City Of Mazar-I-Sharif Officials report explosions and gunshots heard near the consulate.
Mexico Mayor Killed Less Than A Day After Taking Office MEXICO CITY (AP) \u2014 The mayor of a city south of Mexico's capital was shot to death on Saturday, less than a day after taking
Saudi Arabia Cuts Diplomatic Ties With Iran, Foreign Minister Says The announcement comes after increased tensions following the execution of a prominent cleric.
Video Shows ISIS Killing 5 People It Claims Spied For U.K. BEIRUT (AP) \u2014 A video circulated online Sunday purported to show the Islamic State group killing five men accused of spying
Over 200 Refugees And Migrants Rescued Off Greece Amid Rough Seas One boy died in the first casualty of the boat crossings in 2016.
Investigator Britain withdrew most of its troops from Iraq in 2009.
Western Forces Try To Stem Jihadist Advances In Africa SAHARA DESERT, Niger \u2014 A group of light armored vehicles skated over the moonscape of the Sahara, part of one of the largest
Saudi Execution Of Shiite Cleric Draws Worldwide Protests The executions took place in 12 cities, four prisons using firing squads and the others beheading. In December, al Qaeda
Iranian Protesters Attack Saudi Embassy After Prominent Shiite Cleric Executed The State Department also urged the Saudi government to \respect and protect human rights, and to ensure fair and transparent
Saudi Arabia Executes 47 Prisoners, Including Prominent Shiite Cleric Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr's execution is likely to spark protests among Saudi Arabia's Shiite minority.
Gunmen Attack Indian Air Force Base Near Border With Pakistan Indian troops killed four gunmen, and at least two Indian soldiers were also killed.
Putin Lists U.S. As One Of The Threats To Russia's National Security The new security document says Russia has taken on a greater role solving global conflicts, sparking a reaction by the West.
The Nation That Executed 47 People In 1 Day Sits On The U.N. Human Rights Council Saudi Arabia enjoys the support of allies like the U.S. and U.K. at the human rights body.
Munich Train Stations Reopen After New Year's Eve Terror Threat Germany was warned of an imminent attack at midnight by between five and seven Islamic State militants from Syria and Iraq.
The WorldPost's 10 Must-Read Interviews Of 2015 Start 2016 with a deep dive into last year\u2019s top stories.
Turkey's President Calls Hitler's Germany Example Of Effective Government Erdogan wants to change the Turkish constitution to turn the ceremonial role of president into that of a chief executive.
The Innocent Victims Of Europe's Refugee Crisis \War does not determine who is right - only who is left.\ - Bertrand Russell \u00a0 RYOT\u00a0and The Huffington Post are teaming to
Firefighters Extinguish Dubai Blaze After All-Night Effort, Investigate Cause Firefighters on Friday appeared to have mostly extinguished a blaze that suddenly engulfed one of Dubai's most prominent
New Year's Day Shooting In Tel Aviv Kills At Least 2 There is a \u201cgrowing consensus among security officials\ that the shooting was a terror attack, a report says.
Iran Denies It Fired Rockets Near U.S. Warships In Gulf \The publication of such false news under the present circumstances is akin to psychological warfare,\ a spokesman for Iran's Revolutionary Guards said.
See All The Incredible New Year's Celebrations Around The World \ud83c\udf89\ud83c\udf86\ud83c\udf8a
U.S. Reportedly Preparing Sanctions On Iran Over Ballistic Missile Program Iranian officials have said the country's supreme leader would view such penalties as violating the nuclear accord.
Belgium Detains 6 People Over New Year's Eve Plot Authorities called off the traditional New Year's Eve fireworks display in the capital because of fears of a militant attack.
The Bloody Cost Of Turkey's Crackdown On Kurds ISTANBUL \u2014 A major Turkish military operation to eradicate Kurdish militants in Turkey\u2019s restive southeast has turned dozens
Middle East Map Being Fundamentally Redrawn AMIRIYAT FALLUJAH, Iraq \u2014 Along the vast, zigzagging perimeter of the Islamic State\u2019s self-styled state, the militants are
Munich Police Warn Of 'Imminent Threat' Of Terror Attack BERLIN (AP) \u2014 Police in Munich warned of a \serious, imminent threat\ by Islamic State group suicide bombers wanting to commit
Smog Is Spoiling New Year's In Italy This Year Several cities have banned fireworks because of air pollution.
Top North Korean Aide In Charge Of Negotiating With South Korea Dies Kim Yang Gon's death may prompt a deterioration in relations between the two Koreas.
Working Beside Israelis, This Palestinian Doctor Aims To Treat Everyone \I treat Palestinian and Israeli children without seeing a difference.\
The Everyday Heroes Saving Lives On Syria's Front Line When barrel bombs fall, enter the White Helmets.
Belgian Police Investigate Alleged Orgy During Terror Lockdown While authorities searched for suspected Paris attackers, two police officers and eight soldiers allegedly had sex together.
U.S. Accuses Iran Of Conducting Rocket Test Near Warships, Commercial Traffic The incident is causing new tension between the two nations.
U.S. Airstrikes Helped Retake Ramadi, But Mosul Could Be A Different Story Recapturing the city from ISIS was a major victory for Iraqi forces, but one that relied heavily on American support.
Police In Turkey Detain 2 Suspected ISIS Militants Allegedly Planning New Year's Eve Attack Police reportedly seized suicide vests armed with bombs.
ISIS Ruling Aims To Settle Who Can Have Sex With Female Slaves The ruling or fatwa has the force of law and appears to go beyond the group's previous known utterances on the subject.
Finally, The Deadliest Ebola Outbreak Is Almost Over After more than 11,000 deaths, there are only a few remaining cases.
Al Qaeda Re-emerges As U.S. Focuses On ISIS And Taliban WASHINGTON \u2014 Even as the Obama administration scrambles to confront the Islamic State and resurgent Taliban, an old enemy
Roman Holiday Vehicles in the Italian capital, and in Naples and Milan, have been booted from roads.
Belgium Arrests 2 People Suspected Of Planning Attacks In Brussels The investigation revealed \the threat of serious attacks that would target several emblematic places in Brussels and be committed during the end-of-year holidays,\ the prosecutor's office said.
ISIS Leaders Linked To Paris Attacks Killed In U.S. Strikes One of those killed was Abdul Qader Hakim, who facilitated the militants' external operations and had links to the Paris attack network.
El Salvador Is On Track To Become World Homicide Leader The country's murder rate jumped 70 percent this year.
After 2 Years And 2,500 Deaths, Guinea Is Ebola-Free For a country to be declared free of the virus, it must go 42 days without seeing a new infection.
U.S. Security Aid To Mexico Dwindles Amid Human Rights Abuses The missing 43 students and escape of \El Chapo\ Guzm\u00e1n may partly explain why the U.S. is slashing aid to Mexico.
Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert's Jail Term For Bribery Reduced He will begin serving his prison term on Feb. 15.
Some Syrian Refugees Struggle With New Life In Sweden \My chances of bringing my children here have been diminished -- almost disappeared.\u201d
Syrian Family\u2019s Tragedy Goes Beyond Iconic Image of Boy on Beach When Alan Kurdi\u2019s tiny body washed up on a beach in Turkey, forcing the world to grasp the pain of Syria\u2019s refugees, the
Iraqi Military Flies National Flag Above Ramadi After Liberating City Retaking provincial capital of Ramadi is a significant victory for Iraqi forces against ISIS.
Your Video Binging Is Killing The Planet, But There May Be A Solution Our appetite for video is unlikely to wane any time soon, but researchers have developed a new computer chip that promises to increase efficiency and decrease the carbon footprint of cloud computing.
A Tiny Fish Could Help Curb A Global Public Health Problem Iron deficiency and anemia have a high cost for the global economy\u2014but this small hunk of metal could help fix that.
Top Rebel's Death In Syria Reshuffles Deck Ahead Of Peace Talks Zahran Alloush's death may have contributed to a delay in the pullout of thousands of militants and their families from Damascus.
Chinese Mine Boss Apparently Drowns Himself After Deadly Collapse Since the mine collapse on Friday, rescuers have pulled 11 workers to safety and recovered one body. Another 17 miners are yet to be found.
'Unprecedented' Flooding Inundates Towns In Northern England Hundreds of troops have been called in to help fight the floods as residents evacuate.
Queen Elizabeth II's Christmas Message \There's an old saying that it is better to light a candle than curse the darkness.\
Turkish President Erdogan 'Talks Man Out Of Jumping Off Bridge' TV footage shows motorcade stopping on Istanbul's Bosporus Bridge.
Israeli Forces Shoot Dead 2 Palestinians Accused Of Attempted Attacks At least 126 Palestinians and 20 Israelis have been killed in the past 12 weeks.
Dozens Feared Dead In Second Landslide In Myanmar's Jade Mining Region Myanmar's multi-billion dollar jade industry is controlled by its powerful military.
Iraqi Army Says It Has Retaken City Of Ramadi From ISIS Victory in Ramadi deprives Islamic State militants of their biggest prize of 2015.
U.S. Foreign Arms Deals Increased Nearly $10 Billion in 2014 WASHINGTON \u2014 Foreign arms sales by the United States jumped by almost $10 billion in 2014, about 35 percent, even as the
ISIS Releases Audio Message Purportedly From Leader Al-Baghdadi The Caliphate is \doing well\ despite Russian and U.S.-led coalition airstrikes, he says.
The Best Photos From Around The World YOU Submitted In 2015 Check out some of our favorite photos, shot in all corners of the globe.
Why The Cuba Trade Embargo Still Isn't Going Anywhere Neither Congress nor the Castros are committed enough to overturn trade sanctions yet.
Pregnant And Homeless Amid A Dire Refugee Crisis At a temporary camp, Susan Sarandon learns how overwhelmed aid workers struggle to provide help for thousands.
Beijing Tightens Security As Embassies Warn Of Threat The American, British, French and other embassies said they had received information of possible threats against Westerners.
Taliban Leader Rebuked By Religious Leaders In Sign Of Turmoil In a sign of deep political tension within theTaliban, a collection of religious leaders in the group\u2019s headquarters in Pakistan
Top Syrian Rebel Leader Killed In Air Strike Zahran Alloush's death is a big blow to the rebels who are fighting against President Bashar al-Assad.
As More Borders Close, Families Rush For Refuge There is now an urgency that has filled the boats from Turkey with more women and children.
Strong Earthquake Hits Afghanistan And Pakistan More than 30 people were injured in the magnitude-6.9 quake.
U.S. Officials Syrian government forces may have used poison gas in an attack on a rebel-held town just outside Damascus this week.
Report WASHINGTON, Dec 24 (Reuters) - Islamic State has sanctioned the harvesting of human organs\u00a0in a previously undisclosed ruling
Gas Tanker Truck Fire Kills More Than 100 In Nigeria ABUJA, Nigeria (AP) \u2014 A gas tanker truck ignited an inferno at a crowded industrial gas plant in Nigeria on Thursday, killing
India's Prime Minister Modi Makes Surprise Visit To Pakistan It was the first time an Indian premier has visited the rival nation in over a decade.
What Jesus, Mary And Joseph Have In Common With Syrian Refugees The original Christmas story has echoes of the journey thousands face today.
2,000 Islamist Fighters Will Be Evacuated From Syria's Damascus The deal marks a success for the government of President Bashar al-Assad.
Video Of Israeli Extremists Mocking Death Of Palestinian Girl Sparks Outrage Benjamin Netanyahu condemned the zealots as a \danger to Israeli society.\
Fire At Saudi Hospital Kills At Least 25 And Injures More Than 100 The blaze was sparked in the intensive care unit and the maternity ward.
The Crossing An immersive reporting series hosted by Susan Sarandon chronicling the refugee crisis as it unfolds on the ground.
Why Ebola Didn't Spread In The U.S. We're all in this together. Merry Christmas.
Beijing Tightens Security As Embassies Warn Of Terror Threats Against Westerners The embassies also urged citizens to be vigilant.
As Susan Sarandon Meets A Refugee Mother And Newborn, Memories Of Mary The interaction with the young family on the Greek island of Lesbos was an  emotional one.
Spain's Ruling People's Party Wins Election, Exit Polls Show But they'll need help to form a government.
Youngest Assailant In Delhi Gang Rape Case Released From Prison The Delhi Commission for Women has moved a plea against the release in India's top court.
Air France Flight Forced To Land In Kenya Over Bomb Scare A device suspected to be a bomb was found in the aircraft's lavatory.
Why U.S. Support Of LGBT Rights Abroad Might Be Hurting, Not Helping LAGOS, Nigeria \u2014 Suspicious neighbors and landlords pry into their private lives. Blackmailers hunt for victims on the social
Susan Sarandon Joins Sea Rescue Team On Search For Refugees Headed To Greece \We head out based on a group text, a couple of phone calls and a hunch.\
Deadly Violence In Yemen Threatens Fragile Truce The war has caused a humanitarian crisis in the impoverished country.
Rwandans Vote To Lift President's Term Limits In Controversial Referendum President Kagame could now possibly stay in power until 2034.
Will A Venezuelan Opposition Party's Election Victory Bring Real Change? An expert discusses the significance of Venezuela's recent elections and Chavez's legacy.
Russia Fires Warning Shots At Turkish Ship In Aegean Sea The Turkish fishing vessel passed within 500 meters of the warship, Russia said.
First Female Politicians Elected In Saudi Arabia Women candidates won in both big cities and small villages.
Le Pen's Far Right Party Collapses In French Regional Elections The Front National had been riding high after extremist attacks and an unprecedented wave of migration into Europe.
Thousands Of Brazilians Take To The Streets To Demand President's Impeachment \This is just a warm-up, there will be a huge mobilization in January,\ one protester said.
MTV Helicopter Crashes In Argentina, Killing 2 The chopper was carrying a film crew for an MTV reality show.
Fire At Russian Neuropsychiatric Home Kills 23 Another 23 people also injured in the blaze.
Arab Israeli Leader Ayman Odeh leads a coalition of predominantly Arab parties in the Israeli parliament.
Legendary Climate Scientist Is Not Impressed With The Paris Talks \There is no action, just promises,\ says James Hansen.
World On Brink Of Landmark Climate Agreement In Paris LE BOURGET, France (AP) \u2014 France presented negotiators from nearly 200 nations with what it called a \final draft\ of an
How Hedge Funds Deepen Puerto Rico's Debt Crisis Vulture investors have descended on the commonwealth, taking advantage of a debt crisis that has impoverished citizens and
Climate Deal Text 'Agreed' In Paris Organisers of the climate talks in Paris say a final text has been agreed after nearly two weeks of intensive negotiations
In The Marshall Islands, Traditional Agriculture And Healthy Eating Are A Climate Change Strategy Imports have contributed to an unhealthy diet.
Saudi Women Vote In Election For First Time Men and women are casting ballots at separate polling stations, and female candidates could not directly address male voters.
Dozens Dead After Wave Of Attacks In Burundi's Capital \What is the international community waiting for? Will they intervene when there are no more people in Burundi?\
Israel's First Canine Quarantined For Biting Prime Minister's Guests Kaiya bit two visitors at Benjamin Netanyahu's Hanukkah event.
Kim Jong Un's Girl Band Abruptly Cancels China Gigs As Rumors Fly The Moranbong Band gave no reason for their swift departure, but gossip had been making the rounds on Chinese social media.
France's Far-Right National Front Win Big In Regional Elections Marine Le Pen's anti-immigration National Front is hoping to consolidate recent political gains.
Man Arrested On Flight After Threatening To Open Plane Door A Serbian handball team helped detain him.
ISIS Claims California Mass Killers As Followers SAN BERNARDINO, Calif., Dec 5 (Reuters) - Islamic State said on Saturday that the married couple who killed 14 people in
Can a French Friar End the 21st-Century Slave Trade? It\u2019s 2015, and more than 20 million people are still held in some form of slavery all over the world. Traveling deep into
Suspected Boko Haram Triple Suicide Bombing Kills 27 At Chad Market A police spokesman said three females carried out the bombings.
Volunteers Don't Want To Abandon Refugees In Greece With the government doing little to address the crisis, NGOs have stepped in to fill the gap.
World Powers To Address Alleged Atrocities In North Korea UNITED NATIONS, Dec 4 (Reuters) - The United Nations Security Council will meet next week on human rights in North Korea
Dozens Feared Dead In Fire At Azerbaijan Oil Rig Rescue efforts were impeded by a severe storm.
John Kerry Warns Israel Against Collapse Of Palestinian Authority Secretary of State John Kerry warned Israel on Saturday about the dangers of the possible collapse of the Palestinian Authority
3 Injured After Knife 'Terror Attack' In London Underground LONDON, Dec 5 (Reuters) - A man with a knife stabbed another in an east London metro station on Saturday evening, reportedly
An Award-Winning Photographer Documented A Nation Falling Apart Marcus Bleasdale says without people reporting on the situation in the Central African Republic, \u201cit could very easily have been another Rwanda.\u201d
Spanish Treasure Galleon San Jose Found Off Colombia's Coast The San Jose and its estimated $17 billion treasure have been missing for more than 300 years.
Empty Shoes Left Out To Replace Cancelled Paris Climate March Pope Francis, Vivienne Westwood, and Ban Ki-moon contributed their shoes.
Turkey Returns Pilot's Body From Russian Jet It Shot Down Five days after Turkey shot down a Russian jet, it is returning his body.
Russia's Terror, War Victims Aren't Leading Headlines Back Home The Russian press has barely covered the Metrojet crash victims and their relatives.
Around 200 Arrests At Paris Climate Conference Protest Police and protesters violently clashed on Sunday.
Israeli Police Shoot Dead Palestinian Who Stabbed Officer The incident is the latest attack in a two-month wave of violence.
ISIS Has A Libyan Fallback Option MISURATA, Libya \u2014 Iraqi commanders have been arriving from Syria, and the first public beheadings have started. The local
Russian Air Strikes Kill At Least 30 In Stepped Up Raids In Syria The air strike on Ariha in Idlib province wounded dozens more people, striking a market place, the rescue workers said.
Suspected Jihadists Kill 3 At U.N. Base In North Mali BAMAKO, Nov 28 (Reuters) - The United Nations said unknown attackers fired rockets at a U.N. peacekeeping base in Kidal in
Turkey's Erdogan Expresses Regret Over Russian Plane Downing \We are truly saddened by this incident.\
Migrants Stranded In Greece Clash With Police At Macedonia Border Macedonian forces are building a border fence to keep them out.
Top Kurdish Lawyer Shot Dead During Press Conference In Turkey A \courageous defender of human rights.\
Suicide Bomber Kills 21 At Religious Procession In Nigeria Suspicion is likely to fall on Islamist militant group Boko Haram, which frequently uses suicide bombers to hit soft targets.
Putin Orders Sanctions Against Turkey After Warplane Downed ANKARA, Turkey (AP) -- Russian President Vladimir Putin on Saturday called for sanctions against Turkey, following the downing
ISIS Affiliate Claims Bangladesh Mosque Attack The deadly shooting follows a wave of attacks on foreigners, secular writers and the Shiite minority.
World Leaders Build Momentum For Paris Climate Talks President Barack Obama said this week that an international climate agreement would be a rebuke to terrorists.
Sources PARIS, Nov 27 (Reuters) - The ringleader behind the Nov. 13 attacks in Paris had plans to strike Jewish targets and to disrupt
The Paris Attacks Were Planned In Plain Sight Three days before the attacks that ripped through Paris, Djazira Boulanger handed the keys to her row house, across the street
France Holds Private Memorial Ceremony For Paris Attack Victims It was a quiet, solemn ceremony.
Pope In Africa Criticizes Fanaticism And Corruption, Makes Appeal For Refugees NAIROBI, Nov 27 (Reuters) - Pope Francis urged young Kenyans on Friday not to yield to the sweet lure of corruption, and
Erdogan Warns Russia Not To 'Play With Fire' Tensions are running high between Russia and Turkey.
2 Palestinians Shot Dead After Ramming Cars Into Israeli Troops At least 96 Palestinians and 19 Israelis have been killed since mid-September.
Top Politician Says Russia Has 'Right To Military Response' To Felled Plane \This is intentional murder of our soldiers and this deed must be punished.\
Belgium Charges Man With Involvement In 'Terrorist Attacks' Belgian authorities have charged a man with involvement in \terrorist attacks\ as investigations continue into the massacre
Suspected Boko Haram Bombing Hits Shiite Procession KANO, Nigeria (AP) \u2014 A suspected Boko Haram suicide bomber detonated himself in the middle of a procession of hundreds of
Refugees In Greece Brace For A Cold Winter Ahead Refugees will face additional challenges as the harsh weather sets in.
Saudi Arabia To Execute Over 50 People Accused Of Terrorism Local media doesn't specify when the executions will occur.
French Army Enlistments Skyrocket In Response To Terror Attack PARIS \u2014 The attacks by militants tied to the Islamic State less than two weeks ago in Paris have awakened a patriotic fervor
Turkey releases audio of 'warning' to downed Russia jet - BBC News \Change your heading south immediately,\ a voice apparently says in English. Turkey said it had tried to rescue the SU-24
Hollande And Putin To Cooperate In Fight Against ISIS Hollande and Putin agreed on increasing intelligence sharing, intensifying their airstrikes against IS in Syria and cooperating
Boko Haram Kills At Least 18 On Nigerian Border \Boko Haram has once again sent us into mourning.\
Local Opposition Leader Shot Dead Ahead Of Venezuela Elections The shooting took place at a rally ahead of national elections.
Russia Seeks Economic Revenge Against Turkey Over Jet Turkey dismissed the threats as \emotional\ and \unfitting.\
Mali Authorities Arrest Two Suspects Linked To Bamako Hotel Attack BAMAKO, Nov 26 (Reuters) - Mali authorities arrested two people on Thursday suspected of links to an attack on a luxury hotel
Russian PM Pushes For Sanctions Against Turkey The measures would include restrictions on food imports from Turkey.
Authorities Missed Many 'Red Flags' Before Paris Attacks By John Irish, Robert-Jan Bartunek and Orhan Coskun PARIS, Nov 22 (Reuters) - There were multiple chances to stop the men
Police Asked Brussels Residents Not To Tweet About Lockdown, So They Shared Cat Photos Instead Good job, Internet.
Bomb Threat Diverts Turkish Airlines Flight To Canada HALIFAX, Nova Scotia (AP) \u2014 A bomb threat forced a Turkish Airlines flight from New York City to Istanbul to divert and land
French Police Release Photo Of Third Stadium Attacker BRUSSELS (AP) \u2014 The latest on the deadly attacks in Paris and the heightened security in Europe (All times local)
Landslide Near Myanmar Jade Mine Kills At Least 97 The death toll is expected to rise.
16 Arrested In Brussels, But Key Terror Suspect Remains At Large \Abdeslam Salah was not found during the raids.\
Video Appears To Show Greek Coast Guard Attempting To Sink Boat Of Syrian Refugees The Greek coast guard has denied the allegations, and insists they were working with Turkish crews to rescue the boat.
Formerly Jailed Journalist Explains Iran's Recent Crackdown On Dissent Maziar Bahari's memoir was the basis of Jon Stewart's film \Rosewater.\
Ahmadi Mosque Attacked In Pakistan After Blasphemy Rumor LAHORE/ KARACHI, Nov 21 (Reuters) - Angry protesters attacked and occupied a mosque belonging to the minority Ahmadi sect
Suspected Boko Haram Suicide Attacks Leave 8 Dead In Cameroon The Nigerian militant group's violence is increasingly spilling over borders, displacing tens of thousands of people.
Brussels At Highest Terror Alert Over 'Serious And Imminent' Threat The brother of one of the Paris bombers, who was also living in Brussels, is still on the run.
Bangladesh Executes 2 Opposition Leaders For War Crimes The pair were convicted of war crimes committed during the country's 1971 war of independence.
ISIS Wives Recount Terrible Reality Of Life In Raqqa SOUTHERN TURKEY \u2014 Dua had only been working for two months with the Khansaa Brigade, the all-female morality police of the
What The Paris Attacks Mean For Greece's Refugee Crisis Closed borders across Europe could leave many people stranded in Greece.
Mali Forces Hunting 'More Than 3' Suspects After Hotel Attack BAMAKO, Mali (AP) \u2014 Malian security forces were hunting \more than three\ suspects on Saturday after a brazen assault on
Paris Nurse Discovers The Man He Tried To Save Was Suicide Bomber PARIS, Nov 21 (Reuters) - In the chaos of the explosion at the Comptoir Voltaire cafe, one of several targets hit in the
President Obama Met With Young Muslim Refugees And It Was Absolutely Heartwarming They represent \the opposite of terror,\ he said.
What The Iraq War Can Teach Us About Fighting ISIS \u201cWithout something to take the place of what you\u2019re trying to destroy, there is no point in destroying it,\u201d says a former British intelligence chief.
Viral Poem Urging Prayers For World, Not Just Paris, Strikes A Chord It urges us to pray \for a world that is falling apart in all corners.\
Don't Jump To Conclusions About Suicide Bomber's Syrian Passport One of the most chilling details from the Paris attacks is that the passport of a Syrian refugee was found on or near the
Suspected ISIS Suicide Bomber Hits Police In Turkey The attack came as G-20 leaders are gathering for a summit in the country.
French Authorities Hunt For 8th Suspect After Discovering Alleged Getaway Car One suspect has already been identified, and authorities believe one or more are still at large.
Suspected Getaway Car In Paris Attacks Found Abandoned In Suburb Several AK-47 rifles were in the back seat.
Notre Dame Memorial Service Honors Victims Of Paris Attacks The historic cathedral carried out a special tribute to the Paris victims.
Quarrel Saves Couple From Paris Cafe Attack \Luckily we fought, because if we hadn't, we would both be dead now.\
Cats Nearly Steal The Show Ahead of G20 Meeting In Turkey They were feline good.
Turkish President Calls For Action Against Terrorism Ahead Of G20 \We are now at a point where words end in the fight against terrorism.\
Paris Hero Who Saved Woman At Bataclan Has Been Found She appeared to be shouting, \Please, I'm pregnant.\
As Paris Mourns, Hollande Promises 'Merciless' Response To Attacks The investigation into Friday's attacks extends far beyond France's borders.
How A Tiny Country Like Belgium Became A Breeding Ground For Terrorism As the race to uncover how terrorists managed to complete their devastating attacks in Paris on Friday November 13 unfolds
France Bombs ISIS Headquarters In Syria French warplanes pounded Islamic State positions in Syria on Sunday as police in Europe widened their investigations into
Iraq Warned Of Imminent Attacks Senior Iraqi officials claim they had warned coalition countries of imminent assaults.
French Come Together To Support Muslims After Attacks A call for solidarity to battle backlash against the nation's 5 million Muslims.
Here's What We Know About The Paris Attackers Five dead attackers have been identified, but two suspects are still at large.
WATCH Nearly a thousand people gathered on Sunday in New York's Washington Square Park to mourn those killed in the attacks in
Obama Vows Efforts To Eliminate Islamic State At G20 Summit Obama also urged Russia to join renewed fight against ISIS.
Why A Backlash Against Refugees Only Helps ISIS \u201cThe more that happens, the more French Muslims feel alienated and are susceptible to extremist recruitment,\ one analyst says.
False Alarm At R\u00e9publique Causes People To Run For Their Lives Someone set off firecrackers, which were mistaken for gunshots.
Syrians In Paris Look For Ways To Help In Their New Home \u201cWe know about this feeling, when someone attacks you. We\u2019ve been there.\u201d
Wounded Concertgoer Recalls Being Pulled To Safety In Paris \My first reaction is, 'This is part of the show.' Then I saw people begin to fall down.\
A Terrifying Account From A Survivor Of The Paris Concert Hall Massacre \You never think it will happen to you.\
National Front Leader Polls have been suggesting that Le Pen, known for her strong speeches against immigration, is likely to win regional elections in northern France in December.
American Student Nohemi Gonzalez, 23, Dead In Paris Attacks She was in Paris on an exchange program.
Yazidis Eager To Return To Iraq\u2019s Sinjar, Newly Freed From ISIS, But Fear What\u2019s To Come Members of the minority group worry that messy politics and crushing poverty will only prolong their plight.
Syrian Dictator Who Helped ISIS Rise Now Exploiting Paris Attacks President Bashar Assad's regime empowered the Islamic State in Syria.
Concerned Parisians Are Posting Missing Persons Reports On Social Media The attacks that rocked Paris on Friday night have left many fearing for friends and loved ones.
Horrifying Eyewitness Accounts From Paris Attack Survivors \u201cIt looked like a battlefield, there was blood everywhere, there were bodies everywhere.\
First Victims Of Paris Attacks Identified People continue to search for the missing on social media.
France Stadium Attack Survivor Says Phone Saved His Life \This was the phone that took the hit -- that's what saved me.\
Mass Grave Of Yazidis Unearthed Near Iraq's Sinjar DUHOK, Iraq, Nov 14 (Reuters) - A mass grave believed to contain the remains of more than 70 members of Iraq's Yazidi minority
State Department But a spokesman would not comment on whether any American citizens had been killed.
Paris Death Toll Rises As Officials Piece Together Information On Suspects The death toll has risen to 129, with 352 injured and 99 in critical condition.
Parisians Show Solidarity And Strength From Paris To New York Vigils were held worldwide to honor those lost in the Paris attacks.
Islamic State Claims Responsibility For Deadly Paris Attacks The militant group also redistributed a video threatening to attack France if bombings continue.
Paris Prosecutor Says Likely Attackers Operated In Three Teams PARIS, Nov 14 (Reuters) - The attackers who killed 129 people in Friday night's wave of shootings and suicide bombings in
20 People Found Refuge In A Famous Paris Bookstore During Attacks \We are safe.\
Clashes Erupt At Massive Anti-Government Protest In South Korea It was the largest protest in Seoul in over seven years.
Young Frenchman Identified As Possible Bomber In Attack On Bataclan Concert Hall The young man had been flagged to authorities in the past.
Diplomats Invoke Plan For Joint Action In Syria VIENNA (AP) \u2014 Invoking the need for joint action after the terrorist attacks on Paris, foreign ministers of nearly 20 nations
France Defiantly Plans To Go Ahead With Climate Change Summit The conference \will be held because it's an essential meeting for humanity.\
Man Arrested In Germany With Weapons In Car May Have Links To Paris Attacks It appears the man originally wanted to head to Paris.
Stunned Europe Steps Up Security Following Paris Attacks \Violence and extremism will never triumph over freedom and humanity,\ Dutch Prime Minister Rutte pledged.
France-Bound Airliner Grounded At Amsterdam Over Threatening Tweet AMSTERDAM, Nov 14 (Reuters) - A France-bound airliner was grounded for checks on Saturday afternoon at Amsterdam's Schiphol
France's Hollande Orders Borders Closed, Paris Under First Mandatory Curfew Since 1944 \It is horrifying.\
Leader Of Islamic State In Libya Believed Killed By U.S. Airstrike WASHINGTON, Nov 14 (Reuters) - The U.S. military said on Saturday it launched an air strike targeting the Islamic State's
Paris Authorities Storm Concert Hall Where Hostages Were Held 89 people were killed at the venue.
Deadly Paris Attacks Come Amid Rising Religious Tension In France As violent incidents increase, so do claims of anti-Muslim laws and views in the nation.
Charlie Hebdo Cartoonist Reminds The World That 'Lovers Of Death' Never Succeed \Lovers of death, if God exists, he hated you. And you have already lost, both on earth and in heaven.\
Pianist Plays 'Imagine' Outside Bataclan, Uniting Parisians In Moment Of Peace He rolled up a grand piano and played to a crowd of journalists and onlookers.
World Reacts In Solidarity With Paris After Terror Attacks Photos show countries all over the world expressing support.
Here Are The Locations Of The Paris Attacks Simultaneous attacks with bombs and firearms killed and injured scores.
Graphic Video Shows Concertgoers Escaping Paris Terror Attack Unrelenting horror.
False Alert Prompts Evacuation Near Eiffel Tower PARIS, Nov 14 (Reuters) - The police cordon briefly put around the Pullman Hotel in Paris' 15th district was a false alert
Survivors Reveal Harrowing Details Of Paris Attacks \u201cIt was a bloodbath. It was a slaughter. Dead people everywhere.\u201d
Photos Capture Paris Reeling The Day After Terror Attacks Mourners pay their respects outside attack sites.
These Are The Lives Cut Tragically Short In Paris 130 people have been confirmed dead.
Egyptian Airport Had Lax Security, Officials Reveal Officials told the AP about broken scanners and bribes for looking the other way.
Millions Vote In Myanmar, Easy Victory Expected For Aung San Suu Kyi Many voters cast ballots for the first time in what was been billed as the nation's freest election ever.
Voting Underway In Myanmar's First Free Election In 25 Years YANGON, Nov 8 (Reuters) - Voting began on Sunday in Myanmar's first free nationwide election in 25 years, the Southeast Asian
Presidents Of China, Taiwan Meet For 1st Time Ma is required to step down after two terms next year, with elections in January to choose his successor. He has denied that
Egypt Crash Committee Says Noise Heard In Flight Recording, Too Soon For Conclusions Cockpit information from the Russian jet which crashed in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula one week ago registered a noise in the
WHO Declares Sierra Leone Free Of Ebola FREETOWN, Sierra Leone (AP) \u2014 The World Health Organization declared Sierra Leone free from Ebola transmissions on Saturday
Death Toll In Romania Fire Rises To 41, Ex-Mayor Arrested BUCHAREST, Nov 7 (Reuters) - Nine people died on Saturday from injuries sustained in a fire at a nightclub in Romania eight
'Russia Today' Creator Found Dead In Washington Hotel WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 Mikhail Lesin, a former aide to Russian President Vladimir Putin who helped found the English-language
Why Myanmar's Upcoming Election Is So Historic It will be the first national election since the country embarked on a transition to democracy.
Amid Violence And Tension, Turkey Goes Back To The Polls Turkey is a key U.S. ally in the fight against ISIS.
Turkey To Return To Single-Party Rule After Sweeping Election Victory \This is a success exceeding our expectations,\ a party official said, acknowledging the scale of the victory was a surprise.
Turkey's Left Reels As Erdogan's AKP Makes Unexpected Election Comeback The vote comes less than five months after the president appeared to lose support in a June election.
Photos Capture Turkey's Crucial Election And Its Fallout A day of voting, protests and celebrations.
6 Infants Drown When Migrant Boat Capsizes Off Greek Island ATHENS, Nov 1 (Reuters) - Eleven migrants including six infants drowned when their boat capsized off the Greek island of
Bill Clinton Calls For Peace On 20th Anniversary Of Rabin's Assassination \u201cThe day he was killed was probably the worst day of my eight years as president.\u201d
Death Toll In Romanian Nightclub Fire Will Rise, Doctor Says So far, 29 people have died and at least 180 are injured.
Technical Inspector Says Crashed Russian Plane Was In Good Condition \It was a good plane. Everything checked out in 35 minutes.\
Turkish Security Forces Fire Tear Gas At Protesters In Diyarbakir DIYARBAKIR, Turkey, Nov 1 (Reuters) - Turkish security forces fired tear gas at protesters in the mainly Kurdish southeastern
Russian Plane Broke Up At High Altitude, Official Says The large area over which fragments were found indicates that the jet disintegrated while flying high, said the head of Russia's federal aviation agency.
Amid Greek Austerity, This Group Fights For People With Mental Illness They defend the rights of those who are often stigmatized and ignored.
Syrian, Russian Raids Kill At Least 64 In Aleppo Province BEIRUT, Oct 31 (Reuters) - At least 64 people, including 28 children, have been killed by Syrian army and Russian air raids
Netanyahu Retracts Claim That Palestinian Inspired Holocaust After more than a week of local and international condemnation, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel issued a statement
Rapidly Intensifying Cyclone Heading Toward Tumultuous Yemen GENEVA (AP) \u2014 The U.N. weather agency says a rare and rapidly intensifying cyclone is poised to hit Yemen in the coming days
Publisher And Two Secular Writers Hacked To Death In Bangladesh DHAKA, Bangladesh (AP) \u2014 A publisher of secular books was hacked to death and three other people were wounded in two separate
Romanian Nightclub Fire Leaves 27 Dead And 155 Injured A fire and explosion in a Bucharest nightclub killed 27 people and injured 155 during a rock concert that featured fireworks late on Friday.
Top Qatar Minister Grilled About Role In Syria On Qatari-Owned Network \They can liberate their country themselves.\
The Assassination that Killed Peace in Israel Yet the killing of Yitzhak Rabin, the Israeli Prime Minister, in 1995, by Yigal Amir, an Israeli extremist, bids to be one
Egyptian Authorities CAIRO, Oct 31 (Reuters) - Egypt has found and obtained both black boxes from a Russian passenger plane that crashed in the
Turks Head To Polls With Concerns Over Poverty And Inequality Turkish novelist and essayist Kaya Genc shares his thoughts on the socioeconomic challenges the country faces.
Officials Search For Cause Of Russian Plane Crash Over Egypt's Sinai \The plane split into two, a small part on the tail end that burned and a larger part that crashed into a rock. We have extracted at least 100 bodies and the rest are still inside.\
Lego Refuses To Send Its Toy Bricks To Ai Weiwei, Artist Says He calls it \an act of censorship and discrimination.\
Portugal's Democracy Cracks Under Weight Of Austerity The country\u2019s president reappointed a center-right government despite majority support for anti-austerity parties.
Woman And 2 Children Drown After Refugee Boat Hits Rocks Seven people are still missing.
Exit Polls Show Anti-Migrant Right-Wing Party Wins Poland Parliamentary Vote The socially conservative and Euroskeptic party wants to keep migrants out and spend more on Poland's own poor.
Russian Presence Near Undersea Cables Concerns U.S. WASHINGTON \u2014 Russian submarines and spy ships are aggressively operating near the vital undersea cables that carry almost
Palestinians Suspicious Of Al-Aqsa Surveillance Promoted By Kerry At least 53 Palestinians have been killed in attacks and during anti-Israeli protests in the West Bank and Gaza since Oct. 1. Nine Israelis have been stabbed or shot dead by Palestinians.
EU Leaders Scramble To Slow Refugee Influx European Union leaders will on Sunday consider sending hundreds of guards to its borders with the western Balkans, as well
Tony Blair \I can say that I apologize for the fact that the intelligence we received was wrong because, even though he had used chemical
Famous 'Napalm Girl' From Vietnam War Undergoes Treatment In U.S. \So many years I thought that I have no more scars, no more pain when I'm in heaven. But now \u2014 heaven on earth for me!\
Slovenia Warns Of EU Collapse Under Strain Of Refugee Crisis \If we don't find a solution today, if we don't do everything we can today, then it is the end of the European Union.\
Former Mayor Accused Of Ordering Attacks On 43 Students Breaks His Silence The former mayor's wife said Mexican authorities threatened to arrest her children if she didn't go along with their story.
Tony Blair \It's not clear to me that, even if our policy did not work, subsequent policies have worked better,\ he said.
Kerry JERUSALEM (AP) \u2014 Looking to reduce tensions at a Jerusalem holy site that set off weeks of Mideast violence, U.S. Secretary
Hurricane Patricia Weakens To A Tropical Storm U.S. State Department spokesman Mark Toner said tens of thousands of American citizens were believed to be vacationing or
Eurozone Crisis Portugal has entered dangerous political waters. For the first time since the creation of Europe\u2019s monetary union, a member
Turkish Fishermen Rescue Baby Syrian Refugee From Sea Miraculously, the child is in good health.
Putin's Press Russia may soon lose some of its last free media.
Refugees Stranded As Borders Close And Nations Crack Down \The children are also in the cold. No food.\
Violence Escalates In Jerusalem And West Bank Many fear a third intifada is on its way.
Arab Assailant Opens Fire On Bus Station, Kills Israeli Soldier JERUSALEM (AP) \u2014 An Arab attacker armed with a gun and a knife opened\u00a0fire in a southern Israel bus station on Sunday, police
Number Of Yemeni Children At Risk Of Starving To Death Triples Since March \We are facing the potential of a huge humanitarian catastrophe.\
Street Violence Continues In Jerusalem And West Bank Forty-one Palestinians and seven Israelis have died in the recent street violence.
Israelis, Palestinians Protest Causes Of Violence In Jerusalem Some 1,500 activists gathered to say the Israeli occupation must end.
Vietnam Has Been Praised As A Leader In LGBT Rights. Activists Beg To Differ \u201cMy father beat me, saying, 'I don\u2019t accept a homo in my house.'\u201d
Frustration And Alienation In East Jerusalem Spotlight Latest Tension JERUSALEM \u2014 East Jerusalem, long the emotional heart of Palestinian life, is now the fiery soul of its discontent.
Mexico Says Drug Boss Guzman Narrowly Evades Capture MEXICO CITY, Oct 16 (Reuters) - The world's most-wanted drug boss, Joaquin \El Chapo\ Guzman, narrowly evaded security forces
German Mayoral Candidate Stabbed In Anti-Refugee Attack BERLIN (AP) \u2014 A leading candidate to be mayor of Cologne was stabbed and seriously wounded Saturday by a man who claimed
Migrants Diverted To New Routes After Hungary Shuts Border Migrants streaming across the Balkans reached Slovenia on Saturday, diverted overnight by the closure of Hungary's border
Gay People In Myanmar Can't Live Openly. Here's Why Like several other former British colonies, the country retains a colonial-era law that criminalizes homosexuality.
Merkel Deputy Right now, approximately 10,000 people arrive every day.
Pro-Kurdish Party Claims 128 Dead In Peace Rally Bombing It said in a further statement on Sunday morning that 160 people were still being treated in hospitals.
Turkey Focuses Investigation Of Peace Rally Bombing On Islamic State By Orhan Coskun and Ece Toksabay ANKARA, Oct 11 (Reuters) - Turkey is focusing efforts on Islamic State in investigating
Shooting, Stabbings Cap Week Of Violence In West Bank A weeklong bout of violence shows no signs of slowing.
Russian Air Assault Hits Rebels, Helps Assad Regain Lost Ground \The Russians are using scorched earth policy,\ said one insurgent leader.
Mass Anti-Government Protest Held After Turkey's Worst Terror Attack Ever The nation is still reeling from twin bombings that killed at least 95 people on Saturday.
North Korea Says It's Ready For War With Massive Military Parade It may be the largest military parade the country has ever hosted.
'We Were Treated Like Animals' A local politician said this year that homosexuality is \a social disease that should be eradicated.\
ISIS Leader Survives Attack By Iraqi Air Force Eight other senior figures in ISIS were reported killed.
Iranian Court Issues Verdict For Washington Post Journalist But won't tell the public what it is.
Iran Tests First Missile Capable Of Hitting Israel, Defense Minister Says \There is no intention of aggression or threats in this action,\ said the republic's defense minister.
Mexico Releases Entire Public File On Missing 43 Students Case After a flood of criticism over its handling of the case, the attorney general's office posted the entire redacted investigation online.
What's Behind The Islamic State's Propaganda War Why the militant group pours so many resources into building its image.
Being LGBT In Southeast Asia LGBT groups in Southeast Asia are working double-time to bring about change.
Kenyan Schoolgirls Dread Their Periods. Simple Changes Could Help. Many girls in the developing world feel they are forced to skip school while they are menstruating. They don\u2019t have proper
North Korea Kim made no direct mention of the country's nuclear program, likely a conciliatory diplomatic gesture toward China, which
Why A Danish Zoo Wants To Publicly Dissect A Lion They say they euthanized the big cat in the first place because they had too many.
Suspected Boko Haram Suicide Blasts Kill Dozens In Chad N'DJAMENA, Oct 10 (Reuters) - Five suicide bombers killed 33 people in Chad and wounded 51 more in a coordinated attack suspected
ISIS Makes Gains in Syria Territory Bombed by Russia The Islamic State registered significant gains on Friday in the area of northwestern Syria that Russian warplanes have been
Ankara Bombings Kill 95, Injure Over 200 The blasts hit a peace rally by leftists and Kurdish activists.
Turkey Dragged A Kurdish Man Behind An Armored Vehicle. Then It Got Worse. The images reignite doubts about the government's fight against Kurds.
Doctors Without Borders Denies Hospital Was 'A Human Shield' For Taliban \In any case, bombing a fully functioning hospital can never be justified.\
Flash Floods In French Riviera Kill At Least 16 People By Matthias Galante CANNES, Oct 4 (Reuters) - Flash floods on the French Riviera killed 16 people and five others were reported
'Unspeakable' Doctors Without Borders/M\u00e9decins Sans Fronti\u00e8res (MSF) nurse Lajos Zoltan Jecs was in Kunduz trauma hospital when the facility
Russia Claims Air Strikes Hit 10 ISIS Targets In Syria The Russian defense ministry says it hit a terrorist training camp and a suicide belt factory.
Hundreds Feared Dead In Guatemala Landslide SANTA CATARINA PINULA, Guatemala, Oct 3 (Reuters) - Hopes faded of finding any remaining survivors of a massive landslide
Rescue Teams Search For Hundreds Feared Dead In Guatemala Landslide By Enrique Pretel and Sofia Menchu SANTA CATARINA PINULA, Guatemala Oct 4 (Reuters) - Despair in the search for hundreds
Fighting In Afghan City Leaves City 'Unlivable' And Residents Stranded \Some people are leaving their houses to get bread or find something to eat and they get attacked.\
Nurse Who Survived Afghan Hospital Bombing Recounts Terrifying Scene The U.N. human rights chief said the strike may be considered a war crime.
Greek Coast Guard Finds Body Of Refugee Baby The infant is believed to be between six months and a year old.
Doctors Without Borders Demands Investigation Of Afghan Hospital Airstrike KABUL, Oct 4 (Reuters) - Medical aid group Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) on Sunday demanded an independent international
Islamic State Blows Up Ancient Arch Of Triumph In Palmyra DAMASCUS, Oct 5 (Reuters) - Islamic State militants have blown up the Arch of Triumph, a major monument in the 2,000-year
Mexican Government Criticized For Alleged Widespread Use Of Torture The military and police have created a human rights crisis in Mexico, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights says.
Several Doctors Without Borders Staffers Killed In Possible U.S. Airstrike On Kunduz KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) \u2014 Nine local staffers for Doctors\u00a0Without\u00a0Borders were killed and 30 were missing after an explosion
At Least 19 Killed After Airstrike Hits Afghan Hospital KABUL, Oct 3 (Reuters) - An air strike, probably carried out by U.S.-led coalition forces, killed 19 staff and patients on
A Digital Survival Guide For The Modern Refugee A compendium of helpful apps for migrants on the move.
Lost At Sea And Texting For Help How a phone signal in the unlikeliest of places helped save the lives of migrants.
Saudi Arabia Protests Inclusion Of Gay Rights In UN Development Agenda Saudi Arabia is protesting any references to homosexuality in a sweeping new agenda for global development, saying it runs
Catalonian Secessionists Claim Victory In Parliamentary Election \There are two victories tonight, one for 'Yes' and another for democracy.\
Chinese President Pledges Support For Women's Rights At UN, But Jails Feminists At Home Along with leaders of dozens of countries, he says he supports the UN's plan for gender equality.
ISIS Foreign Recruit Numbers Have Doubled In The Last Year WASHINGTON \u2014 Nearly 30,000 foreign recruits have now poured into Syria, many to join the Islamic State, a doubling of volunteers
France Fires First Airstrikes On Islamic State In Syria PARIS (AP) \u2014 Six French jet fighters targeted and destroyed an Islamic State training camp in eastern Syria, President Francois
Iraq Will Share Intelligence On Islamic State With Russia, Iran, Syria BAGHDAD (AP) \u2014 Iraq's military said Sunday it will begin sharing \security and intelligence\ information with Syria, Russia
Thousands Protest In Mexico One Year After 43 Students Went Missing The students' relatives led a massive \march of national indignation\ through the capital.
U.S.-Trained Syria Rebels Hand Over Equipment To Al Qaeda Affiliate The latest sign of trouble for the American effort to train Syrian rebels.
Death Toll Rises To 769 In Hajj Stampede DUBAI, Sept 26 (Reuters) - The death toll in a crush at the annual hajj pilgrimage outside Mecca rose to 769, Saudi Arabia
Inside The Islamic State's Apocalyptic Beliefs An interview with expert Will McCants.
Xi Jinping's Visit To Seattle Will Shut Down Entire City Blocks It takes a very large village to host a visiting dignitary.
Tsipras' Syriza Party Wins Greek Election \In Europe today, Greece and the Greek people are synonymous with resistance and dignity.\
What You Need To Know About China's Strongman President President Xi Jinping is making a bid for personal power and national revival.
Greece Votes For Its Next Prime Minister (PHOTOS) Greek citizens of all persuasions turned out to vote in the country's second election of the year.
Cuba Arrests Dissidents Before Pope's Havana Mass \Unfortunately, this morning's actions by Cuba's state security apparatus are only a glimpse into the constant and ongoing repression by the Cuban regime.\
Yemen Houthis Free Two U.S. Citizens, One Briton WASHINGTON, Sept 20 (Reuters) - Two U.S. citizens held in Yemen have been freed and have arrived in Oman, the White House
The Diary Of Syria's Piano Man On His Escape To Europe An extraordinary odyssey, in his own words.
Greece Votes In Its Second Election Of 2015 Polls indicate a tight race going into the vote.
Nepal To Adopt Its First Full Democratic Charter It will be a historic step for a nation that has seen war, a palace massacre and devastating earthquakes since a campaign to create a modern state began more than 65 years ago.
Pope Francis Praises U.S.-Cuba Detente As Model For World HAVANA (AP) \u2014 Pope Francis hailed detente between the United States and Cuba as a model of reconciliation for the world, urging
Five-Year-Old Girl Found Dead After Refugee Boat Sinks Off Greek Coast \At that moment, we, all of us, thought that we are useless, we are not human.\
Inside The School Where Children With HIV Find Refuge From Discrimination In China \These children are smart and resilient, and some of them have thought up intricate plans for escaping the HIV stigma in China.\
Why North Korea's Latest Nuclear Threats Are Like Groundhog Day All Over Again An expert explains why we've been here before, and how to break the cycle.
Small Parties Claim Their Share In Upcoming Greek Elections Some of the country's lesser-known political players believe they've spotted their chance.
North Korea Revamps, Restarts Nuclear Bomb Fuel Production Plants Tuesday's announcement is expected to further worsen ties between Pyongyang and the outside world.
BOOK New Haven \u2014 BEFORE he fired the shot, the Einsatzgruppe commander lifted the Jewish child in the air and said, \u201cYou must
At Least 34 Refugees Drown Off Coast Of Greece 4 infants and 11 older children were among those killed when a smuggler's boat capsized.
Germany Announces Austria Border Checks To Limit Refugee Influx About 450,000 migrants have arrived in Germany this year.
Errant Civilian Airstrikes Turn Yemenis Against The U.S. Half the people killed in Yemen's conflict have been civilians, Amnesty International reports.
Haunting Life Jacket Images Illustrate Desperation In Refugee Crisis Some of the life jackets are just \pathetic pieces of plastic.\
An Egyptian Billionaire Explains His Plan To Buy An Island For Refugees First, get the consent of the government that owns the island. The rest is \very simple.\
Socialist Elected UK Opposition Labour Leader LONDON, Sept 12 (Reuters) - Karl Marx admirer Jeremy Corbyn was elected leader of Britain's opposition Labour party on Saturday
Inside Mexico's Very Own Wikileaks M\u00e9xicoleaks has uncovered a number of major scandals since its launch.
Protestors Flock To Streets In Europe To Show Support For Migrants BUDAPEST \u2014 With the threat of heightened border enforcement over the next few days, protestors flocked to streets throughout
Deadly Twin Explosions Rip Through Restaurant In Central India The restaurant was full of people having breakfast when the blasts occurred.
Egypt's Government Resigns Amid Corruption Probe CAIRO (AP) \u2014 Egypt's government resigned Saturday in the face of intense criticism from state-friendly media that reflects
What History Can Teach Us About The Worst Refugee Crisis Since WWII \European states were the architects of the modern refugee regime.\
EU Expected To Make Big Push To Welcome Refugees BERLIN/MUNICH, Sept 7 (Reuters) - Struggling to cope with a record influx of asylum seekers, Germany told its European partners
Qatar Sends 1,000 Ground Troops To Yemen Another nation puts boots on the ground in the battle against Houthi rebels.
Monitor The militant group already controls much of Syria's oil fields.
UK Drone Strike Killed British ISIS Fighters In Syria The government hasn't yet got parliamentary authorization for military action in Syria.
Dentist Who Killed Cecil The Lion Breaks His Silence MINNEAPOLIS (AP) \u2014 The Minnesota dentist whose killing of Cecil the lion sparked a global backlash emerged for an interview
Italy's Top Court Slams Amanda Knox's Murder Conviction The case against Knox was flawed and influenced by the media furore around the murder trial, the court said.
Pakistan Claims First Ever Use Of Homemade Armed Drone The U.S. drone program in the country is highly controversial among Pakistanis.
France Will Take In 24,000 Refugees France is ready to take in 24,000 refugees as part of European Union plans to welcome more than 100,000 in the next two years
U.S. Hunter Tied To Killing Of Cecil The Lion Headed Back To Work \If I had known this lion had a name and was important to the country or a study obviously I wouldn't have taken it.\
France To Step Up Role In Fight Against ISIS In Syria Paris will start reconnaissance flights over Syria from Tuesday.
Turkey Bombs Kurdish Rebels After Deadly Attack The fighting imperils three years of peace talks trying to end the deadly insurgency.
The Deadly Business Of Human Smuggling He's a car freak, his mother says. A tinkerer, a hobby mechanic. His wife and daughter saw him as a good husband and father
Mother Of Palestinian Toddler Killed In Arson Attack Dies Of Wounds The UN envoy to the Middle East urged Israel to bring the perpetrators to justice.
Canadian Election Candidate Resigns After Caught On Video Peeing In A Client's Cup Not the kind of splash he was looking for.
Hundreds Break Past Police At Hungary Border For Long March North They chanted \Germany! Germany!\ with their hands held in the air.
Thousands Of Migrants And Refugees Finally Make It To Germany Many had been stranded for days against their will in Hungary.
Austria And Germany Open Borders To Migrants Offloaded By Hungary HEGYESHALOM, Hungary/MUNICH, Sept 5 (Reuters) - Austria and Germany threw open their borders on Saturday to thousands of
Australia Will Take More Refugees, Wants Strong Security Response The nation has been heavily criticized for its immigration policy.
Tsipras Plays Down Fears Of A Fractured Greece After Election The vote is set for September 20.
Saudi-Led Jets Kill At Least 20 At A Wake in Yemen, Say Residents A deadly day in Yemen.
Experts Reject Mexican Government's Account Of Missing Students The 43 students were abducted in the city of Iguala last September.
Guatemala Votes In Elections Days After Scandal Ousts President The country is still reeling form a corruption case which jailed their former leader.
PKK Militants Claim Deadly Attack On Turkish Soldiers A ceasefire between the group and Turkey collapsed in July.
The European Migrant Crisis Is A Nightmare. Climate Change Will Make It Worse. Hundreds of thousands of migrants are seeking refuge in Europe, but millions more will be displaced as the climate warms.
More Than A Thousand Refugees Arrive In Austria After Being Pushed Out Of Hungary \We're happy. We'll go to Germany.\
Why China's Economic Woes Are Causing Alarm in Africa Will the crisis be a wake-up call for African governments to speed up reform?
Syrian Druze City Turns On Assad After Top Cleric Killed By Car Bomb Sweida has until now largely stayed out of the war.
At Least 6 Killed After Rally Car Loses Control In Spain Three children were among those injured.
U.S. Fears Russia Ramping Up Support For Assad Russia has sent a military advance team to Syria and is taking other steps the United States fears may signal that President
At Least 60 Foreign Troops Killed In Rebel Attack In Yemen It was the highest death toll for the coalition since the conflict began.
Thousands Of Refugees Arrive In Germany And Austria Jubilant scenes at the border as exhausted, relieved families finally reach their hoped-for destinations.
Britain Signals Move Towards Air Strikes In Syria By Nick Tattersall and William Schomberg ANKARA/LONDON, Sept 5 (Reuters) - Britain moved closer to military action in Syria
Japan Ends Evacuation Order For Town Hit By Fukushima Nuclear Disaster Residents will get personal dosimeters to check their own radiation levels.
Finland's Prime Minister Offers His Home To Refugees \We should all take a look in the mirror and ask how we can help.\
Egypt Sets Date For Parliamentary Elections They will be held in October.
Putin Pumps Iron In New Pictures Aimed To Prop Up Image The latest edition of Putin's manly photo shoots.
Former Malaysian Leader Joins Massive Anti-Government Protests Mahatir Mohamad is a deeply respected figure.
Tens Of Thousands Protests Outside Japan's Parliament The biggest protest in the country in years.
New Ebola Death Recorded In Sierra Leone, Officials Say The country had begun a 42-day countdown to being declared Ebola free.
Germany Wants Other European Nations To Take In More Refugees \Germany and a few other countries are by far ... those that receive the most refugees.\
ISIS Destroys Part Of Another Ancient Temple In Palmyra, Monitor Says The Temple of Bel has reportedly been severely damaged.
West Bank Protest Video Shows Scuffle Between Family And Israeli Soldier The video has been viewed more than 2 million times on Facebook.
Nigeria Says It Arrested 20 Suspected Boko Haram Chiefs The militant group has killed thousands and forced over a million to leave their homes.
Refugee Children Found In Critical Condition Inside Van In Austria A third of a million people have crossed the Mediterranean seeking refuge in Europe this year.
Thailand Arrests 'Foreign' Man Over Bangkok Shrine Bombing No one has claimed responsibility for the blast, which killed 20 people and wounded over 120.
Tens Of Thousands Protest Malaysia's Prime Minister After Corruption Scandal \Stop treating us like fools, Mr. prime minister.\
Suspected Smugglers Appear In Court After Refugee Truck Tragedy KECSKEMET, Hungary, Aug 29 (Reuters) - Three Bulgarians and an Afghan arrested in Hungary in connection with the deaths of
Thousands Join Largest Protest Yet In Lebanon's Garbage Revolt \You Stink\ activists have given the government 72 hours to respond to their demands.
Smugglers Who Drove Migrants To Their Deaths Were Part Of A Vast Network The smugglers responsible for driving 71 migrants to their deaths in the back of a cramped, unventilated truck in Austria
Turkey Joins U.S.-Led Coalition Airstrikes Against ISIS In Syria After months of hesitance, Turkey had agreed to take a more active role in the fight against the extremist group.
Dozens Of Young Women Killed In Crash Before Swaziland Royal Ceremony Thousands of women descend on the royal residence for the festival each year.
Why The Debate Over Europe's Migration Crisis Is Full Of Myths An interview with migration expert Hein de Haas.
Lebanon's PM Threatens To Resign As Protesters Rally In Beirut A garbage collection crisis is gripping the capital.
Italian Navy Rescues 4,400 Migrants From Nearly Two Dozen Boats Europe is struggling to cope with a record influx of refugees.
Britain Reopens Its Embassy In Iran It has been closed since protesters stormed the compound in 2011.
UK Airshow Crash Death Toll Likely To Rise To 11 LONDON (AP) \u2014 British police say the death toll from an airshow crash is \highly likely\ to increase to 11 people after a
ISIS Destroys Temple In Syria's Historic Palmyra, Activists Say The militant group is in control of the ancient city.
Al Qaeda Militants Seize Part Of Yemen's Main Port City Of Aden The war in Yemen has led to dangerous instability.
Yanis Varoufakis Brands Alexis Tsipras The 'New De Gaulle' As Election Gets Ugly The fiery former finance minister criticizes the prime minister.
Nepal Opens Everest To Climbers For First Time Since Avalanche An avalanche in April killed 19 mountaineers.
Dramatic Video Shows Aftermath Of French Train Rescue One of the Americans who subdued a shooter on a high-speed train to Paris managed to capture video of the aftermath\u00a0of the
South Korea Accuses North Korea Of Readying Troops Despite Talks After decades of animosity and bloodshed finding common ground is much harder.
Explosion Hits Warehouse At U.S. Military Base In Japan No reports of injuries, Japanese fire officials say.
South Korea Preps For Action Against North's Provocations While the two nations have technically been at war since 1953, tension has sharply increased of late.
Heroic Americans Thwart Train Attack In Europe Three Americans and a British man tackled the gunman on the train from Amsterdam to Paris.
Deadly Typhoon Batters Philippines Over 5,000 people fled the oncoming typhoon.
Thousands Massed At Macedonia Border Storm Police Blockade Macedonia closed its border with Greece after thousands fleeing war and severe poverty gathered there.
Deadly Car Bomb In Afghanistan Targets NATO Convoy The attack wounded over 60 people in the capital.
Explosion Hits Chemical Plant In East China The explosion comes days after two huge blasts in Tianjin killed at least 121 people.
Plane Crashes At U.K. Airshow, 7 Killed The crash was caught on camera by spectators.
North, South Korea Hold High-Level Talks To Defuse Fears Of War Pyongyang threatened Seoul with military action if they continue propaganda broadcasts over the border.
Ex-Israeli Defense Chief In recordings broadcast on TV, ex-defense minister says IDF chief Ashkenazi, and later ministers Ya\u2019alon and Steinitz, doomed
Israel Came Close to Attacking Iran, Ex-Defense Minister Says JERUSALEM \u2014 A former Israeli defense minister, Ehud Barak, revealed new details to his biographers about how close Israel
Ex-Defense Minister The Israeli premier pressed for military operations at least three times in recent years, according to Ehud Barak.
Thousands Of Lebanese Protestors Met With Tear Gas And Gunfire In Beirut BEIRUT (AP) \u2014 Police firing tear gas, rubber bullets and water cannons battled thousands of Lebanese protesters Saturday
What A Solution To Europe's Migration Crisis Could Look Like The region has struggled to cope with the men, women and children desperately seeking to enter.
Report In connection with the fall of Mosul to ISIS.
Indonesian Airplane Crashed With 54 On Board, Official Says The aircraft lost contact in the remote region of Papua.
Ecuador Declares Emergency After Volcano Erupts Near Capital Eruptions beginning on Friday have shot ash miles into the sky.
Syrian Government Airstrike On Market Kills At Least 80, Activists Say \This is a documented massacre.\
Chinese Rescuers Work To Clear Tianjin Blast Site Before Rain Falls Rain could create further toxic gas.
Migrants On The Greek Island Of Kos Hole Up In Derelict Hotel Nearly a quarter of a million migrants have cross the Mediterranean to Europe this year.
Germany's Merkel To Face Down Party Rebels In Greek Bailout Vote \The government is in a real quandary.\
Former Burundi Military Chief Shot Dead In Capital Almost 100 people have been killed unrest over the president's third term.
Japan's Emperor Offers 'Deep Remorse' On WWII Anniversary Saturday marks 70 years Japan's surrender in World War II.
Italy Finds Dozens Of Migrants Dead In Hold During Ship Rescue At least 2,100 people have died this year trying to cross the Mediterranean Sea.
China Blast Zone Evacuated Over Contamination Fears The chemical explosion left over 100 people dead.
Palestinian Shot Dead After Stabbing Israeli Trooper Palestinian President Abbas condemned the shooting as a \grave escalation.\
Egyptian Heatwave Death Toll Nears 100 Temperatures hit 114 degrees Fahrenheit this week.
The Fight To Document The ISIS Massacre Of The Yazidis A year after the rampage, the difficult road to justice.
Nearly One Million Affected By Flooding In Myanmar A devastating disaster.
Iraq's Prime Minister Unveils Plan To Trim Criticized Government A bold new plan.
Greece Hopes To Conclude Bailout Talks This Week August 11! A long time coming.
IDF Soldiers Kill Palestinian Who Stabbed Israeli Violence has simmered in the West Bank and East Jerusalem.
Kurdish Militants Attack Police In Turkey Violence flares in Turkey.
Israel Cracks Down On Jewish Extremists New arrests in Israel.
Japan's Prime Minister Marks Nagasaki Anniversary With Pledge Against Nuclear Weapons Japan marks the 70th anniversary of the bombing.
Greece Bailout Draft Boosts Hopes For Deal Within Days Greece is under the gun to secure new funds, with a deadline fast approaching.
An Oceanographer Explains How Plane Debris Could Solve The Mystery Of MH370 \The answers are out there. We just need to ask the right questions.\
Kurdish Militants Target Turkish Military In Suicide Attack Tensions flare in Turkey.
Israel Approves Jailing Jewish Militants Without Trial The move comes after a deadly arson attack killed a Palestinian toddler.
Key Ally Of Burundi's President Assassinated By Gunmen The former security of chief was shot in his car.
Malaysia Seeks Help In Finding More Possible MH370 Debris Debris found earlier on Reunion Island is being tested.
Girl Wounded In Jerusalem Gay Pride Attack Dies Shira Banki was among six people wounded by an ultra-Orthodox Jewish man.
Zimbabwe Alleges Second American Involved In Illegal Lion Hunt An international outcry over Cecil the lion's death still rages.
Canada Launches Its Election Campaign, Sets October Vote It will be one of the longest in the nation's history.
French Riot Police Use Chemicals To Disperse Migrants Near Calais COQUELLES, France (AP) \u2014 French riot police have sprayed migrants with a chemical irritant as they tried to storm the Channel
Mullah Omar's Family Doesn't Back New Taliban Leader Former leader Omar's death was announced last week.
New Taliban Chief Calls For Unity Amid Leadership Struggle The son of ex-leader Mullah Omar accused him of a power grab.
Bin Laden Family Members Killed In Jet Crash In England There were no survivors after a jet carrying family members of the late al Qaeda leader crashed in England.
Palestinian Teen Killed Amid Protests Against Arson Attack Tensions are boiling after a sleeping toddler was burned to death in the West Bank.
What Becomes Of The Taliban After Mullah Omar's Death? An expert describes challenges for the militants' new leader.
Syrian Kurds Accuse Turkey Of Attacks, Ask U.S. For Explanation The Kurdish militia regularly coordinates with U.S.-led forces bombing the Islamic State.
Looting Turns Deadly In Venezuela Amid Severe Food Shortages \The farther you get from the capital, the worse the economic situation is.\
Yemen's Exiled Prime Minister Returns To War-Torn Aden But fighting still rages just outside the city.
Puerto Rico To Default After Missing Payment Unable to pay $72 billion in debt, the U.S. territory is on thin ice as citizens' needs collide with empty coffers.
Suspected MH370 Debris Arrives In France For Investigation Experts hope to finally find clues to the flight that vanished in March 2014.
Iraq's Kurds Ask PKK Rebels To Withdraw The Iraqi Kurdish leader also condemned Turkey for bombing civilians.
Small Plane Crashes Into Tokyo Neighborhood TOKYO (AP) \u2014 A small plane crashed into a quiet neighborhood in Tokyo on Sunday, killing the pilot, a passenger and a woman
Car Bomb Kills Turkish Soldiers In Mainly Kurdish Province ANKARA, Turkey (AP) \u2014 A car bomb struck a military vehicle in southeast Turkey, killing two soldiers and wounding four others
Somalia's Al-Shabab Drive Car Full Of Explosives Into Hotel MOGADISHU, July 26 (Reuters) - The Somali militant Islamist group al Shabaab attacked a Mogadishu hotel on Sunday, driving
Man Tries To Set A Fire Aboard Plane In China BEIJING (AP) \u2014 A man attempted to set a fire on board a Chinese flight early Sunday, but was restrained by passengers and
Paris Police Open Fire On Car That Tries To Crash Through Tour De France Barricades Police are hunting for the people in the car.
Turkish Jets Hit Kurdish Militant Camps Again, Security Sources Say DIYARBAKIR/ANKARA, Turkey July 26 (Reuters) - Turkey attacked Kurdish insurgent camps in Iraq for a second night on Sunday
Syria's Assad Gives First Public Address In A Year BEIRUT (AP) \u2014 In his first public address in a year, embattled Syrian President Bashar Assad vowed Sunday to win his country's
This European Nation Used To Jail People For Listening To The Beatles An expert reflects on Albania's tragic recent history and how the country has changed.
Turkish Air Force Strikes Kurds In Iraq, Islamic State In Syria ANKARA, Turkey (AP) \u2014 Turkey's sudden willingness to join the fight against the Islamic State group is a sign that it's afraid
Kenya's President Calls Gay Rights A Nonissue During Obama Visit NAIROBI, Kenya (AP) \u2014 5:20 p.m. Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta says gay rights are a \nonissue\ in Kenya and that the issue
Tunisia Overwhelmingly Passes New Anti-Terror Law Some rights groups warn it could lead to abuse.
Greek Bailout Talks Delayed Once Again, Official Says They may now start Tuesday.
Kurds Demonstrate In Paris Against Turkey's Airstrikes And ISIS PARIS (AP) \u2014 More than 1,000 Kurds and leftist Turks have marched in Paris to protest airstrikes by Turkey on Kurdish militant
Hezbollah Leader Says Iran Will Keep Up Support After Nuke Deal \The United States is the Great Satan before and after the deal.\
Under Islamic State, Children Trained To Behead At An Early Age Boys have been turned into killers and suicide bombers.
Battles Rage For Yemen's Aden, Dozens Of Civilians Dead SANAA, Yemen (AP) \u2015 Shiite rebels and their allies randomly shelled an area north of Aden on Sunday, killing at least 45
Merkel Rules Out Greek Debt Write-Off, But Open To Other Relief BERLIN (AP) \u2015 Chancellor Angela Merkel on Sunday suggested that Germany would show flexibility in negotiating how Greece
Taiwan Presidential Election Between 2 Women For First Time In History TAIPEI, Taiwan (AP) \u2014 Taiwan\u2019s top two political parties have each nominated a woman for president in 2016, a historic first
China Deports 20 Foreign Tourists For Watching 'Extremist' Videos BEIJING (AP) \u2015 China has deported 20 foreigners from Britain, South Africa and India for watching video clips that advocated
Netanyahu JERUSALEM (AP) \u2015 Israel\u2019s leader says an \u201caggressive and confrontational speech\u201d by Iran\u2019s supreme leader shows that any
Explosions Target Cars Of Gaza Officials GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip (AP) -- At least four explosions rocked Gaza City early Sunday, targeting cars belonging to officials
Beijing Police Arrest Couple Who Filmed Uniqlo Sex Tape They've received a severe dressing down.
Iran's Khamenei TEHRAN, Iran (AP) -- Iran's top leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said a historic nuclear deal with world powers reached this
Greece Orders Banks To Re-Open Monday ATHENS, July 18 (Reuters) - The Greek government ordered banks to open on Monday, three weeks after they were shut down to
Saudi Arabia Says Thwarts ISIS Attacks, Hundreds Arrested RIYADH, Saudi Arabia (AP) \u2014 Saudi Arabia announced Saturday it has broken up planned Islamic State attacks in the kingdom
Ex-Dictator To Face 100 Victims In Court In A Trial Making African History DAKAR, Senegal (AP) -- The bodies came daily. Sometimes 10, sometimes 20 lives lost to torture, malnutrition or sickness
Mystery As Five Czech Tourists Disappear In Lebanese Wine Country Five Czechs and their Lebanese driver are missing in Lebanon, a spokeswoman for the Czech foreign ministry said on Saturday
ISIS Used Chemical Weapons In Syria The militants allegedly attacked Kurdish forces and civilians with poison gas.
British Tabloid Publishes Video Of Queen's Nazi Salute, Buckingham Palace Is Not Amused Buckingham Palace expressed its disappointment Saturday with a tabloid newspaper for publishing images of a young Queen Elizabeth II performing a Nazi salute with her family in 1933, the year Adolf Hitler came to power.
Photographer Captures Bewitching Images Of Mongolian Child Jockeys Racing Across The Steppes Purevsurengiin Togtokhsuren is just 13 years old, but he's already a seasoned jockey. This year marked his fifth time competing
Italy Arrests Smugglers From Boat Where Diabetic Girl Died ROME (AP) \u2014 Police in Sicily have arrested three Egyptians who allegedly were in charge of a smuggling boat on which a 10
Remembering Victims Of Flight MH17 With Ukrainian Sunflowers A year after a Malaysia Airlines passenger jet was shot down over eastern Ukraine, killing all aboard, a Dutch town is remembering
Photos Capture Devastating Refugee Crisis On Greek Islands Every night,\u00a0some 1,000 refugees\u00a0arrive\u00a0at the Greek island of Lesbos, many cramped on rubber dingys carrying 35 to 45 people
Banks To Reopen After Greece Agrees To Steep Austerity Cuts ATHENS, Greece (AP) \u2014 Greece on Thursday won vital pledges of support from bailout lenders needed to keep its economy from
German Parliament Approves Plan For New Greek Bailout ATHENS, Greece (AP) \u2014 The bailout of Greece cleared some further key hurdles Friday after German lawmakers overwhelmingly
The Myth Of The Ethical Shopper We're still trying to eliminate sweatshops and child labor by buying right. But that's now how the world works in 2015.
Greek Protesters Clash With Police As Parliament Debates Austerity Bill ATHENS, July 15 (Reuters) - Protesters threw petrol bombs at Greek police outside parliament in Athens on Wednesday as lawmakers
Greece PM Must Shred His Own Election Promises And Sell Austerity Greece Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras will chair an executive meeting of his Syriza party early Tuesday before lawmakers begin a two-day debate on the bailout deal that will heap more tax hikes and spending cuts on a country already suffering through six years of recession.
Iran Nuclear Deal Announcement Expected Tuesday Morning VIENNA (AP) \u2014 A landmark Iran nuclear agreement was taking shape early Tuesday after clearing final obstacles, and a senior
Man Dies After Being Gored By Bull During Spanish Festival MADRID (AP) \u2014 Spanish officials say a French citizen has died after being gored by a bull during a festival in a small town
Mexico\u2019s Epidemic Of Missing And Murdered Women The woman\u2019s body appeared in the middle of March. She had been left next to a sewage canal in Mexicali, a Mexican city that
Euro Zone Agrees To Move Forward With Bailout Loan For Greece By Paul Taylor and Renee Maltezou BRUSSELS/ATHENS, July 13 (Reuters) - Euro zone leaders made Greece surrender much of its
Police Free 18 People Who Were Trapped Inside French Store During Attempted Robbery VILLENEUVE-LA-GARENNE, France (AP) \u2014 A group of gunmen broke into a discount clothing store near Paris on Monday, trapping
Iraq Launches Operation To Retake Anbar Province From ISIS BAGHDAD (AP) \u2014 The Iraqi government began a long-awaited, large-scale military operation on Monday to dislodge Islamic State
Iran Nuclear Deal Announcement Expected Monday VIENNA (AP) \u2014 Negotiators at the Iran nuclear talks plan to announce Monday that they've reached a historic deal capping
Angela Merkel Facing Criticism Over Handling of Greek Crisis BERLIN\u2014Europe\u2019s standoff with Greece has thrown German Chancellor Angela Merkel into one of the deepest domestic political
Suicide Car Bombing Near U.S. Base In Afghanistan Kills 17 Civilians KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) \u2014 A suicide car bombing near a U.S. military base in eastern Afghanistan that once hosted CIA employees
Serbian Prime Minister Attacked At Srebrenica Commemoration SREBRENICA, Bosnia-Herzegovina (AP) \u2014 Anger boiled over Saturday at a massive commemoration of the slaughter of Bosnia Muslims
Monday Deadline Looms For Iran Nuclear Talks VIENNA (AP) \u2014 Negotiations over Iran's nuclear program blew past the two-week mark in Vienna on Saturday ahead of a new deadline
Greek Financial Crisis Hits Poorest And Hungriest The Hardest ATHENS \u2014 Behind the lace curtains of a soup kitchen run by a parish in the humble Athens neighborhood of Kerameikos, the
Greece Lawmakers Approve Bailout Proposal Parliament agrees that while more austerity is bad, leaving the euro would be even worse.
UN By Mohammed Mukhashaf and Mohammed Ghobari ADEN, July 10 (Reuters) - Yemen's main warring factions endorsed a U.N.-brokered
Deadly Stampede In Bangladesh Kills 23 At least 22 people were killed in a stampede in central Bangladesh early Friday when hundreds of people stormed the home of a businessman for a charity handout during the holy Muslim month of Ramadan.
China Evacuates Tens Of Thousands Ahead Of Super-Typhoon Chinese authorities have evacuated tens of thousands of people as a super-typhoon with wind gusts up to 125 mph heads toward the southeastern coast.
Ghost Students, Ghost Teachers, Ghost Schools The United States trumpets education as one of its shining successes of the war in Afghanistan. But a BuzzFeed News investigation reveals U.S. claims were often outright lies, as the government peddled numbers it knew to be false and touted schools that have never seen a single student.
