14 Ways To Make Family Road Trips Easier, From Parents Who've Been There Having waterproof covers on the seats is kind of brilliant.
14 Trips To Take From New York City On A Long Weekend Charming towns, relaxing beaches and top hiking destinations await.
Disney Reveals Opening Seasons For 'Star Wars' Theme Park Lands Star Wars
Lonely Planet's Top European Destinations Of 2018 Take Aim At Overtourism These underrated travel destinations in Europe won't be full of tourists.
8 Majestic Islands In Europe That Most Tourists Don\u2019t Know About (Yet) If you\u2019re dreaming about a romantic European getaway that doesn\u2019t involve a gazillion tourists, then consider these beautiful isles.
Your Emotional Support Spider And Goat Are Now Banned On American Airlines The airline released a list of prohibited animals after seeing a 40 percent rise in onboard companions.
How To Plan A Family Vacation According To Travel Experts If you're overwhelmed, start here.
These Rainbow Mountains In Peru Look Like They\u2019re Straight Out Of A Dr. Seuss Book Sometimes we can\u2019t help but wonder if Mother Nature specifically designed some places just for Instagram.
7 Places Prince Harry And Meghan Markle Might Honeymoon Where oh where will the royal newlyweds go?
United Bans Many Popular Dog And Cat Breeds From Cargo Holds After Pet Deaths The airline unveiled new restrictions in its pet transportation policy.
Roller Coaster Riders Suspended 100 Feet In The Air, Facing Down, After Malfunction An \abnormality\ halted the coaster at the worst possible time.
Rogue Cat Rescued After Hiding Out In New York Airport For Over A Week Pepper is safe and sound!
5 Of The Germiest Places In Hotel Rooms Yikes.
The World's Best Food Cities, According To TripAdvisor Will travel for food \ud83c\udf5c
Los Angeles vs. San Francisco For the most part, Los Angelenos don\u2019t know what it means to walk anywhere, ever. +1
Passengers On Deadly Southwest Flight Receive $5,000 Checks \We ... hope you will allow us another opportunity to restore your confidence,\ a letter from the airline said.
What The Southwest Flight Can Teach Us About Oxygen Masks A former flight attendant called out passengers for wearing their masks incorrectly.
Here\u2019s Exactly When To Book An International Flight (Based On New Data From More Than A Million Airfares) Don\u2019t worry, we\u2019ll still be over here clicking refresh for all the domestic trips we\u2019ve got coming up.
These Gorgeous Secret Lagoons Exist For Only Three Months A Year Len\u00e7\u00f3is might give off Saharan vibes, but the park is not technically a desert.
I\u2019m A Travel Blogger, And This Little-Known Island Is Truly Heaven On Earth Here\u2019s my guide to the magical getaway.
What Flight Attendants Really Wish You'd Do On Your Next Flight Take. off. your. headphones.
The 5 Best (And Most Affordable) Places To Travel In April If you\u2019re smart about where you place that pin on the map, you can even trade some rainy days for sunshine.
18 Magnificent Caves You Can Actually Sleep In Getaways worth caving for.
7 Italian Towns (That Aren\u2019t Rome Or Florence) You Have To Visit When there\u2019s nary a single nook or cranny of the entire country that\u2019s not absolutely stunning, we figured it would be worth it to venture beyond our familiar Italian horizons (yep, even beyond Cinque Terre and Positano).
Planes Might Not Be Disgusting Germ Factories After All Surely you can't be serious.
12 Multipurpose Travel Essentials You Need For Your Next Adventure Pack with purpose.
25 Hilarious Comics About Life As A Flight Attendant Flight attendant Kelly Kincaid loves drawing her experiences in the air and on the ground.
The Most Popular Destinations In The World, According To TripAdvisor And where to stay in these spots when you visit.
Personal Information Of 880,000 Orbitz Customers Likely Breached The company says payment information may have been accessed.
The Most Popular U.S. Destinations Of 2018, According To TripAdvisor Get inspired for your next getaway.
United Airlines Temporarily Suspends Cargo Travel For Pets The decision follows multiple pet-related mishaps, including the death of a puppy.
13 Of The Best Men's Duffel Bags For Your Weekend Travels Durable weekend duffel bags that'll get you there.
12 Travel Sites That Accept PayPal Forget plugging in all of your credit card details
15 Popular Travel Destinations You Should Avoid In The Summer And when to go instead.
24 Pets Died Flying With U.S. Carriers Last Year. 18 Were On United. Department of Transportation data show that 18 pets died last year in United's cargo program.
United Airlines Mistakenly Flies Family's Dog To Japan Instead Of Kansas City The mix-up came just a day after a puppy died aboard a United flight.
Dog Dies On United Flight After Passenger Forced To Put Carrier In Overhead Bin The airlines says it takes \full responsibility for this tragedy.\
14 Gorgeous And Inexpensive Places To Go For Spring Break Last-minute spring break ideas that won't break the bank.
25 Unique Travel Accessories For Your Next Trip Pack light, go far.
9 Of The Best Women's Hanging Toiletry Bags A weight has been lifted.
12 Things Flight Attendants Always Have With Them When They Fly From lip balm to a bullet journal to a selfie stick.
Space Mountain With The Lights On Is A Freaky Experience See Disney's most famous coaster in a whole new light.
Disney's 'Star Wars' Land Takes Shape In New Video -- And It's Huge Aerial footage shows the massive scale of construction at Disneyland.
The 5 Best (And Most Affordable) Places To Travel in March 1. Miami, Florida
Take A Virtual Disney Vacation With Stunning New Google Street View Maps Visit Disneyland and Disney World on the same day without leaving home.
15 Stunning Caribbean Vacation Rentals With Infinity Pools *Cue wanderlust*
First-Class Passenger Tries To Open Emergency Door Mid-Flight, Shouts 'I Am God!' \u201cShe wasn\u2019t acting right, or normal, from the very beginning.\
10 Practical Carry-On Bags That Attach To Your Suitcase Look for carry-on bags with \trolley sleeves\ or \pass-through pockets.\
*Swoon* We\u2019re calling our broker ASAP.
Expert Reveals The Odd Trick That Can Help You Stay Calm During A Turbulent Flight Even for the most experienced fliers, turbulence can be unsettling. Though the pockets of air are \u201cuncomfortable, but not
Why There Are Tiny Holes At The Bottom Of Windows On Planes If you\u2019ve ever been on a plane, chances are, you\u2019ve probably looked out your window, only to notice a tiny hole at the bottom
These Are The Most Expensive Travel Days Of The Year We all love a good travel deal, so avoid these two days. There are two days of the year that are the absolute most expensive
You Can Fly Around The World For Less Than $1,200 See four cities across four continents in 16 days \u2708\ufe0f
10 Most Popular Travel Experiences In The World If you\u2019re looking for some wanderlust inspiration for your next getaway, look no further. TripAdvisor\u00a0just released its list
Wild Brawls Turn Carnival Ship Into 'Cruise From Hell' Twenty-three passengers were removed for \disruptive and violent acts.\u201d
11 Reasons Why You Should Visit Mexico City Immediately \u00a1V\u00e1monos!
A Disney Vacation Just Got Way More Expensive Admission alone for a family of four will now top $500 on peak days.
Eurostar To Start Offering Direct Trips Between London And Amsterdam One-way fares along this route will start around $48.
6 Breathtaking Destinations With No Cell Service For Your Next Vacation 1. Hacienda AltaGracia (P\u00e9rez Zeled\u00f3n, Costa Rica)
Lonely Planet's Top U.S. Destination Of 2018 Is An Underrated Treasure Pack your bags!
5 Places To Travel In 2018 That Are Still Under Everyone\u2019s Radar If tourists, crowds and lines make you anxious, why not take the road less traveled?
7 Surprising Things That Are Banned From Disney Parks (And 3 That Are Totally Fine) Even the happiest place on earth has rules.
The 10 Best Hotels In The US In 2018, Revealed BRB, booking a trip to San Antonio immediately \u2708\ufe0f
Yelp Users Are Dragging Trump Hotels By Leaving \u2018S**thole\u2019 Reviews \u201cPerhaps the Trump brand could take some lessons from Norway, where they have the BEST hotels.\
Why People Like To Stay In Places Where Celebrities Have Died Inside the world of dark tourism.
8 Lesser-Known U.S. Natural Treasures To Visit In 2018 Trump is undermining the Interior Department, so check these out while you can.
Finnish Chain Builds 'Game Of Thrones'-Themed Hotel Fit For Wildlings It's the closest thing to sleeping north of the Wall.
Bouncing Around Colorado Springs In The Dead Of Winter Mention Colorado Springs and you probably think of Pikes Peak, the highest mountain in the southern Front Range of the Rockies
The One Thing You\u2019re Forgetting In Your Carry-On While you can\u2019t bring that liter of SmartWater through TSA, you absolutely can bring the empty bottle to refill at a water fountain once you\u2019re past security.
2017 Was Safest Year On Record For Air Travel Fatalities on commercial jetliners have been falling for the past two decades.
Air Travelers Stuck In Long Lines After U.S. Customs Computers Go Down A similar computer outage occurred a year ago.
Hawaiian Airlines Flight Takes Off In 2018, Lands In 2017 What a difference a year makes.
A Little Adventure And A Lot Of Grapefruit In The Valley Of The Sun For more advanced hikes, two options really stood out. The first, right across from the Desert Botanical Garden, is one of
Watch These Flight Attendants Stun Travelers With Beautiful Christmas Tunes So impressive!
More Than 300 Passengers Get Nasty Stomach Bug On Royal Caribbean Cruise This is the second time in less than one month that hundreds of cruise passengers have fallen ill on one of Royal Caribbean\u2019s ships.
The Best (Cheap) Places To Go In Europe This Winter BARCELONA, SPAIN Get your credit cards ready. We eyed round-trip flights from NYC to Barcelona for under $400 throughout
This Hotel Is Fully Booked As Soon As You Check In Introvert\u2019s paradise or the setting of a confusing Darren Aronofsky horror movie (starring\u2014we want to say\u2014Evan Rachel Wood)? You decide.
Aha! We Found The Exact Time To Book Cheaper Holiday Flights It looks like the early bird doesn\u2019t always get window seat, after all.
6 Enchanting Ice Rinks Around The World 2. Amsterdam, Netherlands Travelers visiting the Dutch capital should not miss the unique ice skating rink on Amsterdam\u2019s
American Airlines \u2018Expects To Avoid\u2019 Holiday Disruptions After Scheduling Glitch (UPDATE) A computer error allowed too many pilots to take vacation.
Gordon Ramsay Is Improving Airport Eats Around The World Soon there may be no reason to complain about airport dining ever again.
7 Ultimate Hiking Destinations 7. Appalachian Trail - Ellijay, USA This trek is one of the longest hiking-only footpaths in the world, taking you through
Here's Where The Rockefeller Center Tree Comes From The origin of both the tradition and 2017's tree.
The Top 7 Destinations For A Family Vacation 4. Salento, Colombia Traditionally a coffee town, Salento is fast becoming one of South America\u2019s top tourism destinations
The 8 Prettiest And Most Photogenic Spots In The Pacific Northwest 1. Prospect, Oregon
7 Under-The-Radar U.S. Spots To Turn Your Hobby Into A Vacation 4. History in Appomattox, Virginia For history buffs, a trip to Appomattox, Virginia is a must. It is best known as the location
Introverts, Listen Up The first completely private cabins will premiere on select Emirates flights from Dubai to Brussels and Geneva as early as December.
Where To Find The Best Travel Deals On Black Friday And Cyber Monday Just remember to read the fine print before you book \u2708\ufe0f
4 Places A Savvy Travel Blogger Wants To Go In 2018 (Before Everyone Hears About Them) 1. Oaxaca City, Mexico
One Of Europe\u2019s Least Visited Countries Also Happens To Have The Biggest Wine Cellar Maybe bring your walking sneaks.
On A Hike Through Utah's 'Mighty Five,' The Rocks Are Surreal But The Anvils Are Imaginary Dodging giant ants in Bryce Canyon Bryce Canyon National Park was a 2 \u00bd hour drive from our Vacasa rental in St. George, through
7 Reasons Why Japan Is Amazing For Solo Female Travelers When choosing a suitable destination to travel to as a solo female, Japan may not be the first place that springs to mind
The One Thing You Can Do Ahead Of Time To Avoid A Canceled Flight The trick
The No. 1 Country To Visit In 2018 If You\u2019re On A Budget Estonia and more specifically, the capital city of Tallinn.
This Magical Pumpkin Village In Dallas Is Made From 90,000 Gourds Decorative gourd season is upon us.
Ready Or Not, Rockefeller Center's Christmas Tree Has Arrived The 75-foot Norway spruce from Pennsylvania is the 86th Christmas tree to grace the New York City plaza.
How Travel Stopped Me Worrying About The Unknown With unexpected curve-balls, come unexpected opportunities.
6 Spots Around The World Your Kids Would Love 5. Efteling Hotel \u2015 Kaatsheuvel, Netherlands If you don\u2019t believe in fairy tales, Efteling Hotel in Kaatscheuvel might just
7 Of The World's Best Shopping Destinations 1. Galeries Lafayette, Paris The iconic Galeries Lafayette was founded in 1912 and has been considered a must-experience
Paris Is Installing Sparkling Water Fountains Across The City Oui, oui and more oui.
Wheeling Around Tucson, Where Things Aren't Always What They Seem In Arizona's Sonoran desert, things aren't always what they seem. Like those pigs scurrying around the Arizona-Sonora Desert
TripAdvisor Apologizes For Removing Rape Claim From Mexican Resort's Reviews The popular site has been accused of deleting posts that could keep travelers safe.
8 Luxurious Spas Around The World To Melt Your Worries Away 6. Japan, Hakone Hakone is one of Japan\u2019s most popular hot springs resorts with more than a dozen springs providing hot water
8 High-Tech Hotels For The Savvy Traveler 6. Loews Hotel 1000 \u2015 Seattle, U.S. At Loews Hotel 1000 in Seattle, guests won\u2019t be disturbed by housekeeping \u2015 every room
JetBlue Is Offering $49 Flights In An Awesome, 2-Day Flash Sale So many tropical destinations!
5 Secret Weapons We Use To Score Cheap Plane Tickets When you're booking a trip with a foreign carrier, try booking your ticket in the local currency instead of U.S. dollars.
How To Truly Become A Digital Nomad I\u2019m not going to lie \u2014 I regret going to college. Don\u2019t get me wrong, I learned a lot of stuff, sure. But that was years
7 Lessons I've Learnt Traveling Solo As A Hijabi Instead of being a hindrance, my hijab has led to many wonderful conversations about faith, religion and humanity.
These Amazing Boat Hotels Will Convince You To Spend Your Next Vacation On Water Amsterdam, the Netherlands Houseboat Ms 3 Gebroeders\u00a0is the place to stay if you want to experience life on a houseboat in
8 London Spots Every Harry Potter Fan Has To See It might just convince you to book that ticket.
What Happened When I Went On A Staycation With No Electricity And Wifi Not having wifi had affected me much less than I imagined. If anything, I felt liberated by the fact that I didn't have to look at my phone so often \u2014 because there was nothing to check.
New Airport Security Rules Could Mean 'Short Interviews' With Passengers The new system applies to all U.S.-bound flights.
These Are The 10 Coolest Neighborhoods In America Right Now Block party, anyone?
Odessa, Texas, Boasts Resources Often Associated With Larger Cities Our population becomes more culturally diverse every day.
This Is Not A Spell If only we could apparate ourselves to London.
This Woman Is \u2018Chinning\u2019 Her Way Around The World And Into Our Hearts Fighting beauty standards one photo at a time.
Happy Trails (And A Pumpkin Or Two) Off Arizona's Beaten Path Sedona really rocks The Grand Canyon may get all the attention in Arizona, but Sedona's rocks deserve at least a brief mention
The Pilgrim And The Patient My wife and I began the pilgrimage in Le Puy, walking a week or so each year for nine years, always picking up where we last
6 Incredible Spots For Stargazing 4. Lake Tekapo, New Zealand Mt John Observatory ticks all the boxes \u2015 it\u2019s located in the world\u2019s largest dark sky reserve
This Adorable Dog Has A Very Important Hospitality Job With no disrespect to the other fine people working at the Hyatt, this labrador definitely wins the prize for \u201cMost Adorable Employee.\u201d
Waiting For The End In Alaska You can also ride the nearby Nenana River rapids with a tour operator like the Denali Outdoor Center, which is an exhilarating
The 7 Most Haunted Places In The U.S. We Kinda Want To Visit 1. The Stanley Hotel
8 Destinations To Enjoy The Glory Of Fall Foliage Around The World Mont-Tremblant, Canada Many travelers around Canada choose Mont-Tremblant to enjoy the changing autumn leaves. A ride in
Our Residents Are Proud To Call Casper, Wyoming Home We treasure our freedom and embrace the wide-open spaces that surround us.
7 Reasons Why Locals Love Casper, Wyoming There\u2019s something happening year-round.
6 Scottish Highlands Vacations To Take If You Can\u2019t Get Enough \u2018Outlander\u2019 Best of all, you can visit without transporting through a magical rock, ye ken?
Cheap Weekend Getaways Where You Can See Peak Foliage In Action Autumn is in the air \ud83c\udf41\ud83c\udf43\ud83c\udf42
3 Haunted Haunts Only The Bravest Travelers Should Visit HuffPost Brand Forum is a paid program that allows companies to connect directly in their own words with HuffPost readers
This New 'Airline For Millennials' Is Offering $46 Flights The company will start long-haul flights next spring, launching its first trips to Brazil and Seychelles in May 2018 (though you can book them now).
How Millennials Are Shaking Up American Work Culture From Their Parents\u2019 Basements Nearly one-third of U.S. millennials are still living under their parents\u2019 roofs (and that\u2019s a fact, not a snide remark), but
These 6 Cities Make The Perfect Alternative Getaways Hoi An, Vietnam Vietnam\u2019s capital Hanoi is famous for its busy street life, French feel and colonial buildings and serves
How To Save $500 On Thanksgiving Travel Think of it as the very first step anytime you travel
Woman Turns Her Missed Flight Into An Airport Staff Dance Party She recruited gate agents to dance to \All Night Long.\ \ud83d\udd7a \ud83d\udd7a \ud83d\udd7a
16 Tips That Will Help You Make The Most Of Your Vacation It\u2019s no surprise that the first 24 hours of a vacation can make or break a trip. Research* from Booking.com reveals that
These Are The 10 Most Popular Destinations For First Time Travelers #6 - Venice, Italy Venice is the perfect destination for a romantic getaway or a place to soak up some of the rich art and
Alaska Road Trip Offers A Rare Look At The Last Frontier If you really want to see Alaska, you need wheels. Most visitors come to the Last Frontier on a cruise ship or a plane. A
3 Perfect Fall Getaways You Haven't Thought Of Full of Football Sundays, magnificent colors, spooky adventures and cozy sweaters, autumn can be refreshing after a long
Feds Won't Punish United For Dragging Doctor Off Flight David Dao was injured when he was forcibly removed to make room for airline employees.
These Are The Top 25 Destinations To Indulge In Global Delicacies With three quarters of global travelers saying that they\u2019d likely travel somewhere renowned for its great food and drink
The 10 Busiest American Cities To Avoid This Labor Day Weekend If you can!
4 Steps To Make Your Digital Nomad Dreams A Reality We used to clock in at 9am on the dot and head for home by 5pm, but the way we work is changing. Now, you\u2019d be hard-pressed
Wanderlust Isn't A Medicine I wandered through most of the world\u2019s continents, looking for answers, peace and happiness and finding none.
Why Going Abroad Isn\u2019t Always Rainbows And Butterflies Where I\u2019m from, there are a number of people who aspire to boot out of the country to go and make a living someplace else
Last-Minute Labor Day Weekend Trips That Won\u2019t Break The Bank Group trip, anyone?
3 Ways You Don\u2019t Know You\u2019re Hurting A Culture When You Travel Thinking about how you can be responsible when you travel can make a world of difference (quite literally).
How To Survive A Road Trip With Your Kids About halfway through a 3,755-mile road trip from Orlando to Seattle, I had a little reality check. It happened a few minutes
Olympic Thrills, And A Few Chills, On A Summer Puget Sound Adventure Washington State's Puget Sound area is famous for its moderate climate and postcard-perfect views of the Olympic mountain
Asian Millennials Are Traveling Solo For Their Own Adventures By AsiaToday reporter Jisu Kim Asian millennial travelers armed with digital tools are changing the travel trends with \personalized
The Best Cities For Remote Workers, Based On Cost, Community And Overall Livability According to a 2015 poll, Colorado actually had the highest percentage of full-time telecommuters in the entire United States
Here's Why Solo Female Travel Is Still A Big Deal The women that our little girls look up to and aspire to be shouldn\u2019t be the impossibly perfect airbrushed beauties that
Someone Give Bill Clinton His Own Travel Show, ASAP This is pure local tour guide magic.
Discovering The Secrets Of Oregon's Coast With The Kids Oregon's cool and mysterious coast isn't a what-you-see-is-what-you-get kind of place. Only repeated visits allow you to
Traveling For The Joy Of It \u201cTravel is at its most rewarding when it ceases to be about your reaching a destination and becomes indistinguishable from
These Travel Insurance Apps Could Save Your Summer Vacation If I've heard Linda Limberger's question once, I've heard it a hundred times. \I'm wondering if you could recommend trip
Eclipse 2017 Cashiers, North Carolina, population 3,500, could be overrun with 30,000 to 100,000 starry-eyed tourists.
5 Ways To Catch The Solar Eclipse If You Haven't Made Plans Yet It's not too late!
Airline Rep's Note To A Passenger With Cancer Will Make You Tear Up An aggravating luggage delay turned into the sweetest moment.
8 Ways To Make The Most Of An Airport Layover From a 5-hour direct flight to a 24-hour itinerary including lengthy layovers, the journey to the destination can range from
The 12 Most Breathtaking And Secluded Places On Earth \u201cOut of office\u201d away message
The Ultimate Guide For Planning Your Next Road Trip Road tripping is not a mission to take lightly. No matter the destination of your summer trip (because you are taking one
Why You Should Spend Your Money On Experiences, Not Material Things You may not have a lot of money, or you may have a trust fund, but either way, we all know everyone desires the expensive
What I've Learned As A Female Solo Backpacker When I set out to backpack through the U.K. for three weeks on my own. I got a lot of responses, that ranged from \u201cthat\u2019s
7 Secret Budget Destinations In Europe To Visit ASAP Time to set you flight alerts.
Fogo Island Reporting by Lloyd I. Sederer, MD Some time ago, dear and generous friends invited my wife and me for a 3-day weekend trip
Indian Airline Launches Program To Protect Its Solo Female Fliers The program ensures no solo female passengers are given middle seats, and even assists with safe transport.
We Travel Because We Are\u00a0Privileged My Journey Anyone who\u2019s delved into the comments under online travel articles will have seen the author being called privileged
Why Don't We Ever Talk About The Dark Side Of Traveling? Acknowledging the fact that traveling can be a very challenging lifestyle doesn\u2019t make us forget how privileged we are.
How To Choose The Best Cruise For You There are a lot of options. Here's how to narrow it down.
This Genius Travel Hack Will Put Your Mind At Ease On Vacation It'll take two seconds.
The Real Reason Silicon Valley Is The World's Most Elusive Tourist Attraction Silicon Valley draws me to it like a powerful magnet, with its Mediterranean climate, irresistible culture of innovation
Get These Last-Minute Summer Travel Deals Before They're Gone Spontaneous travel doesn't have to come at a steep price.
Get Out Of My Store! What To Do When You're Denied Service When Arlene Morzinsky tried to check in for her recent JetBlue Airways flight to New Orleans, the airline told her that her
4 Ways To Prevent Overeating While On Vacation Did you overeat on vacation? Worried that you\u2019ll weight gain during upcoming travel? If your waistband is tighter than usual
Why You Should Go On A Holiday For The Holidays Ok, you\u2019re convinced, now what? So you need a little help getting started on holiday planning? No problem! Here are a few
Ann Coulter Is Enraged With Delta For Allegedly Giving Away Her Seat The right-wing pundit, who often complains about victim mentality, plays the victim.
United Airlines Misplaces Rapper Schoolboy Q's French Bulldog Pup The artist says his doggy was put on the wrong flight.
An Open Letter To Those Who Work In The Travel Industry When you simply fulfill the standard expectations of your job, you are a piece of a puzzle that makes exciting moments happen for others.
The 5 Best Boardwalks In The U.S. While the attractions and bathing suit styles may have changed over the years, the laid-back summer vibes have not.
Flight Attendant Spotted Pouring Champagne Back Into A Bottle No, no, no, no, no. No.
Countries With The Highest Life Expectancy In The World Hint
The 5 Top U.S. National Parks, In Photos The U.S. national parks, scattered throughout the U.S. and its territories, truly have it all.
Tourist Killed At Caribbean Airport After Blast From Jet Engine Knocks Her To Ground The tragedy occurred outside Princess Juliana International Airport in St. Martin, police said.
Everything It Will Take To Get Faster Wi-Fi On Planes Yes, it will get better.
How To Find The Perfect Rental Car For Your Next Vacation When it comes to rental cars, I\u2019m picky. I like mine newish, but not brand new, roomy but not oversized, and stylish without
The 'Zero Stress' Way To A Happy Life Overseas By Jessica Ramesch, InternationalLiving.com \u201cAre you serious? Grrr!\u201d This was my typical response when first faced with the
5 Trips Every Bookworm Should Take Is it nerdy? Kinda.
A Truly Greek Tragedy Today, CBS National News phoned me as a resident Greece expert to comment on another senseless, apparently alcohol-induced
First-Class Passenger Accused Of Assaulting Delta Flight Attendant A witness said travelers were forced to break two bottles of wine over the man's head.
WATCH It's not every day your country turns 241.
In Monterey, The Action's On The Water -- If You Can Get There For days, the Humpback whales had been taunting us from the bay as if they knew what we wanted. Every now and then they'd
As You Enjoy Your Vacation, Think About Taking A Sabbatical \u201cI need a sabbatical\u201d I wailed to my coach a few months ago, my lofty 2017 goals and extensive \u201cto do\u201d list lined up in my
Disney To Remove 'Wench Auction' From Pirates Of The Caribbean Ride \The Redhead\ will now be one of the pirates.
Laptop Travel Restrictions, Your Security, And Your Cybersecurity Overreaction risks fulfilling the terrorist\u2019s mission of increasing public fear, confusion, and inconvenience.
Justin Trudeau Shows Us What Manspreading Is On Cover Of Delta's Magazine We're not even mad.
Bon Anniversaire, Here In NYC As my husband waited to be measured, we were presented with suiting options and linings to peruse. They were busier than
How Landmarks Around The World Got All Dressed Up For Pride It's lit. \ud83c\udf08 \ud83c\udf08 \ud83c\udf08 \ud83c\udf08 \ud83c\udf08 \ud83c\udf08
6 Tips For The Perfect Family Trip 5. Pack Less. My favorite travel writer, Rick Steves, https://www.ricksteves.com says there are travelers who pack light
5 Things You Must Do Before You File Your Travel Insurance Claim Peter Kuhmerker was set for the vacation of a lifetime -- a nine-day Ireland tour from Dublin to Killarney booked through
Turbulence Injures At Least 26 On China Eastern Flight Four people are in serious condition, according to Chinese media reports.
Skiing In Summer? Only At This California Resort Don\u2019t look now, but there\u2019s a guy next to me at the bottom of the chairlift. He\u2019s snowboarding in a swimsuit. And nothing
Dining In London Whenever Jackie and I are planning a trip to London (which is as often as possible), we check to see what\u2019s playing at the
9 Reasons You Should Go Abroad At Some Point In Your Life Moving abroad \u2013 the most terrifying and exhilarating step that a person can take to completely turn their life upside down
Cuba's First 5-Star Luxury Hotel Opens Despite Uncertainty Over Trump The country is racing to build high-end properties despite concerns.
Are People Scared To Travel To Europe And Britain? It is no secret there have been a series of targeted attacks on certain areas of Europe & Britain in recent years. There
I Took An Adult Gap Year, I've Never Been Happier Throughout my entire Adult Gap Year, I traveled with a carry-on sized bag, and a tote bag. I never once got anything out
Totoro The Mystical Creature Is Getting Its Own Theme Park In Japan Like Hayao Miyazaki's classic film, the park will focus on nature. It won't include rides.
JetBlue Could Soon Let You Scan Your Face To Board Planes The airline is testing the high-tech boarding passes this month.
Twilight Of The Lunatic Express April 28, 2017 marked the last-ever journey of the Lunatic Express, 116 years after it was built under the British Empire\u2019s
How Technology Helps Us Navigate The Airport I've written previously about a number of fascinating innovations in the airport sector, whether it's robotic baggage handlers
Explore America\u2019s Stunning Marine Sanctuaries Without Getting Wet Don't dive? No problem. A new virtual reality gallery offers 360-degree views of some of America's best underwater treasures.
Trump's Policies May Cost The U.S. $1.3 Billion, And That's Just In Travel Experts say his moves could cost lots of jobs.
Black Travel Dollars Matter The travel industry spends very little marketing to the Black community.
Pippa Middleton Is Honeymooning On Barack Obama's Island Of Choice These bungalows are fit for the famous.
Going Somewhere? 7 Tips For Every New Flyer It\u2019s that time of the year again. As a new set of students graduate and enter the real world, traveling tends to be unavoidable
Pregnant Serena Williams Is Definitely Living Her Best Life Take us with you!
Dubai Unveils Plans For Marsa Al Arab, A $1.7 Billion Island Resort Not gonna lie, this place looks magical.
Why Banning Laptops From Airplane Cabins Doesn't Make Sense By Cassandra Burke Robertson, Case Western Reserve University and Irina D. Manta, Hofstra University Recent reports suggest
Delta Wants To Replace Human Check-In Agents With Facial Recognition Kiosks Get ready for your close-up.
Travel Bloggers And The Pitfalls Of Privilege This post was originally published on The Sophisticated Life Travel & Lifestyle Blog I recently attended the TBEX North America
Fight Or Flight? Grounding Planes Due To Onboard Violence. Resisting Air Rage Becoming The New Normal Onboard aggressiveness may be tied to class distinction, group dynamics, and destination. Today may be a good time to fly
Why You Should Explore Alone (Even When Traveling With Other People) Over the last few years, I\u2019ve travelled to various different countries, mostly with other people. It is definitely fun to
One Of America's Most Historic Small Towns Is Getting A Redesign For Architectural Digest, by Sara Tardiff. Founded in 1733, Savannah, Georgia, was the country\u2019s first planned city. With
The Last Of Manhattan's Gilded Age Mansions Is On The Market For $50 Million For Architectural Digest, by Melissa Minton. In 1873, Mark Twain and Charles Dudley Warner dubbed their era the Gilded Age
Best New Hotels In The U.S. And Canada 4. EAST, Miami, FL Proof that Miami has more to offer than beaches and buzzy clubs \u2014 the city\u2019s biggest opening last year
The Best Rooftop Bars In The U.S. For Cond\u00e9 Nast Traveler, by Paul Rubio. 2. The Ides Bar at Wythe Hotel, Brooklyn, New York Manhattan is packed with amazing
The Best Rooftop Bars In The World From the 118th floor of a Hong Kong skyscraper to old Quito\u2019s best-kept secret, these cocktail bars \u2014 and their spectacular
Best New Hotels In The World 4. Anantara Al Jabal Al Akhdar Resort, Nizwa, Oman If you can tack on a few extra days to your Persian Gulf business trip
U.S. Cities To Watch In 2017 For Cond\u00e9 Nast Traveler, by CNT Editors. 2. Milwaukee Long overshadowed by its Midwest neighbors Chicago (92 miles), Minneapolis
6 Of The Best-Designed Marijuana Shops Across America The Apothecarium (San Francisco, California) Located two miles southwest of San Francisco's financial district, the Apothecarium
Emirates Airlines Cuts Flights Due To Trump's Travel Bans Turns out some travelers don't feel like visiting anymore.
The Best Beaches In Africa These standouts span from the Ivory Coast to the Seychelles, and all the way down to South Africa.
A Guide For First-Time Solo Travelers Don\u2019t wait on anyone else \u2015 just book the trip.
9 Gorgeous Fields Of Flowers Worth Traveling To See It\u2019s not just the gorgeous lavender fields in shades of amethyst, indigo, and white that make Yorkshire Lavender a huge draw
California's Rare 'Super Bloom' Flowers Are Migrating North For Architectural Digest, by Nick Mafi. Perhaps nothing announces spring better than a valley of blooming wild flowers. And
The World's Most Dangerous Path Is Reopening To Hikers Caminito del Rey is said to provide stunning views of the gorge \u2014 there\u2019s a special glass platform for a look down below \u2014 in exchange for braving the path.
Dubai Will Have Drone Taxis By The Summer For Architectural Digest, by Nick Mafi. Dubai is a city that loves superlatives
9 Of The Most Spectacular Hotel Residences On The Planet Whether you fancy an exotic vacation villa or an urban pied-\u00e0-terre, there\u2019s something to please everyone in these move-in-ready aeries around the world.
Couple Headed To Their Wedding Says They Were Kicked Off A United Flight They sat in unassigned seats and got the boot.
Breaking News Ugh, the tax deadline is upon us. (Hey, at least it got extended to April 18 this year.) But to help soften the blow, JetBlue
United Airlines Is Just One Miscreant In The Age Of Frustration You, the customer, are nothing, an impediment, a nuisance, an awkwardness, a de minimis statistic, a grain of sand on the beach of corporate wealth.
Shame On You, Tourists Your Instagram animal selfie isn\u2019t worth a lifetime of misery for the animals you claim to love.
United Won't Use Police To Remove Overbooked Passengers, Says CEO \u201cWe can\u2019t do that.\u201d
United Passenger Launches Legal Action Over Forced Removal The incident on a United Airlines flight on Sunday caused a furor around the world.
The Surprising Reason The FCC Chairman Doesn't Want In-Flight Phone Calls We're with him.
New United Video Shows Moments Before Officers Dragged Doctor From Plane \He just wanted to go home,\ a passenger who took the new video said.
Owe Taxes this Year? You Could Win A Free JetBlue Flight Because not everyone gets a refund.
Michelle Obama Is Giving Us Major Vacation Envy In French Polynesia This looks like the best vacation ever.
Pilots Sound Off On United's Massive Mistake \u201cSomeone would have given up their seat for the right price.\u201d
United Airlines CEO Somehow Won A Major PR Award Last Month Since then, the airline has stumbled through not one, but two, public relations disasters.
United CEO Blames 'Belligerent' Customer For Flight Melee CEO Oscar Munoz says airline agents were \left with no choice\ but to call security.
Middle Eastern Airlines Respond To United Incident With Tone-Deaf Tweets Too soon?
United CEO Apologizes For Flight Fiasco, Promises To 'Fix What's Broken' \u201cNo one should ever be mistreated this way,\ CEO Oscar Munoz said.
International Travel It had been nagging at us
People Are Comparing United Airlines To 'Fight Club' On Twitter \Looking forward to my United flight later this week. Will bring a lawyer, just in case.\
How Climate Change Could Make Flying A Whole Lot Worse Get ready for a rough ride.
The Room I Carry With Me How I became a minimalist, from accidental to intentional.
How Living In Mexico For A Year Inspired Me For the average American moving to Mexico sounds like a bad idea. I don\u2019t personally watch the news, but according to every
How To Prepare For Crazy Travel Delays With a week of stormy weather again hitting the east coast of the United States and backing up airline operations nationwide
These Besties Put A Hilarious Spin On The #FollowMeTo Instagram Trend This is what goes on behind the scenes.
Travelling On A Gap Year To 'Find Yourself?' You Won't. There\u2019s a belief that travel is the door through which we find ourselves. So \u201cgap year\u201d students, Molly, Polly and Lolly
The Case For Taking A Gap Year High school students across the US are just months away from graduation \u2014\u00a0it\u2019s an exciting time filled with pranks, games
International Travel The borders and rulers of Italy have always been fluid, at least until the twentieth century, and there are parts of the
Live Like A Local In Prague, Czech Republic When it comes to gyms in Prague, there\u2019s a broad spectrum to choose from. Some are pretty basic, some are fancy af. Spa and
Manchester Last year, while reeling from a breakup, I decided to travel solo to Iceland in mid-January. The prospect of 24-hour midnight
5 Things You Should Know About Port Vila For the geographically challenged among you - Port Vila is the Capital of Vanuatu, if you still don\u2019t know where that is
There's 'No F**king Way' Gordon Ramsay Will Eat Airplane Food \I know where this food\u2019s been and where it goes.\
The Immorality Of Trump's New Travel Ban By Reverend Rachel Kessler During the 2016 election cycle, Candidate Donald Trump spoke with dystopian fervor about restoring
Obama Is Holed Up Writing His Book On The South Pacific Island Of Tetiaroa Marlon Brando used to own it.
Delta Comes For United Airlines With Sick 'Leggings' Burn On Twitter \Don't need sunglasses today, since Delta just threw alllllll the shade.\
The Best Far-Flung Hotels Worth The Trip For Cond\u00e9 Nast Traveler, by CNT Editors. These Gold List hotels may require a longer drive or a connecting flight (or two
The Friendliest Towns In America BAR HARBOR, MAINE Yes, this New England seaside town (home to Acadia National Park) attracts thousands of visitors during
Travel Is The New 'Me Time' In today\u2019s fast life filled with commitments, we all need a break. A break which rejuvenates us and let us take some time
Stunning Photos Show Off Cherry Blossoms Around The World This warrants a last-minute trip.
'Super Blooms' Transform California Deserts Into Colorful Wonderland This looks pretty magical.
American Airlines Is Bringing Back The Perk You Once Hated Oh, air travel.
Exploding Headphones On Flight Burn Woman's Face \I continued to feel burning.\
Here's What To Pack For A Ski Trip A checklist what to pack, from A to apr\u00e8s-ski.
Traveling Terrifies Me, But Regret Scares Me Even More For anyone that thinks I love every aspect of traveling
The Best Dive Bars To Spend St. Patrick's Day If you\u2019re not close to one of these, then go explore the dives in your city!
Hawaii-Bound Flight Diverted Because Man Was Upset Over A Blanket The flight was reportedly chilly, and so was the mood on the plane.
Airbus' Driving/Flying Pod Concept Has Us Dreaming Traffic Is Over Meet your dream car. It's also your dream flying machine.
Stop Everything You can sail to Belle's hometown! \ud83d\ude0d
So THAT'S Why Airplanes Still Have Ashtrays \u2708\ufe0f + \ud83d\udeac = \ud83d\udea8\ud83d\udea8\ud83d\udea8
Airport Pat-Downs Are Now 'More Intimate Than Ever Before' The TSA is about to get acquainted. \ud83d\ude33
I Love Traveling Solo, Even Though I'm Married Just because you get married doesn\u2019t mean you should give up the things that you\u2019re most passionate about.
Spectacular 'Super Bloom' Is Just Days Away In This California Desert It's about to transform into a sea of purple, yellow and white.
Here's What Hawaiian Airlines Is Doing To Help Fight Climate Change Just \plane\ smart.
Spirit Is Offering 99 Percent Off Flights Today And The Deals Are Unreal This may just be the sale of the century, if you can stand to fly Spirit.
Trump's Travel Ban Cost The U.S. At Least $185 Million, Report Says And that's just business travel.
'Goodbye, Racist!' \This is not Trump's America!\
These Under-The-Radar Travel Destinations Will Be Huge This Year Look beyond the crowded Thailand or the Philippines for an amazing vacation with stunning beaches, swimming in clear turquoise
20 Incredible Facts About The Philippines 1. The entire landmass of the Philippines is made up islands, making it the second-largest archipelago in the world. In fact
Delta Air Lines Is Bringing Back Free Meals Finally, a perk returns to air travel.
This Austrian Cafe Charges Extra For People To Charge Their Phones Pay up, people!
Disney Sets Opening Date For New 'Guardians Of The Galaxy' Ride The attraction was formerly the Tower of Terror.
Wow Air Is Offering $69 Flights To Europe From San Francisco, Miami And Boston THIS IS NOT A DRILL.
Google Maps Just Got An Awesome New Update You'll Want To Use Travelers are going to love this one.
Japan Has A Clever Solution To Overcome The Language Barrier Illustrations FTW!
Disney Reveals When You Can Finally Visit The New 'Star Wars' And 'Avatar' Lands The force will awaken at Disneyland and Disney World in 2019.
Nevis, Alexander Hamilton's Home Island, Should Be Your Next Vacation It's got sun, sand and stories of a founding father.
The Complete Guide To Enjoy Valentine\u2019s Day For Single Solo Travelers While everyone will be going out for romantic dinners, your romantic lunch will be the bomb. Think about the most positive
Time To Move To A New Country? Why Canada Might Be Exactly What You Need While for many of us the country we live in is a default, or our parents decided for us, moving to a new country might be
Petition Seeks To Silence Trump's Figure in Disney's Hall of Presidents Keep Disney World family friendly, the petition urges.
Research Shows That Certain Types Of Travel Are Essential To Being Creative According to Transformational Learning Theory, in order for people to have their paradigm shattered and expanded, they need
Go Tell It on the Mountain, Part 2 - Argentina and Chile 
Stunning Photos From National Geographic Traveller's Contest Are Awe-Inspiring Our wanderlust is at an all time high.
American Airlines Is Ditching Seat-Back TVs On Its Newest Planes Is it the end of an era?
The Top Beaches In The World, According To National Geographic Doesn't get any better than this. \u2600\ufe0f
The Obamas Head Straight To Palm Springs For A Post-White House Vacation Sun, sleep and not a Trump in sight. \ud83d\udc4d
This Artist's Dazzling Travel Journals Will Inspire Your Next Trip Wanderlust activated. \ud83d\ude0d
This Airline Is Selling $0 Tickets To Dubai, Cape Town And Seychelles The \Treasure Hunt\ lasts only an hour, so GET ON IT NOW!
JetBlue Is Offering $39 Flights In A 2-Day Flash Sale These are some of the best deals we've seen in a while. \ud83d\udd25
7 Reasons Why Travel Is Never 'Wasted' On Young Kids Travel helps young kids in trying new things and saying \u2018yes\u2019 to new experiences.
Random Sunsets Around the World - Part 7, Asia - Sinking Low on the Looney Front 
Spring Skiing in Southern Vermont 
The 12 Types Of Trips You Should Take In Your Lifetime Better than your average beach vacation, and cheaper too.
Random Sunsets Around the World - Part 6, Northern Europe - Sinking Low on the Looney Front 
And You Thought Your Commute Was Difficult? Check Out The Odyssey! 
Take A Peek Inside Disney's Magical 'Avatar' Attraction Coming This Summer It's like stepping into a fairytale.
Blizzard Warnings As Winter Storm Forecast Over Central U.S. \Holiday travel will likely be poor across much of the northern-tier states.\
Tobago, Island of a Myriad Glorious Bays 
Saints and Virgins of the Caribbean 
15 Tweets That Describe The Hilarious Hell Of Holiday Travel Flying is ho-ho-horrible.
Don't Give In To Terror. Keep Traveling And Exploring. I had lunch yesterday with a former colleague who said he\u2019d been thinking of taking a trip to see a Christmas market in Germany
Here Are The Travel Destinations Everyone Was Searching For In 2016 This list will make you want to catch the next flight out!
4 Mottos Every Traveler Should Live By I'm into my fourth month traveling and wow, it's been a wild ride. I started my solo trip feeling nervous, anxious, and a
The Best Airline Food Right Now According To An Expert Who\u2019s Tasted It All For Vogue, by BROOKE BOBB. Finding good food on a domestic flight is just about as rare as a traveler arriving to the airport
Live Like A Local In Phnom Penh, Cambodia With two months of traveling through Southeast Asia under our belts, we were starting to feel like quite the experienced
Photographer Captures Lapland's Northern Lights In Magical Photos The greatest light show on Earth. \ud83d\ude4c
Tobago, Nirvana for Naturalists 
Dear Neophyte Traveler, I'm Watching You 
Tips On How To Plan The Perfect Budget Travel Vacation Traveling to a new place can be a lot of fun, but it can also be very dangerous! There are a lot of things that can go wrong
How Do I Travel So Much? I am often asked questions such as \u201cDo you ever work?\u201d or \u201cHow do you afford to travel so much?\u201d If it looks like I don\u2019t
Best Snow Tubing Spots Near NYC 
Chiapas 
4 Neighborhoods Travelers Are Discovering In Droves Meet your next vacation location.
WestJet Surprises Wildfire Victims With The Ultimate Christmas 'Miracle We've got chills. \ud83d\udc95
8 Travel Tips Made Easy For The Holidays Whether you\u2019re heading out of town on a skiing trip, a warm island or a relative\u2019s house, traveling as a family can be one
13 Tips To Plan The Trip Of Your Dreams If you decide to embark on a trip it is because you want to discover something more from this amazing world. And let's face
How About Visiting A Place Where You Can Never Set Foot In? 
Trinidad's La Brea Pitch Lake, The World's Largest 
This Clever Suitcase Is Basically A Closet On Wheels No shirt left behind.
Bet You Didn't Know This Was Banned On A Plane If you\u2019re not entirely sure whether you\u2019re allowed to pack your favorite can of hairspray, your teenager\u2019s hoverboard, or
Your Ultimate Hawaiian Honeymoon Guide For BRIDES, by Michele Bigley. Maui\u2026 For the Wellness-Obsessed Want to start each morning with an oceanfront yoga class? Learn
The Best New Private-Island Resorts In The World 3. Thanda Island, East Africa About 18 miles off the Tanzanian coast, it\u2019s a sanctuary with one five-suite villa\u2014and the
The 5 Best Hotels In Florida For Cond\u00e9 Nast Traveler, by CNT Editors. Cond\u00e9 Nast Traveler readers voted in this year's Readers' Choice Awards and let
The 5 Best Ski Resorts In Europe 3. Val d'Is\u00e8re, France What's cool:\u00a0Though some bemoan this mega resort for being crowded, pricey, and even a bit gauche
Need To Clear Your Head? Try One Of These Perfect-For-Winter National Park Getaways If you're like most Americans right now, you could probably use a little quiet time. Unplug, take a few deep breaths. (No
San Francisco Airport Goes Whole Hog For LiLou The Therapy Pig Besides looking cute, she can play a toy piano and stand on her back hooves.
Airlines Bend the Truth About Compensation. Is Anyone Surprised? Is your airline telling you everything? After a government operation that netted four airlines, the unsurprising answer is
The Magnificent Rain Forests of Trinidad's Northern Mountains 
It's Snowing In Hawaii Right Now, And We Can't Wait To Visit These islands really do have it all.
Why Travel Fees Should Be Regulated By The Government The Forbid Airlines from Imposing Ridiculous (FAIR) Fees Act introduced recently is a subversive new law that raises more
Journey To You \u2013 An Entrepreneurial Approach To Travel My favorite travel involves hiking, fishing and making personal connections. But I always prefer travel with unique immersive
What Was Life Like In Castro's Cuba? \Fidel fears many things, and when you fear so much, you cannot love at the same time.\
Universal Studios Reveals More About Mysterious New 'Nintendo Worlds' (UPDATED) It's like Harry Potter World, but with Mario.
Airline 'Codesharing' Is Evil And Must Be Destroyed. Here's What's In It For You. Although Shelley Jones' complaint is common, I've never heard it from someone like her. Her problem
Why It's Time To Ban Emotional Support Animals From A Plane Is it time to ground emotional-support animals for good? Many airline passengers say so. Maureen Van Dorn, flying from Tucson
Margarita Island, self-anointed Pearl of the Caribbean 
People Are Shunning Black Friday So They Can #OptOutside Instead REI wants everyone to take a walk on the wild side.
Want to Become a Travel 'Hacker'? Read This First. Philip Pragados thought he'd discovered a perfect travel hack
Simple Tips to Maintain Health While Traveling 
True Northern Italian Cuisine on NYC's Upper West Side 
Who Really Controls The Window Shade On Your Flight? It's Not A Trick Question. Failure to fall in line will result in raised eyebrows -- or worse.
Hold The Gravy! These Are The Foods Not Allowed In Carry-On Luggage Here's the TSA's top travel tips just in time for the holidays.
Chicago O'Hare Airport Workers Vote To Strike, Just In Time For Thanksgiving It's the busiest travel week of the year.
Airlines Offer \Low\ Fares -- So Why Do You Still Feel Ripped Off? If the words \price transparency\ don't make your eyes glaze over, then you're probably one of the hundreds of thousands
Follow These Steps To Improve Your Travel Experience The aftermath of the Emirates Airlines Flight 521 crash in Dubai on Aug. 3 was one of this summer's most shocking visuals
Tanzania's Geodesic Dome Suites Are The Ultimate Forest Escape Please excuse us while we book our flights.
You'd Better Arrive Early If You Want to Catch Your Train in Germany Cailey Rizzo November 7, 2016 This article originally appeared on Travel + Leisure. German trains are so on time, they're
Everything You Want to Know About Holiday Travel (But Were Afraid to Ask) Thanksgiving is only a couple weeks away. Do you really want to wait until the last minute to plan your holiday travel? Not
Colombian Super-Fort Spotlights Wacky 'War of Jenkins Ear' 
How Travel Inspired Me To Redefine The American Dream I am a person who decides what I want and boom, I make it happen. Motherhood was not that way for me. It's late. I am working
Live Like A Local In Koh Phangan, Thailand If you\u2019re looking to stay fit, you have plenty of options. Get your yoga on at Orion, knock out a few Muay Thai classes (they\u2019re
Here's What Fall Foliage Looks Like In The States You'll Drive Through To Reach Canada We're kidding. Kind of.
Kids On A Plane -- What Could Possibly Go Wrong? It\u2019s a story that Carrie Calzaretta\u2019s 14-year-old son, Tyler, will probably tell his kids someday. This summer, the Calzarettas
Scams To Watch Out For As A Solo Traveler To me, traveling to foreign countries is the one of the greatest things on the planet. Right up there with baby giggles and
13 Photos That Will Inspire You To Get Off The Couch And See The World Cue the wanderlust.
Love Is In The Air! Qantas Pilot Pops The Question Mid-Flight \u2708\ufe0f \u2764\ufe0f \ud83d\udc8d
JetBlue's $39 Flight Sale Will Help You Get Away Immediately After The Election Vote, then immediately depart this awful election season for cheap.
Government Tries To Protect Air Travelers. Will Anyone Notice? When the Transportation Department (DOT) announced new \u201cenhanced\u201d protections for air travelers last week, the reaction was
How Travel Helps My Anxiety Gratitude \u2013 We are so spoiled in the US. I\u2019m reminded each and every time I travel that those things we take for granted
American Airlines Plane Fire At Chicago O'Hare Sent Pieces Flying Half Mile The fire, captured in social media images, is believed to have started with an engine failure,
Random Sunsets Around the World - Part 4, Arctic and Antarctic regions - Sinking Low on the Looney Front 
The Most Haunted Town in America 
FedEx Plane Catches Fire At Fort Lauderdale Airport No one was injured in the explosion.
How Arrestor Beds Stopped Mike Pence's Plane From A Disastrous Crash These blocks of lightweight cement are miracle workers.
Canada Is The No. 1 Country To Visit In 2017, According To Lonely Planet Further proof we should all move to Canada if Trump becomes president.
More People Are Killed By Cars After Daylight Saving Time Change, Data Says The change is happening November 6.
People Are Telling Their Travel Agents Not To Book Trump Hotels This isn't good for business.
President Obama Just Can't Deal With Airport Security World leaders
Why Traveling Solo Can Offer The Best Company Why traveling solo can give you the best company Many people would like to travel, but they don\u2019t want to go alone. So they
You'll Never Guess Why Travelers Are Being Inundated With Junk Mail When Diana Lee Craig cast off on the Oceania Riviera\u2019s 10-day Eastern Caribbean cruise, there were no surprises. The ship
Torontonians Don't Know How Good They Have It It was pretty disheartening to see the reactions of Torontonians to my article on why New Yorkers should consider Toronto
These Stunning 'Airportraits' Show The Beauty Of Flight At Airports Around The World It's a love letter to airports.
This Modern Treehouse Puts The Glam In Glamping This is what childhood dreams are made of.
Why This Aborted Airplane Landing Only LOOKS Like Your Worst Nightmare An important message for anyone who's afraid of flying.
The Real Reason Airplane Windows Don't Always Align With Your Seat The mystery is solved.
Traveler Or Tourist? Why You Should Be Both. And why it's OK to be both.
Southwest Airlines Is Making It Easier (And Cheaper) To Fly To Cuba This is exciting.
Doug The Pug's Adorable Travel Photos Are Making Hearts Explode Doug's trip to London was paws-itively precious.
TripAdvisor Will Stop Selling Tickets To Cruel Wild Animal Attractions It's a BIG move for animal wellbeing.
Passengers Flip Out When Simone Biles Surprises Them At The Airport The gold medalist wins as a flight attendant, too.\ud83c\udfc5
Hotels Think You Want This Bill. Think Again, Hotels The hotel industry is celebrating a big win after the recent introduction of the Stop Online Booking Scams Act of 2016 in
How To Convince Your Boss You Should Work Remotely As A Digital Nomad Unless you own your own business or freelance, the biggest hurdle facing you and your dreams to becoming a Digital Nomad
This Town Is Becoming Hogsmeade For One Magical 'Harry Potter' Weekend Calling all muggles and wizards! \u26a1\ufe0f\ud83d\udc4d
This Fog Blanket Over San Francisco Looks Completely Otherworldly Whoa.
There's Nothing Like Stunning Nature Photos To Remind You Of How Little You Are Andrew Studer's photos are the most beautiful reality check.
The Best Time To Buy Holiday Flights For 2016, According To Experts Remember these dates. \ud83d\udc4d
The Tiny Island Of Foula Has Got To Be Britain's Best-Kept Secret Miniature ponies await. \ud83d\udc0e \ud83d\udc0e \ud83d\udc0e
Want To Travel The World? There\u2019s No Need To Quit Your Job If you run a company and would like to travel and work, try outsourcing parts of your business through online platforms and
Why Hotels Need A 24-Hour Refund Rule Marcie Derosas's hotel problem was solved within minutes of contacting me. She'd booked a nonrefundable room online without
Traveling Isn't Perfect And Neither Are You As I faced the painful truths that traveling imposed upon me, I whined a little and resisted answering the tough questions
20 Unique Places That Prove Our Planet Is Awesome We all live here. More than 7.1\u00a0billion of us. All of us on this third planet from the sun. We know that when we stand on
7 Steps to Planning a Staycation 
Five Coastal Rhode Island Luminaries That Are Not Taylor Swift 
Guy Moonwalks Through 27 European Landmarks, Because Why Not? Travis DeRose has some fancy footwork.
SeaWorld Just Unveiled A New Plan To Win Back Visitors The \Blackfish Effect\ is a lot to overcome.
This Rideable Suitcase Has Got To Be The Greatest Airport Invention Meet the carry-on that carries you.
West Elm Is Launching Its Own Collection Of Hotels This is not a drill.
Backpacking Through Europe in the 1990s 
5 Epic Travel Spots That Are A Great Deal Right Now Hit these stunning countries while the dollar is strong.
'SpongeBob' Fans Will Love This Pineapple-Shaped Villa In Punta Cana We're ready, we're ready, we're ready!
Jet Blue's $39 Sale Is The Good News This Week Needs That's right, another flash sale!
Couple Runs On To Beijing Airport Tarmac After Arriving Too Late To Board Flight This is NOT how you get on a plane.
This Mesmerizing Lavender Labyrinth Is A Real-Life Fairytale Part confusing, part calm. \ud83d\ude4c
10 Common Phrases To Learn Before You Visit Japan Japan (called as Nippon in Japanese) is an island country that is located in the East Asia. As the concept of traveling and
Life Outside The Comfort Zone \The breakthrough you\u2019ve been waiting for is hidden somewhere you\u2019ve never been.\
Aristocratic, Chic, Historical, And Fashionable - The Most Elegant Townsquare Of Paris. 
Why You Shouldn't Visit Iceland During The Summer As seen on howfarfromhome.com This is going to be the shortest post we've ever written, because, well, there is really only
Mean Streak 
The Everglades Are More Out-Of-This-World Gorgeous Than You Thought We're starstruck. \u2728
Ding Dong, Booger Hole And Worms Top List Of Oddest U.S. Town Names And those aren't even the most ridiculous ones out there.
Top Seven Best Tips For Enjoying Yourself In America\u2019s National Parks We take pictures to remember where we have been and moments that we shared. Sometimes we forget to put the camera down and
How To Eat Healthy While Traveling As much as traveling can be fun and enriching, it can also be upsetting and disruptive to a healthy diet\u2026 so much that, at
The Definitive International Guide To Tipping Tipping. In the U.S., tipping is a way of life for anyone who receives a service of almost any type. We tips our barbers
This Brutally Honest Airline 'Ad' Nails What It's Like To Fly You get what you pay for.
Video Shows Carnival Cruise Liner Destroy Marina With Its Wake The cruise line blamed rough currents and wind conditions for pushing the 133,500-ton ship off course.
A New Digital Art Museum In Paris - What The Heck Is That? 
Aarhus - A Tale of Two Museums 
The Oscars 
I Saved $25K In College To Take A Year Long Trip Around The Globe This post appeared first on CentSai During my last year of college, I had one goal
Wanderlusting Hit the road, Jill! I\u2019m getting ready to start my autumn adventures. Last year, I took a solo trip to Vail over Labor Day
10 Things I Love About Azerbaijan 9. EYE SEE YOU The Baku Eye is Azerbaijan\u2019s version of the London Eye. A gigantic ferries wheel that gives you a heart-stopping
How To Afford Travel THE most frequently asked question I get is \u201chow can you afford to travel?\u201d, although it\u2019s usually couched in words like
I Visited 29 States In 90 Days For Just $3,600 This post appeared first on Centsai A couple of years ago, I drove from San Diego to Seattle to Washington, D.C. on a motorcycle
Iceland After a brief hike across a lava field, a slow, careful elevator lowers you hundreds of meters into the (now cool) volcanic
The Magical Arabia Of Our Childhood Imagination There is one city that keeps alive the magical world of our imagination.
Why Moving Abroad Can Be The Professional Shift You've Been Waiting For Three years ago, I quit my well-paying job in the heart of New York City and decided that I wanted to move to Spain. Leaving
Slavic Cool? \u201cSlavic cool\u201d is everywhere these days. As Seth Sherwood writes in a recent New York Times travel article, it is especially
5 Things You Must Do In London While Traveling England London is a tourist\u2019s paradise owing to the several iconic attractions it has to offer.Therefore,it makes sense why London
The Best Natural Attractions In Thailand Have you decided to go for Thailand? This is the first time for you to visit Thailand!! So, don\u2019t the places to visit? And
Look Out for Flying Jesters on a Tour of Dresden With Augustus the Strong 
Beyond Copenhagen - Denmark's Historic Cities 
China's Record-Breaking Glass Bridge Is So Popular, It Had To Close Demand to visit was ten times the bridge's capacity.
How I Got Rich In My Career And Life By Traveling When I told my father I was going to go traveling, his response was unsurprising. \u2018Who are you going with?\u2019 I held my breath
10 Truths Of Travel Blogging You Didn't Know It\u2019s morning in Jakarta and I can hear the hauntingly beautiful call to prayer from a local mosque across the street from
5 Stunning Vacation Spots In Mexico That Go Beyond The Beach Yes, the water's beautiful, but Mexico has so much more to see!
First U.S.-Cuba Scheduled Flight In Decades Set To Depart Among the passengers on the 150-seat Airbus A320 will be U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx, JetBlue Chief Executive Officer Robin Hayes, news reporters and photographers.
Death To America, Visiting Iran It is easy to be filled with some anxiety when visiting Iran. \u00a0One only needs to peruse a newspaper or surf the net to encounter
Southwest Airlines Flight Makes Emergency Landing After Engine Turmoil Passengers applauded Flight 3472's crew for keeping calm under extreme pressure.
Is It Time For Airlines To Revive 'Rule 240'? If your flight is canceled, does your airline still have an obligation to get you to your destination on time? Rosemarie
At Home With Hans Christian Andersen in Odense 
A Visit To The Charming Montmartre Museum And The Renoir Gardens 
The Happy Truths Of A Solo Traveler You will realize that it's not all about you.
Tips For Moving Abroad Moving from the U.S. to another country? Fantastique! Magn\u00edfico! You are beginning a great adventure. But of course, first you need to get there with all of your belongings. Whether you are single, or moving a family and pets here are key factors and to-dos to manage when moving abroad.
6 Of The Wildest Parties Around The World Move over Full Moon Party and Coachella. From fashion to vegetable flinging and music festivals to national holidays, take a sneak peek at how the world parties hard and perhaps you animals may find yourself at one for your next international escapade.
Why I Gave up On Vacations To Travel The World As many in the northern hemisphere jet off for their summers, I stay put. I spend my summers in Stockholm. But when winter
Universal Patents A Wand And Spells Ride That Sounds Perfect For A New Harry Potter Attraction Wingardium Leviosa!
We Can All Relate To The British Olympic Team's Hilarious Airport Mistake Olympians
Where To See The Milky Way, Before Light Pollution Makes It Even More Difficult An argument for turning off the lights.
10 Days In Taiwan -- Where To Go And What To Eat Din Tai Fung Founded in Taiwan, this dumpling house serves up the best Xiao long bao or soup dumplings you\u2019ll ever have
Fearless Service Dog Is Totally Ready To Fight A Dinosaur At Universal's Islands Of Adventure Now that's dedication!
Of Ships and Tombs and Denmark's Viking Heritage 
8 Truths About Long-Term Travel Am I discouraging you from traveling long-term? Definitely not! Long term travel has a lot of charms, and a lot of lessons
Top Things To Do In Kona, Hawaii Kona and the Big Island itself are absolutely stunning both on the ground and in the air.
4 Affordable Ways To Travel Long-Term Taking in foreign employees is often so sought after that entire countries have established visa programs that make it easy. It depends on your country of residence, but citizens of the UK and U.S have quite an advantage
It's Too Hot To Do Anything But Stare At These Gorgeous Waterfalls It's a virtual cool down. You're welcome.
This Baby's Been Alive Less Than A Week And Already Has More Airline Miles Than You Thanks to the gift of 1 million free, non-expiring miles.
Hawaii Might Just Have The Best Rainbows On The Planet The pot of gold has GOT to be in the Aloha State.
Kendall And Kylie Jenner's Turks And Caicos Rental Redefines Paradise My oh my, how the other half vacations.
8 Lessons For Life While Traveling A few times a week during the summer, I sit in the Music tent in Aspen, Colorado, where the annual Music Festival takes place
Beyond Oslo - Norway's other Historic Towns 
Dolphin Steals iPad From Woman's Hand, Makes Catch Of The Day As slippery as an eel!
7 Reasons to Book Directly with Airlines and Hotels Over the past few years, airlines and hotels have been endeavoring to cut online travel agencies (OTAs) like Expedia and
JetBlue Is Offering $39 Flights In An Epic 2-Day Flash Sale All aboard!
The Best Ways To Use Stale Bread We could call it the multiplication of the loaves without the fishes. That\u2019s because this food imbued with meaning\u2014bread
Delta Air Lines Resumes Flights After Computer Systems Suffer Power Outage The company said via Twitter that it had canceled about 300 flights due to the power outage.
The Italian Island That's Just As Breathtaking As Cinque Terre It has an area of less than 2 square miles, but an allure that is definitely dangerous. Procida is an island that will win
Let's Regulate Frequent Flier Programs. Here's Why. The federal government is on the verge of regulating airline frequent-flier programs. But how far it goes may depend on you
Why The Azores Are The Best European Island Destination For All Types Of Travelers For Outdoors and Diving Fans Now, where should I begin? Each one of the islands is unique and beautiful, and the list of
In the Hall of the Mountain King - Norway's Silver Mines 
This First Class Luxury Airplane Cabin Will Fill You With Rage \ud83d\ude21 \ud83d\ude21 \ud83d\ude21
Clear Suitcases Are A Thing, In Case Traveling Wasn't Stressful Enough Just...why?
A Summer Guide To Seattle's Best Parks Picnic at Gasworks Park If there were an award for weirdest park, Gasworks would definitely win that award. Perched on the
The Best Way To Use Leftover Rice Just call it \u201csun rice.\u201d Rice and its summer versions are one of Italy\u2019s most popular dishes in the hottest months of the
How Online Travel Agencies Manipulate Your Search Results At first, to Christine Compo-Martin, the Expedia.com search results looked like a mistake. As she queried the site for a
The New Puerto Rico 
Kiev 
A Guide To The Perfect Day In Rio Pastries, historical buildings and Samba await!
The Ingenious Way Pilots Avoid Turbulence On Your Flight It's the 'Waze' of the future.
How To Give Your Pasta A Second Life We could call it pasta redux. Because while the concept is recycling, the outcome isn\u2019t simple reuse by any means. It is
This Magical Floating Hotel Can Travel Just About Anywhere We've never seen anything like it.
This Is How Long It Takes To Ride To Every NYC Subway Stop One man just took the ultimate ride in record time.
What Not To Wear On Vacation Sue Groenewegen is dressing conservatively. Dan Church plans to blend in. And Robin Smith is wearing \u201cless bling.\u201d It was
A 7-Day Iceland Road Trip Itinerary Next, we made a pit stop in Akureyri to grab some lunch, fill up on gas and stock up on groceries. Akureyri is the second
The Berkshires Is The Weekend Trip You MUST Take This Summer Three words
Brilliant 'My Hitch' Gadget Lets You Wear Your Suitcase Like A Tail Purrfect for travel. \ud83d\udc31
10 Ways To Not Be A Total Jerk On Your Next Flight Show some common courtesy, folks.
Turns Out Coffee Is The Cruel Reason Your Flight May Be Delayed Is this a joke?
The Best Italian Recipes To Celebrate Peach Season The peach tree is native to China and grows spontaneously in Persia. Its fruit is distinguished by the early variety, which
These Vacation Illustrations Prove The Greatest Couples Are Also Best Friends It's the key to love \ud83d\udc95
Here's Yet Another Way To Get Paid To Travel This Summer This photo contest has a trip-tastic grand prize. \u2600\ufe0f
This Grand Theater-Turned-Bookstore Will Take Your Breath Away WOW.
A Big Win For Passengers In Washington After months of debate over the Federal Aviation Administration reauthorization bill, and at an apparent impasse over privatizing
So What's Bali Like? I\u2019ve been asked that question a lot since I returned from a two-week vacation in Bali so let me try and put my thoughts in
Lofty Daredevil Feats and Sedater Pleasures in Norway's Fjordlands 
Think Twice Before You Ride This Terrifying Glass 'Skyslide' And do NOT look down. \ud83d\ude48
This Airbus A350's Vertical Takeoff Is Not For The Faint Of Heart Wow.
3 High-Paying Jobs That Let You Travel The World Living the dream!
Disneyland Shows Off New Details Of 'Star Wars' Themed Land You will soon be able to pilot the Millennium Falcon.
These Epic 360-Degree Photos Will Make You Feel Like You're On Vacation Dive with dolphins at your desk!
The Hidden Gems Of The Italian Riviera West of Rome is the title of a famous book of novellas by John Fante. \u201cWest of Genoa\u201d is the byword of lovers of the Riviera
These Photos Take You Inside One Of The World\u2019s Largest Cruise Ships Sicilian photographer Maria Vittoria Trovato says the ship is like a \u201ctraveling city.\u201d
How To Explore Singapore On A Budget I have had a love hate relationship with Singapore ever since I first visited 15 years ago. While the country is the perfect
How To Not Spend Your Vacation Standing in Line You know that part of your vacation where you hold your breath and hope for the best? It used to happen just before the plane
The Italian Summer Expositions You Can't Miss It\u2019s the country with the highest number of UNESCO World Heritage Sites (currently 51) and the largest concentration of monuments
This Mega-Sized Vacation Home Comes With Slot Machines, Laser Tag And A Human Bowling Alley Stefon would be proud.
How To Pretend You're A Local On Your Next Vacation Because, duh.
World's Only Flying Eye Hospital Provides Eye Care To Those In Need \A 15-minute surgery is all most of these people need to restore their sight.\
There's A Three-Villa Treehouse In The World's Best Hotel Feast your eyes on Indonesia's Nihiwatu resort.
Scientists Just Validated Your Instagram Obsession Even more reason to stop and smell the roses -- and take a photo while you're at it.
This Town Called Dildo Is Actually Quite Picturesque Oh, Canada.
What Brexit Can Mean For Travelers In The Near Future Be prepared to be flexible.
3 Recipes For Anyone Who Loves Vegetables In the plethora of diets out there, no nutritionist has ever said that veggies are bad for you. Eat seasonal ones that are
Everything You Need To Know To Cook Like An Italian Anna Prandoni is the author of Let\u2019s Cook Italian (Quarto Publishing), an Italian family cookbook (with simplified versions
5 Travel Booking Secrets That Will Help You Score Cheaper Flights You'll never book a flight the same way again.
Walk Through Universal's 'Walking Dead' Attraction -- If You Dare Theme park unveils permanent 'ride' of the temporarily dead.
4 Vegetables You Can Only Eat In Italy Friarielli, cime di rapa, puntarelle, asparago bianco. These exotic names refer to vegetables that are practically impossible
Here's Why You Should Always Bring Something Back From A Trip Souvenirs aren't overrated; they measure your growth.
Where To Eat The Best Pizza In The South Of Italy It was officially invented in Naples in the late 1800s, when restaurateur Raffaele Esposito\u2014 along with his wife Rosa (proving
How To Overcome Post-Travel Blues You are having the time of your life traveling the unknown and enjoying every second of it. You don\u2019t even mind getting lost
Gyumri Capitalizes on its Humor Industry and Stands Resolute 
Me, the Sideshow in Guatemala It was our first international trip together, and Andrew noticed that I was getting stared at something serious. I'd forgotten about the international Stare-At-Ama game, and it was a rude awakening.
San Francisco 
7 Must Have Items That Are Sure to Spice up Your Vacation Anywhere 
What Does The Brexit Mean For Americans Traveling To Europe? Four things you should know about your summer vacation.
You Can Assess An Italian Restaurant Based On Its Wine Italian wine\u2014I can assure you\u2014is good. Very good. However, you need to know what to choose, especially at a restaurant. Outside
This Company Pays Its Employees $7,500 To Vacation Tech-Free \The vast majority of employees are incredibly relaxed and calm after they get back.\
'Frozen' Fans Are Losing Their Snowballs Over Disney's Newest Ride This video from inside the ride shows it's everything we've waited for.
Watch As New Yorkers Get Crushed With Despair As They JUST Miss The Subway There's nothing quite like those doors closing in your face.
So THAT'S How Airplane Black Boxes Work With a black box, experts can pretty much recreate a whole flight.
So THAT'S What All Those Codes On Your Baggage Tag Mean To a checked bag, the airport is one big trip.
A Giant List Of Epic Destinations For Anyone Who Lives To Travel Pack your bags.
Turns Out An Obama Family Vacation Looks Much Like Ours There are early departures, over-enthusiastic parents, and dad jeans.
Is the FTC About to Ban Hotel Resort Fees? An alarming rise in mandatory resort fees is pushing the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) to consider a change to its four
8 Reasons To Travel This Year Begin (or continue) the greatest story ever told.
One Hump, Two Humps, No Humps - Camelids, Section 1 
Why Traveling Is Good For Your Relationship \It's absolutely vital.\
For Cryin' Out Loud, Wear a Headset on the Plane! You probably have a lot in common with Rick Brunson. Okay, maybe you\u2019re not an information technology consultant, and maybe
How The Wicked Wanderlust Can Ruin Your Life But I wouldn't want to mess my life up any other way.
Experts Say This Is Why You Get So Angry On Planes There's a particular plane configuration that can predict air rage.
You Won't Believe How Many Vacation Days America Wasted Last Year Hint
How To Avoid Getting Scammed In Italy In a 1970s Italian cult lm, the famous actor Toto\u0300\u2014mainly known for his roles as a creative crook\u2014 conned an Italian-American
Shanghai Disney Looks Epic In Photos From Inside The New Park The park opens this week, and we can't wait.
The World's Best (?) Beaches 
The Easy Way To Budget For Your Next Trip Because getting away can be hard.
Act Presidential. Eat Where the President Eats in D.C. One of the perks of being president of the United States might be lavish state dinners with foods from all over the globe
New York City\u2019s Best New Playground for Families Central Park may be the most visited park in the United States, with more than 37.5 million people entering its grounds each
21 Songs That'll Inspire You To Book A Trip Warning
The Best IFTTT Recipes to Make the Most of Your Vacation When you take a vacation, you get to explore a new place and get away from the daily grind. Of course, vacations require
8 Tropical Escapes That Don't Require A Passport Paradise is a lot closer than you think.
World Traveler Finds The Cutest Way To Reassure His Worried Mom D'awwwwwww.
10 Things to Take on Your Summer Road Trip It\u2019s the summer of the road trip. Get ready to go with these must-haves for spending hours in the car. Happy driving!
5 Top Neighborhoods to Catch Baseball\u2019s Spirit A classic baseball outing in the United States begins long before the game starts. In many cities, fans flock to the areas
Do Not Cancel Your Trip to Paris! 
How Romania Got Its Name...and Lost Its Historic Treasures 
Way Too Many Americans Didn't Take Enough Vacation Days Last Year This is not okay.
The Granita Is An Easy Italian Dessert You Need In Your Life There is an Italian saying that \u201cclass is not water.\u201d But that\u2019s not always true, especially if the water is partly frozen
The Hills An Hour Outside Milan Are Completely Breathtaking A big little secret
JetBlue Is Offering $49 Flights In A 3-Day Flash Sale Some deals are better than others, but they're all worth a look.
Why I'm Vowing To Use All Of My Vacation Days This Year It's time to take a break.
10 Reasons Tennessee Should Be Your Next Weekend Getaway Dollywood. Need we say more?
This Is The Only Royal Cemetery Within The U.S. It's also the only remaining sovereign land in Hawaii.
Undiscovered Plovdiv 
Dancing for Joy Bulgarian Style 
Commies Tossed into the Dustbin of History 
French Postman Named Horse Spent 33 Years Building a Castle of Pebbles The very eccentric Ferdinand Cheval (his real name) built a striking palace entirely made of pebbles he collected on his postal work route. He was a modest 19th-century postman in the town of Hauterives,  in the Drome region, a rural and remote part of France
America's Desert Playground It's difficult to measure all of the positives that can come from just one visit to a U.S. National Park.
Cities Embracing Street Art for City Branding When talking about global trends that cities all over the world are taking on, one just cannot avoid reflecting on what a huge role street art has had on urbanism in recent years. This means that throughout the years turning from vandalism into creative expression, street art has been shaping identities of cities.
The Mediaeval Greek Fortress Town of Monemvasia Enough of 'equivalents' already. Lonely Planet deems Monemvasia, on a little island off the Peloponnese's third dangling tentacle, 'the equivalent of France's Mont St-Michel.' But this Greek fortress town is vastly different from the picture postcard fairy-tale abbey and village off the Normandy coast.
How To Navigate Rome When Traveling With Your Kids Not just the Colosseum. And not just the Forum or the Spanish Steps. Visiting Rome with children in tow doesn\u2019t have to be
These Photos Prove Australia Is The Most Stunning Place On Earth Fly high Down Under.
This Is THE Best Beach In America, According To Dr. Beach The shores of America are looking mighty fine.
Man Pens Witty, Kind Letter And Airline Actually Drops His Fee Sometimes you have to do things the old fashioned way.
Weird Things People Bring to Airports that Cause Long Security Lines A passenger tried to board an airplane at Chicago\u2019s O\u2019Hare International Airport with a camouflaged double-bladed knife shaped
How To Bike Your Way Through Two Italian Cities The balance between cost and effectiveness is excellent. The Po Valley\u2014stretching along the course of the Po River in northern
6 Things You Should Eat in Philly Besides a Cheesesteak Everyone knows that Philly is known for its cheesesteaks, pretzels and hoagies \u2014 all of which are an absolute must in the
These Beautiful Beaches In Italy Will Give You Major Wanderlust In Italy, we have a problem with beaches
We Are Born Explorers, Not Tourists Stop \touristing.\ Start exploring.
Soak Up The Luxury At Bath's Newest Hotel 
Here are 5 Surprising Things You Can Do in U.S. National Parks The United States is home to nearly 132,000 square miles of national parkland, where you can see the world\u2019s largest trees
A Mysterious Italian Menu Where Nothing Is What It Seems CARROT LINGUINE WITH GARLIC AND ANCHOVIES (Serves 4) 3 yellow carrots 2 cloves garlic 1 small piece grated ginger 4 anchovy
How To Make Braised Beef, Minute By Minute In every Italian home, in every trattoria, braised beef and mashed potatoes are a staple. What we\u2019re proposing is a simple
The Best Taxi and Ride-Hailing Apps Around the World When it comes to hailing a taxi, pulling out your smartphone to order a ride has replaced waving one down. Let\u2019s face it
TSA Raked In More Than $700,000 In Loose Change Last Year Your loss is the government's gain.
Flight Of The Living Dead! TSA Screens Creepy Zombie Corpse And no, long TSA lines aren't to blame for this.
Bourbon is Sacred in Kentucky Horse Country. Here\u2019s Where to Drink Up Bourbon is definitely having a moment, maybe more than a moment. Entire bars, all around the country, are dedicated to high
Greece's Vouraikos Railway, One of the World's Most Spectacular Train Rides 
The Island No One Wants You To Know About There is something enticing about the idea of an island getaway. Though there are thousands of island destinations to choose from all over the world, there is one island that expert travelers do not want to share with you.
When Following the Cool Kid Pays Off As I stroll down another street with a Dutch name I don't even dare attempt to pronounce, my shoulder jolts forward as an unknown figure breezes by me. I scoff, taking my gaze off the glassy, modern architecture of The Palace District of Amsterdam, and scan ahead at the offender.
Tourism to Israel up Despite Political Tensions Despite concerns over political tensions, Israeli tourism remains steady - and I can see why. Once you arrive and sit yourself down at the beach for a beer, any anxiety you might bring with you will melt away. I feel safer walking the city streets in Tel Aviv than when I was living in New York City last summer.
The Italian Island You Must Visit Is An Hour Outside Of Milan A little gem is nestled in the mountains of Piedmont, Lake Orta is a destination for connoisseurs. It\u2019s like talking about
9 Cool Airports With Some Surprising Ways to Kill Time Traveling is fun, but hanging out in the airport? Not so much. The delays, layovers, long lines, miles between gates\u2026it just
Easy Italian Recipes To Make As A Family Children who are good eaters have been trained to taste things from a very early age. This is what experience has taught
Here's How To Bike Your Way Through Tuscany Lucca It is one of Tuscany\u2019s best-known art cities. First of all, this is because of its magni cent walls built between the
Ride A Lightcycle On The New TRON Roller Coaster At Shanghai Disneyland The company's newest theme park opens on June 16.
The Best Hotels For Sleep In Canada Good night!
Greece's Breathtaking Vikos Gorge, The World's Deepest 
The Cheapest Day To Buy A Plane Ticket, Depending On Where You're Going Stick this puppy on your fridge.
Mexican Food is a Must in San Antonio. Here\u2019s Where to Taste the Best Short of crossing the border, you probably won\u2019t find better Mexican food anywhere than in San Antonio. It is a staple for
4 Italian Recipes That Aren't Quite Raw, But Aren't Quite Cooked Between cooked and raw, there\u2019s marinating, an age-old technique that\u2019s also healthy. It gives food flavor and makes it digestible
Japan's Huis Ten Bosch Theme Park Is Opening An All-Robot Kingdom ...and that's not even the weirdest part.
Zip Down the World\u2019s Longest Tunnel Slide in London London is giving new meaning to slip and slide. Starting this summer, the city will boast the world\u2019s tallest and longest
'The Lego Backpacker' Instagrams The World, One Country At A Time The plastic figure is currently kicking back in Spain.
How To Communicate Like A True Italian, Using Only Your Hands \There's an entire dictionary.\
Video Shows Dizzying First Test Ride Aboard Six Flags' 'Joker' 4D Coaster The stomach-turning ride is expected to be \u201cthe most insane coaster in the history of Six Flags Great Adventure.\
Airlines to Congress If there's any doubt Congress is beholden to the powerful airline lobby, this should settle it
The Magnificent Lakes and Mountains of North-West Greece 
Sauerkraut, Apple Strudel, Cowboys, Armadillos -- Howdy! We're in Texas! The tiny town of Fredericksburg certainly knows how to display its charming German heritage.
You Could Get Paid To Act Like A Zombie From 'The Walking Dead' It's the job of a lifetime.
3 Days in Nashville Looking to get a little bit country? Got three days to do it? \u201cMusic City\u201d is the perfect spot for a long weekend of live
Eat Your Way Through Barcelona in 3 Days It might take a little caffeine, but with a long weekend in Spain\u2019s Catalonian capital, you can check off many of the city\u2019s
Everything You Wanted To Know About Barbera Wine Barbera is the Italian wine that goes best with an American weekend, as it\u2019s perfect for a backyard barbecue. Luca Cinacchi
5 Italian Appetizers You Can Make In Under 5 Minutes Nothing can prove your cooking skills better than an impromptu happy hour made in less than five minutes And nothing makes
Lighter Italian Recipes That Are Perfect For Summer Nights It never appears in the list of ingredients, yet water is a key ingredient and is used in various ways
Past Armageddon and on to Zippori, one of Israel's Premier Archaeological Sites 
4 Full Days of Nashville 
How A Professional Traveler Upgrades His Flights And Hotels Oh, it's savvy.
Your Cheat Sheet To Italian Coffee Culture In Italy, there are people willing to walk half a mile first thing in the morning to get the very best. There are those who
Don't Miss San Gimignano On Your Next Trip To Tuscany You could say it is a medieval Manhattan. San Gimignano is famous for its towered skyline, which has characterized it since
Where to Find Your Chill Amid Los Angeles' Nonstop Action Los Angeles may be one of the world\u2019s most well-rounded destinations. The city offers a buffet of cultural institutions both
Why Flea Markets Should Be Your First Stop In Italy Paris isn\u2019t the only place with a marche\u0301 aux puces
Women Are Great at Adulting, Book Work Flights Two Days Earlier Than Men A new study of 6.4 million business-travel flight bookings has confirmed what many have long suspected
'Dapper Day' Turns Disney Theme Parks Into Fanciest Place On Earth Thousands packed Disneyland Paris and Disney World in Florida wearing their Sunday best as part of a semi-annual fashion event.
Why Traveling Is The Smartest Way To Spend Your Tax Refund Your future self will thank you.
This Airline Gate Agent Leaves His Guests The Happiest Surprises Why isn't EVERY flight like this?
Everything You Need To Know About Amarone Bitter in name only. Translated facetiously, the term Amarone would be equivalent to something like Very Bitter, but this
So THAT\u2019S Why Airplane Engines Are So Big Now Let science do the 'splaining.
5 Unexpected Spots to Slack Off in Shanghai With more than 20 million people, 14 metro lines and hundreds of skyscrapers, Shanghai is the picture of a busy city\u2014even
Here's Why You Should Pay More Attention To 'Flyover States' It's road trip season.
The Best Vegetarian Options In Milan Everyone knows that international \u201cwinds\u201d always blow first in Milan and then the rest of Italy. So more of fad than an ethical
Here's What To Bring On A Fishing Trip Plan ahead.
How To Enjoy The 1,250 Events Of Milan\u2019s Design Week Lastly, it is worth exploring \u201c50 Manga Chairs\u201d by Nendo at the Chiostro Minore di San Simpliciano, with 50 chairs by Japanese
Soon, You'll Be Able To Sleep In The Palace Of Versailles We'll take two suites, s'il vous plait.
Take A Yellow Submarine; No Need To Scuba To See The Creatures of the Sea - Section IV 
Why Are Air Travelers Pushing Each Others' Buttons? Airline passengers are pushing each other\u2019s buttons more than ever, mostly because there are more buttons than ever to push
Bomb-Sniffing Dogs Could Soon Replace Cumbersome TSA Checkpoints Keep your shoes on AND see a cute doggie? We like this idea.
4 Couscous Recipes For Every Meal Of The Day Everyone thinks it originated in North Africa, but historically it is one of the most widely used and beloved foods of Sicily
6 Super Dreamy Airbnbs That Cost $200 And Under A Night It's time to book your next vacation.
The Best Red Pasta Sauce Italians Love But You've Never Heard Of Pasta with amatriciana sauce is one of the symbols of Italian cuisine. It is a classic of Lazio\u2014its regional capital is Rome
The Views From This Italian City Will Take Your Breath Away Picture yourself walking through the streets of a town that looks like a medieval film set. Where\u2014 just like in a movie\u2014you
3 Herbs Italian Food Lovers Should Have In Their Home There are many, they smell divine and they make traditional Italian dishes almost intoxicating. How do Italians use them
Everything You Need To Know About Barolo There is a saying in Italy that sums it all up. Barolo, with its bouquet rich in nuances and full-bodied palate, is defined
Bunny Island And Other Awesome Japanese Attractions For Animal Lovers When you think of Japan several things might spring to mind
The Florida Sect Doomed From the Start Continuing our visits on the trail of weird places in Florida, as we were driving down the west coast alongside the Gulf of Mexico, we discovered a small quiet park tucked away from the main roads and hidden from the touristic tracks.
London Just Became A Disney Wonderland, Thanks To These Creative Cutouts ...all it took was a little imagination.
Behind the Design Getting a good night\u2019s rest can be harder than you think. Everything from every day stresses to the very rooms in which we
Solace and the City New York City\u2019s pulse beats with an intensity found in few other places on Earth. Its iconic high rises, cacophony of sounds
Virgin Galactic Is Helping Develop A New Supersonic Commercial Airplane Behold, what may be the fastest flight since the Concorde. \ud83d\ude80 \ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffc
5 Ways To Detect If Your Artisanal Gelato Is Real Countless gelaterie boast that they sell \u201cartisanal Italian ice cream,\u201d but few of them actually do. How can you tell the
Shanghai Disneyland Looks Positively Magical In These New Photos It's the happiest place in the hemisphere.
No Need for Scuba to See These Creatures of the Sea - Section II, All Aboard for Whales and Dolphins 
The Devil Lives in Florida! We Saw His Den. The tiny town of Williston (less than 3,000 inhabitants) is famous for its peanuts and the festival that goes with it, but also for an incredible subterranean network of water flow and rivers.
Cherry Blossoms Transform Iconic D.C. Landmarks A Week Early But time to see the blooms in all their glory hasn't run out.
This Is How Italians Do Spicy Food There are many types of hot peppers, varying in shape, flavour and provenance. In certain parts of the world, independently
Try To Not Be Enchanted By These Photos Of The Amalfi Coast In Italy they say, \u201cSee Naples and die.\u201d In other words, once you\u2019ve seen this city, you\u2019ve seen everything. However, the
Tina Fey Got Sassy With The O.G. 'Mean Girls' At Disney World Now THIS is a sequel we'd like to see.
13 Ways Travelers Perceive The World Differently Put on your travel-colored glasses. \ud83d\udc53
Denver Airport To Reopen After Blizzard Cancels 1,200 Flights (UPDATE) The storm, which hit Denver early on Wednesday, caused ripple effects across the country as planes awaited clearance to depart for snowbound Denver.
The Blooming Cherry Blossoms In Japan Look Downright Magical Time to book a flight.
Positano Is The Destination Of Your Wildest Dreams There must be a reason this is one of the world\u2019s most famous coastlines. Listed by UNESCO as one of Italy\u2019s fifty World
The Best Food In Italy That Isn't Pizza Pizza in the south, but piadine, tigelle, gnocco fritto et al. in the north. So is Italy divided in half? Only by creativity
Here Comes the Travel Rights Spring! It started with a proposed bill to set minimum seat sizes on planes. Then a senator took on hotel resort fees, and another
No Need for Scuba to See These Creatures of the Sea - Section I, From Dry, Dry Land 
Drone Comes Within 200 Feet Of Passenger Jet Coming In To Land At LAX The close encounter came at an altitude of 5,000 feet on Friday afternoon.
Cuba Travel Cuba has inspired travelers who are eager to see, touch, hear and taste what has been unavailable for so long. Some visitors come for the music, some for the art, and still others to experience Cuban culture through its cuisine.
Take Your Selfies Now, Britain's Red Phone Boxes Face Uncertain Future Going... going... gone.
How To Travel Milan In Just One Day The time between when you have to get to the airport (to check in your luggage and get rid of it) and when the flight actually
The Ultimate NYC Guide To St. Patrick's Day While you may have the luck of the Irish on your side, without a little planning and foresight, your day of celebrating could
Universal Orlando Is The Closest To Willy Wonka You're Ever Gonna Get Don't care how, we want it NOW.
Universal Studios' New 'Walking Dead' Attraction Is Not For The Faint Of Heart Zombies, start your engines.
You've Probably Been Saucing Your Pasta All Wrong There are things we Italians know how to do by tradition, as we learned them at home and, in some cases, through pure instinct
And Narcissus Blushed -- Brazil's Beauty Spots, Selfiedom's Mecca The selfie craze is a worldwide pandemic, from Afghanistan to Zimbabwe, from the North Pole to its southern counterpoint, and never did this become clearer than on a recent visit to two of Brazil's famed sites.
Sad Data Reveals Baby Boomers' Biggest Regret Is Not Traveling Enough It's never too late to start traveling more.
If You Think Flying Is Bad Now, Check Out This Terrifying Vintage Airplane Cabin No, thank you.
The Best Hotels In Rome For Anyone On A Budget Save the money for copious amounts of pizza.
A Friendly Reminder That There Were 0 Fatal Jetliner Accidents Last Year \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4f
What To Do If You Only Have One, Three Or Five Hours In Florence Make the most out of a short period of time.
The Diamond Cliffs, Brazil's Gem of a National Park I'm flat on my belly, atop a perpendicular cliff, 280 feet above a gaping void, in the wilds of north-eastern Brazil, inching forward like a demented caterpillar, ever closer to my personal Armageddon, my every limb tingling with vertigo, just to catch a glimpse, far below, of the crashing finale of a dramatic waterfall, otherwise hidden from view in any sane human posture.
3 Italian Desserts Anyone With A Sweet Tooth Must Try Cos\u00ec dolce!
New Harry Potter World Will Serve Real-Life Treats Straight From The Book So magical.
An Inside Look At The Smallest Medieval Village Near Tuscany Quaint, cozy and relaxing. What more could you want?
Where To Eat A Day's Worth Of Meals In Florence Eat like a local.
Disney's New 'Cars' Ride Is Totally Worth A Trip To The Park We can't stop laughing already.
This Pilot Just Bent The Rules To Make EVERYone's Day Better A friendly reminder that air travel is awesome.
The Best Italian Winter Salads Have A Surprising Thing In Common Here\u2019s the surprise
Cheap Spring Break Spots Because You Probably Haven't Booked Yet It's okay. We got you. \ud83d\ude0d
There's A Wine Better Than Prosecco And You've Never Heard Of It Both are Italian whites, and both are bubbly. But what\u2019s the difference between Prosecco and Franciacorta? This is what I
The Lighter Way To Cook Lasagna This dish, an extravaganza of flavors but also of calories that will delight you but leave you feeling full all day, is one
7 Seattle Themed Filters to Live By \u00a9 Michelle Moore When I asked her how the world could encapsulate the spirit of Seattle wherever they were, here is what she came up with.
The Perfect Stock Recipe Only Takes 30 Minutes There are recipes that, at least in Italy, are more than food
You're Missing The Point Of Your Family Vacation Compromise is king.
These Airline Tricks Will Make You Pay More For Your Checked Bags British Airways shouldn\u2019t have charged Jim Arnold and his wife $400 for their checked bags. After all, the couple were flying
The \u2018Titanic II\u2019 Will Bring History To Life With Its 2018 Maiden Voyage Believe it or not, but Titanic II is in the works \u2014 and we\u2019re not talking about a sequel to the seminal 1997 film.
Everything You've Ever Wanted To Know About Parmesan Animal feeds The cows that provide the milk for Grana Padano are fed with grass or silage, or grain stored in large silos
4 Italian Recipes That Are Entirely Black And White PARSLEYED PAPPARDELLE WITH CAVIAR\u00a0(Serves four) 250 g (8.8 oz) flour\u00a0 2 eggs and 1 yolk 25 g (0.9 oz) fresh parsley 1 small
This Remote Corner Of Iceland Is Total, Magical Bliss Ticket booked. \ud83d\udc4d
Five Ways To Explore Tokyo Just Like Rev Run \Konichiwa. It means good afternoon, but it's just a word saying hello.\
5 Places In Milan That Only The Locals Know About For budding botanists:\u00a0Quartiere di Brera The Botanic Garden, created in 1774 by Empress Maria Theresa of Austria, is a peaceful
Airlines Are Making Billions Off Our Miserable Travel Experiences ...and all we get are free pretzels.
Where The Locals Eat Breakfast, Lunch And Dinner In Rome Rome is not Milan. Moving from one part of the city to another can take hours (no exaggeration, just try). So here are some
6 Movies To Help You Get To Know Famous Italian Men Sometimes it just takes a couple of hours\u2014the duration of a movie\u2014to understand how mysterious mechanisms work, in this case
The Best Ways To Prepare Amaranth, The Italian Vegetable CRUMBLY CAKE (Serves six) 250 g (8.8 oz) potato flour 50 g (1.8 oz) amaranth flour 10 g (0.35 oz) toasted amaranth 3 eggs
Thanks to the TSA, it's a Confusing Time to Fly These are confusing times for airline passengers. In recent weeks, the government has made two surprising policy changes
Tarsiers, the World's Smallest Primate It has the largest eyes of any mammal in relation to its body size (each eye is heavier than its brain), it bears the largest baby in relation to its adult size, and it is arguably the world's smallest primate -- at barely a hand's length.
Antarctica The Patagonian Linea Sur ('Southern Line' -- named after the railway line that passes through its inhospitable territory) is a high, dry plateau of extensively grazed, scrubby steppe.
Hilarious Map Proves That Every City Is The Same Damn Place Do you live near the \ugly bridge everyone hates?\
The Most Popular Italian Wedding Destinations For Celebrities But Venice, the world\u2019s most romantic city, is still the top choice. The eighteenth-century palazzi lining the Grand Canal
Harrison Ford To Unveil 'Star Wars' Plans For Disney's Theme Parks Han Solo returns to a galaxy far, far away... sort of.
This Airbnb In New York City Is Specially Designed For 'Netflix And Chill' It was bound to happen, right? Right.
The Best Wines To Pair With These Classic Italian Meals LASAGNA Wine pairing:\u00a0Sangiovese di Romagna Superiore DOC Why
11 Dishes From Southeast Asia That Americans NEED To Try Your taste buds will thank you.
How United Airlines is Making a Customer Service Comeback Like a 747 loaded to capacity, United Airlines is rising \u2014 slowly, steadily and improbably. \u201cI thought I was imagining it
Yes, We Have Sloths, But No Pink Dolphins Now endemic only to Central and South America, sloths once roamed much further afield throughout the Americas, and some extinct species reached the size of an elephant.
Todos Santos Next time you're vacationing down at western Mexico's beach resort at Los Cabos consider a visit to the nearby town of Todos Santos.
We Are All This Flight Attendant 'Happy' To Get Out Before The Storm \u266b \Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth.\ \u266b
3 Italian Medieval Villages You Don't Want To Miss The atmosphere is from another era, the silence a guarantee, the quiet a certainty. There are villages in Italy which know
So THAT'S Why Airplane Windows Are Round It's #science.
You Don't Want To Miss This Tiny Tuscan Village Pienza is located in the heart of Val D\u2019Orcia. It is famous for being the city of Pope Pio II, born Enea Silvio Piccolomini
Be Careful Which Credit Card You Use To Book A Trip Play it right, and you'll score BIG $$$.
You Can Have Valentine's Day Dinner At Hogwarts Because Life Is Magical \u266c \Let my love alohomora the door to your heart.\ \u266c
4 Classic Italian Wines That Are Easily Available In The U.S. Not only the beloved Prosecco, Barolo and Brunello and Super Tuscans or Barbaresco
Disneyland Shows How 'Star Wars' Expansion Will Change Its River New riverfront will feature waterfalls and a train trestle.
These Are The 10 Worst Habits Of Airplane Passengers What kind of traveler are you?
14 Intimate Shots Of Famous Italian Hotels TREMEZZINA, LAKE COMO
Fall In Love With Arizona In 15 Seconds Or Less There's adventure and romance hiding in the Grand Canyon State.
8 Italian Prosecco Bottles For Under $15 Italian bubbly has taken the English-speaking market by storm. The announcement came this past spring
What TSA's New Scanner Rules Mean For Your Next Flight The Transportation Security Administration's new rules for screening passengers with its controversial full-body scanners -- which were quietly changed just before the busy holiday travel season -- represent a significant policy reversal that could affect your next flight.
36 Hours in the Desert of West Texas The frontier land in the desert, the last bit of North American soil and rocks, the tall cliffs is where the greenish Rio Grande calmly slithers against the massive mountains separating the two lands, Mexico and the USA.
The One Travel Resolution You Need to Make This year I've made only one travel resolution. And I do think that it's the most important one of all
Celebrate New Year's Eve All Over The World With This Livestream From the comfort of your own home.
Top 10 Best Places To Travel In 2016 Getting in shape, staying in touch with friends
Twister Seat Could Make Flying Coach Way More Comfortable This. Is. Major.
6 Quotes That Perfectly Sum Up Why Obama Loves Hawaii \You can\u2019t really understand Barack until you understand Hawaii.\
7 Reasons Every Traveler Should Be Pumped For 2016 It's gonna be a BIG one.
Here's What Airport Customs REALLY Does With Your Contraband Food They call it The Grinder.
How To Toast The New Year In 19 Different Countries Who needs a drink?
Instagram's Favorite Travelers Will Inspire You To Pack Your Bags Instagram-stalking our favorite travelers can be almost as satisfying as traveling ourselves -- it's free, after all! When
Monkey Business Around the World Monkeys are the most widely scattered primates around the world after humans, and they never cease to delight with their antics - as opposed to humans.
The Joy of Flying American Is Far From Assured I recently regained my elite status on American Airlines. For most of the past five years, I've had some form of status, although that changed this year.
7 Things Americans Can Learn From Life In Spain It's more than just a \fiesta.\
College Tourist Student Guide to Bangkok, Thailand What comes to mind when BANGKOK is brought up? Luxury or affordability? Skyscrapers or forgotten buildings in disrepair? The city is an eclectic mix of all of the above. Bangkok charms its visitors with unexpected pleasantries as well as a day to day hustle & bustle.
Here Be Dragons The flocking of the Victorians to the Swiss Alps was not about growing crops, grazing animals, or extracting minerals. It was about observing, feeling, and articulating a personal response.
How To Avoid Extra Baggage Fees At The Airport Are you dreading the scale\u2026for your luggage at the airport check-in?
Why You Should Consider Vacationing At A Vineyard PIEDMONT
21 Travel Photos That'll Re-Ignite Your Sense Of Wanderlust Feed the flame. \ud83d\udd25
17 Reasons Buffalo Isn't Just Snow And Chicken Wings The New York city is wildly underrated.
How Does A Budget-Friendly Christmas In Rome Sound? You can eat outdoors, scoot around on a Vespa, swim in a warm pool, and eat and sleep without maxing out your credit card
QUIZ \ud83c\udde8\ud83c\udde6  \ud83c\uddeb\ud83c\uddf7  \ud83c\uddff\ud83c\udde6  \ud83c\udde6\ud83c\uddfa  \ud83c\udde8\ud83c\udded   \ud83c\uddf8\ud83c\uddec
Almonds With Fish Is The Healthy Food Combination To Try INGREDIENTS 600g. of cuttlefish parsley 1 celery stick 1 carrot 3 bunches of chard 200g. of tomatoes extra virgin olive oil
Disney, SeaWorld & Universal Add Metal Detectors To Park Entrances Disney will also have dogs to detect explosives.
State Street Ballet Has The Perfect Way To Spend A 5-Hour Layover Now that's how you kill time.
Three Good Reasons To Skip the Airport Lounge Most domestic lounges are so terrible that it's hard for me to feign any enthusiasm for them these days. Even the freebies, from the Milanos to the lamps, aren't worth it in my opinion. And who the hell needs a lamp for their flight?
The Ultimate Winter Getaways In Italy Rediscover the mountains of times past, off the beaten path. Between wooden chalets where fireplaces are always lit, cross
Here's What An Average Day In Milan Looks Like CHIESA DI SANTO CRISTOROFO Via S. Cristoforo, 3 20144 Milan CANNOTTIERI MILANO Societa\u0300 Cannottieri Milano Social Club Milano
Body-Painted Man Hides Perfectly Within Famous Landmarks Unreal.
Going To A National Park Anytime Soon? Don't Be A Dummy About It. Elk have antlers and you do not.
California Now Shares A Rare Cross-Border Airport With Mexico Sleek new terminal links San Diego to Tijuana International.
The World's Oldest Tree Looks Very Familiar At just 16 feet tall, Old Tjikko is tiny compared to its 180-foot siblings on the Fulufj\u00e4llet Mountain in Sweden, but it has the proud stature of a great redwood -- standing a little straighter as the oldest single-stemmed clonal tree in the world.
The 5 Most Beautiful Places In The World Pinpointing every breathtaking place on the planet could take a lifetime, but we think that these 5 otherworldly landscapes and awe-inspiring natural wonders need to move to the very top of your travel bucket list.
These Old Italian Villages Were Transformed Into Dozens Of Hotels Alberghi diffusi are true gems created in communities where you can breathe in the history.\u00a0A model of responsible tourism
The Amalfi Coast Is Worth Visiting, Even In Winter The Regina Isabella introduced the Italian front. Angelo Rizzoli, the Milanese publishing magnate and film producer (Cineriz
This Corgi's Travel Woes Were A Doggone Nightmare \She took a little bit of a vacation to Honolulu.\
The Battlefields of Lake George and Ticonderoga 
The Obscure Airline Term You Need To Know About Before Booking Flights You booked a flight to London from your local airport with a stop at New York-JFK along the way. Both hops have the same flight number, so it must be a \direct\ flight - meaning it's the same plane all the way, even though it stops once. Right? Not necessarily.
The Historic Hotel Casa del Mar - A Southern California Gem One great refuge is the Hotel Casa del Mar in Santa Monica. Perfectly located before the sea just steps from the ocean, the hotel was first built in 1926 as a glamorous beach club.
The World' Most Spectacular Ceilings That Prove The Best View Is Always Up Just breathtaking.
11 Ways Hawaii Feels Like A Foreign Country You don't need a passport, but it sure does feel like it sometimes.
How To Avoid Being A Jerk On Your Family Holiday Road Trip You know what they say
New And Fun Ways To Eat Out In Italy BREAKING DOWN THE MENU When you add up the whims of difficult customers, the\u00a0worries about not gaining weight, and the philosophy
The Worst Cities For Thanksgiving Traffic, According To Google Don't mess with Texas. \ud83d\ude2c
Three Italian Takes On Spaghetti And Tomato Sauce \u201cCome on, let\u2019s make (or \u2013 in the lazy version\u2014make me) some spaghetti with tomato sauce.\u201d If you\u2019re Italian, you\u2019ve uttered
14 Great Things to Do in Southern Delaware As one 20-something former New York City dweller admitted to me, \I came to Lewes to visit my retired parents and ended up staying myself.\ Southern Delaware can have that effect on  people.
Is it Wrong to Outfox an Airline at its Own Game? Andrea Eldridge, who runs a computer repair business in Redding, Calif., says the hack shouldn't give either side an unfair advantage. So for her, doing something like clearing her Web browser's cookies -- a strategy that some travelers believe can result in lower airfares -- is on the up-and-up.
How to Avoid Holiday Travel Headaches 
Traveling Safe In A World of Terrorist Threats Terrorism aimed at civilians leads to justifiable fears about our dangerous world. If we love to travel we need to continue to travel
Soon Delta Won't Let You Check A Pet As Baggage The change is going to make it a little ruff to fly with your doggies, but safer for them.
The New 'Wizarding World Of Harry Potter' Hollywood Looks Perfect Mischief managed.
Don't Fall Victim To These Tourist Scams On Your Next Vacation Yikes!
These Sleek New Supersonic Jets Will Likely Start Flights In 2023 Pack your bags.
There's An Epic Jersey Shore Hot Rod Race You Need To See Gentlemen, start yer engines. \ud83d\ude97
The Black Friday And Cyber Monday Travel Deals To Book ASAP Get ready for some major flash sales.
Airline Employee's Singing Tribute To Veteran Will Give You Chills So touching.
The 5 Airports You Should Avoid At All Costs This Thanksgiving Travel if you dare.
What Happens When A Travel Company Drops a Fee? This. Hertz has quietly dropped one of the car rental industry's most unpopular surcharges
The Chef, the Designer, the Dish and the Location Dubai -- like the Manhattan of Julian Schnabel and Jean-Michel Basquiat -- is a land of visionaries and pioneers, but also a megalopolis that is achieving its stellar place on the jet setting world map at dizzying speeds.
Zombie-Like Shelf Cloud Barrels Through Sydney, Australia Just \roll\ with it.
The Worst Day To Fly Isn't When You Think But it's coming up soon.
Virgin America's New Flight Route Is A Match Made In Travel Heaven Finally! \ud83d\ude4c
This Concept Jet Could Fly From London To NYC In 30 Minutes It's 10 times the speed of sound!
The Most Haunted Places In The U.S. Get in the \spirit.\ \ud83d\udc7b
Loaded for Bear - A Day in the Death of a Grizzly 
These Photos Of Abandoned Places Around The World Are REAL Creepy Look if you dare.
A Toe in the Arctic Ocean 
The Best Hotels For Sleep In The U.S. Check in, and zone out. \ud83d\ude34
19 Of Hawaii's Most Epic Photo Ops Do it for the 'gram.
There's A Star Trek Cruise, And William Shatner Is Captain Sail long and prosper. \u270c
You Can Order Room Service With Emojis. Peak Laziness Is Upon Us. \ud83d\udc4f\ud83c\udfe8 \ud83d\udca5
JetBlue Is Offering $49 Flights In A 2-Day Flash Sale Sunshine awaits. \ud83c\udf34
Disney's New 'Frozen' Plane Makes It Harder Than Ever To 'Let It Go' No, Elsa will not be a flight attendant.
Don't Lose Your Reservation - Here's How Despite the sophisticated technology used in today's reservation systems -- or maybe because of it -- data goes missing from time to time. Fortunately, there are ways to recover your reservation and salvage your trip.
Two Canadian Cities That Are Yours To Discover Toronto and Montreal's skylines are a contrast between new and old. They outline the differences between the two cities.
Amy Schumer Faces A Flight Attendant's Worst Nightmare on 'SNL' \I was OUTSIDE OF THE PLANE!\
This Is THE Week To Book Holiday Flights For 2015 Don't be left ho-ho-hopeless.
Frolicking Whales Give Kayakers The Ultimate Surprise What a BREACH of privacy! \ud83d\udc0b
The First Aerodrome in Paris -- Where Hot-Air Balloons Came to Land -- Is Now a Hotel When Paris had an airfield where such flying apparatus were in fashion and in frequent use, the landing field where the montgolfi\u00e8res used to touch down was this vast expanse of grass inside the city perimeter, where the 16th arrondissement is now located.
Discovering Prince Edward Island and Buying a House at the End of the World A few years after first discovering Prince Edward Island as a single mom with two young children, I invited my second husband, Dan, to see the island for the first time. I was beyond nervous. What if Dan saw this island and shrugged his shoulders?
Here's What New York City's Residents Looked Like 400 Years Ago (We're talking about the animals.)
Longest Nonstop Flights May Be Getting Longer The distance you'll be able to fly nonstop, assuming you actually want to do so, may be getting longer. Emirates recently announced that it will begin flying nonstop between Dubai and Panama City, Panama on a 17 hour, 35 minute schedule. Service is set to start February 1, 2016.
Kerry Washington's Must-Have Carry-On Item For Long Flights And Olivia Pope's, too.
10 Totally Travel-Worthy Fall Events Summer is on the way out. Time to tuck your swimsuit away in the bottom drawer and break out the wool sweater. But don't despair just yet, summer lovers! There's a ton of happenings around the globe this autumn that will have you greeting cooler temps with a grin.
Scary Video Shows What It's Like To Drive Through A Burning Town The fire burned through 67,000 acres in four days.
The Fight To Be The Oldest Bar In New York City HuffPost investigates.
Spain's Swankiest Seaside Lounges Trivago presents 6 luxurious Spanish hotels offering panoramic views of the sea, live music all day and innovative cuisine and mixology for a new way to relax on the beach.
Sick Of Light Pollution? Head To A National Park, Study Says. It turns out we can actually do a lot toward fixing light pollution.
Traveling in a Changing Climate What happens when you travel to your Labor Day adventure destination, and you discover that it's no longer there? How does something like that even happen?
Trip to Monopoli Excitement rippled through us as my husband and I packed for our first trip to Italy! Celebrating our 35th wedding anniversary, we had tickets for Alitalia to Rome, then on to Monopoli, a small town on a cliff overlooking the Adriatic Sea.
Seeing the Best of Stockholm, Turku, and Helsinki in a Week 
The Most Pet-Friendly Vacation Spots In The U.S. You guys deserve a getaway.
Barrow, Northernmost Town in the U.S. Barrow, the northernmost town in the United States, 350 miles north of the Arctic Circle, is a bit of a mess. It can't even make up its mind how far it actually is from the North Pole, let alone from its southern counterpoint.
Have Air Travelers Reached Their Breaking Point Yet? What's your breaking point? When do you say, \That's it -- I'm never flying again!\ It's no academic question for America's airlines, which continue to provoke passengers with new fees, surcharges and rules. They want to know when their customers would rather stay home.
Besides Weaving Lavender, Sipping Olive Oil and Roaming Roman Ruins - What is There to Do and See in Saint-R\u00e9my de Provence? Outside of the central market plaza, on the stairs of the church, yes the church, weavers display hundreds of colorful wicker baskets, from the traditional Proven\u00e7al natural straw ones to some more elaborate versions in pinks and purples, blues and oranges.
'Bad In-Flight Announcements' Mocks The Horrors Of Flying They get it.
'Man Buns Of Disneyland' Is The Happiest Place On Instagram Meet your new Disney heroes.
World's First 'Star Wars' Plane Takes Flight From All Nippon Airways And the crowd goes wild.
This Will Make You Never Want To Check A Bag Again Airlines really are the worst.
India Is Home To The World's First Completely Solar-Powered Airport The government is urging other airports to copy Cochin International Airport's power system.
Labor Day Flights Will Be Some Of The Busiest EVER, Experts Predict Buckle up -- it's gonna be a looong ride.
How One Photographer Found Peace And Freedom On The Road A young Frenchman's journey through America to find himself
European Vacation -- in Philadelphia! Of course it felt a bit like an outpost of the gorgeous museum in Paris -- but without seeming imitative or second best.  This museum had its own special grace and logic.
Pay Dirt or Fool's Gold? Panning in Fairbanks Yes, we're panning for gold at Gold Dredge 8 just outside Fairbanks, and Yours Truly -- of course -- is doing it all wrong. They keep on coming over to show me how to shake the pan once I've got water in it. It seems I'm using a self-pleasuring motion instead of a full-blooded hearty to-and-fro swing.
Live Like Royalty -- Even if Only for a Saturday Night Last night, we decided to escape the heat of the city by leaving Paris for the evening, and it worked -- the temperature was actually a bit lower in the countryside, a relief after a hard day's heat wave.
5 Tips for Planning a Fun Cruise With Kids After our latest fun and relaxing cruise with our kids, I've come to the realization that I wouldn't mind cruising with them at least once a year. This is our third cruise as a family, my 10th in general, and, I have to say, each year cruising together gets easier.
Cultural London Which of the world's museums is the most Googled? It's London's Science Museum. I recently spent an hour in the museum's permanent exhibit of information technology through the ages and I can see why.
Flight Attendant\u2019s Hilarious In-Flight Safety Demo Goes Viral Seatbelts and oxygen masks have never seemed so funny.
Air Traffic Controllers' Chronic Fatigue Poses 'Significant Risk' To Airline Safety In Secret Government Study WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 A study the government kept secret for years says that air traffic controllers' work schedules often lead
A Hilariously Accurate Depiction Of What Budget Airlines Are Really Like Beware of the $1 beer.
Getting Down and Dirty with Mt. Denali/McKinley 
Jennifer Aniston And Justin Theroux's Breathtaking Honeymoon Spot We'll just be here watching \Friends\ reruns. Ugh.
Senate Report Slams Airlines For Their 'Confusing' Fees There appears to be no connection between the price of checked bag fees and the costs incurred by the airlines that impose them.
Could A 1-Hour Flight From NYC to London Really Ever Exist? Airbus has\u00a0patented an \ultra-rapid air vehicle\\u00a0that would move at more than four times the speed of sound, making the trip
These Views Can Be Yours With One Hot Air Balloon Ride It could take a while to walk through Turkey's transcendental forest of fairy chimneys -- rock formations formed by ancient
These Daring Cliff Divers Take Adventure Travel To New Heights Do not try this at home. Obviously.
Creepy Photos Of Abandoned Insane Asylums Will Keep You Up At Night In Victorian England,\u00a0a\u00a0growing population and a lack of medical understanding resulted in a proliferation of so-called insane
These Otherworldly Photos Of Alaska Will Help You Escape The Heat Just when we needed them most.
Mou Waho Scenic Reserve Is The Stunning Island You've Never Heard Of An island in a lake in an island in a lake in an island in the ocean.
Frontier Offers $38 Flights In 'Little Fares, Big Cities' Flash Sale Pack your bags.
9 Must-Have Features From Airports LGA Should Totally Borrow 4. Meditation rooms Travel is stressful, \u00a0there's no denying it. And to curb that stress, why not visit a meditation room
There's A Free 270-Foot Waterslide Coming To New York City Get your swimsuit on and your sunscreen out, New York, because there's a crazy-long waterslide headed your way.\u00a0\u00a0 The 270
Juneau, The Jewel in Alaska's Crown The location is spectacular -- separated by the narrow Gastineau Channel from Douglas Island, surrounded on all sides by snow- and glacier-capped mountains gouged into tortured folds and precipices by the retreating glaciers of the ice age.
6 Perfect Places To Honeymoon And Leave Your Smartphone Out Of It 4. Fire Lookouts, U.S.A. Fire lookouts are used across America's national forests to watch for signs of forest fires. At
This Is What It's Like To Free Dive With Whales When filmmaker and photographer Michaela Skovranova and her family moved from Slovakia to Sydney, they jumped into the big
How To Get Over Those Post-Vacation Blues Coming down from the high of a vacation can be depressing, but Michael \Dr. Woody\ Woodward, author of The YOU Plan, has
Meet the Man Who Flies Around the World for Free Ben Schlappig is a master of flying around the world \u2014\u00a0at no cost to himself.
JFK Airport's New All-Animal Terminal Is Ahead Of The Pack The dog and pony show is headed to New York's John F. Kennedy Airport. When a\u00a0new terminal called The Ark opens opens next
Ketchikan's Kitschy, But Misty Is a Must There's hardly a cloud in the sky, the fjords are bathed in glorious sunlight belying their name, and the panoramas that are usually shrouded in clouds and rain are superb.
JetBlue Offering $64 Flights In Extended Summer Flash Sale You're not the only one who needs a getaway... and JetBlue knows it. On the heels of other big sales this summer from Southwest
We Tried To Find The Non-Creepiness In This New Airbnb Ad Campaign, But Failed Airbnb\u00a0wants you to stay in stranger's homes -- this, we know. But in a series of tweets and an odd YouTube video\u00a0ad released
Chilling Out with the Great Gods on Samothrace 
Steps to Becoming More Adventurous Studying abroad can be one of the most adventurous things a college student can experience. You see the world and your perspective on life changes for the better. You become appreciative to other country's culture, traditions, history and architecture.
Traveling in Britain During a Transit Strike? Log On to Twitter. Our travel days coincided with not one but two prospective industrial actions, and, as usual, it was difficult to get reliable and useful updates from news media -- or indeed from railroad employees, at least one of whom was a positive volcano of misinformation.
12 Hour Destination Guide to Bled, Slovenia While Slovenia is commonly overlooked in European vacations, it is one of the most beautiful countries. Not only is the food amazing and the people friendly, the country never feels tourist heavy. No matter the restaurant, bar or museum, it feels as if you are always surrounded by locals.
Surviving a Weekend in Berlin Whenever I would travel around Europe meeting new people, I always got the same response when I told them I was studying in Berlin. From \how are you alive right now?\ to \how many beers can you drink?\ to \you must rave every weekend,\ the reaction was overwhelmingly consistent.
Surviving a Weekend in Berlin 
The International WiFi Struggle It all sounds trivial, but I've made friends with Germans in Amsterdam, bonded with Kiwis in Copenhagen and gotten to know Brits in Madrid all because we were trying to figure out how to log in to the hostel's WiFi.
A Beyonc\u00e9-Inspired Building Will Soon Be A Real Thing In Australia Girls run the world, and\u00a0Beyonc\u00e9\u00a0officially runs the world down under.\u00a0 Premier Tower is a 68-story skyscraper slated to
FAO Schwarz, Soon Gone But Never Forgotten It's truly the end of an era. FAO Schwarz, beloved toy store and iconic fixture in New York City history will officially
Virgin America Offering $38 Flights In 'Biggest Deal Of The Year' Virgin America is offering flights as low as $38 during an epic 8-hour flash sale, which the airline calls its \Biggest Deal of the Year.\
How To Perfect The Art Of Haggling On Airbnb My general policy as a host is to turn away hagglers because it signals a problem guest. It's still possible, though, to get a confirmed booking and save some money without irritating a host so much they end up declining a guest's inquiry outright. The trick is learning how to do it delicately.
The Secret Vegas Hotel Rooms You Didn't Know Existed In a city where everything seems possible with a show of your billfold, there are some experiences that simply can't be bought. Take, for instance, the hotel villas dotting the Vegas Strip that are swathed in secrecy -- many with their own guarded entrances -- and available only to each casino's favorite guests.
Greek Isles As we hit the heart of summer, many people are planning that trip away. Husbands and wives, lovers as well as people in a relationship all look to a vacation to rekindle romance or jumpstart affection.
Brilliant 'Airhook' Invention Could Solve The Legroom Problem Once And For All Unless you're a first-class regular, chances are\u00a0legroom\u00a0has\u00a0always been a problem on planes. But one little gadget\u00a0is here
What Travelers Need To Know About Visiting Greece Greece's debt crisis\u00a0is making headlines around the world, but that doesn't mean the country's tourism industry is crumbling
Israel Family Travel \Walk out till you're at least knee-deep in the water, then just sit down as if you're falling into an easy chair.\ It seemed impossible, but as I fell back into the water, the Dead Sea gently caught me and I floated like I was on a space walk with no gravity.
Of Ancient Muslim Slavs and Imperial Roman Highways They're called Pomaks and according to Lonely Planet their 'ethnic identity is a subject of some uncertainty, even to themselves.' But they are generally believed to be Bulgarians who converted to Islam from the early 15th century.
The Most Dangerous Beaches for Shark Attacks in the U.S. As you head to the coast for summer vacation, the slim possibility of a shark attack might be in the back of your mind. Chances are you've got nothing to worry about, but just in case, you should probably know where most shark attacks happen in the U.S.
Cana This town in northern Israel has everything but circus barkers touting its main product. Storefronts are alive with oversize signs all telling the same story
Miata in the City for the Fourth of July It's the weekend, it's the holiday and it's time to eat. So whether you're looking for the best burger or a place to sink your teeth into some authentic Mexican food with a side of tequila, look no further this Fourth of July if you're in Dallas and consider Dugg Burger or Lazaranda Modern Kitchen & Tequila.
Fast Times in Southern Indiana When you think of Southern Indiana, do images of sweeping plains, dotted with picturesque farms come to mind? Yeah, me too. The last thing I expected to find was an ornate, turn-of-the-century European-style resort, an over-the-top historic hotel or an adrenaline-laced adventure park.
15 Things To Bring On Your Summer Adventures Whether you're in a hammock, at your desk or flying through the clouds, this little velvety journal from the folks at Live Happy magazine reminds you to stay positive, be grateful, and jot down all those summer adventures.
Peru's See-Through Pod Hotel Has A Terrifyingly Awesome View This could be the most terrifying night of your life -- in the best way. True daredevils will jump at the chance to sleep
These Countries Have The Best Weather In The Whole Entire World Everyone has a different idea of primo weather, but it's safe to say that once you find your happy spot, you feel like a whole new woman.
Celebrating July 4th in France It's the July 4th weekend. My wife, Kathy, and I have a bag full of red, white and blue pinwheels, some Stars and Stripes-brand snack cakes and a packet of mini-flags. We're nearly set for a holiday blowout in the country. Strangely, none of the stores is stocked with hot dogs or chips. No one around us seems to be doing the same.
America's Best 20 Hikes Distance
Where in the World Is the Best Place to Be in June and July? We all crave that sweet serendipity of being in the right place at the right time
Cairo I couldn't hide in my bed crying all day. I was in my beloved Cairo, with my family and my favorite cousins. I needed to appear happy, enjoying myself and my vacation. And I did. Life is about the choices we make, the routes we take.
The Swing At The End Of The World Is A Wanderluster's Dream Come True Calling all lovers of adrenaline and adventure
6 Reasons Costa Rica Speaks to Every Kind of Traveler Whether you're a honeymooner, searching for a unique family getaway, or desperate for an extended girls or guys weekend only, consider Costa Rica, a country that has something to offer everyone.
10 Ways You're Sabotaging Your Ability To Sleep On A Plane Whether your goal is to squeeze in a catnap during a quick commuter flight or a half dozen REM cycles on a red-eye, these are all the ways you might be sabotaging your mile-high shuteye.
FACE IT It may be an unexpected appearance on just that kind of list that propels a place's popularity. It may be the fact that Jay Z and Beyonce were spotted, or a film was shot, there. Now, for a variety of reasons, Croatia is all the rage.
5 Bags That Fit the New Carry-on Suggestions (PHOTOS) Last week, the International Air Transport Association ruined every maximalist packer's day by recommending new, smaller carry-on sizes -- the idea being to maximize overhead space, so that every passenger has room to store a bag.
Every International Dining Rule You Need To Know, In One Chart 
Ireland's Call to the Soul With a Nissan Qashqai for Hidden Surprises Whether you're a newbie to Ireland or going back for a second visit, the country is on most folks' top 10 list because it seems to call to some sort of the unconscious part of the soul.  Indeed, it is the land of enchantment, perhaps a bit like Dorothy's Oz.
7 Amazing Vacations That Won't Sting Your Wallet The good news
Bemused in Bali 
L'Hostellerie de l'Abbaye de la Celle:LuxEcoLiving's Best Gastronomic Inns in the World Call them the seedlings of Ducasse; chefs who impart their own culinary abilities, sensibly designed and orchestrated under enormous pressure, almost a self-affliction leading to perfectionism. What else could merit his praise?
5 Experiences That Will Change the Way You See New Orleans Times change, people change - even tradition-bound New Orleans changes. Everywhere you go in the Crescent City these days, it seems like something new is going on.
Stockholm Knows How to Rock Summer 
Secret Maine Beaches Everyone has a different idea of the perfect Maine summer -- one man's breezy beach day is another's mountain climb or demolition derby.
Zihuatenejo When I think of an ideal beach vacation, I think of a tropical climate with warm water, coconut palm trees, and soft sand. And when I think of great service, I think of raising a flag on my beachside palapa to signal I'm ready for another margarita and having it delivered moments later.
Stunning Photos Show Off Landscapes Draped In Fog 
Scared of Flying? 25 Explanations for the Strange Sounds You Hear in a 747 Ok. I used to work at Boeing and repaired the computerized part of the machines which put together 747's. People not familiar with airplanes are scared because they are forced to be quiet and go along with acting normal while stuck in a tube hurtling through the air at 600 miles an hour, and 30,000 feet above the earth. What could go wrong?
Nicolina's \Hearts of India\ Tour Is Wrapping Up My niece, Nicolina, is just finishing a three-month, 7,500-mile trip around India. Her life's mission
Step out of Your Comfort Zone at Club Med CREACTIVE From afar, it looks like your usual kids' playground, what with its vibrant, fun design and printed words on the walls and on pathways aimed to inspire and motivate.
The 5 Best Coastal Drives In The World One of the most famous landmarks on the Oregon coast is Haystack Rock, forever known as Goonies Rock, thanks to its appearance at the end of the 1981 kidventure flick The Goonies.
Gear Highlight 
The Ultimate Guide to Creating Your Bucket List 7 months ago I was sitting on the beach in Thaliand with my husband gearing up to play with a local baby elephant. Suddenly my husband got an alert on his phone. He was silent for a few minutes while peering intently at the screen.
France's Foreign Minister Wants The French To Be Polite To Tourists 
The Maidstone Hotel Invited Mrs. Sizzle and Olia Saunders Over for a Sleepover with a Few Friends From ARF Hamptons One of the toughest things about being a dog is watching your owners head out on a great relaxing vacation knowing that your future does not include the trip. In the best case of scenarios, you are shipped off to have a sleepover with some of your puppy pals, but an even better idea would be to bring us along.
From Wanderlust to Global Citizen I did not grow up travelling to different countries. I had a simple and happy upbringing in a working class family of 7 in England. Mum and dad worked hard putting great food on the table, and my father would grow vegetables in the back garden.
8 Hotels That Are Excellent for Last Minute Booking 
An American Road Trip Off the Beaten Path 
15 Photos that Capture the Magic of Aviation 
Drama in the Wild Rhodope Mountains No, not psycho-drama, nor social drama, but a town in Macedonia at the foot of the Rhodope Mountains about an hour by bus from Kavala -- thus called not for any Thespian reason but apparently shortened from its classical name Hydrama meaning rich in water, which it indeed is.
Stop Right Now, This Is The Most Precious Beach Town You'll Ever See If you're not in Polignano a Mare, then you're doing it wrong. That's because this\u00a0gem of an Italian beach town is situated
These Are America's Best Sunrises And Sunsets In celebration of the solstice we present the first ever Sunny Awards for the best sunrises and sunsets nationwide. And the award goes to...
9 Striking Photos Of Borders Around The World 
Finding Unique Accommodations Around The World Let's say you're travelling to Kenya to go on safari and see the Big 5. You could stay at an amazing lodge in a breath-taking setting or make sure you can tick at least 1 of the Big 5 off your list by staying at Giraffe Manor.
11 Packing Hacks That Will Change the Way You Travel The worst aspect of traveling is packing your bags. And with the mounting fees being imposed by greedy airline executives, the art of efficiently fitting a bunch of clothes into a confined space is invaluable as ever.
The Steves Kids Head for Southeast Asia...and They're Taking You Along As a father, I am so excited that our two 20something children, Andy and Jackie, are embarking on a one-month adventure in Indonesia, Vietnam, and Thailand.
Americans Are Too Afraid To Take Vacations, Yet We Plan Them At Work All The Time Americans are too afraid and stressed to take vacation days, yet\u00a0we spend more time planning vacations at work than other
The Cleanest Airlines In The World, Because No Trip Should Be A Germfest Ahh, what a breath of\u00a0actually\u00a0fresh air. The airlines with the cleanest cabins\u00a0were announced Tuesday as part of airline
How to Cruise Around Cuba Without Breaking the Bank Booking the trip is off the To-Do list, but what about getting around town? We've put together a list of Cuba's most popular and affordable transportation options, so all you have to do is enjoy your getaway.
A Thank You Note to the Serengeti \Are you narcoleptic?\ Corny peered down at me from the Land Rover's open roof, amused. I snapped out of my haze, halting a streak of sleepy head-bobbing that would make Tony Abbott proud. Less than three days in Tanzania and I was already resembling an extra in The Walking Dead.
Giornale Adriatico-Mediterraneo Every May 15th, the Italian town of Gubbio goes nuts. Remember the samba schools that parade in Rio's annual carnival? They're the cultural expression of the Dionysiac impulse for abandon.
Kavala, Thasos, and the Joys of Off-Season Travel Even if some restaurants are still closed and bus services are reduced to a minimum, travelling off season in Greece is a pure delight.
Al Capone in the City of Brotherly Love Eastern State Penitentiary was once considered the most notable and expensive prison during its heyday and a model for over 300 other prisons throughout Asia, Europe and South America. Today, this National Historic Landmark remains in ruins as a museum in the City of Brotherly Love.
When It's Worthwhile to Pay Extra Airline Fees Whether or not the trend will spark even more industry fees is up for debate, but one thing is clear
Richard Branson Busts A Move For Unsuspecting Passengers 
Be a Part of the Festival Revelry in Bhutan Alluringly known as the land of the thunder dragon, Bhutan has been capturing the imagination of adventurous travellers since opening its gates to visitors in the '70s with the promise of Himalayan mountains blanketed in pristine forest.
Has Congress Failed Air Travelers? What has Washington done for airline passengers lately? That's the question prompted by two recent political scandals that have touched the tourism world. But the answer -- or the lack of an answer -- may be far more troubling than the alleged misconduct.
11 Hotel Bars to Die for Fantasize about sipping mai tais on a seaside cliff or rubbing elbows with society's elite? A few hours in a glamorous (and open to the public) hotel bar may do the trick. From sky high rooftops to Hawaiian beaches, here are a few hotel bars that will leave you open-mouthed and starry-eyed.
The Top 6 Hotels for Father's Day Travelers What better way to honor the man than the gift of travel? Whether he loves sports, brews, adventures or some good old-fashioned arts, culture and relaxation, we found six hotels that will be sure to make dad smile this Father's Day.
6 Awesome Bay Area Hotels to Book for the NBA Finals 
Apple vs. Android When it comes to phones and tablets, there are die-hard Apple users and those who swear by Android. But do their differing tastes in technology influence other parts of their lives?
Overheard in Minnesota, Dontcha Know? It might be too much to call this place inclusive. It's unforgiving winters -- oh, I know, you were waiting for that -- ensure that only the hearty call a place like this home. But Minneapolis is culturally diverse in a way few American cities are.
Travel By Sea Travel by boat does not simply take us from point to point -- it transports us back in time.
The 10 Best Things About House Sitting From the home owners themselves to their friends, neighbors and locals, the relationships you form will last a lifetime.
Why Austin Is The Strangest City In America This great nation\u00a0has everything from\u00a0traditional\u00a0little\u00a0beach towns to\u00a0quaint old mountain towns. And THEN\u00a0there's Austin
Provence's Pont du Gard and the Greatness of Ancient Rome Throughout the ancient world, aqueducts were like flags of stone that heralded the greatness of Rome. A visit to the Pont du Gard (the most famous and impressive surviving Roman aqueduct, near Avignon) shows how these structures still proclaim the wonders of that age.
Four Ways To Save Big On Fourth Of July Travel Fireworks, flags, food -- and pricey flights. The Fourth of July is simultaneously one of the most popular and one of the most expensive weekends to travel. While driving is a bit cheaper this year due to lower fuel costs, flying is as expensive as ever.
One-Day JetBlue Sale Has Airfare From Just $83 RT! 
The Nervous Flier's Guide To Mid-Air Bumps And Glitches Despite the reassurance that you're more likely to win the lottery or be struck by lightning than end up in an aircraft accident, you still can't brush off all nervousness when it's time to board and news headlines of tech glitches and turbulence don't help the cause. Here, we explain a few bumps that may cause flying anxiety.
Magical Marseille 
Top Tips For Disney World First-Timers Here is what you need to know before you travel to the happiest place on earth, plus tips for maximizing your time once you arrive.
Anne Frank Made Me Throw Up I first visited Amsterdam when I spent a semester abroad studying in Paris, when I was in college. School was a breeze, and it didn't require a great deal of studying, so I was able to travel every weekend. For six months I took full advantage of my time in Europe. One weekend I decided to go to Amsterdam.
Disney's New 'Frozen' Ride Looks Positively Magical In First Image \Frozen\ mania is real, and nobody\u00a0can\u00a0\let it go.\ The ultra-popular movie is soon to be\u00a0immortalized at Epcot Center in
Three Meditation Tips for Travel This meditation is one I use and recommend for when I am traveling. It is designed to be done for brief intervals. The tone it encourages is happy and light, and it will trigger a more positive vibration to accompany the traveler.
The Legacy of the French Revolution in Arles 
Disney's New 'Frozen' Ride Looks Positively Magical In First Photo \Frozen\ mania is real, and nobody can \let it go.\\nThe ultra-popular movie is soon to be immortalized at Disney World in a new ride called Frozen Ever After. Disney released the first image of the attraction on Tuesday, in a sneak peak of what looks like a positively magical adventure:
These Secret Gardens Are Perfect Little Surprises In Cities Around The World There's no better way to enjoy the warm weather than to explore the\u00a0nature a city has to offer.\u00a0 For travelers\u00a0eager
The Incredible Places In The World We Would Rather Be Today If you're ready to set off on your next big adventure, but you're not sure where to go (or, better yet, what to do), we've compiled a list of incredible things you can do in some of the most interesting places in the world.
A Change of Plans 
Waterloo The folks who hang their hats around the little Belgian village of Waterloo are shortly going to have a lot of company. That's because an expected 139,000 spectators will be headed their way for the upcoming bicentennial reenactment of the Battle of Waterloo
A Taste of Windsor, Ontario I had a fantastic meal highlighted by one of my favorite foods in Canada, poutine, which may once have been fast food, but has been served in very upscale forms for a long time now. Mine was made with shredded prime rib, and I savored it with a Pillitteri Riesling that reminded me of a terrific wine tour I did of the Niagara region years ago.
Travelers, Head To The Doghouse! 
This Could Be The Best Thing To Happen To Napping Since Beds 
5 Japanese Beaches That You're REALLY Missing Out On Here, you'll find average annual temperatures of 74 degrees, and more than 100 islands stretched over 435 miles of ocean.
10 Stunning Photos From The 2015 Nat Geo Traveler Photo Contest 
Mexico Debuts Quickie Immigration Clearance for Some Arrivals at Popular Airports The lines will likely get even longer next year when current caps on transborder flight frequencies are tossed out.
A Tough Hike Up Mount St. Helens When the opportunity arose for me to hike up Mount St. Helens, up to a viewpoint reached by fewer than 200 people, I jumped at the occasion. The objective was to experience the new topography, ecosystem and an array of surfaces while capturing it on the Samsung Galaxy S6 made with Corning Gorilla Glass 4.
Frontier Airlines Offers $39 Flights On Select Routes In Extended Flash Sale 'Tis the season for flash sales on flights.\u00a0 As such, Frontier Airlines has extended its \Thank You\ sale\u00a0through Friday
These Under-The-Radar Greek Islands Are Perfect Definitions Of Paradise You've heard of Santorini\u00a0and\u00a0Mykonos, but these destinations aren't the only\u00a0highlights among\u00a0the\u00a0more than 200\u00a0inhabited
My Five Tips for Sweet Summer Travel As the spring season comes to a close, we can faintly hear the siren song of summer not too far in the distance. For many, summer is an escape, a freedom from daily tedium, and an opportunity to relax under the sun's warm rays.
5 Tips After Surviving Minor Car Accidents It brings us to the assumption that a person who's driving since he was a teenager can have as much as 4 minor accidents in his lifetime. Before the mishap occurs - hopefully not - make sure you know all the appropriate course of actions following a minor car accident.
On Top of the Pont du Gard Aqueduct The Romans left behind some impressive examples of engineering in their first province. The Pont du Gard is one of the most striking, and one of the most visited sights in all of France. And even after many visits, I'm forever impressed by the ability of the ancient Roman engineers.
10 Beauty Products To Turn Your Long-Haul Flight Into A Personal Spa There's nothing like a 15-hour flight to make you feel the full effects of aging 15 hours (or years). Cramped seats, dry air, noisy and nosy neighbors. It can be hard to relax.
The 15 Worst Decisions You Can Make On Vacation You know just how important it is to make every ounce of that paid time off count.
New Airplane Seating Chart Makes Summer Travel A Lot Less Comfortable There's even spaces designated for notoriously annoying passengers.
Potash Evaporation Ponds Are A Technicolor Surprise In Utah's Desert Is that\u00a0a tropical beach, or the Utah desert? If you're driving along\u00a0State Route 279\u00a0near\u00a0Arches National Park\u00a0outside Moab
Beersheba -- Where Abraham Swore an Oath Today, Beersheba is a modern university town of some 200,000 people, at 25 miles from the Gaza strip further than either Sderot or Netivot, though still within range of incoming grad rockets that have at times pummelled the city.
How to Prepare for Family Road Trips With Kids and Pets Let's face it. Every time you go on a road trip, you pack way too much stuff - especially if you have children, pets or both. At times it seems better to overpack than underpack because at least you have everything on hand.
Easy Ways to Save On Your Summer Vacation to Europe Airfare prices are at their highest, crowds are at their largest and travel planning is at its most frustrating. But don't give up hope! Here are some easy ways to save money on your European vacation.
The Worst Advice You'll Ever Hear When Making Life-Changing Decisions With every life-changing decision, I've received great advice from trusted sources. But I've also heard some of the worst advice about changing my life for the better. And you'll probably hear it too.
What to Do When Your Vacation Rental Gets a Better Offer Even though you may not have any rights on paper, you can still appeal to the company to do the right thing. For example, even if a hotel is overbooked, you can ask it to \walk\ you to a comparable hotel at the same rate. A reputable property will do that.
Where To Find Luxury Lodging And Neo-Traditional Dining In Naples Sitting on that terrace with a double espresso macchiato and relishing the dreamy view, we could have been eating Pop-Tarts and we'd have been as happy as clams.
Thinking Outside the Box in Indiana From the air, the Midwest looks like a checkerboard, with squares of cornfields, pastures, and farms spread across a perfectly flat landscape. But from the ground, it can be an outside-the-box experience.
5 Ways to Enjoy All-Inclusive Luxury Travel at a Rock Bottom Price Pick a favorite tropical destination, and you'll likely find all-inclusive options that focus on the fun without compromising on variety. A close look at a resort's fine print can shave hundreds off an itinerary -- without losing that luxury travel feel. Here are five tips to make your all-inclusive experience as memorable as it is affordable.
Travel Cheat Sheet for Watching the NBA Finals LIVE 
Fiji In the 1830s, stories about the stewpots of Fiji finally brought a tsunami of pastors to the islands from the London Missionary Society, and later on canoe loads of Wesleyan Methodists from Tonga. Progress was slow at first, and a good number of soul-savers themselves ended up saved for Fijian feasts.
6 Stunning Photos From The Newly Opened One World Trade Observatory Lookin\u2019 good, NYC. The observatory at One World Trade Center opened to the public\u00a0on Friday. Sitting atop the tallest building
Netivot -- The Varanasi of Israel If Sderot is known as the Bomb Shelter Capital of the World (previous blog) Netivot, eight miles further south along the fraught border with Gaza, has been called the Varanasi of Israel, likened to Hinduism's holiest city because of its links to Jewish mysticism and miracles.
8 Reasons You Need To Travel With Your Best Friend At Least Once 
Dazzling Long-Exposure Photos Prove Slow Travel Is Always Worth It 
14 Reasons You Need To Travel With Your Best Friend At Least Once It deepens your bond. \u00a0 It'll give you stories to tell -- and lean on\u00a0-- for years.\u00a0 Travel stories are a great way to break
Survival Myths that Could Actually Kill You You might like to think that you have what it takes to survive even the most overwhelming odds. Even if you don't know all that much in the area of survival skills, you'd make it through, right?
Young & Entrepreneurial Everything started when the trio all entered the same entrepreneurship pitch competition back in 2014, where Ryan ended up winning first place and Blake was awarded runner-up. After Blake and Rita showed interest in joining Ryan, the Adventure Bucket List team was born.
Hotel California? No Thanks. Pass on CA for a Cheap Hotel This Summer No surprises here, the average price of California hotels is the highest you'll find when booking your summer vacation this year.
Universal Orlando vs. Walt Disney World With Walt Disney World and Universal Orlando mere miles from each other, it's tempting to squeeze both theme parks into one vacation. After all, each park offers something different for each member of your family.
The World's 10 Most Expensive Plane Tickets Will Blow You Away They are loaded with luxurious add-ons and bespoke services, brimming with champagne and caviar. But most of all, they have a great big whopping price tag to match.
5 New York City Oyster Joints For Every Occasion There's an oyster spot for every circumstance in New York City.
Dazzling Debut for Disneyland Diamond Celebration Shows Diamonds are Minnie's best friend too, and she proved it as Disneyland Resort kicked off its 60th anniversary in style.  Just in time for the start of summer, the two Disneyland Resort theme parks debuted three new shows, an all-new nighttime parade, fireworks show, and World of Color water and light spectacular.
The Nine Secret Cities of Newport, R.I. Getting to know Newport, Rhode Island, is -- how should I put this? -- just a bit different from touring around other famous resorts. You were thinking a quick walk-through of The Breakers or another summer mansion? Think again.
Buckets Are For Filling Up, Not Kicking Over I'm writing this post at 35,000 feet on a flight from Phoenix to Los Angeles. I just saw the Grand Canyon for the first time in my life!
Time Travel Is Possible Agree or disagree with our foreign policy or Washington bureaucracy, these are places and events I would encourage every American to visit and pay homage. Their symbolism preserves generations.
The Latest From the Cinque Terre (PHOTOS) The restaurants of the Cinque Terre make delightful seafood antipasti plates. When in the Cinque Terre, your best restaurant tip
Reflections on a Cuba Visit Havana is a fractured place--beautiful, colorful, and hopeful, but at the same time, poor, deprived, and repressed. Old Havana is full of charm, life, music, color, and tourists. It features architectural styles, including neoclassical and grand colonial, with courtyards and covered walkways, and some Art Deco.
This Arizona 'Castle' Is A Beautiful And Well-Preserved Mistake When it comes to national monuments, Montezuma's Castle near the town of Camp Verde, Arizona, is one of my favorite mistakes. The riverside cliff dwelling is believed to be made and once inhabited by the Sinagua people.
Sderot, Bomb Shelter Capital of the World This photo documentary on the Israeli border town of Sderot is not intended to get into the political argument between Israel and Palestine over who is right and who is wrong but merely to take a walk through a town that has earned the title of Bomb Shelter Capital of the World for its ubiquitous reinforced shelters against the hailstorm of rockets and mortars from Gaza.
The Scam Every Traveler Should Know About 
6 Reasons Why Airbnb is the Best. 
Local Places Moms Love Anyone can Google top tourist attractions, but we really wanted to uncover true city gems. Where's the best place to grab a burger? A great park to let the kids run wild? The roof top terrace that has the best view of the city?
Packing Essentials for a Summer in Barcelona Summers in Barcelona can get insanely hot, so it's best to pack light clothing to help you stay cool. Barcelona is also a fashionable city, so don't be afraid to add more color and print to your wardrobe!
The One Bag Challenge I promise I'm not a magical travel-genius, as much as I probably claim to be around my family/friends. But the fact of the matter is, traveling light is one of the best things you could ever do to yourself... and it's surprisingly easy.
The Best Way To Travel Through Asia? On A Scooter, Of Course When in Asia, do what the locals do
Savor the South at One of These Summer Festivals Georgia's private Sea Island will open to the public for its first-ever festival of Southern food, beverages and music. The three-day festival beginning June 19 will take place within the various resort properties that comprise the exclusive Sea Island resort complex.
Travel Essentials for the Stylish Man It would help if everyone paid the tiniest bit of attention to personal style, if not for one's self than for the comfort of one's immediate neighbors in the air.
A Land Where Writers Are Revered In the beginning, there existed an island -- uninhabited but for the Arctic fox -- sculpted by snow and ice, wind, water, and fire. This wild, windswept land had no name, until settlers arrived in the 10th century, and made this place their home.
Leaving on a Jet Plane Do you feel that your summer vacation is always too short? Are you sick of the rainy weather at home or are you just bored with your everyday routine? If so, why not consider moving abroad?
On Your Lebanon and Mine When author, poet, and painter Gibran Khalil Gibran wrote about his Lebanon at the age of thirty-seven, he had been in exile for twelve years. The country he knew was probably long gone, though of coure, he would never find that out; he only returned to his native village, Becharre, to be buried there in 1931.
Anderson Cooper Explains His Love Affair With Brazil Magical is the word people most often use to describe Trancoso. I understand why, but that word always makes me wince. I don't quite trust it. The first time I visited Brazil in 2001, a friend in Rio kept telling me how magical Trancoso was.
Exploring Yosemite National Park With Kids The beauty about visiting a park like Yosemite is that everything one can do is already there, and the best way to enjoy it all is to keep a slow and steady pace, all while embracing the fact there's no way to cover the entire park in one trip.
This Airplane Seat Can Tell If You're Nervous Not everyone feels totally\u00a0calm on an airplane. And in the future, your\u00a0seat may be able to\u00a0tell. The FlightBeat app\u00a0is\u00a0designed
This Is The Weirdest Airline Safety Video Ever 
Tacky Tuscan Tourist Trap? San Gimignano comes off as a pretty greedy place during the day. (But at night, they've made their money, and the place becomes more romantic.)
Is This the Most Loved Airline in the U.S.? The popular low-cost airline had the fewest complaints for March 2015 overall, at just 0.46 complaints filed with the government for every 100,000 passengers.
The Cheapest U.S. Cities To Fly To This Summer A quick summer getaway should NOT\u00a0be expensive, and\u00a0flights are often the\u00a0most costly\u00a0part of a trip. So why not plan a summer
Know Instantly Which Side Your Car's Gas Tank Is on Of course, there is a way to know. Of course, I'm stupid and don't pay attention. That's because there's an indicator on the car's dashboard that tells you where the fuel door is.
An Atheist in Athos - Part 2 Megisti Lavra perches majestically atop a cliff 520 feet above the crashing foam and rocks, more like a small walled town. On the outside, you have the regulation square tower and the jutting painted wooden balconies. Within, there are a whole series of buildings.
The 15 Unfriendliest Cities in America (PHOTOS) While cities like New Orleans and Minneapolis/St.Paul got accolades for rolling out the red carpet, 15 other cities, or at least their locals, didn't seem to make that connection with readers. To be fair, the surliest cities also tend to be the biggest and most fast-paced, which may give visitors an air of indifference -- whether it's intentional or not.
Flying to Europe Just Got Easier Seasonal routes that take a hiatus in the colder months resume this month and next
3 B&Bs That Meet Gluten-Free Needs From scones to pancakes, and hot cakes to corn beef hash, bed and breakfasts have made a dietary restriction into delectable dishes that are enticing to all.
School's Out Whether you've recently graduated and you're traveling the world, you're about to spend your summer abroad or you're just planning a road trip with friends, get ready for some great adventures.
An Optical Illusion Makes Lake S\u00f8rv\u00e1gsvatn Look Absolutely Trippy Mother Nature can be quite the trickster. Lake S\u00f8rv\u00e1gsvatn\u00a0(or Lake Leitisvatn)\u00a0in the\u00a0Faroe Islands looks like it's perched
Why the Hotel Can Be the Destination Itself In just about every urban destination I've visited I can find some property that leaves me amazed and wanting to play Eloise, whether that's London or Buenos Aires. And in Buenos Aires, that can be a trip.
The 5 Best National Parks In The World Late spring and early summer bring prime weather for outdoor exploration, but these international national parks drop jaws year-round -- no Instagram filters needed.
Stop Fighting for Overhead Bin Space Already Beccaauuse no flight attendant is going to say your bag is not making it on the flight and goodbye! to every piece of clothing you own. You officially now have to wear the same outfit every day.
Feds Say That Banned Researcher Commandeered A Plane 
A Philosophical Return to Aix-en-Provence I've never much cared for eating out alone, even when I tuck a book under my arm to take with me. But tonight I rather enjoyed it. And I was in no hurry to leave Bistrot des Philosophes, a restaurant my wife Kathy and I never visited during our five months in Aix-in-Provence in 2014.
7 Moments That Prove The Airport Is Heaven For Kids, Hell For Parents For most adults, the airport is a harrowing place of security lines, lost luggage\u00a0and adrenaline-fueled races to the gate
The Quick Lowdown to Cuba Travel For decades it's been Americans' forbidden fruit, a place where only devil-may-care travelers would slip past international borders, taking care not to have their passport stamped. But times are changing, as I'm sure everyone has heard by now.
Hilariously Indifferent Travel Reviews 
New York and Ibiza Had a Beautiful Sexy Baby I say Israel, you say shrapnel. I say Israel you say, unrest. But wait. You've got it all wrong. You see New York and Ibiza had this torrid love affair and had a baby. They called her Tel Aviv.
Travels With Journey in Healthy Hammock Style He loves to travel! And we love to travel with him. But Journey isn't exactly a pocket pouch. He's a full grown Labrador, weighing in at 98 pounds.
How to Prep for a Road Trip Abroad Who can resist the call of the open road, aka freedom? Just don't forget about sexy things like international driving laws.
An Atheist in Athos - Part 1 Overwhelmed by the savagely wild beauty of its forested mountains, precipitously rugged cliffs and plunging emerald valleys, she asked her son, who just happened to be God, to make it her garden which, true to filial piety, he did.
Cuba Is Booming On Airbnb, As If We Needed Another Reason To Go If you're wondering where you should stay if you visit\u00a0Cuba, consider an\u00a0Airbnb. The country is Airbnb's fastest-growing
Never Lose Your Luggage Again With These 4 Tips If you're stuck at the airport looking at an empty luggage carousel with no suitcase in sight, it can feel like the odds aren't really in your favor.
8 Under-The-Radar Museums Worth Visiting When most travelers set out to explore a destination's museums, they usually don't stray from the most popular (packed Smithsonians come to mind).
I'd Ramen Be Alone It's not hard finding great ramen in Tokyo. It's the restaurant that's hard to find. Fortunately for me, my cousins led me on a gastronomic adventure to Ichiran ramen in Roppongi.
There Is A Secret Apartment At The Top Of The Eiffel Tower Unlike the scientific marvel of steel and hard lines it's housed in, the pied \u00e0 terre is cozy and romantic -- think paisley wallpaper, wood furniture and oil paintings. All in all, not a shabby place to view Paris from the best vantage point in town.
Stunning Photographs Show Crimea's Beauty In Every Season 
Do You Need a Country? Here is One! Should you ever find yourself stateless, a new little country called Liberland might just take you in. Celebrating its independence May 10, we say good for you! Have many happy returns!
10 Pictures to Jolt Your Mind On Palestine How can one convince travellers of destinations in the Middle East that are not only safe, but also staggeringly beautiful and inspiring? Our feet can do the talking in Palestine.
7 Tips For Tracking Travel Deals It's no secret that traveling can put a strain on the wallet, but with promotions and deals abound, it's easier than ever to score a discounted vacation. The problem is, it can be hard to keep track of all the available money-saving offers, and even harder to distinguish a good deal from a bad one.
Disney Theme Parks to Offer Amazing Discounts In Late Summer, Early Fall 2015 Receive reduced rates on rooms, a kids package for younger travelers, and various discounts for people who have served in the US military. This way, you can experience a world of Disney magic and adventure with the ones you love while also getting a great bargain.
Ticket to Ride We took off from Union Station in Denver at 7 a.m. as the sun was rising and rolled through the outskirts of the city towards the mountains, waving at folks who stopped to take pictures as we passed. My friend and I had come prepared for the ride with ingredients for mimosas.
Sweet Little Tuscan Church Boasts Some Big Acoustics The proud little church of San Biagio, just outside the Tuscan hill town of Montepulciano, is a celebration of the humanism of the Renaissance period 500 years ago.
Is There Such a Thing As Too Young to Travel? As a child, I didn't understand the importance of the sites I was witnessing. Now, I want to travel the world and see historical sites. I want to be Intellectually stimulated. Am I wrong? Was I an immature anomaly that was just uninterested? Or does traveling when young actually create unappreciative memories that deter you from traveling there later in life?
A Picture Postcard From Table Mountain National Park, South Africa A picture postcard from Table Mountain National Park in South Africa.
A Picture Postcard From Kruger National Park, South Africa We figured if we spotted one giraffe we'd be lucky.
The Happiest Countries In The World Might Also Be The Prettiest 
8 Luxury Camping Trips That Are Worth It Camping is great... except for the bug bites, sleeping on the ground and the constant fear of wild animals. The alternative? Glamping.
Dreaming of Namibian Adventure? Don't Miss This Day Trip of a Lifetime (Photo-essay) In a remote section of Namibia's Koakveld, a coastal desert in the country's northwest, sits Hoanib Skeleton Coast Camp, a new, state-of-the-art accommodation that offers its guests a day-trip unlike any other.
The London West Hollywood hosts Travels with Journey and Friends It's not unusual to see celebrities in Hollywoof.. duh! But to see them with their pets can create quite THE scene. Watch out for the pet paparazzi! The London West Hollywood was the perfect place to be seen for a Great Cause!
The World's Most Epic Hotel Pools From rooftop sensations to saltwater stunners, the pools are the main attraction at these extraordinary resorts around the world.
Nintendo Just Announced An Incredible Partnership With Universal 
We Found Out Where Flight Attendants Live Between Flights Flight attendants may sleep in secret hideaways during long flights, and they usually stay\u00a0in hotels during\u00a0multi-day\u00a0trips
Australia Travel Tips 
Fabulous Fiji There's so much to do here, if catching a tan is not your cup of tea; sailing, fishing, scuba diving the colorful coral reefs, yoga in the morning on the beach and of course... the spa.
Mini-Bar Markups That Will Make You Cringe 
15 Surprising City Gems That Prove You Should Always Ditch The Beaten Path 
Oregon May Just Be The Most Stunning State In America. Here's Proof. 3. Anthony Lakes Loop around the lakes\u00a0on foot or take your horse for a trot. 13. Cannon Beach You might recognize Haystack
Destinations of a Lifetime With the Caribbean home to over 700 islands, islets and reefs, your hardest choice is going to be choosing which one to make your travel destination. Pack the towels and sunscreen, we're going for a swim!
A Picture Postcard From Dharavi Slum, Mumbai Touring poverty has its obvious ethical questions. We felt a little less self-conscious about it because our hotel had set us up with a company that only employs university students who currently live in Dharavi.
10 Places You Wouldn't Have Gone 10 Years Ago 
The Cheapest European Airports To Fly To This Summer We have done another data deep dive and compared the average airfares to the 25 European airports our users search the most in the first three months of the year. We calculated the average airfare based on flight prices from almost two dozen airports in cities across the U.S.
9 Of The Most Gorgeous City Parks In The World Is the world's most gorgeous park in your city?
These Perfectly Serene Beach Hotels Cure All Our Summer Cravings Summer travel prices are looking affordable, so\u00a0it's time\u00a0to make a beeline for the beach. Thank goodness someone has done
Why Touristy Riviera Maya Is a Must-See Paradise There's a good reason -- or rather, many wonderful reasons -- why families, couples, and singles, the young and the old, from many parts of the world, are drawn to this strip on the eastern shore of Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula.
From Bumper Cars to 'Snow Rooms' In the world of cruising, there's a perpetual arms race between who has the biggest, baddest, most luxurious ship on the water. This one-upmanship goes for amenities, too.
London Tube 'Skyfall' Station Will Be Transformed Into A Cinema LONDON \u2014 Anyone who's caught a glimpse into one of London Underground's dark corridors knows there are a lot of gloomy parts
JetBlue Is Offering $29 Flights In Epic Two-Day Flash Sale Cheap flight\u00a0hunters, here's your chance.\u00a0 JetBlue is offering flights as low as $29 one-way during its \Spring Fling\ sale
Sunburn Cure It seems every time I travel, my skin goes crazy. In Mexico, my hands turned into lobster claws. In Tanzania, an allergic reaction to malaria meds blew up my lips to Big Ang proportions. I came home from Fiji with MRSA.
Relic-Packed Museum in Cancun Turns Tourists on to Mayan Archaeo Sites Memo to visitors to Cancun
RyanAir Is About To Get Even Cheaper... And Probably More Crowded, Too Well this is just plane\u00a0stunning. RyanAir, Europe's infamously cheap budget airline, is looking to cut\u00a0ticket prices by as
6 Florida Islands That Are Better (And Usually Cheaper!) Than The Caribbean If you're craving an exotic beach escape\u00a0to one of the best islands in the world, then head to\u00a0Florida.\u00a0 Floridian islands
4 Things You Should Learn If You Think Coachella Is Merely the Name of a Music Festival Coachella is a music festival. But it's called that because it occurs in the Coachella Valley. This ancient, arid, takes-no-prisoners paradise has been so much more for so many people than the mere site of a stage on which Nicki Minaj disappointed tens of thousands of fans.
A Tiny Church in Kastania Frozen in Time When exploring the south coast of Greece's Peloponnese, I make Kardamyli my home base. And, while its coast is remote, the interior is even more so.
A Picture Postcard From Kerala, India For Sam and me, Kerala is the jewel in India's crown
A Picture Postcard From Mumbai Delicious and colorful as some of these street foods look . . .
A Picture Postcard From Meenakshi Amman Temple, India We were standing in the Meenakshi Amman Temple. It was dark outside. Inside, it was cool and smelled of incense. We had come for the evening ceremony of Shiva's going to bed. Our daughter Willa who is teaching on Semester At Sea had joined us during her port time in India.
Top 5 Reasons to Go to Puerto Rico - RIGHT NOW I'll admit it
Impressions of India We gathered at 6:15 a.m. in the dining room for Masala tea and cookies, before departing in jeeps for the \jungle.\ We weren't prepared for the 40 degree temps outside.
Athens, the City of the Bitter Orange Trees I am in Athens this spring and the city is drowning in the fragrance of the bitter orange trees that flood its sidewalks. The aroma is intoxicating, numbing the mind and the body's senses.
Top 10 Space Tourist Hot Spots The allure of space travel and exploring the cosmos has enchanted tourists for decades. The Soviet Union's launch of Sputnik 1, an artificial satellite, in 1957 is credited with starting the \space race;\ and the world's interest in space exploration skyrocketed.
Here's How To Visit The World Of 'Game Of Thrones' 
The 10 Cheapest Flights To Europe To Buy For Summer European travel is\u00a0incredibly cheap right now, and it looks like the\u00a0low prices are here to stay for summer. But while getting
Turns Out Airplane 'Oxygen Masks' Aren't Exactly Filled With Oxygen Frequent travelers know that in the event of changes in cabin air pressure, one\u00a0must put on his or her\u00a0own oxygen mask before
How You Can Live On One Of The World's Best Beaches This super relaxed, stress-free lifestyle is really much easier to partake in than we all think. I definitely prefer it to running around from 9-5 to bring in enough cash just to blow it all on 3-5 days vacation.
Where in the World Is the Best Place to Be in May? This month, we invite you to sing for spring at one of the world's most famous university cities, and mingle with the stars on the French Riviera.
8 Earthy Eco Escapes You don't have to stop protecting the planet as you travel to explore its many wonders. Hotel search trivago.com has discovered eight ecologically elite hotels that are taking \being green\ to a five-star level.
Airplanes Just Got Even More Crowded With New 11-Seat-Across Setup If you thought airplane space was already limited, wait till you see this. Last week, Airbus unveiled a\u00a0new plan for its
The 10 Best Islands In The World, According To TripAdvisor After a long winter, any island\u00a0with sand, water and a decently executed Mai\u00a0Tai sounds like the best island in the world
Dresden Is the \New\ Prague They say that no one is building a city like Prague anymore, but that's not quite true.  Most of the gorgeous Baroque, \Old Europe\ city you see in the heart of Dresden today is brand new, even though it appears to look centuries old.
Mesmerizing Video Takes On An Age-Old Rivalry 
TSA Under Fire Over Expensive, Ineffective Program 
7 In-Seat Exercises That Make Flying Less Painful It's no secret that\u00a0flying messes with your body. Sitting for\u00a0hours leaves you at risk (albeit a low one) for serious blood
Switzerland's 'Valley Of 72 Waterfalls' Is Breathtaking Beyond Your Imagination The heart-meltingly beautiful village\u00a0of Lauterbrunnen\ufeff, snuggled in a Swiss\u00a0valley among\u00a072 waterfalls,\u00a0is perhaps one of
The Most Epic Place for Spring Skiing Right Now It was an awful year for snow. Well, at least it was in the west, and the results for some hills were pretty dramatic. Most resorts across western North America received significantly less snow than usual.
Philippines The Philippines is the country to visit now. Flights are frequent to the major cites of the Philippines an after a restful night of sleep, a modern paradise awaits in this multi-island nation.
On the Art of Living, or a Weekend in Paris It is drizzling. Of course it is. The damp air smells of metro fumes and a hint of Terre d'Herm\u00e8s as I painfully drag my suitcase up the stairs and onto le boulevard Saint Michel. I look around. Red lipstick stands out against the gray sky.
One Night Stands Just Got Easier Thanks To This Genius Hotel App Cause we're up all night to get lucky.
8 Simple Ways to Be More in the Moment When You Travel Be fully present by creating space for spontaneity in your travels. You can't remain in the moment if you always adhere to a strict schedule or plan. Say yes to the voice within you that urges you to step off a marked trail, even if just for a brief minute.
7 Reasons Your Next Vacation Should Be To A Charleston 'Suburb' Let's all take a minute and give a little praise to the beach. Ah, the beach. It's a wondrous place in general, full of\u00a0roaring
Creative Escapes Fancy yourself a painter? Still dreaming of college art seminars? You may not be able to commit to taking ongoing classes in your day-to-day life, but a weekend getaway at an inn could double as a time for some serious artistic indulgence.
Impressions of India 
Portland Airport Hires 40 Goats, Lone Llama To Clear Shrubs And Thistles Airport annoyances\u00a0really get our goat. But actual\u00a0goats? Those are\u00a0always welcome. Portland International\u00a0Airport this week
Slovenia The tongue-twister stems from the Slovenian word for \beloved\ -- an apt name for an often overlooked European country, and its walkable main city, subtly sandwiched in between Austria, Italy, Hungary and Croatia.
5 Spectacular National Park Road Trips You Need On Your Bucket List Nothing gets us more excited for summer than the prospect of an epic road trip
The Best Farmers' Markets In America These markets are definitely worth the trip.
10 Hacks That Instantly Upgrade Your Trip 
Participating in a Somber Greek Orthodox Good Friday 
12 Life Lessons You Can Learn From Crossing the Street in Vietnam The question, \how did the tourist cross the road\ is not a joke, it's a real query from most visitors to Vietnam. To make it to the other side, you need to be brave, focused, and a risk-taker -- just like in life. Here are 12 life lessons that you can learn from crossing the street in Vietnam:
A Picture Postcard From Inle Lake, Myanmar If it weren't for the noise pollution of the single cylinder inboard diesel engines, you would swear you had stepped back a thousand years.
Here's What The Government Is Doing About The Shrinking Seat Size On Airplanes 
The New York Wheel Is The Most Incredibly Epic Way To See A City This is wheelie exciting. Construction will\u00a0start this week\u00a0on the New York Wheel, a stunning Ferris wheel\u00a0angled\u00a0to become
North to South On a journey through Argentina explore each of the three unique wine regions to discover the Malbec, Torrontes and Pinot Noir that they are so famous for.
The Best Frequent Flyer Program Belongs To One Of The Best Budget Airlines Smart travelers know that being\u00a0a frequent flyer\u00a0is\u00a0a\u00a0game changer. As a member of an airline's frequent flyer program, you'll
Cyclepaths in Cuba When gasoline was unavailable during the special period, Cubans turned to bicycles. Hundreds of thousands of clunky, but nearly indestructible, bikes, the ubiquitous Flying Pigeons, were imported from China, and Cuba soon had its own bike factory.
A Picture Postcard From Myanmar Thought to be a good cure for acne as well as an effective sunscreen, women and girls (and to some extent boys) have applied it to their faces for over 2000 years.
Let Loose the Sled Dogs of War in the Depths of Greenland's Winter You don't try and pet the Greenland sled dog with a cheery Mickey Mouse-like \Come here Pluto,\ a pat on the head and a treat in your hand, because the treat will be your hand.
Spring Break Traditions in the Mountains Remember the first time you did something with your parents? If we're in Breckenridge in the winter, the boys take the lifts straight to Little Johnny's run. It holds special significance because it's the first black diamond run -- the most difficult kind -- the boys carved out with dad.
Having a Weekend Student Adventure in Rome We took our kids to Europe every year for about 20 years. I didn't realize Andy was paying much attention.
11 Beaches That Probably Aren't For You Thanks, but no thanks.
Escape to Sizzling New Orleans A rainbow parfait of festivals, a kaleidoscope of music and a rich tapestry of cuisine reflecting cultures from around the globe make New Orleans a \must\ destination for every traveler.
21 Disney World Hacks For The Happiest Trip On Earth If you are flying into Orlando International (MCO) and staying at a Disney resort hotel, you can utilize Disney's Magical Express. This service provides free coach bus transportation for you and your luggage between the airport and your Disney hotel. It also allows you to skip baggage claim upon arrival. For the trip back to the airport, you can also check-in with certain airlines at your hotel.
The magical Turpan 
The 5 Cheapest Places In Europe, According To TripAdvisor The secret's out
11 of the Most Stunning Aerial Safaris in Africa Take a helicopter, hot air balloon or scenic flight over Africa's desert, plains and thundering falls for unforgettable views of the iconic destinations.
My Night With the Navajos in Monument Valley When we arrived at the gates of this national park, I not only found familiar movie settings, but a world that has been home to America's indigenous people for innumerable generations. To this day, Monument Valley is managed by members of the Navajo tribe.
Delta Project Gifts Travelers ANYTHING They Want, Just For Being Nice This is much\u00a0better than a seat upgrade.\u00a0 Last month, Delta Air Lines announced The Gift Back Project,\u00a0in which travelers
This Itty-Bitty Town Will Make You Wanna Run Off To Spain On the list of reasons to drop everything and go to Spain, this is rising to the top... fast. Meet Lekeitio,\u00a0an itty-bitty
Why Savannah Is The South's Capital Of Cool 
5 Things You Don't Understand About Working on Cruise Ships (Unless You've Worked on One) If you've ever watched (reruns of) The Love Boat, then you know that working on a cruise ship is about the best job ever. But what's it really like to work aboard a cruise ship? Do they put in crazy hours? Hit on passengers? We asked three cruise industry veterans for the dirty details about real life on the high seas.
Does The Hotel Maid Look Through Your Stuff? Sometimes people do inappropriate things when no one is looking. Sometimes those people are hotel housekeepers, as was indicated in a hidden-camera video that went viral last November.
A Chennai Bicycle Ride There is an interesting politeness and humanity in the chaos of Chennai traffic. I haven't seen any \real\ road rage here, despite being in situations that if happened in the U.S. I'd be fearing for my personal safety.
5 Totally Amazing Europe Trips Under $500 The process of picking one place to visit in Europe, with its wealth of stunning travel destinations, isn't easy. But for budget travelers, we have a few excellent ideas for planning an unforgettable vacation that's both marvelous and within your means.
6 Game-Changing Travel Gadgets Under $10 Beyond using them to transport TSA-approved liquids or bury your phone at the beach, Ziploc bags can mean the difference between a fun surprise rainstorm and the heartbreaking realization that your phone and passport are hopelessly waterlogged.
6 Secrets To Summer Travel Deals With millions of Americans planning to travel this summer and airfare rates steadily climbing, organizing a budget-conscious getaway can seem unattainable. It doesn't have to be.
The TSA Made $675,000 Off Your Spare Change Last Year 
Airport Haikus A haiku is a Japanese three-line poem, 17 syllables, written in 5/7/5 syllable count. After three hours on the runway, then a cancelled flight, followed by six more hours at the airport, it was time to devote myself to this ancient literary form.
Here's How To Stay On Leonardo DiCaprio's Private Island 
A Trek Through Ecuador's Cloud Forest As an avid traveler most of my adult life and a Marine for nearly 7 years, I've been to some interesting places and experienced some unique things.  However, I can say without a shadow of a doubt, that I've never done or seen anything like this before.
This One Tip Will Make Or Break Your Next Trip It's easy for a lack of planning to result in stress. However, for us, the opposite happened. We had the advantage of traveling during low season; while some sites were closed, most lodging options, and even the roads, were empty.
Disney's Polynesian Villas & Bungalows Look Just Like Bora Bora, But With Mickey We found\u00a0the happiest place on Earth... and it's NOT in the tropics. What looks like Bora Bora\u00a0is actually Disney World's
Marrakech Named TripAdvisor's Top City To Visit In 2015 Marrakech, Morocco\u00a0has topped\u00a0the list of Top Destinations in the World\u00a0in TripAdvisor's annual Travelers' Choice Awards
Will Cuba Survive the Americanization of Havana? The architecture of Old Havana has lasted hundreds of years, but will it survive the onslaught of tourists and rampart commercialism that so despoils other Latin American capitals?
From the Experts There are family-friendly hotels for all budgets in Rome, with some great value budget offering. If you include the Tuscan countryside in your itinerary, opt for an authentic bed & breakfast which makes for a comfortable base to discover the region.
9 Striking Places You Must Add To Your Bucket List While seeing the places you know and are familiar with is all fine and well, sometimes, adventuring into the unknown can be immensely rewarding.
Coming in 2017 In 1510, a young monk from Germany named Martin Luther walked 700 miles to Rome on a pilgrimage. He returned home disillusioned, and in 1517, he raised 95 difficult theological questions at the university where he taught -- and kicked off the Protestant Reformation.
5 Things Smart Travelers Will Do This Spring Cherry blossom season (roughly late March through late April) is the country's busiest; plan now, especially if you want a room at the Ritz-Carlton Kyoto, right above the scenic Kamogawa River.
Has Personal Technology Killed the Mystery of Travel? Technology has changed the experience of traveling.  With personal devices now our constant companions, the best parts of traveling have disappeared.  Rest assured what's been lost is not that we no longer wear ties and skirts on airplanes and wear sweat pants instead.
There's A New SkyMall In Town When SkyMall shut down earlier this year, economy-class\u00a0passengers everywhere shed a collective tear. So we're thanking our
1950s New York Photos Remind Us It's Still The Greatest City On Earth New York is arguably the\u00a0best city on the planet. We know this to be true. But sometimes\u00a0that fact gets buried\u00a0under the
Powdering the Nose in Aspen With loads of powder comes avalanche danger and it is a tad high so we stick to cruisier slopes and some steeper stuff amongst the trees. Either way the snow is pure magic, hero snow that makes powder skiers look good.
Why Aren't Spas on TripAdvisor? If TripAdvisor had a spa category, it would allow the public to zoom in on which spas provide the type of service they need. Specialists could be identified for resolving targeted beauty issues for fast growing market segments including ethnic women and men.
The Sneaky Hotel Fee You Should Always Check For Extra fees at hotels have become a big money maker. Check the terms and conditions of your potential reservation before you unwittingly agree to pay for something you may not want.
Top 10 Places Spring is in Bloom Spring is in the air, finally! Some may wonder if we'll see a spring this year, as they battle through the last bit of a winter that refuses to leave. Rest assured, though. Spring is here. And, if you need a little extra dose of it this month (or next), we've got just the list for you.
Ten Reasons You Should Pay Telluride Forward From carbon neutral micro brew festivals to the complimentary bio fuel bus, a 'free box', random acts of coffee kindness and no traffic lights.
Laying It All on the Zip Line in Costa Rica I'm dangling above a tree stand in Costa Rica about to zip line 500 feet above the lush forest floor at 40mph, one gloved hand on my karabiner and another on what I've been assured is a brake.
A European Weekend in the Desert of Las Vegas It was winter and I'd had enough of it. I needed a summer in Europe. I needed to walk in twilight past splashing fountains, to linger over a good meal at an outdoor cafe, to see flowers and statuary and experience the joy de vie and the wines of the French and Italians. And so I went to Las Vegas.
13 Reasons You Need To Visit Budapest ASAP Europe is mind-blowingly\u00a0cheap right now.\u00a0The euro is nearly equal to the dollar (for now), and flight prices are largely
So, We Went to Cuba for the Weekend... Cuba was the flavor of the Caribbean, the iron balconies and street music of New Orleans, the political suppression and fear of Russia, the poverty of Mexico, the quaint sidewalk cafes of Europe, the corner parks of New York City, the family love of Miami and no boats.
Rocky Mountain High - Getting Stoned in Colorado Marijuana, ganja, hooch, grass, weed, whatever you call the green stuff you can now purchase it without the threat of handcuffs in Colorado.
Impressions of India We woke up to record-breaking cold temperatures today all over northern India. Breakfast was served in the colorful tent in front of the hotel and I wore the warm pashmina shawl my son gave me, but was sorry I hadn't also put on my wool jacket.
Lost in Translation Often, people travel from the U.S. to England wrapped in a sense of comfort, thinking, \Well, they speak the same language, so I'll be able to get by just fine.\ Or will you?
Hotel In A Volcano-Waterfall Is The Sweetest Digs You'll Ever Find We've seen some pretty tricked-out hotel rooms in our day, but nothing quite beats these. Welcome to Monta\u00f1a M\u00e1gica Lodge
Cuba No one seems more excited about, prepared for, and capable of navigating major cruises to Cuba than Norwegian Cruise Line's newly minted CEO, Frank Del Rio.
Before We Say Goodbye to Winter Before we say goodbye to winter let's remember the good times, the wonders that only weeks upon weeks of freezing temperatures can bring us. Let's pay tribute to one of the most visited natural spectacles in North America, and the beauty of its frozen sculptural white.
Surviving Europe's Most Infamous Budget Airline There are a few things you should know, before booking that seemingly \too good to be true\ 20 euro round-trip ticket, that are guaranteed to make your Ryanair experience significantly more enjoyable (or tolerable, depending on the situation).
Hanging Out in Hanging Lake (Colorado Rocky Mountains) Since both my friend and I are avid photographers, it took us a little longer to do the hike than it probably would most people because with the flowing river, canyon walls and wildlife running about, the photo-ops were abundant, and we took advantage of every single one.
How to Get Your Ski Legs Back -- Minus the Meltdown Taking your time is important, and not just for your mental health. There's so much scenery to enjoy up here, you can almost forget you're strapped to two plastic boards with sharp edges and all waxed up so they go real fast. Oh, wait. I just felt my heart skip a beat as I wrote that sentence. Deep breaths, Kari.
How Will You Encounter Experiential Travel? The next time you travel, truly experience a new place. Go to a local happy hour and work on learning a new language over a pint. Make friends by sharing a meal or renting a room in a local home. Research volunteer experiences and homestays.
5 Bucket List Travel Destinations We've started off with five must-see destinations that should be on everyone's bucket list. From majestic red rock canyons to ancient cities carved out of stone, these one-of-a-kind attractions are sure to excite, inspire and whet your appetite for even more adventure.
8 Less Talked About Reality of Traveling to Exotic Places I was never the type of person who went backpacking through Europe, took a year off from college to study abroad or booked a solo adventure through Southeast Asia.
How to Get a First-Class Seat On One of the Most Coveted Flights Singapore Airlines' Suites Class product, available on the Airbus A380, made headlines in 2014 after a blogger published his review of the lavish, first-class experience.
After A Disaster, This Is What Flight Attendants Want You To Know Flight attendants take on a crucial role after any airline incident, and in the wake of the latest Germanwings tragedy, it is no different.
I'm A Pilot, And No, I'm Not Afraid To Go To Work Today This week's\u00a0Germanwings Airbus\u00a0crash -- and recent reports that the co-pilot may have crashed the plane deliberately\u00a0-- have
Russian Superhighway Would Link London And New York Sarah Palin is about to be one happy traveler. No longer will she merely see Russia from her house, but soon she may\u00a0be able
The Far West of China There are many things that run through my mind when I start thinking about my recent trip in Xinjiang, China's far west region, which shares borders with Mongolia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Afghanistan, Pakistan and to the south to Tibet.
Charming Architecture, Fantastic Museums, an Iconic Hotel and Great Antiquing Make Amsterdam a Treat Truth be told, the pot and the prostitution were minor challenges compared to what I consider to be the thing that is the most irksome about the city
The 10 Airlines With The Best Economy Class Food When it comes to airline food, the changes have been colossal, with on-board meals graduating from processed dishes to fresh and healthy dining that's infused with the tastes and cultures of the airlines that offer them.
Top 15 Travel Spots for 2015 The New York Times Travel Show always proves to be an entertaining and efficient way to sift through the morass of clutter generated by the travel industry.
The One Thing You Should Do On Every Flight, According To Experts Let's be real
Airlines Infuse Planes With Smells To Calm You Down (And Make You Love Them) \Mmm, is that the sweet smell of... airplane?\ You may have never said it\u00a0aloud, but airlines are indeed trying to make you
10 Of The Most Colorful Places In The U.S. We've shown you the world's most colorful places. But wait until you see these ten bright, beautiful spots right here in the U.S. of A.
'Hello Kitty Disneyland' In Japan Is Absolute Purrfection This is meow-velous news!\u00a0 If jet setting on\u00a0a Hello Kitty plane\u00a0wasn't enough, then feline fans should\u00a0make haste to Sanrio
13 Quotes That Perfectly Capture Our Feelings Of Wanderlust 
Cherry Blossom Tourism Makes Japan's Economy Bloom In Japan this spring, the color of money is pink. Thanks to the weak yen, Japan is suddenly affordable. Visitors from Asia and elsewhere are coming in record numbers to experience that most iconic of Japanese events, cherry blossom season.
5 Fun Facts About the Washington Monument In honor of Independence Day, Babette and I took a trip to Washington DC. And in the spirit of \freedom\, watch today's video and discover five fun facts about the Washington Monument.
India and the American Dream I was surprised by the question, \Do you live with your family?\ I tried to explain that the answer was no. In India, families live together. Here we are focused on independence and the desire to make it on our own. There, the focus is to make it.
Top 10 Ways to Make Travel Rewards Programs Go the Distance As points become harder to acquire and quick to expire, the price in points for a ticket continues to rise, blackout dates block key travel windows and fees and tax charges for \free\ tickets become more common. You have to work harder and be smarter to cash in on past travel for future adventures.
Pamper Yourself and Your Pooch at 3 Florida Hotels While there isn't currently a specific pet package (hint, hint -- they should create one), if you call to make your reservation, hotel staff will leave a special goodie bag in your room, chock full of dog treats and toys.
Australian Art Museum Offers First-Ever Nude Tours We always love a good nude-cation, especially when we can write it off as something artsy. So we're thanking our sweet, naked
Around Greenland's Coldest Settlement in the Depths of Winter Here a bright whitish aura spreads across the horizon, waves at us a little, shoots up a couple of fountain-like columns now and again. But that's about it. Ms. Aurora is definitely a tad shy tonight.
10 Lies Everyone Tells You About Paris 
Impressions of India The history of this enormous structure is so complex that to attempt explaining it would be a disservice. Let's just say if you're planning to visit these sites, hire a guide who can walk you through the labyrinth of history.
Hypnotic Northern Lights Time-Lapse Captured Over 2 Magical Nights in Alaska The Northern Lights -- or Aurora Borealis, or Polar Spirits, or whatever you'd like to call it -- is far up my bucket list. Like really far up. So far up I often have dreams of standing in the middle of a frozen landscape, completely alone, looking up at this celestial display, awestruck.
How To Use Miles To Get A Seat Upgrade With the increasingly limited availability of coveted award seats -- and more and more miles and points flooding the system -- finding business-class tickets for a reasonable number of miles is harder than ever.
10 Vacations To Take Before Your Kids Turn 10 They may not appear so at first glance, but kids are the perfect travelers. Sure, they're more prone to meltdowns and jet lag, but they see the world with pure amazement, a skill many of us have let lapse over time.
Questioning Authority in the School of Athens On a recent trip to Rome, I was walking through the halls of the Vatican museums and after entering one of the Raphael rooms, I turned my head to discover, to my amazement, my favorite fresco
Walking to Petra Rated among the 15 best treks in the world by National Geographic, one anticipates a great deal in walking across southern Jordan to Petra. Seven reasons why this section of the Abraham Path still exceeds anyone's expectations.
11 of the Most Astounding UNESCO Sites in Africa With golden sand dunes, thundering falls and the world's largest population of giant tortoises, Africa's world heritage sites encompass staggering beauty and diversity.
5 Cures for a Long Work Week These five adventures provide you with amazing daydreams and bucket list options, if not the inspiration to get you outdoors this weekend. Hit the trail, watch a sunset, take a scenic drive, and breath in some fresh air!
5 Reasons You Should Quit Your Job To Travel Now Stop kidding yourself. How long has it been since you said, \If I just get to X, I will take that trip\?
10 Best Tricks for Improving Your Flight Experience Here are some tips and strategies for making the most out of your flight experience. Information is power and, in this case, we've got it in spades.
The Makeup Packing Question It wasn't until after going through security several times that I realized I probably should have never worried so much about packing my makeup properly in the first place.
Rowdy, Raunchy, Jet-Setting Barbados Can Be More Affordable Than You Might Think Barbados dreams are all about lapping tropical waters, swaying palm trees, and postcard-perfect arcs of white sand. The good news is that this Caribbean island lives up to the hype.
7 Signs You're Staying in an English Manor We've made a list of the seven signs that, if you find them during your stay, are surefire bets that you are, in fact, in an English manor.
How Walt Disney's Love of Trains Changed the World Walt was fond of saying that his empire \started with a mouse.\ And indeed, his creation of Mickey Mouse did make him a fortune. But the idea for Mickey Mouse came to him while riding a train.
Abandoned Floating McDonald's Does NOT Serve Happy Meals Whatever you eat here is one sad, sad meal. This boat was once home to a rare floating McDonald's, which was built as\u00a0a shining
The Northern Lights Don't Look Anything Like They Do In Photos If you're an adventurous traveler, chances are\u00a0the Northern Lights\u00a0have a spot on your bucket list. With pops of dazzling
Grand Hotel Tremezzo on Lake Como, Italy, Lives up to Its Name A great resort is an amalgam of ten thousand details, most of them never even noticed by a visitor too busy taking in the most obvious of them.
5 Tips for Planning a Spring Break Cruise Spring break cruises bring with them a unique set of conditions cruisers setting sail during this period should be prepared for.
More of North America's Favorite Mogul Runs and Groomers We always try to get it right. But when it comes to pulling together a list of North America's favorite ski runs, it can be hard to touch all the bases.
The REAL Hogwarts Express Is Now Open At Warner Bros. Studio London On a scale of 1 to 10, this is 9 3/4 amazing. The original Hogwarts Express train will be open to tour at Warner Bros.\u00a0Studio
6 Reasons Every Woman Needs To Travel Alone A solo\u00a0trip\u00a0is one of the most soul-stretching adventures\u00a0you'll take as a traveler. Without a companion by your side, you'll
The 5 Weirdest Aircraft To Ever Fly Ever since Orville Wright turned to his brother Wilbur and said \Hey bro, let's totally pioneer the world of human flight!\, the skies have been abuzz with aerial vehicles of every shape and size.
Floating Tents Will Have You Camping In The Heavens 
This Adorable Portuguese Town Looks Straight Out Of The Flintstones 
Want A Taste Of Washington? Then Sample This Truth is, America's capital, like our country, is a melting pot of culinary cultures. And it's amazing to see how Washington's chefs from the world over have fused the best flavors of their native countries with a very American flair.
10 Things You Didn't Know About Skiing in New Mexico New Mexico may not receive the same attention as its neighboring states of Colorado or Utah, but the Land of Enchantment has its fair share of great skiing.
5 Spectacular April Getaways April is shoulder season for many North American destinations, so this can also be a wonderfully affordable time for a carpe diem-inspired break. Here are five great family destinations that beckon in April.
Austria's Burgenland Is Full of Wildlife and Wine This is not an area dotted with little Hansel-and-Gretel-style cottages, for the Burgenlanders are a practical people who live in minimally decorated, comfortable stucco homes.
Cheeky Little Sign On London's Tube Wins The Morning Commute We could tell\u00a0the\u00a0London Tube\u00a0had a sense of humor when it inspired\u00a0a rap, a dating app\u00a0and\u00a0a LOL-inducing Twitter account
These Calming Waikiki Photos Are Your Ticket To An Instant Vacation 
This Canadian Mega-Mall Is Your New Vacation Spot O' Canada -- this is the best mall ever!
Beware of Booking Plane Fares for Residents Sometimes plane tickets aren't necessarily supposed to be ours for the taking. In certain countries, domestic flights are subsidized by the government. And so, for these airlines and routes, the lowest fares online often are\u00a0strictly for residents.
8 Unique Spa Treatments You've Probably Never Heard of (and Where to Find Them) A deep, cleansing facial or classic Swedish massage are great go-to spa treatments, but some spas have much more unique offerings.
Best Hotels for Large Families Hotels that offer kid-focused amenities and cater to your whole group - from young kids to teenagers to adults - will offer peace of mind and enjoyable travels for all. With these tips, you're sure to find the best family-friendly option for your groups' needs and budget.
20 Ways To Keep Your Money Safe While Traveling More than \middle seat,\ \lost reservation\ or \canceled flight,\ the two words that have the power to rattle even the most intrepid traveler are, \Stop, thief!\
Crazy Cheap Deal If you want to travel a lot for not a lot of money, Southeast Asia is your destination. And besides being cheap, the region offers some of the world's best party countries, like Thailand and Singapore. And right now, there's a country-hopping deal you simply can't beat.
Somewhere Between Two Time Zones My kids are growing up Dominican. In the future they might grow up Argentinian or Croatian or Chilean and with us as their anchor, I'd like to believe they're growing up New Jerseyan too. And I hope that one day their purple flowered, daisy infused minds will see that the world is one big place full of many different childhoods. None better than the one they lived.
Striking Images from Cuba 
Here's Why You Should Visit Baltimore If You Like Books Mayor Kurt Schmoke meant well when he dubbed Baltimore \the city that reads\ in the 1980s. Though the much-maligned motto was quickly changed, the city's literary heart beats as strongly as ever.
Things That Will Get You Kicked off Amtrak Recently, I was riding Amtrak from Boston to New York after spending the week at my parents' in Massachusetts. Traveling with me was my elderly pet gerbil Eloise because... well, she just was. I've often brought her on trains and buses.
45 Park Lane London Young and contemporary! An art form in design. Luxury with a capital L. Superb service that raises the bar in terms of European style.
25 Spring Travel Tips Across Europe Traveling in springtime has a long list of perks
Aruba, where the tourist is king  
How To Do Disney World On The Cheap If you're planning a trip to Walt Disney World and are worried about burning a hole in your pocket, it's time to de-stress. Just about every child dreams of a family vacation at Walt Disney World and just about every parent wants to make those dreams come true -- but the cost can be prohibitive.
The 2016 Volvo XC 90 Takes Catalonia, Spain Recently I found that driving the 2016 Volvo XC90 in Spain was the perfect combination.  The Volvo folks brought us in to test the car in an area just outside of Barcelona where countryside met with beach and the roads were easy to navigate particularly in this snazzy set of wheels.
International Travel Many Americans travel to historic battlefields, most typically sites in which we have a direct emotional stake
This Is The Cure For Your Summer Cravings 
The Nightlife In Marrakesh, Morocco Spending a night in Marrakesh will produce experiences to be remembered long after you've arrived back home--here are top 3 suggestions for what to do when the sun goes down.
The 10 Most Historic Restaurants and Inns in the World Different smells and flavors, the heat of the kitchens, the sound of clinking glasses and people's conversations and white table cloths -- the establishment of restaurants has brought this all to life and turned eating into a ritual.
Gorge de Coaticook Park Is A Real-Life Fairytale, Thanks To Hundreds Of Lights Turns out fairytales ARE\u00a0real after all. By day, Gorge de Coaticook\u00a0is one of Quebec's most precious nature parks with the
11 Great Pre-Trip Prep Tips to Start Your Travels off Right Alexander Graham Bell once said, \Before anything else, preparation is the key to success.\ I'm pretty sure he wasn't talking about travel but it's apropos nonetheless. It's the little things that you do up front that pave the way to a stress-free experience.
You Can Rent This Casual Airbnb Atop A 200-Foot Ski Jump Ski in... but\u00a0you won't be\u00a0skiing out. This un-ski-lievable\u00a0Airbnb listing\u00a0is a glass-encased penthouse\u00a0at the top of Holmenkollen
The Best Countries To Find A Tinder Friend Some of us travel to\u00a0achieve\u00a0personal\u00a0independence, confidence and self-enlightenment... and some of us travel just to find
A Love Letter To Boston 
Pilot's-Eye View Catches Head-Skimming Landing Over St. Maarten's Maho Beach Well this is only semi-terrifying. If you're a daredevil, then chances are your bucket list includes\u00a0Maho Beach, on the Caribbean
8 Best Chain Hotels You've (Probably) Never Heard of -- But Will Love Chain hotels often get a bad rap. Admittedly, some of them, with uninspired beige decor, industrial carpeting, and airline-quality breakfasts, have earned it. But they're not all that way.
Tips for Finding Cheap Flights for Spring Break Are you ready for a spring break vacation with kids but exhausted from searching for affordable flights? Finding inexpensive airfares during peak travel times is a challenging game to play with few reliable rules except supply and demand.
The Best Places To Be In March 
Algeria From A Drone Might Be The Most Stunning Place We've Ever Seen 
9 Ways To Get Over Your Fear Of Flying Feeling stressed about a trip? Follow these expert tips for easing your fear of flying. If you become an anxious mess every time you board a plane, you're not alone. \It's a fear that's particularly difficult to tackle because we need repetition to overcome our fears,\ says Reid Wilson, Ph.D.
Singapore's Best Sweets Explore the thriving dining scene, where you'll see a fusion of Western-style desserts with local flavors and textures.
How to Avoid Ending up in a Tree in the Amazon 
Coworth Park Ascot England 
Man Overboard! Cruise Ship Passengers Lost at Sea Every cruise ship passenger's worst nightmare is the fear of falling or being pushed overboard. While the cruise industry likes to downplay the frequency of these events -- as well as their ability to prevent them.
Bonaire, less frequented, has its own charms 
Making New Discoveries in Florida's Old Capitol You don't have to visit the State Capitol in Tallahassee to be reminded of all the reasons you love Florida. But it helps. Great weather? Check. The hottest tourist destinations? Roger that. More than 500 years of continuous civilization? Florida's got it, too.
Walking Orange County I enjoy visiting Orange County. I see why people like to live there. It's comfortable, projecting the sense that there is no hardship in life. It's also designed around the car -- the built environment encourages everyone to drive from Point A to Point B.
Reason #4,572 To Go To Cuba? This Beach. 
A Sense of Nature and History in Portugal All of this history is set in Portugal's Centro region that's barely a one-hour drive from the airport in Lisbon. And yet, it couldn't be more distinct from the capital.
Eat, Drink and Drive in Tampa in the BMW M4 First things first, the perfect vehicle for a Tampa jaunt is definitely the 2015 BMW M4 and if you are scratching your head wondering where the M4 came from, never fear BMW aficionados; it's really the M3 with a new name and slightly updated look minus a few doors and with a headier sense of style.
7 Cheap Beaches You Can Still Book For Spring Break At this frigid time of year, the only thing that sounds better than a beach is a cheap\u00a0beach. And if you're dreaming of a
Rover, The New Airbnb For Dogs 
Q&A With Tiger Shaw, U.S. Ski and Snowboard Team CEO and President It's his name that strikes you first
6 Cruises to Book Right Now These are the cruise ships Cond\u00e9 Nast Traveler readers say they'd sail again (and again), in their own words. Plus, the cruise itineraries you should book right now.
Cuba Flights From The U.S. Are Now Open To Book Online With CheapAir Americans are already going bonkers over eased\u00a0travel restrictions\u00a0to Cuba,\u00a0and now one company\u00a0is calling itself the first
New 'Introvert Retreat' Offers Group Trip Without The Hustle 
4 Exciting Family Vacation Ideas Around the World If you've decided it's time to get more foreign stamps in your passport and explore the world with your children, here are some ideas of family-friendly destinations overseas.
The 12 Most Epic Sledding Hills On Earth Take advantage of all the wonderful things winter has to offer from cozy nights by the fire with some hot chocolate to heart-racing descents down powder-filled hills.
Strange But True If you are looking for something a little different on your next ski holiday, check out one of these out-of-the-ordinary ski areas that are out there waiting for you!
The Curse of the Window Seat It wasn't until I became a permanent migrant to the aisle that I realized that the person in the window seat is really truly the person that holds the entire power, often in ways that aren't fully appreciated.
Uber, Starwood Preferred Guest Partnership Could Earn You A Free Hotel Stay Starting Wednesday, travelers who ride with Uber can earn free hotel nights at Starwood Hotels. When you link Uber with your Starwood Preferred Guest account (which is free to set up, by the way), you'll earn at least one point for every $1 you spend on Uber... which could add up to a LOT of free night stays.
A Love Letter To Jersey City As the newcomers, you have made us feel at home, Jersey City. Each and every day, we are excited to open our doors and meet our neighbors.
Evolution of Darwin From Thrill-Seeking to Thought-Provoking Its no secret; Australia is a country infested with things that will kill you. Or as humorist and Australiaphile\u00a0Bill Bryson put it, \If you are not stung or pronged to death in some unexpected manner, you may be fatally chomped by sharks or crocodiles.\
The Best Beach In The World Is One You've Never Heard Of 
The Most Dangerous SCUBA Dives In The World What could be more thrilling than diving deep into the ocean among sea creatures and exploring sections of the earth few have seen before?
JetBlue Gives Passengers Free Flights, Just For Being Nice 
Packing for Your Trip to Europe Our ultimate packing round-up has all the details to make packing for your trip significantly less stressful--no sun-dials needed.
Sawadee Thai A380 First Class 
Traveling Tips for Families With Special Diet To travel simply and easily even on a special diet, you need to feel confident in your ability to locally access what you need; the patience to access the resources available to you for long distance travel; and most importantly a sense of humor to create a wonderful, memorable vacation for your whole family.
If It's February, This Must Be Brussels Yes, it's a twist on the 1969 film starring Suzanne Pleshette and Charlie Cartwright \If it's Tuesday, this must be Belgium,\ about a group of American tourists zipping through Europe on a bus tour with barely time to see anything.
The Thailand Tourists DON'T See Is A Perfect Island Called Koh Mak Tourism is booming\u00a0in Thailand, and it seems like everyone knows about the main beaches and islands\u00a0by now. The country is
13 Metro Stations That Put Your Commute To Shame 
6 Hacks for Saving Money This Ski Season Equipment, gear, lodging, lift tickets. The costs can add up. But do not despair! There are still simple ways to ski on a budget. Ladies and gentlemen, don your Guy Fawkes mask
Celebrity Chef Peter Kuruvita on the Real Food of Mexico Having gotten to know the country and its food so well, he gives us his tips on how we can experience this authentic cuisine too.
How to Save Up for Travel in 2015 We are at the beginning of a brand new year! This means new resolutions, new goals, and new dream destinations. I'm going to show you how to stop dreaming, and make your trips a reality.
14 Photos That Will Want to Make You Fly to Maui Now 
Ready for Their Close-up Since the film awards season is well under way, it's a great time to discover a little bit more about some of our favorite nominees. While meeting them in person seems pretty unlikely, you can still walk in their footsteps -- so to speak -- with a visit to the hometowns they hail from.
50 Years Later, Berkeley Still An Oasis It's Wednesday morning at the North Berkeley Senior Center and twangs of country music might make you think you're in a friendly down-home bar in Texas.
A Love Letter To Chicago's West Town 
The White Sand Beach P*rn You Need Right Now If you're cruising the Internet for a steamy, full-frontal ocean shot to carry you through the dismal winter months, then take a look at these sexy BILFs (Beaches I'd Like to Frequent).
Accidental Traveler As a matter of security, the announcer now explained, the government had suspended many basic civil liberties. What rights had we lost during our ill-fated vacation?
The Most Unbelievably Cheap Paradises On Earth Check this list of 12 shockingly affordable paradises you can live in for peanuts... though you'll probably be packed and out the door by number seven.
15 Coastal Connecticut Curiosities She was Annie Hall without the neurosis. She wore pants! She was beautiful, witty, gregarious, and a clever verbal sparring partner with each of her leading men.
On a Budget? 5 Ways You Can Still Travel the World! The world is becoming more accessible, with airlines, accommodation and everything in between available at budget-friendly prices. If you can sort through the droves of information, you can go a lot further for a lot less. You can collect and redeem miles, watch for seat sales but if you're open minded to other ideas, here are a few other options that can help you travel on a budget.
5 Hotels To Book For Incredible Free Wi-Fi 
5 Places To Visit On The Gold Coast Of Florida I recently hopped on a two and a half hour flight from New York City to Palm Beach for a three-day trip to celebrate my fiance's 30th birthday. The thing is, we whipped together this vacation in a matter of weeks.
The Best Place To Be Today If you want to find out the best place to be on any day of the year--today, tomorrow, your birthday or wedding anniversary--check out our interactive calendar.
5 Under-The-Radar Hawaii Sites That Are As Historic As They Are Beautiful 
Finally, A Gadget To Make Fellow Passengers Disappear 
My Worst (and Best) Valentine's Day Date Ever The trouble begins because we're not wearing white. It's Valentine's Day, and my husband, Chris, and I are on the date of a lifetime; a croquet game in the middle of the Mexican jungle.
Conscious Coupling at Spa Desert Springs When we tell people that we work together and we're married, we often get big eyes and twisted faces. The shock we receive results from people immediately imagining working with their own mate -- a nightmarish thought for many.
The Top 10 Trips To Take In Your Lifetime 
2015's Most Anticipated Hotel Openings 
How Hotels are Capitalizing on What Business Travelers Value Most If you're not a business traveler, why should you care? Because this group of globe-trotters is changing the hospitality industry in a way that affects leisure travelers, too.
The West's 9 Most Spectacular Waterfall Hikes Although the Western United States is blessed with a plethora of stunning waterfalls, they are not all created equal. Some are hidden deep within lush forests; others a blue oasis set within an expansive desert.
Museums Are Working On Banning Selfie Sticks To Keep Their Art Safe 
London Tourist Attractions You'll Really Want To See This Summer London makes us happy. You know this, we know this. You'll probably be making your way towards Europe this summer, which
Why I Can't Love Dallas, Texas As a sometime travel writer, one of the least favorite places I've visited was Dallas, Texas. Dallas, in my mind, has always been associated with the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.
The Much Delayed Airport - An End at Last to St. Helena's Isolation Until now reliant on the monthly-odd visits of the RMS St. Helena on her run from and to cape Town, South Africa, this tiny rock's terminal isolation is about to change forever in early 2016.
5 Tips to Help You Save Money While Traveling When I started preparing for my trip, I did a lot of research on the planning process on the internet. There are a number of things I did to prepare, and I thought I'd share some tips on how to help you travel for less money.
These Amazing Instagram Photos Of Finland Will Make You Appreciate Winter Just stunning.
Why You'll More Productive As A Digital Nomad 
5 American Cities You Should Visit In 2015 
Dodging Gators On Lake Jesup, Florida's 'Natural' Theme Park Lake Jesup is one of Central Florida's largest lakes and part of the St. John's River system. Seminole County, just north of flashy Orange county, bills itself as Florida's \natural\ choice. We have to agree. We live here.
Top 10 Oscar-Worthy Filming Locations Of The Year In addition to fame and fortune, Hollywood's biggest stars also have the opportunity to travel to impressive hot spots while on set.
Need Offbeat Valentine's Ideas? Take Your Sweetheart to See These Human Hearts! Looking for an offbeat (but still heartfelt!) way to celebrate Valentine's? You could buy a classic heart-shaped box of chocolate...or you could always go check out an actual human heart!
The One Thing I Can't Stop Doing That's Helped Me Travel More If I know I'm going anywhere near Europe, Asia or Africa -- or at least closer to them -- and I will not have the opportunity to return for a long time, you better believe I'm going to take advantage. For me, even a taste of a place is better than no taste at all.
15 Hours Overnight at Seoul's Incheon Airport With Kids Just great. Nearly twelve hours on an airplane to Incheon and six more hours the next day to Phuket with two kids and we'd have to deal with the noise of the nearby construction all night long.
Urbane Rurality In England, Part One If you are attending an opera at Glyndebourne, that itinerary will see you through from after breakfast until you need to go back to the hotel and change for the show - which generally begins around 5 p.m.
Impressions of India After our long overnight flight from New York, I have gained a greater appreciation for frequent flyers who travel half way 'round the world regularly. I could not have anticipated the effects of sleep deprivation and the ensuing topsy-turvy body clock until it happened to me!
World's Most Romantic Hotels (PHOTOS) No. 1 on the list
Your European Vacation Just Got Cheaper You know what's the best thing when you're a budget-conscious traveler? When something happens that makes your entire trip cheaper, without you having to change a single thing on your itinerary. That something, in this case, is a steep drop in the value of the euro, making European trips cheaper than they've been since 2003.
Weekend Drive up the CA Coast to Carmel 
How to Enable Offline Maps in the Google Maps App I wanted to give the tool a try to see how well it would serve as a guide when the Internet has betrayed me. To my surprise, OK Maps is remarkably easy to use. The only major downside I found was that saved maps are well, just maps
Around St. Helena Aboard the Enchanted Isle Having crisscrossed the mountainous interior and multiple microclimates of St. Helena on land there remains one more major trip -- the circumnavigation of one of the world's most remote island.
How to Eat Healthy Around the World (Bone Broth, Anyone?) Almost every culture incorporates restorative foods into its cuisine as much for their delicious flavors as for their beneficial nutrients. Treat yourself to the best of both worlds.
Order It Like Beckham With his career as a professional footballer behind him, Beckham clearly has no intention of fading into the shadows of his vaunted career on the pitch.
Tokyo's Champs Elysee If you think Harajuku is defined by posing teens and pop culture, think again. The district is just as well known among locals for high-end luxury as low-end grunge. Part one of this walking tour was about teen fantasies, this time it's the grown-ups turn.
Orlando's Number-Two Animal Attraction, Behind Disney If you've been to Florida but you haven't picked your own citrus, you're missing one of the oldest tourist traditions in central Florida. It's a memorable activity the whole family can enjoy and makes for beautiful pictures. Think of it as the \other\ side of the Animal Kingdom.
A Taste of Proper Fun So, of course, it is a treat to discover Bermuda, if just for a weekend, the place that practically invented proper fun, and which now embodies it.
Robin Leach's Most Expensive Vegas Attractions of 2015 Who better than Robin Leach to take you inside the exclusive world of the SUPER RICH?  See how the \other half\ lives in Las Vegas without spending a dime! #LuxeVegas takes you inside the glamorous and luxurious spending habits of the uber wealthy!
Airfare Trends on the Rise in 2015 According to a new report from Expedia, it's a great year to be a traveler. The report, released in December 2014 and co-produced with data from the Airlines Reporting Corporation, offers mostly encouraging news for travelers
Williamsburg, Virginia 
If Things Can Go Wrong, They Just Might 
2015 U.S. Best Ranked Cities For Hotels Arizona leads the 2015 Best Ranked Cities list with cities in first and third place, but it's Florida that dominates with three cities in the Top 10 and a total of nine in the Top 50.
Here's Some Undeniable Proof That Tahiti Is, In Fact, Paradise 
Long Weekend in Woodstock, Vermont 
Can You Survive Five Days on the Amazon? I picked up a book called '1000 places to visit before you die' today and discovered one of my recent trips had made the cut, specifically my excursion down the Amazon River.
The Travel Industry Loses Its Way In A Blizzard As the snow falls today, maybe in a quiet moment, the managers who create and enforce these draconian policies should ask themselves
This Is The Quietest Place In America 
Economy Class Gets An Upgrade... Wait, Make That a Downgrade When the cheap seats get a makeover, it's easy to assume that's good news for the average air traveler. But not all upgrades are the same. In fact, Alaska's and Delta's are worth closer looks, because they offer dramatically different visions of air travel in 2015.
In Orlando, There's a New Challenge in the Trees The recently-opened Orlando Tree Trek Adventure Park -- a series of obstacle courses set among windswept pines -- is a worthy addition. And this one's definitely got altitude.
Now Is The Best Time To Visit Europe. Here's Where To Go. 
Turn Left at the Oyster Festival! A Festival a Month for 2015 Great festivals are conducive to great travel. They are mankind at its best - free-spirited and welcoming. They also offer countless opportunities for the unexpected. Here is a festival a month to put on your calendar for 2015. And don't worry, January's festival doesn't start until the end of the month, there is still time to get to all of them.
An Interview with Wildlife Photographer Chris Burkard 
The Hottest Apres-Ski Bars Twerk in your ski boots at a Vegas-style club in Lake Tahoe; don furs at a bar fashioned from 20 tons of ice in Queenstown, New Zealand; clink glasses of champagne paired with caviar at Aspen's roving pop-up Oasis Bar; or hug complete strangers while shooting schnapps at Trofana Alm in Austria. From refined to rowdy, we've rounded up 17 bars where you can celebrate post-slopes.
7 Jaw-Dropping Hawaii Spots Where Time Stands Still 
How To Work When You're On The Road For the past three or so years, there hasn't been one trip where I've completely abstained from work.
Traveling Internationally? Do These 20 Things First So you're ready to put that first stamp in your passport? Or it has been years since your last big vacation? Here's a list of 20 tips you should do or bring before your trip if this is your first time traveling abroad or if you need a refresher.
Rome Journal Innocent hardly lived up to his name. Velasquez captures the power emanating from his gaze, embellishing it with a deep red background and gold throne.
7 Havana Attractions You Can't Wait to See A 15-minute cab ride takes you just outside of Havana to this idyllic beach that attracts locals and tourists alike. Flag down one of the roaming vendors for a refreshing rum-coconut water combo sipped right out of the coconut.
Sowing the Seeds of Goodness Looking back, and now having time to digest what I saw and felt, I was greatly moved by this land and its people. So let me take you for a walk through one aspect of what I learned and what I felt this country stood for, using food as an extension of what I experienced.
How To Answer The Phone In 10 Different Languages 
9 of the Most Incredible Beaches In the World Remind yourself how magical our planet is by feasting your eyes on these nine supremely beautiful beaches.
The Far Side of Paradise I first learned about Hana some 20 years ago when I was living in Los Angeles and looking for a respite from a high pressure job I'd just finished. I asked around and, lo and behold, it turns out that a lot of people I knew pointed to one place and one place in particular
Travel Etiquette No one wants to spend any more time in an airport than necessary. But, if you find yourself waiting for a delayed flight, there are ways to maximize your unscheduled downtime.
How to Spend 24 Hours in Saint Petersburg, Russia Like a Local Saint Petersburg is a city of legends. Walk down the Nevsky Prospekt, from the Fontanka River to the Neva, and every building you pass will be full of ghosts
America's Best Beer Cities, As Chosen By Beer Experts \The Midwest -- American beer's ancestral seats -- finally stealing the spotlight back from the craft brew-sodden coasts.\
The Sexiest Hotels in the Dominican Republic Although language can be a barrier for non-Spanish speakers and the tap water is not potable, people are extremely friendly and the landscape is stunning.
20 Ways a Minnesota Winter Equals an Arizona Summer Dear reader, it suites to compare that if you find yourself in the Great North braving winter or in Phoenix's sweltering summer, you'll surely relate to these parallels.
The Dorchester Hotel London Some of theses individuals have worked at The Dorchester for many decades. Like the notable celebrities, politicians, and members of London's high society... their indelible influence and touch brings new meaning to the word perfection.
Dispatches From Pacifica The past eight days have a dreamlike quality to them, as if they happened to someone else. No doubt that this will not be the last visit.
Rome Journal If you want to spend an afternoon in Rome watching trains speeding by ancient aqueducts, pick up the B at Circo Massimo change at Termini for the A and get off at Guilio Agricola.
Istanbul Led Me Back to Cairo I realized I'd never explored my hometown the way I'd explored Istanbul. I'd never given it the chances I'd gave to Istanbul. Though I greatly admire it, I'd never been open to its possibilities. Every magnificent spot in Istanbul reminded me of something about Cairo. So this is where I'm going next.
Rome Journal In one of the most moving scenes from Pasolini's Mamma Roma, Anna Magnani and Ettore Garofolo, who plays her son, stand perched on the edge of opportunity, of a new life which manifests itself in the form of better housing.
Timelapse When it comes to bucket lists, seeing the Northern Lights normally sits pretty high up, but not everyone can find the time to trek far into the north to catch a glimpse. So with that in mind, we sent our roving timelapser, Joel Schat, to Yellowknife's Aurora Village to capture the stunning natural phenomena on camera.
The Travel Hacks You Should Know (But Probably Don't) Travel hacking is often synonymous with credit card churn and gaming points and miles. I'm no stranger to those tactics but I've always been more interested in the nifty, devious ways to get what you want while on the road. Here's the best of the best, tried true and tested.
Canada These are probably not \off the track\ enough for tiny-unspoilt-ski-area purists. They are, instead, mid-sized areas that are known beyond international borders, but perhaps are not quite up there in fame with the Whistlers, and the Tremblants and the Banffs.
What Airlines Don't Tell You About That Free Bag 
6 Essential Reasons To Book A Trip With A Travel Agent 
The Wind and Sea Estate is a 5 Star Getaway The Wind and Sea Estate is one of the most magical places in the world. The joy of sharing this spectacular location provided the perfect vacation for friends; all dedicated environmentalists who thrive on discovering the bounty of nature and protecting our natural resources.
Hotels with Height A treehouse sojourn is a memorable holiday that every avid traveler should add to their bucket list. From the steamy jungles of the Amazon to the snow-capped mountains of New Zealand, we've unearthed the planet's most incredible treetop escapes.
The Art of Not Doing In the eager pool of morning light there rises The Rock. It is perhaps the most iconic symbol of the implacable indifferences of inhospitable landscapes, its dimensions timeless, unsummarized. And I want to climb it.
The World's Most Incredible Hotel Pools From tropical Infinity pools with exceptional views to rooftop plunges that will take you over the edge of city streets, these 13 hotel pools blow all other competition out of the water.
Watch This Sloth Save American Lives Whether to Costa Rica or just a day to sleep in and relax at home, vacation days are provided to workers for a reason. Make time for yourself and you'll soon see the benefits.
The Exceptional Traveler The two-bedroom apartment was located in Saanen and the balcony overlooked a rushing river. By the time we got off the phone, I knew that Geneva was the nearest airport and a connecting train left from within the terminal.
Dancing With Thieves I had come up the Avenue de Tourville, crossed Avenue de la Motte-Picquet, and was walking, strolling really, hands in pockets, hat tilted back, toward the Eiffel Tower.
The Real Talking Stick The houses got sparser and the flat, parched, winter landscape was crowned and made glorious by the red-hued mountains in the distance. We tried to imagine what our meeting with Royce and Debbie Nez-Manuel would be like. It was nothing like our imaginings.
Why Credit Card Points Aren't the New Miles Since United and Delta changed the way miles are earned, everyone has been advocating the nearest credit card as the best way to get points. The math still shows flying is cheaper.
The Must See Attraction of 2015 in Vegas The High Roller has 28 glass cabins soaring 550 feet high with 360 degree views of Las Vegas. These types of attractions are usually \do once and take a picture\ for me. The High Roller was an experience I can't wait to share with more people.
5 Family-Friendly Mexico Hotels An all-inclusive with two kids clubs for kids aged 4 to 12? It's a dream come true!
Adventures Less Ordinary While there's nothing new about the desire to give as much as (or more than) one gets, many of the means by which such charitable assistance can be delivered are quite novel. And these days the knowledge of how best to leverage both big-heartedness and the jargony lexicon used to describe it is constantly in flux
Rome Journal 
Byblos Brims With Culture, History and Life The New World Encyclopedia offers interesting background information on Byblos. Other publications and websites also cover its rich history. But visiting Byblos is a sure way of appreciating its heritage.
7 Ways To Travel Smarter In 2015 
A Waikiki Institution Struggles To Survive 
How to Get Over Your Post-travel Blues Sometimes, you may find yourself as frustrated upon returning home as you were when you first immersed yourself in another culture. Welcome to the disorientation that is reverse culture shock. Here's what it is and how to overcome it.
Hit the Jackpot With 5 Breathtaking Las Vegas Views If you are lucky enough to join some 300,000 people for New Year's Eve in the party capital of the world, make sure you don't miss these spots.
Photo Tour On an Indian summer day in October I stayed at a sea captain's home in Kennebunkport, Maine. Built in 1804, The Captain Jefferds Inn is an exceptionally and impeccably appointed bed & breakfast.
8 Surprising Facts About Mid-Pennsylvania The Allegheny National Forest, known as the PA Wilds, sits about midway between Philly and Pittsburg in the northern regions of Pennsylvania. Beguiling landscape aside, these eight breakthroughs, inventions and attractions might surprise you.
7 Hawaii Destinations The Obamas Should Escape To 
This Deep Ocean Trench Is Your New Happy Place 
Route 66, Ride for the Relay, Day Twelve Everyone was up early packing their bikes and mingling in the guest room of the Hampton Inn - it was a sea of green shirts. Our meeting started a few minutes late, but no one was in a huge rush as we only had 70 miles to travel to the end of Route 66.
2015 Travel Must Dos Some destinations and activities are not new, just things we would like to do in 2015. And some destinations are not obscure never-heard-of-before off the Google Map, but well known fun destinations.
Infographic Based on Orbitz booking data, we took a state-by-state look at where everyone's headed for New Year's Eve, and found the deck was stacked in favor of one destination above all others. Plus, below, 10 can't-miss New Year's Eve parties and concerts in the number one city for celebrating.
Infographic Travel stress might not be all that bad -- at least that's what people told Orbitz about their past travel experiences. In fact, 71 percent of those travelers said their trips weren't stressful at all. Take a look at how you can stay serene this holiday season.
This Is What A $50,000 Trip To Hawaii Looks Like 
5 Ridiculously Fun Airport Attractions Yet airports around the globe are increasingly boasting an impressive range of fun activities and luxe amenities to help ease the stresses of travel--or at least entertain us while we're in transit. Here's a sampling of things you can do that we think will prove way more fun than sudoku.
The Insurmountable Culture Gap Travel is meant to immerse you in the world, but in reality it is only from the perspective of an outsider. Hemingway never truly knew what it was like to be Cuban. I slept next door to his apartment in Havana--the big pink building is a residence that most Cubans could only dream of.
Hanoi I'm totally mesmerized by the traffic in Hanoi, Vietnam
Here's Bansko, The Ski Town You Aren't Visiting But Should 
Paris By Neighborhood Paris' arrondissements coil around with the 1st at its heart, and the 19th and 20th at its outer limits. Each arrondissement comes with plenty to do for families. Here are some suggestions of what to see and discover in Paris with kids:
American Expatriates Should Come Home For The Holidays So come on home to America where you can rant and rave all you want and help us change things for the better. Come home. We miss you and America needs your energy, your hands on knowledge of the world and your leadership.
Sun, Sand, Seafood... and Santa A white Christmas the Australian way is different to what you're used to. Instead of glistening white snow, you're more likely to see white sand baking in the sun. Rather than rugging up inside with family and friends to beat the cold, we're busy trying to cool off in mid-summer.
5 Luxury Experiences For Your Next Trip to Bangkok Bangkok is a favorite with travelers looking to get the most bang for their buck, but I took my experience to Thailand up a notch this past December. Enjoy the street food and Khao San Road $12 hostels the first time around; it's okay to \treat yo'self\ on your next trip to the Land of Smiles with these luxe suggestions.
6 Common Mistakes To Avoid When Earning And Redeeming Miles In my early days of collecting points and miles, there were many things I was clueless about. Since wising up, I've talked to countless travelers who made some of the same mistakes.
Napoleon' Last Hurrah - A Grave With No Name on St. Helena The remote South Atlantic island of St. Helena is forever linked with the name of Napoleon Bonaparte, the megalomaniacal Corsican-cum-French emperor who was exiled there by the British in 1815.
Turkey's Most Perfect Beach Is An Actual Butterfly Wonderland 
Why We Travel International travel has been an love affair I've had for over the last dozen years or so, ever since my first international trip to Japan for my study abroad year in Tokyo in 2001-02. I had never stepped off of American soil until the age of 20 and I was ready to burst my bubble.
Route 66, Ride for the Relay, Day 11 We all gathered for our second-to-the-last morning meeting and discovered that today was going to be an easy ride with only 70 miles to San Bernadino. This would be our last stop before making the final leap to the Santa Monica Pier.
The Caribbean's Best All-Inclusive Resorts For Families You won't find a more kid-friendly resort on the island of Turks and Caicos than Beaches. With 10 pools, a beautiful beach, a water park, an Xbox Games Garage, a Sesame Street kids' camp, and even a DJ-spinning academy, the hotel is determined to rule out any inklings of boredom.
Among Santa Fe's Many Virtues? History, Art, Culture, Hospitality and Killer Vintage Clothing It's also safe to say that I've never visited a city as friendly as Santa Fe. From the cab drivers to the staff at the hotel, to retailers to strangers on the street, this town is populated by people who clearly love it -- and love sharing it with others.
10 Places To Have A 'Frozen' Vacation It's the worldwide, runaway, Oscar-winning smash that shows no signs of losing popularity. Loosely based on \The Snow Queen\ by Hans Christian Andersen, \Frozen\ is the highest grossing animated film of all time.
Fodor's Go List 2015 
5 Reasons to Travel More in 2015 Traveling somewhere exotic allows you to disconnect from the stresses of everyday life and engage with your surroundings. And stepping outside your comfort zone helps raise cultural awareness and trigger self-discovery.
A Love Letter To Evanston I love to travel. That's where I go to eat, to read, to frolic and dream.  I love you, Evanston, for letting me travel home to you daily.
Top 10 Iconic Christmas Trees and Their Roots It's hard to believe these colossal trees once began as small seedlings and have blossomed into festive holiday symbols after half of a century or more.
Doggone Spoiled People obviously really, really love their pets, with accessories and services for pawed pals raking in billions of dollars across the globe. Sometimes, the sheer indulgence that these furry friends receive boggles the mind -- most humans don't even have it so good!
Experience A Flying Safari Tour in Alaska, And Other Bold Vacation Ideas That Break The Mold 
Is Airbnb Really Better Than Staying at a Hostel? In the six years since Airbnb launched, the company has pretty much managed to redefine budget traveling. Since then, I've played the role as both host and guest in several countries and cities, with, more often than not, mixed feelings.
How To Do Pricey Destinations On A Budget Some island destinations are so expensive that many travelers consider them out of reach. Places like the Maldives, French Polynesia, Santorini and Hawaii all come to mind.
How Visiting the Anne Frank House in Amsterdam Made Me Feel The Diary of a Young Girl was the first coming-of-age story I'd ever read. Thankfully, I got my hands on it years prior to a mandatory school assigned reading (as a young voracious reader, I ate those up too - but for some reason those assigned books always lacked shine). Anne's diary hit me hard.
Safari Experiences Around the World These amazing destinations get me excited about all the possibilities and all the experiences that can be found around the world for a safari-lover like me.
RMS St. Helena, Last of the Storied Royal Mail Ships Once they proudly sailed the seven seas, mighty traveling hotels, carrying both passengers and cargo to the furthest outposts of the British Empire, earning their prestigious title of RMS (Royal Mail Ship) by dint of carrying His or Her Britannic Majesty's mail to his or her farthest-flung subjects.
What Do Foreign Tourists Really Think of US? As Americans, we love to muse over the national character of other countries
Tokyo Faster, Cheaper, Easier Getting to Japan is expensive; you need to make every day count double. You can see and do so much more with a a little insider intel. Here's how to make Harajuku your own in an hour.
17 Things That Happen When You Skip Winter Entirely 
Most Fabulous Holiday Theme Park Attractions A theme park is the last place you expect to a pass a Silent Night -- but in the name of joy to the world, the best theme parks in the U.S. err on the side of extreme in their holiday celebrations. These six parks do a lot more than just deck the halls, and here are their most fabulously over-the-top festivities:
Get Down to the Business of Owning the Road in the 2015 Dodge Challenger with a Visit to Kentucky's Maker's Mark Want to turn heads this holiday season, get yourself into a 2015 Dodge Challenger.  Or if you want to be the most loved person on the planet, perhaps buy that special someone the 2015 Dodge Challenger. However you want to do it, just consider the uber sexy 2015 Dodge Challenger, it's a ride you can't refuse.
On Pilgrimage in India We are drawn to places by our dreams, the dreams of our ancestors, and the collective dreaming of people through the centuries. These places are made special for us by what happened there, whether in our personal history or the larger history of the world.
The World's Least-Visited Country Is REALLY Beautiful 
14 Ski Resort Events Delivering Holiday Cheer This Season 'Tis the season for skiing powder! Oh, and the holidays are upon us as well. I'd rather bury my head in the snow than deal with shopping and, luckily, there are some festive events taking place at ski resorts across the U.S. and the Canadian Rockies.
Route 66, Ride for the Relay, Day 10 Just one more night on this magical highway my friends! Tomorrow will be our last full day on the road as we drive to San Bernadino and then the final short leg to the Santa Monica Pier. You have been such great companions on this trip! Thank you for all your support.
Small Screen Escapes We couldn't help but accept the challenge of assigning our favorite small-screen protagonists the holidays we imagine they'd dream of. The result is a list of amazing spots around that globe that anyone, real or make-believe, would be sure to enjoy.
Hassle-free Holiday Air Travel Tips Now that you've survived the dreaded Thanksgiving travel weekend, it's time to start preparing for the next busiest period
15 Side Effects Of Getting Back From Study Abroad 
3 Reasons Why You Should Plan a Staycation in Houston Just the thought of sleeping in late like my old teenage self and leaving my bed unapologetically messy because housekeeping will be knocking soon, is just what a young professional like myself needs from time to time--especially when you're living in the nation's second fastest growing city.
The Good, The Bad And The Very Ugly Of US Airports 
Shop Your Way to Free Flights and Travel Perks While traveling is still the best way to redeem your loyalty rewards, it's become one of the least efficient ways to earn them. The trick is to use online shopping portals -- especially now, when gift-giving season is in full swing.
Mexico's No. 1 Baja Beach Resort 
Conde Nast 2014 Readers' Choice Awards During my travels as a journalist, I come across quite a few memorable hotels. One I found recently just outside famed Yosemite National Park, in the little and delightfully provincial village of Oakhurst, California.
Delta's Now Serving A Bunch Of Hipster Beer 
7 London Hotel Bars For A Holiday Drink There's a special experience to be had hitting up the city's hotel bars.
The 10 Best New Beach Hotels This Winter 
Vietnam There are 16 islets in total, the main one being called Con Son -- a truly ravishing place with sandy bays made up of miles of soft white beaches fringed with dense hedges of sea lettuce and wild pineapple trees. It's honestly the kind of island hammocks were invented for.
Botswana Rhe great pans relent and reveal their riches -- the luminous morning light in the broadest horizon unmarked by the slightest scribble of grass, rare wild species such as bat-eared foxes, aardwolves, aardvarks and meerkats.
LOOK They welcome the opportunity to entertain visitors, and if you bring them some treats, they just might pose for you.
Why I Left Delta and Took My Diamonds Elsewhere In this traveler's eyes, American air carriers generally, and Delta specifically, have slipped from atop the quality and service rankings. They have gone from diamonds to diamonds in the rough. And with a good bit of polishing, we may both one day be Diamonds again.
Wellness Travel Trends for 2015 As personal health and wellness initiatives continue to gain momentum by leaps and bounds, travelers are taking a stand and refusing to sacrifice their latest lifestyle changes when they leave home.
An Aussie Out of Water It was a blistering 35 degrees Celsius, but I was so preoccupied by my new surroundings that I barely noticed the heat. As I started the ignition of my rental car, my nerves tingled. I'm alone, in the desert. I'm going to be driving around in the desert, alone.
How to Make Hotel Loyalty Programs Work for Your Family Family travelers may think that hotel loyalty programs are just for business travelers who log dozens of nights on the road a year. But if you plan even one week-long vacation with your family a year it can pay off to join a loyalty program.
Well If This Isn't The Most Stunning Cliff Town Ever... 
5 Splurge-Worthy U.S. Resorts These luxury resorts across the U.S. will have you fantasizing about your next big trip.
Yup, You CAN Do New Year's Twice In One Day 
Route 66, Ride for the Relay, Day Nine We decided it was fine to be on our own today, as Jen had never been to this wonder of the world, and we wanted to spend more time there. Little did we realize however, the great distances we would be traveling and how little time we'd really have.
An Apology & Travel Tips... From Professionals! 
It's an Accessible Life Imagine. A breathtaking view of remarkable snow-covered mountain peaks; vast green open spaces and old-growth forest; enveloped by the scent of crisp air sparking one's imagination and serenity while propelling one onward to explore more.
Pageant Spotlights Hernan Cortes and an Amazon Queen in La Paz, Mexico Thousands of pace\u00f1os line the city's beachfront as fierce Indians prance around against the eerie music of drums and flutes. A regal-looking woman stretches her arms to the sky as if reaching for the gods. Next, guys wearing metal helmets and body armor come ashore from a rowboat, and then other guys in brown robes show up to bring Christianity to the pagans.
Ski Resorts for Early Season Skiing Early December can be a good time to find good, early-season conditions before the crowds arrive. Each season's weather patterns are different, but here are 11 ski areas (going from West to East) that are typically good bets for early season visits.
You'll Moon Over Mexico's Moon Palace Resort With 2,433 rooms across three resort sections -- each with their own decor, design, amenities, and appeal -- it's no shock that this is the largest Palace property in the world.
20 Ways to Travel Better There are two types of travelers in this world
For the First Time in Forever... I Did Not Enjoy My Vacation to Disney World Just so we're clear, I've been a humongous Disney fan ever since I was a kid. I've probably visited Mickey's playground three dozen times in the past several decades, and for so long it really did seem like the most magical place on Earth. But no more.
New 10-Year Visa Makes It Easier Than Ever to Discover China Central Yunnan offers real bargains. You can enjoy a Chinese breakfast for a buck or two, and a full splurge dinner for two with beer in a family-run restaurant is $4 to $7. A cab across town costs a dollar or two.
Muy Caliente! Miami's Hottest Beach Bods Temperatures are dropping but that's no excuse to huddle indoors, bundled in sweatpants, eating your feelings -- beat the winter blues and escape to Miami for a little fun in the sun!
The One Place In Asia You're Overlooking But Shouldn't 
We Looked At Airlines and Pet Incidents, And What We Found Surprised Everyone With pet travel incidents being in the news, and the holidays coming up, we wanted to know the real story behind pets traveling on airlines. So we did a little digging, and a bunch of research, and what we found was surprising.
World Schooling We've found the best way to do this is to place your kids into a local school immediately upon arrival, something we like to call world schooling. Here are some of the things we've learned about our version of world schooling.
3 Ways Technology Can Make Travel Easier 
5 Things to Do for Christmas With Kids at Disney World Believe it or not, the Walt Disney World Resort in Florida becomes even more magical during the holiday season.
Wrap Up the Hyundai Sonata for a Holiday in New Orleans Christmas New Orleans style is all about the food, the people and the atmosphere so why not take a break this holiday season in the Big Easy where there is something going on continuously during the month of December.
Chicago Airport's Security Line Was Reportedly Over 1 Mile Long 
The Colosseum Is Everything It's Cracked Up To Be 
9 Things I Am Thankful for Because of #Travel For me personally, I have quite a few items on my gratitude list this year and many of them I can attribute to my traveling experiences.
Route 66, Ride for the Relay, Day Eight 
A Reason for Every Traveler to Be Thankful For those travelers feeling the pangs of loneliness during a holiday away from family - whether you're across the state or across the world -- remember something to truly be thankful for
Cruising the Galapagos Islands Is a Voyage Back in Time Our rubber craft landed on the rocky shore of this island, one of several the ship visits on its various itineraries, and we were immediately greeted by a troop of sea lions, one of which plopped down on the path in front of us, blocking our way -- not menacingly, just lazily.
Love Letters 
Who Even Knew Airports Had Yoga Rooms? But there is something incredible, something so unexpected, about doing yoga in an airport. It allows you time to stop and breathe in a space that asks for nothing and leaves you craving nothing. And when you're ready, you can go -- go anywhere in the world you'd like.
If Gas Is Cheap, Why Are Airfares So Expensive? Turns out, a series of industry developments have put airlines firmly in control of prices, in a way they haven't been in perhaps a generation. As a result, fares may be about to rise even more. Fortunately, that doesn't mean travelers have to overpay for their tickets.
Unsettled by Global Warming The world changes. It burns. It's something to live by. My wife and I will settle into its fires one day, but right now they've inspired us to keep moving, to journey and live unpredictably.
9 Tricked-Out Dog Parks That Will Make Your Pup Go Wild 
Higher Learning Flying is soaring between Heaven and Earth with a very real sense of mortality and responsibility. It is a balance of forces to create lift and a balance of focus to maintain attitudes. For the pilot governed by Visual Flight Rules, 20 percent of one's focus is on the instruments while 80 percent looks outside at what God created.
If There's One Slice Of Paradise Left On Earth, This Is It 
Walking Alfred Wainwright's Coast to Coast On a crisp September morning, I stood with my dear friend on the West Coast of England staring out into the Irish Sea. We were about to embark on a walk to the other side of the country, Alfred Wainwright's Coast to Coast Trail.
5 Lessons Learned Couch Surfing in Amsterdam Looking back on my amazing experience with my new friends, there are five things my couch surfing experience in Amsterdam has taught me that can possibly help you if you are daring to test the waters to hang ten on strange couches.
6 Reasons Why Long Distance Train Travel Is Worth It 
Move Over, Eiffel 
5 Stunning Art Hotels Here, art isn't merely decoration but a defining feature of each hotel's identity, so don't be surprised if, on the way to your room, you stumble upon an on-site gallery or jaw-dropping collection.
It's Officially Winter, And We Want To Be Here Instead 
Istanbul's Newest Hotel Is a Stunner The Raffles Hotel group is spreading its wings from its Singapore base. No, there's no Istanbul Sling on the menu.
7 Essential Thanksgiving-Travel Reads Rule no. 1 of in-flight entertainment
Historic Cemeteries, as Seen on Instagram This might seem a little odd, but old and historic cemeteries are actually one of my favorite places to visit.
Why Bavaria Rivals Texas in State Pride After road tripping from Munich, along the German-Austrian border, and up the Romantic Road, I am now convinced that Bavarians outdo even Texans when it comes to regional pride. I've also seen what they have to be so proud about.
A Love Letter To Tallahassee With sun, sand, crystal-clear waters, fish and the perfect racing clay for my bikes,  I love looking for that next adventure in Florida. Tallahassee, where it all comes together beautifully, I love you!
'I Am Penguin, Hear Me Squeak!' A Bird Speaks Out From Inside SeaWorld's 'Antarctica' 
Gorgeous National Parks to Visit in the Wintertime Not all parks experience winter like the wonderland we see in movies, but the ones that do, are well worth the few added layers, just to gaze upon the sensational sparkling snow.
How To Get The Best Seat On A Plane If you've ever traveled on a commercial jet, you probably know to avoid picking the middle seat in a row of three. If you purchase a last-minute ticket or you didn't select a seat before check-in, you might not have any other choice but to sit between two strangers on a long transcontinental flight, but assuming you do have your pick of where to sit, it's worth spending a few minutes to make sure you're getting the most bang for your buck.
All About The New Quantum Of The Seas 
The Bag That Lets You Take Your Whole Closet With You 
Top 10 Extreme Shopping Spots Around The World Transform your holiday shopping experience with a visit to one of the top 10 extreme shopping spots around the world and experience everything from indoor skiing to underwater zoos and underground shopping.
Thanksgiving Travel Thanksgiving is right around the corner! But beware... Thanksgiving is the busiest travel time of the year. This means more flight delays, overbookings and cancellations.
The JT Insider Food Guide Norwegian chef Andreas Viestad -- presenter of the TV show New Scandinavian Cooking and former Washington Post food writer -- talks to Jacada about Norway's exciting culinary scene.
5 French Phrases That Will Save You Money When Traveling In France So you're feeling like you've mastered the \bonjours\ and \mercis\? Maybe it's time to kick it up a notch. Sometimes in Paris, hand signals don't always work when you are shopping or dining in a caf\u00e9.
Grand Finale, Ultimate Indignity - Blackballed by Greyhound 
I Went To South Africa To See Lions And All Anyone Asked Me About Was Ebola Yes, Ebola is scary, there isn't a cure, and people are dying. But Africa shouldn't provoke an instantaneous association with Ebola, because Africa is not a country -- it's the world's second largest continent, home to 15 percent of the planet's population, and a hell of a lot more than disease.
This Treacherous Bus Ride Through The Himalayas Will Make Your Jaw Drop 
The Most High-Tech Cruise Ship Ever Here are a few of the technology innovations on RCCL's new Quantum of the Seas, the first of three ships in its class, and without a doubt the most technologically advanced ship afloat.
Holiday Dinner Wines for Any Budget From a NW Resort Sommelier We asked The Resort at Port Ludlow's sommelier Anne Sackett -- known for hosting highly-informed wine dinners -- to step out of her award-wining cellar and offer her best holiday wine suggestions, for two different budgets.
The 7 Biggest Travel Myths, Busted As hunter-gatherers turned tourists, we may be hardwired to eat, seek comfort, maybe even shop, but how long do we look at a famous attraction before we're supposed to move on?
The 48 Problems With Flying 
5 Getaways That Are Only Good in Winter It's cold out. Not just \cold,\ but that finally-really-winter frigid that makes you feel achey, keeps you at home, and --\u00a0more often than not --\u00a0makes you feel totally, maddeningly stir-crazy. But fear not, our temporarily housebound readers
The Rottenest City On The Pacific Coast 
Welcome to Myanmar's (Empty) Capital City, President Obama! President Obama is about to go to Myanmar for the second time in two years - #BIGDEAL alert! - but, after a recent visit to Myanmar's brand spanking new capital, Nay Pyi Taw, I was wondering
9 Things You Should Know Before Booking Your Next Cruise To help you avoid common blunders, like flying to your departure port on the same day your cruise embarks or neglecting to reserve shore excursions, we've come up with nine ways to ensure a gratifying vacation from start to finish.
You'll Want to Travel for These 10 Craft Beers As the craft beer boom continues, serious fans go to greater lengths to get their hands on the latest limited-release grail brews.
A Journey Through Australia's Northern Territory I had been to Australia more than 10 years ago and spent time exploring bustling Sydney and beautiful Cairns. Two of my most favorite places ever!
Canadian Deal Destinations for Off-Season Travel Most of the country experiences off-season in autumn, so now is the perfect time to take advantage of lower hotel prices before the holidays hit, and check out some fantastic destinations.
How 'Slow Travel' Transformed This Couple's Life 
The Exceptional Traveler 
This App Will Make Your Friends For You 
10 Most Important Travel Documents When Traveling With Kids Unlike business travel or backpacking, travel with kids requires quite a bit of pre-planning and paperwork. Sadly, you cannot just arrive at the airport with your passport and an e-ticket on your phone.
1,000 Ways to Die in Australia Kakadu National Park is a place of awe, majesty, and wonder. Beautiful and incredible, it has few parallels on earth. But it also seems to have so many ways to kill you what it would truly humble that new comedy about the American West.
Worthy of the Commander-in-Chief While leading the country is one of the harder jobs you can have, it does come with a few perks. We imagine the extensive traveling is exhausting, but at least it gives presidents the chance to see some amazing places and stay in some of the world's most luxurious hotels
What It's Like Inside The World's Most Dangerous Ski Race 
Traveling Is Healing For Me Even all banged up from my bike accident, I felt the healing powers of traveling and being outdoors in nature. I knew two things
If Homer Were a Travel Blogger 
World's Only Airport Brewery Has Mad Hops 
6 Cool Things to Do in Macau Though it's sometimes referred to as the \Las Vegas of the East,\ there's a whole lot more happening in Macau than slot tables. Originally a Portuguese trading post, Macau is a unique blending of two cultures that you can see--and taste--throughout the city.
A Stroll Down Hudson, NY's Warren Street Perched along the river of the same name, Hudson, New York was once the 24th largest city in the United States, an important trading post and site of Martin Van Buren's first law practice.
How to Earn Hotel Perks Using Social Media The best part about it? You're being rewarded for actions you might have done anyway. You'd likely post the photo of your family lounging by the hotel pool, so why not earn some points or perks in the process?
Let History Turn Your Mundane Vacation Into Something Exciting Things are always more special when you know their back stories. I noticed this same sort of phenomenon in Tanzania when we ate at an organic restaurant towards the end of the trip.
5 Amazing Cities for Raising a Family (and They Aren't Where You Think) You've always imagined, even as a teenager, that most of your days would be spent commuting from the aforementioned suburban paradise to your workplace, so that you could just to come back home and do it all over again the next day.
10 Under-The-Radar Sites To See In London So if you've already made it to the tower, done the abbey and seen the palace then here are a few hidden London wonders to seek out and explore.
This Is Kinda Like eBay, But For Lost Luggage 
When Music Is Like \Sex on the Beach\ A variety of ingredients, all stirred-up with the beach as the backdrop and intoxicating -- that was the music scene in New Jersey this past summer, almost over but maybe a few more warm breezes of sound before the end of the year.
Cleveland, Ohio Is a Magical Place Seriously, go to Cleveland. You couldn't spend a weekend better than to take the lovely drive, or better yet, a bike ride, along MLK Jr Boulevard past the various gardens highlighting the nationalities of the different immigrant communities that have moved into the city over the years.
5 Awesome Festivals in India You Shouldn't Miss Indian culture is pretty damn ancient and the variety of what it has to offer is quite mind-boggling. The festival of Diwali has just gone by for example, with its lights, colors, fireworks and delightful cuisine.
Holidays in the Caribbean One big reason to go to the Caribbean during the holidays is that they want you there.  This brings the prices down on airfares, hotels, attractions, diving, water sports, shopping and more.  You can find special packages all over the islands to encourage holiday travel and visits.
The 10 Best Cities In America From the \smartest,\ and \fittest\ to the \best place to meet single men.\ PureWow ranks the 10 best cities in America. Did your hometown make the cut?
Want to Try Something New? Go Here Instead From the Italian beach nobody else has discovered to the European hot spot that's still way affordable, these seven off-the-beaten-path places are at the top of our travel list for 2015. Pack your bags.
7 Must-Have Experiences in South Africa Whether it's the people, the culture, the scenery or some combination of all of the above, there is something about the country that compels you to want to explore more.
HuffPost Readers Share Their Life Changing Travel Experiences And Give Us Extreme Wanderlust 
Fairy Tale Attractions to See with Kids in Europe 
Despite the Test Crash, Still Want to Orbit? Some Basics on Space Tourism After the recent rocket plane test crash, is there still hope to go where no man or woman except 500 or so astronauts, political hangers-on and celebrities have gone before? Will space tourism remain a stellar goal for those select risk-takers?
How to Fund Your Travel Lifestyle If the lack of money is stopping you from achieving your travel dreams, with a little flexibility, creativity, and resourcefulness, you'll be able to live your travel dreams on any budget.
Business Travelers' Favorite Food Spots 
These Are The Most All-American Towns Around 
5 Film Hotels of Halloween Horror Hotels inspire the horrific and macabre, and with Halloween almost upon us it's time to celebrate haunted rooms, menacing presences, poltergeists, and even the occasional Log Lady lurking in the lobby.
Instructive Capers With the Capers It's an old clich\u00e9 that Canada is entirely like the United States -- a sort of 51st state. Of course, it isn't. It has some qualities that are characteristically Canadian, not American. The \Capers,'' a  mix of Scottish, French, English, Irish and those whom Canadians call members of the \First Nations'' (our \Native Americans''), have a very strong regional identity.
Travel Well For Less The most important thing to remember is that flexibility means savings. If you can move your travel dates, departure times, and itinerary -- even just a little -- far more fares will be available to you, including those better suited to your budget.
The Barhopper's Layover And that's your Chicago layover made better. From a classic Tiki Bar to a throwback 1920s Chicago speakeasy, either of these places are worth the trip during another boring drawn out Chicago layover... or delay.
The 2014 Lexus CT 200h Takes Haunted New Orleans Everybody loves a good ghost story. Or, a vampire tale or a witches scare.  Have any idea where the number one city in the United States is that you can find this all in one place? New Orleans of course!
5 Reasons Cape Town Is The Best Place To Be Right Now 
The 10 Cities You'll Be Talking About In 2015 
The 10 Worst Airports In The World 
In-flight Etiquette Flying can be tense, and shrinking seat sizes don't help. In fact, research suggests that crowded flights can lead to a breakdown of normal social functioning among passengers. But flying doesn't need to bring out the worst in you.
How To Take Your Dream Vacation Without A Guidebook Or Expensive Cell Charges 
Going Dutch in Amsterdam's Craft Breweries After centuries of domination by its neighbors -- Belgium, Germany, and England -- Holland's brewers are finally picking up the mantle and forging a new, distinctive, Dutch path.
Australia Is Giving Us MAJOR Wanderlust Right Now 
There's ANOTHER Grand Canyon 
Don't Get Burned on Your Next Vacation At what age should we start slathering on the creams to protect our skin from the dangerous UV rays? Is it enough to only use creams and lotions? Does it really expire after a year? And heck, are you supposed to wear sun-protective clothing all year?
9 Places That Will Freak You Out Here is a collection of spooky stories to raise the hair on the back of your neck, and to tell others as you're driving down a remote country road late at night.
10 Politically Incorrect Travel Hacks Of course we all know the commonsense ones, like
These National Parks Are Believed to Be Haunted Why spend a fortune for just a few hours at a fabricated haunted house when you can explore truly spooky sites for a whole day in the wild?
5 Companies That Help Us Travel Cheaper 
A Love Letter To Columbia It's been 23 years since I was dropped off at your doorstep with only a suitcase, a box and not much to offer. You quickly became one of the best things that ever happened to me.
SmartDepart, The Site That Helps Make Choosing A Hotel Easier 
How Two Months Of Travel Changed This Family Forever 
5 Reasons to Fall in Love With Kansas City America loves the Kansas City Royals. All the attention on the Royals has put a spotlight on this heartland city, nicknamed the City of Fountains.
How to Save Money on a Family Ski Trip 
Paris Journal Having propagated almost biblically, the descendants of the Lost Generation have become like a plague of locusts. You can't go anywhere in Paris without seeing Americans and just when you think you've located a bona fide Frenchman.
Spending the Holidays at Sea When the air turns crisp and cold, cruise lines know families look to flee Old Man Winter with a sunny, tropical escape. That's why many cruises enhance their holiday offerings to lure families onto the ships.
The Colorful Abandoned Town You Have To Visit 
10 Stunning Images Of Remote Destinations 
My Lust for the Little Frenchie! The Francesinha is a sandwich concoction of epic proportions, packed with almost every type of meat that Portugal produces.
These Chicago Landmarks Are Open To The Public For The First Time In Decades 
This Is The Most Wow-Inducing Landing Sight Around 
How to Book Two Trips for the Price of One One of the best arguments for using miles instead of cash to book your flights is that the routing rules are so much more flexible for award travel. Many loyalty programs allow you to add connections, stopovers and open jaws to your itinerary -- meaning you can combine multiple trips into a single award.
A Love Letter To Miami When people say \Miami\ they don't just mean the City of Miami. They mean Miami Beach and Bal Harbour and Coral Gables and just about any place and everyplace within the county boundaries. And while I loved every inch of you for what you once were, I love you even more for what you have become.
3 Tips For Traveling Where You Don't Know The Language Although many tourists can get by with English alone, a big part of cultural immersion is being able to understand and communicate in the native tongue. You don't need to become fluent, but picking up a few key phrases will help you make most of your travels abroad (and keep you safe, too).
A Postcard From Sydney Australia's largest city is also the jumping off point from exploring Australia, and the city with the most inbound flights from North America. Here are some essential tips to plan and enjoy your visit.
How to Fly With Kids Flying with kids is never ideal, and can feel more like a necessary evil than a vacation at times. Unfortunately, short of magically teleporting, there are few ways to move a family thousands of miles within a day's time, crossing oceans and time zones in the process.
How Travel Taught Me Someday Is Today Someday I'll go there. Someday I'll do that. Someday I'll have enough money and time for that trip. This is the internal monologue we have with ourselves. We let fear speak louder and louder until we succumb to it by staying comfortable within the areas that we can control.
5 Destinations Worth Escaping To For The Winter Holidays It's almost that time of year again -- the holidays are quickly approaching and I'm getting the itch to take a quick trip for the winter.
These Are The Most Romantic Fall Getaways 
Here's How To Plan A Trip To Disney World With Special Needs Kids Children with autism need to know what's going on, and about the environment that they're traveling to. Now you can do this two ways.
11 Reasons To Visit Girona, Spain 
This Road Sign Is A Lot Less Helpful Than It Looks 
Mauritius Just Jumped To The Top Of Our Bucket List Because Of This 
The Sunrise Kempinski Hotel Is Worth The Trip To China Alone 
15 Jaw-Dropping Caribbean Hotels 
The 5 Sexiest Neighborhoods on Earth Thanks to chic shopping, trendy bars, and high-end real estate, certain neighborhoods just happen to be populated by really ridiculously good-looking people.
Apps That Make Travel More Social Whether you're in the planning stages, or already on your way, here are eight apps to help you engage with your fellow adventurers.
This Is How You Have A Royal Vacation In Hawaii 
Turkey's Real-Life Ghost Town Is Beautiful AND Haunted 
Learn to Ski or Ride at Age 30 and Beyond You know the saying, \you can't teach an old dog new tricks?\ Yup, that's a real thing.
Discover the Cult of Lincoln at Springfield's Historic Pasfield House Inn As a history buff I was pretty excited to visit Springfield, former home of Lincoln (easily in my top 5 of U.S. Presidents) and a slew of iconic Route 66 spots like the Cozy Dog Drive-In (home of the world's best corn dogs). Oh, and the chilli. Mustn't forget the chilli.
5 Hostels That Are Nicer Than Hotels Forget everything you know about youth hostels -- the squeaky bunks, the communal baths, the dude from Poughkeepsie who's been backpacking for two weeks but has totally seen the world, man, and U.S. imperialism has, like, got to be stopped.
5 NYC Pizza Shops to Check Out Immediately Whether you call it a pizza, pie or pizza pie, there's no denying New York City is home to some of the best in the country.
50 Fictional Places You Can Visit In Real Life 
Should You Be Planning a Trip to the Caribbean #OneHappyIsland? First thing is the country's weather and topography. Unlike its neighboring islands, Aruba's terrain is rugged and rocky on the northeast coast, closely resembling a desert-like climate and less like the tropical paradise you may expect.
Which Popular Vegas Show Is Good for Me? With so many shows to choose from, there's something for everyone in Las Vegas.
5 Reasons to Get Out There Summer has \officially\ ended (although we have all heard that before) and it was a blast. It seems to me like this was the fastest one yet due to the vast amount of traveling that occurred.
100 Miles of Wild Breathtaking and frail, this dangerous landscape is completely off-limits to all tourists, and rumored to house strange and undocumented animal species, dinosaur migration trails, unexplored caverns and cave systems, and possibly bandits hiding away from civilization.
My Secret Montana There is something to be said about the road less traveled. It opens up your eyes and greets you with opportunities and experiences you wouldn't have otherwise. I'm writing specifically about a trip that I took this past summer into the far reaches of Eastern Montana.
A Day at Discovery Cove Orlando I had high expectations for my visit to Discovery Cove. First and foremost, this is right up my alley. I love everything ocean and animal related, especially hands-on experiences.
The Great Wall View You Didn't Know Existed 
You Forgot to Pack These 8 Things Hey, you forgot something. It's okay. Everybody does it. We interviewed hotel concierges to find out which important items travelers tend to forget the most, and we got some advice on how to best deal with your loss.
6 Major Reasons Why You Should Do Business In Vegas 
How to Make a Mixtape for the Road The best kind of mix celebrates the destination and the travel companion.
Watch As Two Teenagers Climb Up A Skyscraper 
7 Shameless Ways To Get An Upgrade Even if you do belong to your airline's or hotel's loyalty program, you're still competing with countless other travelers for the same upgrade. To rise above the pack, it'll take smarts, a strategy, and (dare we say it) shamelessness.
Incredible Free Museums Around the World Jetting around the world isn't free, but cultural enrichment can be.
Why Cape Cod is Best in Autumn! We all know charming Cape Cod as the idyllic summer getaway. But come autumn, the crowds thin out, the locals return, all the beaches are free, the fall colors reflect off the gorgeous waters...and much of seafood is at its prime!
Inspired by Poverty Point, New Orleans could seek UN heritage status The Paris-based United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization in June designated an ancient Native American complex known as Poverty Point, east of Monroe, as Louisiana's first World Heritage site.
Visit Sacred Scottsdale in the 100 MPGe 2014 Ford C-Max Energi For the ride of your life in a destination that is both stunning and mystical, visit Scottsdale, Arizona and drive the ultra earth-friendly 2014 Ford C-Max Energi.
America's Weirdest Fall Festivals Whether you're betting on speeding coffins, tasting teriyaki bear or just yelling your head off, autumn brings a sense of excitement to the kookiest festivalgoers.
So THAT'S Why We Sleep So Well In Hotels 
This Italian Town Defines Perfection 
Why Waiting To Book Flights Is Costing You BIG Time 
Bizarre New Service Offers Home-Delivery Airplane Food 
These Are The 25 Best Sunsets Around 
Why Wait for October? The World's Biggest Beer Festival Is Already Under Way Oktoberfest is one of Germany's greatest cultural exports. Yet every time I mentioned it to German friends in Berlin, I was met with eye rolls and groans.
7 Small Islands That Should Be On Your Radar There are many smaller, closer-to-home islands that are loaded with local charm without the high price tag (or long plane ride).
Copenhagen by Bike Is Best Copenhagen in the autumn is an especially good idea.  The weather is good, the tourists are gone (except for you, of course) and you can get into some of the best restaurants without waiting for days or even week.
An Unhappy Happening in Happy Valley This time the idea is for  a glorious boat trip north up the coast of Labrador in a 'luxury cabin' aboard the Northern Ranger ferry to the little villages of Nunatsiavut, the province's  autonomous Inuit area, which means 'our beautiful land' in Inuit.
Southern Comfort When it comes to the mechanically cooled contemporary American South, this may be close to blasphemy. But here goes
Where To Go This Thanksgiving 
How To Get A Free Upgrade On Any Trip 
If This Isn't The Most Charming Way To Travel, We Don't Know What Is 
These Stunning Overhead Beach Photos Are Enough Last You To Next Summer 
How To Reenact Your Favorite Hawaiian-Set Movies 
Travel Hacks from a Savvy Traveller Looking at my half packed suitcase as I write this and I might be repeating others but here are my tips for 'savvy' travelling.
Why You Don't Need To Travel To Find Yourself This world is so full of awesomeness like great food, music, beautiful arts and gorgeous buildings. I wouldn't want to swap these things for some elusive, intangible goal of finding myself.
Trolling Humans for Whales, and Other Divine Madness From the North Country 
10 Reasons Why Baltimore Should Be Your Next Weekend Getaway 
Your Dream Vacation Home DOES Exist, Even If It's Not Real Yet 
New Countries, Who's First? 
Travel Tipping Holiday travel is right around the corner and I'm offering a few of my travel and hotel tipping suggestions.
Resorts Encourage Kids to Get to the Slopes With Great Lift Ticket Prices With an ageing population, ski areas know that it's vital to get children involved in snowboarding and skiing if our sport is to live, thrive and survive in the long term.
Chasing Windmills In Spain With The Masters Of course a gathering like this is only a fantasy, but imagine how unforgettable it would be to learn about Spanish literature, art and culture from the greats who created so many indelible works.
The Mystery of the Tomb of Alexander the Great The disclosure of the remains of the great conqueror and demigod to many, Alexander, is nothing less than a dream-discovery to the archaeologists and historians around the world.
Being Present In some cultures, wearing local dress and participating in local ceremonies is not appreciated.   And even in Bali, there are some ceremonies that are off-limits to outsiders. But in many Balinese communities, as in many communities elsewhere, the opposite is true.
This Is Clearly One Of The World's Best Beaches For A Reason 
Ireland's Spirits and Spirits in the 2014 Ford Fusion Energi 
Airline Passengers! Is There a Right to Recline? Being a grown-up -- rather than a toddler --  means recognizing that world doesn't revolve around you. All your needs won't always be met. The needs of others matter too. And if your needs are in conflict? You communicate.
At the Easternmost Point of North America 
The 5 Best Places To See The Leaves Change Color This Fall The air is cooling (finally!), the kids are back in school, our favorite sweaters are coming out of storage, and all the trees are starting to change color. We love it -- with one, crucial caveat. We're city dwellers, and access to the vividly color-changing outdoors can sometimes be... well... limited.
8 Of The Best Nude Beaches In Europe Maybe it's their permissive attitude toward public nudity. Maybe they just understand that tan lines are as offensive as taking selfies on the shore. Whatever the reason, topless (not to mention full-on nude) beaches in Europe are plentiful.
The Top Italy Tours for 2015 A tour can be a great way for first-time visitors to get an idea of what Italy is all about, while more experienced travelers have the opportunity to dive deeper into the local culture they've learned to love.
Pack Your Purell Before You Visit The World's 'Filthiest' Tourist Attractions 
Sonoma's Wackiest Wineries The next time you make a pilgrimage to the Wine Country, swing by some of Sonoma's wackiest tasting rooms, where you don't have to be a master sommelier to have a good time.
Hemingway, Tourism, and the Contradictions of Revolutionary Cuba 
Different From the Norm Forget chain hotels with cookie-cutter appointments
Adventures in Our Own Backyard We don't need to be in transit to be able to approach our days this way. It is possible for me to be living my normal life and be excited for the unknowns of the day. I meet new people and do new things every day.
We Found The Two Most Precious Islands In France 
A Pair of Skis and a Toyota Highlander Hybrid, That's Colorado My mission was to put together an itinerary that was heavy on the cold weather fun, but minus the downhill activities that most folks come to the Rocky Mountains to enjoy.
You Know Where You Are From the Very First Bite I was discussing an upcoming New Orleans trip with friend and fellow foodie Jessica Collins. She said \When I took my first bite of turtle soup at Commander's Palace, I knew there was no other city I could be in than New Orleans.\ Truer words have never been spoken.
Suddenly, Everybody Is Planning Trips To Brangelina's Wedding Town 
The September Travel Sweet Spot What makes the ninth month No. 1 for travelers on a budget? The combination of lingering summer weather, a sharp drop-off in leisure travel, lower flight prices and smaller crowds at just about every tourist hot spot makes September the month with the most.
New York Fashion Week 2014 Already, we've seen plenty of celebs out and about in the city, and most are shacking up in their usual haunts -- i.e. the city's hippest, most luxurious hotels.
Abandoned Island In Naples Has A Freakish Curse 
The Exceptional Traveler Sri Lanka has absolutely everything a traveler could want. Miles of sugary beaches lined with palm trees, wildlife reserves, ancient ruins that house massive Buddhas, historic colonial towns, a bounty of tropical fruits -- and it's safe.
These Were The Snowiest Ski Resorts In America Last Year 
Napa Valley, Perfect Weekend Getaway In a further attempt to tempt you to Napa in the near future, here is a list of some of my favorite places to enjoy when visiting the Napa Valley, all of which are currently up and running! So what are you waiting for?
This Is Where Everyone In Europe Is Relaxing Right Now 
America's Most Scenic Roads 
Why Playa Rincon Is the Best Beach in the World I have been to MANY beaches in my life, but not many have left me speechless. I came to Dominican Republic in search for the perfect beach, and behold - it has been found!
Outdoor Public Art to See Now (PHOTOS) Explore 10 of the coolest outdoor public artworks on view now, from New York to Chicago to Seattle.
9 Breathtaking Google Street Views Of Hawaii 
From Brigadoon to the Twilight Zone in Canada's Gros Morne National Park A new group comes on, only 10 and all very ancient. The rain has stopped and the views of the little fishing villages, the green pine-clad mountains, the snow-streaked peaks and the reddish ramparts of the Tablelands are perfect.
5 Simple Tips For Taking Killer Instagram Travel Photos 
This Couple Is Homeless, On A 1,000-Day Canoe Trip, And Completely Inspirational Spending more than two years in a canoe carrying everything you own with you might sound like torture to some. But to Canadian couple Jennifer Gosselin and Pierre P\u00e9pin, along with their Karelian Bear Dog Jasmine, it's the adventure of a lifetime, and a new way of life.
The Cheapest City For A Cultural Adventure Is... 
History in Scotland Meets Class in the 2014 Lexus IS 350 What goes better with a Scotland sojourn that the oh, so fancy 2014 Lexus IS 350, not only cutting edge cool, but refined and redesigned perfectly for the buyer looking for pristine styling and an interior complete with amenities that surpass the usual fare.
How To Have The Perfect Vacation, According To Kids 
Just in Time for Labor Day Weekend Just make sure there's a grill where you're going, and you can take your ultimate Labor Day BBQ on the road.
War, Remembrance, Five Star Accommodations and Great Flea Markets are Hallmarks of Berlin The movie won Best Picture that year, and the lavish sets designed by the great Cedric Gibbons perfectly depicted a Five Star hotel in all its grandeur.
Minnesota State Fair in Posters 
Our 5 Favorite Espressos in London In the last ten years, espresso pop up shops, coffee trolleys, and artisanal pour-overs have proliferated across central London and into the furthest reaches of the city -- meaning (thankfully) that an excellent cup of coffee is never more than a few streets away.
The World's Most Beautiful Coastal Drives After rounding up the best coastal drives in the U.S., Australia, and Ireland, you responded with your favorite ocean roads around the globe.
5 Labor Day Escapes That Are Totally Worth the Money Whether you're craving one more trip to the beach or are searching for the perfect end-of-summer festival, getting away has never been quicker, easier -- or more affordable.
How Not to Look Like a Tourist in Berlin Put your map away and enjoy getting lost in the city; you'll be surprised how diverse and charming the different districts are. West Berlin, for example, is enjoying a renaissance, and has recently changed in the eyes of many locals from boring no-go zone to the new and exciting place to be.
A Departure It's currently August 18th, and I've spent nearly a week in Bangalore. My cello case, contrary to my earlier worries, has survived intact.
Which Tropical Island Is Right for You? Scattered through the seven seas, these seductive islands are the perfect example of everything there's to love about tropical life.
10 Incredible Horseback Riding Adventures Lush green coffee plantations, snow-capped volcanoes, game-rich safari plains and the rainforest wilderness are just some of the extraordinary destinations just waiting to be traversed on horseback.
Home.  Where's That? I may miss out on having an easy answer when someone asks me where I'm from, but I feel blessed to have enough places that fill me with happiness to make me struggle with the question.
Kenya for Those Who Like Silver Linings A significant travel bargain right now---and this is even during the high season--is Kenya where skies are brilliant blue and more than 2 million wildebeest and zebra have migrated from Tanzania into the legendary Masai Mara.
16 Accessories to Improve Your Travel Experience If you are planning a late summer vacation of your own, here is a rundown of some of our favorite travel accessories to help you get the most out of your trip.
The 2490 Mile Cross-Country Road Trip with HelloWorld (PHOTOS) A cross-country road trip is on the bucket list of most Americans. While we have some incredible sights and landmarks across the country, half the fun of going on road trips these days is sharing the experience with friends and family!
Rejecting Consumerism As an avid traveler, I pride myself on my sense of being in the moment with each new journey and destination. Yet the second my camera, the proof of \how much fun I was having\ was lost, I became inconsolable. It forced the unpleasant question of the motivation behind my travel.
An Appalachian Trail Road Trip This road trip will also deepen your knowledge of American history and geography. The Appalachian Trail passes through 14 states, but the best driving routes are the Skyline Drive in Virginia and the Blue Ridge Parkway in North Carolina.
Luxe or Budget I recently spent a few days in Paris, at the height of the summer. It was beastly hot, and the downside of Paris being voted the #1 tourist destination is, well... tourists - an overcrowded, cacophonic abundance of them. Yet I had a fairly blissful trip.
Unique And Immersive New Hampshire Driving Tour Brings You to Portsmouth, Concord, Hanover Generally, tourists head to New Hampshire for its mountains and lakes. It is the Granite State, after all. But this four or five day mini-escape introduces you to New Hampshire's riches of a different sort
Family Travel Planning for Outdoor Adventures- Los Tweens Our family absolutely loves the National Parks. We planned and waited until our twin girls turned eight so we could head out on our first real adventure including hiking in Yellowstone National Park.
7 Secrets of Seattle Seattle is renowned as the home of Kurt Cobain, the venti Frappuccino and depression-inducing drizzle (see
The 10 Cheapest Countries To Fly In 
Historic Photos from the Minnesota State Fair For 12 glorious days the people of Minnesota (and all visitors to the state who are most welcome) immerse themselves in all things Fair-related; even those who don't go every year know all about it.
Six of the World's Best Sights in Skiing I've developed an additional criteria for a great ski trip. It's what I call the \surreal factor,\ something one ski area offers that no others do -- hopefully something weird, something wacky.
The Only Thing Better Than A Waterfall Is A Triple Waterfall 
You Can Pretend To Be An Oxford Student For $158 Per Night 
What To Do During Orlando's 'Frozen' Summer Let's talk about the elephant in the room. Disney in August is everything you would expect. There are crowds, there is heat, there is humidity. And yet, it is one of our favorite times of the year to visit the theme park.
Vinland, or the Guy Who Pipped Columbus at the Post The Icelandic sagas speak of the epic journey from Greenland but for centuries nobody could identify the spot where young Leif and his crew set foot in what they called Vinland.
Uber Just Sneaked Into Your Airport Routine 
5 Scientific Reasons A Beach Vacation Is Necessary For Your Health 
This Island Is Literally In The Middle Of Nowhere 
Useful Tips on Renting a Family-friendly Villa Traveling with family or a large group? Renting a villa may be a better value than a hotel. With the right villa rental, you'll have more space, family-friendly amenities and can live like locals rather than tourists. Plus, depending on the villa, you can save money.
This Is The Most Terrifying Extreme Sport We've Ever Seen 
Sexy Outdoor Showers Maybe it's months of this summer heat that's getting to us, but lately we've been loving the idea of showering outdoors. We guess we've just decided that there's no better way to cool down and wash away inhibitions than with an outdoor scrub down. Here's a list of 10 of our favorite hotels that have private outdoor showers -- some even have outdoor baths!
Never Lose Out On A Good Deal Again With British Airways' New Fare Option 
40 Percent of American Workers Will Leave Paid Vacation Days Unused An important new study released this morning by Travel Effect found that 40 percent of American workers will leave paid vacation days unused. The four reasons cited the most are the dread of returning from a vacation to piles of work (40 percent), the belief that no one will be able to step in and do their job for them while they're gone (35 percent), not being able to afford it (33 percent) and the fear of being seen as replaceable (22 percent). \Americans suffer from a work martyr complex,\ said Roger Dow, President and CEO of the U.S. Travel Association. \In part, it's because 'busyness' is something we wear as a badge of honor.\ Clearly, we need to work harder about working smarter -- by not working all the time. The \work martyr\ complex needs to go the way of the Dictaphone, typewriter and green eyeshades as relics of the workplace of the past (okay, I like typewriters, but you get the idea).
Why Mega-Cities Are Mega-Awesome Though they may be a bit busier than the countryside, cities are hubs of history, culture, and entertainment. So we suggest you leave the quiet country behind and give the city a whirl. Here are eight megacities we can't get enough of.
Wizard Island Is Pure Magic 
This Innocent Map Looks Just Like A Penis 
Andrew McCarthy Gets Behind The Wheel At Dream Racing 
Traveling With a Baby Checklist No matter how savvy of a packer you are, baby is going to need a suitcase, a diaper bag and a slew of other things that will take up space. So, here's my advice on what to pack before you hit the road if you have an infant under 1 year old.
18 Reasons Kenya Needs to be Higher on Your Bucket List There are few places in the world that have the incredibly varying landscapes that Kenya has, which is what makes this small, yet breathtaking country such a magical place to visit.
The Man Bigger Than Bigfoot It's not too often one gets to meet a true cowboy, especially if that cowboy happens to be the legendary Bob Gimlin, the man who encountered Bigfoot on that fateful day of October 20, 1967.
The JT Insider Food Guide Acclaimed chef at the helm of The Test Kitchen -- named among the World's 50 Best Restaurants -- Luke Dale-Roberts gives us his recommendations on how to experience Cape Town's exuberant dining scene.
Trippin' Through the '90s If your kids are like mine, they were just born and can't remember these seminal events. But thankfully, many of the places these events took place still exist and you can relive them with your children. Here is a coast-to-coast road trip of fabulous '90s landmarks.
Andrew McCarthy Gives Pep Talk To Vegas Bride 
Love Letters 
Wartime Hotels Behind the beautiful brochures and websites that describe the amenities of glamorous hotels, there are often stories that involve scandals, death, illicit love, foreign intrigue and espionage. Wars and political strife escalate the range of possibilities.
This Might Just Be Canada's Best Kept Secret 
Cruising Bermuda 
5 Ski Resort Beer Festivals Not to Miss Ski resorts offer large open venues, great views, and a population of eager enthusiasts (AKA skiers) ready to knock back a few pints.
Babymoon Like a Celeb We're always looking for an excuse to go on vacation, and thanks in large part to pregnant celebrities, \babymoons\ are becoming a very real thing.
These Two Crazy Germans Just Drove a MINI Cooper Around the World Meet Fritz Fritz Kreis and Thomas Fuerst, two insane Germans who just drove their MINI Cooper east from Heidelberg, Germany to New York City. If you thought that last coast-to-coast trip you took was pretty epic, you have now been officially one-upped
Top 11 Camps for Adults Who says just because you're an adult means you can't enjoy life as a kid again?
Inside Paris With an Urban Explorer Anne Ditmeyer is many things
Andrew McCarthy Raps With a New Orleans Native 
The Most Overrated Vacation Destinations, According To YOU 
Best Ice Cream Sandwich Parlors in the U.S. Ice cream is arguably the one dessert that everybody, adults and kids alike, cannot help but love - maybe it's because not only does it cool you down on hot summer days, it's also very comforting.
Andrew McCarthy Has Colorful Conversations With NOLA Locals 
When Did America Get So Weird? After living the first six months of 2014 in Provence, France, my wife, Kathy, and I figured we'd face some minor cultural readjustments coming home to Boston.  Coffee mild enough so that it didn't grow hair on my chest, for example, or showers, with four walls instead of three, that didn't bathe the entire bathroom floor.
Star Watch Etiquette August is vacation month -- for celebrities as well as for the rest of us!  With so many clients reporting celebrity sightings from all over the world, I have put together this brief etiquette guide in case a star crosses your path!
Northwestern Namibia's Splendid Isolation Portuguese sailors who risked washing up on its deadly shore called this desolate region that runs north from of the coastal resort town of Swakopmund to the Angolan border the \The Gates of Hell.\  The Bushmen called it \The Land God Made in Anger.\ The Skeleton Coast is all those things, but undeniably beautiful too.
How Much Did Everyone Else Pay For Your Flight? 
Free Wi-Fi Is More Dangerous Than You Think 
Andrew McCarthy Goes For A Drive On Ocean Drive 
The Quin is Manhattan's Quintessential Luxury Boutique Hotel and one of the Best in the World 
Chasing the World's Highest Tides in the Bay of Fundy 
Travel Insurance It all comes down to what will give you the most peace of mind. How bad are the consequences if something does happen and you don't have insurance?
Grand Spots In Grand Forks North Dakota's \Survival\ City It's been 14 years since the spring of \come hell and high water\ when the city flooded and then caught fire, and Grand Forks, North Dakota is back to normal.
These Are The Busiest Flight Routes In The World 
Upstate NY Hottest Destination a Return to the Roots The picture perfect romantic getaway town of Claryville, New York has opened its Art Center this weekend with its first show, the work of acclaimed Russian-American artist, Alexander Kaletski titled \Forty Years in America.\
Florida's Secret Geography 
Andrew McCarthy Learns About Chinese Herbs In San Francisco 
Photographer Travels The World In His Grandpa's Footsteps 
A Love Letter To Yountville 
7 Bucket List Sights You Didn't Know You Could Cruise To You can get to some of the world's most historic and significant places, including lots of UNESCO World Heritage sites, both in traditional cruise ports and through longer land-based extensions.
'Star Wars' Expansion Coming To Disney Parks 
The 10 Best US Beaches Where You Can Drink (Legally) 
In Bangkok Bangkok, listen. Bangkok, no. I say, no. I do not want a suit that's specially made. I rarely tie a tie. My wife may gawk at fitted Chinese dresses, she may touch their magically thick twill. She will not buy.
Why I'm Not Leaving Florida (Yet) As I prepare for a move from my Pensacola home, located on the Gulf Coast in the Florida Panhandle, over to St. Augustine on the East Coast this weekend, I am reminded why I've grown to love Florida and have decided to stick around.
Selfie Stands Take Tourist Photos To A Whole New Level 
Now There's A New, Swankier Way To Stay At Disney World 
Finally, A Plane That's Designed With Personal Space In Mind 
Lollapalooza Bound? What To Eat, Shop, And Do In Chicago 
Kid-Friendly Summer Vacations What's the secret to a great family vacation? Finding a location that allows everyone to explore and have fun -- at their own pace. A spot where the kids (most likely bursting with energy) can have a blast while you enjoy a relaxing massage and a margarita... or several margaritas.
The Way to San Jose - Things to Do If you want to make the most of your future visit, the following recommended activities can be accomplished during a long weekend.
10 Luxury Islands That Are Surprisingly Affordable 
Paris Hotels Let Guests 'Pay What They Want' This Summer 
Why Does Everyone Hate American Tourists? Venture even further, and you'll quickly find that the image of the American tourist is reflective of how the world at large views Americans
Which Honeymoon Destination Is Right For You? You've searched the world and managed to find the perfect person with whom to spend the rest of your life. But now you're faced with searching for another ideal match -- your ultimate honeymoon destination.
Before Sunrise in Vienna, Austria We're still learning new things about each other, asking questions as we put ourselves in new situations and refitting the puzzle pieces of our personalities into different pictures as our love matures.
'Explore Umbria' With Steve McCurry Perugia is about an hour's train ride away from Spoleto, and Steve McCurry's exhibit there is fabulous. He is a terrific photojournalist, probably best known for his powerful National Geographic cover shot of the beautiful 'Afghan Girl' with the piercing eyes.
LEGO Around The World 
The Truth Behind My Travel Photos Pretty travel photos mask the work it takes to reach the destination. There is no shortcut to Easter Island. But with a little patience, the journey often becomes the best part.
Yes, Arctic Surfing Will Be Your Next Vacation 
And Italian Bathrooms... 
Pyrenees Journal I In November the Catalan people who occupy that part of Spain that is closest to the Pyrenees (Cerdanya is the name of a part of the Eastern Pyrenees that is shared by France and Spain) vote in a referendum on the subject of independence.
Cruise Ship Horror Stories Revealed 
Best Places to See Baby Animals (PHOTOS) You can book a trip to cuddle a koala in Queensland, spot rare cave chicks in Cook Islands, or peek in on the world's teeniest primates in Peru.
If You Think Airlines Suck, It's Because You're Flying The Wrong Ones 
This Beach Is Basically Heaven On Earth 
The 'World's Widest Water Slide' Is Outrageous (And Illegal) 
There's Another Tower In Paris, And Its Views Are Even Better 
Are 'Dronies' The New Selfies? 
The Stunning Parts Of Oahu That Tourists Don't Get To See 
6 Ways to Incorporate Wellness Into Your Next Trip If you don't want to book a spa, it isn't that hard to put together a DIY wellness trip, or simply to incorporate some elements of wellness into your own independent style of travel. Here are some ideas to get you started.
Barcelona Journal IV Picasso was born in Malaga in 1881 and in l895 arrived in Barcelona, as a young art student. If you'd seen his work for sale on a street corner would you have snapped it up?
Vacations Just Like Home, Only Better I started thinking about this in Maine, during a visit to the Black Point Inn. Viewing the sunset over the ocean from a sprawling porch with a glass of wine in hand was great but it was the people there who made it special.
Family Golf Family golf offers youngsters the chance to develop skills in a sport that can be played for a lifetime. Here are seven places where your crew can tee it up together.
4 Options 
Is This The World's Most Terrifying Theme Park Ride? 
Why Would Google Leave A Fake Town On Its Maps? 
OTP's Guide to Partying Your Ass Off in Madeira A Portuguese island in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean, Madeira adds flavor to its Mediterranean seasonings by smothering itself in booze, soaking in year-round warm weather and setting it all ablaze with the world's greatest fireworks show.
Buying Skis Understanding sidecut, turn radius, and other measurements found on ski specs will help you choose the right pair for your style of skiing.
Looks Foggy From Here! 
Best Hotel Bathroom Designs (PHOTOS) Today's hotel bathrooms are about more than just the sum of their sinks and showerheads. These days, they serve as ultimate sanctuaries, providing the comforts of home or transporting guests to another realm.
Photographer Captures the Amazing Moment Lightning Strikes an English Field The quiet of Waveney Valley, on the Norfolk/Suffolk border in East Anglia, was broken by an early-morning summer storm. Fortunately, local photographer Simon Buck was up at that ungodly hour to capture the extraordinary beauty.
Would You Buy a $1 Airfare? Congress May Be About to Airlines and their congressional allies have subverted parliamentary procedure to pass the Transparent Airfares Act, first through committee and now through Congress, where the bill is expected to be added to the suspension calendar.
Livestream Now 
The Case for Guaranteed Minimum Vacation for US Workers It's time that the U.S. catch up with Canada, Germany and Japan and every other advanced nation in the world, and it's time to bring vacation equality to those 28 million working Americans. Paid vacation for workers in the 21st Century workplace is a policy whose time has come.
WATCH 
Africa's Most Photographed House Is in Danger Designed by Alan Donovan, the beautiful building overlooks Nairobi National Park, and is described by Architectural Digest as \an architecture rising from the serene Kenyan plain like an outcropping of earth, a vision of usefulness...\ However, this priceless piece of cultural history is now under threat.
Why the Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 Tragedy Will Not Keep Me From Traveling It's never easy to cope with the death of 295 innocents, let alone the thousands upon millions that have already been lost to politically-charged conflict. What we can do as travelers, is what we do best -- travel.
3 Rules for Studying Abroad in Europe This Fall The weather's great and the pool is warm, yet you already can't wait for next school year because you have a one-way ticket to Europe and a semester (or two) of awesomeness and exploration on the horizon.
Six Easy Tips for Traveling Like a Local You're clearly looking to make sure you enjoy everything the city has to offer. Given this information, this is how you lay the foundation for great experience.
Where The Sound Of Music Meets The Cows If I had to describe the beautiful Nockalm road in one sentence, that's what I would use to get people to visit it. I got your attention, didn't I? But, you are probably wondering
Inside Queens with a Tastemaker 
A Love Letter To Oakland The sense of pride I feel in living in Oakland is that of an \underdog\ type of pride.  I have always been the underdog and Oakland, you celebrate diversity and adversity against the odds and this is why I love you.
11 Adventure Races That'll Blow You Away Have you participated in endurance races like Ragnar, Tough Mudder, and the Zombie Run... and you're still left wanting more?
Weekend Getaway Palm Springs is the ideal West Coast weekend escape. Thanks to its close proximity to San Diego, Los Angeles, and Phoenix, this desert resort city was basically made for vacations and getaways!
Why Locals (and You) Will Love Copenhagen This Year 
The Best Places to Visit in Miami... in Two Days So you're going to Miami for a weekend of fun in the sun. You're planning on checking out the city's art, food, museums, beaches, and hotels. Well, look no further!
A \Brazillion\ Reasons To Visit Brazil... World Cup Or Not You didn't make it to Brazil for the World Cup? No worries! The South American nation's beautiful beaches, cosmopolitan cities and natural wonders are worth the trip no matter when you decide to go.
An Ode to Betsy It's fitting to describe you as an ode, an Ancient Greek word glorifying an event or individual, or in my case a small splendor of a hotel. I poetically connected with you during my short stint in Miami, Florida, and darling, I thank you for that.
A Portrait of Travel, from Kodak to Instagram For a perfect symbol of how travel has changed over the last 20 years, I vote for that little cheese-yellow box of Kodak film. Oh, the debates we had about how many rolls of 24 or 36 exposures to cram into our bags.
Take A Plunge Into 'The Gem Of Texas' 
3 Recycled Structures That Beautifully Transformed Their Communities 
Are You Tough Enough to Trek? These are the types of big lessons and small delights that make trekking a worthwhile pursuit at any age.
10 Unique Places To Say \I Love You\ in France Sometimes a couple wants more romance than a kiss at the top of the Eiffel Tower or while sunning on the Mediterranean in St Tropez. Here are 10 unique places to say your I love you's in France this summer.
Vermont Journal III Robert Cormier's The Chocolate War was a famous young adult novel. But the war is over when you get to Burlington. Lake Champlain Chocolates has won.
6 Hotels That Cater to Millennials How do you woo a millennial? It's a question dogging brands that want to reach the young, creative class of tech-toting, oversharing individuals.
5 Ways To Make Long-Haul Flights That Much Easier Transcontinental flights can be trying for even the most seasoned traveler. From spending six hours in the same spot to adjusting to new time zones, preparing for a long-haul trip is important to make sure your travel is as pleasant and as comfortable as possible
Two-Day Roman Holiday Right about now, Rome is overflowing with tourists glued to guidebooks and iPhones, rather than actually looking at the city's grandeur, statues, churches and paintings.
Namibia The lion stared at me, less than 10 meters away, then growled. I cringed, realizing that with just a quick, short leap, he could pull me out of our open safari vehicle and drag me away.
A Century Later the Same Old Thrill The first time I flew in an airplane, I was six. It was an Eastern Airlines flight from Miami to Newark, probably in a DC-8, but I can't say for sure.
Private Memberships to Have Now (PHOTOS) In a globalized world, member-based organizations have never mattered -- or meant -- more.
UNESCO's 1,000th World Heritage Site Is Stunning The marshy area, which comprises two million hectares, provides water to the giraffes, zebra, antelope and elephants during the dry winter months.
10 Annoying Vacation Pictures 
Hoodoos of Cappadocia Turkey's central plateau is home to a very unique set of geological features known as \hoodoos.\ Over the centuries these hoodoos, also known as \fairy chimneys,\ have been carved out to create monasteries, castles, homes, churches and entire cities.
Airport Lines and the Survival of the Finest With the summer travel season in full swing, the anticipation of warm waters and far-away sights comes tinged with the less pleasant prospect of long lines at the airport.
5 Fun Facts About the Washington Monument 
Ever Heard Of Es Grau? 
Amazing Facts About America's Most Famous Landmarks 
The New Jet Age Has Arrived 
Three Boeing Fuselages Fell Off a Train Into a Montana River If planes are your thing, I recommend checking out Wings and Waves waterpark. It's a pretty rad waterpark in Oregon built around a 747.
America's Oldest Pubs This Independence Day, party like Sam Adams (I don't want to jump to conclusions here, but the man does have a beer named after him) and toast to freedom at one of these Revolution-era pubs!
The Bizarre Attraction That Is New York City's Boat Graveyard 
America The Beautiful, In 14 Hypnotic Time Lapse GIFs 
5 Countries You Can Visit for Less than $50 a Day Each of the cheap countries for travel has plenty to offer travelers on tight budgets, even if their cities and historic sites may not be as famous.
Meet Meteora 
These Out-Of-Office Replies Are Going To WIN The Fourth Of July 
Six West Coast Destinations For Yoga Lovers When planning a vacation, it can often feel like you have to choose between a relaxing trip and an adventurous one. But it doesn't necessarily have to be an either/or scenario -- especially when you incorporate yoga into your West Coast vacation in North America.
A Love Letter To Boise Moving for your senior year of high school can do that to you. Moving from New York to a place that a significant portion of Americans can't locate on a map -- or think is part of Canada -- will definitely do that to you. But I've boomeranged back and changed my tune to #DamnILoveBoise instead of \damn this town!\
25 Awesome Ways To Enjoy New Orleans Like A Local 
The 11 Most Endangered Historic Places In The U.S. 
All The Flight Patterns Across the North Atlantic In A 2 Minute Clip 
This Bizarre Blanket Measures Your In-Flight Happiness 
3 Steps to Planning the Perfect Road Trip Veer off the main road, take pleasure in not being on a cramped, full flight, and let your car do what it was made to do. With the right car, the right company and the right attitude about the journey, the behind-the-wheel world is your oyster for the summer.
OTP's Guide to Swagger on the Road Make like the hippies, beatniks, rastas, and punks and pioneer your own street style.
Greece's Jewish Community - Over 2,000 Years Old Jewry for over two millennia, or the ancient community of Rhodes, nor such famous members as Colonel Mordechai Frizis, the officer who fought valiantly against the Italian invasion in 1940, that recall how widespread Greece's Jewish community was before the German Holocaust.
Hilton Head Island Is The Best 
Belize Proves \Good Things Come In Small Packages\ The ex-British colony, lodged between big brother Mexico to the north, the jungles of Guatemala to the south and west, and nestled on the world's second largest barrier reef to the east, offers a wide range of exploration to satisfy all travelers.
The Revolutionary War Told through Five Bars If you want to experience the Revolutionary War on our Independence Day, go to one (or preferably all) of these historic watering holes.
The World's Largest Intact Volcanic Caldera Between two and three million years ago one of the largest mountains in what is now Tanzania collapsed in on itself during a powerful volcanic explosion.
The Magical Dolphins of Slovenia The first time I saw dolphins was in Slovenia, when it was still called Yugoslavia, while on vacation with my parents. We lived in Paris and most summers my parents rented a small flat of two rooms in the coastal village of Piran, where we usually spent a few weeks at the time.
It'll Be Grand 
Travel Tuesday Some people look past the sensationalism and all those razor-sharp teeth to see sharks for what they really are -- streamlined, beautiful animals that are fantastically adapted to their environment (there's a reason they've been around for 64 million years) and, for the most part, aren't too interested in eating humans.
5 Amazing Libraries You Must Visit To safeguard libraries from analog death, modern book houses are spruced up with crazy cool architectural cues and new forms of media to keep you people comfortable and entertained while being informed.
The Norwegian Town Whose Name Is One Letter Long Manufacturing the world's longest town name sure put the village of Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch, Wales on the map--if there are any maps that actually have room for a 58-letter town.
5 Wimbledon Tips Whether you're trying to snag a cheap seat to this week's matches or planning a decadent Wimbledon escape for next summer, here are five insider tips for surviving The Championships -- in both bargain and luxe style.
Pools Around The World You'll Want To Take A Dip In Pool parties are a novelty in NYC, but you won't find throngs of bikini-clad bachelorettes a la Vegas or South Beach. That's thanks to the bouncer and strict guest list.
Flybe Will Launch 'Shuttle Bus In The Sky' 
Go Here, Not There! 
Strip Down And Get Sweaty At Finnair's Unisex Sauna 
This Could Be The World's Weirdest Hotel 
13 Reasons to Travel for a Festival 
5 Dream Trips You Can Actually Afford 
Where Is Amelia Earhart's Plane? After she flew the Atlantic solo in 1932, landing in a farmer's field in Londonderry, Northern Ireland, Amelia Earhart became the most famous woman in the world.
These Incredible Wide-Open Spaces Will Make You Ditch Your Fancy Travel Plans 
Movies That Make You Want To Travel Every Time You Watch Them Each of these films makes you want to get off the couch, away from that bowl of popcorn, and on board the next plane to wherever it was you were just watching famous people doing cool stuff.
9 Ways You're Driving Flight Attendants Insane Today's low-fare, hidden-fee air travel has turned once-courteous passengers into a short-fused mob determined to take out their frustrations on the hard-working men and women who just want to serve them a refreshing half-can of cola.
The 10 Best Island Beaches Around The World Beach season is officially here, and though there are many amazing shorelines to explore, our readers are partial to island beaches.
Travel Musings 
A Love Letter To Atlanta I believe in your future like you believed in me. You've given me confidence and happiness. You've given the South hope for a brighter future for all. And you've given the country an example of what it means to rise up.
5 Things to Channel Your Rio Style Seriously
The Hotel Suites to Book in New York For most travelers, booking a hotel is a simple means to an end.  While the room itself is rarely the highlight of a trip, what a  difference it makes when it goes above and beyond.
The Pop-Up Hotel That Makes You Actually Want To Camp 
Heading to the Caribbean? Advice to Stay Safe Travelers heading to the Caribbean may face the \The Deadliest Animal in the World,\ a pesky and deadly little critter -- the mosquito that's infecting individuals with a less commonly known disease, chikungunya.
OTP's Guide to Street Food Eating well in Brussels isn't known for being cheap but counting on Belgian beer binges for your caloric needs isn't going to cut it on an empty stomach. Luckily, you don't have to be sitting in a an art nouveau palace to try some traditional Brussels treats.
In Search of the Sea Gypsies (PHOTOS) Chao Le seems to live their lives as the day comes. They rather use trading instead of money.\nThey fish, hunt for pearls and sell their handcrafts to tourists. Like the local Thais, they have a calm, respectful way about them.
The Cave Of Massive Technicolor Trampolines 
9 Summer Vacations That Let You Cool Down 
4 Reasons to Visit Switzerland This Summer I recently met up with Alex Herrmann, director Americas, Switzerland Tourism, and he gave me an eye-opening education about Switzerland and the many wonders it offers travelers - outside of skiing.
Greece's Rock Portrait Gallery, From Craggy Ogres to de Gaulle's Nose When it comes to seeing human, animal or any other likenesses in Mother Nature's giant crags, rocks, cliff faces and mountain outcroppings, nobody can be more obtuse than Yours Truly.
Cathedrals, Palaces, Towers 
Slushing in Utah at the End of Ski Season We're here on the weekend when most of the well-known resorts close. Great timing, I know. Among them
What Nobody Tells You About Your Favorite Tourist Attractions 
Praia de Iracema Is The Place You Should Have Been This Week 
In-Flight Movies Have Come A Long Way 
Airport Lounges 
Ready To Go To Westeros? 
The World's Ten Best Hotel Pools Whether you prefer drifting in heated pools among ice-flecked mountain peaks or looking out over the Pacific from the tropical beaches of Tahiti, this selection of 10 jaw-dropping swimming pools will have something for you.
9 Reasons to Plan Your Vacations Around Eating Everyone knows that museums, galleries, scenic tours, and even shopping are downright difficult when you're hungry. At a certain point you realize
Tenerife Tourism Officials Tell Locals To Be 'Nicer' To Tourists 
Most Adventurous Moment If you want to go and have an adventure, go and do it. Don't be put off by titles, or inexperience, or lack of 'the gear', or anxiety. Don't be put off by anything.
What the @$%* IS the Bullet Ant Ritual? 
The Sea of Cortes \Ferocious with life\ is what John Steinbeck said of it; Jacques Cousteau called it the Galapagos of North America. Both were captivated by the Sea of Cotes and on a recent cruise through Baja, California, Mexico so was I.
How to Choose Your Chicago Beach Want to feel some sand between your toes? You don't have to go to the Caribbean, Rio or even South Florida.
USA Photographer Of The Year Winners Show Off America's Many Beautiful Angles 
The 2014 Chevrolet Corvette Takes St. Tropez Like a fine wine that just keeps getting better (of course, it's French) Hotel Byblos in St. Tropez is the kind of place you will return to again and again. Like the perfect set of wheels in fact, and what could go better with the South of France than the 2014 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray.
OTP's Guide to Partying Your Ass Off in 
A Love Letter To Los Angeles The sun shines brighter, the wind is breezy and the nights are warmer when you're around. The simple touch of the California sun filtered through you feels like a gentle kiss on my cheek.
Gilded Glamour Galore Newport feels halfway like a field trip to the past and halfway like being a part of a museum of what once existed. Its mansions stay intact, though mostly open for public tourism, giving the town a stately appearance.
Greece's Rock-Pinnacle Churches The red-roofed complexes with their Byzantine churches in their lofty aeries are indeed pretty, but it's their incredible perches atop the pinnacles that make the place -- and not the hordes upon hordes of tourists taking selfies.
Proof That Millennials Are Travel Snobs 
The Happiest Seaside Hideaways You'll Want To Visit Right Away 
Edge of Tomorrow as Spiritual Travel Metaphor I have come to believe, through my own spiritual lessons on my travels, that we are born each lifetime needing to \wake up.\ Once we do, our jobs are simply to grow as much as we can.
Why Montpellier's Old Town Is One of France's Perfect Little Cities Want to spend a few days strolling through narrow, centuries old streets, viewing the old masters and modern art, savoring southwestern French cuisine, and listening to music in the squares?
4 Must-Visit Neighborhoods in America's Finest City San Diego often does not receive the attention it deserves as a tourist destination. Yet with beautiful beaches, perfect weather, friendly people, fresh food and a lively downtown, it's easy to see why San Diego has been named \America's Finest City.\
What City Is Your Music Soul Mate? As tunes have evolved, some cities have garnered more of a reputation than others for preserving music's narrative.
Carry-On Rules Revisited I'd never heard from the United and Delta media relations people before (hey, I've only been writing and/or tweeting about air travel for 25 years). But I sure got an earful.
Common Mistakes That Will Ruin Your International Trip When we think about travel, we think about carefree oceanfront days, road trips across an entire country and exploring new lands. Getting away is an opportunity to take a break, relax and reflect, above all else.
Wai-O-Tapu Is Yet Another Reason New Zealand Is Heaven 
Your Weekly Travel Zen 
Thanks To Google Maps, You Can Be At The World Cup 
This Is What It Looks Like When Planes Land Right Over Your Head 
10 Reasons Why You Should Follow The TSA On Instagram 
It's Back! Cincinnati's City Flea Returns 
We've Seen The Future of Flight, And It's AWESOME 
When The 'Best Seat In The House' Requires A Bathing Suit 
11 Awesome Sports Bars Around The World 
How To Properly Fold A Jacket To Avoid Wrinkles This is a short and simple trick that can make all the difference. Ever wonder why men always look so crisp and tidy even after a ten hour trip? Their secret
Airlines Change the Carry-on Rules American (as well as Delta and United) have fairly new carry-on bag limits, including a 14-inch maximum width -- and my bag is 15 inches wide, as are many carry-ons.
Love Letters El Paso, the city only ever passed through, possessing an unassuming veneer over your rich cultural treasures.
How To Order 'One Beer, Please' All Around The World 
35 Fun Gifts for Dads Who Travel Sometimes I'm bumbling through airport security with three daughters, diapers and pacifiers flying in all directions; sometimes I'm flying luxuriously solo, rocking my wireless office. Both of these types of Dad-travel require different levels of preparedness and equipment.
New York My teenage daughter and I took four days this week to explore the city and find the best lodging, dining, tours, and shows -- all the ones that aren't yet famous, but should be.
Sicily! Wine, Culinary & Cultural Explorations (PHOTOS) As we clinked glasses of Nero d'Avola and gobbled salty, gooey ricotta and crumbly pecorino atop crusty bread, we agreed somewhere in the world it was happy hour.
Diving Cuba's Gardens of the Queen National Marine Park On March 30 I plunged into the depths of the Gardens of the Queen National Marine Park in Cuba. I had some trepidation, as it had been a long time since I had donned a tank to spend time 60 or 70 feet below the surface.
Go Coast To Coast In The Time It Takes To Eat Your Lunch 
Before You Head Over To Brazil 
Nature Changes Site of History's Most Famous Last Stand The sea once hugged this pass so closely that a few thousand Greeks could hold off 1.7 million Persians, if the ancient historian Herodotus is to be believed, in the 300-foot wide defile where numerical superiority was useless.
Thrill Rides! Orlando's Top Roller Coasters With super-turbo speeds and insane upside-down loops, these roller coasters aren't for the kiddos.
7 Amazing Places Where People Are (Literally) Living On The Edge 
The Knee Defender Is The Only Thing For Your Next Flight 
Incredible Landscape Photos Taken On An iPhone Impress Us All 
Exploring the Wine Country of Beaujolais June sparkles here. Roses, poppies and other flowers bloom along stone walls and around the vines.  The summer crowds have yet to arrive. Time, too, has its own pace.  If the islands of the Caribbean have island time, Beaujolais has vineyard time, typically measured around wine tastes and easy talk.
Your Weekly Travel Zen 
There's A Haunted, Abandoned German Village In The Namib Desert 
16 Ways Travel Affects Your Well-Being 
How You Can Stay Free (or Super Cheap) on Your Next Trip Planning a trip -- especially an international one -- is a difficult task when you're trying to find the best of everything at a reasonable price.\nFor those of us on a strict budget (practically all of us), value becomes that much more important.
10 Great Getaways Within The World's Busiest Cities 
What To Do If You Hate Your Cruise 
Here's What To Do In The World Cup Host Cities Besides Watch Soccer 
Handling the Masses at the Vatican 
This Just Might Be The Spot That Inspired 'Frozen' 
A Love Letter To Madison The most magical of all gifts, however--that which I so desperately strive to recreate--is the sense of belonging I have to this city and its people. Nowhere else is mine the way those homes have always been. No doors propped so perpetually open, no isthmuses idly beckoning me back.
Does Travel Make You More Employable? Taking an extended journey around the world changes one's life for the better. Travel forces you to become social and adaptable. One has no choice but to walk up to strangers, talk to people and make new friends while on the road.
Meet the Caribbean Island With Multiple Personalities Not only can you enjoy a traditional afternoon tea at Sandy Lane, the country's most posh resort, but you can also jam with locals at Oistins, the popular street party/fish fry.
Top 10 New Gay Travel Hot Spots Sure there's Amsterdam, Miami and Rio, but for travelers looking for an alternative to the typical gay-friendly destinations, there are cities around the world you might not have thought of as popular gay destinations.
8 Quirky Towns Where You're Free To Be You And Me 
The Easiest Step-By-Step Guide to Start Traveling If you want to go somewhere else, get up and move. No one else can do it for you. At the end of the day, this whole travel thing is being made out to be so complicated and convoluted.
Yes, There Is A Cliff Diving World Series And Yes, The Cliffs Are Insane 
The Most Stylish Cruise Ship Strutting Its Stuff at Sea Celebrity's Solstice-class cruise ships have a stellar reputation for good reason
Hiroshima Visit Brings Feelings of Guilt to American Born in Japan I felt slightly nauseated and, being the only American there, tremendously self-conscious. But the Japanese smiled, were incredibly polite as is their nature. I could detect no outward hostility. I smiled back, sheepishly, but I sure felt guilty inside.
How To Get On Italy's Sh*t List The proud people of the Boot are passionate about life, and can get passionately pissed off if you break any of the unwritten rules that define their world-celebrated, and oft-imitated, culture.
Attendez 
10 Reasons Why You Should Go To Vancouver Island In June 
3 Gorgeous Wine Tours In 3 Countries 
Your Weekly Travel Zen 
5 Of The Most Interesting Restaurants In The World 
These Beautiful Then & Now Photos Of Liverpool Will Delight The History Nerd In You 
Bid On Your Airline Seat The Next Time You Fly 
What's Up With These Disappearing Airfares? The issue of fare advertising has taken on a renewed sense of urgency now that Congress is considering removing the Transportation Department's full-fare advertising rule, which requires airlines and ticket sellers to display a price that you can actually book.
Guide to Adventure Sports in Veracruz, Mexico Veracruz isn't the Mexico you are used to, and you'll thank us for that. Let your adrenaline loose for less, and get a taste of the real Mexico while you're at it.
Cuba in the Time of Cholera 
Making Venice Magic 
Romantic Kissing Spots On The Island Of St. Thomas It offers something special year-round with warm seas, cool breezes, perfect weather and enough mystery and glamour to be the perfect jet-set vacation spot only a stone's throw away from home. St. Thomas is also a hidden gem for romantic moments.
Hotels With Live Music Whether it's sunset concerts sung in the local language at Malawi's Kaya Mawa resort, up-and-coming musicians performing at the Santa Monica beach club Casa del Mar or access to one of the most renowned music venues in the world at the W Austin, hotels have found a way to truly shape their atmosphere.
Of Course There Are Champange Drones In California 
Twelve Years a Slave and African Heritage Tourism 
9 Upcoming Music Festivals in the World's Best Cities While music lovers have plenty of summer festivals to choose from, it's rarely the music alone that attracts a crowd. For our purposes, a festival is only as good as the city it's in.
From the Maasai Mara to the BBC's Big Cat Diary 
The Perfect Place To Channel Your Inner Pirate 
The 'Joys' of Boarding I'm in Chicago, waiting to board my flight. The \depultures\* are circling, and the gate attendant is about to begin to \pre-board\(?) travelers deemed worthy to enter the aircraft before everyone else.
Love Letters What draws me to you the most is the people who live here. The people are genuine, kind and loving people. Anyone coming to visit feels immediately welcome and comfortable here. Almost everyone comes to Temecula from somewhere else - it makes for an eclectic blend of people that just somehow works.
The Best Locals In The World Live Here 
Armin's Vision for Ehrenberg 
Daring Foodie or Leisure Lover? Iceland Has Both Covered Just a five-hour flight from New York City, the Scandinavian-influenced capital of Iceland is awakening for the day when tourists from the night's red eye arrive. The sleepy scene promises a quiet retreat, but adventure seekers will also find plenty to occupy their schedules and taste buds.
When A Natural Pool Forms On A Beach, Ridiculously Fun Things Happen 
The Love Castle - a Weird Miami Landmark Miami has a wee bit of history, sometimes hidden in layers of sunscreen and sunburns, but nevertheless there.
How To Swear Like A Local 
You Might Want To Cover Up If You're Going To Qatar 
This Cave Of Crystals Is Not The Fairytale You're Expecting 
A Little Slice Of Venice In... Turkey? 
Cultural Gems We Bet You've Never Heard Of There are a few (and by a few we mean many) exceptional sites out there that you've probably never heard of, but that definitely deserve a top spot on that travel bucket list of yours.
Your Weekly Travel Zen 
See The World Without Leaving Wherever It Is You Are Right Now 
This Hidden Waterfalls Is Totally Gorgeous 
Mexico's Cenotes Are Totally Worth A Visit 
Get From Spain To Portugal In Less Than A Minute 
Canada's Best Kept Secret 
Totally Absurd (or Completely Awesome?) Travel Pillows You Need to See Embarrassingly enough, we all gave these little cushions a shot. After approximately two minutes of shifting and squirming, we realized it wasn't a miracle -- just another illusion of coziness that's virtually unattainable when you're surrounded by strangers in a cramped cabin.
Top 10 Historic Battlefields Our top 10 historic battlefields are just a sampling of the places where we can pay our respects to the fallen. However, they stand out for the attention they pay to preserving and sharing the history that unfolded on these very spots.
The Best Surf Towns For People Who Don't Actually Surf 
This Floating Palace Hotel Is All We Ever Wanted And 'Moore' 
10 Luxury Hotels For Long Weekends There's always a long weekend on the horizon, so here's 10 of the best places across four regions -- North America, Europe, Middle East and Asia-Pacific -- for a short but sumptuous escape where you're guaranteed to get spoiled rotten.
The 18 Most Underrated Cities In The U.S. Along the way we've discovered some incredible places that rarely make the top destination lists compiled by traditional travel media. So we decided to start a series dedicated to promoting the world's most underrated cities.
Make the Most of the Coast After ten years as a New York City resident and a taxing, unforgiving winter, my eyes opened for the first time to Southern California's truly natural beauty.
12 Indie Spots in Hong Kong I've found that despite being labeled as a city firmly focused on \out with the old, in with the new,\ certain areas of Hong Kong still retain their old-world charm. These small cultural pockets -- neighborhoods of boutiques, artisanal bakeries, and independent coffee shops -- are helping to enrich the bourgeoning cultural scene.
Keep a Lid on Vacation Costs I'm not a big believer in pre-planning every single detail -- sometimes the best vacation moments are spontaneous. But unless your rich uncle is paying for the trip, you'll need to do a certain amount of preparation or your budget will fly out the window.
12 Beach Vacations With No Passport Needed Shaded cabanas, bright beach towels, shell-collecting, sunscreen and sand between your toes -- a little sun and beach time can do wonders.
5 Tasty Beer Museums You Must See Beer and brewery museums aren't just great tourist attractions, they're also places to get in touch with the lifestyle of the locals. After hitting a brew-seum, keep your buzz riding at local pub and show off your new found knowledge.
Grand Bahama Island 
From Bean to Brew With Costa Rica's Organic Coffee 
10 Reasons Why Las Vegas Does Summer Better Than Everyone Else 
Some Corner of a Foreign Field, Part II 
Swim Here This Summer 
5 Things You Need to Know About Travel Insurance The last thing we're going to do is spin some sad story about that one time we were on a trip and had our camera, laptop, [insert other expensive item here] stolen or damaged beyond repair. We all know it happens, we all think it won't happen to us and one more story won't change that.
20 Reasons Why South Australia Is the Trip of a Lifetime A team from Sydney University traveled to 10,000 Australian beaches, evaluating them on the colors of the water, cleanliness and privacy, and voted the virgin Vivonne Bay beach on South Australia's Kangaroo Island as the best in the country.
Memorial Day Road Trip Travel Etiquette If you are tired, let someone else do some driving. Respect your exhaustion. Never risk the safety of yourselves and those around you to try to get to your vacation spot a little earlier. It's just not worth the risk.
Fine-Tuning Our Tour Program 
9 Most Luxurious Hotel Amenities Ever Even in the world of luxury travel, some hotels offer pretty average amenities. But then there are others with extravagant extras that amp up the wow factor till it's totally over-the-top.
Your Weekly Travel Zen 
All The Private Islands You Should Visit This Summer 
9 Carbon Copies of World-Famous Landmarks Who says there's nothing quite like the real thing?
One of Australia's Best Kept Secrets 
5 Vacations You Can Feel Good About Taking 
Exploring the Seaside Town of Nigran, Spain We caught up with Carla to learn more about her, her work, and Nigr\u00e1n. Read on to learn the best spot to grab a beer in this seaside paradise.
5 Reasons Bucharest Is the Paris of Eastern Europe (PHOTOS) Alas, give yourself four to five days to see Romania's neoclassical treasure.
The South African Retreat That Totally Rocks (Pun Intended) 
Go For Preakness, Stay For Everything Else 
Eight Wonders Sites in Europe Happy voyage! Like J.R.R. Tolkien would say
Touring the Town That Disney Dreamed Try to imagine the perfect town
Iconic War Grave 100 Years On 
Get Lost In These Seven Cities 
Destination San Diego and/or Miami It's never too late to start confronting the process we're all constantly undergoing as we all are getting older day by day.
Take A Trip To New Caledonia, Our Newest Archipelago Obsession 
How To Break Your Way Into A Locked Suitcase... Just So You Know 
Bye Bye American Airlines, Bye 
The Kia Souls Got the Right Moves on a Journey to Borrego Springs, California 
Want To Up Your Instagram Game? Read This 
20 Places Where Dinosaurs Still Roam The Earth 
Insanely Cool Hotels You'll Have To Stay In To Believe 
Kaank'uun to Cancun Today, fun-in-the-sun-loving tourists and wannabe archaeologists alike are bedding down in some 41,000 rooms in 385 hotels along the powdery beaches of the Riviera.
How to Fold a Shirt in Three Seconds If you are a constant traveler (and even if you aren't), you know that time is of the essence. In order to avoid spending precious time folding shirts, here is a trick to have it ready and folded in just three seconds!
32 Signs That Prove Deep Down, At Your Core, You'll Always Be A Tourist In New York 
The 11 People You Don't Want To Go On A Road Trip With 
Summer Skiing Today, there are more than 5,000 ski areas around the world and while some 97 percent of these are closed between May and October, a stoic 150 or so do stay open during the six months of the year when the rest do not.
The (Great) Wall Less Traveled...Hiking the Huangya Pass in Tianjin's Ji County, China For reasons quite clear, visitors often claim they prefer the Huangyaguan experience over the more frequented Great Wall sections such as Badaling. Why?
Exploring Incredible Istanbul My most recent exploits took me all the way to Istanbul and it was quite the adventure. Founded in 660 BC as Byzantium, in 330 AD it became Constantinople when it was overtaken by the Roman emperor Constantine.
Your Weekly Travel Zen 
The White Horses of the Camargue These, as one of the oldest breeds of horse alive, also remind us that there is beauty in nature worth nurturing, and a true partnership to be had, if we allow ourselves the profundity of such a relationship.
The 10 Busiest Days For Summer Travel 
When To Buy Your Fourth Of July Airplane Tickets 
WATCH 
It's Official 
Cyprus I'd like to apologize to everyone who has ever asked me for a recommendation on where to go. You see, I hadn't been to Cyprus, and surely, the answer should almost always be Cyprus.
The Ultimate List Of Cheap Vacation Resources 
9 Party Beaches You'll Want To Celebrate Life At This Summer 
A Millennial Perspective on Concur's New App Center I'd made the trek to the City of Jazz for Concur Fusion 2014. As a newly emerged travel blogger with a background in business development, I'm eager to learn more about corporate travel; but mostly about travel technology.
MEH 
We Found The Gates Of Hell So You Don't Accidentally Stumble Into Them 
Playover on Oahu Last month, Hawaiian Airlines kicked off non-stop service three times per week between Honolulu and Beijing. If you're planning on visiting China, it's worth a 24- to 36-hour pit stop in the Aloha State for some fun in the sun.
A Love Letter To Dallas I can't deny that when I see the Green Building, something inside me stirs and I know I'm home (except when it's red, or pink or white...we still need to talk about that). In so many ways you've shaped the person I am today I love you for it brother.
Kid-Friendly Itineraries in Five Western U.S. Destinations That Cater to Adults The best say both. The following Western US destinations are world-renown as wedding destinations, wine regions, or spa retreats, but have a secret
In Aruba, Life's a Beach Some people love a parade, some love a rainy night. I love a beach. After a long, hard winter, I was so ready for the beach. Aruba, here I come.
7 Tips For Getting The Most Out Of A Trip To The American Southwest 
EccentriCities P\u00e5skekrim is merely the tip of the proverbial iceberg, and Oslo is a city teeming with weirdly wonderful facts, traditions and travel opportunities -- characteristic, some might say, of a country that has the world's nicest prison and that developed one of the greatest foods known to man.
An Open Letter to the TSA Agent at JFK Airport I'm not going to mince words here
3 Ways to Make Your Trip Gay -- Even If You're Straight 
You Really Shouldn't Climb These Mountains... 
29 Reasons Millennials Make The Best Travelers 
5 Mother's Day Gift Ideas to Spoil Your Globetrotting Mom After she's been out in the sun, she can use this product to soothe, hydrate and heal her skin so she doesn't have to worry about solar damage.
Insanely Beautiful Public Gardens You Need to See There are many different types of gardens, but perhaps the most beloved of all are public gardens, which highlight all types of horticulture and serve as low-cost attractions that provide fun activities for visitors of all ages.
10 Cool Nature Retreats With Unbelievable Views Where do you go when you want to get away from it all? How about one of these 10 wild nature retreats with million-dollar views?
10 Reasons to Visit Scotland This Year This small nation offers untamed and dramatic natural beauty, a turbulent history, great drink and intriguing food. This year, however, is not just a good year, but a great year to visit Scotland.
Nasty Hidden Travel Fees That Must Die From fuel surcharges to resort fees to port charges, the travel industry's laundry list of ancillary costs grows. Here are some of the fees you should watch out for, along with advice on avoiding the nickel-and-diming when possible.
Your Weekly Travel Zen 
Bardo Museum 
'Selfie Holidays' Is The Newest Travel Craze 
Add Sa Pa To Your Bucket List 
Take A Trip To Abu Dhabi and Dubai Without Ever Leaving Your Seat 
15 Instagram Accounts To Follow If You Want To Be Jealous Of Aussies 
Incredible Seaplane Views of Anchorage, Alaska Head over to Lake Hood, the busiest seaplane port in the world with more than 1,000 aircraft basing themselves on the lake. There are more than 90,000 takeoffs a year, so you'll be able to book a flight on just about any day.
Midnight Baseball Games in Anchorage, Alaska The Glacier Pilots is a college summer baseball team that has played for over 40 years. They've launched the careers of pro players like Mark McGwire, and the team has helped over 160 other players to go on to the Major Leagues as well.
Where to Go Dogsledding With Alaskan Huskies In the middle of the Chugash Mountains lies one of the largest dog sled training camp. Here, the dogs spend months training for the world's famous Iditarod race.
Powerful New Documentary Shows Effects of Tourism on Barcelona 
Why Gay Travel Is Great for Straight People Society is more integrated than ever. Gay people are more openly participating in so-called \mainstream\ culture. And straight travelers have changed too. Heterosexual people are checking into gay-owned bed-and-breakfast hotels
This Is North Korea's Version Of A Luxury Ski Resort 
The Best Airline For Your Money Is... 
From Cave Painters to Cassoulet I'll always be grateful to southwest France and Bart for giving me 100,000 years of memories.
A Love Letter To Fairbanks I've traveled all over the world, yet every time I am away I long to return to you. Every season brings a different adventure and unique beauty, but nothing compares to the sights and scents of late summer.
Destined for Fun at Sandestin Golf and Beach Resort I have always been drawn to the beach, but of late it is often difficult especially during the winter months to find a place that is not overrun by tourists or so remote that I begin to get anxious about trying not to be anxious.
The Fantastic Faroe Islands It didn't take long before I was imaging myself staying there for a season, walking on Koltur's huge, overbearing hill and along the frothing swells of its coastline by day. A romantic dream, I guessed to myself. But then I remembered, that was what had brought me here in the first place.
Put Your Camera Down I took 13 photographs in less than a minute and a half. I sadly don't remember much of what happened, since I was too busy looking at my iPhone. The worth of a scene was how many people on the Internet (that I didn't know) 'liked' or shared my photo.
PHOTOS 
Tourist Scams, Part 3 Do you love being self-sufficient by buying your own metro ticket in Paris, Rome, or other large cities -- but get tired of locals huffing and sighing behind you as you stumble around on the screen to choose the right train or fare?
Flying Private Is Becoming Affordable 
5 Spectacular Ice Caves You Can Visit All Year Round Ice caves are not strictly a winter-only phenomenon -- you just have to go to the right place.
Tied to an Elephant Indeed, after a few dozen yards, the elephant stumbled. Well, maybe she didn't stumble so much as stop walking and look around at me. The trainer who was riding with his legs straddling the elephant's neck, his feet on her ears, turned and glared at me.
5 Retreats For That Brilliant Brain Of Yours 
These Friends Quit Their Jobs And Started Brewing Beer In Paradise 
Meet The Road Trip Of Your Dreams 
Airlines' Dirtiest Secrets We regularly interview pilots, flight attendants, and other travel professionals -- sometimes on condition of anonymity -- and we do our best to debunk the junk and deliver the truth. That said, the truth sometimes hurts.
Why the Happiest Place on Earth is Actually Copenhagen Regularly topping official global happiness surveys, this compact historic city of 1.2 million offers such an irresistible mix of cozy storybook charm and 21st-century cool, you too may want to move here ... immediately.
A \Moose\, An Apple Pie -- In The Namibian Desert 
Firenze Fireworks On Pasqua/Easter, springtime shone brightly here in Firenze, and the whole city of Florence, as it has done for at least the past 500 years, held its Scoppio del Carro ('explosion of the cart') in the beautiful Duomo piazza.
Destinations Straight From A Disney Movie 
Will 'Transparent' Airfares Hurt Travelers? Remarkably, the proposed legislation enjoys bipartisan support, even from Democrats with distinguished records of supporting consumer rights. Critics have watched in amazement as this deceptively named bill has taxied toward the runway, apparently unstoppable.
Tel Aviv 'The city that never sleeps' has been coined for more than a few of the world's greatest urban playgrounds. Add Tel Aviv to the list. Despite what you may have heard, Israel isn't all conflict and camels.
Why the F*ck Aren't You in Bratislava? Slovakia is the country that used to be married to the Czech Republic before the end of the Cold War and is like the Kansas of Europe. Bratislava is situated on the far western end along the Danube river.
Your Weekly Travel Zen 
DOWN AND DIRTY 
8 Ways to Really Travel Better Carry a spare battery. Let's face it, no matter what your laptop manufacturer says, your battery is going to go on you mid trip, right? Fork over the extra bucks and buy another one. They usually weigh around a pound.
Wellness Travel -- You Could Say We're All 'Turning European' Will the rest of us catch up with Europe's understanding of the true value of healthy travel experiences that restore and rejuvenate?
Pristine Singapore (PHOTOS) It's like seeing a future vision of New York, London and Los Angeles all in one city -- but with a lot more English spoken.
Exploring the Magnificent Railway Boneyard Near Uyuni, Bolivia In his book Ghost Train through the Andes, author Michael Jacobs tells of how Bolivia's then-president, Aniceto Arce, saw a modern transport network as the key to his country's prosperity, transforming Bolivia into a 'land of the future'.
A Love Letter To Palm Springs Palm Springs, you have provided me with so much joy over the years. I have found a passion that has no limits. You have afforded me the opportunity to live my life in an area of the world rich with spirit and the appreciation of our natural surroundings. You have allowed me to follow my own path in life and find a home.
A Middle East Delivery for the Lazy Eco Traveler 
Two Thumbs Down on Air Nonsense Imagine my horror then, the next time I flew Virgin America, and witnessed this abomination
10 Packing Questions That Will Save You Money and Suitcase Space What can I leave at home and will be more stressful if I don't?
7 Secrets to Traveling Like an Expert As a frequent traveler, I have spent countless hours in airports and hotels, living out of suitcases or trading one packed bag for another.  In my experience, traveling becomes effortless when you're ready in advance.
9 Planet-Happy Trips To Book On Earth Day 
It's Time For The World's Biggest Water Fight! 
5 Ways to Enliven a Flight Lay-Over in Oslo 
RIGHT ON THE EDGE 
The Revolution at Colonial Williamsburg If you think Colonial Williamsburg is the Republican Disneyland, you haven't been there in a while. The nation's largest living history center once had that reputation in the way it depicted the American Revolution. But that's been banished, along with George Washington's cherry tree.
Pond-Skimming and Other Reasons to Love Spring Skiing 
Your Weekly Travel Zen 
Breathtaking Bridges That Are More Than Just Walkways 
Rare Video Shows Insane Waterslide at New Jersey's Deadliest Theme Park Action Park was New Jersey's deadliest theme park. At least six people died from ride mishaps. So, of course it was the location of one of the most elusive water slides in existence
8 Things Even New Yorkers Don't Know About New York City New York was the \Big Orange\ before the \Big Apple.\
Beyond Boston Unlike Paul Revere, you don't need to look to Boston's Old North Church for two lanterns to see that you should hit the road for Concord and Lexington, Mass.
Dreaming of My 2014 Travels \From palm trees to snowballs\--perhaps the most thrilling juxtaposition of sights you can enjoy in a day of touring in Europe
CityLove On a beautiful day like today, you should be here. #Atlanta -- @discoveratlanta, Discover Atlanta Another one of my favorite
What You Need to Know Before Traveling to South Africa South Africa has an immense range of opportunities for travelers, whether you're looking for a rugged adventure, a food and wine tour or a spiritual experience. Here's everything you need to know before you travel to South Africa.
13 Reasons Why the Cyclades Are Basically Paradise Paradise isn't on some far-flung, pricey South Pacific island; actually, it's in Europe. Greece, to be precise.
Your Next Trip Should Be to Roatan, Honduras. Here's Why. Thick green forests. White sand beaches. Blue waters.
Now You Can Book Your Train Ticket And Flight All In One Place So you can book your flight, your hotel, your rental car and any combination necessary to get your trip rolling on the various
5 Surprising Ways People Are Using Airbnb Airbnb CEO and cofounder Brian Chesky was in our office this morning talking about his company's plans for the future. While he mentioned many interesting things, the most fascinating was his list of the unexpected ways people use Airbnb.
Dreaming of My 2014 Travels When touring France, it's important to get a balance between Paris and the countryside. Awesome, dominating, endlessly romantic
Relax on the Edge of Forever Many homes today have a swimming pool, but how many homeowners can boast that they have a luxury infinity pool with the perfect
Drink the World It's a happy country, and happiness in Australia is a sunny day, a lit barbecue and an ice cold beer in a neoprene sleeve.
Dirty Little Secrets \Where I work now, bedding and pillows are replaced at every check-out. However, before, when I used to work at a budget hotel, we rarely changed them.\
The School From the X-Men Movies Is Actually Canada's Most Haunted Castle Spooky stuff began to happen in 1930 when a new family moved in. They claimed to see the ghost of their son, a young war hero who had died in WWI.
7 U.S. Pub Crawls You Will Never Forget (No Matter How Much You Drink) From to a peddling party through the streets of Portland, to a day of drinking and reciting poetry during a walking tour of Manhattan, these seven unique pub crawls in cities across the U.S. are sure to quench your hankering for hops.
Test 
This Year, Conquer Your Fear (of Flying!) If you have flight anxiety, however severe, keep these tips in mind next time you travel. You have more control over your fears than you think, and once you manage them, flying will become a more enjoyable experience.
7 Tips for Planning a Budget-Friendly Family Cruise Chances are, if you're not planning a summer trip that involves sinking your toes in the sand or sitting around a crackling campfire, you're contemplating taking a cruise.
Dreaming of My 2014 Travels In May I'll give myself a little vacation. This year, I'm booked on our Best of Europe in 21 Days Tour--the same route I
Dreaming of My 2014 Travels In May I'll give myself a little vacation. This year, I'm booked on our Best of Europe in 21 Days Tour--the same route I
Hospitality Jobs You Wish You Had From a fairy godmother to a guacamologist, these are some of the coolest jobs in the hotel industry.
Break on the Way to the Beach Summertime in the Mid-Atlantic for families often involves long drives to the beach. For travelers from Washington, D.C. and northern Virginia, the 150-mile mile trip can take an excruciating six hours thanks to the slow summer slog.
Blessing Easter Baskets on Easter Saturday at Slovenia's Tustanj Castle Dishes put in Easter baskets include pastry and various cakes (kola\u010d, potica, \u0161artel, and white spicy butter bread), meat
5 Overhyped Tourist Destinations, and Where to Go Instead Whether it's a packed cruise ship unloading throngs of boisterous passengers, or a mob of thirty college students tearing through town, an excess of tourists can make a destination go from in-demand to insufferable, just like that. Consider avoiding these played-out locales and shift your attention to nearby spots that are lesser-known, and more worthy of the term \vacation.\
7 Sweet Places to Steal a Kiss in Colorado Colorado is made for lovers, with spectacular outdoor views, natural beauty, fresh air, great restaurants and friendliness all around the great state. Take your honey on a romantic rendezvous and steal a kiss at seven of our favorite posh places.
Don Draper's Guide to America As Mad Men kicks off its seventh and final season on Sunday, we take a look back at some of Don Draper's favorite -- and most famous -- haunts.
Best Restaurants for Easter Brunch in NYC Whether you've given up sweets, savory delicacies, and lavish meals out for Lent or not, a delicious Easter brunch is the perfect way to celebrate the holiday.
5 Days, 15 Ways to Feed Your Face in Tampa Bay LUNCH Phone
Professional Exploring, Social Media and No Excuses One person who has left the excuses behind? Professional explorer JD Andrews. He's been around the globe several times, amassing an incredible knowledge base.
20 of the Coolest Tour Experiences Around the World Many people equate the word \tours\ with the typical big bus excursions led by flag-toting guides that seen at every major tourist attraction around the world. But not all tours are the same.
12 Top Picks in Princeton, NJ There's so much more to Princeton and its environs than just the university. Come for a few days, and though your IQ might not rise to the level of former resident Albert Einstein's, you're sure to have great meals and great fun.
Pump up the Testosterone -- 12 Ultimate Guy Getaways It's been a long hard winter of shoveling snow and chipping ice and the guys just need to be let out to play.
Your East Coast Summer Sorted As East Coast city dwellers prepare for their seasonal exodus to the beaches of Maine, Massachusetts and more, we share the lowdown on five quintessential summer escapes.
Southwest Flight Attendant's Safety Speech Has Passengers Rolling With Laughter (VIDEO) (h/t Dallas Morning News) \In the highly unlikely event that the captain lands us near a hot tub, everybody gets their very
Reluctant Hikers My husband and I love to be outside. You do not have to ask us more than once to trade a day on the trail for a day on the couch. I believe my kids love the outdoors too, but it seems like they have to be reminded of how much they love it.
Ponta Da Piedade Could Very Well Be The Most Beautiful Shoreline On Earth Yes, we have stumbled upon some incredibly gorgeous beaches in recent weeks. And yes, we stumble upon beaches a lot. But
Sur The home to the turtles is indeed mesmerizing Archaeological exploration of Ras Al Jinz in Sur, Oman began following an accident
Australian Hotel Stays Fit for Royalty (PHOTOS) All eyes around the world are currently fixated Down Under, where the royal family are currently causing a big stir with their official tour. The photogenic trio now begin their descent upon Australia, where they'll no doubt be given the ultimate in five-star treatment.
16 Things Master Travelers Do Differently They know what to do during a plane crash. \A number of crash studies focusing on both survivors and staged experiments have
A Southeast Asian Food Competition We are a family of omnivores and when we travel, we pride ourselves in trying everything local.\nOur son Nicholas ate deep fried spiders when he was in Cambodia. Here is the report.
Dreaming of My 2014 Travels In May I'll give myself a little vacation. This year, I'm booked on our Best of Europe in 21 Days Tour--the same route I
Seven More Dirty Little Secrets of the Travel Industry The travel industry seems transparent these days -- for example, you can compare fares yourself with flight-search websites. But there are still a few tricks of the trade that travel insiders and providers don't want to share.
How the Age of Exploration Brought Me to Warring South Sudan Clearing Ugandan departure customs I was so nervous I had a real problem getting my trekking boots back on after the x-ray machine.
Tax-Refund Travel Deals for 2014 $250 and less
Dreaming of My 2014 Travels In May I'll give myself a little vacation. This year, I'm booked on our Best of Europe in 21 Days Tour--the same route I
Medieval Fortresses of Provence This is a stunning place, with distant views of snow-covered mountains and closer views of the striking cliffs rising from the valley floor.
Hanging at Canary Wharf in London Canary Wharf is many of these things, plus, according to my son, the financial center of the universe. It was easy for me to recognize that there surely is a lot of business going on, and dozens of buildings to do it in.
10 Most Disappointing Destinations in the World Don't believe the hype! These popular but disappointing destinations are more letdown than must-see.
Irish Ghosts I drive across Ireland alone, something which is viewed as not only strange here, but downright shocking. In the countryside, the dominant colors are the emerald green of the rolling hills and the comforting blue of the Irish sky.
Munich Creates Urban Naked Zones Because Nudity Is Awesome This fun little change came after nude sunbathing laws expired in Bavaria last fall. The nude areas are located within parkland
5 Most Family-Friendly Cities in Europe If your motto is \Have family, will travel,\ you'll be glad to know that Europe is within your reach.
Your Weekly Travel Zen This week's Moment of Travel Zen comes to us from Danielle Petrie. With miles and miles of breathtaking scenery, from rolling
China's Red Beach Is The Craziest Looking 'Beach' In The World Tourists can only visit a small area of the beach, but it's definitely cool to look at, even from afar. The beach has even
27 Things You'll Miss About America When You're Abroad 2. Ice. Ice, BABY. 7. The TV shows (sorry Downton Abbey). 24. Solo cups. These aren't even that cool. 23. Automatic cars
The Best Way To See A Place Just Might Be On A Bike -- You're an able-bodied bike rider -- You have a slight sense of adventure (riding in traffic can, at times, be pretty terrifying
14 Cities Whose Famous Nicknames Totally Got It Wrong New Orleans, aka The Big Easy ...and The Big Hard-To-Find-Food-That's-Not-Fried. Philadelphia, aka The City of Brotherly
Surreal Photos Of The Night Sky Show Off The Beauty Of The Milky Way Outerspace is completely rad. We all know this. And us earthlings will be able to experience it in one of its coolest forms
Pilot Captures Crazy-Surreal Photo Series By Basically Just Sticking His Camera Out The Cockpit Alex MacLean is used to seeing the world from up high. The photographer is also a licensed pilot, and he's spent years \sticking
Top New Apps For Travel Lounging on a sun-kissed Caribbean beach. Rifling through exotic jewelry at the Grand Bazaar in Istanbul. Bombing down a mogul run in the Swiss Alps. No matter what your idea of a vacation is, it should be a time of relaxation and enjoyment free of obligations or logistical problems.
Symbiotic Travel I now get to practice my educational approach by working with a group of like-minded educators and guides to create eco-immersion
An All-American Cheese Trail In honor of April being National Grilled Cheese Month, BnBFinder is blazing a trail from coast to coast, sharing our picks of the can't-miss dairy farms that pepper our great land. Cheddar, Blue, Brie, hard, soft, pungent, mild... these notable creameries offer a cheese variety for every taste.
5 Days of Fine Orlando Dining Everybody knows about Orlando's theme parks and their many and varied dining options, but here's a guide for visitors who
Getting Lucky in Iceland (PHOTOS) It's finally getting nice out! Let's all go to Iceland! No, I'm not taking crazy pills. Iceland is a beautiful island and not another day should go by without you experiencing it. Here's why you should go.
Spirit Airlines Spirit Airlines (SAVE) inspires a special kind of wrath among the American traveling public
America's Coolest City Playgrounds A good ol' playground can be a welcome sight to travel-weary kids, and one of the nicest -- and cheapest -- ways to experience a city like a local.
Best Music Fests of Summer 2014 The holy grail of American music festivals, Coachella, kicks off today and officially sets \festival season\ in full swing. This year, expect an epic dining roster and an even more expertly curated lineup of musical acts.
The Friendly Men in Lapland (Finland) As the only representative American journalist, I had traveled the longest with multi-hour stopovers in Copenhagen and Helsinki
31 Things to Do Around Augusta (That Are Not the Masters) You'll find there are a lot more things to do in the city that do not involve watching drives and putts. Start with this list of travel ideas for Augusta, Ga., none of which require a ticket into the Masters.
Dreaming of My 2014 Travels I've been giddier than usual this week as I'm finalizing my travel plans for 2014. I've got an amazing itinerary promising
Dreaming of My 2014 Travels In May I'll give myself a little vacation. After 25 years of guiding our bus tours, I decided to retire from that 10 years
Dreaming of My 2014 Travels I've been giddier than usual this week as I'm finalizing my travel plans for 2014. I've got an amazing itinerary promising
CityLove Burned to the ground by General Sherman during his March to the Sea in 1864, Atlanta is a city that has reinvented itself, a theme that continues today.
The Most Popular Hotel Amenities Revealed In New Survey Hotels these days are amping up their amenities to attract travelers... you can hang in an uber-chic lobby, dine in a cave
The Most Kid-Friendly Cities In America Now that spring has sprung, we've all got our eyes on the collective prize
13 Super Luxe Stays in the Caribbean The islands boast everything from intimate boutiques in hidden, tranquil locales to expansive resorts that wow not only in breadth, but style.
Dreaming of Barcelona I've been giddier than usual this week as I'm finalizing my travel plans for 2014. I've got an amazing itinerary promising
Why Does Airplane Food Taste So Bad? Turns Out, It's All Your Fault The tests revealed that the cabin atmosphere--pressurized at 8,000 feet--combined with the cool, dry cabin air \makes your
Dreaming of My 2014 Travels I've been giddier than usual this week as I'm finalizing my travel plans for 2014. I've got an amazing itinerary promising four months of fun and learning, and there'll be lots of great new information to share.
Eight Meals You'd Never Believe Came From an Airplane Here are eight dishes that take haute cuisine to new heights -- quite literally.
10 Fabulously Free Things to Do in D.C.! Did you know that amid the trappings of office, pomp and ceremony, and glitz and glamor of Washington, D.C., you'll find more high-quality freebies than anywhere else on earth?
Eating at the World's Best Restaurant \Maybe I expected more or maybe I expected the experience to be more memorable after almost one year waiting for the meal. I think it's become some sort of celebrity thing and a place where you should go if you get the chance, no matter how and that it has to be good.\
Rio Celeste Waterfall Is Quite Possibly The Bluest Waterfall On Earth This is the waterfall at Rio Celeste, a river in Costa Rica's Tenorio Volcano National Park. The water is actually this dazzling
Drink the World In Havana you can't remove drinking from music. It's a city where you move through bubbles of music, all intersecting, overflowing, bleeding into each other; from bars, from restaurants, from the windows of homes played on scratchy vinyl and all just adding to the magic.
7 Reasons to Include Galapagos Islands on Your Bucket List Traveling to Galapagos Islands has been on my bucket list for a very long time, and I was finally able to cross it off last month. The Islands are undoubtedly the most unique place I have ever been to, and here's why it needs to be on your bucket list, too.
Future Travel The way we travel is changing. And hotels are upping the ante, with technology that's as forward-thinking as your favorite airline -- and, in some cases, your favorite video game.
Now You Can Stay On Tetiaroa, Marlon Brando's Private Island, At A Swanky Eco-Luxe Hotel The view is completely breath-taking One of the villas So yea, see you there in our dreams. Think of the place as \rustic
Mountain Climbing On a Whim There's a Japanese proverb that states, \Fall down seven times; stand up eight.\ It's safe to say I fell at least 10 times during the climb up and down.
The Exceptional Traveler Any typical resort vacation in the Caribbean can be turned into an exciting adventure by taking advantage of the reliable and inexpensive ferry system that connects many of the islands.
Some Of The World's Scariest Roads To Drive 4. North Yungas Road, Bolivia The section of the Pali Highway leading up to the Nu'uanu Pali lookout may be steeped in history
9 Of The World's Most Stunning Places Where You Can Sleep On A Boat The Mississippi and Illinois Rivers Go waaay back in time on one of America's few authentic paddlewheel boats that offers
World's Strictest Airport Security? Forget Tel Aviv. Think Kashmir. I hear an announcement
From Alligators to Ghost Stories, Here Are 4 Ways to Do Charleston The beach bum, the adventurer, and every traveler in between will feel at home in Charleston.
Five Insanely-Tested Top Travel Tips for Summer Summer is nigh, the fulfillment of travel promises of earlier months, and with as yet no sign to remind one that the fresh young loveliness of hitting the road will ever fade.
Traveling for Fashion in Vancouver I recently visited the beautiful city of Vancouver, Canada, where I got an inside look at local fashion. To be specific, I spent a day hopping around to the many boutique clothing stores around the city. And it suffices to say, I was impressed by what I discovered.
Paris vs. London The rivalry between Paris and London will probably never end. In January, London was named the most visited city in the world
Surf A River In The Middle Of Munich, Because You Can And It's Awesome Watch the Eisbach surfers in real action! Not even snow holds them back! Surfers have been flocking to the river since the
LEGO Versions Of World Famous Monuments Are Possibly Better Than The Originals Visiting a world famous monument can be really cool... or it can kind of be a letdown. These LEGO versions of world famous
John Steinbeck and the Coconut Monk John was a serious Buddhist and took Sam to visit his teacher, the Coconut Monk, at his floating pagoda in the Mekong Delta.  They rode through rice fields on a motorbike driven by John, his orange monk's robes flying in the wind.
Innovations in Learn to Ski and Snowboard Programs Ask people to describe their first day on skis or a snowboard and you'll likely get a variety of adjectives
13 People You'll Meet in Seattle Who are these lovable and quirky characters that choose to call Seattle home? It's a legion of residents that may drive me nuts, but also makes me certain I would never be happy calling anywhere else home.
17 Things You Need to Explain to International Visitors About America Sinnce we're not exactly the most gracious of guests when we visit their countries, it only seems fair that we explain the way things are done here in Amuuurica.
If You Need a Reason to Visit London This Spring, Take a Peek at These Parks London is a pretty magical destination year-round -- the bustling streets, the royal residences, the magnificent museums -- but it's an especially wonderful place to visit during the spring as the city bursts into bloom.
5 Tips for Great Spring Skiing Spring is here! With the sun shining and the snow deep, here are a handful of tips to help you make the most of your spring skiing. Oh, and don't forget your sunscreen!
Luxe Chinese Dining and Blissful Swimming at the Shangri-La Paris If you're looking to treat yourself to a Paris luxury hotel but can't make up your mind which one, the Shangri-La's pool could well tip the balance.
A Film Lover's Guide to London Take a strut down the red carpet and visit sites in London that are truly some of the biggest film stars in history.
Carnival Marches on Stomach Mexican carnies, the majority of the workforce in bigger carnivals, tended to eat food bought at the local mercado. The men pooled their money and the women bought the food and cooked it on outdoor grills beside the carnival trailers.
Enough With Airline Fees! Their bottom line
If You've Never Stayed At A Bed And Breakfast, Here's What You're Missing Out On There are plenty reasons why you should give B&B's a chance. For starters, it totally different than anything you've done before and it's way cheaper.
15 Northwestern Spots That Will Take Your Breath Away You know Seattle, you know Portland... but do you know the rest of the Northwest? When you think of the Northwest region
Nine Neolithic Wonders of Orkney So, to get you thinking all-things-Stone-Age, we here at Historvius have picked out some of the best of these Neolithic wonders
Driving the Wild Atlantic Way on the West Coast of Ireland Ireland hasn't changed much since I was last here in 1969. The scenery is still beautiful, the people friendly, the music lively, and driving is as harrowing as ever.
Take A Hike Through Mt. Huashan, But Just Make Sure You Don't Miss A Step! fcracer andresantos7 charinim alisarisa windisch_p To get there, hikers are basically hooked to the side of the mountain
Don't Tell! These Restaurants Are Where Locals Eat in Florence When it comes to traveling in Italy, it's possible to find a lovely meal almost anywhere -- from posh hotel dining rooms to tables in a piazza to holes in the wall whose, um, ambience leaves something to be desired.
10 Hotel Chains With the Best Bath and Beauty Products When top-quality bath and beauty amenities are offered, travelers can leave their TSA-friendly bottles at home or take souvenir toiletries to go. Hotels, happily, have taken notice.
The World's Weirdest Hotels From hotels shaped like donuts to capsules jutting from the edge of a cliff, these are the world's most weird and wonderful accommodations.
How To Book Your Next Plane Ticket To Get The Best Deal Here are some of the tips we found most useful and you might too, so we're passing them along to you. And while that's all
Borrowing a Kiwi Burrow The warm climate, clean air and wide open spaces all aid in enticing foreigners such as myself half way across the globe, however I just couldn't fathom how I should go about getting an invite into a Kiwi's burrow?
10 Most Fattening Foods in the World You might think that the United States, with its super-sized portions, absurdly high obesity rate, and uniquely American innovations like the Doritos Locos Taco, is home to the world's most fattening foods. But you'd be wrong!
Dreaming of My 2014 Travels I've been giddier than usual this week as I'm finalizing my travel plans for 2014. I've got an amazing itinerary promising
West Africa Ubiquitous mangoes, grandiose mosques, endless coastlines and welcoming locals are the core images that come to mind when I reflect on the three months I spent in West Africa.
Who Ruins the World? Travelers? A Chat With Gringo Trails Director Pegi Vail (Part 2 of 2) I think traveling is among the best ways we can all get to know one another around the world and be more aware of, respect, and enjoy both our similarities and differences.
Tips On Taking Better Care of Your Health While Vacationing Abroad Traveling can be tiring when you're disabled. Over the years I've put together a few rules that make traveling easier and less stressful.
The Joule Hotel -- A Dallas Destination That Will Ignite Your Creative Spirit Spoiler alert
New Tourism Initiative Brings Another Face to the Holy Land In a kitchen in Mea She'arim, stands an unlikely group of people
Weekend Warrior From Frank Lloyd Wright to celebrity sushi, vintage couture to fried cauliflower, VitaminDaily.com editor-in-chief Sarah Bancroft packs plenty of fun into a weekend getaway to Scottsdale, Arizona.
Ten Top Hotels and Inns for Quickie Mini-and-BabyMoons in Northeast USA Wedding related stress is behind you (or, if you are with child, will soon be just beginning). Now is the time to take a breath and relax into each other, if only for a night or two.
10 Free Things to Do in Dublin When You're on a Budget Visitors to Ireland's capital can benefit hugely from the wealth of free attractions in the city, whether your love is for art, culture or simply a great walk.
15 Undiscovered European Destinations When it comes to the very best European destinations, bigger does not always mean better.
5 Reasons to Visit Panama City Right Now I think we've all gotten the message that winter has been extended.  If you're ready to pack your bags and head south, Panama City is the ticket. Exotica plus ease.  Sunshine and smiles.
America's Meanest Airlines 2014 The 2014 Airline Quality Ratings report, released April 7, shows that United Airlines is finally beginning to recover from its merger with Continental Airlines, which took place in 2010. But that wasn't enough to keep United from earning the lowest AQR score of all national airlines for the fourth year in a row.
Breakdancer 'Kapstand' Takes Photos With All Of Paris's Major Landmarks... Upside Down Here he is handstanding at Notre Dame. Kapstand has explained that he hides his face to remain anonymous and that he'd ideally
Your Weekly Travel Zen \Paris is hands down one of my favorite cities. In Paris, it is so easy to get wrapped up in the architecture, the art and
Travel Like You're Rich, Without Spending the Money We've all scrolled through Rich Kids of Instagram and watched those damn Kardashians go on one exotic vacation after another
Iceland's Most Famous Waterfall Is Big Enough To Stand Inside, Which Is Pretty Incredible It also means you can see the Northern Lights... FROM INSIDE A WATERFALL. The most insane part of Seljalandsfoss, though
Why Atlanta Is The Big American City You've Been Missing Out On Other cities may love their breakfast food, but nothing compares to Atlanta. Atlanta has EIGHT out of the \21 Most Popular
7 Awesome Cave Hotels To Add To Your Bucket List These seven cave hotels let you get up close and personal with one of nature's most fascinating wonders in really beautiful
Best Travel Apps And Hacks For Your Vacation Workout One of the toughest things about working out on vacation is not necessarily a lack of motivation, but a lack of equipment
The 21 People You'll Meet In Hawaii Ah, Hawaii. It's as beautiful as it is diverse, its people as colorful as the sunsets and as extreme as the landscapes. As
What the F*ck Is Pachinko? Pachinko is basically a tricked-out version of pinball, with the game play area mounted vertically in front of the player (so that pachinko junkies can keep at it longer than if they were hunched over a horizontal machine).
Pilgrimage to Gibran Tired of the toxicity of hate, and disturbed by the carnage of rockets and bombs, I decided to make a mini-pilgrimage of peace to the final resting place of Khalil Gibran.
15 Things That Happen When You Piss Off A City A few weeks ago, I decided to write an article about a city I'd recently lived in and call it \the weirdest.\ In just my
An Entire Day Of LAX Takeoffs In One Epic Photo You can see more of Kelley's images on his website. If you want to know what a takeoff at Los Angeles International Airport
Trip.com's Green Travel Tribe Names Top Eco Hotels Eco credentials are ever more important in a hotel these days -- and not just for hippies going camping or the super-rich heading to exclusive luxury ecolodges. Some hotels, which shall remain unnamed, even try to jump on the green bandwagon without really reducing waste.
7 Times Wildlife Wins Or just some friendly Grizzly bears in Grand Teton National Park A common site in Yellowstone. Bison EVERYWHERE. Herewith
Visit Angkor Wat From Your Current Location, Thanks To Google Street View We don't want to say we'd rather take a Street View tour than visit Angkor in real life, but this is an pretty modern -- and
Free Eurail Passes! (If You Donate to Bread for the World) If you're interested in Bread's work, visit their website [bread.org]. And if you (or anyone you know) care about the struggles
Avoid These Epically 'Right' Places During The 'Wrong' Seasons Paris. Paris is all about lush gardens (think Tuileries, Versailles and Luxembourg) and sophisticated people-watching (the
In Italy, There's Always the Food -- Right, Kids? In Italy, where food is tied to the national identity like strands of spaghetti wrapped around a fork (sorry, couldn't resist!), you always have the cuisine to fall back on. And what a fall it is.
5 Reasons To Go To Jackson Hole This Spring There's no denying it
10 Reasons You Should ALWAYS Ask For The Window Seat By now you know we like the window seat A LOT. The world is just so beautiful, why miss seeing it while you ride above it
Take A Day Trip Away From Cancun And Visit Chichen Itza #ChichenItza #Mayans #History Flawless in any filter... This is Chichen Itza. Cancun is a city more known for shots and spring
5 Questions to Ask About a Friend's Experience Abroad I don't know how to say, \I have stories I'd like to share with you,\ without being self-indulgent. And I suspect that those on the other end of the conversation don't know how to ask.
Travel Finds of the Month These pants are sure to make you feel like a super, top-secret spy! With an array of pockets and hidden compartments, there
Rick Steves Can Yodel This year I capped our annual tour alumni reunion and guide summit by sharing my \Irreverent History of Europe Through the
This Is What One Day In European Air Traffic Looks Like To give that task a sense of scale, United Kingdom-based National Air Traffic Services has animated every single flight path
Going to Paris?  Here Are Three Exhibits You'll Want to See Psst. Please, people. Art in Paris neither starts at the Mona Lisa nor ends in the Louvre.
Drink the World Many countries have peculiar indigenous drinks, but few fall into the category of 'acquired taste' quite as much as China's baijiu (pronounced bye-joe). The Chinese are fanatical about it, whereas I still wake up screaming at the thought of it.
The 'Center Of North America' Is In Rugby, North Dakota (Jordan McAlister) While Rugby is the acting \Geographical Center of North America\ many point out that is in fact not the
20 Things To Remember When You Quit Your Job And Travel The World 14. If you're feeling unsure, take a test trip. \A good test is to find a city near-ish-by, one with a decent hostel. Go
Rize, Turkey Travel guidebooks have it all wrong. They tell us about hotels and restaurants and sights we don't want to miss. What they should tell us has but four words
This New Paris Scavenger Hunt Is the Perfect Way to See the City When Daisy de Plume, the innovative force behind THATLou (Treasure Hunt At The Louvre), created her popular scavenger hunt
Gone in Goa, India This wanderluster found herself in a more remote, but still moving place.
The 10 Most Photographed Places On Earth There's only one rule to keep in mind when traveling
The 8 Sneakiest Hotel Cheats You're Totally Guilty Of Sure, these antics are frowned upon, but they're de rigueur and wildly popular for getting the most out of a hotel stay on the sly.
4 Great Tips for Visiting Paris in Springtime With flowering public gardens and boulevards made for strolling hand-in-hand, this is the perfect time of year to visit the City of Light.
13 Mistakes Study Abroad Students Make 4. Not living with a host family or local students. Living with a host family adds another dimension to studying abroad. You
Love Letters You are a destination for many and I am proud to call you my home. Keep me in mind when you need a tour guide. Renee Fournier
Got a Little Free Time This Spring? Maybe Go Check Out Pittsburgh (Yes, Really) Today's Pittsburgh is slightly less mighty. Still, of all the faded rust belt cities, none come even close to wearing diminished status quite so well. Pittsburgh is the master of keeping up appearances.
The Most Unique Places to Stay in Chicago Check out these unique ideas when looking for a different kind of place to lay your head.
If Greece's Melissani Cave Doesn't Inspire Wanderlust, We Don't Know What Will Go in the middle of the day to best take advantage of the cave's light. The cave sort of looks like cenote, which are common
Fly Away With a Deal This Spring Break If you're looking to escape to somewhere warm in the coming weeks, here are our tips on where to book.
Idaho's Hidden Gem \Where you heading young lady?\ a curious, wizened old man fueling up nearby asked as I hopped out of the truck. Fumbling in the freezing cold for the pump, I replied, \Schweitzer Mountain in Sandpoint.
Giving Away Free Tours... Second Prize (a $500 gift card good toward a tour or Rick Steves Travel Store purchase) My staff reviews the many submissions
Great Rail Journeys Has The ONE Train Trip You'll Actually Want To Go On Great Rail Journeys, a British company, is offering a luxury 53-day, multi-country, multi-continent train trip around the
6 Reasons to Go to Namibia Right out of college I spent a year managing camps in Namibia. This might be part of the reason that Namibia is one of my favorite countries in Africa but I hope all the reasons below will be convincing for you as well.
What Are The World's Most Social Travel Destinations? 8.) New York City, USA - click here for more photos of New York City 3.) Brazil - click here for more photos of Brazil MOST
Good Morning, Vietnam The following morning the Vietnamese police showed up at his hotel room offering him a deal
Top 10 Quick Tips for Caribbean Cruisers Feeling chilly on a Caribbean cruise? Trust me, it can happen. Once you get out into the open sea blustery nights are common even in Caribbean waters, and they'll put the kibosh on a romantic evening stroll on deck faster than a case of Norovirus.
Ebola Outbreak Spreads Across Three Countries Business travelers and expatriates (and their family members) need not only concern themselves with the risk of acquiring Malaria or Dengue Fever when entering endemic regions.
Pilot Makes Emergency Landing Only Using Jet's Rear Wheels Faced with malfunctioning front landing gear, a pilot in Brazil safely landed a passenger jet on its rear wheels. When the
Unlocking the Secrets of Lake Bohinj Everywhere you look there's a mountain top sticking out, and trees and just one road leading you to the other end of the lake. No distractions, and sometimes no people, if it happens to be less than a perfect day.
Fishing for Fun at Kamalame Cay For spring break this year I wanted to find a nice place to go bonefishing that the whole family would enjoy.
Putin Trail And 11 Other Bizarrely Named Ski Trails I Hear Cars At least they're honest. At Mount Hood Meadows, Oregon Conifers of Gnarnia Punny on so many levels. At Revelstoke
I Thought the World Would Stop Turning When I Left Home to Go Travel It'd be swell if we could all have law degrees without studying and find love without awkward dates and pet kangaroos without biking down highways over glass shards. But achieving a goal requires choosing a path, which may mean you're (at least temporarily) turning your back on another.
10 Photos That Will Make You Absolutely Hate Tourist Visas Then comes a cost you may never have calculated
The World's Top 10 Airport Hotels With Stunning Runway Views In the last few years, airport hotels have evolved from being an unavoidable stopover to luxurious, must-visit retreats.
14 Aussie Phrases Americans Should Start Using There is no easy American phrase that explains that \I could do that, but no, no I don't think I will do that, just because I don't feel like it.\ Can't Be Bothered uses minimal effort to express minimal effort.
Paris Paris at Sunset Moulin Rouge Montmartre Also follow Laurent Buanec for beautiful Paris buildings under blue skies. Notre
The 10 Most Beautiful Places in Croatia As one of Europe's most popular beach destinations and blessed with year-round sun, Croatia's historic towns and idyllic islands have a wealth of natural attractions to offer. From rolling vineyards to sweeping coastal cliffs, here are 10 of the most beautiful places in Croatia to add to your itinerary.
Tourist Scams One of the best ways to defend ourselves against scammers is to know what their tricks are, and how to avoid them -- then you can go back to actually enjoying your vacation.
BS, Profanity, America and United Airlines I love flying in the 21st century, don't you? What to do when the airlines seem to have all the cards? An aggrieved populace
4 Ways to Book a \Round the World\ Ticket for Cheaper Than You Thought Yes, we're super lucky to be doing such a thing, and yes, we've had to save up a bit, but after a ton of research, I've learned that an Earth-lapping adventure-of-a-lifetime is not such an unattainable thing.
16 Alarming Airline Secrets That Will Change How You Feel About Flying *\Typically, as soon as the masks come down, the pilot descends to as low an altitude as possible and finds the nearest airport
Taxi Fares To The Airport All Around The World Not always the cheapest, and certainly not the fastest in some traffic-y cities (we're looking at you, NYC), but easily the
5 Crazy Things Not Even Pilots Will Not Tell You About Airplane 'Safety' There's quite a few things pilots won't tell you about airplane safety. Things that you'd actually want to know. Things that could save your life. Things that could mean the difference between staying alive... and dying. So, here now
If Ain't Broke, Don't Fix It Must Be The Motto Of Symonds Yat A town in western England named Symonds Yat (ok, admittedly a great name for a town) sits on the banks of the River Wye. The
A Tale of Two Rabat Restaurants A Hollywood scenario par excellence, as our guide knocked on an ornate wooden door. A hostess welcomed and escorted us into an old house transformed into a traditional restaurant.
Can a Cruise Line Pocket Your Airfare Refund? If you thought that reading the terms and conditions on your next travel purchase is enough to keep you out of trouble, meet Thomas Hanko.
16 Questions You Should Never Ask In Paris 8. Can I have a croissant sandwich? Croissants are the tentpole of French pastry tradition. Do not so much as hint they be
Three Ways to Be a Better Listener Respond, don't react. Rather than listening with the intent of speaking, listen with absolutely zero intention other than discovery.  Don't react to what you hear, but respond to it at a later time.
A Group In Porto Is Offering The 'Worst Tours' Of The City For A Reason Take three enterprising (and out of work) architects in Porto, the second-largest city in Portugal, a country which has been
Your Weekly Travel Zen This week's Moment of Travel Zen comes to us from Eric Sheper. His photo of Cook's Cove shows the spectacular natural beauty
The Most 'Carpe Diem Cities' Where You Can Seize Every Day It seems like an odd way to judge a city, but really it's kinda perfect
The Insanely Pretty Cliffs Of Scala Dei Turchi Are Yet Another Reason To Visit Italy Consider these the Italian version of the White Cliffs of Dover, but with beach access. Visitors can climb the bluffs for
10 Reasons to Visit Mexico Now Mexico is home to some of the richest archaeological sites in the world. Thousands of pyramids dot its landscape, with the most famous near Tulum and Mexico City. To begin to comprehend the knowledge and vision it took to construct these will take your breath away.
World's Kookiest 'Which Way' Signs Remind Us There Are Always A Million Places Left To Explore Whatever you call 'em and wherever you find 'em, these amusing travel staples serve as reminders that no matter where you've
To Ship or Not to Ship Your Luggage Wouldn't it be great if you could travel bag-free? There would be no bag-check lines, no waiting for luggage, no lost luggage and best of all, no restrictions. Well, it is entirely possible. And traveling with your beloved bicycle? That is possible, too. How? Ship it.
These Coastal Towns Will Make You Want To Visit England This Summer Newquay This coastal Cornwall town is known as the surf capital of the U.K., so bring your board. If you're not into riding
This Is Musha Cay, Our New Favorite Escape cathyldaly chloegosselin1 destinosimperdiveis lauraward23 fredwreckla cathyldaly chloegosselin1 Well, look no further than
The Odd, Magical, Powerful Mojo of Bucks County, PA There's something about New Hope, and about the mojo of Central Bucks County in general, that lends itself to magical, powerful, creative thinking. George Washington felt it. Henry Mercer felt it.  James Michener felt it.
Bondi Beach Striking a pose like this... This painfully beautiful suburb of Sydney is home to the Bondi Iceberg, which isn't actually
Reasons You Want to Visit Vigan -- Yes, Vigan Never mind that you've never heard of a city somewhere off in the Philippines with a name that evokes some meatless diet.
7 Summits to Hike This Spring With spring just around the corner, we're lusting for time outdoors. Lots of it. That's why we've rounded up the best hikes across the U.S. and shared them with you.
Observations From the Roman Bus I observe a lot on the bus. Rome is so big (about 2 million people) and so beautiful and so full of history (both living and dead) that the views out the windows are just overwhelming.
24 Signs You're Addicted To Cabs 23. You can pretty much always guess, down to the nearest dime, precisely how much it will cost to get home from any point
The 10 Small Towns You Need To Visit This Year, And You Haven't Heard Of Half Of Them Lewis and Clark noted this town way back in 1804. Since then, it's become the birthplace of Arbor Day, museums and old homes
These Stunning City Skylines Will Give You Another Reason To Travel The World, Right Now The most breathtaking skylines in all the world will make you want to book a flight to these concrete jungles, right now.
YOLO Tiananmen Square
What Are Your Favorite Things to Do in Lima and Cusco? Photo courtesy of Agap13/Dreamstime.com. Article by Kaeli Conforti of Budget Travel. The tour starts in Lima and includes
Zebra Courage Group mentality isn't about putting on a pretty spectacle though, it's about staying safe in the midst of cunning predators. But if you're inclined to think zebras are just a bunch of 'nervous Nancys,' well, you're half right.
Vegas Has Most Expensive Room Service In The Country, Nobody Is Surprised The lesson to be learned from all this? Pack a lunch. Sixty-eight dollars. That's the average cost of room service in Las
The Pummeling Joy of Southeast Asian Massage Except maybe for this one where fish bite the dead skin off your feet. (The fish are larger than those pictured.) You are
When You Order at Fanny's, Don't Forget le Fondant Au Chocolat Some French chefs study at schools like Le Cordon Bleu in Paris.  For others, cooking is a family affair. Fanny Jehanno falls into this second group.
An Authentic European Experience With Kids? C'est Possible I'm not suggesting you avoid Versailles or the Louvre. But go during the off season, when the crowds thin, and bring a knowledgeable guide. These are once-in-a-lifetime experiences. Really. Just go.
Drink the World Drinking in England should not be confused with drinking in London. Drinking in London involves craft beers and trend led cocktails priced just above the point where you wince. Drinking in England however still revolves around the country pub.
World's Most Dangerous Path Undergoing Safety Improvements The part of the pathway that is deteriorating will be fixed, leaving less risk and danger for all that willingly seek out
Cambodia Is Heartbreaking The history is so riddled with invasion, genocide, killing and corruption that it's difficult to catch your breath.
Six Things Skiing Can Teach You When people moan about being too old to learn this sport or that, I usually want to scoff. Abilities often have way more to do with your enthusiasm and fitness level than any arbitrary number does.
Your Kids' Brains on Spring Break With spring break upon us and summer vacation just around the corner, parents are once again faced with the age-old debate
Guatemala While all the treks offered by Quetzaltrekkers would make any avid trekker start packing, I had limited time and chose to do the three day, two night journey from Quetzaltenango (a.k.a. Xela) to the gorgeous Lago Atitl\u00e1n.
How to Stay Fit While Traveling On my last trip to Europe, I packed on a good (or rather, awful) 10 pounds. Between scrounging for meals as a vegetarian (hello, carb overload), to sippin' pina coladas on the Adriatic Sea, somehow the I won't be back for a while, I should indulge now motto gained up on me -- in fat.
Missing Passport On an International Flight Dear Interpol, please ensure ALL countries use the Stolen Passport Database as soon as possible, and if you happen to come across my U.S. passport, please contact me and help me.
One Perfect Day in Sicily's Capital This is the place to catch an avant garde concert in a deconsecrated church or see an installation in a shelled-out 17th century rococo palazzo.
A Roadtrip from Scottsdale to the Grand Canyon Since we had a teenager in tow we needed something adventurous, so we signed up the next day for a Pink Jeep Tour -- an off
Dining in Washington, D.C. Even if Washington's politicos can't come to a consensus on policy, one thing all District residents can agree on is that the city's restaurant scene is booming -- especially in these three new foodie neighborhoods.
Do Vacations Make Us Happier? The Answer Traveling the world can be an amazing - and even better - a happy experience.  You just have to do it the right way.  Create a positive vacation so you can return recharged, less stressed, and happier.
Exotic Silhouette Photos to Inspire Your Travels Sure you can see more when it's light, but perhaps it's the darkness that inspires the imagination.
9 Tricks to Saving $100 on Your Next Cruise While slashing extra costs is important, some experiences on board and ashore are worth the splurge. But choosing when and where to pay extra -- without going overboard -- is no simple task.
Montreal Journal IV In French an erabliere is a maple grove and most maple syrup in Quebec is harvested in the late winter to spring, when there
Japan's Cherry Blossoms Are In Bloom And They Are Gorgeous It may still be snowing in the U.S., but spring is in bloom in Japan and it's a stunning sight. Cherry blossoms -- also known
This San Francisco Bay Area Hotel Suite Is $25,000 A Night But a hotel suite in the San Francisco Bay Area going for $25,000 a night might be a first. After an extensive $20 million
A Beautiful Tourist Garden Full Of Plants That Could Kill You Hear us out. Set amongst the lush Alnwick Gardens in the U.K.'s Northumberland, sits the Poison Garden, which houses all
10 Reasons to Spring Break at The Blackberry Farm As you consider a spring getaway, make sure to take note of one of the country's best-kept secrets, The Blackberry Farm located in East Tennessee. The 4,200-acre private estate is surrounded by lush green scenery, unparalleled luxury, Southern hospitality and gourmet cuisine.
The Top 10 Bizarre Items Seized By Airport Customs While for most passengers trying to smuggle more than a 100ml of moisturiser in hand luggage on board a plane brings them
19 Totally Canadian Things That No Other Country Will Ever Have 19. Ryan Gosling. Yes, you already knew that. And no, we will never, ever get over him. CORRECTION
Mexico's La Malinche The invaders called her \La Malinche\ -- meaning something like \the captain's woman\ -- but legends say her name was really Malinalli.
20 Ways to Save in Paris This Summer The City of Light might be Europe's most visited, but it doesn't need to be its most expensive.
An Insider's Guide to Berlin Street Art This vibrant neighborhood, which is linked with Kreuzberg, offers some of Berlin's most famous works of street art. It's home to the East Side Gallery, and famous works by street artists Blu and Revaler Strasse 99.
Brother Travels The World, Surprises Sister For Her 19th Birthday Gone for exactly 19 months and 15 days, Foubert captured himself buying Cynthia a birthday present from one of his travel
Decadent and Depraved in New Orleans It was dope. At the end of the weekend, I can say Merci, Buku -- because, honestly they did their job. It's not their fault
Our Rick Steves Audio Europe App Just Got Much Much Better New radio interviews spliced into all the existing ones on the Rick Steves Audio Europe app include
Down the Rabbit Hole A few minutes pass and she pops up beside me again, out of nowhere, and grabs my hand. \Follow me,\ she says, like my very own White Rabbit.
Montreal Journal IiI Climb to the top of Mont-Royal, where in the winter you'll find snow shoers, skiers, runners and even mountain bikers. At
\Don't Worry, Be Happy\ and a Dirt Road in Tanzania This young girl whose parents struggled to scrape together the funds to send her to school and who works in the fields when she isn't studying to become a doctor, had made me a necklace and brought me the very t-shirt she had been wearing the day before as gifts.
America's Coolest Hotel Elevators Certainly, kids can find all kinds of thrills in any hotel stay hotel stay -- pretending to talk on the phone, playing with the ice machine down the hall, or joy-riding the elevator up and down from the lobby. But these six hotels up the ante on that usual hotel elevator ride.
Traveler In Vietnam Gets Absurd Passive-Aggressive Letter For Snoring In Hostel Willet told ABC News her snoring friend received the letter while traveling in Vietnam as a postgraduate student. Though
10 Ways To Make Traveling Easier For People With Disabilities Stand up once in awhile during the flight to stretch your legs to avoid leg cramps. If you can't walk up and down the aisle, stand in place and stretch your neck, arms and legs as best as you can.
The World's Most Unforgettable Bathroom View is in this Luxury Ecolodge Among many other distinctions, the Inn has been named one of the World's Best Hotels by National Geographic and one of the Top 10 Eco-Lodges in the World by Outside Magazine.
Tottori Sand Dunes Are Japan's Most Unexpected Wonder Where in the world will you find rolling sand dunes, camel rides and endless, sandy views? The answer
The Time the Hadzabe Tribe in Tanzania Got My Goat... Literally (PHOTOS) Holding the beast over his shoulders like a shawl, the man walked into the center of the clearing, wedged the goat's head between his knees and grabbed its horns. In a flash I realized what was coming next.
How Travel Can Help Heal Your Grief or Pain No, you'll never be the same, and yes, you'll have only memories and photographs where once there was a person who made you feel more alive. But you can start down a new path.
How I Became a Volcano Vixen Join the C&R Self Movement. In life, it's about speaking up and seizing the opportunities you desire. Be Brave, Be Unstoppable
18 Reasons Latvia Is Europe's Best Kept Secret 14. An entire national park was established just because this gorgeous lake exists. R\u0101zna National Park was created to protect
Game of Thrones Filming Locations Around the World The HBO award-winning fantasy drama Game of Thrones returns for its fourth season this April, just in time to help inspire your summer travels.
The 10 Best Spring Break Destinations, North America It's spring break, and after a cold winter, countless exams, work and internships... you get a vacation from your vacation. Sorry guys, college is your life vacation. So party up while you can. Make it count, at one of these top 10 spring break destinations
10 New Rules for Traveling Without Being a Jerk Don't expect everyone on the planet to speak English. Leave a tip. Know that things will go wrong, and when they do go wrong, try not to yell at whoever appears responsible. These are hard-and-fast guidelines that travelers should know and follow -- and that we've probably all heard before. Is there anything new to say on this matter? I think so.
10 Innocent Hand Gestures You Should Never Use Abroad Certain gestures that are innocent in the United States mean something completely different (and offensive) overseas.
On a Roll to the Beach... Or Anywhere I find I'm much more relaxed when I get where I'm going and can get work accomplished on the way, if there's work to be done. If not, there's always someone to talk to or the passing scenery, if it's not always pretty, is at least interesting.
Bigar Waterfall Looks Just Like Something Out Of  A Fairytale Bigar Waterfall by Sabin Uivarosan on 500px And a bonus fun fact
On Foot For all the car culture that surrounds Indianapolis when it's time for the Indy 500 or the Brickyard 400, you might be surprised that one of best ways to explore this midwestern city is on foot.
Great Spring Weekend Getaways (PHOTOS) We've planned easy weekend getaways from major U.S. cities to help you take advantage of the rising temperatures. Each itinerary includes suggestions for where to stay, eat, and play.
5 Great Spring Break Travel Tips for Families Before you go away for a week, weekend or even just a much needed overnight getaway, here are a few of my travel tips to make the most of your getaway.
Europe Revisited You've scaled the Eiffel Tower, ridden the London Eye, strolled Las Ramblas and posed outside the Pantheon. If you've been there and done that in Europe, we have some alternative suggestions on how to combat attraction apathy in London, Paris, Barcelona and Rome.
Pack a Spice Rack in Your Suitcase! I might chime as he points out the excellent storage and wide hallway, refreshing changes from other establishments we have inhabited in our three years living internationally without a home base.
Delta's 'Innovation Class' Makes Networking At 35,000 Feet Easier Than Ever \We have customers flying with us who are big thinkers and innovators and are changing the world,\ Mauricio Parise, Delta's
13 Photos That Prove Chernobyl Is Still Haunting Nearly 30 years after the disaster, pictures of Chernobyl prove the site is still as haunting as ever. After last month's
Mayreau, The Island Hideaway Of Your Dreams OK, have fun, bye! Or people head over to the calmer Saline Bay Beach (which is also home to the ferry dock) and where you
Your Weekly Travel Zen From its mountains to its parks to its culture-packed city, Vancouver has something for everybody. Whether you're yearning
Ireland's Wild Atlantic Way That describes Ireland
Family Glamping Located on 18 acres wooded with pine and oak trees, the Houstonian Hotel has a Kids Campout Package that features a room tent, sleeping bags and cushioned mats, along with scene-setting glow-in-the-dark stars and a stuffed raccoon.
Ireland's Wild Atlantic Way Out West Diverse, Exhilarating (VIDEO) To find out more about any of the places mentioned or discover your own go to Discover Ireland. But one constant remains
19 Signs You Have An Incurable Case Of Wanderlust 11. Your wanderlust-ing personality has been misinterpreted as lazy or irresponsible, but you couldn't care less. 12. You
Missing Malaysian Airlines Flight 370 For the family members who are waiting, not knowing is excruciating. Lacking concrete proof of their death, what can the family members do to cope?  How can they begin to mourn their loss? How can they even accept their loss when even a thread of hope still remains?
19 Places That Make Southeast Asia The Perfect Spot To Digital Detox This $5.7 billion hotel -- which also boasts shopping, a dinosaur museum, and a concert hall -- has a yacht-shaped infinity
Best Places To Hike This Spring If you want to bring the family to Yosemite National Park in late spring or summer -- no problem. The park is around the
World's Longest Bridges From the ice roads of Arctic Alaska to a cable-stayed controversy on the other side of the Bering Strait -- stretching over cities, seas, and even the jungle canopy -- the world's longest bridges exist on a scale that can only be described as stupefying. Be sure to gas up before you take them on.
Montreal Journal Alfred Hitchcock set I Confess starring Montgomery Clift as the priest, in the capital of the province of Quebec, Quebec
11 Southern Towns You're Forgetting About But Shouldn't Asheville, NC The home to Duke (among other universities) is also home to a killer food and beer scene. There's the seasonal
A Group Is Sawing Love Locks Off The Charles Bridge, And It's Really Depressing For Everyone Prague isn't the only city to set limits on love locks
It's A Small World After All Is Turning 50 Photo
Hilaria Baldwin's Yoga Travel Tips We asked her how she balances motherhood, her career and yoga on the road. Here, she gives us the intel.
Epic 'Do-Not-Disturb' Signs Show Privacy Is Needed No Matter Where You Are You probably don't notice them often, but Edoardo Flores does. The Italian traveler has been saving \do not disturb\ signs
Disney World Tips and Tricks (PHOTOS) By bucking theme-park tradition, Disney's new technological wrinkles have created a rabbit hole of advance research requirements that not even Alice would enjoy. But we have some insider tips to help.
This Remote Island Is Really, Really, Really Far Away From Where You Are Right Now Sunset... I mean, come ON Flickr
These Extraordinary Photos Of U.S. Skylines Show Cities As You've Never Seen Them Before If you've traveled to major cities in the U.S. or around the world, you probably have a favorite skyline. Here are some entirely new ways of looking at these gorgeous cityscapes.
CityLove Our research and conversations have convinced us that the only \little\ part of Little Rock is its name. This community is embracing its history, incredible cultural resources, and it's natural surroundings in a big way, all of which we'll explore in our future CityLove posts.
Boston and Melbourne Sydney, Australia, and New York are superman destinations, wrestling for attention and flying onto the world's front page.  Boston and Melbourne?  They're more like spectacled Clark Kents.  And each is secretly glad.
Peru To Tourists (CNN) -- Watch out for bare butts when traveling in Machu Picchu -- incidents of Read more on www.cnn.com
The Smiliest Countries On Earth According To Instagram Photos By looking at data compiled from more than 150 million Instagram photos, Jetpac they came up with a list of 124 countries
Drink the World My head punished me for every single drop the following morning when if felt like someone was sat on my chest stabbing me in the eyes with knitting needles, but it was worth every second.
Indian Red! New Orleans' Mardi Gras Indians Despite ceasing hostility, meetings between tribes can be tense. The tribe's Spy Boy, the point man of the tribe, harries
How to Travel Like a Local in Barbados When I say Barbados, I probably don't need to tell you about the dozens of white-sand beaches, the friendly Bajans, the rum. I'll leave you to the guidebooks for more factoids and instead tell you what I wish someone told me before my first stay on island.
10 Beaches Around The World That Will Take Your Breath Away Hot on the coattails of the discovery of the prettiest beach in the world (for the record, it's in Greece, not shockingly
21 Signs You've Spent Too Much Time In Thailand 3. The menu is your new favorite guessing game. What\u2019s a \u201cgrilled carb meat?\u201d Or \u201cfried spaghetti?\u201d You\u2019ll usually only halfway
6 Things You Don't Even Realize You're Doing Wrong With Your Skiing The brutally honest answer to that question is
10 Chill Places To Spend Your Imaginary Spring Break Costa Rica (from @ddfischer, via Instagram) Bali (from @claireounette, via Instagram) @HuffPostTravel #HPSpringBreak French
Travel Adventure As we scaled coral cliffs and peered down into a dark crevice, I queried our agile guide in flip-flops about what we would do in case of a poisonous snakebite. He was too busy scouring the rocks to answer back.
15 Reasons Why Charlotte Is The Weirdest 6. Buzz City Bobcats 4. Everything Is Oddly Evangelical In 2011, when First Lady Michelle Obama complimented the city on
The Travel World Championship We all want to test ourselves, challenge our fish-out-of-water creativity in exotic settings, while constantly assessing and fine-tuning our travel skill sets. Of course bragging rights and status among our fellow travelers aren't bad outcomes either.
Sometimes the Best Part of Traveling Is Coming Home to a Really Excited Dachshund I obviously love to travel... but even more exciting than visiting far off lands is coming home to Karl Froelich.
What's Changed in The World's Ski Industry Over the Past 30 Years? Looking back to those early years, I've been struck by what has and what hasn't changed about the ski industry in those three decades. Here are some thoughts.
How to Make Your Flight Attendant Like (Maybe Even Love) You I know, I know, it's their job to be nice; you're the customer, they're the employee. But if you're good to them, they'll be extra nice to you. So here's how to charm them.
Singapore's Best Street Food New York City doesn't lack for good food, but I've yet to find satisfying Singapore hawker (street food) fare. On a recent trip back, I ate my way through all my favorite local places. Here's a smattering of (just about) everything I miss.
11 Reasons Guam Is The Most Exotic Destination In America You'd probably get a remote island paradise that looks a lot like Guam
The Winchester Mystery House Could Host Sleepovers The world-famous tourist attraction is said to be haunted by the ghosts of everyone who died at the hands of the Winchester
Carny Philosopher King With Buffalo Bill Beard We're in a carnival bar, everyone in this bar is a carnival person. He was raised in carnivals and lives in carnivals. Yet he's not jaded.
The Tides of March I'd like to share some of my favorite East Coast beach towns with you, with some warm thoughts for the season ahead. These award-winning destinations are sure to warm not only your body but also your spirit!
19 Surprising Facts About Malta 2. There are three islands of Malta
Coming Home to Santiago, Where I've Been All Along I hadn't been in Santiago for a while. Now that I'm back, however, the truth is I'm not filled with the same apathy I was when I left three months ago to gallivant around Patagonia .
How to Create a Travel Budget Plane tickets to a certain destination may be cheap, but what about hotel rates, transportation expenses and entry fees to attractions?
50+ Travel Many travelers are happy to let someone else making all the lodging, dining, transportation and entertainment arrangements. The good news is that the choices for guided tours and cruises are nearly endless, and can fit almost any budget, travel style or itinerary expectation.
10 Places to Skip During Spring Break, and Where to Go Instead Some of the world's most gorgeous beach destinations are taken hostage by crowds of rowdy college students in the delightful ritual known as Spring Break.
Our Favorite Duty-Free Shopping Finds in Europe Sanex Deodorant, London Heathrow Airport Striped Sailor Shirt, Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport O.P. Anderson Aquavit, Stockholm
The World's Most Famous Streets Whether they're known for prime people watching or retail therapy, there are some streets in the world that are simply destinations
Is Nicaragua the Next Costa Rica? In the first century of the new millennium, Panama became the new \in\ nation in Central America. Fast forward to present day and there is a new Central American travel destination ready to take the crown of the next hot destination.
Who Ruins the World? Travelers? A Chat with \Gringo Trails\ Director Pegi Vail (Part 1 of 2) \Perhaps the time has come that guidebooks highlight newer destinations in favor of one that's overrun to allow them some breathing space.\
Pretty in Pink Japan's most iconic season is almost here. Cherry blossom time. Clouds of pink petals cover the nation as the flower front moves slowly north. Every village, town and city lets business-as-usual slide to indulge in days of hanami, flower viewing parties.
What You Should Know About Travel Insurance You're going on a trip. Congratulations! Now what about all those nitty-gritty details you have to think about, like, say
The Guide To Hand Gestures Around The World In general, we tend to think it's best not to insult your host country when traveling abroad. It's just not nice. So before
13 of the Best Film and TV Tours Around the World Taking a vacation can be all about escape -- and the same can be said about losing ourselves in the movies and TV shows we love. It's only natural, then, for film and TV buffs to combine the two when we travel by visiting famous filming locations around the world.
Genovia Is A Place We Really Wish Were Real Who's in charge? They allowed a teenager to rule and we think that rules. How could a country led by a teen NOT be the ultimate
Apartments in Italy -- and Mistakes! In Ortigia, I 'landed' without an apartment, and spent a few days in a hotel there while I looked around for available apartments
10 (Almost) Secret Caribbean Islands Pirate hideouts and pink-sand beaches. Local culture untouched by cruise ships and crowds. This is the Caribbean the world doesn't yet know.
Nine Hotel Nightmares That Could Happen to You Locking the door doesn't necessarily mean you're safe. Find out what dangers may be lurking inside your hotel room. And before you scoff, just remember
27 Travel Tips to Help You Become a Master Traveler Below are my 27 golden rules for travel. If you follow them, you'll be a master traveler, able to travel the world with swashbuckling zeal and expert ninja-like knowledge... all without breaking the bank so you can keep cutting a path forward through the world for longer
How to Do Sydney on a Budget A little bit of planning goes a long way as Sydney is full of natural beauty, hidden hotspots, and exciting events. The best part
Rome in 24 Hours To truly view Paolo Sorrentino's Rome, one needs to do it with the same individualistic, somewhat aristocratic spirit of Jep Gambardella, the film's incredible and irreverent protagonist, played by Toni Servillo.
Thoughts on a Weekend in Venice Venice outstripped any expectations I might have brought to the experience. It was far more cinematic than any movie could do justice to.
32 Magical Photos of Ireland Happy St. Patrick's Day! To add to your festivities, we've gathered 32 magical photos of Ireland, the birthplace of this now wacky holiday.
5 Alternative Spring Break Getaways Where else can you see Elton John perform, work on a cattle ranch, and investigate UFOs all in one weekend?
Drink the World You will never look at vodka the same when you've drank it with Russians. To be fair, you may never drink vodka again after drinking it with Russians.
12 Tips For Finding The Best Airfares This is perhaps the easiest way to track airfares. Many travel web sites offer emailed airfare alerts, letting you know when
8 Other Great Emerald Isles I have nothing but leprechaun love for Ireland, but around St. Patrick's Day it's still a little too chilly there for my liking, which has me dreaming of balmier emerald isles.
The Lakes Are Dead, the Alligators Are Not! Like so many hidden gems in Florida, it's hard to find guides, or any indication for that matter, on many absolutely beautiful
How to Speak English Like the Irish On Paddy's Day Listen and learn! And if you can't follow along, then you may be a plastic paddy.
Giola Lagoon Is Epically Beautiful And Crazy Cool To Swim In In the northern Greek island of Thassos near the village of Astris sits this completely fabulous looking natural pool called
The 10 Most Ethical Destinations On Earth 5. Dominica Dominica is known for its biodiversity. The island offers a number of eco-resorts that are devoted to conserving
Your Weekly Travel Zen This week's Moment of Travel Zen comes to us from Lena, of misssfaith.com. Of her photo she says
Penguins, Penguins, Penguins At South Africa's Boulders Beach See ya later guys! There are some 3,000 penguins running around so what's stopping you, go join 'em! As if you wanted another
5 Apps And Sites To Help Feed Your Wanderlust If you're heading to San Francisco, NYC, Austin, Houston or LA (or if you live there), be sure to download Localeur, which
Top 10 European Cities at Spring Spring in Europe is guaranteed to dazzle and delight your senses, whether you're looking to take off to an exclusive enclave, the newest hot spot, or a trendy metropolis for shopping and time on the beach. Here are Europe's best city escapes for spring.
The Most Ridiculous Things About Glamping Those without a royal-like rooftop to glamp on, just visit (what else) glamping.com. The website lists incredible places
Fogo Island Inn Is The Perfect Little Escape Next time you really need to get away from it all, the Fogo Island Inn is calling your name. The inn has a futuristic, minimalistic
Ireland's 7 Best Trails, Pubs and Festivals for Cyclists In honor of Ireland's favorite Saint, Pure Adventures celebrates these favorite Irish parks, pubs, cyclists, trails and festivals.
Fake Passports Aboard My Tokyo Flight to LAX Why was my flight back to the U.S. so memorable? When the pilot announces -- after seven hours of smooth sailing -- that
These 9 Famous Landmarks Look Absolutely Stunning... Until You Zoom Out The postcard version... Reality! The postcard version... Image credit
Best Destination Deals Of The Week As a Friday gift from us to you, we've gathered four of the hottest deals (we think, at least) from this week. There are
Shark Diving in Sydney There's a peace to swimming amongst sea life, and I felt more relaxed in the aquarium than I did in the pool. Phased by the creatures, I was able to stop worrying about breathing underwater and just \be.\
50 Cities Known For A Specific Food 20. Donair -- Halifax, Nova Scotia If you\u2019re ever in Halifax after closing time, when the locals and the students all gather
Come Celebrate Thailand's National Elephant Day With Us What a view! Follow me! (tarapoppins) Just keep swimming Those EARS (beauminds) (fcruzmartins) Hey, big guy! Family Photo
10 Reasons to Go Eat in Brooklyn From crabs in Red Hook to pizza in Bushwick, there are plenty of great eateries all over Brooklyn. Check out our list of some of the best restaurants in the borough.
Norwegian Getaway Celebrates Miami Norwegian Getaway, which launched last week and will sail round trip from Miami to the Caribbean year-round, has a variety of spaces onboard that celebrate the sounds and flavors of the so-called \Capital of Latin America.\
Tale of Two Resorts on the Chesapeake Bay Best For
The Ultimate Walt Disney World 2014 Planner Walt Disney World is one of the most popular vacation destinations on the planet for the sheer fact that it offers so much
5 Unexpected Surf Destinations For The Adventurous Shredder Not all surf trips are sand, sunshine and small islands. Die-hard surfers will shred anywhere there's flowing water and a
This Is The Prettiest Beach In Greece, Which Basically Makes It The Prettiest In The World There's a really beautiful walk and platform perched high above the beach with views of the Ionian island of Zakynthos. And
6 Budget Destinations Where You Can Stretch Your Travel Dollar If you're yearning to get away from it all but don't want to break the bank in the process, these six budget destinations come through with incredible deals and plenty of sun-dappled relaxation.
Getting Naked With Strangers I realized that somewhere between pool #7 and pool #10 I'd forgotten I was naked. I was just a body among bodies. Big bodies, trim bodies, 30-something to 70-something bodies. Nothing special. No shame, no glory. No big deal.
AirBnB Makes for a More Immersive Abroad Experience For AirBnB hosts, opening their homes allows them to share in the experiences of traveling vicariously through others
My Spiritual Travels in Jerusalem Many travelers come to Jerusalem as a spiritual pilgrimage. But even if you're not religious, the city is an monumental place to visit -- especially with a seasoned guide, who can explain the city's complicated history.
The 5 Coolest Distilleries in the World The art of alcohol distillation dates back to some of the earliest civilizations. Today, the practice continues and we highlight some of the coolest places in the world to sip on spirits while gaining an insider view on how they're made.
Visions Become Reality at Paradise Garden in Georgia Howard Finster is one of the best known folk artists of the 20th century, creating more than 47,000 works which are exhibited
Go Behind the Scenes as DC's Union Station Returns to Gilded Grandeur The restoration of the ceiling, undertaken by Union Station Redevelopment Corporation and supported in part by a grant from American Express Company, has hit its stride and as the first completed section is revealed. Let's go through the process of restoring this National Treasure.
Apparently There's A Ferrari Theme Park Coming To Spain Ferrari does not yet have details about the speed or height of the forthcoming coaster. PortAventura is already home to Europe's
CityLove Next up for our CityLove blog series
A History Lover's Guide to the Shenandoah Valley - From Winchester, drive 20 minutes south to Belle Grove Plantation (also a National Trust Historic Site) for a taste of
8 Sexy Cities to Travel With Your Girlfriends This Summer Located in the southern tip of the Baja Peninsula, the area offers oceanfront properties in a warm, sunny climate that many have not yet visited.
6 West Coast Roadside Art Installations Worth a Pit Stop With the wide open road, the freedom of dictating your own schedule and the potential to discover the country's hidden gems, it's no surprise that the road trip has lasted the test of time.
My New Travel Lectures A big project for me this month has been sorting through my favorite travel photos from the last five years and radically
A Magical Reunion Between A Girl And Her Very Sentimental Teddy Bear From Dad \Brooklyn said, 'Where's Toby?' She was freaking out,\ Mom told People.com. So, Brooklyn got her bear back -- along with
Ireland for Everyone For romance and adventure seekers, city breakers, golfers, foodies and more, Ireland is a most obliging and enchanting host.
Love in Ubud, Bali After traveling to Bali in August of 2013, I have an even greater appreciation of how love, among many other things, can be transformative in this mystical Indonesian island.
Malaysia's Batu Caves Offer Culture, Adventure And Monkeys Malaysia's Batu Caves are more than just a series of caverns. The caves, located north of Kuala Lumpur, are the site of an
How to Find a Quiet Place to Relax in a Crowded Foreign City It's easy to feel drained or overstimulated during and after travel. Finding a tranquil place to relax and regroup during your trip is one of the most obvious ways to prevent mental or emotional burnout -- and keep every day of your vacation feeling (almost) like the first day you arrived.
Planning That Visit to Provence? Look Beyond the Guidebooks Putting too much stock in guidebooks limits the serendipity of surprise and the opportunity to slow down and see the roadside flowers. That's especially true in a Provence, a region dotted with small villages and vineyards, cafes and crossroads, bustling markets and ruins, seemingly around every curve.
Honeymoon Destinations Where Americans Are Spending Their First Days As A Married Couple Not for any life-shattering reason, but more so because those months of decisions and plans and stress (oh my!) are over
East Austin As a graduate of UT Austin, the free-spirited city has always remained special to me. Back then, I never stepped foot on the east side, as it was the Great Unknown for most. But artists and creatives moved east in pursuit of lower rent over the last few years, and innovative businesses began to emerge.
This Abandoned Theme Park In Berlin Is Totally Creepy And Completely Awesome There are still tours you can take of the park, even though the park is for sale on ebay (yes, you read that right). Buyers
Tourist's Comedy Gets Stone-Cold British Guard To Crack A Smile A YouTube video of the encounter opens with Yankel approaching the guard somewhat hesitantly. \Go right up to him,\ a voice
12 of the Hardest Places to Visit on Earth From impassable terrains to unstable political situations to strict visa regulations, there are some places on Earth that are nearly impossible to get into. Fortunately, these adventurous photographers dared to venture into these territories!
Loving Hearts, Analytical Minds and Curious Souls You're in a job you find unfulfilling and it seems that, day by day, your confidence takes a hit. If 30 is the new 20, what's that make 25? I know it's easy to get frustrated, easier still to doubt yourself in the midst of uncertainty, but know this
10 Reasons You're Packing Too Much Then there's the problem of packing the necessary converters and adapters for the countries you're visiting. Our advice? Call
10 Things You Should Never Say to a Flight Attendant The word \stewardess\ is about as contemporary as the glamorous coach-class experience of yesteryear. Both are gone forever
6 Ways To Ease Your Fear Of Flying Flying certainly seems scary right now. The recent Germanwings crash has passengers on edge, and why not? It's frightening
The Reveler's Guide to Dyeing the Chicago River Green The annual event--happening Saturday, March 15 at 10 a.m. -- has blossomed into such a spectacle that leprechauns and banshee ballerinas line up in the wee hours for the best spot to watch the process. Now where is that, exactly?
Deja Vu in Ukraine Everyone was wrong. As I traveled through the former Pale of Settlement -- where 5 million Jews were forced to live and outside
Blooming Spring Stuck in snowstorms and sub-zeros? Spring from the pits of winter hibernation to sun-kissed blossoms in Europe. Spring is exquisite in the continent steeped in history, cultivated in culture and bursting with beauty.
Been There, Dune That It's a scene right out of Lawrence of Arabia
5 Ways to Keep Your Passport Safe As highlighted by the recent news that two stolen passports were used by passengers aboard the missing Malaysia Airlines flight, your passport might well have as much, if not more, value to criminals here and abroad precisely because they are so difficult to obtain and increasingly hard to counterfeit.
5 More Reasons Why I Love New York New York City exudes an energy like no other city in the world. Each time I visit, I discover new things to experience as I relish the many things that I have delighted in before. But there is always something new.
TIME Ranks The 'Selfiest Cities' On The Planet Makati City, known as the financial center of the Philippines, can now boast another distinction
A Blustery Day On South Georgia Island We're left thinking about the real hardships of the great explorers of the past, knowing we probably had that coming.
Clams -- Velvety Jewels of the Sea Clam chowder. Clam bake. Clam up. Tight as a clam. As happy as a clam. OK, but you don't normally associate the filter-feeding, plankton-feasting bivalve mollusc -- you probably won't use that term either -- with gems.  Oysters, yes, but clams?
7 Simple Tricks to Beat Jet Lag No matter how seasoned you are as a traveler, no matter how tightly you can make Die Hard fists with your toes, no matter how many Ambiens you pop pre-flight, you will get jet lag. It's science; accept it. Though it can't be avoided, it can be minimized -- with these seven expert tips.
How to Avoid the Stomach Flu on Your Next Cruise Recent instances of gastrointestinal illnesses at sea have been making headlines and leaving some travelers wary of setting sail. But thankfully, you're not as likely to contract norovirus -- marked by symptoms like vomiting, nausea, diarrhea and stomach pain -- as you may think.
The Longest Flights in the World Though Singapore Air's 18-hour nonstop flight from Newark to Singapore was suspended last year, there are still plenty of
Should Congress Ban Cellphone Chatter on Planes? (POLL) Silence has been valued since humans started traveling, of course. But the debate about cellphone chatter on planes has touched a nerve, and if the law passes, it could even do something unprecedented
What's New in Germany for 2014 In N\u00fcrnberg, the Imperial Castle (Kaiserburg) has reopened after a restoration. Visits to the castle's \Deep Well\ (which
Six things Every Smart Traveler Should Do This Month A look at Canada's Lake Louise. (Photo
According To London, This Is What Drinking In The Rockaways Looks Like Following the trend of \tres Brooklyn,\ a bar in London is channeling New York hipness through the allure of the Rockaways
36 Hours in Houston Like any good New Yorker, I immediately sought out food. No barbecue nor beans I found. Instead, my fork stumbled onto an unexpected variety of Middle Eastern, Mexican and Vietnamese dishes, each as delectably daring as the next.
Do Not Enter Some tourist visa applications are easy -- an Australian visa, for example, can be acquired in a few minutes via the Internet. Others, however, can take weeks, if not months, to procure.
Wacking Girls' Bums, Egg Contests and Bready Lambs Leaning against the sides of the wooden market stalls are sticks festooned with coloured ribbons on the top. Made of braided willow branches, these sticks serve a very important role in an unusual Czech tradition.
The 5 Best Places to Celebrate St. Patrick's Day The biggest and best celebrations are concentrated either in Ireland itself, or in that land across the water, where so many Irish immigrants settled in successive waves from the 17th century on.
7 Ways to Give Back While You Travel Traveling is one of life's biggest privileges. Adventures and experiences of a lifetime are ripe for the picking on all seven continents and people often ask me how they can give back while they travel. Here are some suggestions.
Road Trips For Best Friends Los Angeles to Big Sur Don't Hike All of It, But Do Drive It Best Songs
Where To See Flowers In Bloom This Spring National Cherry Blossom Festival, Washington, D.C. The annual festival in D.C. showcases Washington at its finest. Japan
Your Weekly Travel Zen This week's Moment of Travel Zen comes to us from G.J. Monahan. Monahan's photo shows the stunning art and architecture of
F\u00e9licit\u00e9 Island Is The Perfect Remote Escape Guests staying at other nearby islands can take a day trip to F\u00e9licit\u00e9 to experience the island, walk trails and snorkel
Views Of The Grand Canyon Are Even Better At Night Whether you're taking in the landscape from a roadside stop or snapping photos on the South Rim, there's no wrong place to
Vacation Activities You Shouldn't Be Embarrassed About 12. Turn off your phone and ignore the planet for a while. 16. To be really sad to miss your favorite TV shows while out
Using Airplane Wi-Fi? Watch Out For The Guy In 27A For instance, a passenger's compromised device could provide hackers with credit card information or cough up access to someone's
The One-Day Guide to New Orleans' Literary Landmarks Each spring bibliophiles and Brando buffs flock to the Tennessee Williams/New Orleans Literary Festival to pay homage to the late great playwright, who penned A Streetcar Named Desire in what he called his \spiritual home.\
What's New in Great Britain in 2014 For travelers, Great Britain is a work in progress, richly rewarding those who visit with up-to-date information. Here are a few important changes to be aware of for 2014.
10 Glorious Places Where Daylight Savings Time Does Not Exist Hawaii The Aloha Spirit transcends all time and space. Iceland More daylight = more hot spring time. North Korea Of course
Raymond Bickson of Hawaii Raymon N. Bickson is a hero of India's $20 billion hospitality industry. He's feted in India's political, business and social circles for having re-energized the country's leading hotel chain, helping drive up annual tourist arrivals
Visiting the Driest Place on Earth When I learned there was a place on this earth where there has been almost no measurable rainfall...ever...my curiosity was piqued, and I booked a trip to this extraordinary place -- the Atacama desert in northern Chile.
Jacada's Top 20 Favorite Infinity Pools Join us by taking a dip into our list of favorite never-ending pools.
What You Need to Know Before Traveling to England London's calling... or the whole country is. And they speak English! So what do else do you need to know before you travel there? Well... a lot!
Fear Traveling? Go From \Headcase to Suitcase\ With These 8 Steps 7. Have back-up plans. Have a Plan B to deal with everything from metro strikes and public rallies to lost luggage and closed attractions.
The Cheapest Places In The Caribbean Now St Maarten-St Martin Average cost
If Mardi Gras Wasn't Part Of Your Plan This Year, Try One Of These Festivals Instead Feel like we left something off the list? Share your thoughts below and let us know which parties/festivals you'll be attending
22 Places In Ireland To Celebrate The Emerald Isle The tradition of St. Patrick's Day parades actually originated in America. Instead of getting drunk on Guinness, why not
How to Fit a Disney and Orlando Trip into a Budget This year prices are going up again for popular Orlando attractions. This will turn some folks off, but for those for whom Disney or Universal is a rite of passage or a treasured family vacation, here are some ways to save on an Orlando trip.
Spring into 'ARTiculture' at the Philadelphia Flower Show! The Pennsylvania Horticultural Society has partnered up with eighteen art museums to produce \ARTiculture,\ an installation of floral arrangements interpreting or recreating famous works of art.
Five Travel Destinations From This Year's Oscar Hits What is beyond the performances, costumes, and music? As they say in real estate
Cameron Brooks Nightscapes Prove Hawaii Is Just As Magical By Moonlight (PHOTOS) After the blue skies have faded into night, a different paradise emerges. Photographer Cameron Brooks has devoted an entire
Cruise Trends and Deals for 2014! That's terrific news for consumers because that means more options and better deals. Several more new cruise ships will debut this year than 2013, which yielded the smallest crop in decades.
The Airplane Smells Like Farts... And 4 Other Travel Annoyances With the crazy expensive cost of flying these days one would think that you would have a pleasant, even 5 star experience traveling the friendly skies. But, if you're like most people, you're shelling out a big chunk of change to fly coach and there is little, if anything, friendly about it.
The Road to Everywhere I didn't exactly know what to do with my dad's Elantra. So I drove. I got in the car and took my first independent road trip. It was the only thing I could do to both honor my dad and escape the overwhelming pain and death at home.
21 Reasons to Finally Take That Trip to Italy (PHOTOS) \I never saw Venice\ is a classic last-words clich\u00e9 for a reason
The Magic of Seaside Resorts in the Off Season The transformation between the two seasons is somewhere along the lines of Jekyll and Hyde.
So Much Stuff It took me about a month to go through everything in my house. I opened a drawer and pulled out six remote controls. Six
The Exceptional Traveler The response to my last post, 'Travel On $1200 a Month!' was enthusiastic, but I received many emails from people wondering if I could travel so cheaply only because I was in Mexico.  Happily, this is not true.
The Next Anthony Bourdain But more than that is the Q factor, the natural charisma that springs through a screen, the authenticity and savvy audiences
21 Things You Only Know If You've Worked in Hotels 16. The further up the chain of command you go the less humanity you will retain. In the future hotel managers will be sent back in time to assassinate the leader of the human resistance.
Love Letters New Orleans, you touch my soul. Each night, I go to sleep thinking of what new adventures we will have tomorrow. I can think of nothing better than stepping out the front door and living life in a place I love.
The World's Best Overwater Bungalows... Outside Tahiti From Mexico to Cambodia, the world's now your oyster when it comes to waterfront paradise.
Popeye's Village Looks Like An Abandoned Town... But It's Not Visitors are welcomed by a Popeye actor of course. Located on the northwest corner of Malta, the village is actually the
The Perfect Day in Paris On her best day ever, Kerry ticks all the Paris boxes
Learn, Dance and Have Fun in Colombia's Caribbean Museum Memo to first-time visitors to Colombia
The Best Things to Do in Jimmy Fallon's Hometown The area's deep-rooted agricultural heritage has meshed with kitchen savvy to make Saugerties a stomping ground for culinary geeks. If that's not enough to entice you, Jimmy Fallon was raised here and locals couldn't be prouder or more pleased to chat about their hometown boy.
The Makers Of 'Airplane!' Really Want You To Visit Wisconsin (h/t AdWeek) Brought to you by Badger State natives Jim Abrahams and David and Jerry Zucker, who collaborated on the 1980
Jennifer Lawrence Really Wants To Go Here On Vacation She's \never been to Greece\ which is why she's so keen on visiting, and we don't blame her. We heard from a little bird
Chasing a Legend I was in Bangladesh about to climb on board the last airframe of the type operated by Biman Bangladesh Airlines, the last airline using the DC-10 in scheduled passenger service. For the final commercial flight we were booked for thirteen hours en route to Birmingham, UK.
5 Places to Fall in Love in Paris For centuries, Paris has enticed poets, artists, and lovers with its cobbled streets, cafe culture, and romantic views. Our love affair with the city runs deep, and we've rounded up some of our favorite spots.
Freedom From Slavery Came Early in an Unexpected Country -- Dubrovnik, Croatia Discussions about slavery are always coming up. If only it hadn't happened -- how could the world allow it to happen?  Who supported it? The issue of slavery came up for me in a surprising place and the person who brought it up, and what they had to say about it, intrigued me.
Luxury Electric Cars A plug-in isn't the only feature that will make you feel like you're learning to drive all over again. From Cadillac to Mercedes
4 Reasons Cornwall Can Claim to Be 'A Land Apart' This geographical remoteness has created a land apart, historically cut off from mainstream Britain. Categorized as one of the Celtic lands (which include Brittany, Wales, the Isle of Man, Ireland and Scotland), Cornwall even has its own tartan.
The Insanely-Tested Top Ten Travel Tips for Spring To guide those desirous of good travel this spring, passages without dread or detours, I've put together my list of the top ten travel tips for this spring, gleaned from delirious misadventures all over the world.
Diary of a None Too Happy Camper I'm not a fan of organized tours or camping. But when you're in hyper-expensive Australia, unwilling to waste zillions on a 4X4, a camping tour of The Kimberley, one of Western Australia's premier sights, may be your best bet.
Beat the Price Hike The festival is about one month away. In the past few years, travelers, on average, made hotel reservations about three weeks before they traveled.
5 Last Minute Family Spring Break Vacations The glimpse of a robin atop a huge snow pile doesn't seem to hold the usual promise that warmer temperatures are close at hand.
Ruby Falls Are An Instagrammer's Dream Behold
How This Gloomy Norwegian Town 'Stole' the Sun Rjukan lies at the bottom of a narrow east-west valley called the Vestfjord, and the view south is dominated by an imposing mile-high peak, Gaustatoppen. From September 28 to March 12 every year, the Norwegian sun sinks so low in the sky that Rjukan lies in perpetual shadow.
Paris Breakfasts CG
Flying Like the Rich and Famous \Aren't we forgetting something?\ I ask, while ducking inside. \If you say so,\ I reply. In truth, I'm not that disappointed
An Incredible Road Trip Through West Texas Texas native Stephen Orr takes the road less traveled on a drive through the Lone Star State's wild western borderlands.
Pretty Little Speed Trap A quick Google search of \ticket + Outer Banks N.C.\ lead me to dozens of other similar stories, where a minor or non-existent
Reunion Island To explore the sea-floor is a reason in itself to come to La R\u00e9union. The sea-bottom is rough with something called orsans
15 NYC Neighborhoods That Could Be European Cities 15. Financial District -- Dublin Cobbled streets and really old buildings define the Financial District. Add in the slow
Exploring a New City? Here Are Four Reasons to Hit the Dog Park [Photos] If you like dogs, I find they typically like you back. I quickly realized that my plopping down on the sand to take a picture was actually a canine invitation to cuddle. These snuggle sessions may not directly contribute to getting to know a city, but they're sure one hell of a bonus.
Three Amazing Places to Go in Indonesia Besides Bali Bali is the stuff of vacation fantasies, no doubt, but three neighboring Indonesian islands offer similar dreamy landscapes, plus character all their own (and sometimes, fewer crowds).
Can't We At Least Acknowledge Each Other When We Fly? One of the weirdest things about commercial air travel is pretending that the people sitting in your seat row are invisible. I find it truly odd -- maybe it's just me -- sitting next to someone for four, five, six, or 12 hours with a total cone of silence enveloping you.
Disabled Plane Passengers Get A View Of The Northern Lights On Special Flight Over Scotland Their British Airways flight was chartered by Aerobility, a charity that gives people with disabilities a chance to fly. Some
A Guide to Tipping in 10 Cities You've enjoyed a lovely meal
How To Hang Like An Austin Local Outside Of SXSW Those looking to get some exercise in and do some damage to their bank account should spend time browsing South Congress
OTP's Guide to Partying Your Ass Off in Prague Prague's party scene is more beer and jazz, less ecstasy and techno. Although not as cheap as it once was, Prague's beer-brewing skills are amongst the best on the planet and you can still party like a king on a peasant's budget.
10 Signs You're the Worst Person on Your Flight Are you a candidate for most-hated passenger on the plane? If you're guilty of any of the following bad habits, you'll likely be the subject of disdainful glares, sanctimonious whispers, and violent revenge fantasies on your next flight.
10 Places in Europe You Never Thought You Could Afford It'll take more than a discreetly tucked money belt to protect your cash in Europe's most expensive cities. Here's how to experience London, Paris, Venice, and other delightful destinations for a whole lot less than the average traveler.
This Epic California Timelapse Is Pure Sun-Drenched Seduction With landmarks like the iconic Sun Portal at Pfieffer Beach, the arid desert of Joshua Tree, or the ancient giant sequoias of Yosemite National Park, it's easy to see why the diverse landscape of California has captivated travelers since wheels were made of wood.
How to Travel on a Special Diet If you find that eating abroad causes you a lot of stress, you might find the following tips helpful.
5 Bad Habits to Kick Before You Travel We've all heard this piece of travel advice, \take half the clothes you were planning on packing and twice the money.\ Traveling lighter is the way to go and that includes letting go of some bad habits that may burden us along the way. Here are five things to give up before you hit the skies!
Your Travel Questions Answered Q
29 Photos That Will Awaken Your Inner Explorer If you can't visit these places yourself, here's the next best thing!
10 Indispensable Italian Slang Expressions You won't find them in Italian books, but you'll hear them all over the streets. Understanding them will give you a huge boost in comprehension. Using them will make you much more fun to talk to.
How To Get Banned From An Airline Or Hotel In 10 Easy Steps Don't bring snakes (or jokes) on a plane... or to your hotel When in Russia (or any foreign country for that matter) it's
Your Weekly Travel Zen \Part of what I love about the city is its ability to celebrate life... even after death. The above-ground cemetery had a
Plaza De Toros Bullring In Colonia, Uruguay In All Its Abandoned Glory This certainly can be said for Plaza de toros Real de San Carlos in Uruguay. The bullring once saw fights from the famous
The Way These People Get Around Will Make You Seriously Rethink Your Car 6. Most people on the Grecian island of Hydra travel by foot, so they hire mules when they need to transport big loads to
The Best Time To Book A Plane Ticket, According To New Study The researchers found that, on average, a ticket was at its highest price on the day before the flight. The second-highest
Hotels Where Celebrities Have Stayed Ever wanted to \randomly\ bump into a celebrity? Check out Hipmunk's list of hotels where celebrities have been known to
10 Confederate Monuments You Probably Didn't Know About 9. Confederate Monument, Savannah, Georgia This monument sits in Savannah's Forsyth Park and was unveiled in 1879. 8. Confederate
The 10 Steepest Streets In America While it's hard to believe that the ten steepest roads in America can only be found in three states (seven in California
All The Cool Kids In Singapore Hang Out On The Henderson Waves Bridge The bridge gives you killer views of Singapore City and its islands both day and night. And the bridge's smooth, scooped
16 Local Legends You Should Probably Pay Attention To 15. If you're looking to get in touch with the spirits, tour the Winchester Mystery House in San Jose, California. Widow
25 Foods That Will Always Remind You Of Vacation Here are some of our favorites. 3. A massive bowl of handmade pasta ...preferably of the Italian variety. 7. Croissants No
All Eyes On Rio There is much more to Rio than just sand and sea.
Scotland's Dunnottar Castle Is The Perfect Spot For Exploring The ruins of Dunnottar Castle sit on a dramatic cliff on the northeast coast of Scotland. The castle is incredibly rich in
Escape the Deep Freeze Spring is supposedly on the way, but with temperatures across the U.S. still below freezing and snow continuing to fall, we can't help but ask ourselves if we've entered the next Ice Age.
Every Twenty-Something Should Experience At Least Once Three words should describe your travels as a twenty-something
Views From AFAR But what is the exact nature of this festival, and how best can you enjoy it? We checked in with a couple of the most informed Mardi Gras sources.
Dreaming of a Trip to Europe in 2014? Visit our website for webcast details, a complete schedule, and onsite class registration. Join me and my top travel teachers
Wooly Beasts and Meat Jelly Grab a flight, and head to the land of the Magyars to experience these quintessential Central European spring festivals.
Ryanair Plans To Offer Transatlantic Flights For Less Than \u00a310 Ryanair's plan seems pretty far fetched... But if they do get those planes one day, would you fly Ryanair long-haul? In October
TSA Agent Questions Passenger Over Status Of D.C.'s Statehood The tweet went viral, prompting D.C.'s House delegate Eleanor Holmes Norton to author a letter to the TSA calling for \corrective
Curing Your Fear of Flying What can you do, other than stay home, or at least use only much slower modes of transport to get to your chosen destination?
10 Magical Places Where There Are No Cars 6. Hydra, Greece With a picture perfect location on the Aegean sea, Hydra is basically paradise. No wheeled vehicles are
What Do Van Morrison, the Godfather of Punk and Seamus Heaney Have in Common? The winds make us lean towards this place, to inhale its spirit, and the broken waters summon us to baptize our dreams, and, in our own foreign way, contribute to the exquisite idea that is Northern Ireland.
Safari Beyond the Game Drive While wild animals may be nervous of human beings on foot or in a vehicle, they are more relaxed around horses because they disguise your smell. Traveling on horseback also allows you to explore beyond the reach of roads.
Breathtaking Photos of Lighthouses in Winter Yes, it's still freezing outside but these picturesque towers light up snow-covered landscapes and provide spectacular views. Glass half-full, remember?
Oasis in Botswana Without thinking twice about it, if I had to name five of my absolute favorite places on Earth, I'd include the Okavango
Suomenlinna The six islands comprising the Fortress of Suomenlinna in Helsinki, Finland, have the kind of forlorn beauty that one would expect in this pocket of Scandinavia -- and a quirky, varied culture all their own.
Escapes From London Hop a train from London and in less than two hours you can be hiking country trails, soaking in mineral spa waters or shucking oysters by the sea.
Delta Deals the 99 Percent Out Delta's new airline mileage deal is a deliberate attempt to reward its high-spending customers and take from the unwashed 99 percent -- further widening the gulf between the haves and the have-nots.
Love Letters I love you for loving the multitude and diversity of people and the harshness of the land amidst a sea of eternal hope. In the process, you have become the visual representation of dreams, ambitions, and prosperity. Dear Albuquerque
Europe's Vintage Cinemas Only Get Artsier With Instagram Add these movie houses to your must-watch list. Here's Filmcasino in Vienna, Austria. It got an overhaul in the 50s, so there's
Traveling the USA -- and Enjoying In-Depth Interviews With the Local Media While I've never tallied it up, I imagine I spend 30 or 40 days a year traveling throughout the USA, visiting public television
Little Big Easy Guide to New Orleans New Orleans is one big, beautiful rag-tag gang of party people. It's the one place in America where it's always time to eat a great meal, join a band, booze on the street, start a parade, and wear a feather boa.
All Is Lost (Well, Maybe Not) A dizzying panic set in, but then something else washed over me... I felt unfettered, with no past, no loads, no directions or guides, just the woozy exotic moment. I chewed on it like a wad of qat, and felt as edged and alive as I could be.
Spring Break Adventures in the Grand Canyon of Swamps Last time we checked, blackwater swamps weren't high on anyone's lists of spring break destinations. Maybe they should be.
Solo Traveling Brittney was very lucky that her wits prevailed and she never got on that plane. Don't get distracted by everything going
Inside DisneyWorld's Soon-To-Be Opened Seven Dwarfs Mine Train Ride (VIDEO) DisneyWorld will open more parts of its Fantasyland expansion later this year, including the Seven Dwarfs Mine Train. If
Underrated As one of the few places still left in Europe that is untouched by English-speaking tourists, Starbucks chains and menus in 10 languages, I'd say Krakow is a destination worth checking out.
The World's 50 Most Visited Tourist Attractions God bless all the tourists who run around the globe checking out all those famous spots that simply can't be missed. While
This Guy Layered Old Paintings Of London With Actual Streets From Google Maps We've gotta tip our bowler hat to Reddit user shystone. The clever art fan remixed 18th and 19th-century paintings of London
A Transformational Tanzanian Safari (Photos) Though I had no one close to share the memories with, I was able to focus more clearly on what makes the experience so memorable. There is something about connecting with nature in such a profound way that forces you see things from a new perspective.
From Mile 127 to Zero In a Florida that's come to be defined by coconut oil and Disney, it's a spectacular reminder of the awesome natural beauty and easygoing rhythm that made the sunshine state a hotspot in the first place.
Success on the Antarctic Peninsula! The faint glow of the soon to be rising sun welcomes our arrival as we nose into Andvord Bay on the western Antarctic Peninsula.
The ONE Thing You Must Do In Each U.S. State ALABAMA Go to space camp at the U.S. Space & Rocket Center Aspiring astronauts ages 9 to 99 come to Huntsville for a chance
The Official Center Of The World Is, Of Course, In California A section of the original stairway from the Eiffel Tower. Essentially, this place is one big trippy experiment and next time
Cambodia's Angkor Vs. Burma's Bagan Where else in the world will you feel like you're in Legends of the Hidden Temple?
10 Warm-Weather Destinations From the Caribbean to Africa to Mexico, our recent favorite hot spots all provide much more than simply a rise in temperature.
Beach Vacations With More Than Just Sand and Surf Because sand and surf aren't always enough, here are a ton of beach resorts that offer no-fail, keep-everyone-happy activities for a perfect beach vacation -- and then some.
Amish Rite of Spring Is Just Plain Dirty (PHOTOS) You know spring is in sight because every year, at the end of February, the Amish there have what's known as mud sales. They're held on several weekends leading into the warmer months.
The Best Spring Vacation Deals These eight destinations may not be the typical spring break hot spots (no Florida beaches or Caribbean retreats), but they'll pull you out of your winter hibernation with their diverse attractions, mild temperatures and budget-friendly itineraries.
The Magic of Madras, The Charm of Chennai Meeting Dr. Nirvikalpa Natarajan unexpectedly pretty much sums up my view of Chennai. Chennai is a city of surprises. It is not a city that boasts. It has a charm of its own, and a kind of special warmth that a stranger senses at once.
The Best Food Apps for Cruisers Choosing a restaurant while in port shouldn't be a game of chance. Thankfully, there are plenty of apps to make finding your next bite a quick and painless process. Many of which are free!
How to Book Cheap Spring Break Airfare After one of the coldest and snowiest seasons on record, it is starting to feel like this winter may never end! Escape from the chill, and get the best deal for your budget, using these quick tips on booking Spring Break fares.
A Whale of a Shark Story The hulking outline of a 25-foot whale shark -- known here in the Philippines as a, literally, \gentle giant\ -- could be discerned coming towards us through the luminescent water.
Immerse Yourself in Sea Life at Florida Aquariums 
8 Nifty Little Items You Never Pack... But Should No matter where you're traveling next, there are a few things you can add to your grab-and-go bag that will make everything run a little more smoothly. Meet eight items that will turn you into the MacGyver of the vacation set.
Would You Buy a Cruise With an E-Check? It turns out that there are several important differences between paying by e-check and paying by credit card. And given the popularity of new electronic payment choices, it's a good time to understand how they work.
How to Breeze Through Airport Security Just when I thought I sort of understood the process, I was at the airport yesterday. \TSA PreCheck\ showed up on my boarding pass again. Goodie. But I still had to take my laptop out of its case. Go figure.
The Best Way to Travel is With Kids With the help of my daughters, I can again appreciate all the beauty around me. Castles are no longer ancient buildings or museums full of useless stuff, they are now places where stories come alive.
Mexico City Next time you're on a jet landing at Mexico City, try to imagine what happened here five centuries ago.
5 New Orleans Bars You Must Visit This Mardi Gras With so many great bars to visit in the area, both on and off of Bourbon St., we've made a list of some of our favorites for you to try this year.
This Italian Town Looks Like It's Out Of A Fairytale Alberobello is known for its trulli -- limestone dwellings with domed, conical or pyramidal roofs -- which are on the UNESCO
This Is What Things Look Like In A Town With No Roads Wouldn't you want to row down these canals or walk these paths? The town sits in the midst of the Weeribben-Wieden National
5 Things to Eat During SXSW If you're one of the tens of thousands flocking to Austin, TX for South by Southwest (SXSW) music and interactive festival
You've Never Seen Casablanca Like This Before I've come to the conclusion that all Casablanca needs is a little color  -- and a lot of Photoshop. Will artists across the city be offended by one tourist's over styled photographic impressions?
Climbing Iceland's Glaciers Is A Scary And Amazing Adventure Be careful! Snow bridge! Yikes. Grab your compass and head on out. Moraine is the debris left behind by a moving glacier
The 18 Worst Things About Hawaii (No Really) 8. You can't escape people Never want to see an ex again? Hoping to avoid a colleague or frenemy? Good luck. You both live
Your Weekly Travel Zen Japan boasts the best of both worlds, with unique urban centers to explore and mountains, gardens and parks that welcome
A Mexican Beach Vacation, Without All The Guilt And Stuff You've heard of it, we know you have, but may we recommend Tulum? It's the perfect blend of Caribbean-colored water and incredibly
The Lost Children of Alexander the Great In 2010 I and a friend, Adam Sulkowski, made a journey to the snow-capped Hindu Kush in search of this ancient European pagan people living in an unstable Muslim country. This is our story.
The Way We Used To Travel 5. You had to call your airline to check flights. No internet updates, no emails, no texts. Just phone calls. 1. International
Check Out The Incredible 'Frozen Waterfalls' Of Hierve El Agua Hierve el Agua is one of Mexico's most beautiful natural wonders that you probably haven't heard of. Located in the Central
Feeding My Voracious Passport With a Jellyfish-Munching Turtle in the Great Barrier Reef My passport is like the blood-sucking, voracious plant from Little Shop Of Horrors -- the more I feed it, the hungrier it gets.
10 Reasons Women Need to Solo Travel You may feel like you're stuck. You may feel as if you have invisible chains around you that you can't break no matter how hard you try. Solo travel frees you from the ties that bind.
A California Winter Is Something Out Of A Dream From above the #Hollywood sign. pic.twitter.com/kDvk4FO1eX \u2014 Beautiful Pictures (@BEAUTIFULPlCS) February 11, 2014 The iconic
'Above San Francisco' Photos And Video Will Take Your Breath Away \u201cAbove San Francisco,\u201d a photo and video project shot by photographers Toby Harriman, Michael Shainblum and Marc Donahue
Cities That Could Be the Next Pompeii (PHOTOS) Pompeii's legacy is so iconic, it's hard to imagine a volcano dealing a similar blow in modern times, but it has happened -- and could possibly happen again.
10 Islands Around The World That Are Really, Really Awesome 3. Bora Bora, French Polynesia 1. Ambergris Caye, Belize 6. Naxos, Greece 2. Providenciales, Turks and Caicos 8. Nosy Be
The Leaning Tower Of Pisa Has More Issues Than We Thought Yup, we weren't kidding. Don't believe us? And just for good measure, here are those tourists holding up the thing
For a Smarter Trip, Consult Your Concierge Instead of asking your questions on the spot, Chopra advises calling ahead of time and giving a concierge a chance to dig and do some research for you. Relay the specifics of what you're looking for, be friendly and respectful, and remember how useful a concierge can be.
Don't Pet Rabid Dogs (and Other Smart Travel Advice) \I wish I could claim to be smart, but I'm not -- I only travel enough to make a lot more mistakes than the rest of you,\ he told me. \I've been arrested in three countries, ruined rental cars in four, and destroyed no less than five cameras in some of the most beautiful places on Earth.\
Smart Travel Advice \The world is essentially a friendly place and the people you encounter -- whatever their backgrounds and beliefs -- are more similar to you than different from you,\ he adds. \Ask for locals' advice and help on the road, and your journey will be enriched in unimaginable ways.\
72 Hours in Tulum Two hours and a world away from the megaresorts in Cancun, Tulum lures a laid-back breed of beach lover, nature fiend and sun seeker to its casita-dotted shores.
This 2,000-Year-Old Bulgarian Fortress Will Take You Back in Time Check out images of Belogradchik Fortress below! Built by the Romans during the first through third centuries, the Belogradchik
6 Winter Games Getaways to Unleash Your Inner Olympian The Sochi Winter Games are nearly over, but fervor is at a fever pitch (let's just say I've been Googling \where to learn bobsleigh\).
Deserts on 3 Continents, Part 2 -- the Atacama With about 0.59 inches of rain a year the Atacama, high in the Andes Mountains of northern Chile, is the driest place on Earth, and very likely its oldest desert, going back 3 million years.
Elvis the Mark, Carny Kids and the Showtown Allstars \The girls went crazy,\ said the veteran carnival owner. \He drew a big crowd.\ However, Browning isn't actively painting
The Trysts of Avalon There is much to see and do in Avalon, and it's best shared with someone special. Start planning your getaway now.
7 Places You Should Visit in 2014 Is Brazil on your bucket list this year? How about Haiti? We've got the inside scoop on some surprising places you should visit this year.
CityLove Goes to Boise, Idaho The future for this neighborhood will certainly be complicated and something the National Trust will be monitoring with great
The Race to Save a Rare Slice of Japanese-American History \The optimum solution, of course, is to preserve the structures on site,\ Urashima says. \In California, it should be easily
12 Travel Pet Peeves Although we may be more PC about it and a tad more tolerant of the vicissitudes of travel that are out of our control, we still grumble, cap and whine about the things we really hate about traveling.
10 Reasons Why Rio is AMAZING! 7. Even nuns go to the beach.
The Gulf Coast's Merry Mardi Gras Fest A fine place to start Mardi Gras meanderings is at Biloxi's Mardi Gras Museum.  Located in the historic Magnolia Hotel, this museum traces the three hundred year history of Mardi Gras on the Gulf Coast. The costumes are outrageous and quite beautiful.
Spike Aerospace's New Supersonic Jet Is ENTIRELY Window Seats The S-512 jet will debut in December 2018. If passengers get tired of looking at the world beyond, they will be able to dim
You Can Visit Meteora, Greece's Town 'In The Middle Of The Sky' You can climb up steps to the monasteries for a quick rush, and once you're up there, you can move between them via, essentially
Love Letters Denver, I love you. I really do. Not a cheap, tawdry kind of love, either; mine is a passionate love affair that takes place on the gritty corners of East Colfax, in Wash Park on a sunny day, underneath the shady trees along Speer Boulevard and 6th Avenue, above the streets of LoDo on a rooftop bar, and inside of a taquer\u00eda on Federal between Alameda and 32nd.
Hooked on Healthy Travel With these tips and healthy options in mind, indulging in another cocktail or taking a bite of that chocolate lava cake won't seem so bad.
Top 6 Flying Fear Factors and Ways to Overcome Them 6. FEAR
15 Amazing Beaches to Warm Your Soul on a Snowy Day With much of the continental United States experiencing record cold and snow, we thought we'd do our part by compiling these 15 amazing beaches so you can keep warm on the inside, if not the outside.
Celebrating Easter in the Eternal City When making plans to attend this momentous occasion, it's important to know what to expect in order to make the most of your experience!
13 Lies The Movies Are Telling You About Travel But these are lies, people. ALL LIES. Don't believe these common misconceptions you've seen on the screen. 2. It's completely
Tracing the Irish Influence in Boston Welcome to Boston, or as the Irish say, \C\u00e9ad m\u00edle f\u00e1ilte.\ On a trip here, we encourage you to track down all things Irish. The fun of it can be discovering how this country's early history is intertwined with Irish culture.
How to Spot a Vacation Club Scam In the last six months of 2013 a \Vacation Club Scam\ setup shop in central New York State, in the area where I grew up. When
10 Reasons to Visit Hamburg If Hamburg isn't on your list of places to visit in Germany, it should be. The city has something for everyone, whether you're a history buff, a culture enthusiast, or a shopaholic.
The Longest Beaches In The World On Which To Take A Really, Really Long Walk Here are eleven beaches where you can show your bikini bod for miles and miles. Stockton Beach, Australia Not only is this
The Skinniest Streets On Earth Treasury Street in St. Augustine, Florida This street claims to be the narrowest in the United States, but seven feet wide
Hawaii Duck Tour of Maunalua Bay On this trip to Waikiki we stayed three nights at Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach. And while we had never previously stayed
Spring Spa Treatment Hot List Spring can not get here fast enough, so head to Turks & Caicos, Oregon's wine country or Cabo San Lucas for the newest trends in springtime spa treatments. I know I am ready!
Get Ready For Spring With The Most Stunning Flower Markets Around The World New York Calcutta, India Brussels Los Angeles Amsterdam Bangkok Holland has the world's largest flower market, but many other
Deserts on Three Continents, Part 1 -- The Gobi For the return flight the ticket says 0605. I'm sure this cannot be correct since the plane from Ulaanbaatar does not land
Are You a Dromomaniac? -- The 10 Most Common Manias That Affect Travelers Are you a dromomaniac (insatiable traveler)? Of course you are -- if you weren't a xenomaniac (inquisitive person obsessed with foreign things and places) you wouldn't be reading this. You've come to the right place.
Winging It in Spain's Bird Paradise (PHOTOS) Locals used to \persecute\ magnificent birds of prey, he explained, whereas \today it's a point of pride to say you have a Spanish imperial eagle on your land.\ Once down to 30 pairs, the species has rebounded to as many as three-hundred.
A Scavenger Hunt in D.C. for President Lincoln The city of Washington celebrates Lincoln's life and legacy this month and year-round with exhibitions, artifacts, souvenirs, a neoclassical memorial and even a restaurant. Where editors scout the sights.
Notes From Nicaragua Certainly the thought of zip-lining through the jungle was adding a dash of anxiety to my previously eaten breakfast. \I think I'm going to just read,\ I said. A Stephen King book on the porch was the kind of jungle thrill I was in the mood for.
The Best Hotels In The World, According To Lonely Planet Our friends over at Lonely Planet have put together their first annual best hotels in the world list, breaking the impossible
10 Things You Must Do During Your Next Trip to Belize Maybe your cruise ship docked for only a day in Belize. If so, book the next flight you can back to this breathtaking Central American country. Its 9,000 square miles has an abundance of adventures to offer and is often overlooked by travelers.
Japan's By-The-Hour 'Love Hotels' Are Basically Recession-Proof From rooms kitted out like medical clinics, where couples can play \doctors and nurses\, to grottos where it is permanently
Maui Local's Racist Rant Against Tourists Goes Viral (VIDEO) According to MAUIWatch\u2019s Facebook page, \(The dog) belonged to another group sitting at a third table. When the video taker
Silly Emails Over the course of a year, my staff answers thousands and thousands of emails. Our goal this year is to have our one-on-one
The 12 Most Scenic Islands in the World Islands are generally pretty gorgeous -- they are islands, after all. But the 12 that made it to the top of our reader ratings.
15 of America's Coolest Small Towns This year's 15 contenders -- which stretch from upstate New York to Hawaii -- have a few things in common
7 Things You Didn't Know You Could Do on a Cruise Gone are the days when the height of cruise entertainment was limited to poolside lounging and fancy evening soirees.
How to Survive a Plane Crash While you may think there's nothing you can do to live through one, many airplane accidents are survivable.
10 Places to Go While They Are Still Cheap Whether you're on the prowl for a perfect beach or a city bursting with culture, these cities and countries deliver big but cost little.
Ten Great Reasons to Visit Hartford, CT, Now With a new billion-dollar entertainment/hotel/residential/convention district, a new state of the art science museum, and multi-million dollar upgrades to attractions and hotels, Hartford might just be a new hot spot.
Vigeland Park Is The Bizzaro Sculptural Wonderland Of Your Dreams Craving more Vigeland craziness? Take a video journey inside the park! You can visit Vigeland Park for free, and then you
Famous Movie Locations in Rome Most of us gain our first impression of the world's great cities in cinema -- and our ideas of what these cities are like (and what to expect when we actually visit them) are forever influenced by what we see on that silver screen.
The Coolest Places On Earth To Read A Book 6. Tom's Bench, Los Angeles Tom's Bench was made famous by (and subsequently named after) Tom Hansen -- Joseph Gordon Levitt's
10 Best Hotels for the Perfect Babymoon With the growing trend of couples squeezing in one last trip before their child is born, more and more hotels are catering to soon-to-be parents with romantic vacation packages called \babymoons\...No matter where you choose to go, these top-tier resorts will have all your pre-baby getaway needs covered.
Hey Man, Why Are You Surfing on a River? Written by
Cold Days, Warm Nights at These Five Great American Ski Towns Great ski towns these days aren't just about great slopes. While that is of supreme importance when choosing a mountain to ride, it isn't all that matters when deciding on a ski getaway destination. A beautiful and quaint town, artisan boutiques, friendly locals and personalized lodging are just a few of our criteria.
10 Weirdest Theme Parks Around the World Perverted ladies and germs, Love Land is for you. Educational sex films screen throughout the park for arranged marriage
Rick Steves Drinking Game Would you add any others? Drink whenever I say these words
Most Loved Restaurants Whether it's the local pizzeria, the nine-course tasting menu at the nearest Michelin-starred spot, or maybe that sushi place where the fish is always ridiculously fresh and the service fast, most of us keep a mental list of the restaurants we love the most.
Batter Up! Take a Swing at Spring Training in Florida Florida invented spring training and hosted the first integrated baseball game. Here's an introduction to the Florida cities that take you out to the ballgames.
What to Do About a Disloyal Loyalty Program Airlines are going to do what they're going to do. Few will understand why, but many will be affected by the recent loyalty program revisions.
The New Ricksteves.com The redesigned Ricksteves.com has my name on it -- but it's yours, too. Our lively Travel Forum community is buzzing with
A New Website in 39 Seconds Thanks for all your kind and supportive comments about our new website. I'm glad it seems to be a hit. For my staff and me
Stellar Photos Of Beaches At Night Will Whisk You To An Instant Happy Place Krakal Beach, Indonesia You won't catch them with an unaided eye, but those star trails will appear if you can work a camera
The 'Naked City' Of Cap D'Agde, France's Naturist Resort Heaven The beautiful French Mediterranean resort town of Cap d'Agde isn't just any other Med resort. Au contraire. Oui, you can
Your Weekly Travel Zen This week's Moment of Travel Zen comes to us from Michele Herrmann. Her photo of love locks on a Charles Bridge gate is set
'Once In A Lifetime' Ice Caves Form On Lake Michigan Shore Video by George Meredith. Photo by Tom Auch. The Lake Michigan caves aren't quite as remote or far north, though the Leelanau
Go Somewhere That's NOT On Your Bucket List Whatever the reason may be that a city, country, or region of the world didn't make your bucket list, throw it away if the opportunity arises to go there. Don't just see the sights you think you should see and go the places you think you should go.
The Most Mystical Cave In The World Sits Pretty In Thailand It's an easy day trip from Hua Hin, a coastal resort town about 24 miles to the north. Close up of the pavilion Oh, nbd, here's
Ireland Visiting Ireland can be either a high-end or budget experience, and I decided to combine the two for a wonderfully innovative journey to reconnect with my Irish roots. Ireland presents delightful possibilities for a variety of travel styles.
Weather Shouldn't Ground Airline Call Centers At the mercy of the airlines, there is little customers can do but ride it out, literally. Directing passengers to websites to monitor travel alerts is not good enough when Grandma is stuck somewhere, completely outside of her element and ill-equipped to navigate the intricacies of air travel.
VD and Love Secrets, Italia Style My first memory of the sham known in America as Valentine's Day goes back to Miss Malub's 3rd grade class at St. Joseph's school in Downers Grove, IL.  She'd told us to bring in construction paper and stickers from home that day, but I'd forgotten mine.
Omg! Ratatouille Is Coming to Paris The breaking news this week is that Disneyland-Paris will be opening a new area in its park this summer, a Ratatouille-land of sort. \Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!\ The rats are saying (hopefully they won't be coming).
The River Thames Could Become A Giant Swimming Pool British architecture firm Studio Octopi released designs this week for public swimming areas in the London river. The designs
The Jet Setter's Valentine's Day Wish List Thinking back on my own V-Day wish lists over the years, I never really wanted anything extravagant -- flowers were usually enough. But in the spirit of my rapidly-growing travel calendar, I've whipped up a jet setter's Valentine's Day wish list that ranges from sweet to spectacular.
The Great American Road Trip It helped that I was also an avid hitchhiker and knew the poetry of the road. For an entire summer I hitched a ride to and
Desolated Decadence Tired of overcrowded beach holidays and of the hustle and bustle of urban escapes? To really get away from it all, it might be time to journey into the earth's most formidable deserts.
Where You Should Travel Based On Your Astrological Sign Leo
Riviera Nayarit Named Top Destination in \Where to Travel in 2014\ by Arthur Frommer It was that one day of filming at Grand Central Station in New York City that changed my life forever as a travel aficionado and propelled me into my life long profession as a travel entrepreneur.
Hello, Dali! Spain's Bad Boy Is Back What's old and new is the enigmatic Spanish painter Salvador Dali (1904-1989), who made the sorry mistake of being born before his time.
Florida Ice Skating \I'll only do it if you do it,\ said Drew, the 13-year-old. I had not anticipated this. So we all laced up and hit the ice
The New Ricksteves.com Our redesigned Ricksteves.com website is packed with my favorite travel tips. Packing light, transportation, money, eating
The New Ricksteves.com Now you don't need to wade through the clutter of YouTube or Hulu to watch my TV shows online. The freshly redesigned Ricksteves.com
The New Ricksteves.com My new website lets you stream any of my radio shows on demand. No more messing with iTunes (unless you want to). And the
Share Your Affection for the River City With the Louisville Love App \We're hoping that this app, in some ways, encourages people to think about their surroundings more,\ explains\u00a0Forest Giant's
Myths and Truths Paris and Venice are arguably the most romantic cities in the world. But are they?
CuisinArt Golf Resort and Spa How can you not fall in love with a country whose flag features three frolicking dolphins?
You Think You Have It Bad? Here's One Of The Snowiest Places On Earth On the northern part of the main island of Honshu sits the city of Aomori. Head a bit south and you get to Sukayu Onsen, a
14 Things We Love About Italy Italy is a top travel destination for cyclists for good reason
Historic Hotspots for Presidents Day Weekend What better way to combine history and romance just in time for Valentine's Day and the long Presidents Day weekend than by outlining my favorite historical hotspots perfect for a family day trip or a romantic getaway?
5 Presidential Love Nests for Valentine's/Presidents' Day Weekend Whether they are treating the First Lady (or their other lady loves) to a relaxing vacation, or pining for their loved one from a hotel suite for one, these presidents sure know a thing or two about l'amour.
U.S. Route 6 Goes Cross-Country? Behind the Scenes of a Cross Country Odyssey I got back to everyone. Yes, I'll meet you. Of course, I'm excited to see what your town has to offer. The upcoming cross
Visiting Champagne to Celebrate 50 Years I wanted a great day out of Paris, where we could all be together, where we could celebrate. And so we took, not surprisingly, a tour of a champagne vintner. What else symbolizes good times, great moments, as well as champagne?
Wonder Where the World's Leaders Vacation? You might be going on vacation this Presidents Day weekend, but not the kinds of vacations that President Obama, Prince Charles, and other world leaders take.
The Other Rivieras Of Europe You Should Care About The Italian Riviera aka the Ligurian Riviera Everyone knows about this place
14 Breathtaking Places You Probably Didn't Know Existed 6. Namaqualand Normally arid, Namaqualand becomes populated with wildflowers during early spring. The rainbow of blooms is
7 Things Americans Can Learn From Londoners Here are seven things worth thinking about on this side of the Atlantic. 5. Be wheelchair accessible. London's public transport
Valentine's Day in London With Valentine's Day approaching, you may be looking for London's unusual, unique or downright luxurious ways to mark the event with your significant other. Here are six of our favorites.
Love Letters You are my backyard. I wake up to you every morning. I don't have to drive or take a plane to wake up to the majesty of your mountains, the wonders of your blue skies or the clean air that I breath. You are my breath of fresh air every morning.
Bizarre and Beautiful From invisible geckos and colorful chameleons to strange primates and otherworldly insects, here are a few amazing creatures that you may see while visiting what is arguably the most unique country in the world.
A Few Days in Manly, Sydney Manly, one of the wealthy suburbs surrounding Sydney, is packed with enough top-notch dining, drinking, and surfer-style shopping options to put a serious dent in any wallet. But that's not stopping anyone from flocking to the seaside hamlet.
A Ski Town for Everyone Whether you're a first-timer, speed seeker or junior ripper, we know the North American slopes and ski scenes to suit you.
OTP's Guide to Getting Laid in Italy Italy's a country of aphrodisiacs; Casanova himself got juiced on dark chocolate before bedding his conquests. Whatever you're inhaling -- be it truffles, Calabrian chilies, Chianti, oysters or salami -- chances are, it'll prime you for lovin'.
The New Ricksteves.com My website has been entirely redesigned to make it an even better place to prepare for your next trip. Today, check out my
Soar at Sweden's Sublime Treehotel The concept of Treehotel was inspired by the 2008 film \The Tree Lover\ by Jonas Selberg. Treehotel is built on the similar ideal that people can unwind through a return to nature.
10 Photos That Will Make You Wonder Why Nobody's In Greenland Greenland is impeccably difficult to get to-- basically, your choices include taking a plane from Canada, Denmark or Iceland
6 Places Every Beatles Fan Should Visit If you're a die-hard Beatles fan or just becoming aware of the musical genius that is the Beatles, we've got six places every Beatles fan should visit, whether you're planning a trip to London, a pilgrimage to Liverpool, or happen to be in the New York City area.
It's Just So Messy... It really is a mess here... so I am constantly wondering why I (who 'normally' can only stand messes of my own making!) love it so much... let me count (some of) the ways...
Finding Adventure (and Food) in Southern Florida There is no shortage of white sand covering these expansive shores -- and trust me after gazing at the pearly shoreline and crystal-blue Ocean, you will be compelled to dive right in.
72 Hours at The Schooler House B&B in Fredericksburg Historic Fredericksburg, Virginia is a slice of southern Americana 50 miles SW of Washington D.C. With a location exactly halfway between Richmond and the Capital, it's a little secret waiting to be discovered.
These Famous Sights Look REALLY Different From New Points Of View The Alamo You had no idea what the back of the Alamo looked like? Yea, neither did we. The Taj Mahal The famous view of this
Your Next Exotic Destination You Had No Idea About The city of Sochi in Russia is in the news still for the next two weeks, and many reports have created the impression that the city by the sea is the last place on Earth one would want to be. But Sochi might very well be on your bucket list of places to see before you die. Here is why.
Sch\u00f6neberg\u2010Mitte\u2010Kreuzberg In high school, we only saw a spotlight, playing characters on stage or out in parking lots. And now, the silly way Amador
New Travel Trend A new trend in travel and spa is family spa-ing together. Spas have traditionally been for grown-ups, but now there is an increasing demand for parents to bring their children along for the spa adventure.
Lovelorn and Lonely On Valentine's Day in Tokyo? The City Has Love Shrines That Can Change That Dai Jingu. This crowded, happy little Shinto shrine a short walk from the busy center of Asakusa is crazy for cats
Vacationing With Moses, John the Baptist, Christopher Columbus, Captain Bligh and Nelson Eddy Exploring a Greek island, a Mexican colonial town, a biblical site or wherever can be a lot more fun if you put yourself in the sandals, boots and shoes of the historical superstars of those places.
Travel Tips You finally purchased your plane ticket, you are already daydreaming about the pi\u00f1a colada that will soon be in your hand and then -- life gets in the way.
Eat, Drink, Shush! Though I'm not for expelling children from decidedly mature European playgrounds, I am in favor of kid-free dining. What is one family's easily ignorable background chatter (ie
Human Locomotion Theatre in Prague If you are a lover of modern dance and multimedia theater you should add this show to your list to try and catch.
Worst Romantic Hotel Fails (PHOTOS) We at T+L have decided enough's enough. At the risk of sounding like spoilsports, from surprise-and-delight stalkery to turndown jazz, we've rounded up supposedly romantic traditions that beg for reconsidering.
You Can Never Look At Too Many Photos Of Paris We do our fair share of lovin' (and hatin') on Paris, but after stumbling upon these recent photos, we couldn't help but
The True Cost Of Transporting A $25 Checked Bag Is About $2, Analysis Finds When airlines began charging for checked bags in 2008, they blamed the high cost of jet fuel for the move. But how much does
Japan Takes Valentine's Day Very, Very Seriously Seriously, there's a patissier on hand to serve guests the chocolate and to, it seems, stew it around a bit. The Hakone Yunessun
From 'Pass the Bacon' to 'Airport Mary' For additional travel experiences see www.looneyfront.blogspot.com It's now gone 11. I leave AB and His Excellency sloshed
Montezuma's Other Revenge I'd fallen asleep on a pool chaise the day before, with my chin resting on my hands. I figured it was a heat rash. I'd never seen a heat rash rage like this, though.
11 Caribbean Beaches You Should See Before You Die Long Bay, Tortola Good surf, good walking, what's not to like? Playa Flamenco, Culebra Playa Flamenco, on the laid-back island
Wrangling Words Renowned as host of the annual Cowboy Poetry Gathering, Elko, Nevada, is a former railroad byway that has transformed itself into a \can do\ town of casinos, covered wagons, Basque heritage, and Western verse.
The 10 Places on My Bucket List This Year (It Will Surprise You) No, I haven't been everywhere, and some places I don't go to because I'm a conscientious objector (Zimbabwe, anyone?) but I can still dream. And plan. Because dictators, xenophobia and being broke wont last forever!
5 Secrets To Having a Smarter -- and Happier -- Trip Money can destroy your trip, but not necessarily for the reason you think. Sure, travelers are broadsided with all kinds of unexpected bills, but often the wound is self-inflicted when it comes to the cold, hard cash they part with. They simply can't click the \buy\ button and let it go.
10 Best Beach Towns in Florida The Sunshine State has a beach town for every sun-seeking traveler. Wander along boardwalks, pop into quaint galleries and boutiques, then plunk down a chair and soak up the rays in our 10 favorite Florida beach towns.
World's Most Overpriced Travel Destinations Think of your vacation budget. Now add a few zeros. Excellent, now you're ready for the world's most overpriced travel destinations, places with tremendous appeal and intimidating price tags. But here's the good news
This Timelapse of Arches and Canyonlands National Parks Is Insanely Rad With its towering sandstone arches, out-of-this-world views, and miles of rugged landscape, Arches and Canyonlands are like no other places on Earth. But when the sun goes down, that's when the real show starts.
Why The F*ck Aren't You In Koh Rong? The islands of Thailand are notorious for their hoards of tourists that think they're visiting something \exotic\ along the beaten pancake trail. Ready to really get off the been-there-done-that, Full Moon Party track and claim you were there then?
Prague Wows With a Cornucopia of Stunning 20th-Century Architecture and Design Gems It's impossible to nail down my favorite parts of Prague in one post, so I thought I'd focus on my favorite examples of architecture and design in the city
Your Weekly Travel Zen This week's Moment of Travel Zen comes to us from Lydia C. Lee. Her photo of Mossman Gorge in Australia's Daintree Rainforest
You Can Sleep In An Abandoned Ocean Fortress On The Island Of Berlenga Grande You'll find it in the Berlengas archipelago, which is a string of islands about seven miles off the coast of Portugal. The
This Is Exactly How Spring Break Evolves Throughout Your Life AGES
Scotland Really Is A Place To Love, Here Are Some Reasons Why 11. Scots have some of the best spirit in the world. 12. Hogmanay is the greatest New Year's celebration ever. The celebrations
The 8 Most Important Years in the History of the Mile High Club Meet Lawrence Burst (now that's a middle name) Sperry, the inventor of the autopilot. 1978 - The Airline Deregulation Act
Going-to-the-Sun Road Drivelapse Is 30 Seconds of Pure Scenic Bliss For nearly three decades, workers toiled away at the creation of Going-to-the-Sun road, an engineering marvel that spans fifty miles of Glacier National Park's most beautiful twists and turns.
How to Survive the Great Indian Chaos It is important to remember that there is a lot more to India than the craziness one experiences, if one has the desire and the patience to look for it.
Discount Airlines Get Fewer Complaints, But It's Not Because They Have Better Service Airline passengers complain dramatically more about large airlines than they do about discounters, even when the actual quality
15 Best Beaches for 2014 No matter what your definition of the perfect beach vacation, you're sure to find inspiration on our list of the 15 best beaches to explore in 2014.
14 Places In France That Aren't Paris 11. Loire Valley Vineyards, orchards, historic towns and eye-catching architecture are hallmarks of the Loire Valley. Go
21 Things to Pack for a Trip to a Developing Country If you're destined for a place where it's easier to buy a goat than a bottle of Purell, or where the locals think that \Samsonite\ is the name of an American airline, find space next to your swimsuit for these essentials.
New Tech Tools for Travel When planning a trip across India, expect to be shocked by the number of ways you can go from point A to point B. Here we present four hot companies that are striving to solve the problem of complicated travel routes.
Feel the Love in Philly From art to cinema, and from spas to breweries, this is how to feel the love in Philadelphia.
19 Signs You Really Need Some Sunshine In Your Life 16. And clinging desperately to the slightest hint of it
12 Tips on How to Spend 6 Months in France Without Going Broke Living in France still meant scaling back some plans. But, so far we're living within our means, and not feeling the least bit deprived.
Opera Tavern and The Ape & Bird in London We certainly never imagined that it would be such a harmonious concoction with such appealing contrasts of flavor and texture.
Belmont There have been art history majors who have visited Gari Melchers 18th century home and studio, who have admittedly never heard of him. For an artist whose paintings are in museum collections worldwide, it's hard to believe Melchers isn't a household name.
The 10 Best Chinatowns In The Entire World Toronto, Canada You\u2019ve got your street-side trinket vendors and your open-air food stalls... but then you\u2019ve got the sweet
The Unbeatable Views At Uruguay's Casapueblo Hotel Will Make You Want To Move In One of Uruguay's biggest tourist draws sits 20 minutes from Punta del Este, a huge draw in its own right thanks to its stunning
How to Make the Most of a Lake Placid Weekend Getaway Catch an Olympic buzz without going to Sochi with a Lake Placid winter adventure. It offers a smorgasbord of snow-capped activities and a fabulous recreational foundation, thanks to twice hosting the Winter Olympics.
The Sunniest Spots In The World Sure, rain can be cozy and comforting, especially when you expect it (here's looking at you, Seattle). But what if you want
The Ultimate Guide to Travel Apps and Websites The paramount of practical, problem-solving mobile apps and websites to simplify your travel queries.
Can Smartphone Applications Take the Stress Out of Touring Alone? Can smartphone applications take the stress out of touring alone? Or will it take out the fun?  And the discovery?
6 of U.K.'s Most Remote Tourist Destinations Rugged and windswept, the Outer Hebrides off the west coast of Scotland are among the most isolated and mysterious places in the U.K.
8 Mistakes That Will Ruin Your Weekend Getaway Escaping for a long weekend can be the best, right? But these tragic -- and totally avoidable! -- blunders can turn your quick getaway into \get me outta here!\
The World's Ultimate 'Ski-cations' From world-famous celeb magnets to quirky and humble haunts, here is our list of the world's top spots for skiing and snowboarding escapes.
Inside the Forgotten 'Ghost Stations' of Subterranean Paris (Image courtesy of Gonioul. Article by Holiday Lettings) Centuries of social and political development have seen Paris emerge
Love Letters It's true you've changed over the years, although people hear your name and still think you're as plain as the potatoes that used to cover your fields. They stereotype you for being the first planned suburb. I know you're more than that.
Morocco, a Chaotic Paradise (Part II) We haggled our way through the Souks, defied gravity on our way up mountain peaks and toured the beauty of the palaces throughout our four-day stay in Marrakech.
The 13 Weirdest Things in the SkyMall Catalogue Shortly after takeoff, something happens. I can't help eyeballing the SkyMall catalogue in front of me. I dog-ear my New Yorker, open the catalogue with a sigh of defeat and cave to the sick pleasure of wondering who really buys all that sh*t.
Kyrgyzstan Despite having grown up in chilly Maine, I don't think I've ever experienced the kind of cold that is January in Kyrgyzstan.
11 Small Towns Around America That Have Interesting Claims To Fame Bentonville, Arkansas
6 Mesmerizing Waterfall Gifs You Can't Stop Watching Ban Gioc \u2013 Detian Falls on the border of China and Vietnam Kaieteur Falls, Guyana Waterfalls and rapids in Washington Frozen
7 Love-Themed Statues Around The World 4. \Eros,\ Picadilly Circus, London Eros is the Greek god of love and he's basically the mascot of Valentine's Day. In Roman
Why This Traveler Will Never Set Foot in Sochi Things are said to be so bad in Sochi, the city's given the go-ahead to kill stray dogs ahead of the Olympics because they pose a threat.
Of Towers and Turrets We have four children, three of them boys, so there is nothing I love more than to release them in a castle ruin where they can run free and engage in imaginary battles.
5 Unforgettable Carmel Check-ins Those people who still consider Carmel just a place for the 55+ crowd, think again. In just the span of a few short years
24 Travel Truisms and Paradoxes 1. You either have time to travel but no money; or money to travel but no time. (I hated this one when I was young, and still do today.)
Is the 'Smoketel' the Strangest Travel Idea Yet? Poor cigarette smokers. As nonsmoking spaces become the norm in the U.S. and around the world, it must be hard for them to find hotel rooms where they're allowed to light up.
5 Things You Should Never Wear in the Caribbean Before you close that carry-on, make sure your luggage isn't harboring one of these fashion criminals.
Why L.A. Is Better Than New York, Courtesy Of Moby | The Informer | Los Angeles | Los Angeles News And Events | LA Weekly We didn't host the Super Bowl. We don't even have an NFL team. The Tonight Show is leaving for New York. And The New York
9 Romantic Resorts Fit for Celeb Couples From Gwyneth Paltrow's secret wedding spot to a private island resort perfect for Brad and Angelina, herein are nine fairy-tale destinations made for lovin'.
The Best Way to Visit the Smithsonian in D.C. The world's largest museum complex, it's also the most-visited, welcoming tens of millions of guests per year. Here are a few tips to help navigate your way through the marble halls of the Smithsonian.
12 Sochi Olympics Facts to Impress Your Friends The Olympics is now an out-of-this-world occurrence, too. For the first time, the Olympic torch has traveled out of the Earth's orbit, onto the International Space Station, and into the vacuum of space. (Unlit, of course.)
The Furthest Place On Earth From Wherever You're Located Do you ever just want to get away? How about far away? How about as far away as possible? If You Live In New York City, Escape
Ireland's First Dark Sky Reserve Is A Star Hunter's Paradise Photo courtesy of petercox.ie. Got any more out-of-this-world stargazing pictures from Ireland? Send them our way! Kerry
Botanical Travels When I chatted with Belgian floral artist Francoise Weeks, the 62-year-old botanical extraordinaire had just returned home from teaching a two-day floral design conference in CA. Now with most of her time dedicated to conducting workshops on the road, Weeks has just two weddings planned for this year.
High in Hawaii We met our pilot, Kevin, at Tropical Biplanes at Lihue airport on the Garden Isle of Kaua'i. He gave us a quick safety briefing
5 Reasons Why You Should Travel Thailand in Time of Crisis The ongoing anti-government demonstrations in Bangkok have made many change their travel plans to Thailand at the last moment. But life in most other parts of the Thai capital remains open to travelers.
Snow Safari Polar bears are everywhere. Everywhere, that is, but where they should be
A Butterfly Cure For The Winter Blues (a.k.a. Bite Me, Polar Vortex) (PHOTOS) For me it's a delightful afternoon escape -- with lots of photographic opportunities -- from the winter blues. It's as if you've been transported to Costa Rica.
On Seeing Greenland Somewhere near the back of a very large airplane, I had a window seat, flying from Amsterdam to Minneapolis. We had finished the first meal, the second glass of wine. Most of the seatback video screens glowed a new movie.
36 Reasons Seattle Not Only Won The Super Bowl, But Also Wins At Life 4. The rest of the country drives cars. Seattleites commute on ferries. ...which, of course, got their names changed to Seahawks
In St. Lucia, Giving Winter the Cold Shoulder Did someone say St. Lucia? I'm thinking of that time not so long ago (actually only a few weeks) when I found myself languishing in sunshine as airports around the country were canceling flights, thwarting everyone's plans to escape the deep freeze. I was one of the lucky ones.
Everyone Lies a Little When They Travel Half-truths, or lying by omission, are an epidemic in American business, and particularly in travel. And it's infectious. Customers also occasionally leave out important details to bolster their case, and so do the people covering the industry.
Epic Pictures Of Bolivia's Salt Flats Prove It's A Photographer's Wonderland Travelers flock to South America by the planeloads to visit Salar de Uyuni, and it's no mystery why. Below, find out what
When Traveling, Don't Forget About the 'Whoops Money' The bottom line is, no matter how much you prepare for your trip, there will always be whoopses. In a way, our 'whoops' moments made for the funniest parts of our trip. Instead of feeling angry towards them, learn to embrace the whoops.
China's Huangshan Mountain Has The Craziest Steps Ever Yes, those little dots are people climbing the Western Steps, which take about 5 to 6 hours to complete. The steps, of which
Joshua Tree Shown Surreal In Mesmerizing Time-Lapse (VIDEO) Whether you've had the opportunity to visit California's legendary Joshua Tree National Park before or not, you've never
Slideshow U.S. News' travel editors analyzed a wide range of resources, including evaluations from travelers and experts, price class ratings and health ratings to compile the Best Cruises 2014 rankings.
Places You Never Thought You Could Afford in the Caribbean Cheaphotels.org recently released a survey naming the Caribbean's most expensive destinations (based on the average price of the cheapest available double hotel room). And while such a designation might scare off some, these islands are simply too fabulous to pass up.
10 Beach Dangers Everyone Should Watch Out For The luster of a beautiful beach -- vivid blue water, cloudless skies, warm sand -- belies the innate perils of the shore. Here are 10 common dangers of which you should be aware before your next trip to the seashore.
Acqua Alta Is Back In Venice And It's As Pretty As Ever People just chillin' in the cold and the rain. Acqua Alta in its previous iterations
7 Reasons To Give New Jersey A Chance 1. Cute little towns. With shows like \Jersey Shore,\ \The Real Housewives of New Jersey\ and \The Sopranos,\ there are some
Well Isn't Zalipie Just The Sweetest Little Town You Ever Did See Told ya There's some really intricate work going on... An oldie but a goodie CORRECTION
16 Dogs Who Get To Travel More Than You It's a sad, sad thing when a dog has been to more exotic countries than you have. 13. Some dogs explore the Aran Islands
The Loneliness of the Long-Distance Author When it comes to being a traveling author, it helps that I did so much theater in college, and that I've taught for many years as well. I generally feel comfortable as a performer of my own work -- and my own life. And yet there's always a trace of sadness on the road, too.
Why Squeezing the 'Meridians of Adventure' Can Make You a Smarter Traveler Bangs is a role model for the rest of us, and not just because of his impressive credentials. 'Embrace the unknown,' he advises. 'Take risks. Don't be afraid of the dark. Get off the beaten path. Allow some terror in your travels.'
8 Places That Will Be Totally Empty During The Super Bowl Don't worry, non-football fans-- there is still a place for you in America on game day. \Totally empty\ may be a loose term
Your Weekly Travel Zen This week's Moment of Travel Zen comes to us from Caley Weyman. Her photo of wooly camels in Mongolia's Gobi Desert shows
The Window Seat Cross-country flights always incite a sense of awe in me at our ability to get in a plane and fly across America, rather
Legal Weed Causing Sky-High Travel Demand To Denver \The origins that had the biggest increases cluster are in the Midwest and the South -- places like Minneapolis, Indianapolis
10 Reasons To Visit Napa This Winter Dormant vines and an ongoing drought rendered the Napa Valley countryside a bleak brown as winter 2014 dawned, but with new ventures sprouting up all over Napa, the wine region's largest city, the mood downtown has been perky--almost springlike.
The 7 Most Secret Nude Beaches In Europe ITALY Spiaggia di Guvano, Cinque Terre You can hike Italy's Cinque Terre like everyone else... or you can escape the flood
Myanmar's Ngwe Saung Beach Hotels Sit Empty, Even Though They're Brand-New It's also not far from Shwedgaon Paya, the oldest (and might we say prettiest) Buddhist pagoda in the world. And the local
A Special Seahawks Plane Flew All Over Washington, Because That's How Seattle Rolls If the Super Bowl were won in the air, the Seahawks would already be champions. You can't actually ride in the plane-- Boeing
Top 10 Beaches in Hawaii Hugging the coasts of the Hawaiian Islands, these beaches feature black, white, golden, and even green sand, as well as clear waters ideal for snorkeling, surfing, and swimming.
I love cookies I love cookies. I love cookies. I love cookies. I love cookies. I love cookies. I love cookies. I love cookies. I love cookies
So You've Booked Your Flight To South America, Now What? Less than a month out... Add your destination to the weather app on your phone. Periodically check the weather so you can
10 Caribbean Adventures in the U.S. Virgin Islands For a moment, I'll leave chilly NYC behind, and get lost in the sunny memories of my first visit to the Virgin Islands.
How to Catch an Airline Pricing Glitch Although pure, unadulterated luck certainly plays a factor, there are other ways to increase your chances of becoming one of the \chosen ones.\
Six Most Romantic Hotels in Paris It's arguably the most romantic city in the world, but where do you stay if you want a truly seductive experience of Paris? Here's my personal pick of the six best hotels for couples in love.
Isola Tiberina Is Adorably Tiny, Old & Roman The island was covered in marble by the Romans back in the day to make it look like the ship; you can still see the prow
10 Things to Do Instead of Watching the Super Bowl We look forward to the day of the big game to catch up on other things or take advantage of the sparse crowds out there. Here are a few tips for non-football fans this Sunday.
5 Places to Find Your Zen in San Francisco When traveling in a fast-paced metropolis, a moment of respite in a quiet place is a luxury to relish. In San Francisco, peaceful havens cater to that need, providing an escape. Here's where to go to relax, renew and recenter.
Don't Date a Guy Who Doesn't Travel Don't date a boy who doesn't travel. He's trapped in the safety of his routine habits. He doesn't like to try new restaurants or order something he doesn't know he already likes on the menu. He shuts down when you try to mix things up.
Don't Panic! Here Are 5 Things You Can Do When It Rains On Your Vacation Your moment is finally here. You've been saving money all year, carefully planned out your beach reads and swimsuit purchases
7 Great Caribbean Dishes Jamaica Bake, ready to be stuffed with chicken. Photo by RJ Lerich / Shutterstock 5. Jerk Chicken 3. Bake Think of this as
LOOK THAILAND Costumed kiddies came out to play in Bangkok's Chinatown on Friday, while the rest of the city remains tense with
America's Most Romantic Towns (PHOTOS) Whether you're aiming to stoke the fires of a long-smoldering interest or spend some quality time bonding with your boo, read on to discover the best towns for romance.
8 Places You'd Like To Be Taking A Nap In Right Now Curl up on one of these comfy little lounge chairs. Seems impossible not to drift off to sleepyland on one of these. This
Travel Apps Cheat Sheet Unless you are a supermodel, chances are you'll travel to destinations beyond New York, LA, London and Milan. Yet most travel apps focus only on mega-metropolises. But what if you are like the rest of us who have meetings in Madison, weddings in Wichita and family in Fayetteville?
Phu Quoc The hotel's brochure lists activities to do on the island, like \snorkeling, reef diving, waterfalls, hiking in virgin forests, shopping at the market...\ at the very bottom of the list, on the back page is \Coconut Tree Prison.\
Bahn Voyage! Through Germany by Train As America's road system reached every corner of the continent, passenger trains went out of style. But it didn't happen in Germany, then or now.
Restaurants for Vegans Cooking without meat, dairy or other animal products (even honey, in some cases) requires an entirely new kind of culinary creativity, which has brought a new breed of fearless yet elegant meatless eateries to the fore.
20 Ultimate Winter Destinations Gogobot users named their favorite winter destinations in the 2014 Travelers' Favorites Awards, lauding ski resorts like Whistler as much as hot-and-heavy cities like Rio de Janeiro. Read on for more inspiring, surprising ideas that will get you ready to book your next adventure.
27 Reminders Why Brazil Is On Everyone's Bucket List 24. Praia da Pipa, Rio Grande do Norte 5. Campos do Jord\u00e3o, S\u00e3o Paulo You never get tired of batting your eyes at gorgeous
Exploring the Uniqueness of Namibia For those willing to get off the beaten path, Namibia is a traveler's paradise with unlimited potential to explore.
10 Fun-filled Friends' Getaways Valentine's Day isn't going anywhere, so we singletons (and it's complicated-tons) might as well go somewhere. During the flurry of February 14th is an ideal time to skip town and indulge in some unadulterated fun sans romantic pressure.
The 42 Biggest Travel Don'ts In our never-ending quest to not be that traveler when we go abroad, we're always looking for hacks to make sure we're tipping
America's Most Romantic Cities 15. Sedona, Arizona 1. Austin, Texas 5. Honolulu, Hawaii 19. Lahaina, Hawaii 11. Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts It's nearly
Morocco Hits All the Right Notes for Travelers What I enjoy most about Morocco is that it comes with few of the pre-conceived notions we have about more familiar destinations. Here, it's easy to get lost in \ufb02avors, textures and moments so unexpected that they give you pause. What's more exotic -- and memorable -- than a vacation like that?
8 Free/Nearly Free Things to Do in Aspen Most people think Aspen is another expensive ski town. I went two weeks ago with my son for his 13th birthday, and I was amazed of all the free/nearly free awesome things to do. Here are my top eight picks.
Ostankino Tower Is The Tallest Freestanding Structure In Europe, And It's In... Russia? The tour of Ostankino costs about $25, takes one hour, and lets you linger atop the giant TV tower that broadcasts to dozens
5 Storied Isles of the South Pacific We pass Tem Binoka's tomb under the palms near the shore. It's in a bit of a shambles. It used to have a roof, which collapsed
6 City Escapes To Calm Your Mind This Winter If you live in
Love Letters No matter what, day in day out, you're a love that sticks in the hearts of everyone you touch. Sure people can move about from one side of you to another, but there are only rumors of people who left you for another man or woman.
Valentine's Day Travel Tips for the Lover in All Of Us Temporarily in between major, life-affirming love affairs? We've been there -- and there's lots to recommend it.
5 Places to Catch Olympic Fever With the Winter Olympics in Sochi fast approaching, now is the perfect time to plan a family getaway to a former Olympic host city right here in North America.
7 Things Not to Miss in Hong Kong Hong Kong is the world's most vertical city, with two hundred and ninety-three buildings higher than five hundred feet -- sixty more than second-place New York City.
Disconnect From the Internet in the Sri Lankan Jungle This is the highlight of Ulpotha, for me
The Craziest Market in the World Then I went to the Death Market. It's not all gross gore -- I did find one living thing in the Witchdoctor market... Penny
Awesome and Artful Vintage Olympic Posters There are a lot of advertisements out there for the Sochi Olympics right now, but these vintage travel posters are the ones we prefer.
Tradition, Bicultural Identity and Chinese New Year This time last year I traveled to Taiwan from California to celebrate Chinese New Year with my 90-year-old grandmother. Born and raised in the United States, it was the first time in my 30-plus years that I'd experienced the holiday in Asia.
Honduras Honduras is like the monkey who locked up the zookeeper. This little tropical realm has put away the constrained thinking that keeps others stuck in unproductive routines, and allowed its wildness to escape the margins.
Not Cooking Off the Cuff We've been away (London and Munich) for thirteen days as I write this, so I'm going to list one standout taste from each.
India Fed and rested we were ready for something big. The next day came the game changer. We had scheduled something that we thought
How to Ski Breckenridge I chose Colorado because I wanted good snow in December, and there aren't that many places you can be sure to get it. In California, December snow is inconsistent
From Tasmanian Devils to Komodo Dragons It has very powerful jaws with menacing teeth, and it's not a great idea to get your hand sandwiched between them. You back
Top 5 Boutique Hotels in the World UNITED KINGDOM London The Soho Hotel GAYOT's Top Ten Boutique Hotels in the world are intimate, comfortable and often eccentric
Tasting the Wine From the Wheels of a Bike in Sonoma Don't ask me how, but the more wine I had, the more furious I pedaled until by the end of our 20 mile tour of the vineyards of Healdsburg, California, I think I burned off all the calories consumed.
4 New Cruise Ships Sailing in 2014 Now that the holidays are over, it\u2019s time to start planning our 2014 vacations. If sailing on a brand new cruise ship on
20 Reasons London ALWAYS Wins 2. As a London tourist without a phone, you can make your calls from an adorable vintage box. In Paris, it's phone booths
In St. Mortiz, a Five-star Resort Sets the Stage for Winter Sports and Relaxation My recent trip this month found St. Moritz in a bit of a slowdown after the jam-packed weeks of Christmas and New Year's, but the snow fell heavily and dutifully while I was there to give this charming little town an ermine luster, all within view of the glorious Alps across the lake.
Bokor Hill Station Is An Eerie Abandoned Resort You Have To See (PHOTOS) The abandoned Cambodian resort town has a dark past that matches its eerie current state. Commissioned by French colonists
10 Old Olympic Venues You Can Still Visit So, you didn't get a ticket to Sochi this winter. Not to worry, sports fans
The Only Yoga Retreats Worth Visiting, According to Expert Yogis No matter where you choose, book any of these yoga retreats and you'll come back feeling zen, tan, and uh, bendy.
The Surreal Apostle Islands Ice Caves May Only Be Visitable For Another Few Weeks The sea caves near Wisconsin's Apostle Islands are always reachable in the summertime. During warm months, you can easily
Best Hotels in Canada 2014 You'll find 10 properties that represent the cr\u00e8me de la cr\u00e8me of Canadian hospitality. While each hotel maintains a unique style, they all hold a prominent spot on our 2014 list of the Best Hotels in Canada thanks to their upscale amenities, inspiring settings and superlative service.
Best Hotels in the Caribbean 2014 When contemplating a Caribbean getaway, visions of aquamarine waves crashing against a honey-hued shoreline surely come to mind. What might not be as easy to imagine is where to bed down.
America's Best Food Truck Cities With the food truck trend continuing to grow, it's safe to say some of America's best grub now comes on wheels.
Best Hotels in Mexico 2014 One thing is for certain
6 'Tourist Traps' Worth a Visit Some spots have earned their bad reputation by charging high fees for underwhelming, overcrowded attractions. But others have cemented their status as beloved attractions, either by reinventing themselves or staying exactly the way you remember them from your childhood.
It's Still Fun in the Philippines The Philippines remains open for business and tourists, and you can do your part to help aid the recovery efforts by visiting this country and discovering its surreal beauty for yourself. Can you think of a more stunning and deserving place to spend your tourist dollars?
Travels with Journey and Friends Courtesy ONJ for LuxEcoLiving What's a dog to do without his \cajones.\ Chase birds? It was a special return visit to one
Brasilia Costa's layout of the city divides its neighborhoods based on the functions of their buildings.  For example, most of the hotels are located in the hotel sector, which is separate from the residential and commercial sectors.
Cooking Cous Cous in Fez The sad and suspicious eyes of a decapitated sheep followed us past the fishmonger's stall and back to the kitchen. \We'll
50 Incredible Travel Destinations to Consider for 2014 No, we don't propose that you visit all 50 in a year -- although, hey, that's an admirable goal -- merely that you take these places into consideration when planning your 2014 travels.
Finding Love in a Ski Resort Do you go for the one with the large... acreage... or do you opt for the one that everyone else has already dated? It's a difficult dance, one that takes years to master.
Craft Beers and Craft Skis The Beer
Go Inside North Korea With New Street View-Style Photos The contrast between grim expectations and what he actually observed -- not to mention the brand-new tour car and top-notch
Ireland's Dark Hedges Is The Most Mystifyingly Cool Road Ever The trees, planted by the Stuart family in the 18th century to dress up the road towards their manor, sit intertwined, creating
As the Sun Sets Hopping from country to country, wherever my work takes me, can be exhausting and exhilarating. Each city has its own personality
Eight Things You Should Do Before Anything Else in Your Hotel Room All you want to do is kick off your shoes and relax when you arrive in your hotel room. But before you flop down on the bed, make time to do these eight simple things before anything else. Your health and safety may depend on it.
For Your Daydreaming Pleasure All of these spa hotels and resorts are highly rated by our readers -- and all offer transporting natural surroundings to make your stay feel like a true escape.
10 Travel Mistakes That Will Ruin Your Life From contracting parasites and bedbugs to illegally crossing a border or racking up exorbitant cellular fees, these 10 travel errors could have serious health or financial consequences that will haunt you long after your vacation is over.
Guides' Variety Hour On January 25th, it was the birthday of the great Scottish poet Robert Burns. Robbie Burns was one of the Romantic Age poets
Guides' Variety Hour For about twenty years' worth of tour reunion festivities, I've hosted a big party with our guides in my house. Each year
South Koreans Hike Hallasan, The Country's Tallest Peak, In Middle Of Winter Then things get a little more intense, especially if your whole village is following behind you. The Hallasan hike starts
How To Safely Visit Thailand Right Now, Amid Protests And Travel Advisories If you\u2019ve got a trip to Thailand booked for the meantime, follow these tips to stay safe during your visit. The demonstrations
The Bachelor's Most Romantic Destinations Wedding bells are ringing for the former bachelor Sean Lowe and his bride-to-be, Catherine Giudici. Seriously, those bells
Your Weekly Travel Zen This week's Moment of Travel Zen comes to us from Kristen Etzel. Her photo of Katoomba, located in New South Wales, shows
Every Street In This Dutch Neighborhood Has A Lord Of The Rings Name, Which Is Awesome There's no word on why the neighborhood decided to give itself such Tolkien-y titles, but we're glad they did. Geldrop is
17 Signs You're Actually Addicted To The Ocean I.just.need.it. 4. Words cannot express how much you love summer. And when you get there, this beach dance is completely
Another 'Georgia on My Mind' A walk down Rustaveli Avenue, so named after a 12th Century Georgian poet, on a cold January morning allowed me to appreciate some of the country's history, which my guide recounted with relish.
Travel Reveals 10 Ways America Is Different From the Rest of the World Americans eat pizza the way it was intended, by picking up a slice with their hands. In other countries they daintily eat pizza the wrong way, (I grew up in New York so yes, I can be harshly judgmental about this,) with a knife and fork.
Smart Travel Advice He's walked across Israel, bicycled across Burma, piloted a fishing boat down the Laotian Mekong, and driven a Land Rover across the Americas. In 2010, to prove a point about traveling light, he trekked around the world for six weeks with no luggage or bags of any kind.
22 Reasons You Should Visit Nashville Now 10. The full scale replica of the Parthenon. 5. Hatch Show Print. An oldie--established in 1879--but a goodie for lovers
8 Things About Americans That Might Surprise Visitors Visiting America can be a mind-blowing experience. There are so many beautiful places to see, cities to wander, and regions
5 Cool Italy Travel Trends for 2014 I've noticed a few new trends that are giving travelers more ways to experience the magic of Italy from enjoying outdoor adventure to taking Italian genealogy one step further and exploring dual citizenship with Italy.
The 7 Most Random Things To Ever Deserve A Monument Benedict Arnold's bruised foot This statue at Saratoga National Historic Park in New York pays homage to Benedict Arnold's
7 Ways To Bro Out In Hawaii For The Pro Bowl 1. Spearfish Um, is there anything more primal as hunting, stalking and spearing your own fish? At Spearfish Maui, Jeremy
The Black Pearl During my research I had the chance to speak with some very competent people who have taken a personal interest in saving
How to Plan a Travel Festival Planning a travel festival is like juggling with 14 different balls while balancing on a tightrope with your eyes closed
The Real-Life Places Behind Your Favorite Desktop Backgrounds Revealed You always thought this was
Guides' Variety Hour With over a hundred European guides filling my home last weekend, we threw an impromptu, multicultural talent show. One of
10 Places Every American Should See Think you know America's essential sights? Compare your past trips with our picks for domestic destinations every citizen should visit -- from pop culture icons to patriotic landmarks.
The Wekerle Estate The sun illuminates the square and I sit back and watch the children playing through the window of the warm caf\u00e9. For them, it's just an ordinary Sunday, but for me, it's more.
Discovering Jordan Jordan may be a small country but it is jam-packed with amazing sites.
The Top 12 Travel Phobias You Probably Have and Don't Even Realize Sure, you may know you have aviatophobia (fear of flying) or claustrophobia (fear of enclosed spaces), but what about all those other angst-inducing scenarios and situations that crop up when you're living life on the road?
Top 10 Extreme Hotels Worldwide Instead of another cookie-cutter hotel room, why not stay in a bubble in a French forest, or ride an elephant onto your private island in Sri Lanka? A stay at one of GAYOT.com's Top 10 Extreme Hotels Worldwide is a guarantee of a one-of-a-kind vacation.
The Exceptional Traveler Whether you have a week, ten days or two weeks to get away from it all, a well established travel philosophy of mine is to visit both city and countryside on every trip.
Let Me Tell You Why I Don't Want a Real Job I'm not sure perpetual traveler is a recognized job description. However, adventure addict, house sitter and freelance travel writer might just be an accepted combination of viable employment possibilities.
New York's Best New Restaurants (PHOTOS) New York is ever changing, full of surprises, and more delicious than ever thanks to these restaurants.
Craziest Travel Confessions (PHOTOS) \I like hearing people's stories, but please, keep it brief. We have a button on the phone that will make it ring to rescue us from a boring conversation.\
6 Most Beautiful Churches in America No matter what your religious affiliation is, everyone can find enlightenment in the towering domes, mosaic artworks, and impressive sculptures, not to mention the stories behind these buildings.
Say Goodbye to Jet Lags With These Easy Tips So, how do you keep the wanderlust alive and make trans-Atlantic journeys every few months while not feeling like you just came out of anesthesia? Here are some of my tried and tested tips that will prepare you for long flights and jet lags.
For the Love of Sunsets and Mofongo In the evening, a visit to our friend's villa in the mountains of Rincon revealed a row of green mountains and electric fuchsia
New and Improved Hotels Hit the Sweet Spot in Midtown New York City The slice of New York City from Central Park to Times Square down 7th Avenue, and then up Broadway to Lincoln Center, is undergoing the kind of hotel resurgence not seen in decades.
10 Incredible Million Dollar Ski Houses The best ski homes don't just sit near the best slopes, they ooze luxury and tempt you to never leave. With style, comfort and amazing views, these 10 ski homes let you live like a local -- a very wealthy local -- in the best ski resorts in the world.
22 Reasons You Are a Travel Snob Some would say they are jaded. Their style is best and they alone are the arbiters of travel dharma truisms. (And here I thought travel was a highly subjective personal experience and that diversity was a good thing!?)
Coffee Quest After tasting coffees (at the source) in over two dozen nations around the world, I think I've finally discovered the secret to growing \The World's Best Coffee.\
Deadvlei Is The Most Beautiful 'Dead' Place You Will Ever See Check out photos of Deadvlei below. A river once brought water to Deadvlei, but when the climate changed the river dried
Il Salviatino If Downton Abbey had been set in Italy, it might well have been filmed at Il Salviatino.
13 Incredible Natural Wonders That Deserve A Spot On Your Bucket List 6. Salt flats If lake or pond water evaporates instead of seeping into the ground, it'll leave mineral compounds behind on
Celebrating Syria There are so many delicious facets to this story. I first met Wassef Haroun in Zambia, at the Kafue River Camp, owned by a mutual friend who had invited us for a week-long private safari.
How to Travel Anywhere and Not Get Killed or Maimed If checking into a not so nice place, turn off the lights in the room, shut the door and check for peep holes (it's happened). If there is one, slowly get your mace and spray through hole before leaving (easy way to tell who has been peeping).
11 Travel Apps That Will Make Your Life Easier Several years into an increasingly busy travel and lifestyles writing career, I've managed to still avoid getting an international plan on my phone or paying roaming charges. I've survived with copious amounts of research and some pretty awesome apps. Here are some of my favorites!
Moving to China A year ago, I was writing my senior thesis for my BA and could never have guessed I'd be teaching English in China in just one year. Several people have called me \brave\ -- but I'm not brave, I just took a professor's advice seriously -- go teach in China, he said. So I did.
Exploring Denver's El Chapultepec Here there's history, legacy and character. No place in the surrounding blocks has that. This is the place you should drink at in LoDo.
Love Letters Above all, I love that your iconic symbol is a mountain. To the sleeping lady who protects us all with her comforting presence, Mt. Tam, I owe you my heart.
Wolf's Howl Still Echoes She was a Lawless from Hazard, Kentucky, he said. She was a tiny rebel who could swear with the best of them. Roadside Oil
When Hotels and Motels Are Not at Their Best -- Pet Friendly or Not For Candlewood Suites, the issue was light. Way, WAY, too much light. Not only are the rooms inundated with multiple \on
Lone Photographer Climbs Canadian Rockies At Night, Documents Hike In Stunning Photos Paul Zizka got the idea for his epic photo series from early-morning mountaineering trips he took as a kid. \I was amazed
Six Things I Learned in West Virginia When a colleague invited me to join her and her friends on an off-road excursion in West Virginia, I accepted, only because I'd heard such great things about the epic scenery.
What Are the Best Travel Hacks? Here is 44 years of travel advice from a military brat and a military veteran who's been around the world a time or three.
America's Strangest Restaurants (PHOTOS) Strange restaurants abound from coast to coast, from a toilet-themed caf\u00e9 in the suburbs of Los Angeles to ninja villages in New York City and an actual cave in the Midwest.
Terrifying Drives for Brave Road-Trippers Buckle up for a tour of highways with hairpin turns, steep cliffs, narrow lanes, extreme weather, and dizzying heights.
The Hidden Cost of Car Rentals in Mexico You know what they say about deals that sound too good to be true.
How to Pick a Destination When Traveling With Kids \u2022Let the kids decide. -- They know what they want, so spare them the numbers or dates or anything. Just let them pick and
China Has A Toilet Waterfall, Because Of Course Most bowls were donated from factories to create the 300-foot-long mural of sorts, all of whose toilets are connected so
Memories of Vernazza As each village has its own persona, we chose Vernazza because it has been reported by many to be the loveliest of the villages with an ancient castle, pastel-colored cliff-hanging homes, an inner port and a small intimate seaside church.
8 Lessons Learned While Traveling The World Before I continue with the stories of the places I've traveled to, I wanted to share with you some things I learned during these travels, and the process of understanding each city, culture and people. And food.
The Village Vintage, a New Concept Store in Paris While the classic lamps, chairs and other furniture and decoration fixtures are permanently part of our everyday sightings
See The Planes In The Sky Right Now To mark 100 years of passenger air travel, our stunning interactive uses live data to show every one of the thousands of
Killer Trip Chasing Killer Whales There is no better place, no better time. The salmon are running, and the weather is fine. Our target waters have the highest density of orcas anywhere in the world. I'm going to feel the spray of flying flukes, and wink at the melon-sized eye of an orca.
Vegas' Mind-Blowingly Expensive Hotel Suites From $40,000 suites with remote-controlled toilets, to 6,000-square-foot duplexes that are \price upon request,\ these are the most expensive suites at Las Vegas' top hotels.
4 Cruise Ship Ports That Suck -- Prince Rupert, Canada Bari, Italy. Photo by Mi.Ti. / Shutterstock For cruise ship passengers who venture ashore here, at
Invite 100 European Guides into Your Home and Get Ready for Fun As is tradition at each of our tour guide summits, last weekend I invited our guides into my home for a party. As is also
First Time to Peru? 10 Best Things to Do and See While attempting to recreate Hiram Bingham's 1911 trek and \discovery\ of Machu Picchu, Adams also reflects on the Inca Civilization that built these ancient cities throughout Peru in the 13th -16th centuries and its final showdown with Spain in the mid 1500's.
7 Places Where You Can Still Go Off the Grid It's easy to get caught in the hustle and bustle of the holidays around the year's end and become overwhelmed. After packing away the tinsel and holiday cheer, take time to yourself to truly unwind and enjoy real peace.
Best New Travel Gadgets for 2014 (PHOTOS) From wearable computers and cloud-connected cars to design-forward chargers, the gadgets making their debuts at the 2014 International CES in Las Vegas last week promise to add extra levels of convenience and enjoyment to travelers in the coming months.
New Zealand Has A Cave Full Of Glow Worms, And You Should Go Inside It Imagine you're floating on a small wooden boat through a damp cave. It's completely dark inside, save for dots of light from
Thailand Journal There are a number of reasons travelers visit Chiang Rai province in Northern Thailand, chief among them being the proximity
6 Things Do in Tokyo When the Train Stops Running If you're stuck with a smelly group of dudes, mix up the company by parking it at a hostess club. Once you're seated in a
Thailand Journal The Golden Triangle Asian Elephant Foundation rescues elephants that have resorted to begging (even in the streets of a metropolis
How to Find the Best Cruise Deals for Families Trying to plan your 2014 family vacation? Whether you're a family of two or 20, a cruise offers a fun-filled and convenient vacation. Unpack once and explore several destinations, or never leave the ship and find something for everyone.
OTP's Guide to Street Art All around the drabbest parts of Poland, most visibly in Lodz, imaginative street art is changing the landscape and attracting artists from around the world to come paint up the scene (and likely down a few dozen pierogies in the process).
Catedrais, The Magical Spanish Beach That Disappears At low tide, you can hike under and around its precarious rock arches, which line the beach like actual little cathedrals
7 Caribbean Islands You've Never Heard Of But Should Visit Culebra Culebra is today what its sister island, Vieques, was 15 or so years ago. Though it sits 17-miles off the highly
Take In The Sights And Sounds Of An Incredible 'Two Weeks In Asia' Lucky for us, we get to tag along for the (elephant) ride. While visiting, he aspired to be the best tourist he could be
14 Of The Most Epic, Confusing, And Beautiful Mazes On Earth 13. Dixon, California What would otherwise be a typical little pumpkin patch is elevated to Guinness World Records status
Your Weekly Travel Zen Where have you traveled for a moment of zen? Email travel@huffingtonpost.com with your travel zen or submit below! This week's
7 Places That Will Delight Your Inner Child 1. Swing At The End Of The World Located in Banos, Ecuador, Casa del Arbol's \Swing at the End of the World\ provides stunning
Please Don't Call Them Airlines -- They're Loyalty Companies So why aren't any other watchdogs speaking out about this twisted business model, which relies on us paying for an unregulated currency in order to get the benefits all travelers probably deserve?
New Images Of England's Hauntingly Abandoned Workhouse-Turned-Hospital For more images, follow Damien McFadden on Facebook. Welcome to heebie-jeebie central. The building has an even darker past
These Halos Are Breathtaking All Around The World This optical phenomenon is produced when ice crystals create arcs, often around the sun or moon. The ice halo is similar
Pamukkale Is A Natural Wonder You Need To See (PHOTOS) Pamukkale is truly a natural wonder. If it's not already on your list of gorgeous places to see, you'll be adding it after
Saipan Is The Most Beautiful Place In America You've Never Heard Of But know this
10 Deals for The NY Times' 'Places to Go in 2014' Last week, The New York Times published its \52 Places to Go in 2014\ list. Our deal experts, always on the pulse of the hottest travel trends, already scoured the globe for deals in these must-visit destinations.
5 Things Not to Miss in The Galapagos Islands Half the awe and fun of The Galapagos Islands is underwater.
Phil's Fish Market 'Where Are You From' Map Looks Unbelievable, But It's Real \It\u2019s real. It\u2019s not a fake,\ Phil's crew member Juanita Quintanilla told the Huffington Post. \This restaurant is in a little
17 Places You Have To Visit To Truly Understand Central Park, New York It's hard to grasp how much of an oasis this park is until you've been swallowed by the urban tangle
The Dangerous First Descent of the Zambezi Some 350 feet below the bridge we were driving over, a mighty river coiled and cursed through a dark basalt gorge. I could see two rapids interrupting the otherwise peaceful stretch. They were pieces of effervescence, feather-white, inviting.
Panama City Beach Escape The Northern Florida beach town was notorious for being the Capital of Spring Break ever since MTV started filming the wet T-shirt contests and drunken shenanigans that took over the town every March.
Smart Travel Advice Remember, souvenirs don't have to be things. It can be a dish you learned to prepare at a local cooking school or a habit like drinking a certain type of tea at a certain time of day.
'Frozen' Suite at Hotel De Glace Is Super Cool \Frozen\ is the smash hit animated feature that is inspiring internet sensations, winning awards, heading to Broadway and
Romance and Politics at the Four Seasons in Washington, D.C. While sipping my morning coffee in the lobby, I spied a TV anchorwoman, a retired U.S senator, a Ghanaian diplomat and a player for the Wizards, all within the span of an hour.
Cozying Up to History at London's Criterion Restaurant When the Criterion first opened its doors, Alexander Graham Bell had yet to claim the patent for the telephone, Thomas Edison was still five years away from inventing a practical light bulb and the first Ford Model T wouldn't see a road for more than three decades.
Colorado Woman Says TSA Agents Groped Her During Pat Down On Day She Wasn't Flying \When a passenger alarms for explosive residue, TSA takes steps to resolve the alarm. Complaints about procedures are taken
Where To Travel Based On Your Favorite Alcoholic Beverage They say your drink of choice says a lot about you. Your beloved alcoholic beverage may not be indicative of your entire
7 Hilarious Vine Videos Teach Us About Pidgin, The Humuhumunukunuku\u0101pua\u02bba, And Local Hawaiian Culture Thankfully, Hawaii Vines -- a Facebook page that hopes to spread aloha with Hawaii humor -- offers 7-second windows into
The Friendliest Caribbean Islands As if the incredible beaches, luxurious pools, and delectable cocktails weren't enough draw to visit the Caribbean, the region is also home to some of the world's warmest and nicest human beings.
Europe's Best Hidden Beaches Don't fancy sharing your patch of sand with thousands of other sun seekers?
A New Kind of Family Vacation! What we are talking about is maximizing the diminishing opportunities we all have to be together as a multigenerational family in a unique and stimulating setting.
Europe's Most Overcrowded Tourist Destinations, Summed Up In Haikus But you won't have to, now that we've summed them all up with the haiku, a form of Japanese poetry that's incredibly succinct
When to Use a Travel Agent Many people presume that the rise of do-it-yourself booking engines like Travelocity.com and Expedia.com all but wiped out travel agencies -- Yahoo recently declared a career as a travel agent a \dead-end job.\ But that's not necessarily the case.
Slideshow Maybe it's the fact that you and your better half can sail off into the sunset night after night, or maybe it's the ability to discover multiple locales while enjoying intimate meals, couples spa treatments and spacious cabins. Whatever the reason, cruises offer an inspiring setting for igniting romance.
6 Tips for Traveling With a 6 Year Old Even if you are lucky enough to have ditched the diaper bag, chances are there are still sippy cups, snacks, extra clothes and strollers to contend with. But not all kiddie-related travel is doom and gloom.
Like Preservation? You'll Love St. Louis Curious about getting involved with the local preservation groups? That's great! We recommend starting with the Landmarks
How Johnny Cash's Boyhood Home Shaped the Man in Black Listening to his music, it's easy to picture a young Johnny Cash running around a rural Southern town causing trouble and
Slideshow Imagine leaving Gotham's towering skyscrapers behind and setting sail to diverse locales as you indulge in gourmet meals and lazy afternoons finished with magenta sunsets.
For Your Winter Daydreaming Pleasure Still recovering from the holiday season? Relax, we've got you covered.
The Best View Of Dubai's World Islands Is From Above (PHOTOS) Dubai's World Islands are best viewed from above. The artificial archipelago, also known as \The World,\ consists of 300
Thailand Journal Most people may think of a perfume by Yves Saint Laurent when they hear the word \opium.\ They've never heard of the Opium
8 Things to Do in Orlando...Without the Kids Like its spectacular theme parks for kids, Orlando's after-dark options provide nonstop grown-up fun. See a fairy tale come
7 Top  'Art Wanks' at Tasmania's Newest Museum It's a large box-type edifice built at a reported cost of more than $75 million into a sandstone cliff on a promontory a 30-minute ferry ride from Hobart, Tasmania's capital, on the north bank of the Derwent River.
5 Roman Ceilings Better Than the Sistine Chapel Many people don't know that Rome is replete with equally stunning ceiling art painted during the apex of the Baroque period -- and that are much less crowded than the Sistine Chapel. These are the ones worth the crick in your neck.
5 Surprising Hotel Freebies That Will Make Your Winter Break Awesome Most of us don't spend our hard-earned money on a trip lightly, and there's nothing worse than showing up at your carefully chosen resort only to get nickel-and-dimed.
20 Reasons to Drop Everything and Go to Spain See more photos of natural parks in Spain 20.) Mediterranean lifestyle, anyone? From rabbit and snails to mussels and prawns
Las Vegas, Where Sin and Serene Wonders Meet I have eaten off the strip and spent time drinking beers with locals in downtown Las Vegas, which is historically where it all began and will has remnants of forgotten wild west days where saloons and pool halls were the order of the day.
Carnival Time in Rio However cheesy Carnival may be, Rio de Janeiro -- mad, magical and mysterious -- allows you to live out, if only for a brief moment, your most far-flung fantasies and dreams.
12 Ways To Actually Save Enough For Your Dream Trip 10. Find a cheaper gym. There's a good chance you can find one with a lower membership fee... like the YMCA. Or make a pledge
Tokyo's Shining 'Golden Shrine' Toshogu Reopens Ieyasu's shrine to himself and the mighty samurai class, Toshogu, was one of only a tiny number of buildings in the area that managed to survive this fierce final battle. So in-your-face reformers! Don't mess with this Shogun, even in death.
Nuh Linga! Get Down to Jamaica Where will you be staying? What you should probably do is stay in a house that enterprising Jamaicans open up to vacationers. Because when you're successful and you live in paradise, isn't every home a vacation home?
Spain's Picture-perfect Cycling Trails The country's pleasant climate and extraordinary cuisine are natural reasons to want to visit Spain, but when our travelers return from their vacations, the first thing they say is they can't believe how beautiful the Spanish countryside is!
Thailand Journal Wat Muen Buddha Mettakhunaram is on the road to Mae Chan. There travelers making their way to the Golden Triangle, the meeting
A Peek At Arctic Alaska Life Courtesy Of Instagram Living in the Arctic is an experience few of us will ever have. Luckily, technology connects us to those who get to experience
5 Perfect Winter Honeymoon Destinations Your honeymoon is sure to be one of the most memorable vacations of your life, but after orchestrating an entire wedding, trying to choose the perfect honeymoon destination can seem daunting.
Love Letters Philly, you've never left me and probably never will. You were the first place I ever called home. Even the first place I learned how to walk.
New Florence Discoveries I'm lucky to have friends in Florence, so I get to visit there pretty frequently. Every time I go I like to touch base with old favorites. But I also like to try something new.
Santa Fe's One-time Treasure Why, you might ask, did I find a bunch of black and brown scribbles compelling enough to make a hastily planned trip to inspect them?
The Best Sunrises Around The World You've Probably Slept Through Lisbon, Portugal ...or you have a child... Tarangire National Park, Tanzania Sunsets mark the \golden hour,\ when day turns
6 Kid-Friendly Amusement Parks to Visit in 2014 It's not too early to start planning your family's summer vacation, and if you are looking for a little inspiration, I've
10 Innovative Websites That Will Change the Way You Travel Vayable matches visitors with local \insiders\ who can provide targeted one-on-one guidance about their home cities and their
12 Worst Cruise Rip-offs Sadly, lots of people don't want you to avoid the rip-offs, so diligence is the best defense. Here are 12 cruise rip-offs to look out for.
The Volcano and the Goddess The Hawaiian mountain has been steadily flowing since 1983! That makes it one of the most long-lived eruptions known on Earth.
Airport Survival Unless you're traveling on your own private jet on your time table, the \getting there\ is almost never without problems. Here are some of my most effective insider tips to help you travel smarter.
My Very Own 36 Hours in New Orleans It was loud and busy, wet and deafening, but the music, the dancing, and the food were still amazing and mood-lifting.
What Sexism Tastes Like in Istanbul During the taxi ride back to my hotel, I realize that my lunch was not lamb or chicken or almond soup. I was served a big fat plate of sexual discrimination.
Aiguille Du Midi Offers Epic, Thrilling Views (PHOTOS) Aiguille du Midi has long been a destination for travelers exploring the Mont Blanc region of the French Alps. It's viewing
The Sunken Town Of Halfeti, A Cittaslow Town In Turkey, Is Our Travel Tuesday Many of the 200,000 visitors a year arrive in spring and fall to do some hiking and head out on the water and do some water
7 Twitter Accounts That Will Make Your Next Trip A Zillion Times Easier The restaurant you've got your eye on Lots of them post deliciously graphic pictures of their specials. And if all attempts
Worth the Drive Even as a skeptical traveller eager to avoid crowds, I can say that each destination from Melbourne is more fulfilling than the next. In just one month, I visited all of the top three day trips, some of them, twice.
New Years Celebrations In Florence New Year's Eve and New Year's Day are both celebrated in Florence, and the entire two weeks (or more) surrounding Christmas and New Year's is one continuous 'festa' (party) and with everyone walking.
Forks, Corks, Villas and Vines in Argentina Rest assured no matter how full the forks and corks and cultural offerings may leave you, you will leave Argentina begging for more.
Going Undercover With a Top-Secret Hotel Inspector From AAA I wanted to know what Ted looks for when he scopes out fancy four-diamond joints like Wilmington's Hotel Du Pont, where I was booked for one night. I wanted to know how he rates the food and service at restaurants. And, most of all, I wanted to know what Ted's life is like.
Traveling in Sin Written in a highly unusual narrative style, it pops between \he said\ and \she said\ with the authors each penning part of every chapter as they traverse a dozen countries.
Budget Waikiki Includes VIVE Hotel, Me's BBQ It's not easy, but with cheap flights out of Bellingham and a little research, budget-minded Canadians can still enjoy a tropical vacation to Waikiki Beach. And remember, the beach is a great equalizer where the rich and not-so rich can rub shoulders
Ten Things I Learned From Hitch-hiking Around Ireland While global, national and personal crises can be traumatic and painful, they can also be times for reflection and an opportunity
22 Things You Should Know Before You Stay In A Hostel 18. You won\u2019t meet any locals on hostel pub crawls. But you probably didn\u2019t care about that anyway. 21. You might have to
Rick Steves' Guides There was a time when I couldn't imagine anyone but me leading a Rick Steves tour. For 25 years, I personally led at least
My Newest Tour Guides Take the Field There was a time when I believed only I could lead a \Rick Steves\ tour. Of course, those days are long gone, and today I'm
Running With the Bulls Worse, my red and white leather running shoes were ruined; caked in mud and scuffed from toe to heel. I cursed aloud, \ No shirt, no shoes, no proof -- who's going to believe me when I talk about this death-defying adventure?
6 Surefire Ways to Keep Your Kids Happy on Vacation (in Paris) While Enjoying It Yourself This year we spent winter break in Paris with our (for lack of a less egregious word) tweens. It could not have gone better unless I could've eaten croissants at every meal without gaining weight and performed the Tango in the Tuieleries with Armande Assante. But I digress.
A Trio of Flashbacks to Old-World Mexico A stroll along the town's cobbled lanes, porticoed walkways and Andalusian courtyards is like a jump back to the 17th and 18th centuries, when Alamos was one of the richest spots on Earth.
Amita Thai Cooking Class I wanted to do something fun, but after flying 18-plus hours, the idea of doing anything that required a lot of walking, or would land me in the middle of a large crowd, made me want to put a fork in my eye.
The Cost Of A Super Bowl Stay, As Revealed By TripAdvisor In just a few weeks, football fans will descend upon New York and New Jersey for Super Bowl XLVIII. With last minute plans
Where To Travel, Based On Your American Girl Doll If you had
Fire Guts Ancient Tibetan Town in South-West China The lanes were so narrow that the fire trucks could not get through.
Top Guest Ranches Boutique resorts throughout North America are continually elevating the standards of dude-ranch accommodations, pairing ultra-inviting-yet-rustic lodging with unparalleled outdoor adventures.
Thailand Journal While in most American Hotel rooms you still find the Gideon Bible, in Northern Thailand you might find the Teachings of
World's Coolest Underwater Lodgings From Zanzibar to Sweden, beautiful underwater properties with one-of-a-kind views have been popping up around the globe, featuring some of the most unique rooms that travelers can book.
Your Weekly Travel Zen \The photo was taken on Necker Island in the BVIs while on holiday there in Nov 2013. Necker is Sir Richard Branson's private
The 11 Most Ridiculous Travel Ads Ever Printed The Roosevelt Hotel, New York But really... what does the size-0 runway model have to do with your place of lodging? And
Stunning Modernist Mountain Escapes Traditionally, the high-altitude aesthetic of mountain resorts has centered on knotty-pine-wood paneling, oversized stone
America's Best Main Streets Friendly neighbors, family-run businesses, and quaint restaurants serving comforting diner fare--these are the images conjured
Top 10 Remote Hotels Worldwide Enjoy Greenland's arctic landscapes, Namibia's sand dunes, or Chile's mysterious Easter Island. So rack up the frequent flyer miles and check into one of the Top 10 Remote Hotels Worldwide.
Peaceful Talk with Pico Iyer Next week, I'll be conducting about 40 interviews in six days for my public radio program, Travel with Rick Steves. In preparation
Top 10 Places to Visit in 2014 From Ushuaia, Argentina to Chang Mai, Thailand, here are the top 10 travel destinations for 2014.
10 Cheapest Backpacking Cities In Central And South America 9. Santiago, Chile Daily Backpacker Index
Island Life Reveals Relaxed Side of Malaysia Pangkor Laut seems to seduce everyone. When I depart, two girls are crying on the boat back to the mainland marina.
You Went Where? // Weird Travel Located in the modern nation of Ukraine, the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone reigns as one of the most usual tourist sights in the
Leaving Beautiful Florence On a rainy (torrential, and, hopefully, temporary) Sunday morning in Florence, I am getting ready to leave. I have had four wonderful months in Florence and am not ready to go -- I'm in conflict about it all...
A Rick Steves-Style Paris Video Through the Eyes of Teenagers Here's the video. Enjoy! Dear Sahal and Leeban, You guys are great. Thanks for letting us enjoy a little bit of Paris through
Atotonilco, Mexico -- High Art, Folk Art, Hot Springs, Food! If you're planning a trip to San Miguel de Allende, be sure to budget a day at the nearby town of Atotonilco. Here are four solid reasons to make the trip.
4 Celebrity Chef Restaurants in the Caribbean For food lovers who are willing to hop in a cab, there are actually great meals to be had at unforgettable restaurants helmed by celebrity chefs. Here is our chef-driven foodie bucket list for the Caribbean in 2014.
Top 4 Places to Learn to Ski and Snowboard What do beginner skiers and snowboarders daydream about? Mostly not being cold, not getting hurt, and not being embarrassed. Not exactly inspirational, huh?
The New, Sanitized Mummers Parade in Philly The corporate parade has lost its spontaneous character and patina. The \fun\ in today's Mummers is dispensed like those building passes you get once you pass through security at the lobby desk. But sometimes real fun involves a little bit of messiness and the unpredictable.
The 100 Years Old Dubai! Needless to say, all of these, including the time at the mosque and the coffee time, are great chances to have a candid conversation on the Emirati lifestyle and the SMCCU guide and host will most probably ensure that you don't return unanswered.
The Best B&Bs in America The inns on this list are as varied as their destinations and include an alpine lodge, historic city mansion, charming small-town estates and quiet rural retreats.  Behind each is an extraordinary innkeeper who cares about the details.
Two Months in Antarctica Christmas Day marked two months on the ice. Here's a snapshot into the first 62 days of the Scott Expedition.
Thailand Journal Massage, not necessarily prostitution or erotic, is one of Thailand's calling cards. You might call it one of the exports
Should Linguistic Barriers Steer You Away From Your Dream Destinations? In situations where I've found myself somewhat familiar with the local tongue, it's best to be uninhibited and speak as slowly and simply as possible. You'd be surprised at the end result.
The World's Most Inspiring Vacation Spots Find a little inspiration on your next vacation by visiting the places where Georgia O'Keeffe, Robert Frost, Pablo Picasso, and other famous artists did their best work.
Wall Street Journal Releases Annual Score Card For Best And Worst Airlines Travel is an ice-jammed nightmare now, but travelers have been getting used to more problems
'Don't Smile At French People,' British Tourism Group Says In New Guidebook A British tourism group called VisitBritain has released a potentially helpful -- and potentially offensive -- guidebook
Technology Etiquette -- Are You Ready for In-Flight Cell Phone Use? Many frequent flyers are holding their breath as the challenge of air travel may soon get even more invasive.
The 'Golden Hour' Around The World, Thanks To National Geographic \The picturesque Oia village is located on a sheer cliff on the northern tip of the volcanic Santorini island in Greece. It
Jessica Chastain Is Merida, Courtesy Of Annie Leibovitz's Disney Dream Portraits Oscar nominee Jessica Chastain is the newest princess, posing as Merida from \Brave.\ Famed lensman Annie Leibovitz has once
5 Ideas for Your Next Mancation How is a \mancation\ different than a bachelor party? These trips are about finding the time to bond with all of your buddies in a new place or with a new activity -- not celebrating one man's last night of singledom. But similar to organizing a bachelor party, planning a mancation takes work.
2014 Meets 1939 Remember, this WAS post-bar closing on New Year's Eve, so the fact that this lady was still upright and able to move her fingers was amazing in itself. But what happened next was even better.
Best Tiki Bars in the U.S. Modern tiki bars are serving stellar versions of kitschy drinks. Here, the best tropical-themed tiki bars and lounges in the U.S.
London's First Pay-Per-Minute Cafe Ever felt you've overstayed your welcome in a cafe, by reading, working or surfing the web while hugging the latte you bought
It's Florida Manatee Time These gentle giants head for warmer climates in the winter, much like their human snowbird counterparts. Here are our tips to having a manatee-filled getaway.
5 African 'Bus' Rides He's certainly not touching us here. It takes three hours to disentangle, the five-hour journey takes eight hours, and I
Is Copenhagen the World's Most Liveable City? The beauty of the city is also characterized by an ever-present natural element
Amalfi Coast Rosati suggested the Amalfi Coast, a stunning -- to say the least -- stretch of coastline on the Sorrentine Peninsula (south of Naples), as well as the historically-glam isle of Capri, located just offshore.
Bali Jalan Tol Bali Mandara will be a hard-working road, not only carrying tens of thousands of vehicles a day, but acting as a \tourism icon\, symbolizing a modern, dynamic Bali of peace, prosperity and social harmony.
Believe the signs for Assisi are black and white and appear in an Old English Font. Before even stepping onto the platform, I was reminded that this was a special place, much like the signs at the entrances to churches reading Silence and Respect.
Paris, Believe the Hype Even New York doesn't hold the mantle of the most defied plot of land on planet earth. Despite all the hoopla about Paris -- the cinema, literature, poetry, music and art --it still exceeds my expectations.
10 Best NYC Hotels for Families Take the stress out of bringing the kids to New York by picking a hotel that has the location and perks like full kitchens and free gear that will make your life a lot easier.
Love Letters Vail, you are a treasure that everyone should be lucky enough to find.  Since I have lived here, I have been changed in ways that are both profound and immeasurable. For that, I thank you.  Vail, I love you.
Maldive Islands After flying back to Male, you meet a speedboat dispatched by the Vivanta by Taj Coral Reef, which whisks you to the tiny
What's on Flores? Komodo Dragons and Active Volcanoes! If you're expecting Bali-quality accommodation and food, you'll be disappointed, but if you're looking for a slice of Indonesia that's away from the crowds, this may be just the place.
Thailand Journal Did you know The International Muay Thai Traphae Boxing Stadium on Moonmuang Road in Chiang Mai won \the Muaysiam of north
Top 5 Things to Do in Philly With Kids Although enthusiastic renditions of \Yo, Adrian\ would elicit blank stares ('Rocky who?') and they're too young to appreciate a gooey Philly cheese steak, Philadelphia is ideal for a weekend getaway and combines good old fashioned fun, child friendly attractions plus a big dose of history.
Are You a Competitive Traveler? Every traveler I know, be they armchair wannabes, neophytes, blog writers, media personalities or travel industry professionals, all believe that they have it wired and know the best way to travel. So, it got me to thinking
New Year's Travel Resolutions (PHOTOS) When it comes to travel, it's okay to have lofty goals. Just don't wait too long to book your getaway. Only then will it become a reality -- and a completed resolution. We'll toast to that.
A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Bar, Or How I Crashed That Wedding in Fiji \I'm so sorry to crash your wedding, but our bure mom forced it. I just got here and had no idea what was going on,\ I explain through my plastic smile. The bride and groom both reassure me that everyone staying on Turtle Island during a grand wedding is invited to be a part of the party.
10 Things We Wish All Airlines Did To say there's room for improvement in the airline industry is a clear understatement. Between baggage fees, customer-service fails, and hellish flight delays, most carriers consistently keep our expectations at tarmac level.
Cures for the Travel Hangover With a few simple tips and tricks, you can beat the inertia, dive right back into a productive routine, and even infuse your home life with that excitement and inspiration you felt while you were away.
America's Most Romantic Winter Destinations (PHOTOS) Blame it on the cold weather or all that holiday cheer, but there's something about winter that gives us the itch to escape with that special someone.
Virgin America Flight Attendant Delights Passengers With Safety Video Dance Air travel safety is serious business, but it never hurts to infuse some fun into the matter. Virgin America's safety video
Surviving a Water Landing The fact remains, eight passengers made it out of an airplane that crashed in the ocean, and one of them was willing to talk to me about it.
When Your Flight Gets Delayed or Cancelled in the Cocos Islands I think Virgin Australia could learn a thing or two from Air Niugini about commitment to get their 'guests' to their destination
Location-Independence More and more tech-savvy travelers are opting for a mobile lifestyle that involves a few hours of hacking every day to pay the bills. Welcome to the rise of the internet-dirtbag, the one-(wo)man micro-multinational corporation, and the modern-day laptop hero.
Buenos Aires Without Tears You'll find a shrine to Saint Evita and Peronism at the Evita Museum in Palermo. It provides a fascinating (if one-sided
The Top 7 International Destinations You Need to Visit in 2014 Travelers today want to do, see, and interact more than ever before as international travel continues to grow, and we're looking to the future to those countries that will take center stage in the minds and hearts of travelers in 2014.
Gorgeous Aerial Photos Of Hawaii Taunt The Rest Of Us For more awesome photos, check out www.cameronbrooksart.com or follow Cameron on Instagram, @cameronbrooksart Hawaii is the
Mardi Gras Begins If you have never seen a New Orleans parade, it's hard to explain the energy, the magnitude and the sheer excitement. The best way I could describe Krewe du Veiux upon seeing it for the first time was \a quarter mile of moving chaos.\
Why I'm Sounding More British by the Day This involuntary linguistic accommodation manifests itself in a variety of ways. I mean, I now readily say \chips\ instead
Learning from a Year of Living On a Bicycle Build a Routine Don't Stop 2014 is here. How crazy is that? A simple minute, 11.59 to 00.00, but with it a switch from one
The Chedi of the City Navel \In the past, it was believed that the city had a life of its own, its identity, its own mind and horoscope that determined
Sparkling New Caribbean Resort Hotels for 2014 If you're looking for bragging rights for being the first of your friends to experience this year's latest and greatest Caribbean resorts, here is a look at the top new Caribbean Resort Hotels for 2014.
River Gods Returning to college I found it difficult to adjust. While I had freshly been in a whirlpool of activity in one of the most
Tourists, As Seen Over The Years (PHOTOS) Thailand, 1999 Brazil, 1955 Isle of Man, 1939 China, 1978 Egypt, 1900 Thailand, 1963 Yellowstone, 1946 Portugal, 1959 Herewith
25 Reasons Norway Is The Greatest Place On Earth 4. Trolltunga is the perfect photo op. Trolltunga is one of those insanely gorgeous locations. 2. It's really safe. The crime
The 5 Most Secret Nude Beaches In America Denny-Blaine Park in Seattle, Washington This little beach off the edge of a park is reportedly only about 80 feet wide... which
Rolling Out the Red Carpet This post first appeared on MarriottOnTheMove.com. The hotel prepared and performed beautifully. Two weeks prior to the royal
How to Eat Your Way Through Paris Any local will tell you, there's nothing more Parisian than going to the market. Luckily, there are plenty of outdoor markets scattered across the French capital, and they're worth a visit even if you're not staying in Paris long enough to cook your own meal.
Deal Experts' 2014 Travel Plans For travelers looking for a little inspiration, here's where our team of North American Deal Experts will be heading in 2014.
Keep Cool by These 6 B&B Pools (Even in the Winter) Daydreams of sandy beaches, palm trees and pools can suddenly appear at a moment's notice. And cabin fever could run at an all-time high. These may be signs that a warm-weather getaway is in your future!
The Ultimate (Affordable!) Tropical Vacation We can almost guarantee that if you haven't been to Costa Rica yet, one of your travel-crazy friends has. And they've told you all about it, right? The beaches and the rain forests. The food. The eco-resorts. And, of course, the zip-lining. Yes, it really is as great as your friends say it is.
Organizing a Trip Around the World Organizing this trip was not easy. I wasn't just thinking about how to survive the relationship (he was not my husband then), but how to budget, prepare, get the tickets, book hotels, and plan our itinerary and meetings for every city we would be visiting.
An Insider's Guide to the Best Beaches in the Caribbean Whether you want secluded mountain-coddled coves and peaceful palm-lined stretches of sand or idyllic resort-fronted stretches and lively people-watching expanses, you'll find an abundance of the most spectacular beaches in the world.
Notes from a Far Flung Isle From the bartering system still used in its markets to the abundance of lichen covering the extremely fertile inland forests and vast wetlands, Chilo\u00e9 offers a rewarding introduction to the region and is still distinctly off-the-the-beaten-track, guaranteed to bring out the true explorer in you.
You Won't Believe What Could Cure Your Fear of Flying Do you jump at the slightest bump of turbulence? Do you clutch the armrest during take off and landing? Or are you even too afraid to go to the airport?
Which Disney Park Is Actually The Happiest Place On Earth? The folks at Cheap Flights have cross-examined ticket prices, acreage, and the number of character meet-and-greets to determine
Celtic Priest Divines Legends in Landscape of Aran Island Dara Molloy is a Celtic priest who lives on the Aran Island of Inis Mor, off Galway and the West Coast of Ireland. He gave me an introduction to the area's history of rich Celtic spiritual traditions.
Everything You've Wanted to Know About Airplane Food What will this glorified TV dinner bring? Will I get a white bun or whole wheat? Call it boredom, call it what you will, but the blissful moment when the oversized trolley parks in front of you is a sacred one.
Two Days in Anegada, British Virgin Islands My husband and I have been to many warm destinations when the New York temps start to threaten frostbite. We've done the typical
5 Easy Tips for American Parents Traveling to Italy with Kids f you are planning a trip to Italy or Europe with the kids, it is a wonderful opportunity to expose your family to many new and exciting traditions, foods and people.
The Green Book Americans began taking to the road during the 1940s and '50s, for both business and pleasure. African-Americans were as eager as all other Americans to see the United States via automobile. Car travel for African-Americans, however, was fraught with difficulties because of racial segregation.
JetBlue Halts Flights At Some Airports As Flight Delays In The Thousands Across The Country Beginning at 1 p.m. ET today, we\u2019ll reduce operations at JFK, LGA, EWR, and BOS. This is to ensure recovery of our operations
New Orleans New Orleans is a gumbo; a mixture of ingredients that come together and create something undeniably unique. It is a city with energy, creativity, and individuality that represents the best of what American cities are doing today.
At the Helm of an Emirates A380 Emirates trains its real pilots on a much more complex piece of equipment, where all the knobs and levers actually work and the cockpit shakes on its hydraulic lift. For most of us who've dreamt of earning more than our plastic wings though, this pared-down version is as close as we're likely to get to taking charge of an actual jumbo jet.
Highclere Castle Offers A Real-Life Look At 'Downton Abbey' (PHOTOS) If you fancy yourself an anglophile, daydream about aristocracy or have patiently awaited the return of \Downton Abbey,\ then
10 Beaches Where Getting There Is Half The Fun Playa Las Palmas, Mexico You have to walk through jungle to get to this secluded spot. Kaihalulu Red Sand Beach, Hawaii Be
Your Weekly Travel Zen This week's Moment of Travel Zen comes to us from Bettina Hartas Geary. Her photo of Daubensee, a lake in Leukerbad, shows
My 2014 Resolution In 2013, companies stayed busy segmenting their \best\ customers with gimmicky loyalty programs while relegating the rest
10 Tech Necessities for Travel Don't let a change of scenery spoil your New Year's resolutions -- gear up for 2014 with these 10 apps and gadgets to help make your travel experiences exciting and productive.
7 Vacation Activities You're Simply Too Old To Do After 30 1. Banana Boating. While watching a speed boat dragging teenagers behind them on a tube while on a recent vacation, we couldn't
Airplane Passenger Rich Wisken's NSFW Complaint Letter to JetStar Goes Viral The aggressive letter, published early last month, has since gone viral, earning Wisken laughter in some corners of the Internet
7 Travel Rules You Should Definitely Ignore \Pack light.\ Those who can fit four weeks of clothes into their carry-on deserve a trophy, it's true. But aside from being
Soldier Boyfriend Brings Stuffed Penguin On Tour, Sends Adorable Photos To Girlfriend At Home What Mark did in response is adorable. When her boyfriend Mark left for a tour of duty around the world, 26-year-old Meredith
Metrocards Around The World Keeping mementos from your travels is a tradition of sorts. Some people keep grains of sand, others buy trinkets, some save
The LEAPrus 3912 Hotel Is Russia's Finest Mountaintop Hotel If resting your head in an unconventional hotel has found its way to your 2014 bucket list, get ready to cross one off already
Smart Travel Advice I've been following Gary Arndt's odyssey since 2007, when he started traveling more or less non-stop. \I've been to over
Where to Go in 2014 Here at Jetsetter.com, we've tapped our top travel insiders, got the scoop from destination experts and engaged in some heated office debates to present our 14 hottest destinations for 2014.
U.S. Customs Destroys Musician's Handmade Instruments A professional musician flying home to Massachusetts over the holidays says he had 13 of his instruments destroyed by U.S
The Top 10 Travel Quirks of 2013 From packing rituals to pet food, here, in no particular order, are my top 10 travel quirks of 2013. (All names have been changed to protect the innocent -- and the downright crazy.)
Journey to the Other Side Often, I imagined what heaven would be like and little did I know, its location was just on the other side of the earth, in a place far, far away known to the world as Fiji.
How To Get A Better Seat Next Time You Fly It now costs $200 to change or cancel a non-refundable airfare on the remaining \legacy\ U.S. airlines (American, Delta, United, and US Airways), and a bit less on some other airlines. But there are ways of avoiding the fee.
OTP's Favorite Travel Apps of 2013 New apps to color the road from point A to point B (and one to keep you alive should point C be passed-out drunk in a ditch.)
Lion's Head, Cape Town Is The Ultimate Daredevil Instagram Spot The rocky playground is perched over 2,000 feet above Cape Town's coastline, but the ascent up the mountain is relatively
10 Ways to Earn Frequent Flyer Miles Without Getting On a Plane Although elite flyers may earn a mileage bonus for every mile flown, there are much better ways to earn miles on the ground.
5 Travel Resolutions to Keep This Year Rather than setting broad, sweeping goals, why not approach them in a more specific manner? In addition to getting in shape and quitting vices, many people resolve to travel more.
10 Florida Tours To Float Your Boat (PHOTOS) The first tourists in Florida arrived by boat -- Juan Ponce de Leon and his crew, 500 years ago -- and it's still the best way to see the Sunshine State.
Why I Love Cheesy and Overrated Tourist Activities I think a lot of people think too deeply about travel, as if every moment on the road has to have profound impact and meaning. I've always found travelers who shun anything \cheesy\ to be some of my least favorite.
12 Photos That Prove New York City Is Best Viewed From Above In short, we love New York from way, way above the city to way, way down on the street. Here's to you, Big Apple. ...or how
A Lesson Learned in Grand Cayman When he finally arrived, another thirty-five minutes later, we asked how long it would take to get to the hotel. \Yes, you
My Wishes for a Happy and Healthy 2014 -- My Recap I have put my life on 'pause,' by taking a year-long sabbatical in Italy; I arrived in Florence, not knowing anyone except my rental agent,  and armed only with lots of advice and information from friends and an overwhelming feeling of adventure.
4 Tips for Getting Over Jet Lag If you have an overnight flight, make falling asleep in flight as easy as possible. Pack earplugs, an eye mask, a travel pillow, and your most snooze-worthy book to ensure you'll get some shut-eye.
9 Cities That Get Better With Friends Europe has a city for whichever type of travelmates (or lack of travelmates) you're rolling with. This means there are some
Churchill, Canada It was an explosive, swirling and exuberant dance of vibrant light that filled the whole sky above us. The weary were suddenly awakened. What a welcome to Churchill!
What Disney Got Wrong With Its Magic Bands It's worth noting that Disney got a lot of things right. The bands served as our room keys, admission tickets, the three fast passes we were allotted each day, payment for meals and as a tagging system to let the various photographers link our photos.
Tokyo's Luckiest Shrine for 2014 Tokyo's colorful Asakusa district is just about the luckiest place in town, with shrines and temples to the Seven Gods of Good Fortune all within walking distance.
A Spirit Journey for the New Year But I'm not really the point; this type of ground-shaking can (and does) happen to all of us. Some time, at some point in
Mardi Gras Me Home When he mentioned that preposterous idea, I got out my camera and took pictures of him taking pictures. Then on that November
Morocco's Majestic Coastal Road As the gateway to Northern Africa, Morocco provides a rich and cultural backdrop. Along the coast you will see an African ambiance, Middle Eastern and Mediterranean sensibilities, a European aesthetic and that definitive French flair.
10 Ways To Make Coming Home Less Depressing 8. Attack jet lag. The only thing worse than returning to work is returning to work with droopy eyelids. Stay up late, go
Five Hometown Ski Resorts Delivering On Value in 2014 If your New Year's resolution is to ski or snowboard with the family more, but your wallet just isn't up to the challenge, here's a ski season life hack
5 Off-The-Beaten-Path Tours Anyone Can Book When traveling, it's not always the typical tourist traps that offer the most memorable experiences. Eiffel Tower? Been there, done that. Trevi Fountain? Meh. Far more interesting are the places you don't see at first glance.
Anticipation and Enjoyment Caf\u00e9 Pushkin, in fact, was not created by a Russian chef, has no roots in czarist Russia, and was never frequented by the poet who shares its namesake [Pushkin]. Instead, it was born from a song.
OTP's 9 Favorite Travel Bloggers of 2013 This year, we turned away from analyzing website traffic and rank-o-meters, choosing our travel bloggers on merit alone.
The Best New Hotels of 2013 to Add to Your Travel Bucketlist From the opening of America's first LEGOLAND resort to the introduction of the innovative \Instagram hotel,\ there's been a slew of amazing new accommodation options on offer for travellers to enjoy.
Argentina Wine Country In the old cavernous wine cellar, we whet our appetites sampling wines from a handful of local producers, which we later sipped with a multi-course midday meal.
9 Reasons to Visit Colorado That Aren't Pot Tourism James Beard Award-winning chef Jennifer Jasinski Pot is now legal in Colorado, folks. As of Jan 1, Colorado becomes the first
Waikiki's International Market Place Closes, End Of An Era For Hawaii The plans that developers have put forward say they will keep the famous banyan tree and the International Market Place sign
Book Haus I enjoy lining up on my windowsill the books we birth and nurture. And beyond that lineup, immediately across the street
10 Historic Places That Were 'Saved' In 2013 Every year, The National Trust for Historic Preservation highlights 10 places saved in the past year, as well 10 places that
Love Letter To Coronado Coronado, your beaches, your hotel, your bridge, your people and your shops have won me over. Every holiday season, I'll be back to see the Christmas parade, drink hot chocolate from 1134, and take advantage of holiday-inspired free parking meters. Every summer, I'll be there for the Fourth of July fireworks, Sunday concerts in the park, and beach jogs. Coronado, you can count on it, just as I have always been able to count on you.
Looking Back at a Thrilling 2013 ... to touring the lavish Loire Valley palaces of financiers of pre-revolution France with my France guidebook co-author
10 Things You Never Knew About The New Year's Ball In Times Square 10. The Ball's journey down the pole takes a full 60 seconds. ...and we can't wait for every one of them this year! 5. The
8 Travel Resolutions for 2014 You don't even need passport to start traveling.
6 Reasons Why Hawaii Will Be Just As Awesome In 2014 As the year comes to an end, the Hawaiian islands are enjoying some standbys
The World's Greatest Traveler's Go/No-Go List for 2014 Mauritania
\u00c9tretat, France Is Probably The Closest Thing To A Screensaver We've Ever Seen There, you'll find picture-perfect natural arches staggered along the coastline for your snapshot-ing pleasure. They've served
Savor the Unexpected Pleasures of La Paz, Mexico Take the opportunity to swim with sea lions, whale sharks and the wide variety of marine life that inhabits the sea. Fun Baja also offers combination scuba camping trips and scuba certification programs for every level of diver from beginner through advanced.
Chilean Chronicles, Part 12 And in December we traveled to Torres del Paine, a national park of unsurpassed and staggering beauty that recently was named
The Coolest Views From Airplanes We've always been known to hold a special place in our heart for the views out of airplane windows. Whether you're arriving
Mad Dogs and Englishmen Go Out in the Midday Sun Some may like it hot, but on a recent visit to Djibouti, one of the hottest places on earth, it was sheer boredom that drove me out into the searing noonday heat. I just got fed up with sticking in the delightfully air-conditioned micro-climate of my hotel.
Spectacular Casino Hotels There is something unabashedly over-the-top about a casino--even above and beyond it being a place where the brave risk losing a lot of money in hopes of gaining more. And as gaming culture becomes increasingly popular, the casino experience has grown into far more than blackjack and slots, often involving renowned names in the hotel, food and entertainment worlds.
The Most Ridiculous Things That Happened In Air Travel In 2013 A computer outage caused major flight delays worldwide. A teenager decided to wander around an airport and impersonate a
You'll Never Know You're In The Middle Of A City At These Quiet Urban Hotels 'Tis the season for travel and chaos. We've finally found ourselves right in the middle of the busiest travel weeks of the
From Russia Although my mother swept away any feeling for her native land, I saw my trips as partly for her, maybe an effort to reconnect her to a land that only I wanted her to reconnect with.
Ascending Abraham's Nemesis What is the summit, exactly? The natural peak of Nemrut has remained covered for more than two millennia and the pyramid that sits on top of the mountain consists of hundreds of thousands of small stones, the debris of the larger than life godly statues at its foot.
16 Ways To Find Your Vacation Boyfriend Or Girlfriend Vacations can save a failing relationship. They can prove that a strong relationship isn't going to work. Or, they can ignite
Have a Whale of a Time in Hermanus, South Africa! What Hermanus is most famous for is its giant guests who stop by once a year to frolic in the waters of Walker Bay.
10 Things to Do in Belize in 2014 One of my resolutions for 2014 is to get more people from all over the world to visit Belize. Since there are so many great things you can do on a Belize vacation, I decided to share with the world the top best things to do in Belize.
My Own Piece of the Berlin Wall On a chilly fall night, my friend and I headed over to the smaller Potsdamer Platz section. It wasn't for drama that we traveled under cover of the dark. There's an unwritten rule that tourists are not to take pieces off the remaining Wall, for obvious reasons.
Instagram Local Lens Series Features Insider's Look At Rio De Janeiro Instagram's Local Lens series is the perfect way to get an insider's view of some of the most beautiful destinations on Earth
10 Travel Resolutions for a New Year We resolve to not flaunt our travel exploits and long-winded adventure stories to others -- nor to shamelessly show off our travel selfies to others. What are your 2014 Travel Resolutions?
The Newest In-Flight Photo Trend There are some things that just don't belong on one's social media stream, and that includes things that would be \streaming\ in the bathroom.
4 Dos and Don'ts for Safe Cycling in Death Valley To really experience Death Valley, you need to get off the highway and typical tourist tracks and explore the park by bike, and it's a physical challenge that shouldn't be taken lightly.
New Season Brings New Ski Lifts and Terrain The 2013-14 season has brought another slate of terrain expansions and new ski lifts. In some cases, the trend of bringing \side-country\ in-bounds offers the flavor of rugged backcountry skiing, minus any serious avalanche concerns.
Reaching the South Pole (Our Half-Way Mark) In short, I'm afraid to say -- though it's probably quite apt -- that I concur with Captain Scott himself when he said of the South Pole, \Great God this is an awful place\.
The 12 Most Delicious Foods You'll Discover Abroad, In Order 8. Poutine, Canada They add gravy and sometimes meat, so it's like cheese fries meets Thanksgiving dinner. Looks gross, tastes
There Is A Province Called Batman, Turkey, And It Is Beautiful Did you know that there's a place in Turkey called Batman? Well, there is. We'll leave a debate about whether or not the
Your Weekly Travel Zen Each week, we feature travel photos taken by readers around the world. For our final Travel Zen of 2013, we asked our readers
New Junk Fees Make Passengers Question Their Loyalties DeForest's fee encounter comes at a time when airlines are imposing all kinds of new junk fees. Virgin Atlantic is reportedly
Jong-ga Dining at Jeonju's Hakindang House Jeonju, a small city just a few hours' drive south of Seoul, is a treasure trove of historical buildings, interesting customs, and food -- food so good that the city was named UNESCO's 2012 City of Gastronomy.
Lisbon, Portugal, Has Some Beautiful Buildings To Visit (PHOTOS) Lisbon, Portugal, is famous for its Gothic cathedrals, winding streets, imposing monasteries and stunning museums. But did
10 Bucket-List Places You'll Almost Definitely Never Get To See To a traveler, nothing feels worse than being told there's an awesome place you've got to see... but that you can't go visit
7 Industrial-Chic Hotels While there's plenty to be said in favor of the new, sometimes the best things stem from a solid original foundation. Industrial
The Most Spectacular Views Are High Above The Clouds Mt Villarica, Chile There is high\u2026 and then there\u2019s sky-high. Weather permitting, you can (literally!) stand above the clouds
Hawaii's Youngest Surfers Will Blow Your Mind Brisa Henessey, 14 years old Surfing Oahu's North Shore during its famed winter season is a difficult feat for any surfer
7 Things Americans Can Learn From Italians 5. Having family nearby is the best thing ever. There are so many delicious treats in Italy -- rich gelato, mouth-watering
Where The Super Rich People Are This Holiday Season Of course there are always exceptions to the rule (the lone ranger CEO who wants to go on a safari or go super duper far
Beautiful Black And White Photos Of Turin Will Transport You To Italia With so many famous cities in Italy, sometimes Turin gets lost in the mix. It's not Rome or Florence or Venice, but Turin
Explore The Bonneville Salt Flats Of Utah (PHOTOS) There are so many natural wonders to visit in America -- but the Bonneville Salt Flats are perhaps one of the most eye-catching
Boutique Hotels Abroad and Bragging Rights They're a good alternative to the five-star brands if you're willing to give up some perks that really aren't all that necessary.  And you can have bragging rights that you stayed in perhaps the trendiest and most offbeat hotel in town!
Some Lifeguard Towers Are As Attractive As The Lifeguards Themselves They got us wondering, what do lifeguard stands look like around the world? America seems to be the place where you'll find
Hot Deals on Winter Beach Escapes Winter arrived with a big snowy bang across much of America, which has many folks already pining for an escape to warmer climes. If your family is ready to trade the snow for some sunshine and sand, here are five tremendous deals at kid-friendly beach resorts to get you packing.
VisaMapper Is A Magical Map Where You Can See Which Countries Require Visas To Visit This might be the most brilliant thing a Reddit user has done in a while. Say you're from Afghanistan, though, and everything
The Other Carnaval in Brazil Few foreign tourists experience the folkloric festival in the northeastern Brazilian city of Recife, different from the stereotypical version in Rio with its glitter and bikinis and exotic headdress.
Ice Cream Man In Turkey Won't Give Innocent Guy His Cone, Insists On Performing Crazy Tricks The whole charade ends with a sloppy, double-cheeked, ice cream-tinged kiss between our two protagonists. So apparently this
The Best In Travel, 2013 Best Hotel, Europe JetBlue. You can't beat the extra legroom, free in-flight TV and newish planes. American Airlines' new
The 6 Best Places for 2014 What makes us quest to the reaches of the world? Glamour may not be the right word, but not because it is too overreaching; it is only insufficient. In short, we have selected the places herein simply because they open our eyes and make us wonder.
Cool Travel Advice Charles McCool acquired his travel smarts the old fashioned way
What Your Favorite Vacation Destination Says About You Each city, country and island has a pre-conceived reputation for drawing a certain type of traveler. We're here to perpetuate
Morocco -- A Chaotic Paradise (Part I) When I booked my trip to Morocco, I had only a few notions in mind
These Are The Craziest Places In The World Where You Can Get A Drink With some cats. Where
Ten Things I Love About Portland My husband and I came to Portland because that's where the jobs were at the time. Twenty years and two kids later, we are still here. There is no place like home.
Travel Gear \The weather can get a little rough at times,\ understates Craig Simson, Ski Patrol Director at Keystone Resort, Colorado, who begins each workday with a 7am briefing at the summit of Dercum Mountain.
Temecula The Temecula Valley was cattle country from the 1800s until the 1960s, and the area's Old West lifestyle is reflected in
Replicas Around The World That We Loved In 2013 Tianducheng, Hangzhou, China Another eerie, abandoned European replica in China, Tianducheng attempts to mimic all things
Ice Skating On The Eiffel Tower Is Yet Another Reason To Go To Paris In The Winter Back in the day (and by day we mean 2010) you could ice skate 188 feet above the ground on the first floor of the Eiffel
Instagram User Jan Pra\u017e\u00e1k Captures Unique Views Of Prague \I really enjoy the minimalist architecture, and Prague is filled with shapes and curves,\ Pra\u017e\u00e1k said. \I didn\u2019t study architecture
Kaupoa, Molokai Sweet potatoes were grown on farm sites in the area, and some remain even now. The kukkui trees dispel kalohe (rascal) spirits
6 Out-of-This-World Attractions for Space Cadets Are your kids fascinated by the miracle of flight? Whether they dream of piloting jets or rocketing into a galaxy far, far away, a circle tour of our dispersed fleet of retired space craft is a great place to foster their interest.
10 Unique Places to Celebrate New Years in 2014 This year, New Year's Eve is on a Tuesday. Instead of figuring out how to trick your boss into thinking you're alive on Wednesday morning, pull the cork out and send 2013 off properly by getting as far away from the office as possible.
Top 10 Backpacking Destinations for 2014 Whether you're into being a mere spectator, or looking to experience new sights and sounds, our list of Top 10 Backpacking Destinations for 2014 has a place to fit your broke-fancy.
4 Winter Deals at National Park Lodges National parks may be synonymous with the quintessential summer road trip, but there's a lot to be said for bringing the kids during the off-season, when prices are lower and crowds are thinner.
Resort Spas for Athletes A day at the spa is an undeniable luxury. But the benefits of a mineral soak, a deep-tissue massage or a reflexology session
Love Letters Bostonians still radiate awesomeness on all seven days of the week, though, even during their inevitable setbacks and now
These Beautiful Water Landscapes Will Totally Take Your Breath Away Great Blue Hole The Five Flower Lake in Jiuzhaigou Valley, China gets its beautiful colors from plant and mineral deposits
Florence Is Twinkling Florence, and indeed, each town and city around here, really dresses up at Christmas time. Florence decorates its street with cascades of twinkling white lights, and each street has a different kind of twinkling white lights, making a spectacular scene once darkness falls.
Hot Air Balloon In Cappadocia, Turkey On This Travel Tuesday Though there can obviously be good flying days in winter, April through October is generally considered the best ballooning
A Look Back At All The Vertigo-Inducing Spots We Saw This Year Aurland Lookout, Norway The Aurland Lookout dangles you over water and trees and offers sweeping mountaintop views. Trolltunga
10 Ways to Discover Santa Claus Around the World Santa Claus, Father Christmas, Papa Noel, Saint Nicholas -- whatever name you want to call the rotund man in the red suit, it's hard to deny the magnetic charms of everyone's favorite Christmas character.
Hotels Get Into the Holiday Spirit It's that time of year, again - time to take a look at how hotels are decorating for the holiday season. From designer trees
The Most Unique Christmas Traditions Around The World We've already taken a look at how some cultures stay calm during the craziness that is the holiday season, and now we're
Leave Santa Different Snacks While You're On Vacation Sure, our Santa loves a good sugar cookie and glass of 2%. But that's not going to keep him fueled in other countries this
Obama's Local Hawaii Vacation An island attraction for drinking-inclined tourists and locals, commercial sailing catamarans launch from Waikiki beach for
19 Things You'll Only Understand If You Studied Abroad 8. Every person in a hostel is a potential best friend. And sometimes they\u2019ll agree to travel with you for days or weeks
5 Epic Nude Runs That Will (Literally) Knock Your Socks Off Bay to Breakers, California The oldest consecutively-run annual footrace in the world is one of contradictions
7 Spectacular Hotel Breakfasts Breakfast is known as the most important meal of the day. But while its pragmatic benefits aren't lost on most, what of its
Santa's 2013 Travel Naughty/Nice List Reflecting on a year's worth of travel and assorted adventures, I thought \What would Santa do?\ Here's a quick, down and dirty 2013 Travel Naughty/Nice List.
Fun Facts About Santa's Annual Sleigh Ride Did you know that the average person spends approximately $759 on holiday travel while it costs Santa a whopping $0? (He
10 Lessons I Learned From Bicycling Across USA Beforehand, I was asking, \Would I need this item?\ (The answer is usually yes.) Now, with limited space, I ask, \Can I survive without this item?\ (The answer is usually yes, also.)
10 Greatest Travel Books of All Time Despite their differences in genre and style, these books all give an unforgettable sense of place -- whether that place is a small patch of ground, an entire continent, or just the wrinkles of the writer's mind.
Glamorous Cocktail Bars Around The World By Mark Ellwood Enjoying an artisanal cocktail in a sumptuous location is as much about the surrounding atmosphere as it
Your Weekly Travel Zen Where have you traveled for a moment of zen? Email travel@huffingtonpost.com with your travel zen or submit below! Holiday
5 Kid-Friendly New Year's Getaways While finding a fun, kid-friendly vibe on New Year's Eve can sometimes be a challenge, many hotels and resorts are offering special family-friendly celebrations complete with kids' menus and bedtime-friendly celebrations.
Why Your Travel Loyalty Shouldn't Be for Sale Maybe it's time to rethink what we mean by \loyalty.\ Maybe real loyalty, like trust, must be earned -- not coerced or bought.
Christmas In Hawaii 6. Your options for an afternoon nap will be a touch more scenic than your couch
These Cities May Be Small, But They Have Something To Brag About Can we give a round of applause to New Jersey for having not one, but two of their small cities make (and top!) the list
On to the Antarctic Plateau (Day 52) We woke up at six this morning to a suspiciously dimly-lit tent. Usually the bright glare and heat of the sun is plainly obvious on one side of the tent in the morning, but if it's not then it probably means there's a lot of cloud outside.
7 Reasons Not To Make A Bucket List 5. You'll miss out on spontaneous getaways. Bucket lists are not often cheap to complete. So if you're serious about your
7 Places You Should Only Go On The Shortest Day Of The Year Stop 3
Finding a Needle of Primary Jungle in Borneo's Haystack of Deforestation Development and deforestation behind us, enveloped by the lushness of primary jungle, we're romping along a dirt track when we start waltzing gently to port. Within minutes it's graduated to a raucous grinding and we're rock 'n' rolling.
Your \Holiday Travel With Family\ Survival Guide Let's face it -- travel can be stressful at the best of times. Add holiday hype, snow covered roads, airplane lines and kids who may have had a bit too much candy cane frosting and you have the makings of a travel Armageddon.
A French Chateau Rises Again When it was finished, Vaux-le-Comite was indeed a sight to behold, a lovely, Baroque chateau that became the birth place of the style known as the \jardin a la francaise.\  It was the perfect blending of architecture, landscaping and interior design.
The Ultimate Holiday Gift Guide to the Coolest Roadtripping Gadgets Whether you're struggling to find a road warrior the perfect gift, or you're just pondering what to snag when you return that crappy one, our guide has some of the coolest stuff for those who love the open road.
Away for the Holidays Timing a family vacation or much-needed couple time over the Christmas to New Year break can be a major stress reliever. The idea of trading host duties of cleaning, decorating, and cooking for a relaxing beach escape or a luxurious ski holiday is definitely a tempting thought.
Photos Of Presidents Looking Silly On Vacation Prove They're (Sorta) Just Like Us The Obamas will once again head to Hawaii for their annual holiday vacation on Friday. The First Family is expected to stay
4 Timeless Tips for Event Travelers Miami is a vibrant city with its own colorful palette. A New York or L.A. wardrobe stands out here as much as a Texas oil man on a white sand beach. And during Art Basel, one's garb is expected to be as artistic as the Picassos you're contemplating.
Rick Steves' European Christmas I am well-connected in the fairy-tale village of Gimmelwald. (We've been taking our tour groups here for 30 years.) My key
7 Mashup Global Travel Trends Unsatisfied, I took an even deeper look-see behind the curtain at some rather untraditional 21st century mashup travel metrics, that all point to an even bigger (and better) year for traveler's in 2014.
Real Life Version Of 'Blue Crush' Is Hawaii's Biggest Party Of The Year (VIDEO) Party on, friends. While the women's Pipe Masters isn't an annual event (major bummer), the men's competition is held every
First Time Renting a Vacation Home? 5 Things You Should Know Should you bring sheets? Do you need kitchen utensils and gadgets to cook family meals? You've heard stories of people getting scammed, so how do you make sure a property is \as advertised\?
Rick Steves' European Christmas Next on our Rick Steves' European Christmas itinerary was Italy. One of my favorite guides in all of Europe is Roberto Bechi
Rick Steves' European Christmas A wonderful tradition in Italy is churches and communities making creative manger scenes and putting them on display through
Obama's Life In Hawaii Where he was born... Kapiolani Medical Center, Honolulu, HI
13 Tips to Stay Safe Through Any Travel Emergency Far from home, in a foreign country, an emergency can leave us in dire circumstances -- and even be life-threatening. Thankfully, I've learned to not only survive but thrive in the face of misfortune. So here are 13 tips to stay safe through any travel emergency.
Abraham's Kitchen Many miss out on the deep cultural and social fabric of the Middle East. The spiritual heart of Urfa is buzzing with tranquility. On the streets I hear Kurdish and Arabic. But all signs are in Turkish. English is virtually absent.
Notes From Along India's Ganges River If you've come all this way, why not take a dip in the Ganges -- what's the worst that can happen?
Winter in the Windy City Summer's street fests and boat tours may be packed away for the season, but winter visitors are awarded with fewer crowds.
Santa Claus Meanwhile, another branch of the Santa Family tree was sprouting from an early Christian monk named St. Nicholas. It's believed
7 Frequent Flyers Far Worse Than Children I've logged 24,600 miles in air travel this year alone, half of those with my infant son (who slept peacefully like the little cherub he is). I'm here to set the record straight. It is too often the adults that act like babies.
How To Have A Hawaii Vacation Like The Obamas Pearl Harbor is an obvious stop for visitors to Hawaii, but the Punchbowl cemetery is a lesser known gem. Visiting a volcanic
Sustainable Luxury Travel Loving a place requires protecting it. And protecting it requires sustainable tourism.
5 Relaxing Ski Resorts To Retreat To This Winter Badrutt's Palace is the epitome of ski world luxury. The resort is all elite, all the time, from gourmet dining and the \Palace
11 of the Most Gorgeous Ski Resorts in Colorado You can't do much better than these gorgeous ski resorts. They embody everything a person wants out of a ski resort -- think handsome lodge decor, cozy apres-ski bars with roaring fires, sophisticated rooms, and first-rate services.
All the World Is a Stage There was one instance where I knew I had come dangerously close to crossing an invisible line. I innocently asked a question of the assembled tourists and international workers known as expatriates, or expats. The chill I felt was stunning, and I immediately realized what I had done.
New Apps and Websites That Will Change the Way You Travel in 2014 There are so many new apps and websites to help us micromanage every aspect of our travel. In compiling a best-of list, we wondered where to even begin! We tried to keep it simple
The Crumbling Elegance of Cuba Fidel's Cuba reminds me a bit of Neverland. A place hard to believe in and crumbling brick by brick till one day it disappears into a pile of fairy dust.
Love Letters Alas, as it turned out I returned only for visits, visits that always make me wonder if maybe we shouldn't just sell everything back in the lower 48 and stake out a new claim on your beautiful, rugged terrain.
10 Best Travel Products of 2013 Whether you're still looking for the perfect holiday gift or just rewarding yourself for surviving the season, you'll find inspiration with these 10 travel products that were rated the highest by our reviewers in 2013.
Rick Steves' European Christmas When we were making our Rick Steves' European Christmas special, we knew that filming an intimate family Christmas feast
Hyde Park and Poughkeepsie NY Hyde Park and its neighboring towns hold much in store for visitors, and for those who plan to spend a few days here, the following attractions should not be missed.
Eight Reasons to Get to New Zealand I headed to the South Island -- known for its mountains, snow, and glaciers -- having no idea what to expect. I just hoped I wouldn't have to dress nicely or wear makeup. I was right.
A Drinking Travel Guide For The Holiday Season 6. Pina Coladas at The Caribe Hilton Hotel, San Juan, Puerto Rico 5. Sidecars at Harry's Bar in Paris, France Ireland is
6 Questions With Noel Lanzas, Ritz-Carlton South Beach's Official Art Basel Ambassador Noel Lanzas is the Ritz's official Art Basel Ambassador and resident concierge. He is so knowledgeable and passionate about art in Miami that this title was created just for him. I was able to talk with him about Art Basel expectations and a few of his favorites featured artists.
9 Places Where Cat People Fit In Purrfectly Good news, feline-frenzied friends! There are places to which you can flee! If you reeeally love cats, then these places
Instagrammers Explore Real Life Middle Earth J.R.R. Tolkien's Middle Earth has captured imaginations for decades. And since his films came to life on the big screen, Middle
Great Getaways If you're looking for a fun, affordable Southern getaway, visit Savannah, where you'll find the perfect mix of Southern hospitality, nightlife, and enough action to satisfy every food lover and history buff.
Ski Apache-Style in Ruidoso, New Mexico New Mexico is an unlikely state for a ski trip. And Ruidoso isn't fancy. If Ruidoso were a shoe, it would be a Hush Puppy. No frills, but reliable and gets the job done.
Delta Adds More Flights To Get Football Fans To Bowl Games Delta Air Lines has a plan for college football fans. In early January, the airline will add extra nonstop service between
From Pre-Christmas Tree to O Tannenbaum Lutherans like to believe (wrongly, according to scholars) that Martin Luther, the 16th-century Protestant reformer, first
Riding With the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse in Greece This is where the end of time begins, where the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse first rode out of the starting gate, where the Seven Seals were opened and the Seven Angels sounded the Seven Trumpet blasts, where the blinding vision of Armageddon, final battle between good and evil, first burst forth.
Vienna Revisited Explore
Where to Go for Yoga and Ski If you're looking for the answer for where to go this spring for ski, sports, winter fun, history, and beauty, head to the Canadian Rockies to the Fairmont Chateau Lake Louise.
Virgin Falls State Natural Area (Finally) Officially Protected The state purchased the 1,157 acres of land in November of 2012 for a whopping $1.8 million dollars. Virgin Falls was just
Prepare to Hit the Best Slopes in America With This Winter Powder Guide There's nothing quite like the feeling of strapping on some skis, jumping on the lift, and taking a deep breath before you barrel down a mountain just a little faster than you're comfortable with.
The Healthiest And Unhealthiest Airline Food Air Canada's meals and snack boxes average 296.90 calories each, and the individual snacks 365 calories. Platkin notes that
Sophistication and Serenity on the Las Vegas Strip But what if you're a 30-something couple that now shies away from table dancing at Encore's XS? What is a homebody to do
Ultra Hot Luxury Winter Hideouts It's grey and blustery, sunlight is a rare treat and the sight of your own bare skin even rarer. This is definitely the time to fly to a hot hideaway.
It is Winter in Venice -- Vegas Style, Baby! Then I headed over to The Waterfall Gardens at The Palazzo for their fabulous fantasy display. Their horticulturists have managed to create an amazing scene, complete with ice branches, glittering trees, and hand-crafted peacock statues.
Our Girl in Havana Some people assume the strictures of the socialist regime in Cuba suppress any form of expression until only a bland diet of state-sanctioned work remains. This couldn't be further from the truth.
The World's Best New Year's Celebrations Confetti, champagne, and countdowns are all standard New Year's fare. But some cities take the celebration a step further, offering epic parties, impressive fireworks displays, and stunning lightshows that continue well into the early morning.
Where To Avoid The Holidays Altogether Ah, the holidays. The time for gifts, the time for drinking, the time for family. But what if you're just OVER it? What if
The Ritz-Carlton, Naples Design and innovation always compel my travel plans and this was trip was no exception. I'm usually more of a boutique kind of girl, but after touring around the property I was forced to reconsider.
The Ridiculous Hotel Package That Comes With a Diamond Ring We're always intrigued by over-the-top luxury -- $1,954 hotel dinners, $500 spiked milkshakes -- but this latest offering by The New York Palace Hotel takes it to a whole other level.
The Hobbit's Ultimate Guide to New Zealand While filming, many of the cast expressed concerns that viewers would think the landscape was fake. How, they argued, could moviegoers believe that such stunning scenery is real? Where in the world do thundering waterfalls, turquoise lakes, volcanic pinnacles, and alpine glaciers all occupy a terrain with hardly any people?
Endless Summer You don't need to splurge on a trip to the Caribbean to spend time on the beach this winter. These four U.S. islands have the sandy shores, seafood shacks, and sunny skies that will have you thinking it's summer -- even when there's snow on the ground back home.
Places Where American Tourists Behave Badly Thailand There's all kinds of fun to be had in Thailand that's way off limits in America. There's debauchery of all kinds
Visiting North Korea and Vietnam Their ages ranged from 6 to 76, and were representative of the people killed 45 years ago. A teenaged girl who spoke English approached me and asked where I was from. Considering where I was standing I hesitated and said, \America.\
Wandering Between Sacred Foxes and Abraham Rings of huge T-shaped pillars up to six meters tall were constructed inside and on top of one another; they feature larger
Your Weekly Travel Zen For this week's travel zen, we're taking you to South Africa, in honor of Nelson Mandela. With gorgeous beaches, diverse
14 Destinations For Your 2014 Travel Bucket List Ikaria, Greece A Greek island in the Aegean Sea, Ikaria has a rich history and even richer natural wonders. In Greek mythology
Do Travel Companies Underestimate Us? (POLL) Underestimating your customer -- that seems to be a time-honored tradition in American business, and particularly in the travel industry. How dumb do they think we are?
Walking Towards the Sun God We venture into the Tektek Mountains, a curious title for a desert landscape of nomads, desolate temples and ruins of empires long past. But no mountains. We are in the midst of a seven day walk-and-talk journey with seven friends exploring the Abraham Path in southeastern Turkey.
11 Insane Bungee, Cliff, And BASE Jumps You Should NOT Attempt in 2014 8. La Quebrada in Acapulco, Mexico Divers must have perfect timing to survive this jump, as the ocean only opens to a safe
Salina Turda Salt Mine Sounds Boring But Is Really An Amazing Attraction Be sure to dress warmly though, because the mine averages a temperature of 50-55\u02daF with 80% humidity. It's Christmas at the
If You're Looking For Something Crazy To Do In Europe, Here's Your Ultimate Plan Not to sound ungrateful to the gods of culture, but once you've seen one museum, you sometimes feel like you've seen them
Top 10 Things to Do in Paris at Christmas Pastries, Pastries, Pastries Indulge yourself with a b\u00fbche de No\u00ebl (yule log) from the oldest p\u00e2tisserie in Paris. One day
A Journey Through Namibia Namibia is very involved in protecting and conserving all of its animals so this was in keeping with its objectives.  When we heard the lioness roaring near our rooms, we knew that we were lucky.
International Data Plans Compared Explore more infographics like this one on the web's largest information design community - Visually. However, that last
10 Most Awe-Inspiring Caves The natural world can be pretty spectacular, but what we see on the surface isn't even the half of it.
Rick Steves' European Christmas Leaving the tranquility of the English countryside behind, London offers Christmas fun fit for a queen and streets twinkling
Rick Steves' European Christmas In writing the Rick Steves' European Christmas script, I had to choose which countries would \make the cut.\ I could fit
New Travel Trend To the good woman who spent her entire Hawaiian vacation glued to her iPad watching Scandal
You Can Be A Real Life Castaway Travel company Docastway will send you to a remote island where you will be left to fend for an experience where where luxury
Sicily at a Glance In the middle of the Mediterranean, there is a lush utopia of chaos and charm that I like to call my secret escape
Top 10 Locations On Instagram In 2013 5. Walt Disney World, Florida Smartphones have revolutionized the way we travel. No vacation is complete these days without
A Guide To California's Napa Valley Hopefully, you've rented a convertible and can take advantage of the warm, sunny days for a spin through the valley. The
Europe's 10 Best Christmas Markets 9. Bruges, Belgium In prior lists, we've featured Brussels as our Belgian Christmas Market stop, but the city of Bruges was
3 Charming and Affordable European Cities You Haven't Visited Yet Anybody visiting a city from which both J.R.R. Tolkien and Ozzy Osbourne sprang should be prepared for a dose of cognitive dissonance, and Birmingham (or \Brum,\ as it's affectionately known in the U.K.) delivers.
Why Has the FAA and FCC Been Lying to Us About Cell Phones on Planes? For more than 22 years the FAA and the FCC have essentially feeding us an urban myth that cell phone use would crash planes. Who could question passenger safety?
Photographer Anthony Tortoriello Captures Pipeline From Above It\u2019s also a favorite for surfers and spectators. The enormous barrel the wave creates inspired the name Pipe, and some of
Slow Boat to Moscow I recently cruised the Viking Waterways of the Czars excursion from St. Petersburg, Russia to Moscow on this, the largest fleet of river vessels in the world.
7 Two-Faced Places Where Winter Is Just As Awesome As Summer Miami Beach, Florida Miami is physically, fashionably, and culturally HOT in summer, but you'll cool off easily on an airboat
EcoTravel Tips Luckily, the tourism industry has adapted to this need for change and responders are creating increasing opportunities for individuals to discover new places, while keeping in mind the needs of the land and the animals that inhabit it.
72 Hours in Dubai Dubai may be known for skyscrapers, shopping and fine dining, but there is a little something for everyone.
Best Budget Destinations for 2014 Dipping hotel rates, new attractions, and some perennially affordable sights and eats make these five cities ideal to consider for your travel itinerary this year.
Holiday Events In and Around Washington, DC The holiday season is a great time for families to explore the Mid-Atlantic.  From free concerts in Washington, D.C. to a boat parade on the Chesapeake Bay, these events deliver a month of magic.
This Holiday Season, Commit to Being a Smart Driver The holiday season is upon us, and so is an influx of drivers on America's roads. And while the headaches of holiday traffic are well-documented in popular culture the dangers of holiday driving are no laughing matter.
St. Petersburg, Russia Is A Winter Instagram Wonderland For example, here's the Palace Square, a gathering place near the Winter Palace of the Russian tsars. It's utterly #beautiful
Worst Tourist Habits According To Hawaii Locals Locals, it seems, are happy to welcome visitors that want to experience the beauty of the islands and its people, just as
Foggy London Is Really, Really Creeptastically Beautiful Now you have to get all foggy--just like the song!--which, OK, causes flight delays and cancelations but, oh, how pretty
Rosa's Cantina -- One of the Most Famous Bars in the World (Though You Wouldn't Know It) The place is not touristy. It's not pretentious. It has absorbed its fame and moved on. It's more a Robert De Niro than a Justin Bieber -- it knows stardom and is okay with it.
Love Letters I love you to pieces; each and every beautiful, contradictory and challenging piece. You are your own collage of culture, contrast, and humanity; a medley of different worlds around you.
10 More Safari Surprises Each day, safari jeeps make the climb up along the rim and descend down into the Ngorongoro Crater to observe this unique collection of Mother Nature's wonders. This is what we found on just one day's safari from The Manor at Ngorongoro.
Modern Airport Luxury On any travel day, you're on edge. Whether it's due to the anxiety of flying and goodbyes or dreading the processes and long
In the Footsteps of Robinson Crusoe Some 415 miles off the coast of Chile, accessible in 2\u00bd hours by small plane, or in 2\u00bd days by monthly supply ship, lies the island generally recognized as the source of Daniel Defoe's famous novel, even if he transposed it to the Caribbean and mightily changed its topography.
If You're Scared of Ghosts (Like I Am!), This Might Be Too Creepy for You When a historic attraction has been featured on a show called Most Haunted and gets its own WikiHow entry for \How to Survive a Trip to Mary King's Close,\ you're guaranteed a pretty spooky experience.
Chilean Chronicles, Part 11 The Pulitzer Center on Crisis Reporting supported this story. They've been drinking, he said. If I had stayed home, I would
The Bourbon Orleans They're very proud of their ghosts in NOLA, and I saw charming signs throughout the French Quarter hung on real estate shingles
The Heartbeat of a Nation Here is the link of the digital version of an article that was published in yesterday\u00b4s El Pais Semanal Magazine in Spain
Hotel Deals for Restaurant Weeks Nationwide Atlanta - Buckhead (March 17-25)
Top Hotel Chains For Cheaters, According To AshleyMadison.com According to dating website AshleyMadison.com (which is a dating site for individuals who are already in relationships), those
Rick Steves' European Christmas Writing the Rick Steves' European Christmas script was a fun challenge, and I needed to tap my Europeans friends not just
Kobe Luminarie Illuminates At Japan Festival Christmas lights have been hung around the world, but few displays rival the stunning light show at Kobe Luminarie. The December
Five Common Myths About Belize Busted Scrap your preconceived ideas of this petite little country, smushed between Guatemala, Mexico and the Caribbean Sea.
World's Best Hot Chocolate If you live in a place that gets pretty cold in winter, take heart
5 Island Resorts You Didn't Know You Wanted to Visit For those of you thinking about where to find a little barefoot luxury in 2014, here are five places to dream about.
The Errol Flynn Dance of a Pecan Picker Earlier in the night he told me he was going to spend this time \with a white woman.\ I heard him on the phone telling someone
Holiday Vacation Hacks To Keep You Sane 2) Set aside some time to \work\ 5) Schedule a detox day If the work excuse doesn't work on your family, book yourself some
Chilean Chronicles, Part 9 Imagine that you're in Santiago, Chile in 1973.
Grand European River Cruise Sometimes we followed guides, and other times we let our feet and eyes lead us. We imbibed information and then basked in the inner glow of connection and feeling.
10 Best Honeymoon Destinations in Africa From a candle-lit desert oasis to a dreamy tropical archipelago, here are the 10 best honeymoon destinations in Africa.
A Dinosaur? In Paris? Now? The work of art is sitting, or rather spread, on the landing dock of the boat company that offers river trips to tourists
Sofia, Bulgaria Sofia is a charming city of cobblestones, religion, and small nesting dolls. Below is Alexsander Nevsky Cathedral, one of
How To Spot A New Yorker So you're visiting New York. Congratulations! It's the most wonderful time and the most crowded time of the year here. There
Rick Steves' European Christmas While each European country gives Christmas its own special twist, they all follow the same story of how the son of God was
The Best Cruises of 2014 The cruise industry has taken a publicity hit in recent years following some high-profile accidents and ship malfunctions. The subsequent media frenzy has left a lot of travelers wondering whether taking a cruise is a smart idea.
Airport Amenities That Make Everything Better These days, flying is almost irredeemably difficult. From baggage fees to security lines, even the most zen flyer can experience Travel Stress at Airports (TSA). Luckily, there is a prescription.
Strange and Funny Bathroom Signs From Around the World Loo, john, latrine, oval office, outhouse, W.C., throne room -- whatever you call it, it's a place we all have to visit sometime, no matter where we are in the world. But while the experience is universal, the way we label the space varies greatly.
The Best Cruise for You While cross-comparing cruises, don't be too quick to dismiss a specific company based on its reputation.
10 U.S. Destinations You Should Visit In 2014 There's something for all - beachcombers, nature lovers, beer aficionados, history buffs, road trippers, dice rollers - from every corner of the land. Whether quietly emerging destinations or perennial favorites, these places have new or timely angles that make them prime for visiting in 2014.
The Weird World of Airline Crew Crashpads There is nothing so quintessentially \crew life\ as a crashpad. They make our commuting life possible. You hear flight attendants and pilots say it a lot
Baltimore, MD Here are 10 quirky, unsung places in Baltimore you may have missed on your first visit.
Ben Voogd During my travels, I meet a lot of associates around the world. I'm often impressed not just by how well they serve our guests
Are More Nonsense Travel Fees Coming in 2014? (POLL) Something tells me I'll be hearing from a lot more consumers who are slammed by microjunk fees in 2014. Mind the little things next year, or you could be among them.
15 Maui Adventures That Will Keep You Active, Happy ... And Shark-Bite Free RIDE
The Magic of the American Southwest To the desert go prophets and hermits; through deserts go pilgrims and exiles. Here the leaders of the great religions have sought the therapeutic and spiritual values of retreat.
Inside Argentina's Black Market In 2002, there was a run on the banks where everyone tried to withdraw their savings at the same time. This exacerbated the country's economic issues, causing the government and banks to put restrictions on how much residents could withdraw.
Five Great Cabin Getaways for Fall This fall, we decided to round up our very favorites and created the ultimate getaway guide. Here are five on my own travel wish list -- from the Big Sur coast to the Joshua Tree desert.
Cape Town, South Africa:Travel Tips From a Local Global Yodel caught up with Cape Town local Anthea Hartzenberg and asked her about life in South Africa.
Autumn and Winter Inspiration for Days Out With the Family They grew up in a parsonage in a small Yorkshire village called Haworth. This has been converted into the Bront\u00eb museum and contains some of the most important relics left behind by the sisters.
How to Live in Paradise for Less Than $1,500 a Month First off, there is a HUGE difference between being on vacation and living abroad. That image you have of sitting around on a beach chair all day with a coconut drink in your hand at a luxurious resort?
Skiing With an Olympian at Whistler-Blackcomb This kind of alpine atmospheric pea soup can disorient even the most confident of skiers. But this time I know I'll make it down in one piece because I'm skiing with an Olympian.
The Magical Colors of Cartagena de Indias Radiating from the square, the labyrinthine streets and alleyways of the Old City are lined with resuscitated colonial era mansions, their walls and wooden balconies painted pastel shades of sky blue, lemon yellow, lime green and burgundy.
A Mind-Bending Trip Around (Some Of) America's Most Famous Sites Want to take a trip across America without actually leaving your seat? Leave it to Reuben Wu, a Chicago-based photographer
If Everyone In These Countries Were This Attractive You'd Want To Go There Too China
Get \Rio Ready\ for New Year's 2014 It goes without saying that some of the most beautiful people in the world will be partying in Brazil. For New Year's parties, make sure that you stand out in a good way and start the New Year out right.
Abraham Lake Is Frickin' Beautiful When It's Frozen And You Can Walk On It Here's what it looks like when it flows. Such a wonder. The bubbles are methane gas, which is released when plants and animals
First Night on the Beardmore Glacier, Antarctica (Day 39) Getting to the top, and seeing what lay on the other side, is a moment I'll remember and treasure for the rest of my life.
Richmond, Va. Yes, Richmond's got broken storefronts and skeptical suburbanites, but there's a vibrant, youthful, Brooklyn-before-it-got-upscale vibe here, and it's worth at least a few days to explore.
The Vine Bridges In Japan Will Totally Reinvent How You Think Of Bridges Check them out. The bridges, which are believed to have been originally constructed in the 12th century, span 148-feet over
Fotheringhay for Richard III St Mary and All Saints's is a humble enough attraction to accommodate for Richard's infamy, yet grand enough to house the
Patagonia Parks What happens when you have two equally gorgeous parks in one of the most picturesque places on the globe, but can only choose one?
Find. Eat. Drink.'s Chefs' Guide to Grand Cayman Restaurants From upscale celebrity chef-driven restaurants to Caribbean shacks with chickens running around, check out our Find. Eat
7 Reasons to Visit Miami This Winter You've got four long months of bitter chill ahead of you and you've probably already lost a mitten. Now's the perfect time to review the seven reasons you should be taking a tropical time-out to Miami immediately.
Chilean Chronicles, Part 10 Pamela snuck out of the house where she was staying and caught the 6:00 a.m. bus-the only one that was available for the
10 Outdoor Ice Rinks In The US You'll Want To Skate Curry Village, Yosemite Immerse yourself with nature at the Curry Village ice rink in Yosemite National Park. If ice-skating
The 13 Biggest Airport Fails, As Told By Tweets 2. Unwrap those pesky skincare products you bought in Iceland. 8. Overserve yourself. 5. Wear a ponytail. 11. Forget your
Weeki Wachee Is The Amazing Place Where Mermaids Rule The American Broadcasting Company bought Weeki Wachee in 1959; this is described as the park's \heyday\ in the New York Times
Your Weekly Travel Zen This week's Moment of Travel Zen comes to us from Alessandro Tomassetti. Of his trip to Argentina he says
21 Travel Resolutions To Make For 2015 Take better pictures...and create better keepsakes of the moments. Vow to learn a little. Use all your vacation days and
8 Things I Learned In The South Fried okra is a vegetable. ...and so are fried onions.
Have You Ever Wanted To Chuck It All and Start Over? Deciding a major shake-up of our lives was necessary to heal from the breakdown of our family, we turned to our longstanding passion for travel. So we chucked it all to travel around the world for a year. What would we do when we returned? We had no idea.
Litter from Indonesia -- Rubble in Paradise Garbage breeds everywhere -- old sneakers, crushed beer cans, plastic bottles, broken glass and plastic household items defile the ought-to-be pristine shores.
6 Up-And-Coming Global Destinations, According To Trip Advisor You don't need to be a fan of the \Lord of the Rings\ trilogy to fall in love with New Zealand. Christchurch is known as
Glamping In Hawaii The Boat Why
5 Mind-Blowing Natural Sinkholes Around the World Ancient Mayans gave cenotes their name and thought the formations worthy of praise and sacrifice. Filled with ground-filtered rain water, the naturally formed pools of cenotes are super clean and clear, but also scrotum scrunchingly cold.
13 Adventurous Hiking Tales From the inaugural Storytelling Theme on Maptia, we bring you the inspiring tales of thirteen mountainous adventures from all over the world. You can see them laid out on the map below.
Sleep Underwater in Baltimore Visitors to the city almost always find their way to the Inner Harbor to stroll, dine and cruise along the waterfront. Recently, two innovative programs at the Inner Harbor have made it possible to explore the waterfront in a whole new way -- by spending the night under the water.
Back Road Travels In my automobile adventures with my camera and two dogs by my side, I've discovered some remarkable back road routes that steer clear of tourists, but none is quite like the one I'm about to share with you.
6 Ways to Get On New York's Sh*t List Should you ever feel like agitating one of the world's most anxiety-ridden populations, we've got a few sure fire ways to get New Yorkers' blood boiling.
Kindness One Here was a woman who epitomized what I was trying to infuse into my journey
Why It's Great to Be Washed Out In Galveston We hadn't seen anything like it since a hurricane almost swept our car off the road in upstate New York a few years ago. Ah, so this is September on the Gulf Coast?
The Seattle Coffee Crawl With Kids! My friends, you don't want to see the \before\ and \after\ images. So instead, we're showing you pictures of the kids, enjoying their alternate coffee crawl. Theirs involved muffins, scones and donuts -- the pastry crawl, if you will.
Expat Recovery Room Sixty miles east of Bodrum, in the upper Marsyas valley, yet another ancient metropolis is shedding more than a millennium of earth and sparkling in the sun again -- Stratonikeia.
Jaisalmer India can be a scary place. Especially when you book a flight without doing your research.
Five Noteworthy Travel Trends of 2013 While many people are choosing traditional vacations, more and more travelers are taking advantage of new ways to explore the world.
Perfect Gifts for Your Favorite Travelers For more intel about a humorous \faux\ haute couture tote for your teacup dog, a great idea for the NYC history buff who has everything, the perfect travel pants for high-crime cities, and a wardrobe extender that adds class to your cleavage, read on.
SFO Joins Other Airports In Welcoming Therapy Dogs To Relieve Stressed Holiday Travelers Canine lovers, you might want to arrange your next travel layover for San Francisco. Starting this month, the city\u2019s airport
The Sharjah International Book Fair For the past 32 years the Sharjah International Book Fair (SIBF) has brought together authors, publishers, families and literary enthusiasts.
Best Travel Gifts (PHOTOS) We may not be able to give the gift of exotic trips to all of the special people in our lives this holiday season. But helping them savor travel memories and plan for a future trip is definitely in the budget.
5 Trips To Book After A Breakup After all, no one ever said a broken heart would be easy, but it doesn't have to be boring. And while the thought of being
Experience Travel We were from opposite sides of the world and strangers who could hardly speak a word of each other's language. Yet for those six days, she treated me with a mother's love and tenacity, as if I were her daughter.
Visiting the Caucasus Georgia, Armenia and Azerbaijan seem to be well-kept secrets from many Western travelers. With a fascinating history, a plethora of attractions and relatively low prices, the region shouldn't stay a secret for long.
10 Rising Star Travel Destinations 2014 These ten destinations are set to become a million times more exciting in 2014.  Start shopping for tickets, before everyone else finds out.
Dec. 19 Will Be The Busiest Travel Day Of 2014. Here's How To Deal. Thou shalt eat wisely -- in and out of the airport. Some 45 million people are expected to travel in the short, 19-day window
Our Travel Budget Is Out of Proportion to Our Income, and We're Okay With That When Darrell and I were newlyweds it was difficult for me to get used to how unhappy he almost always was at what things cost. It was difficult for him to get used to how unhappy I was at how unhappy he was.
Pay More, Get More? In Travel, That's Unconventional Advice \You don't have to splurge, just take one step up, and I think you'll find a world of difference.\
15 Awesome Ways to Experience Art in Miami (PHOTOS) Wynwood, one of Miami's historically troubled neighborhoods, is now an art destination. The area's transformation can be credited in large part to developer Tony Goldman. His idea was simple
Santa Claus' Hometown In Rovaniemi, Finland Is As Magical As You Imagined It Would Be There's an actual Santa who reads letters from all the girls and boys at a desk. Join us, won't you, for a little Santa fun
Navigating Through Immigration To avoid this stress, as a holiday traveler, it is your duty to prepare yourself for the inevitable immigration process.
7 Unfinished Landmarks Around The World 7) Ryugyong Hotel, North Korea Pyongyang's pyramid-shaped skyscraper has been under construction since 1987. In 1992, construction
Deck the Halls Whenever I am able to spend a bit of time in a European city over the holidays, I make a point to learn more about the traditions unique to the area.
Hunger Games in Hawaii Trivago has compiled a list of ten of the top luxury dwellings in the Hawaiian islands. You're likely to ogle over them, with or without Jennifer Lawrence.
20+ Awesome Presents for Travelers, From Cheap to Chic Unless you're willing to hand over your own hard-earned airline miles, diehard travelers can be impossible to shop for
Where to Go in December With the holiday season under way and Christmas and the New Year just around the corner, December is the perfect time to dust off your passport and celebrate in style.
5 Incredible Grand Tours You Can Actually Afford Sometimes a one-week vacation just isn't enough, especially when you wake up the last morning of your trip and don't want to leave yet -- it's too soon, and you've just begun to discover what makes your destination so special.
10 Most Popular Cities To Visit In 2014, According To StumbleUpon Users (UPDATE) Editor's Note
5 Pieces of Advice for Volunteering Internationally There is a lot to do to prepare for a successful experience. In honor of International Volunteer Day, and in an effort to develop more impactful partnerships, I offer these five pieces of advice to Americans planning to volunteer internationally.
Celebrate Repeal Day at One of the Nation's Best Historic Speakeasies It's been 80 years since Utah swung the three quarters majority and prohibition laws were repealed in the U.S. On that day it became every American's right to get good and drunk whenever they saw fit.
Been There. Done That. What's Next? 8 Truly Novel Travel Ideas for 2014 For jaded travelers and adrenaline junkies alike that have supposedly done everything and have nothing left on their bucket list, may I humbly suggest these eight truly novel travel ideas for 2014.
Greece's Comeback Year Affordable summer prices have attracted global tourists as well as A-list celebrities such as Madonna, Tom Hanks and Sarah
To Spy in Lisbon Stays in the city inspired authors such as Graham Greene and Ian Fleming to write some of the best espionage tales of the last century, from Our Man in Havana to the first of the 007 series, Casino Royale.
Bavaria's Neuschwanstein Castle Is A Fairy Tale Dream Come True Called the Neuschwanstein Castle, the magnificent 19th century palace was built as a private retreat for \u201cmad\u201d King Ludwig
Travel Perks When You're 50 or Over Feeling down in the dumps about an approaching milestone birthday? It may buoy your spirits to know you may now be eligible for a spate of age-related \senior\ travel discounts and perks, ranging from A to Z (Airlines to Zoos).
Consonno, Italy's Abandoned Las Vegas-Style Town But in 1976, a few years into construction, a landslide wiped out the only road into town...as well as Bagno's wacky dream
Harbor Sweets Is Celebrating 40 Years of Chocolate-Making The chocolate that started the company, the iconic Sweet Sloop, is still going strong. It's an almond butter crunch sailboat with a white chocolate jib floating on dark chocolate and a pecan spindrift washing its sides. The small factory can churn out 28,000 a day. Isn't that sweet?
Where To Go This Winter Winter vacations don't always have to be synonymous with overeating and obnoxious relatives (but even if they are, you certainly deserve another trip that's all about you).
11 Things You Didn't Know About Dubai About 85% of Dubai\u2019s residents are foreigners. It\u2019s never not hot in Dubai. The average summer temperature is 104 degrees
4 Places to Go Before You Have Kids These are not babymoons, per se, which are best spent relaxing on the beach. These four places are where you'll want to be on your own schedule to get adventurous, sample the local wines, and stay up into the wee hours.
Who Is the Most Interesting Person You've Ever Sat Next To? With 25 years as a product evangelist, including travelling around the world for hundreds and hundreds of user group meeting
Holiday Must-See Like many other central European cities, Budapest sees dozens of Christmas markets spring up during the holiday season. Now, more than ever, you'll find many of them supporting local designers and craftspeople, thanks to the city's blossoming creative industry.
You Can Swim With Adorable Pigs In The Bahamas Because Why Not (VIDEO) You might have thought about swimming with dolphins, fish, even maybe sharks, but wild pigs? When pictures circulated on
Christmas Markets That Renew Your Love For The Holidays Cologne, Germany Strasbourg, France Lille, France Berlin Nuremberg, Germany Feast your eyes... Manchester, England Bath, England
Elan Gale's Viral Airplane Twitter Fight May Have Been A Hoax Here is Diana sitting in a chair pic.twitter.com/OE5q7j8dhr \u2014 elan gale (@theyearofelan) December 3, 2013 The saga began
23 Places You'd Rather Be Right Now By now you've flown home, stuffed your face with carbs and tryptophan, and probably crossed off half your holiday shopping list (overachiever!). We think you deserve a vacation after this long weekend. Let us provide some inspiration...
Destinations to Watch in 2014 We see dazzling skyscraper debuts, earthshaking sports events, and royal coronations in your future. We're not psychic. But we can predict where packs of travelers might be heading to next
10 Travel Apps to Give this Season Don't be a skinflint by gifting free apps. Splurge on these hot little numbers instead. Most are actually quite affordable, and they give value far beyond the holidays. Here are 10 great apps that help even the most fumbling traveler become a sleek adventurer.
6 Reasons to Hike Zion National Park Source
Why Travel Makes You An Awesome Person Travel makes people better people. When you learn more about the world and the people in it, push your boundaries, and try new things, you become a more open, outgoing, and awesome person.
Do Americans Just Travel Wrong? Part II Obviously, travel is exceedingly personal; everything is relative, and everyone travels for different reasons. There cannot be a one-size-fits-all approach; there are exceptions to every rule. Indeed, there is no right way to travel, but maybe there are a few wrong ways.
Lost in Dublin (VIDEO) Because I only had a very brief amount of time in the Irish capital, I decided to try something new -- ambush total strangers and see if someone might be my local guide.
Southwest Montana And The Rivers That Run Through It If one is a fan of this film and a trip through Montana is in the future, it would be a shame not to revisit some the filming locations. On our recent trip through the Montana Rocky Mountains we did just that.
10 Reasons Why Jordan Is So Much More Than Petra Maybe you've seen Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade as he travels on horse to reveal Petra's Treasury carved out of its rock surroundings. In some ways this was Petra's unveiling to the world, and perhaps Jordan's unveiling as a tourist destination.
10 Destinations On The Rise, According To TripAdvisor We never really can get sick of people telling us where to go next. The advice is always varied and gives the inner traveler
Christmas in Tokyo Traveling to Tokyo this December? Don't worry about missing out on holiday cheer. Japanese have embraced, if not the spirit, at least the traditions of the holidays with typical enthusiasm.
Delta Flies University Of Florida Basketball Team, Bumps Regular Passengers (VIDEO) Having your flight canceled is always a bummer. But what about when that cancellation can't be blamed on stormy weather or
15 Festivals To Attend Before You Die Throwing tomatoes and watching balloon races aren't your standard, everyday activities. But every year, visitors gather in different locations around the world to participate in festivals ranging from spiritual to lighthearted.
Getting Tipsy and Filling Up in Sonoma, California (VIDEO) Sonoma. Just the word alone makes you think of smooth wines, rolling hills and California sun-drenched air. All these things are indeed true, but what I didn't realize is that there's even more to see and especially to EAT in this idyllic countryside.
Europe by Train I already had an affinity for trains
Take A (Virtual) Post-Holiday Detox At Budapest's Szechenyi Thermal Baths Until next time... In case the idea of lounging around with hundreds of your favorite strangers sounds appealing, may we
5 Places Not to be Missed in a Lifetime In this post, I'm going to reveal the five destinations I'd love to visit, or re-visit, before I die.
Where To Travel Based On Your Personality Type The Chill Traveler Chill Travelers are cheerful, low key individuals who often have a talent for the arts. They may be introverted
Rare Grand Canyon Fog Makes An Incredible Once-In-A-Lifetime View The cause? A rare temperature inversion, where hot air from above presses down to trap cold air -- along with pollution and
London As Londoner's Do (INFOGRAPHIC) As it were, a lot of other people do, too, including the folks behind the blog London Is The Reason. They compiled a list
5 Active Workouts in Saint Lucia The island's rugged natural landscape, diverse eco-systems and crystal-blue waters offer a huge list of options for the adventurous travelers.
The Eiffel Tower Replica In Slobozia, Romania Is Especially Awesome But that's not all there is to see in Slobozia. The saltwater Lake Amara, which has healing muds and waters, is the main
Now This Is A Bridge We'd Like To Cross Enter the \Mobius\ bridge that's proposed for the Dragon King Harbor River development in Changsha, China. The Dutch firm
10 Reasons You Should Take A Gap Year 10. You\u2019ll make new friends. How cool would it be to go through life knowing you have a best friend in Italy or a pen pal
Riomaggiore, Italy Is The Most Beautiful Place In The World Right Now You've heard of the Cinque Terre, those five Italian fishing villages that tourists often hike through one at a time. The
6 Ways Hawaii Will Absolutely Ruin Your Life Forever 6. Eventually (after you've finally made the big move), your family and friends will hate you Below, the 6 reasons you should
Where to Get Your Favorite Holiday Drinks Festive drinks have been around for centuries. For hundreds of years people in different cultures throughout the world have spent an extra amount of effort and time to create special, seasonal drinks only consumed during the winter months and around the holidays.
10 Best Solo Escapes This Winter Traveling alone as an outdoor lover has its own unique set of requirements. Whether you are traveling to an isolated location to quiet your soul or plan to join in outdoor activities with others, the key to a successful solo vacation is knowing what you want to experience and finding the spot that comfortably meets those needs.
5 Winter Wonderland Getaways With Kids Are you longing for a place where sleigh bells ring and snow glistens? Nothing puts the ho-ho-ho in the holiday season faster than a family getaway with a winter wonderland vibe, and you don't necessarily have to head up north to find it.
Why Not to Spend Thanksgiving on a Bus About two hours into the drive, the bus pulls over onto the side of the highway and the driver explains what has happened.
A\u00eft Benhaddou, Setting Of 'Gladiator,' Is Your New Favorite Wintertime Destination The most famous of ksars is called A\u00eft Benhaddou-- it was dubbed a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1987 because it is \a striking
This Is The Place To Be If You're Sick Of Everything The all-inclusive 9-acre private island resort is really far removed from basically everything. Guests fly into Papeete, Tahiti
Classic Surf Cars From Around The World This is a mid-70's Australian Ford Falcon which Australian Surfing Life Magazine purchased, then sprayed \Operation Tubequest
10 Towns That Go Big For Christmas A ride on the Polar Express Lincoln and North Conway, New Hampshire The magical children's book comes to life at two New
Annoying Airplane Passenger Thinks She's The Only One Who Celebrates Thanksgiving (PHOTOS, TWEETS) I have landed in Phoenix. No sight of authorities yet \u2014 elan gale (@theyearofelan) November 28, 2013 It took place on Thanksgiving
Want to Travel Smarter? Try Mass Transit \Take advantage of surface transportation systems -- trains, streetcars, and buses,\ she says. Why? Because it's often not only the fastest way to get from point \A\ to point \B\ but it's also the best way to learn about a place.
5 Hotels To Literally Be Surrounded By Nature Marataba Safari Lodge, South Africa If camping isn't your cup of tea, these gorgeous hotels will let you experience both
Maui Video Will Transport You To A Dreamy Oasis In Just Five Minutes With the holiday madness about to descend upon us, we wanted to give you a quick escape to the balmy island of Maui. Maui
Jeff Friesen's '50 States Of Lego' Project Takes You Across America Kansas \There\u2019s no place like home, but if your home is frequently blown aloft it helps to wear a parachute indoors.\ Nebraska
Black Friday Travel Deals Skip the long, cold lines of big box stores this Black Friday
Fake Venices In China, Korea Prove That Venice Is One Of Everyone's Favorite Cities Venice, Italy is pure majesty-- the tiny waterfront town is an exquisite series of 118 small islands, all woven together
Cheorwan The train -- which was bombed by American forces -- is enclosed by a fence adorned with messages of hope.  As I took a walk around the site, I became teary-eyed by some of them obviously written by children. \Let's play together when we are united,\ one of them read.
7 Insider Tips for Seamless Holiday Travel It's here. The holiday season. Traveling isn't for the faint of heart, especially at this time of year when airports are full of people trying to take their well-deserved vacations, and winter weather can throw a wrench in the works.
Learning About Grapes and History in the Champagne Region Near Paris I always knew champagne was for celebrations but until now, I didn't know why or appreciate how much effort -- how much sweat, tears and family history -- it takes to create that bottle of bubbles.
Marriage of the Minds at Airport Anniversary Stay When an aviation geek says, \Let's go somewhere where we can watch airplanes take off all day\, and the non aviation geek partner says, \Yeah, let's do that\, the couple is probably headed to the Hangar Hotel at Gillespie County Airport in Fredricksburg, Texas.
A Word Is Worth a Thousand Pictures As much as I wanted to hang on to the barrage of stimuli and the thoughts tumbling through my head to mull over later, I killed that  option bit by bit with every tap on the screen. I couldn't resist the profound urge to capture the experience -- I just went about it the wrong way.
Love Letters You welcome strangers. You welcome thousands of students every year. You welcome LGBTQ. You welcome art. You welcome immigrants. You welcome the weird. You welcomed a huge Rubber Duck. You welcomed me, and I love you for it.
Life Lines Cut Path to Rides I need to sell my year in traveling carnivals to an agent or publisher, I could use these winter months to track down leads and write that book.
At Haw Par Villa In Singapore, You Just Might See A Breastfeeding Granny We would love to visit, just to hear the proper interpretations of these crazy displays. This makes for some pretty nutzo
The Good-Karma Guide to Holiday Travel The best test of whether your meditation class is paying off is seeing how you behave on no sleep and when you're late for a flight after the mustachioed, wrestler-turned-TSA agent tells you to follow him for a pat down.
The 10 Most Absurd Flight Delays To Ever Happen Royal horses Six fancy horses owned by a Saudi Arabian prince \became agitated\ in the cargo hold at an Egypt airport. Passengers
Airbus Map Shows All The Routes Possible On The Superjumbo Jet Want to know everywhere you can travel on Airbus' A380 superjumbo jet? The company has created a friendly, colorful map of
13 Air Travel Facts You Can Use To Impress The Hottie In The Window Seat The National Museum of the US Air Force displays \Blunder Trophies\ from the 1920's and the early 1930's presented at the
First Class for the First Time -- Yippee! Even without the coffee and the snacks and a dedicated flight attendant,  just feeling that you have enough space is relaxing. In first class, you can actually enjoy the experience of flying rather than enduring it.
Airport Rip Off, Or Was It? First of all, both bottles -- big ones, intended as gifts for friends-- were pristine. The original caps were sealed tight
I'm Thankful for Travel If you can't have warm and fuzzy feelings during the holiday season, then when else can you get away with it?
Top 10 New Year's Eve Destinations You're Invited! When
Thick Thighs and Paris Street Food My nose was stimulated by stand after stand of amazing smells. It was then that one of the chefs stepped from behind his stall to call after us.
10 Must-See Destinations Near Edinburgh, Scotland Here are ten must-see places that are easily accessible by car or public transport and range from the birthplace of the Scottish saltire and the scene of notorious 16th century witch trials to the home of Rugby Sevens.
Scott Expedition - Day 25 I am now lying in a tent on the Ross Ice Shelf, camped a few miles away from where he and his team would have camped in the mid-eighties.
Hotels That Make the Most of a Stellar Location At these five prime properties around the globe, looking out your window (or stepping out of the lobby) means seeing not just a few city lights or some nice landscaping, but rather a national monument, an ancient marvel or a natural wonder.
Costa Rica for Everyone For thrill seekers, beach bums, nature fiends and honeymooners alike, Costa Rica is a freewheeling adventure playground.
London for One Here are four suggestions for some different activities you can enjoy in London all by yourself.
10 Man Hotels for Movember From the ultimate Vegas getaway, to the home of the first golf course, to a room with a beer-filled tub, these distinctive dwellings from around the world have something to offer virtually every mo-bro.
Schloss Reinhartshausen At breakfast time I looked out the windows onto the perfectly manicured garden, wondering if my great-grandmother used to sit out there with Princess Agathe.
'Cake Boss' Buddy Valastro Likes Cruises But Loves Beaches \When I'm on vacation, odds are I ain't sightseeing, because this is my break from always going at 100 miles an hour.\
A Visit to Speakers' Corner Spending a day of precious travel time being told how horrible you and the rest of humanity are would not normally be a recommended way to allocate your finite vacation hours. But then again, Speakers' Corner in Hyde Park in London is not a normal place.
Hotels That Take You Back in Time These ancient dwellings are of high historical, artistic and architectural value; they are places not only to visit, but also to live and experience.
NYC, Travel Secrets From a Local \A perfect day in NYC would be a balance of favorite places and new discoveries. I try to walk everywhere because it's the best way to discover new things in the city. Even when I am in a neighborhood that I am familiar with, I purposely take a different route each time.\
The Calm Before (and During) the Holiday Storm Stress and anxiety can ruin yuletide festivities, but rest assured, there are ways to embrace the insanity - in fact, every global culture has methods of keeping cool in tense times.
The World's Best Apr\u00e9s-Ski Scenes From sipping champagne alfresco in Aspen to dancing on the bar in Austria, Jetsetter.com rounds up the top post-slope scenes to hit this winter.
5 Fantastic Beaches in Florida State Parks (PHOTOS) You can discover some of the finest, most pristine beaches in the world at Florida's state parks. Kindle the flames of love on Lovers Key, bury your toes in sugar-sand on Grayton Beach, or learn to kayak at MacArthur Beach Park.
The Time to See -- and Save -- Africa's Elephants is Now Africa's elephants face an unprecedented poaching siege. It's a crisis of global significance that the U.S. government is taking action against -- and one in which safari ecotourism plays an important role, undergirding the value for local communities of keeping elephants alive.
7 Reasons to Go to Zambia This past summer I spent 3 weeks exploring Zambia and I loved it. It not only offers great game-viewing and stunning scenery but also has maintained an uncrowded, authentic, down-to-earth safari experience that is really unique and increasingly hard to find.
The Trek to Annapurna Base Camp, Part Two During the Nepal leg of my recent bicycle ride around the world, I took time out of the saddle to hike into the Annapurna Base Camp. It was an eight-day adventure that lead me high into the Himalayan Mountains to the staging area for attempts on Annapurna.
Enjoy Mountain Views With Your Morning Meal at These 7 B&Bs Imagine savoring a freshly-made, gourmet breakfast and a warm cup of coffee with the view of a majestic mountain range as company. Or, try picturing breakfast in bed at a cozy, rustic inn with snow-capped mountain peaks dancing in the distance. Sound like a getaway made just for you?
5 Places You'd Rather Be This Thanksgiving Somehow we blinked and it's already Thanksgiving. Whatever way you plan on spending your Turkey Day, take a few moments to
Thanskgiving Could be a Travel Nightmare With bad weather looming, things could get ugly. But not if you follow these expert-tested tips for stress-free air travel.
Road Trip on Route 66, Americana The original and legendary blue and red U.S. Route 66 signs have now faded to pink and dust, but let's not be blue about it, for the lavender Laundromats and rusting green tractors can still be spotted along the way.
Five More Things You Should Do in the Caribbean Before You Die Bring back more than a tan from your next Caribbean vacay. Try one of these uniquely Caribbean experiences and make memories that will last a lifetime.
A Tour of the Future in Hong Kong Names of cities are not just collections of letters. When you read \Rome\ or hear \Hanoi\ you get a firecracker flash. A row of mental lightbulbs pops on, you see a private marquee picture of the place, and then, when you think of something else, it's gone.
A Pond So Beautiful It Belongs On Your Desktop Screensaver We\u2019re not kidding. Check your Macbook wallpapers. The pond has a mood of itself, however, and seeing it in its entire splendor
Where to Go in Brazil for the World Cup [Infographic] Sure everyone's excited about the World Cup in 2014, but here in Australia, we're bloody excited. We're so bloody excited, we created this infographic and info page to show where all the action will be in Brazil next summer.
How to Secure Overpriced, Inconvenient Holiday Flights for Your Kids Bribe your children with extra legroom if they provide you with correct final exam dates. You will have to text them incessantly for 3-4 weeks before they respond with those dates because it is a real effort on their part to log into their online schedule.
Rick Steves' Christmas Fundraiser Challenge So here's my challenge
Do Americans Just Travel Wrong? Despite America's great travel-related innovations over the years, from national parks to theme parks, from 747s to GPSs, and from staycations to roller bag suitcases, it just seems that we as a nation haven't figured out yet how to get the most out of our travels, and in essence, take a lot of junk vacations.
12 U.S. Cities That Could Use Some Love 7. St. Louis, Missouri So it's regarded as one of the most dangerous cities in the nation, and that's a fact you can't dispute
Celebrate New Year's Eve Twice At These Destinations Around The World Tweed Heads & Coolangatta, Australia You could board a plane and jet set to a different time zone. Or, if you'll be near
20 Most Annoying Things People Do On Planes - CNN.com (CNN) -- The holiday travel crush is almost upon us. Read more on www.cnn.com
852 Instagram Photos Turned Into Short Film That Takes You On A Trip Around The World An Instagram short film from Thomas Jullien on Vimeo. French artist Thomas Jullien took photos from 852 different Instagram
Thanksgiving Travel With Thanksgiving on the horizon, millions of Americans are gearing up to travel across the country for a slice of turkey
The 10 Most Sketchy-Sounding Airline Names, In Order 4. Scoot (Singapore) To \u201cscoot\u201d implies a jerking, tugging motion that just makes us uncomfortable to think of while soaring
5 Lesser-Known Holidays Around The World You probably know lots about the well-known holidays stateside, but do you know about the many lesser-known holidays around
Your Weekly Travel Zen This week's Moment of Travel Zen comes to us from Lynda Hanwella. Her photo of Gaudi's Sagrada Familia depicts the remarkable
Charleston, South Carolina Is Officially The Best City In The World 2. Long cobblestone streets 7. The dance floor at Prohibition bar 23. Snack-cake-scented candles at MoonPie General Store
'I Am Walking Across The World' ON THE GULF OF AQABA, Jordan \u2014 I AM walking across the world. Read more on The New York Times
6 Must-sees in Bucks County, Pa. Since its European \founding\ in 1681, Bucks County has been a draw for those seeking quiet contemplation among nature. With Thanksgiving on the horizon and winter just beyond that, there's no better time to revel in the colors, tastes, and passionate people of this special spot in the Northeast.
Venezia Regardless of when you go, no trip to the cradle of modern civilization would be complete without visiting Venice, the most incomprehensively amazing city on the planet. Actually, it's not a city. Venezia is 118 small islands linked by bridges and traversed by gondolas.
Idaho I knew any ride masterminded by Rebecca, the three-time 24-hour Solo Mountain Bike World Champion, dubbed \The Queen of Pain,\ would be brutal. Despite my white-knuckled ways, I signed up for what promised to be a gravel-grinding, lung-busting, dusty century ride, set for Labor Day weekend.
Hampton Roads, Virginia For an overnight, choose between the large, boaty Crowne Plaza @ The Marina right next door to the Air and Space Museum with
What Airlines And Airports Are Doing To Make Travel Less Stressful Air travel can be a drag. With the never ending stop and go traffic on your way to the airport, the way-too long security
Walking With Polar Bears Not many get to see polar bears in the wild. Most who do take a Tundra Buggy tour, riding in giant tank-like buses. Others see the bears from the decks of cruise ships plowing through the Arctic Oceans. But very few ever actually walk among the bears.
10 Things You Probably Didn't Know About Dublin Before you pack up your climbing gear and head out to scale the Dublin Mountains, you might want to swap your carabiner for
Poke Poke, Kaua'i Style Though Kaua'i is far from the humming hustle of Waikiki, there is plenty to do -- it's just so relaxing, you don't want to. Regardless, we snorkeled, tubed, zipped, rode in an open cockpit Bi-Plane... and were welcomed as dignitaries by local folklorist and Hula Empressario Lopaka.
Norway In All Its Insanely Beautiful Glory Snowy fjell landscape near V\u00e5g\u00e5mo. City of Bergen as seen from the nearby Mount Ulriken Another waterfall in Husedalen Nightly
The 25 Most Overrated Places On Earth 24. Las Vegas The clubs look awesome in the movies, it\u2019s true. But you\u2019ll stand in line for hours before entering in real
New Orleans Street Music I think it's fair to say that among the top reasons people visit New Orleans, setting aside food, booze and certain anatomical parts of women that also begin with B, is our music. New Orleans is the birthplace of jazz and blues, and our heritage as a music city is strong.
Europe's 10 Best Adventure Destinations From the glaciers and volcanos of Iceland to the warm waters of the Canary Islands, here are Europe's 10 best adventure destinations.
Possible Unexploded Bomb Found At Maui Beach The ordnance can be especially dangerous to children who may not know what they've discovered. A tourist in Kapalua, Maui
Welcome to Palestine I was on a dual-narrative tour, which offered a unique perspective into the everyday lives of Palestinians in Hebron. Both my Jewish and Muslim guide had half the day to share their city and their stories.
How Does A Freaking Amtrak Train Get LOST In The Philly Suburbs?!? An Amtrak train carrying 130 people got lost last week after it traveled too far backward while turning around and ended
Climbing Patagonia's Glaciers With My Dearest Strangers and One Lone Instant Coffee Packet I have shared beers in Uruguay with Brazilians as news broke our country allegedly had spied on their country. I have shared naan in India with an Afghani during the U.S. war in Afghanistan. It's hard to see a map's lines once you have shared a meal across borders.
Investigate the JFK Assassination on this Dark Tour of Dallas This week marks the 50th anniversary of JFK's assassination, an event that scarred the American psyche and still fuels the
Incredible UNESCO Sites You May Never See Again Of the 981 properties included on UNESCO's World Heritage List, some 44 are categorized as in-danger, for reasons ranging from political instability to irresponsible tourism.
Don't Be Duped -- Travel and Talk to People Our guides were hugely helpful both in Israel and in Palestine. If you are traveling to the region and need help, they are
The Anatomy Of A Dopp Kit If you're still throwing your grooming supplies in a plastic bag when prepping your luggage, that's awesome. However, if
A Breathtaking Photo Essay of Northern India India is a country exceedingly rich in culture -- overflowing with the smells, sights and sounds of life. It is both a rewarding and a challenging place to travel.
Local Experts from 13 California Destinations Reveal Secrets They'd Rather Keep Secret By trade, they are experts on and champions of the iconic places, under-the-radar gems, and newfangled darlings in their areas. But where do the tourism board professionals go when they're off duty?
5 Hidden Gem Hotels in Austin Local flavor remains central to the enjoyment factor in Austin and for those who prefer to stay close to it, here are some of the best tucked-away and well-loved boutique options in town.
Google Maps Travel 3. Paris, France View Larger Map The full 360 degree panoramic view should satisfy your historical travel craving. Most of
11 Funky Thanksgiving Events That Totally Beat Grandmother's House Eat Like a Pilgrim at Thanksgiving Point Faaar from New England, at an educational center between Provo and Salt Lake City
The Trek to Annapurna Base Camp During the Nepal leg of my recent bicycle ride around the world, I took time out of the saddle to hike into the Annapurna Base Camp. It was an eight-day adventure that lead me high into the Himalayan Mountains to the staging area for attempts on Annapurna, the world's 10th highest mountain.
Watching the World Go By I hate cruises. I only go by ship if there is no other way to get to a place -- like traveling around Antarctica or the Amazon Rain Forest. But here I was, snuggled next to my man on the sundeck of the Scenic Diamond river cruiser, watching the world go by.
French People Take The Most Days Off Yet Feel The Most Deprived, And Other Vacation Factoids What\u2019s even weirder, though, is that the people who get an entire month off feel the least satisfied
Canyoneering Not these adventurers. On his blog, Unreal Hawaii, David Chatsuthiphan takes us inside the extreme sport of canyoneering
The Desolation of a Monk's Dreams -- The Monastery of St. George I'll continue this Holy Land series until November 21st. Then, to celebrate my homecoming, I'll give a live, free slideshow
The Hijab -- The Meaning of a Scarf While a woman on the street wearing a scarf is treated differently, that doesn't mean she isn't fashion-conscious. One woman
What's Your Occupation? Today, I sense a commitment among Palestinians to grow beyond violence. (They really have no choice.) In fact, the main job
The Best U.S. Cities for Shopping Carry-on restrictions and baggage fees be damned
The Journeys of 11 Amazing Animals War heroes. Tough travelers. These animals covered long distances in their lifetimes, even traveling to outer space.
Great Holiday Gifts for Travelers Buying holiday gifts for frequent travelers can be a difficult task. (How many U-shaped neck pillows does one person need?) Whether you're buying for a frequent flier, an adventurer or a first-time globetrotter, these presents are as sensible as they are innovative.
Most Colorful Beaches in the World Most beaches need umbrellas and blankets to brighten up the landscape. Not these stretches of sand. From iconic pink sand beaches in the Bahamas to a green beach in Hawaii, we've rounded up beaches around the world that you have to see to believe.
Dazzling Lumiere Festival Lights Up The City Of Durham Durham Cathedral Paris will always be our City of Lights, but we just couldn\u2019t help ourselves with these eye-catching photos
10 Best All-Inclusive Resorts According To TripAdvisor's Travelers' Choice Awards 2. Royalton Cayo Santa Maria, Cayo Santa Maria, Cuba 7. Iberostar Grand Bavaro Hotel, Punta Cana, Dominican Republic. 1. Iberostar
Which One's The Happiest Place On Earth? The Ultimate Disney Parks Comparison Chart CORRECTION
10 Off The Beaten Path Cities You Should Absolutely Visit You know Madrid and Barcelona \u2026but do you know San Sebastian? Once a resort for the Spanish royals, San Sebastian\u2019s pintxo
8 Of The Worst Sunburn Destinations In The Entire World Quito, Ecuador Sunlight hits Earth most head-on at the equator. And you can\u2019t get much closer to the equator than Quito, which
Vintage New Zealand Panoramics Will Transport You Into The Past (PHOTOS) Nowadays, anyone with an iPhone can take a panoramic shot. But these photos, taken in the 1920s, are rare gems. New Plymouth
Watch Out Delta, American and United Maybe he was just kidding. Where else is he going to go shopping, China? But you can be sure that more Middle East carriers
Hotel Hopping In Hong Kong Hong Kong has some of the best hotels in the world. The two Shangri-La properties, the Four Seasons, the Mandarin Oriental
Kennedy's Cold War Island Bunker Is Now A Museum From his boyhood on, Kennedy's family was a fixture in the ritzy, oceanside enclave where billionaire investors like William
The Delicious Highlights of Peruvian Cuisine Travel is all about adventure, and the dining in Peru is no exception.
20 Coolest Subway Stations Around The World But these 20 subway stations around the globe--from Chile to North Korea--are worth a second look for their public displays of art and architecture.
7 Travel Rules To Live By Traveling the globe can teach you a thing or two (or seven). Apply these traveler's mantras to the ordinary life beyond your
Your Air (And Other) Travel Questions Answered Q
Between Mountain and Sea By Joe Capra Joe is a Los Angeles-based photographer and filmmaker, and winner of XPRIZE's 2012 \Why Do You Explore?\ Video
The Security Fence, the Anti-Terrorism Barrier, the Wall Since 2003, Israel has been building a wall around the West Bank in the name of security from terrorism. While Israel calls
One Case Where an Arab Israeli Has More Rights than a Jewish Israeli When filming, I spend a lot of time sitting in the car while the crew is getting a particular shot. In the Holy Land, there
Hitachinaka's Hitachi Seaside Park Is The Springtime Paradise You're Dreaming Of Flickr/Shingo Yoshida Flickr/shin--k No wait, but you are... In the spring, these baby-blue flowers, called nemophilas, bloom
Should You Earn a Mile for Flying a Mile? Here's a secret
How to Board a Plane It's a daunting process, helped little by flight attendants requesting that everyone sit down so Zone 4s can find their seats. They are ignored. Usually the plane is in mid-flight, while some Zone 4s are still trying to find 28F, 23C, and 25A.
Are Travel Agents Useful Anymore? I decided to construct a mock trip to compare the price and experience when using a travel agent against the high-and-mighty internet -- a multi-city itinerary that could use some human manipulation.
10 Places To See Before They're Gone Places, much like animals can become endangered, and some of the world's most amazing sights are gradually disappearing. Trust us, you want to see these now, just remember to travel responsibly and respectfully.
Your Weekly Travel Zen From quiet ski-lift rides to the invigorating rush of flying down the mountains on skis or a snowboard, escaping the mountains
Things I Learned Wandering Around Europe for 7 Months After five years a slave in the consulting world, I booked a oneway ticket to Iceland, and negotiated a seven-month sabbatical. Yes, in that order. These are a few of the things that traveling taught me -- about the universe, about the world, and about myself.
Where To Find Outdoor Observation Decks At Airports When I was a little boy, I begged and pleaded with my dad to bring me to Boston's Logan Airport to watch planes land, take
Trolltunga, Norway Is The Scariest Instagram Spot On Earth Wanna climb (and Instagram) Trolltunga too? Get more info here. Crazy hikers make the four-hour trek to Trolltunga for the
New Website Lets You Track Sharks Around Maui This, coincidentally, is also where many of Maui's most well-heeled tourists like to hang out as both the Four Seasons and
Budget Vacation? Try Language School I discovered that my menopausal brain can still learn to conjugate. I immersed myself in village life. Families gather in the jardin in the evenings to stroll or sit, listen to mariachi, maybe dance.
Where To Go Next in Europe Yet Europe's \second\ (in some cases, even third) cities often provide equally outstanding amenities, attractions and infrastructure, including sizable airports and efficient mass transit, while flying under the tourism radar.
Quit Your Job and Travel The World Sure, there are signs that clue you in, but how do you know when you\u2019re ready? The final straw, that defining moment you
12 Fab Hotel Deals Cyber Monday
These Psychedelic Cave Photos Will Make You Wonder Why You Spend Your Days Above Ground The cave was reopened in 1962 and is now nicknamed the \Palace of Natural Arts.\ Today, tourists spend anywhere between 1
Why the Phone Is Every Frequent Flier's Best Friend Tim Winship will probably forget more about travel loyalty programs than you'll ever know. He spent two decades life managing marketing for Singapore Airlines, All Nippon Airways, and Hilton.
US Airways Passengers Mutiny After Pilot Kicks Blind Man Off Plane WATCH ABC Philadelphia's report, below
Traveling That Sucks After months and months on the road, there is no denying that great sights start to blend together and lose their once-dazzling sheen. I knew it happened to me when I was standing in the desert, looking up at the Great Pyramids, and thought, \meh.\
Snow On Hawaii's Big Island (PHOTOS) Snow-covered Mauna Kea is seen in the background. Below, Poli'ahu's handiwork
The Lonely Hebron Walk Hebron, with the Tomb of Abraham -- so revered by both Jews and Muslims -- is the place where I feel the most tension in
What Kids Really Learn From a Family Vacation As a young parent, I simply viewed family vacations as a time for fun. If they learned something new along the way, it was a bonus. Now that my kids have grown into young adults, I can fully appreciate the impact our family vacations had in changing their perspectives.
Here's Where Your Favorite TV Character From The 90s Went On Vacation Clarissa Darling from \Clarissa Explains It All\ Clarissa's teenage curiosity and bizarre yet persistent belief in UFOs means
Havre Beneath the Streets A century ago the picture here was profoundly different
The Balata Refugee Camp On my scouting visit, I saw a little boy drop by the chicken shop, chose a chicken, and watch it killed, drained, de-feathered
10 Ways to Upgrade Holiday Travel Is there anything that airlines and airports can do to upgrade the travel experience? Yes there is! Here are 10 simple things that they can do now to make our journeys a little more comfortable and sane.
America's Strangest Museums (PHOTOS) Whether devoted to barbed wire or Bigfoot, most of these strange museums spring from the passionate hobbies of individuals like Bannister. And their labors of love are a reminder that what can be considered worthy to collect is as varied as the country itself.
America's Favorite Towns (PHOTOS) Read on for more of T+L's favorite towns. As you watch the sun dip below 14,000-foot peaks from Allred's restaurant, toast
Skiing On Icebergs In Antarctica \u2013 In Pictures Daredevil Chris Davenport climbed a 60ft iceberg in the Antarctic \u2013 and then skied down it, coming perilously close to taking
The Ultimate Bucket List As Completed In 255 Days Everyone has a bucket list. From the most mundane to the craziest to the budget and age-specific , creating and editing the
Here's Why You Can't Get a Good Night's Sleep in a Hotel See Also
Mount Huashan Is One Of The Most Dangerous, Terrifying Hikes In The World Many have taken on the challenge of trekking Mount Hua Shan. Such brave adventurers have taken to documenting their journeys
World's Coolest Surf Towns (PHOTOS) --Kimberley Lovato \It's funny, I've always looked at the surf, not so much at the town,\ says Pierre Wilkinson, a South
Brewpubs to Burgers After a day on the desert single track eating only trail mix, the occasional granola bar and lukewarm energy drinks, food is top of mind for all cyclists and hikers on our new Arizona tours.
Hebron's Tomb of Abraham -- Tensely Shared between Jews and Muslims The focal point for both faiths is the Tomb of Abraham. Windows from the synagogue and the mosque look onto this space -- but
6 Bizarre Dining Experiences Around The World Dinner In The Sky There are lots of Japanese restaurants in New York City. But Ninja takes the cake for being the most... interactive
10 Islands for a Perfect Trip to Thailand Mu Ko Ang Thong Natural Park - This marine park is made up over 40 islands and has some of the best landscapes and snorkeling
Start Stop (the Scott Expedition - Day 15) - 100 Miles in Despite Antarctic Storm We woke to the same conditions and it was my turn to poke my head out to see if we could travel. There was no horizon or contrast, just thick whiteout, and only in the slight shadow of the tent could I see the blizzard flying past us.
The World's Top Private Hotel Beaches When searching for the ultimate beach getaway, there's something to be said about the importance of privacy.  The idea of having 20 screaming kids around or of having to fight over a waterfront lounge chair doesn't exactly incite serenity -- nor should it.
Best Holiday Cruise Vacations More from Travel + Leisure
20 Things I Learned While I Was in North Korea It's a dictatorship of the most extreme kind, a cult of personality beyond anything Stalin or Mao could have imagined, a country as closed off to the world and as secretive as they come -- a true hermit kingdom. So why would an American tourist ever be allowed into the country?
The Blue Lagoon In Iceland Is A Toasty Travel Tuesday Goodnight, Blue Lagoon! It's a beautifully blissful place to spend this Travel Tuesday. Iceland Airwaves, an annual music
Battir Here in the Holy Land, the land itself is holy to its inhabitants. And, for Palestinians, the olive tree is a kind of lifeblood
Tourism in Palestine I'll continue this Holy Land series until November 21st. Then, to celebrate my homecoming, I'll give a live, free slideshow
An Underwater Photo Tour of the Gal\u00e1pagos Islands By Chaney Kwak, CNTraveler.com The Gal\u00e1pagos Islands recently landed on our list of Top 10 Islands in Australia and the Pacific
Relaxing... Hula Style Aside from resting, relaxing, Mai Tai'ing and water sports, there's not much to do on the Garden Isle of Hawaii, Kaua'i. Except for boating, ATV, tubing, incredibly wild open air cockpit BiPlane rides... Okay, there's PLENTY to do on Kaua'i.
Highlights From The Disney Parks Employees Ask Reddit Thread \[O]vernight cast member here. Please PLEASE leave your cremated loved ones at home. stop dumping them in Haunted Mansion
San Diego's Most Amazing Hotel Pools (MORE
Worth The Flight Barely ninety minutes north of the bustle of Manhattan, New York's Shawangunk Mountains are known for their unusual look
Chinese Tourists Confuse Sweden And Switzerland, Consulates Hope To Remedy Mix Up The confusion steams from the similarity between the countries' names in Mandarin -- Sweden is written as Ruidian, Switzerland
This Is What First Snows Look Like Around The World Chicago, Illinois on November 11 \The Bean\ got caked in sleet for happy tourists. Abant Nature Park, Turkey on October 4
Spirit Airlines Goes 'Incognito,' Releases Ad Mocking NFL Bullying The ad in question features a downcast businessman sitting on the floor of what looks to be an airport. With one hand, he
3 Holiday Travel Tips (Video) We're all for aging gracefully, but we doth protest a single wrinkle on clothing. That's why we've made it our mission to learn how to pack like a pro.
14 Beautiful Landscape Reflections Inverted Through Wine Glasses Are you a wine connoisseur or a sucker for a fine sunset? Then you are in luck today because Moscow-based Russian photographer
Getaways Without Leaving Home I know summer is over. I know talking about vacation is out of season. But the arrival of fall prompts me to go over some of the things I've done this past year that made me feel far away without leaving home.
This Yellowstone Timelapse Will Take Your Breath Away As America's first national park, Yellowstone still inspires awe whether it's in the form of bottomless hot springs, exploding geysers or its endless starry nightscapes. Escape for a few moments and enjoy the rugged beauty that is Yellowstone.
Wear Thick Shoes When Touring Palestine When traveling in rough lands, I always wear sturdy shoes. In my town, curbs at intersections are turned into ramps so people
Oh Crazy Town of Bethlehem I'll continue this Holy Land series until November 21st. Then, to celebrate my homecoming, I'll give a live, free slideshow
Kindness ONE What I found so fascinating about Bhutan was that they have created 'Gross National Happiness' which means they determine the success of the country based on the happiness in their souls as opposed to the amounts of money in their pockets.
Whither Ye Olde Stomping Grounds? So I asked the sales person about the ingredients and price. The dark specks were raisins and there was a pinch of walnuts
9 Worst Airline Rip-Offs Here's the basic principle of contemporary airline pricing
10 Ways to Get to Your Gate Faster Whether you're making a tight connection or you just left your house a little late, you'll zip to the gate without getting lost, hung up at security, or delayed by other people if you follow these 10 tips.
How to Solve Tricky Airline Customer Service Situations Whether you're preparing for a short trip or a long holiday break, knowing the rules and strategizing accordingly can help you avoid major hassles, not to mention hefty change fees. Here are eight practical tips for handling tricky situations and winging it when things don't go your way.
15 Ways The iPhone Has Sucked The Fun Out Of Traveling 11. You don't really need to chat up your seatmate for in-flight entertainment. 4. You can't just sit and absorb a firework
7 Easy Thanksgiving Weekend Escapes (MORE
Your Weekly Travel Zen This week's Moment of Travel Zen comes to us from Anna Marie Jehorek. Of her photo she says
Work Abroad Extended periods of time on the travel trail can wear you and your wallet down. One option to offset travel costs, or to settle down in one spot for longer than a minute, is to work at a hostel. We've narrowed your job-search down to five of the best hostels to call home and work.
6 Getaways With Fall Inspired Spa Treatments If you're looking to travel this fall and winter, be sure to check resorts with spa treatments inspired by fall ingredients. Here are some of our latest fall inspired spa finds.
15 Grand Changing Of The Guard Ceremonies You Really Need To See Parliament Hill in Ottowa, Canada National Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall in Taipei, Taiwan Prague Castle in Prague, Czech
19 Reasons Why We're Pumped For Winter As the true suckiness of daylight savings sets in, and our winter time blues slowly amps up, we wanted to take a second to
Airline Flies Obese Man To Destination -- Then Refuses To Fly Him Home Kevin Chenais flew to the United States from France for medical treatment a year and a half ago. But last week, when he tried
20 U.S. Cities You Must Visit In Your 20s Eugene, Oregon Anchorage, Alaska This Pacific Northwest staple is a must-see. Seattle is known to be one of the best coffee
8 Ways To Handle Your Hangover Abroad (GIFs) Traveling and partying go hand in hand -- there's nothing like experiencing a foreign city by night, reveling with the locals
5 Simple Ways To Give Back While Traveling We\u2019d all love to go on a volunteer vacation, learn about the local culture and perhaps save the world. With the average American
7 Ways Travel Makes You Healthier Become More Flexible Sometimes things don't go according to plan while traveling. Maybe your flight is cancelled or it rains
10 Must-See Northern California Views San Francisco's skyline sparkles on a clear day and it's just as magical encircled in tendrils of fog. But beyond the city, a veritable treasure trove of visual delights await, from rolling vineyards to hilltop vistas to the rugged California beaches.
11 Fascinating Trees It's difficult to reflect on trees and not get sappy. (Pun intended.) Besides providing shelter, shade and fruit, the tree is a metaphor for life. Here's a list of trees you'll want to know more about.
Why Serendipity Is the Best Travel Guide Patricia Schultz is the author of 1000 Places to See Before You Die, an opus that took her eight years to finish. And nothing will make you smarter about travel than covering the most sought-after destinations in the world.
This is Palestine As much as I believe in Israel, I believe in Palestine, too. America knows and loves Israel. Israel has powerful advocates
4 Scams to Watch out for in Paris Paris, like any other city, is no stranger to petty theft. On our first night in Paris, our knowledgeable Tour Manager took us aside and told all of us to watch out for these three popular scams practiced throughout the City of Light.
7 Ridiculously Awesome Beach Getaways for Kids Traveling with the kids is hardly a picnic, and all too often parents don't get to do a lot of vacationing on their vacations. If you're hoping to tantrum-proof your family beach getaway this winter, we have some solutions for you.
The Pioneer Saloon at 100 It's often clich\u00e9 to speak of being \whisked away,\ but quite honestly when you enter that's exactly what will happen. Were it not for the few slot machines to your left and electric lights throughout, you'd swear you stepped back to 1913.
Some Brits Find A Way To Make Cosmetic Surgery Part Of Their Vacation Medical tourism has long been a thing around the world. India, Costa Rica and Germany, among others, have been offering everything
To the Roof of Africa Considering that this is the world's tallest freestanding mountain, at 5,985 meters, Kili can be fairly daunting, especially for the uninitiated.
Ski Mountaineering Why would anyone give up the happy comforts of chairlift-assisted skiing for this gem of an experience? Simple
Lay Low at America's Most Notorious Criminal Hideouts If The Godfather has taught me anything, it's that crime doesn't pay... well, ok maybe it does, but still, it's a dangerous game with high wins and even higher losses. If you live a life of crime, chances are you'll be on the run, and a hideout can make all the difference.
Getting Cozy with the Palestinian Authority After a week in Israel, it's time to cross into Palestine. My goal is to show Palestine as a place that's exciting and educational
Israel in 3,300 Words? I'll continue this Holy Land series until November 21st. Then, to celebrate my homecoming, I'll give a live, free slideshow
The Flight Attendant's Guide to Hotel Safety Airline crews are away from home and family sometimes half the year or more. Staying safe on the road is a priority. Here are the tips I've learned along the way that may benefit you as a traveler as well!
Cowboy Culture on Ted Turner's Ranch A month ago, if you mentioned \hunting\ to me, I would turn blue, as though my oxygen supply had been cut off. Guns? Shooting
Ask a Guide \I find that once I feel like I've got something captured, it frees me up to try newer things -- different types of photos that might express movement or that evoke the space.\
How the Disaster of a Small Italian Town Helped a New Yorker See Through Sandy The midday sun shone as workers in Levi's and orange hardhats laid panels of wood to erect a new boardwalk, eager to replace the one washed ashore by the Atlantic it had been in front of just nine months earlier.
Keep Austin Weird Stab a pin into the center of Texas on a map, and you'll pretty much hit Austin. It's the live music capital of the world, home to the Texas Longhorns and the coolest (in my opinion) music festival ever, ever, ever -- SXSW -- this, is a city worth visiting.
10 Things You'll Find Abroad That You Won't Find Here 8. Beer vending machine Japan A Reddit user studying abroad in Moscow posted a photo of his bread-scented shampoo recently
Halloween, New Orleans Style But on Halloween, by and large people don costumes. Many costumes in the Quarter are makeshift, and joyously so. My friends
The Family that Flies Together... As a seasoned traveler who's vacationed plenty with my own kids and meets new families flying every day, I pulled together some tips that all parents should keep in mind so they can spend less time stressing at the airport and more time relaxing with loved ones.
Heavenly Seafood in Sydney It's almost Summer in Australia, and for those of us in the Northern Hemisphere that means it's an excellent time to take a trip Down Under.
Living the Cappadocia Experience up Close and From Afar Imagine a place that is so naturally beautiful and full of history you will feel awestruck from sunup to sundown. Add to that some hot air balloons and the ability to live inside the cave formations that make this place so special and you have Cappadocia.
The 10 Best Practical Places to Explore Ancient Rome The legacy of the Roman Empire can be found in far more places than you might imagine. Many of the most interesting ancient sites, however, are located in countries and regions that are difficult or dangerous to visit. Fear not.
How to Travel the World for Free We know, we know. You can't actually travel the world without paying for something along the way. But we've got a few ideas to help cut down on costs and ensure you'll have a more authentic adventure.
Gangsters and Grime When walking around NYC, most people don't pay much attention to the city's darker side. But beneath Gotham's glamour lurks a seedy past. A modern-day concrete jungle may conceal the sin and violence of yore you'll see the depravity that exists behind the present-day facade.
Where to See Cool Graffiti in New York City Over the past few weeks, renowned British street artist Banksy has taken New York City by storm, leaving a trail of spray paint in his wake. But graffiti is nothing new here
Predictions for the Best Travel Deal Destinations for 2014 We've just announced the five worldwide destinations where it believes North American travelers will get the best travel deals in 2014.
Love Letters I can't stop thinking about you my dear, I absolutely had to write to you, to tell you how I feel about you. I love that you embrace all the things that make life worth living, like your dozens of breweries, wineries and distilleries, coffee roasteries, bakeries, oh just all your delectable food, I just want to gobble you up!
Best Taxis In The World Following in their footsteps are New York City, Tokyo and Berlin (in value and availability). Amsterdam, Madrid, and Mexico
Crazy Wild Animals Found in Airports You'd expect this in Florida or New Orleans, perhaps, but Chicago? Not so much
The Gelato Maker's 5 Favorite Sweet Shops in Florence A tour of Italian milkshakes, biscotti, tortes, and brioche -- it's enough to make our sugar-coated hearts pitter-patter with joy. We're lucky that third-generation gelato maker Silvana Vivoli of Florence is taking us on tour of her favorite local sweet spots.
The North American Region That Uses Euros About 6,000 people still live on the archipelago of Saint Pierre and Miquelon, just 12 miles off the coast of Newfoundland. Even though they're far from the motherland, these French citizens still sing \La Marseillaise,\ vote in French national elections, and do business in Euros.
Hunger Games Inspired Hotels To Celebrate The New Film Bubble Hotel - Mullihotell, Suur-Rootsi, Estonia Sheraton Diana Majestic Hotel \u2013 Milan, Italy Hunger Games
Europe's 10 Coziest Mountain Villages As winter approaches, the first blankets of snow are falling on the great mountains of Europe and the continent's enchanting mountain towns are gearing up for a new season
Most Colorful Places Around The World ROY G BIV. Easter Eggs. Crayola. Whatever your fancy, it turns out that places around the globe--from neighborhoods to entire
The Slow Travel Movement Slow travel is the deliberate deceleration of a journey so that the small looms large, the particle becomes profound, and the blood races with the adventure and discovery of the Amazon in every dewdrop, the Everest in every trail stone, the Redwoods in every swath of grass, and the galaxy within every snowflake.
10 Places You Should Travel On Your Parents' Dime Nosara, Costa Rica You can play this trip off as part of your plan to self-improve by \u201cgetting fit\u201d and \u201clearning new skills
Hawaii's Diverse Terrain Makes For Spectacular Rainfalls CORRECTION
These 'Forbidden' Places Are Actually Easy To Visit, If You're Smart How to get in
4 New Ways to Vacation Hotels are so two years ago. Next time you're planning a vacation, check out these unique places (and until then, just picture yourself there.)
7 Most Outrageous Travel Fees and How to Prepare for Them Some travel surprises are good
Burano, Italy Is The Cheeriest Little Island, And It Will Lift Your Soul On Travel Tuesday The wee island is located in the same lagoon as Venice, but its colors pop and fizzle in a way that makes it feel almost
Fire Walk With Me David Lynch's Twin Peaks was a thoroughly groundbreaking, mind-bending, life-altering cult hit when it first premiered 23 years ago. If you find yourself journeying around the Pacific Northwest, don't miss these iconic Twin Peaks filming locations.
World's Most Remote Resorts You don't have to be a paparazzi-dodging celeb or on-the-lam introvert to appreciate a vacation that's totally off the grid
Norwegian Cruise Ship To Become 'Bud Light Hotel' For Super Bowl 2014 The 4,028-passenger Norwegian Getaway ship will serve as lodging and an entertainment venue for Super Bowl XLVIII. The boat
How 4 Airlines Are Celebrating Movember 2013 Right now is the time for men participating in Movember (a contraction of Moustache November) to go beyond a 5 o-clock shadow
In the Finger Lakes, Sampling a Bit of Everything The Beds The four-year-old Harbor Hotel (16 N Franklin Street, Watkins Glen) is central to exploring town and Watkins Glen
Top 10 Wine Destinations Around the World Bordeaux is one of the most respected wine producing regions in the world, producing everything from delicious table wines
Do Travel Companies Charge Too Many 'Junk' Fees? (POLL) My view of junk fees -- and, by the way, I'm right about this -- is far more inclusive. If a fee isn't adequately disclosed, can't be adequately explained and generates enough outrage, let's call it what it is
Air Travelers 'Don't Trust' Female Pilots, New Poll Shows If a woman's flying a plane, would you get off? Over the years, a few hotheaded males themselves have caused flight delays
This Might Be the Most Beautiful Castle in the World After spending time in Scotland earlier this fall, I think I've found the most beautiful castle in the world.
Slices of Heaven Pastry lovers, raise your forks. Cupcakes are a go-to for birthdays, and cronuts were a summer fling, but fall and winter are like playoff season for pie. With countless artisanal pie shops popping up over the country, here's our flaky bucket list of where to find the nation's best pies.
A Guide to Showering Abroad Cleanliness is next to godliness... which is right next door to the nude public bath that got you clean in the first place.
3 Ways to Get Outside for Fall The autumn leaves are amazing right now. Spend a little extra time outside before the trees are bare and the winter winds shut us inside for the season. Here are three easy and fun ways to get outside and see those leaves before they are gone.
Your Weekly Travel Zen This week's Moment of Travel Zen comes to us from Erica Sackett. Her photo was taken on a trip to Kenya's Mara Triangle. Narrow
The World's Most Scenic Airports Flying might not be as glamorous or luxurious as it once was, but there are still some things about flying that are... pretty
Premium Economy Class When Hawaiian Airlines announced their new Extra Comfort seating option a few days ago, they were just the latest in a line of airlines adding options for travelers flying economy -- for those of us who are fed up feeling squashed into standard economy seating.
Aloha Surf Journal's Indonesia Photography Will Leave You Dreaming Of Bali \Workers\ Visit Aloha Surf Journal to peruse or purchase their travel photography from countries like Australia, Fiji, France
13 Words You Must Learn Before Visiting New York 12. A place doesn\u2019t have to be in the upper part of the state to be \u201cupstate.\u201d New Yorkers kinda tend to think New York City
9 Beautiful Marathons Around The World That Are Worth Traveling For Another classic urban race, the London Marathon runs along the River Thames. Runners catch sight of the Big Ben, Buckingham
Ask Airfarewatchdog A
100-Year-Old Woman Fulfills Lifetime Travel Dream on Polar Bear Expedition When Elsa Bailey turned 100 last May, she still had a bucket list. And on it was her desire to see a polar bear in the wild. Last week Bailey got to realize her dream when she traveled to Churchill, Manitoba as the guest of Natural Habitat Adventures.
Elephants Outside Your Hotel Window I love Elephants! and so do you. They captivate us because they're in many ways so much like us. African elephants have lifespans similar to ours, they have unbreakable family bonds which we also treasure, and they raise their children to be survivors, a quality we admire.
Watch This Hypnotic Timelapse of Albuquerque's Balloon Festival A couple weeks ago, Albuquerque, New Mexico  held its 41st annual International Balloon Fiesta. It's a nine-day event where over 700 balloons see liftoff. It's the largest hot air balloon festival in the entire world and we were on hand to capture the action.
Teens Who Took Educational Trips Get Better Grades, Have Higher Incomes Than Those Who Didn't 59% said travel helped them get better grades. 86% said travel made them more intellectually curious. Did traveling while
It's Like Holy Land Monopoly Terminology is a delicate dance in the Holy Land, and settlers (who don't refer to themselves as that) have their own strict
Sizzling Deals at Kid-Friendly Beach Resorts There's nothing like cooling temperatures to make families start yearning for the sand, surf and sun. Here are five deals
The Sea of Galilee After a busy day of filming the major Christian sites along the Sea of Galilee, I enjoyed this view from my hotel window
18 Road Trip Hacks That Will Actually Make Your Trip Awesomer 4. Bring a real, actual map and a really big Sharpie. Google Maps is awesome for driving directions, but it\u2019s infinitely
America's 10 Sickest Slopes Sometimes you have to taste death to live life. Or at least that\u2019s what the Successories poster above your futon says. Unfortunately
Prepare to Be Probed Along America's Extraterrestrial Highway Astrophysicist Neil Degrasse Tyson recently questioned whether human beings were too stupid for aliens to contact. While he may have a point, if Neil's interested in finding intelligent life on Earth, he should road trip down the Extraterrestrial Highway. It's loaded with tiny gray men.
Unlimited Vacation Policies Might Be Too Good To Be True Such policies may be getting more popular, but they're not exactly new
New Orleans, Pitbulls, Parolees... and a Grand-Daughter We also visited the Misty museum where, stuffed, Misty looks almost frisky. It is a welcoming place for kids. From there
Nantucket For those who think of Nantucket as the kingdom of pink-and-green -- pretty but predictable and steeped in if not stifled by tradition -- you're in for a surprise. Some creative locals are hard-at-work reinvigorating the island.
Top 5 Ghastly Halloween Getaways Whether you prefer to partake in an eerie reenactment of history, a tour through a spooky graveyard or stay the night with a spirit (or two!), here's a few frightfully ideal destinations for Halloween enthusiasts this year.
Kindness Is Trending in Portland, Oregon The Kindness Incident 1 On my first full day, I took a hot yoga class in the NorthWest district near where I was staying
The Tiger of Bardia On my bicycle ride around the world, I had many strange and wonderful experiences, but the day I spent in the Bardia National Park in the lowland jungles of Nepal ranks near the top.
Cold, Wet, Dirty and Bored - Why \Roughing It\ Is So Good I know we aren't the only family that struggles with how to manage screen time, find meaningful ways to connect, and genuinely enjoy each other. After a weekend in the woods, I realized camping was the very reason we were able to disconnect, and thereby reconnect, so easily.
Notable Changes at the Walt Disney World Resort Although there are constant changes happening at Walt Disney World like MyMagic+ and the recent remodel of The Contemporary Resort Hotel's restaurant, The California Grill, there have been some significant changes at the Resort that may affect your vacation.
Running a Marathon With Haruki Murakami Early in October I flew to Minneapolis and ran my first marathon. It's astounding to me how many people do this on a regular basis because it really is a long way to run. What I want to talk about, though, is how I ran my first marathon with Haruki Murakami.
American Airlines Is The Most Popular Airline Amongst Eligible Millionaires While we don't usually recommend hitting on your seat mate, if you're looking for love, and you want that love to come with
Holiday Gifts For The Traveler In Your Life Take your Instagrams and print them too. Your beautifully filtered travel photos don't have to stay mobile forever -- printstagram
Am I Brave? My friends and family keep using the word 'brave' to describe me and my 'mature' year in Italy, but it makes me uncomfortable somehow, since I don't feel brave (and what does that mean, anyhow? somehow that's too philosophical a question for today, when my feet hurt!).
13 Spooky Underground Attractions Meandering the streets of a new city is a great way to feel the pulse of a place, but have you ever considered what's right below your feet? These 13 underground man-made attractions scattered around the globe boast spectacular histories as former dwellings, burial grounds, and even smugglers' tunnels. Plus, they're more than a little creepy.
The Most Unusual Massages Around The World Fire Treatment An ancient Chinese medical treatment, a towel is soaked with alcohol and an \u201celixir\u201d of sorts and placed on
Cool Telephone Booths Around the World Telephone booths may seem like a lost relic in today's iPhone age, but they're still out there. We found eleven interesting (but not always working) phone boxes in beautiful places -- you never know when you might need one!
Bucket List Adventures You Can Actually Afford Custer State Park is located just an hour's drive south of Mount Rushmore and is one of those places where reaching it is half the fun. There very few places on earth where you can actually get stuck in traffic because a herd of buffalo decided to cross the road.
Guidebooks Vs. New Travel Media The travel media landscape is changing. Newspapers are hiding behind paywalls. Travel magazine budgets are drying up. How does all this change affect guidebooks, perhaps the oldest form of travel media out there?
Top Places to Escape Thanksgiving Do you ever have the urge to escape Thanksgiving? Maybe you deplore turkey and cranberries -- or just the inevitable bulge that comes from all the gorging? Even if you enjoy the family time Thanksgiving brings, maybe you'd prefer a change of scenery?
A Moment of Dignity from the TSA It seems a little silly, I know, making a ceremonial occasion on an x-ray scanner in a bustling airport, but it was oddly moving too -- a moment of humanity in the middle of a dehumanizing process.
Love Letters It's thanks to you, Missouri Wine Country, that I feel at home in the Midwest and know that the level of hospitality that your people put forth is something truly special. When I leave you, I feel re-energized and committed to honoring you in the only way that I know possible - on the plate.
The Real Hotel From The Shining Is Digging Up Its Pet Cemetery No, this isn't a Halloween joke. The Stanley Hotel, that terrifying hotel that served as inspiration for Stephen King's The Shining, is digging up its historic pet cemetery to make room for a new wedding and corporate retreat pavilion.
6 Tips for Booking Holiday Travel The holidays are just around the corner, which means the window for finding affordable Thanksgiving and Christmas airfare is rapidly shrinking. The good news is there are still some tricks to saving money and your sanity, on your holiday travel.
7 Compact Digital Cameras If you're not a serious photographer, odds are your smartphone has taken the place of a traditional camera. But when you're on vacation, the rules are different.
Quirky, Lovable Austin, Texas As I got off the plane in Austin, the first thing I noticed was an airport gift shop displaying T-shirts that read \Keep Austin Weird.\ Weird? Austin is definitely quirky -- in a good way. At every bridge, park and intersection, Austin made me smile.
World's Most Horrifying Mummies If you haven't seen a real mummy (a.k.a. a body whose skeleton and skin have been preserved) since you were on a school trip, this is a good time to get reacquainted. So come with us on a crash course of the world's most \magnificent\ corpses.
Celebrating the Dead in San Miguel Day of the Dead is a profound day in which the line between the living and the dead virtually disappears. We are meant to evoke the presence and memories of our deceased relatives by drinking their favorite drinks, eating their favorite foods, and telling stories about their lives.
The Disney Magic Gets a Makeover The Disney Magic, the ship that launched Disney Cruise Line 15 years ago, has just emerged from a five-week, stem-to-stern makeover with more Art Deco dazzle and family appeal than before.
Exploring Israel and Palestine -- In Search of Understanding (and Some Great TV) I was in the Holy Land this spring scouting for these new shows. Now I'm excited to head back and start shooting with our
My Holy Land Shoot Finally Arrives For the last year, my usual laser focus on Europe has been diverted with preparation for our Holy Land shoot. With our regular
A Perfect Day In Amsterdam After living for six years in Amsterdam--arguably the greatest small city in the world--I've amassed enough experiences to fill several perfect days. But since \Several Perfect Days in Amsterdam\ doesn't have the same punch, I'll restrict myself to just one.
Travel Experts Share Their Best Tips For A Stress-Free Vacation (VIDEO) Travel writer Brandon Presser is no stranger to coping with less-than-desirable circumstances on a trip, like the time it
London, Travel Secrets From a Local We sent photographer Leila Peterson out with a DK Eyewitness Travel Guide
Travel With the Dead Travelers looking for something authentically creepy should note that a slew of blood-chilling haunts exist right below their feet in the form of the world's spookiest cemeteries. Plunge into an inspiring mix of history, sculpture and creepy fun.
Too Broke to Travel? This Agency Sends Your Stuffed Animals on Vacation If your wallet is a little too light to take that holiday vacation, a new service is offering an inexpensive way to live your travel life vicariously... through your stuffed animals.
8 Awesome Wellness Retreats You Didn't Know About Looking to get out of the daily hustle and bustle and finally take some \u201cme\u201d time, but don\u2019t know where to start? Of course
How to Karaoke Like a Boss in Seoul There's no better way to end a long night of getting wasted in Seoul than with a few rounds of ear-busting, brain-pounding karaoke. Koreans refer to karaoke as noraebang or \song room,\ which is exactly where you'll be going with your falsetto-fabulous Korean friends in Seoul.
Top 5 Haunted Hayrides There's nothing like a good old-fashioned hayride to get you into the Halloween spirit. Here are some of the best across the country.
America's Best Airports (PHOTOS) Portland, OR, has a reputation for hipsters, but its airport makes a positive impression on all kinds of travelers thanks to quality food and shopping options and the likelihood of an on-time departure. So, if your next itinerary includes PDX, consider yourself lucky.
10 Real-Life Horror Movie Sets That Are Too Creepy Not To Visit Mission San Juan Bautista in San Juan Bautista, California For fans of \Carrie:\ Palisades Charter High School in Los Angeles
The Faroe Islands Are Our Travel Tuesday Take a moment for a virtual Travel Tuesday escape to the Danish Faroe Islands. A serene haven of tranquil waters, green grass
10 Terrifying Bridges You Need to See to Believe From bridges so frightening that people will pay someone else to drive their car across to bridges that are just plain dangerous, these 10 bridges are the world's scariest. Are you brave enough to make it to the end of this story?
How to Trim Your Toiletries Kit I've written about this strategy a few times. (Read more in How to Pack for a Week in a Carry-on Bag.) I can't help repeating
How To 'Zen' Your Next Flight Take a mental break and picture yourself at a spa or just look out the window and the ground far below. On your way back
22 Places That Have The Same Names But Are Actually Absurdly Different Auckland, New Zealand vs. Oakland, California Auckland is famous for sailing, as its harbor is pristine. Oakland is famous
Historic Sea Fort Reborn As Luxury Hotel (PHOTOS) - Weather.com Today, it houses a circular plunge pool and sauna in its former rooftop gun emplacement, and its ammunition store has been
A Halloween Buffet We asked the web's best independent travel bloggers to send us their top \Weird Food\ experiences. We hit a goldmine of unusual, unappetizing, or just plain unnerving regional food photos from around the world.
11 Mysterious Graves Some graves are mysterious because the identity of those within is unknown. Others, because of the legends surrounding them. And some, because the location is not quite known.
A Brief Travel Guide to the Republic of Macedonia What comes to mind when you hear about Republic of Macedonia as a tourism destination? Unless you are from this region, a history buff or extreme travel junkie, you probably know very little about one of the newest European countries in the south Balkans.
10 Toughest Endurance Races in the World Anytime your race plan involves running on the white line of the highway to keep the soles of your shoes from melting, you know you're in for a suffer-fest. Here, based on my personal suffering and the suffering of others, is my top 10 list of the world's toughest endurance races.
Treasure Island \The Blaskets are a group of islands situated on the west coast of Ireland, at the tip of the Dingle Peninsula in Co. Kerry. They range in size from less than an acre to the 1,000 acres of the largest one, the Great Blasket,\ which has a great literary tradition.
15 Ways To Make An American's Day 2. Upgrade their order of fries to an XXL\u2026 for free. 14. Give them the hostel's WiFi password. 6. Show them a picture of
4 Haunted Bars to Visit This Halloween Where better to spend this spooky holiday than a place where you can simultaneously tie one on while listening for strange noises. And when you eventually hear them, you'll always wonder if it was the booze or the spirits (meaning ghosts, not hooch).
The 25 Spookiest Places Around the World These destinations retain their spooky reputation all year-round, so even if only one of them makes the cut for October 31st this year, you can still turn the rest into a frightening world tour if you want.
Balinese Bootcamp for the Broken Hearted Unchanneled passion. Blocked energy. A disconnection between heart and mouth. A deep belief in my own unlovability. Themes that babbled through my past amours and my relationship with myself welled up into a pool that I couldn't not gaze into. So I started to look.
Fall Foliage 
The Best Places To Go In 2014, According To Lonely Planet Each year, we look forward to Lonely Planet's take on the next places to visit. Their book, out Tuesday, highlights the best
5 Ice Hotels You Should Probably Book For Winter Break As temperatures drop, the ice hotel construction workers of the world are prepping to build another season's worth of awesome
Let the Superstitions Fly Here's a countdown of the 10 weirdest superstitious rituals (designed to ensure a safe flight), that we have heard. In the interest of preserving the dignity of those who were kind enough to share, however, we are keeping all quotes anonymous!
Where Chefs, Bartenders and Sommeliers Eat and Drink in New York With over 25,000 restaurants and bars in New York City, it isn't easy to navigate the dining landscape in the city that never sleeps. We asked the industry pros where they go. Here are restaurants and bars that chefs, bartenders and sommeliers recommend visiting.
Cliff Walking In Ireland When you arrive at Malin Head, you might feel that you have landed at the very edge of the world.\nThe intense wind will knock you over if you are not careful.  Best to stand with your back to it and brace yourself as you look out and wonder how ships have navigated these shores for centuries.
6 Of The World's Cheapest Destinations To Travel To On A Budget 3. Colombia A favorite of backpackers and gap-year travelers, in Cambodia you can get book a hostel bed for $4. The flight
Cockpit View Flying Into New Zealand Is Wondrous (VIDEO) For all of the annoyances that can come from air travel these days, something like this video from thewillyballs comes along
14 Times Traveling Was More Trouble Than It Was Worth 13. When flying from California to Utah then back over California was the cheapest -- and therefore only -- way you could
Your Weekly Travel Zen City parks are an oasis of individual tranquility in the midst of a hurried city bustle. Hyde Park feels of the care that
10 Mind-Blowing Bridges That Connect Two States (Or Countries!) \u00d8resund Bridge Links
22 Epic Places You Didn't Know Existed Ushuaia, Argentina Commonly known as southernmost city in the world, Ushuaia is the jumping off point for Antarctic explorers
Where to Be Daring and Go Baring This Halloween Halloween's the scariest time of year for kids and the sexiest for adults. It's the one time of the year where adults become more daring and baring at parties. Last year, for instance, Lady Gaga went to a Halloween party dressed just as a topless mermaid. Where do you go to be your barest?
What Am I Doing Here, Anyhow? A 67-Year-Old Woman's Year in Italy I have noticed a number of truths - \You can do that, Mom!\ \What are you talking about?\, said I, in utter ignorance....... \You
Oceania Cruises'  Marina Review - Celebrity Chef Jacques Pepin's first restaurant at sea - Bon App\u00e9tit magazine's first co-branded cooking school at sea
Fast Food Road Trip Stops You Must Make In The Northeast Another Southern staple you need to check out, Bojangles has chicken and biscuits down to a science. A really
Hot Israelis and Lawrence of Arabia's Bedouins There is no denying Tel Aviv is the Middle East's shining beacon of gay acceptance. And while Jordan doesn't exactly wave a rainbow flag to attract gay visitors, it is one of the most friendly to queer travelers in the Muslim world.
Is this America's Most Offensive Burger? Are you ready to eat the most blasphemous burger burger in America? Chicago's infamous metal-themed burger joint, Kuma's Corner, recently rolled out their monthly special, this time named 'The Ghost Burger.'
Hawaii Guidebook Writer on Responsible Tourism When I told the innkeeper that I was writing a guidebook to Hawaii, she sighed, \Why on earth do we need another one?\
Beautiful Bali Bali isn't exactly an unknown destination and for some, that's a turn off. True the island is packed with tourists, but exploring the unique Balinese culture and temples, as well as the hidden beaches, is still worth your time.
The 7 Most Mysterious Stone-Carved Faces That Ever Lived Leshan Giant Buddha, China An old Chinese monk thought the presence of a giant Buddha would calm turbulent rivers in the
Airport Amenities Make Travel A Little Less Stressful 3. Museums & Exhibits These perfect distractions from the stress of travel appear at 12 of the 15 airports. According to
7 Things Not to Miss in Buenos Aires La Recoleta Cemetery should be considered a must-see by any visitor. The ornate monuments are more than fascinating enough to occupy an afternoon, and many of the city's most famous residents lie in rest here
Rick Steves' Radio Gets the Gold This year the Society of American Travel Writers recognized my public radio show Travel with Rick Steves with a prestigious
10 Free Things Hotels Provide (in Case You Forgot) Before buying something you've forgotten to pack, always check with the hotel. To give you a sense of what kinds of things might be available, here are some items many hotels will provide on the house.
Packing Tips From Fashion Editors We're forever mystified by travelers who manage to pull together effortlessly chic ensembles absent a legion of heavy luggage. What's their secret? we asked some of the most well-dressed (and well-traveled) people around -- fashion bloggers and editors -- for a little help.
Going to Amsterdam? The Hague Is Well Worth the Detour The Hague -- seat of the Netherlands government -- had long been on our to-visit list. Everyone who'd advised us to go was right
Haunted Hotels Forget the haunted house. Those looking for a ghostly encounter this Halloween can get up close and personal with departed spirits in the luxury of a hotel room. Because who says you shouldn't have room service while you're feeling spooked?
America's Best Towns for Halloween (PHOTOS) For some of these towns, the holiday is an excuse to party, with pub crawls, pumpkin beer on tap and late-night shows. Others take a more low-key, kid-friendly approach, hosting costume competitions for pets or autumn festivals with corn mazes and apple-wine tastings.
America's Worst Airports (PHOTOS) We tallied votes on 67 domestic airports in six categories
Put Some Tongue In It // Lingua Franca We all know and bemoan \touristy\ when we see it. It smacks of cynicism and inauthenticity to have another culture presented to you through a preconceived lens. Picking up a new language - or an introduction to one - shows you hunger for something more than something prefabricated.
Language Facts Around The World Yes, we all know there are languages aplenty across the globe, but did you know that roughly 1/4 of the world's population
8 Weird Facts About Death Valley (and Why You Need to See it to Believe it) Death Valley is synonymous with extremes
Fantasy Islands - Whimsical Churches in Far-Flung Polynesia If you brave the distance and airline schedules, you'll be amazed by the fanciful stone churches that now grace the bays and hills of an island whose warrior inhabitants are credited with woolfing down the whole population of the nearby islet of Alofi in one cannibal sitting in the 19th century.
Museum Lovers' Guide to Milwaukee Milwaukee is more than cheese. Everyone knows that Milwaukee brought us Happy Days, Laverne and Shirley, countless breweries and cheeseheads. The barons of this proud industrial town funneled a large portion of their fortunes into \The Arts.\
Family Vacation Escape From Sibling Rivalry The rules for family vacations should really be about what is best for your family at this very moment in time. In reality, a vacation away from one another may be the exact vacation your family really needs, and may be a secret for bringing a family back together.
5 Of The World's Most Remote Destinations Require Crazy Travel But Are Totally Worth It Masoala National Park, Madagascar All kinds of exotic geckos call this leafy beachside forest home. It\u2019s got some wild coral
The Hip Hop Scene in Senegal The youth of Senegal have been busting out beats since the '80s. Today, they're influencing the rest of the African continent. Hip hop here is more of a cultural movement covering the social and political life in Senegal (kind of the way New York originally intended it to be).
Ryanair Hostesses Bare All For 2014 Charity Calendar For photos from previous years' calendar, check out the slideshow below. The proceeds from the calendar will go to Teenage
16 Reasons Why Door County, Wisconsin Is Better Than Wherever You Are Right Now (PHOTOS) During the fall season, when the colors really start to pop, this idyllic bit of countryside becomes one of the best places to experience a truly classic American autumn. Here are some very good reasons why you should go (and what you should do when you get there).
Life's a Beach in Myrtle Beach In my world Myrtle Beach was a place to go for golf, and well, Golf! It wasn't exactly the first family-friendly beach locale that came to mind. But I'd put it out there and with some guidance and help from friends, we created a plan.
Halloween Getaways from New England to Ireland For travelers looking to conjure spookiness while away from home this Halloween, there are a few unique hotels, which cater to those who refuse to surrender high thread counts while on the hunt for a good scare.  Here are some of the best.
Gourmet Gas Stations Are Perfect Road Trip Stops Whoa Nellie Deli Fast Gourmet Mentioned above, Chef Point cafe serves up a mix of homey comfort food like fried chicken, meatloaf
Hotels in Incredible Locations Some are on the beach and some are in cities, but all of these hotels earn perfect scores in the location category.
Paris Journal IX One of the hidden jewels of France is the Air France business class lounge at Charles de Gaulle. The lounge has a delicious
Landscape GIFs Are The Absolute Best Method Of Virtual Travel They are called landscape GIFs, and they're the most awesome way to see some of your favorite places in motion (as opposed
Off Season Escape The Red Lion Inn has hosted six presidents, John Wayne, and Bob Dylan, and is a \living, moving museum,\ says marketing and
Would You Stay at a Hotel Without Wi-Fi? I certainly understand why we think Wi-FI indispensable, especially when traveling abroad. We rely on it to check email, find restaurants, search maps... So what about the shrinking list of hotels that not only don't offer it for free, but don't offer it all? It sounds almost like, well, a vacation.
My Roman Holiday History Traveling to a city like Rome, with so much to see and learn, much of the day is spent on tours, roaming and exploring
Love Letters I believe the same things that make a great restaurant make a great city
7 Trips I Should've Taken Before Getting A Job Very few employers are interested in lending you three weeks to wander aimlessly, explore the greater universe, and \find yourself.\ Do it now.
Top Tips for Holiday Travel Travelzoo's Deal Experts have compiled Top Tips for Holiday Travel, a collection of expert advice to help travelers alleviate the stress of, and save money on, holiday travel.
How To Take Better Travel Photos Unhappy with your vacation snapshots? We tapped photographer Craig Easton for his best travel photo tips. Here, Easton shares his best advice for taking the best travel photos, whether you want to Instagram them or not.
Front Row at the Polynesian Super Bowl Soccer. Tennis. Swimming. Forget it
Ryanair Is Making Changes, Hopes To Improve Poor Image Another pledge from O'Leary promises to not punish those who make \genuine mistakes\ with hefty fees. In the past, Ryanair
Why Is Oahu's Top Tourist Spot The Number 1 Place For Drowning? 1. When in doubt, don't go out! The best way to enjoy Hawaii's ocean activities is to follow the basic rules of the water
What Millennials Can Teach Us About Travel They haven't been traveling long, but it may be that Millennials, those precocious darlings of demographers born in the mid-'80s, are the world's most accomplished travelers. Whatever your age, the travel tricks of Millennials offer generally good guidance.
Top 10 Destinations for an Endless Summer in Autumn Although the local leaves are turning colors, summer is still in full swing a bit further south and there's still a chance to take that last-minute summer getaway. From the incredible reefs of Honduras to hidden beaches in Brazil, here are the top 10 destinations for an endless summer.
Paris Journal VIII \I think I paint for people who are level-headed but who have an unspoken vice deep inside them. I actually like this state
This Is What It Looks Like to Give Up Everything You might be wondering why on earth I'm showing you a picture of my couch. Here's why
The Airline Fee Hater's Guide To The Skies Best For WiFi Users Alaska Airlines This is a tough one to call. Many airlines use Gogo, a service that sells an \u201call-day
10 Things to Know About Travel in Southeast Asia As much as we highly recommend you visit these places, the prudent traveler will do his/her homework as to abide the laws and traditions of these very different countries, as well as be prepared to face the risks, both financial and otherwise that could wind up tarnishing your vacation.
Coast With the Most Our base for the weekend's festivities was the Bacara Resort and Spa on the Gaviota Coast. This spectacular shoreline, the largest south-facing stretch of sand on the American Pacific, is one of the last remaining intact coastal Mediterranean ecosystems in California.
How to Save Money When Booking Travel Online Finding a good price online (especially during the holiday season) requires diligence and patience, not to mention a great deal of savvy. To help you get the most bang for your buck on your next DIY travel booking, we talked to the experts.
Announcing A Winning Idea For The Future of Travel That's why it has been an honor to be part of the Travel Brilliantly experience, and watch first hand how a prestige brand
Paris Journal VII The Cinematheque Francaise was the brain child of Henri Langlois. Along with Andre Bazin's Cahiers du Cinema, it became the
Family-Friendly Vegas Considered the ultimate playground for adults, Las Vegas can also make a trip fun for the whole family. Beyond the casinos and pool parties are thrills and adventures for even the youngest of visitors.
Best Beaches Coast to Coast With 12,383 miles of coastline in the United States, finding the best beach escape is no small task. Here are our eight picks for great sandy spots from coast to coast.
A Sicily Trip Isn't Complete Without Visiting Agrigento Temple of Juno A trip to Sicily, Italy isn\u2019t complete without a taste of their cream-filled cannoli and a visit to the many
Travel Agency Wants To Take Your Stuffed Animals On Vacation Do you or do you know someone who travels with their stuffed animals? Add pictures to the slideshow below! Unagi Travel isn\u2019t
The New York City Subway Is the Absolute Best Invention on Our Planet I'm 22 years old and new to New York. I moved here from L.A. 53 days ago. During this time, I have fallen truly, madly and deeply in love with the New York City Subway. When we're on the New York City Subway, everyone will be together. For better or for worse, in sickness and in health.
Friends Quit Their Jobs To Travel Country, Create Epic Time-Lapse Video While many people toy with the notion of quitting their jobs to simply travel the world, three friends turned that very dream
Kauai Attractions That Will Have You Ready To Book A Flight... Now 5. Breakfast at Kalaheo Cafe & Coffee Company Three words
Top 10 Suites You Didn't Know You Could Afford The following suites at prime destinations around the U.S. offer drool-inducing amenities at a price tag you can actually afford.  The trick is to plan ahead and nab them at the right time. Then, sit back and enjoy a \suite\ taste of the schmancy life.
Paris Journal VI Have you ever wanted to smash the display case in a museum and eat a masterpiece or some remnant of antiquity? You can gratify
Eerie Cemeteries Left To Nature (PHOTOS) - Weather.com ow does nature overtake a cemetery? Maybe the last living members of the group in charge die, or the families with relatives
Beautiful Great Wall Photos Will Make You Want To Book A Trip To China These photos, taken on a section of the wall at Mutianyu near Beijing, remind us why a trip to the Great Wall should be on
World's Cheapest Airlines 1. Pegasus Airlines Total average fare
How Can You Miss America's National Parks If They Never Go Away? (VIDEO) National parks define us as Americans. They represent everything that's right about us. In a country built on capitalism that celebrates the free market, national parks are quiet reminders that we aren't defined by the success of our economy, or even our government. There's more to us than that.
\Please Describe Your Moustache:\ Strange Visa Questions Revealed No matter how fine the moustache, travellers may be left scratching their whiskers in wonder if asked to describe it during
The Exceptional Traveler Tickets to Europe that were $500 two years ago, are now $1,000. If you look closely at the breakdown, you'll see that the base ticket price is still the same $500; it's the increased taxes, security fees, fuel surcharges, etc. that account for the whopping additional $500!
Kindness One I had to find a way to get from Turkey to India without traveling overland. This left me with two options
Rollin' on the (L.A.) River On that quiet, solemn walk I came to understand that the last few hours had been a defining moment for me. I realized for the first time that in travel, as in life, you have to know who you are. Who I am is a luxury travel writer. Who I am not is an adventure travel writer. And that's ok.
Your Weekly Travel Zen This week's Moment of Travel Zen comes to us from Susan Portnoy of The Insatiable Traveler. Her photo was taken on a trip
Travel Q & A A Trip to Yellowstone A
Fall Is Beautiful And Instagram Knows It, Too Oh, the chomping of the leaves, the perfect sweater weather, pumpkin-flavored everything, and the calm just before the crazy
Exploring Tokyo, the World's Most Populated City If you can conquer the world's most populated city, amongst 35 million people, you will build the confidence you need for your next vacation.
Hotels With Beautiful Art When traveling, many people don't realize they can experience beautiful art exhibits without stepping foot outside their hotel. From hotel hallways adorned with beautiful paintings to full art museums, these hotels come with a guaranteed beautiful view.
10 Great Spots For A Ghostly Encounter With Halloween on the horizon, how about a seasonal getaway where you'll have a good chance of seeing something plenty more freaky than fall foliage? No matter which you visit, you're guaranteed some spirited sightseeing, indeed.
Bangkok Travel My mission this trip was to boldly go -- well, a bit further east (and not just on the way to the airport).
Dear Luxury Hotels, You Are Almost Perfect, Except... 5. Small toiletries that refuse to release their contents-and you are similarly crawling around on the shower floor (See
Soul Searching in Seoul This photo of Seoul is courtesy of TripAdvisor If, even after all of this, you're still not feeling the presence of Seoul's
How to Persuade Airline Employees to Give You Free Upgrades [Video] \How can I get upgraded?\ You may be wondering. The most effective way to get an upgrade is simply to ask for it. There is, however, a right way to ask and a wrong way to ask.
Nada Fight Festival In Japan Involves Some Uniquely Diaper-ish Costumes What an awesome Nada Fight Festival! See you next year! This, ladies and gentlemen, is the Nada Fight Festival in Himeji
Sighi\u0219oara, Romania A blend of ancestral Latin identity cut with a history of Hungarian, Ottoman and Soviet imperialism, modern Romania's intoxicating composition manifests itself in language, cuisine, architecture and social cus
5 Hip and Cool Yoga Destinations Take your yoga practice to new heights with these beautiful destinations with unique, hip and cool yoga classes. Regardless of the style of yoga you typically practice, you will find life-changing experiences here. Grab your mat and check out my top five picks.
Bubbles and Bikes What do Superbike races and DOC Prosecco have in common?  More than you'd think.
U.S. Calls on China to Lift Flight Limits (VIDEO) China's continuing refusal to lift all limits on flights to and from the United States hurts Chinese business travelers and prevents Chinese carriers from enjoying the full benefits of access to the U.S. airline market.
Rich In History, Land and Architecture, Butte, Montana Stands Proudly As Big Sky Country's Vintage Jewel Truth be told, as an East Coast guy, I still see Montana as the proverbial Wild West -- and that's why it has so much appeal.   There are miles and miles of land and sky without so much as a glimpse of civilization, and the ranch where I stayed was historic and right out of a movie set.
11 Awesome Footbridges Around the World Modern and old, organic and manufactured, quaint and high, inviting and terrifying. Here's a list of 11 remarkable footbridges around the world.
Iceland With a Toddler - A Photo Blog \Why Iceland?\ My friends ask me when I tell them I just returned from an awesome trip. I'm happy to report it was our best trip yet! We had the time of our lives and I've got pictures to prove it. Here's what you can do if you're planning a trip to Iceland with a toddler:
The Best Places To Go To Be Your Wild, Single Self After A Breakup If you two were \u201cat different places in life\u2026\u201d Go off the grid-- who cares where you are? Lasqueti Island is located just
Things I Love About Tanzania Between affordable safaris to the legendary Serengeti ($150/night!), to the turquoise beaches of the Indian Ocean, to remote villages scattered among lush foliage, to lazy nights of drinking conyagi in Zanzibar... Tanzania is something the heart remembers.
A (Small) Dash of Soviet Nostalgia Jolted back to life by the screeching of iron, I quickly sat up in my bunk and glanced through the foggy window of my Soviet-era train at an ever-slowing blur of Cyrillic letters.  In mere moments I would finally step into the mysterious capital of Belarus, the notorious \last dictatorship in Europe.\
How to Celebrate Your Birthday Abroad This year, instead of putting myself through the entirely self-generated cycle of hype versus reality, I decided to just leave the country for my birthday. My best friend and I booked a trip to Greece, land of luxurious beaches, gorgeous sunsets and more than a little history.
7 Most Mysterious Places In The World Stonehenge in Wiltshire, England was built between 3000 BC and 2000 BC and modified throughout several stages the last 5,000
9 Hotel Libraries (And Library Hotels) That Bring Books To Life 7. Taj Falaknuma Palace in India A bevy of encyclopedias and a renowned Quran collection are just some of the Palace Library's
These Incredible Hotels Will Leave You Feeling Like A Completely New Person Instead, Healing Hotels of the World promotes rejuvenation in some of the world's most beautiful places. The website offers
Who's First in First? Best in Business? An Airline Round-Up There's no such thing as \pure\ business class or \pure\ first class anymore. Which airlines? Which routes? Which planes? On some airlines, business class is better than first class on other airlines. Some routes have fancier business and first. It's hard to keep up.
America's Ugliest College Campuses (PHOTOS) Campus exteriors are sometimes beautiful, often plain, and occasionally so ugly that students use the term \warts\ to describe building elements. While these campuses won't win any beauty competitions, if you're choosing a college based on looks alone, you're probably doing it wrong.
More Vintage Rick Steves Photos This is about the only photo I have of my first trip to Europe. It was 1969, and I was a 14-year-old nerd with my mom just
Paris Journal V The croque monsieur is a delicious sandwich made from ham and melted cheese. You can also have the jambon which is composed
Go Now America has so many breathtakingly scenic highways, it's no wonder that the family road trip is a national obsession. But summer isn't the only season to pack up the family and hit the pavement. In the northeast, fall foliage season is just hitting its peak.
The Top 10 Marvels of the Modern World While the ancient wonders of the world are indeed spectacular, this most recent millennium also has its fair share of jaw-dropping testaments to political, religious or simple human greatness. Here's our list of the most staggering structures hatched from the human imagination.
10 Good-Paying Travel Jobs You Could Get Today Got the travel bug, but still need to make a living? It\u2019s not as hard to find a travel job as you might think. You just have
Is Your Favorite Travel \Expert\ Blacklisted? Who do I trust? The answer may matter to you more than you think, because the folks I call my sources become your sources. They add credibility and context to the customer service stories that you read on my consumer advocacy site. But I also have a \do not quote\ list...
Norwegian Budget Airline Will Offer London To U.S. Flights At Crazy Low Cost Would you fly on one of Norwegian's long-haul flights? Let us know in the comments! Norwegian will compete with popular New
12 Reasons You Definitely Need A Buffer Day After Vacation 9. Make one-hour prints of your vacation photos to keep at your desk When we jump from blissful vacation mode into real-world
Best Vegetarian Restaurants in the U.S. (PHOTOS) As a visit to any of the nation's best vegetarian restaurants will affirm, there's never been a better time to eat your veggies.
Real Places From the 'Legend of Sleepy Hollow' The remarkable thing about this area, is that it's easy to imagine Ichabod being chased by the Headless Horseman to this day.
6 Great Destinations That Survived Sandy While so much work still needs to be done in many of New York and New Jersey's residential areas, several popular destinations have bounced back. From the Hamptons to the Jersey Shore, here are six popular places that survived the storm and why you should pay them a visit.
The Best Islands in the World Every year in our annual Readers' Choice Awards, we ask our fellow travelers to rate the world's best hotels, islands, airlines, and cruise lines. Just in time for getting your mind off of fall, we present the best islands in the world.
8 Haunted Roads That Scaredy Cats Should Avoid At All Costs Boy Scout Lane in Stevens Point, Wisconsin According to legend (well, one version of the legend anyway), a group of boy scouts
Best Places to See Fall Colors It's the most colorful time of the year! Here in the northeast, we're surrounded by beautiful shades of orange, red, and yellow as leaf-peeping season kicks into full swing -- but you don't have to be in just one region to appreciate all the fall foliage.
Resort Fees Explained Ah, those pesky resort fees. We've all encountered them in our travels, lurking on our hotel bills. The things included in your fees run the gamut from the sublime to the ridiculous.
America's Best Haunted Hotel Tours Hotels may have ghosts lurking their halls year-round, but those spirits seem to get awfully busy in October. Here are some hotels where you can try your hand at ghost-hunting.
Paris Journal IV You would think that \La mecanique des dessous\, subtitled \une histoire indiscrete de la silhouette\ current on view at
United Airlines Website Loophole Grants Travelers Unlimited Miles, Virtually Free Tickets Many have chosen to make noise about the recent verdict via a Change.org petition addressed to United CEO Jeff Smisek. Titled
Martha Stewart Always Packs Her Suitcase With Laundry Bags, Shoe Bags, Pencil Bags Martha puts her shoes in shoe bags. To pack slip-on footwear like ballet flats, Martha wedges the toe of one shoe into the
Escape Quotes Sfh Thrive gives us a few options. TWO
Love Letters For a special taste of what Maine has to offer, the annual Harvest on the Harbor showcases the best of Maine food and drink
An Abandoned, Believed Haunted, NASA Launch Site You Can Actually Visit Launch Complex-34 is a decommissioned launch site at Cape Canaveral believed to be haunted by the ghosts of three astronauts who tragically died there on January 27, 1967.  To this day, some NASA employees claim to hear screams and an overall dark feeling when near the pad.
5 Ancient Places That Are Still In Use And Waiting For You There are museums that you visit, and then there are museums that you live in. In the first century, the Romans built this
America's Most Haunted Places (PHOTOS) Ghost hunting has become big business, with paranormal experts offering as evidence dark shadows and orbs of light caught on film, recordings of strange noises and unexplained temperature drops. Get ready to conjure some spirits at these haunted places.
Flight Attendant Suspended For Playing On Phone After Passengers Told To Turn Off Electronics In a statement posted to Weibo and translated to English by The Huffington Post, Shandong Airlines said the crew member's
Lufthansa Offers New Life In Germany, If You Change Name To Klaus- Heidi Another name-change stunt made headlines recently when a Washington, D.C., husband and wife announced they would change their
10 Airports With Awesome Amenities Wether you've encountered a travel setback or you have some time to kill before your flight, this list of airports with awesome amenities will help keep you occupied in transit. After reading this roundup, you'll be begging for a longer layover.
Global Brushes With Officer Krupke - Law & Order \I'm the captain; I'll tell you what to do,\ the pocket Nelson of the sardine tin growled when I sweetly protested; \I'm
Paris Journal II Only in Paris can you find Le Petit Fumer, a shop which specializes in \la cigarette electronique.\ If you fell in love with
Croatia's Abandoned And Sunken Prison Is Now An Adventure Sportsman's Paradise Near the coast of Estonia, there's a bizarre abandoned jail known as the Murru prison complex. Convicts used to mine limestone
Tim Hall's Alberg Mountain Photographs Will Transport You Ski season is almost upon us. If you're missing the slopes, check out Hall's photos below! For more information on Hall's
Rick Steves Rick Steves Hipster Fashion Tip
The World's Five Weirdest Travel Pitches Just for fun, here's a sampling of the weirdest travel pitches that are out there right now -- flapping around, jumping up and down, and doing their darnedest to snag your attention.
Ivy League Only For elite alumni, the search for the perfect host or trusted tenant just got a little bit easier.
Maui Voted Best Island In The World... And Has Been For The Last 20 Years 1. Rainbows If Conde Nast Traveler readers are one thing, it's loyal. In the annual Conde Nast Traveler Readers' Choice Awards
A Death on the Yangtze An excerpt from \Riding the Dragon's Back, the Great Race to Run the Wild Yangtze,\ by Richard Bangs with Christian Kallen. At this point an American expedition is making its way to the source, but deadly waters boil ahead.
Kindness ONE What this trip is showing me is that we are all one. That the TV news and the negativity that we are bombarded by, everyday, although real, is not the fabric that so many people live their lives by.
Halloween Hookups 2. Seattle, WA The site recently polled nearly 14,000 single people who were traveling for the holiday. \u201cHalloween is a time
10 B&Bs Serving Up Paranormal Pinot Noirs And Scary Sauvignons Did you know some B&Bs make ideal supernatural playgrounds? These centuries-old homes have seen guests come and go, while others have decided to stay for eternity. Here are 10 inns ripe with supernatural activity and full-bodied fun.
Mount Fuji's 'Arrival Of Light' In All Its Instagram Glory Mount Fuji has long been a climber's dream. The tallest mountain in Japan, Fuji rises some 12,389 feet into the sky. Instagram
America's Best Small Towns, According To Rand McNally Most beautiful
Why You Should Open Your Eyes The folds of human nature and the tests of human skill unravel through the traveler's experience. So think the way a traveler would. Take every opportunity for what it is, not just what it looks like. Be inquisitive and curious. Everyone in this world has a story worth telling;
15 Funny Tourists Who Pose With Statues As If They're Real People Here are 15 travelers who took statues up on their invitations for interaction (without breaking their fingers off, of course
10 of the Most Beautiful Places to Visit in Ireland Outdoors lovers will find lots to be excited about in Ireland, with acres of wild and windswept countryside, cute-as-a-button villages and hair-raising coastal cliffs making up the country's surprisingly varied scenery.
Foreign Airline Perks Have Convinced Us Never, Ever To Fly Domestic Again It shouldn't surprise you that American airlines fail to top \World's Best Airline\ lists. All airlines have their issues
A Nighttime Road Trip Through Texas' Prettiest Ghost Towns Want to see America at its most fascinating? Would you mind if it were slightly eery at the same time? You\u2019ve probably never
British Airways Smartphone Bag Tag Could Save Time For Frequent Fliers Watch the video below for more information on British Airways' smartphone bag tag! Replacing the traditional paper bag tags
Welcome to Isla Mujeres Just off the coast of Mexico, within sight of crowded Cancun but a 20 minute ferry ride across the blue Caribbean, lies Isla Mujeres, a tiny coral island that is one of Mexico's true treasures. Isla is no tourist haven.
Paris Journal I How unoriginal surrealism was! It stole all its ideas from dreams and from earlier works of art. Dali et al were great promoters
5 Resorts in Colombia for Broke and Fancy Travelers Even the strongest backpacker renegades need to put down the pack, throw back a few cold ones, and stretch those weary legs now and then. Treat yourself to a hint of luxury, without shelling out the big bucks, at these five  backpacker resorts in Colombia.
Should Nature-and-Adventure Travel Companies Have Smartphone Policies? Do you think that nature-and-adventure travel companies should now have official cell phone policies in place? Have you ever had a bad -- or good -- experience with cell phone users on an adventure trip?
Your Weekly Travel Zen Where have you traveled for a moment of zen? Email travel@huffingtonpost.com with your travel zen or submit below! This week's
Britain's Largest Cave, Gaping Gill, Is Magical And You Can Explore It Gaping Gill, located in North Yorkshire, England, is Britain's largest cave and it's open to explorers. Spelunking dreams
Abandoned Subways In Cincinnati, Rochester, Chicago, New York (PHOTOS) - Weather.com In 1899, Illinois Telephone and Telegraph laid narrow-gauge railway in underground tunnels to help it excavate the tunnels
Retro Roadmap In the heart of Quakertown, PA -- just an hour north of Philadelphia -- the cheery red exterior of Sine's 5&10 Cent Store has been the gem in the crown of the downtown district for over 100 years.
America's Best Urban Distilleries Micro-distilleries have started popping up in cities across the country. A far cry from the bathtub moonshine of Prohibition, these small batch producers thrive on urban craft culture and trial-and-error innovation.
Colosseum Renovations Set To Begin, Rome Attraction Covered In Scaffolding (PHOTOS) Tod's, Italy's luxury shoe brand, is footing the 25 million euro cost of the project -- that's 33 million dollars! -- in
Serial Trespasser Bradley Garrett Takes Insane Photos Of Off-Limits Places Ritz-Carlton Residences, Chicago, Illinois Forth Rail Bridge, Edinburgh, Scotland Tour Horizons, Boulogne Billancourt, France
Cliff Jumping Around The World Snake River, Idaho CORRECTION
Shark Spotted By Four Seasons Maui Guest Vacationers at the Four Seasons Resort at Wailea in Maui were in for an exciting afternoon on Thursday. A guest spotted an
Traveling With Kids People ask me all the time which Hawaiian Island is best for kids. Here's how I'd break down the pros and cons of the islands in terms of hunting for a family friendly vacation.
7 Instant Ideas for Weekend Adventure I'm a big believer that it takes a lot less money than you might imagine to slip and slide around the world, but what it definitely does take is time. So when you don't have a lot of time, you need a good dose of weekend adventure. Here's some fuel for your weekend fire.
Is Your Travel Problem a Hopeless Case? The government maintains a \no fly\ list. Car rental companies keep \do not rent\ lists. Hotels sometimes blacklist guests. So it probably makes sense that your favorite consumer advocate has a \do not mediate\ list.
Riga - Through a Local's Eyes Four Riga locals share their favorite tips and recommendations, spanning everything from markets, like Latgal\u012bte market and Central market, to bookstores like Robert's Books.
It's Past Time to Put an End to the 'War on Shoes' Wrapped in our own suffocating vail of self-importance we, our nation's security apparatus, freely admits that we cannot protect our citizens or guests and keep our shoes on while doing it (no matter what the technologists say).
Kindness ONE Murphy's law states that when everything can go wrong it will. What Murphy didn't bargain for, however, was a Montenegrin farmer coming to save the day! Let me explain.
A Breathtaking Timelapse of Pacific Rim National Park With the U.S. National Parks currently closed, enjoy a visit to one of the most mindblowingly beautiful national parks in all of North America...Pacific Rim National Park. It's Canada's best-kept secret.
Great Dining in Amsterdam A loose movement called Nouveau Rough (the opposite of nouveau riche) is afoot in The Netherlands
This Is The Absolute Bluest Water In The World As fall descends, we're tired of looking up at orange leaves and craving a peek down at blue waves. So we embarked on a hunt
5 Must-Do Colombian Experiences (VIDEOS) For decades, authors, artists and filmmakers have used Colombia as a muse for masterpieces
Fall Road Trips [INFOGRAPHIC] Even in the digital age, road trips remain a classic American pastime. Why are they so popular?  Hitting the open road takes us out of our comfort zone, literally and figuratively. Here's a guide to the best routes in the Southeast U.S., as well as some great tips for your next road trip.
The Golden Age of Travel? From urban exploration and nature adventures to scuba diving, skiing, fishing, trekking, safari, visit great art museums, indulging in great cuisines, or just visiting family and friends -- the world is truly your oyster.
Betty White's Air New Zealand Safety Video Is Predictably Fabulous (VIDEO) Richard Simmons exercised his way through one. Bear Gryllis went outdoors for another. The \Hobbit\ was, predictably, involved
8 Things Not to Miss in Prague The heart and soul of the Czech Republic, as well as traditional Bohemia, are inseparably wrapped up in the amazing cultural confluence that is Prague. It's like stepping inside a fairy-tale picture book.
Let's Ride Back To The 1950s With The Orient Express (PHOTOS) For those of us without the time and luxury, however, we can still take a ride on this iconic train though stunning black
Episode 8 - Wellington With a Rock Star Wellington is windy and it knows it. Wind sculptures of all kinds greet you as you make your way from the airport into the heart of this small, blustery city. The place is alive and constantly in flux. Suitably enough, our weekend in Wellington was action-packed.
Why I Travel It's not the gig that has brought me this far. Whether I'm across an ocean, across the country, or just a few states over, every time I go somewhere to play music or write songs, the meaning of \home\ gets bigger.
How to Visit a Vineyard At Tenute Rubino's Jaddico estate near Brindisi, the harvesters are -- and always have been -- women
The Dark and Light of Solo Travel There are times, after riding for 10 hours on a bike, that you find yourself in unusually deep thought. This reflective time is significant and matters. There are also times when everything seems to go wrong.
Shadow Of The Bear Is A Truly Bizarre Annual Phenomenon On the side of the 4,930-foot Whiteside Mountain, an enormous \bear\ casts its shadow for 30 minutes (starting at 5:30pm
6 Ways to Never Pay Baggage Fees The busy holiday travel season will soon be upon us, which means crowded airports, higher airfares and -- if you're not careful -- hefty baggage fees. Traveling light when you have kids in tow can be challenging, but not impossible if you have the right gear and mindset.
5 Things You Must Do in Valencia, Spain Valencia may not be the first city you visit in Spain, but it will definitely leave a lasting impression. With mountains of paella to bust your gut and enough fire to burn your beard straight off, this city is well-versed in showing you a damn good time.
Love Letters If a stranger were to ask me about my heritage, I might reply that I'm an amalgamation of Pennsylvania Dutch puritanical restraint and Irish Catholic exuberance
Pointers, Please, for Spotting Wild Life Serendipity does sometimes smile upon me, and it did a few months ago when I was on a tossing, rolling tin motorboat on the roiling South Pacific off the Austral island of Rurutu in French Polynesia, looking for whales.
30 Epic Places You Absolutely Must Visit Before You're 30 9. The Dead Sea in Jordan and Israel With a Biblical history and a perch in the midst of modern conflict, this could be the
Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta Makes Instagrammers Go Wild It's that time 'o year again. The Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta kicked off Saturday in New Mexico, and hundreds
Saving Sea Turtles This past spring I was lucky enough to partner up with Tahiti Tourisme to create a series about biology on the island of Moorea in French Polynesia. I'm so proud to present episode one of my new series 'Adventures in Biology.'
20 Things I Learned From Traveling Around the World Long-term traveling can teach you more than almost anything else. About yourself, about life, about what you need to be happy. It's too easy to get complacent at home and if you aren't at least a little uncomfortable, you probably aren't learning anything.
Yoga Classes In Hawaii Are Gorgeous And Affordable Kauai
No Car Day Trips From New York City New York may be a teeming metropolis of opportunities, but there are plenty of fun alternatives just a short bus ride away. Try one of these day trips to breathe in some fresh, country air and take a break from the bustle of the city.
Foodie Trip To Thailand's Koh Samet Island The beach island of Koh Samet lays just a few hours drive and a short boat trip from the city of Bangkok. For an enjoyable and edible weekend, don't miss these local Thai treats and get a real taste of the island.
Naked Passenger Allegedly Challenges Captain To Fight, Gets Shocked With Stun Gun Instead (VIDEO) Police will only tolerate so many drunken antics. At airports, the limit is reached quickly when alcohol and nudity appear
These Insanely Extreme Road Trips Will Make You Want To Hop In Your Car Have you ever wondered how far you could seriously drive without getting out of your car? Because there are people who have
Is This the Best Thing to Happen to Airport Terminals? We've all been there. You line up at airport security and start putting everything on the conveyor belt -- shoes, laptop, scarf -- but then realize you packed a full-sized bottle of shampoo in your carry-on. Luckily, beauty company 3FLOZ is stepping in.
Climbing Major Mountains - For the Rest of Us To get an idea of what it takes to prepare for a climb up Everest or for any other advanced trek, here is a sample of the things that some guide services expect you to do before even hitting basecamp.
There's No Shame in a #LaterGram There's a lot to be said about putting down the technology and making a sincere effort to be present for every experience. When did we become a population more worried about what happens online than in real life?!
New Orleans Beyond Bourbon Street Where is the real New Orleans lurking? The one that has inspired artists, poets, and songwriters. The New Orleans that charms with its hospitality, beauty, and world-famous cuisine.
Soak Up Some Sand, Surf and Sun in South Central As a newcomer to Southern California, I'm still waiting to see the parts that aren't beautiful.
A Love Affair With an Island I've Never Met by Ian Madover How can it be that I have fallen in love with a land mass? And let alone one that is set between the Democratic Republic of Congo and Rwanda?
Here's How an American Bakery Became the Third-Best Restaurant in Paris Bobbie Maker transformed a derelict, unused corner of a restaurant on Paris's \u00cele de la Cit\u00e9 into a cheerful cupcake shop that briefly, if spectacularly, ranked as the third-best restaurant in Paris on TripAdvisor this summer.
How to Stay Safe While Traveling Solo Traveling alone, especially as a woman, will test your intuition, confidence, taste for adventure, and sense of self. The people you meet along the way will be a mirror to how you present yourself in that moment.
The Best Beer Gardens in Germany For Your Taste Hofbrauhaus is one of the most famous Oktoberfest tents, and Hofbrau is known far and wide as THE German beer. Kelley checked out the actual Hofbrauhaus, the historic, 5 story beer hall in downtown Munich and was surprised to find that it is NOT overrated.
Spanish Super-Fort Is a Must-See in Cartagena, Colombia Looking much like a mountain of concrete, the monster fortress of Castillo San Felipe de Barajas (named after Spain's King Philip IV) is in remarkably good shape. It covers a 130-foot-high hill towering over the city.
15 Hilarious Road Signs That Will Make You Giggle (PHOTOS) Accident prone...? Right? A once in a lifetime experience... Hey, it means \slow down\ in Danish. Just a heads up. Road trips
Where to Stay for Your College Homecoming For many people across the country, fall means two things
Deadly Morocco My son Walker wants to join me on an adventure in Morocco. I propose a rash undertaking, a trek to the Riff Mountains, the Mediterranean coastal range where the grass is greener, so they say... Not many tourists yet venture here.
Episode 7 - Life Is Good in Melbourne Traveling from Tokyo to Melbourne, we also traveled from winter to summer and from all things foreign to all things more familiar. We were surrounded by people speaking English for the first time in over two months on the road and this felt strange to us.
Six Things Your All-Inclusive Resort May Not Include. And Three Things You Won't Believe It Does. The Caribbean's high season -- which runs December through April -- is only eight weeks away, so it's not too early to start planning that warm-weather getaway. If you're thinking of going all-inclusive, know that not \all-incs\ are created equal.
Food Fights When you think of pasta, you probably think of Italy. Stories have long circulated, however, implying that the Chinese are in fact responsible for the creation of this culinary delight. And while NY-style cheesecakes are the best, America ultimately can't take credit for this rich and delicate dessert.
Trekking From Lodge to Lodge in the Mountains of Peru Clouds settle over mountains and hide them from view, then lift for a few minutes to reveal peaks turned gold in the sun. Fingers of mist creep into valleys, then melt into sunshine. Is it the most beautiful place in the world? It's near the top of my list.
Olana Stand on the hilltop at Olana, the Persian mansion that was once the home of famous nineteenth century landscape painter Frederic Church,  and you'll get  spectacular views of the Hudson River winding south through the valley.
The Renegades Return It was just a little over two years ago that The Garagiste Festival was a mere gleam in the eyes of co-founders. This November 7 - 10th, the Festival is showcasing the talents of 66 winemakers, all of whom handcraft under 1,200 cases of wine per year.
10 Best New Caribbean Resorts For 2013 The Caribbean's best resorts are constantly in search of ways to improve upon paradise. But in the past year, several new hotels have upped the stakes. No matter what you're looking for, there's a new (or at least much improved) hotel in the Caribbean for you.
National Parks Closed? Try These State Parks and Local Attractions Instead In these bizarre times, it's best to keep an open mind, especially when the government suddenly throws a wrench in your national park vacation plans. For those seeking take a trip anytime in the foreseeable future, all is not lost.
The 20 Greatest Movie Pilots You'd Want To Fly Your Plane Next time you hear the voice of your captain speaking, imagine how much more fun your flight'd be if it were one of these
Skip the Lines Fortunately, a few programs let you avoid some of the worst of those lines, at least sometimes, and at some airports and borders. The key is to get into a \trusted traveler\ program. Once in, you can bypass at least some of the usual repetitive hassles every time you travel.
10 Cures for the Chronic Overpacker Can't seem to travel without an overstuffed bag? We're here to help. If you're a chronic overpacker, these 10 tips will cure you of your bad packing habits forever.
Zurich Looks Fabulous In Stunning Black And White Photos London's done them. Berlin rocked them. Now, Zurich is stepping out in shades of black and white. The Swiss city is currently
Your Weekly Travel Zen And to see our past featured Moments of Travel Zen... Washington, D.C. has had a rough week, so we thought we'd show our
20 Scary Things You Secretly Think Might Happen On A Plane 2. The lavatory might run out of water (like we said, COULD HAPPEN), thereby forcing you to hold your pee until landing. 19
5 Hotel Steals Sunriver Resort Where
5 Exceptional October Getaways Outer Banks, North Carolina (photo
5 Steps to Finding Great Gelato When is a scoop of gelato more than just a scoop of gelato? When it's made from a prized, third-generation, so-secret-its-not-even-written-down Florentine recipe in which the only ingredients are milk, eggs, sugar and dairy adoration.
Low-Key Beaches Will Let You Escape The Bustle On Your Next Vacation So you\u2019ve heard of St. Barts? Try Vieques, Puerto Rico St. Barts is famous, but it\u2019s also a hub for famous actors, famous
Scared To Travel Alone? Here's How To Prepare Yourself ...looking for more than just a beach vacation.. Get started
15 Reasons Why October Is the Best Time to Visit Disney World Once school starts up, the crush of family vacationers thins out and makes October one of the prime months to enjoy the Disney World Parks. Shorter lines and a little elbow room means you can spend more time hanging with Mickey.
Lodi is for (Wine) Lovers A more economical choice, the Lodi Holiday Inn Express (1337 East Kettleman Lane) is close to downtown and offers comfortable
6 Things About Travel That'll Really Make You Mad These six things should make you come unhinged, too. They're flat-out wrong and beg for regulation.
Pope Francis Visited Assisi, And You Should Too It should also be noted that Assisi is also home to the Basilica of St. Clare. Crowds gathered at St. Francis Basilica in
How to Take your U.S. Cell Phone to Europe and Not Go Broke Whether you've picked Spain, Portugal or Italy for your self guided cycling tour, chances are you'd like to stay connected with friends or family using email or social media. It's essential to plan ahead when deciding on an international cell phone plan or SIM card for your travels in Europe.
Europe's Most Beautiful Villages The notion of postcard-perfect villages steeped in old-world charm has inspired centuries of travelers to fan out across Europe, seeking its secluded hamlets.
All The Places Listed In 'Kokomo' In Order Of Appearance Herewith, the tropical spots listed in that dreamy song. Kokomo And for your viewing pleasure
'World's Most Traveled' Man, Mike Spencer Bown, Heads Home After 23-Year Journey \We have never seen people like this man,\ Omar Mohamed, an immigration official, told the Agence France-Presse of his visit
Fall in Love As the weather cools and we stand a little closer, there's no denying that autumn is the season when summer flings fall in love. It's time to break out that new wardrobe and hit the town (and country) with one of these romantic dates near San Francisco.
Three Days in Ogunquit, Maine Arrive in Maine mid-day. If you're coming from the south, which most of you are, take \The Yorks/Ogunquit\ exit off of I-95. Rather than turning left toward Ogunquit at Rt. 1, go straight into Stonewall Kitchen's parking lot.
Open Our Parks This isn't a political opinion. This is a plea. Open our parks. We've been traveling across the U.S. visiting National Parks, State Parks, National Monuments. We're disappointed by the closures, but it isn't us that I'm most concerned about.
The Exceptional Traveler Depending upon what you enjoy doing, you can combine travel and volunteering in virtually any part of the world.  Here's one suggestion for people who like to drive, take beautiful walks, be dazzled by nature and world-class views, relish peace and quiet, and seriously love animals.
Government Shutdown Ruin Your Vacation? Try These Parks Instead! Don't let the government shutdown get you down. Just do what a real adventurer would do
How To Create The Ultimate Playlist For Your Next Road Trip The song of yesterday's moment Some people are late bloomers and just realizing that this song was so two weeks ago, but
Shutdown? What Shutdown? How to Prevent the Government Closures From Ruining Your D.C. Vacation You don't have to let the political antics on Capitol Hill spoil your travel fun in Washington D.C. Check out the \Washington D.C.
Risky Life and Dreams of a Tub Thug Pimp Alighieri took this like a joke tricks tell themselves. Alighieri treats me like a trick who doesn't know what he needs - just
24 Hour Things To Do In Chicago 2. Be a writer for the night Begin your quiet late-night voyage to intellectualism with a browse through the narrow aisles
Turkey's Black Sea Region Theh Black Sea Region has stunning Alp-like vistas, castles, ancient monasteries carved into cliffs and charming seaside villages with ancient Ottoman homes, but it is its people -- it's open-hearted, joyful people -- that are the true treasure.
A Starter Kit To Vietnam Vietnam is one of Southeast Asia's fastest-growing countries. Its vibrant cities are booming, UNESCO World Heritage Site Halong Bay is expanding its tourism infrastructure, and top hotels have recently debuted. Visitors will find the locals friendly and resilient, the countryside and beaches utterly tranquil, and the street-food culture a palate-pleasing experience.
Escape All The Craziness With These Relaxing Vacations Head to St. Barts. If this isle of chicness can calm Lindsay Lohan down, imagine what it could do for you. First, your biplane
Ways to Avoid Apartment Rental Scams For travelers craving a unique and personal place to stay, vacation rentals can provide the ultimate experience. Whether you're a first-timer nervous to ditch traditional lodging or an experienced host or guest, these tips will help you avoid scams and make the most of your stay.
Road Trip Through Wild Wild Florida. Part III. Before gleefully gliding south to the Florida Keys, I want to mention a few places of interest (to me!), scattered around the state, which you may miss if not informed (by me!) of their existence.
5 Fascinating Former DDR Locales For Germans, October 3 marks the Day of German Unity (Tag der Deutschen Einheit), a national holiday commemorating Reunification in 1990. The country's five eastern German states merged with West Germany to form one nation shortly after the fall of the Berlin Wall.
Love Letters Weekend getaways also offer silent moments in a very hectic life to reconnect with my creativity and seek inspiration. Now those weekends stretch throughout each summer as me, my husband and five-year-old son, Quinn, soak in the small towns with city charm.
Madrid vs. Lisbon Spain and Portugal are like fresh sangria and old port. They are different tastes. And while the Euro has helped to remake these countries in some similar ways, the two are like neighbors who roll their eyes at the shouts and spicy smells that drift from next door.
QUIZ It's ok-- it took us a while to remember the difference between the Parthenon and the Pantheon, too. But some less-than-savvy
Climb Every Mountain...Ford Every Stream Exploring Thor's Woods in Iceland in our super jeep, we crossed a wet, volcanic desert by fording rivers with abandon.
Super Scenery in a Super Jeep Adventure tourism is a big deal in Iceland. I spent a day exploring sparse volcano country in a rugged \Super Jeep\ with
The One Thing That Nearly All Air Travelers Agree On If so, chances are the person sitting behind you is really peeved. Are you one of those people who presses the seat-recline
Iceland -- Meet in the Middle Most farming on Iceland is about raising animals, because grass is about all you can grow on the thin and poor soil. Icelanders
The Most Scenic Rides On Amtrak Trains Despite what you think you know about train travel -- it's slow, expensive, and prone to robbery by masked men on horseback
Chinese Tourism Etiquette Guide Reveals Bizarre Travel Tips Other tips from the guidebook, according to the Daily Mail, include
How to Own Your Next Family Road Trip Road trips
State Parks Open During The Goverment Shutdown Will Swoop In And Save Your Vacation CALIFORNIA Instead of
Glass-Bottom Boats, History and Monkeys at Silver Springs (PHOTOS) Glass-bottom boats were invented and launched in the 1870s at Silver Springs near Ocala, and visitors still climb on board to get a look at fish and fossils below the Silver River's surface and critters and birds above it.
National Parks Are Closed And Instagram Is Sad About It (PHOTOS) The United States government shutdown closed all 59 beautiful national parks yesterday and we're really sad about it. Apparently
Places Abroad That Are Also Closed Due To The Government Shutdown Well, we didn't think of this. Not only are national parks closed at home, but tourists abroad will have a hard time visiting
Teaching the Joy of Reading in Zambia Today is my first day on the Book Bus, a literacy charity founded by Tom Maschler, the creator of famous literary award the Booker Prize. I, along with five other volunteers and project leader Kelly, are slowly making our way to Twabuka Primary School.
6 Hotels With Great Bars and Cocktails Fancy cocktails are certainly having a moment as bars, restaurants and even hotels around the country are attracting visitors in search of unique libations. If you live in, near or are traveling to one of these cities, hotel bars are definitely worth a visit.
Traveling With Kids Hawai'i Volcanoes National Park rocked my kids' world. Heck, it rocked my world. Where else on the planet can you see prehistoric landscapes, land boiling to life, LAVA!, and such stark lessons of the geology of the earth?
America's Strangest People Eccentricity makes New Orleans a natural contender for the nation's strangest people. Readers rank 35 metropolitan areas for features such as live music and food trucks as well as their residents -- be they smart, attractive, or, indeed, lovably weird.
9 Tips to Becoming a Modern Day Explorer Exploration has never been more popular than today. It is alive and well. The simplistic claim that apart from the deepest oceans and outer space, there is nowhere left to explore, is wrong. The world isn't fully explored and never will be.
Discovery Channel's 'Hawaii' Shows Just How Amazing The Islands Are \u201cIt was nature\u2019s greatest experiment in evolution, an experiment that asked a big question
The Hotel Bristol in Vienna Is One the Best Hotels in the World Have you ever dreamed of going to Vienna? I went to Austria to discover my roots. Like the taste of the dark, rich, chocolate in Sacher Torte, I fell in love with the place, people, horses and its history.
Non-Beach Hawaii Activities With 75 degree water temperatures, year-round surf and some of the most vibrant sea life in the world, it would be easy to
6 Ways To Kill Time At The Airport Disclaimer
Vintage Paris Photos Take Us Back In Time On Travel Tuesday Seine River and Notre Dame, 1959 We\u2019ve all heard of the Eiffel Tower, Notre Dame, and the Arc de Triomphe. They\u2019re all on
What the Government Shutdown Means to Travelers With a government shutdown starting today, here's what travelers need to know about travel.
World's Greatest Dream Trips Cruising the fjords of Norway. Beach-hopping around Kauai. Seeing the new Seven Wonders of the World... Here are the the destinations readers most want to experience.
Hardcore Leaf Peeping Cozying up to a mug of cider, wooly sweaters over flannels, logs crackling in the fireplace. There's nothing better.  But when it comes to fall trips, we want to get out of our comfort zone. We want to take on the great outdoors. Here are the best autumn trips for adrenaline junkies.
12 Must-Try Street Foods Around the World \Street food makes travel interesting,\ Bourdain explained. \It's very easy to travel around the world and look out the window and not know where you are...That's not the case with street food. In Mexico, you'll know if you're in Puebla or Mexico City---you'll smell, see, and taste the difference.\
A Guide to Air-Passenger Rights in the U.S. and Europe It's important for passengers to know their rights when faced with air-travel snafus, from delayed flights to overbooked planes. The following is a primer on basic air-passenger rights in the U.S. and Europe.
World's Most Beautiful Museums There's nothing like a relaxing afternoon spent basking in the glory of world-famous paintings and sculptures -- not to mention picking up a keepsake in the museum shop. Here, our favorite collections of art, and suggestions for must-see masterpieces and gift-shop grabs.
Tips for Booking Thanksgiving Airfare This Year The Thanksgiving holiday is still a ways away, but the race to book reasonably priced airfare has already begun. Not all hope is lost, however -- there are still plenty of great fares to go around if you're strategic about finding them.
Colorado Ski Towns Get Ready For Legal, Recreational Marijuana For The Upcoming Season Forget the shot-skis, thanks to the passage of Amendment 64, Colorado ski towns are bracing for pot-skis. Ski towns including
[WATCH] In Prison for a Decade, Walking for 13 Years. Meet Brad. People always talk about how you'll meet unique characters if you embrace travel, but you don't always expect to meet someone who's personal story is jaw-dropping. That's what happened when I met Brad.
Om-ing in on the Best Hotels for Yoga Because September is National Yoga Awareness Month, hotels are offering up deals to help first-time yoga practitioners get their downward dog just right.
5 Fall Weekend Getaways for Under $500 Just because fall is setting in and there's little time to relax doesn't mean that you don't have time to get away for a weekend. These five, quick, two-day escapes are all within driving-distance from major cities across the U.S.
Around the World in Eight Days The eight day trip started out with an absolutely must see stop at the Tsukiji Fish Market at 5 a.m. Even at that hour the place is bustling with activity.
Bhutan a Happier Place With Books When Claire Thomsen was 11, her parents pulled the rug out from her comfortable Malibu existence. They sold the family business, rented out the house, and spent the year roving the world, 27 countries in all, with Claire in tow...
6 Countries You've Definitely Never Heard Of Kiribati If you clumped together all 33 of Kiribati\u2019s teensy islands, they\u2019d be about the size of New York City. But the
Battleship Island, Creepy Abandoned Society In Japan, Offers Public Tours What's left behind are remnants of a society so eerie that it's said to have inspired the setting of a James Bond film. The
Beyond Beer and Lederhosen Autumn in Germany may be synonymous with beloved Oktoberfest, but this European powerhouse has more to offer than beer, pretzels and lederhosen. These German destinations beyond Oktoberfest will leave you feeling like this is one of the most underrated corners of the world.
Great Moments in the Sky There are plenty of things I love about being a flight attendant
Sleeping in a Nicaraguan Canyon I'd bought a plane ticket and it had taken me to this place. The rain fell and the river flowed. You put one foot in front of the other and they take you to different places, people and moments.
Seven Things You (Maybe) Shouldn't Buy Before You Travel Should you insure your trip? Do you really need those extra inches of legroom? Is an expedited-passport service worth the cost? We have the answers. Here are seven things that you can probably do without on your next trip.
What's Open And Closed In Washington, D.C. During A Government Shutdown WASHINGTON -- If the federal government shuts down at midnight, it's not just federal workers who will feel the effects. Tourists
Your Guide to Cocktails in London London is known for having the best pubs in the world, but don't overlook the cocktails! They range from experimental and refined to classic and refreshing.
The Best College Towns To Visit This Fall College towns are at their finest in the fall. Students are fresh-faced, leaves are changing, there's football and beer, nostalgia
Your Weekly Travel Zen Check out more stunning photos of Hawaii in the slideshow below! Where have you traveled for a moment of zen? Email travel
8 Things Not to Miss in Istanbul Rome may be The Eternal City, but Istanbul can make a pretty good case for immortality too. The cities are about the same age and for much of that time the larger, wealthier, and more influential of the two was not the one in Italy.
The 5 Types Of Traveler You Don't Want To Be... Or Be With When you catch the Texter with his nose to the screen yet again, pull him into a conversation. It\u2019s easiest for him to slip
9 Outdoor Hotel Tubs You Need To Soak In The Westin Trillium House, Blue Mountains, Ontario, Canada The Ridge Tahoe Resort Hotel, Lake Tahoe, Nevada Anantara Dhigu
Celebrity Chefs - of the 1930s - at London's National Portrait Gallery To me, the interest lies in the depiction of these chefs -- who were at the top of their profession -- not as grease-spattered toilers in steamy basement kitchens but as dignified artisan-managers. As we think of chefs today, they were figures to be admired as creators, not despised as servants.
Moonbows Are Awesome And Here Are The Best Places To See Them We love rainbows. We even all know that we love facts about rainbows. But what about moonbows, which are created by moonlight
Road Trip Through Wild Wild Florida. Part II After grazing the west coast of Florida in my previous blog, let me take you now to the east coast, the side that starts at the Georgia border and ends at the very bottom of the Florida Keys, via Miami.
Top 10 Conference Hotels Worldwide Do you want an elite place to meet? For your next conference, check out, then check in to one of the Top 10 Conference Hotels in the World.
Best Walking Shoes for Travel (PHOTOS) Despite the uneven cobblestoned streets of the Eternal City, tennis shoes are a no-no
Best Gay Honeymoon Destinations (PHOTOS) The historic Supreme Court overturning of DOMA in June 2013 coincided with simultaneous gay marriage victories in France, the United Kingdom, and Brazil, creating a boomlet of honeymoon spending among this pink dual-income, no-kids demographic.
A Private Visit to Stonehenge The first time I saw Stonehenge was at night a dozen years ago; it was exactly midnight, in fact.
When To Buy Plane Tickets For The Holidays It happens every year. We celebrate Labor Day and it's a sleigh-ride into the holidays. As Thanksgiving is under 70 days
Wat Arun's Temple Of Dawn Starts Three Years Of Construction Wat Arun is famous for the steep steps leading to the Temple of Dawn, which reflects morning sunlight with a particularly
8 Places You Can Only Appreciate And/Or Get To At Low Tide At high tide, about 260 yards of water separate this island from \u201cthe mainland,\u201d which is actually just a bigger island off
Best Budget Friendly All-Inclusive Resorts These resorts really are all-inclusive
Why You'll Love Your Layover at Incheon International Airport Just the mention of the word delay, cancellation, or layover is enough to make even the most laid back traveler cringe. Fortunately for those connecting in or traveling to Seoul, Incheon International Airport is an exception.
Why Breaking Rules Isn't Always Bad Once you understand the reasons behind some of the airline ticket restrictions, you'll quickly conclude that rules are meant to be broken, if not by passengers then by the airlines themselves.
World Tourism Day Being Celebrated In Maldives This year's theme is \Tourism and Water
Fodor's 100 Hotel Awards A remarkable hotel stay is the stuff of lifelong vacation memories. And we are here to help you find the truly best stays around the world. Here are our eight picks that should top your priorities list, from a renovated palace in Venice, Italy, to a modern hideaway in Chile.
Monkeys and More in the Peruvian Amazon It took two days to get here, via a narrow wooden boat with a very big outboard motor. As the boat weaved up the wide, fast flowing river through a maze of partially submerged trees, I watched one of the world's most diverse biospheres slip by.
6 Ways To Avoid Looking Like A Tourist Abroad 6. Don't be a stereotype. 4. Learn the language. Make sure you know the temperature and clothing norms for the destinations
An Abandoned Adventure Is In Your Own Backyard (PHOTOS) Traveling to abandoned places has become a thing. Who doesn't love the thrill of exploring an eerie, deserted spot? This
Why Does It Take So Long to Get Through Airport Security? Although the TSA is set to expand its popular PreCheck fast lanes this fall, the agency is under pressure to speed up screening for even more fliers, so all aspects of the checkpoint experience are being scrutinized.
The Dark Side of Traveling You Don't Write About in Postcards Deep inside travelers lies a dark secret. It presents itself innocently enough, just a twinge as you're walking a foreign street, a slight ache that's probably just a little fatigue or hunger or maybe sun poisoning? Could you be -- no, you won't even let the word slip into your frontal lobe.
The Secret to Raising Happy Kids When I ask my children where they want to go, I mean it. I want them to dream big and travel far. I want their answers to not match. I want them to have a Bucket List and Someday Dream. And then? I want them to go.
Volunteering Abroad With Kids You already travel regularly with your kids. You know that family travel can be eye-opening and foster better global understanding. Are you ready for a volunteer vacation? Here's what you need to know before volunteering abroad with kids.
Love Letters Las Vegas, you are my one true love. You make dreams come true. You provide happiness to the lost. You inspire the uninspired. And you continue to earn your place in my heart.
Secrets Of A Yacht Stewardess, As Told By Julie Perry When many people think of what this job entails, they hear things like, \u201cyou\u2019ll be filling a bartender/server role at times
6 Beautiful Canals You'll Probably Want To Visit Soon 2. Monmouthshire and Brecon, South Wales People have been trying to build a canal like this since the seventh century BC
The Poshpacker Hostel Finder Generates Cheap, High-End Accomodations The very idea of a luxury hostel was once an oxymoron, but what started as an unusual phenomenon in a few forward thinking
Hello, Iceland Right off the plane, I took a taxi to the hotel and hopped on a whale-watching boat for a three-hour tour, a three-hour tour
17 Photos of Hawaii Rainbows To Brighten Your Day A passing weather system caused some uncharacteristic weather in Hawaii on Tuesday
The World's Most Dramatic Coastlines For fans of the coast, the end of summer doesn't necessarily mean the end of beach trips. The world is full of spectacular coastlines, many of which are more famous for their breathtaking views, cultural heritage and unique geography than for their hazy beach-bum appeal.
From Planet of the Apes to the Apes of the Planet I never intended to be a myth-buster, but I'm not disappointed, however sorry Fox is. The trip is too interesting for that, the landscape, yes, too otherwordly, far too awesome in the word's original sense before its current one-stop usage.
The 10 Types Of People You'll Meet On A Plane The \Important\ Businessman Defining characteristics
Let's Make Puglia the New Umbria You know how certain regions of certain countries get all the fame and household-word status while others nearby remain obscure? That's how it is with Puglia, the long straight strip that forms Italy's \heel.\ It has beaches! Ruins! Friendly locals! Award-winning wines!
Outrageously Lavish Hotel Suites By Christian L. Wright, Cond\u00e9 Nast Traveler More from Cond\u00e9 Nast Traveler
11 Best Winter Getaways to Lock in NOW We know, we know
It Is Possible! How to Fit Everything You Need into One Carry-On You can't be a slave to the fashionistas when you're a slave to the overhead storage bin. My system may not be stylish, but it has stood the test of hundreds of thousands of air miles. Here is the unvarnished truth about what my wheelie looks like when you open it.
9 Eco-Friendly Travel Products To Pack For A Green Vacation Vacuum Insulated Steel Bottle with 2 Cap Combo -- Kleen Kanteen It\u2019s crucial to stay hydrated while flying, and those itty
Market Scenes in St. Petersburg Pickles are a big part of any market scene, partly because when a Russian man thinks of vodka, he also thinks of pickles
A Trendy St. Petersburg Park -- Courtesy of a Shadowy Benefactor Back in the 1990s when the Soviet Union collapsed, the ownership of Russia passed from the state to the people through a
Salar De Uyuni, Bolivia's Blissfully Beautiful Salt Flat, Is Our Travel Tuesday ...and to be silly... The Salar de Uyuni was created when a prehistoric lake dried up and left a salty crust behind. When
Natural Beauty in East Africa East Africa is a land of amazement, and the combination of stunning scenery and several of the most majestic and fascinating animals on earth makes this area a mecca for nature lovers.
10 Coolest Small Towns in Europe America hasn't cornered the market on Coolest Small Towns! Sure, we love London and Paris as much as the next traveler. Over the years, some of the most charming, delicious, historic, and cool places in Europe are off-the-beaten-path villages. Good things really do come in small packages.
Ask a Flight Attendant What's the best way to annoy a flight attendant? What's the best way to get on a flight attendant's good side? We sat down with a flight attendant at a major passenger airline to learn what it's like being part of the cabin crew.
A Guide To Disney World's 'Hidden Treasures' Explore more infographics like this one on the web's largest information design community - Visually. by Brafton. Do not
Exotic Delicacies Around The World That Could Kill You That dish you're devouring is always tastier with the knowledge that it once had the opportunity to eviscerate, sting, and
Where to See New England's Best Fall Foliage Every fall, New England rolls out a foliage carpet dressed in blazing oranges and reds, yellows and purples. It's the perfect time to visit the region. If you're planning a trip to the region, here are the most stunning places to see fall foliage state-by-state.
Travel While You're Young \This is the time for small paychecks and big memories. This is the time for travel.\ It's now or never to make travel a part of your life. You say you'll get to it later, but if it's not important now -- when you're young and limited in your responsibilities -- when will it be?
The Rise of the Adventure Honeymoon There was a time when honeymoon couples were happy with a room on a beach and thick curtains. Now couples are demanding so much more, with many embarking on adrenalin-packed adventures.
Your Weekly Travel Zen On a recent trip to Northern Arizona, I was stunned by the peaceful beauty of the desert -- especially the dramatic red rock
Beers and Brats \O'zapft is!\ is the proclamation that jumpstarts Oktoberfest festivities across Germany, but the celebrations in America have found other unique ways of getting the party started
The European Cheap Beer Map *Disclaimer
Holding The Sun Photos Have Us Longing For The Outdoors this, We'd all like to do it. Hold on to the last slivers of summer before we hang up our bikinis and swim trunks for our
10 Best National Parks For Fall Trips Come autumn, many of America's National Parks are at their most visually stunning. It's not only the fall foliage that amplifies their beauty, but also the waning light casting the landscape in an almost magical iridescence.
Fall Into Madrid With Our Favorite Autumn Events Germany isn't the only country that knows how to throw a party in honor of booze. The Oktoberfest celebrations at Biergarten
How to Become a Hotel Eco-Guest With hotels across the globe taking steps to show their commitment to the environment, is there a way for us to become even better eco-guests, whether you stay at large hotels chains or local boutique establishments known for their eco-practices? You bet!
If You Thought Airline Fees Were Bad, Read This At the intersection of Highway 20 and Highway 101 in Willits, Calif., you'll find three service stations. But look closely before you pump gas, otherwise you could pay a lot more than you expect. What follows is a cautionary tale about junk fees from an industry we tend to ignore.
America's Most Beautiful Covered Bridges Embodying a simpler time in American life, wooden covered bridges began springing up across the country in the early 1800s. They're often referred to as \kissing bridges\ since their enclosed domes provide lovers with just the right amount of privacy. It's worth taking the scenic route to find them.
Kindness One A man who walks the walk and talks the talk is rare. A man who lives his dream is a man who touches lives. Money is not what buys you freedom; it is by living fully that we are connected to the inherent freedom we all possess within.
Testing the Fates at Chao-Tian Temple in Beigang, Taiwan I looked down at the two wooden objects on the concrete floor, baffled. \See? They're smiling at you,\ my grandma said. It wasn't until years later when I that I stopped by the Chao-Tian Temple (also called Matzu Temple) and tried to understand the significance of the block throwing.
You've Never Seen Your Favorite European Landmarks Like This Before We've seen some pretty insane photos of world monuments (Makhorov previously produced dizzying photos of Dubai; a pilot photographed
The Last Paradise Here in the new Gal\u00e1pagos airport on Baltra Island I'm reminded just how remote the Gal\u00e1pagos Islands really are. They're one of the last places on Earth that is totally wild and pristine.
Puerto Vallarta & Riviera Maya Emerging from a cool plunge in the deep blue sea of Banderas Bay, I settle back in our little motorboat, which gently rocks side to side as it glides towards densely forested cliffs and an intensely azure grotto.
JK Iguatemi (VIDEO) For the uninitiated, how are malls different in Brazil? I really believe that in Brazil malls are very different than what
It's Almost Autumn, Take A Bliss Break Laugardalur, Reykjav\u00edk, Iceland V\u00e4rmland, Sweden Great Smoky Mountains National Park, Gatlinburg, Tennessee For your Friday
NYC \The first thing people mention is how surprisingly livable it seems. If you come here and stay in a hotel in midtown Manhattan, it's hard to imagine how people can sustain it. But if you get out on the quiet streets of Brooklyn it feels very homey.\
One Week in Prague and Budapest Before summer slinked its sunshine and idleness into oblivion, we decided spontaneously, mid-month in August, to do a one week trip to Budapest and Prague. Why these two cities in Europe?
World's Fastest Trains (PHOTOS) If you're traveling abroad, no need to wait
Snapshots from St. Petersburg While distances can be great in St. Petersburg, I refashioned our guidebook chapter to feature sights based on subway stops
6 Things You Never Knew About the Empire State Building When the Empire State Building was completed in 1931, it became the tallest skyscraper in the world. While it may no longer be the tallest, this massive but graceful Art Deco masterpiece remains unsurpassed as an icon of New York.
These 5 Fall Foliage Getaways Are for the Birds Instead of the traditional leisurely walks or drives down colorful lanes, you can play amongst the clouds while admiring the colors below on a sky-high, leaf-peeping adventure. From ziplines to hot-air balloons, you will finally understand what a bird's-eye view really means.
The Exceptional Traveler Whatever you do, do it well. If your dream is to travel, it doesn't matter if you're afraid. Go anyway. Make it a good life.
Melilla Like Gaud\u00ed in Barcelona, Nieto captured the spirit of a city and immortalised it in brick and mortar. Europe or Africa? I would call Melilla \Moderniste.\
Adding Some History on Safari Let's face it, the vast majority of holiday travelers to Africa are there for the wildlife. While the animals are sure to
Paris With Kids We've explored the City of Light, family in tow, and rounded up the 10 best places to take les enfants.
The Different Canc\u00fan The pearls of praise for the place called Canc\u00fan often sheen to dizzying effect. There is no refuting that this stretch of soft sand caressing the warm, clear waters of the Caribbean is the acreage of paradise, a dazzling tropical necklace that evokes powerful, even passionate imagery.
When Is The First Day Of Fall? No matter what you do, enjoy the fall while it lastes! Happy autumn! What are some things you could be doing on the first
11 Keys To Happiness From Other Cultures 5. Eat late A number of cultures embrace late dinner times. In Argentina, for example, it\u2019s totally normal to eat the evening
9 Reasons Train Travel Is The Best Air travel involves a lot of waiting in lines -- check-in lines, security lines, boarding lines. Those lines can drive any
The Expensive Reality of Russia's Tourist Visas Unfortunately, Russia still requires a visa for tourists. It's expensive ($170-$250), you have to answer a slew of probing
The World's Best Antiques Fair Is in Texas Twice a year in spring and autumn, people flock to Round Top, Texas, for Antiques Week, a shopping extravaganza to rival the world's best. Here's a teaser of the best treasure-hunting experience in the world.
Confessions Of An Airport Baggage Handler HAS an airline ever lost or damaged your suitcase? Want to know what really happens to your bags when you wave them goodbye
10 Best Places to Buy a Vacation Home With the summer months behind us, many of us hold on to more permanent dreams of paradise by considering the purchase of a vacation home. Here are the top 10 places to buy a vacation home based upon the most inquired rental destinations at our website.
Vine Times September is grand for a number of reasons, not least of which is that glorious event that is grape harvest. And there is no state in the U.S. that harvests more grapes than California.
Love Letters Just wandering around your cluster of museums is a treat, as I get to gawk anew at the handiwork left by an architectural
5 Travel Letdowns And How To Avoid Them 4. The Sistine Chapel 5. The Blarney Stone 3. Times Square 2. Stonehenge More often than not, we hear how disappointing a
Beijing With Lin Lin We arrived in Beijing and were quickly enveloped by the haze of fog-smog that the city is known for. This wasn't all bad though. The fog-smog made everything look good through our lenses and it also created an atmospheric, almost eerie vibe.
The Top One Percent of Gay Travel Lots of travel magazines create award lists, and most of them are filled with the usual suspects
20 Top Tips From the World's Smartest Cruisers Before you board your ship, consider some advice from several professional cruisers. While cruising is an excellent source of travel, those who do it often have invaluable tips for first-time cruisers that can make your voyage more memorable and less stressful.
6 Places That Are Absolutely Better After Dark The Trevi Fountain in Rome, Italy The Tower Bridge in London, England But when the sun goes down, some of Europe's best-known
15 Other Islands In French Polynesia Indulgent resorts. Beautiful everything. Bora Bora is called paradise for a reason. Don't do it! There's a lot more to French
How Traveling With Kids Changes Parents and Kids The reason I had children is to experience all there is to living; and never before have I experienced such a blissful adventure. Traveling with Kai and Nikko is my new adventure.
A Croatian Adventure - Canoeing, Caving & Cycling! I had arrived in Zagreb a week earlier to meet five fellow seasoned travelers to explore some of Croatia's incredible outdoor activities and culinary delights. We were looking forward to the stunning countryside, preserved parks and gastronomic specialties.
The Problem With Tours Tours, as far as I'm concerned, are like Marmite -- you either love them or hate them.  (For the non-Brits out there, change Marmite to rap music, smoking or black coffee and you'll get my point.)\nUnfortunately, it seems I am in the hate camp.
Sunchaser Time-Lapse Video Shows Beautiful & Playful Hawaii Clouds HONOLULU CLOUDS from Sunchaser Pictures on Vimeo. Life in Hawaii is lived by the trade winds. They dictate the surf, the
14 Signs You Need A Vacation, In GIFs 3. Work has become, like, SO irrelevant. 14. When you found out the office was closing one hour early this Friday... 8. You're
Beautiful Beach Town Bargains for Fall One of the benefits of hitting the shore in autumn is affordable hotel rates, putting dream destinations like Hilton Head, Montauk, Laguna Beach, and even Nantucket within your reach. Here are our favorite American beach towns with fall rates that say, \Welcome!\
The Grand Canyon Three Ways There are precious few things in life that combine breathtaking scenery, hysterical antics and outright fear. We figured that straddling a cliff-clinging beast of burden would certainly do the trick.
How I Beat Jet Lag I can't sleep on planes -- at least, not in coach. So I work on my laptop throughout the flight and then, upon arrival, shut off the laptop and make the rest of the day about getting outdoor exercise and sunlight. I usually walk around all day, sightseeing, and don't stop moving till 7 p.m.
How to Stay Safe Abroad in Uncertain Times While I'm no counterterrorism expert, I think I'm in a position to suggest a few smart things that travelers headed to uncertain areas can do, say, carry, and wear. I'm headed to Morocco myself in November. Go ahead and travel. Just be smart about it. How? Read on.
Mosquito Net Pants Are Clearly This Season's Hottest Look But you can also just wear it around your house, because it IS that chic. When visiting tropical areas, wearing a net or
30 Reasons To Love The Northeast The President agrees. 17. Central Park Taughannock Falls is a popular spot in the region. 12. The Jersey Shore Held (almost
Star-Approved Stays From Melbourne to the Gold Coast, we take a look at the glamorous Aussie digs where celebrity sightings are practically an everyday occurrence. With their spectacular suites, amazing amenities and respect for privacy, these properties attract superstars like a moth to a flame.
Scenic Autumn Drives Engineered for Maximum Leaf Peeping! Now that summer is over, it's almost time to throw on a warm sweater, jump in the car, and enjoy watching the trees turn into beautiful hues of red, yellow, and orange. To help you make the most of the fall, we've compiled a list of five of the most gorgeous scenic autumn drives in the country.
What Does a Government Travel Warning Mean for Your Trip? A travel warning doesn't actually prohibit anyone from traveling. It's just meant to make the traveler more aware. What these advisories fail to tell us is the reality of being on the ground. Tourism boards, national airlines and hotels will often provide current, relevant tips for travelers.
World's Coolest Hotel Water Slides Hotel water parks have grown in popularity in recent years, allowing guests to enjoy all the thrills and entertainment of a water park without leaving the comfort of their hotel. Here are 10 of the most fantastic water slides onsite.
Lisbon Like You've Never Seen It In Lisbon, for one week this September, you can become an explorer, seeing the city with its iconic sights in a completely different light. Lisbon Week offers seven themed routes. Here are some of the expected highlights
What to Eat, Drink and Discover in Penang Have you heard of Penang? If so, it's probably because you're a foodie.  Often referred to as the \Food Paradise of Asia,\ Penang does offer amazing eats, but it also plays host to a number of other delicious experiences.
China Opens World's Highest Civilian Airport In Tibet Garzi has been the scene of numerous self-immolation protests against Chinese rule in the last three years or so and remains
Of Chairs and Celebrities Her Italian great-great grandfather Vittorio Fasano opened a popular restaurant, that became reputed to have the best coxinha
Summer Camp With the Marriott Family We've been very blessed to spend our summers on Lake Winnipesaukee in New Hampshire for many years.  It all started back in 1942 when I attended Camp Idlewild on Lake Winnipesaukee.  I was 10 years old and anxious to get out of the hot summer heat.
Fall TV Premieres That Make Us Want to Travel It's the most wonderful time of the year for television lovers -- fall TV premieres! Season finales left us on edge wondering how we could make it through summer with the futures of our favorite characters in limbo.
Five Things You Should Do in the Caribbean Before You Die It'd be a real shame if all you brought back from the world's favorite warm-weather destination was a blistering sunburn, a wicked hangover and a cheap souvenir. Instead, choose one (or more) of these singularly Caribbean experiences and come home with memories that'll last a lifetime.
Blink, Eureka, Aha I believe traveling carnivals are worthy of study because they operate so close to the heartbeat of local epicenters -- neighborhoods, churches, commercial hubs. At that spot they increase the pulse with sights, sounds, tastes and thrills.
Santiago's Oldest and Best Dive Bar - La Piojera It was an amazing experience. People laughed, they sang, they drank, and then they laughed some more. Nobody yelled, threatened, menaced. Few of us spoke the same language, but all seemed to understand the other.
Formal Night on the Emerald Princess Cruise lines like formal nights because passengers behave better and spend more money (for example, ordering a nicer bottle
Where To Watch NFL Abroad The pub\u2019s sidewalk patio gives way to a cozy oval bar and five TV screens. Monstrous plates of cheese fries, an English-speaking
Your Weekly Travel Zen Where have you traveled for a moment of zen? Email travel@huffingtonpost.com with your travel zen or submit below. Whether
6 Ways To Find A Few Minutes Of Sanity During Your Disney Vacation There are ways, however, to sneak in a few minutes of R&R (mental or physical) after your tour of It's A Small World and before your FastPass to Space Mountain runs out.
Fake English Town In China China is quite fond of constructing faux-European towns. Tianducheng, located in Hangzhou, is a Paris clone -- complete with
A Caipirinha in a Favela in Rio \Did you get this hostel off the internet?\ the taxi driver grumbled. \I bet they didn't tell you where it is.\ \Yes, and
8 Cultural Differences Between America And Other Countries 1. When kids lose their teeth in Greece (and reportedly other countries), they throw them on the roof. According to one source
5 Midwestern Small Towns to Visit Now There's no better place to relax in the sun than these charming, quaint towns that exude Americana.
Take A Bliss Break (PHOTOS) Lodi Gardens, New Delhi, India St. Clair Falls, Sri Lanka Pier at Balne\u00e1rio Cambori\u00fa, a Brazilian beach resort town. Tobago
Capturing Moments Despite being a writer and even though I wrote about the Himalayas while I was there, there were certain things that, had it not been for such caught-in-the-action pictures, I might have forgotten, that even now I had to ask someone to tell me the full story.
Guide to the Off Season Need to get away? Need to save money while doing it? Traveling off season is the perfect solution. The question isn't just where to go... but when. Check out these destination ideas and tips for timing your vacation just right.
A Taste of Vienna - Heavenly Heurigers and Verdant Vineyards Vienna is a city most people dream of with its picturesque vineyards immortalized in the works of countless artists and hills ringing with the sounds of great symphonies. Away from the art scene you'll find a world of rich culture and, most importantly, decadent wines and meals at every turn.
Going for Gold in Family Friendly Brunei (PHOTOS) Brunei is surrounded by the Malaysian state of Sarawak, with Sabah to the north, and the rest of the island belongs to Indonesia (Kalimantan). Tip to tip it's a modest 180 km. There is no heavy industry, little pollution, and a population of 400,000.
Oki Islands Geopark Is A Spectacular Sight To See The area is a grouping of islands, both inhabited and uninhabited, that has a thriving ecosystem and dedicated members of
Kindness ONE As I was walking through the cobbled streets of Aix en Provence in France I was captivated by a soft and powerful melody wafting through the streets. Captivating. Vibrant. Inspired.
Top Ten Chicago Restaurants Chicago is a food town that has an almost allergic reaction to pretension.  Restaurants that make it here can't rely solely on brand name decorators, media hype or reality-TV chefs.  They have to be the real deal, serving great food, or they don't stay in business.
7 Ways to Travel Spontaneously Like a Savvy Digital Native Mobile technology has changed our lives in a myriad of ways, including completely transforming the way we travel. Ttoday's smartphone-savvy mobile traveler is much more spontaneous than the guidebook-reliant travelers of yore, for example.
Top 5 California Festivals California is known for many things, including gorgeous weather, breathtaking landscapes and my personal favorite, the year-round festivals. While it's difficult to narrow down the top festivals, here are my top picks.
Goin' Whole Hog in Memphis The Memphis I returned to was not the one I'd last seen in 2003. It got a bit hipper. I got a bit older. And maybe a tad more adventuresome with my culinary choices.
6 Travel Souvenir Collections You Need To Start If you decorate a tree each year, an ornament collection is the perfect way to bring out your travel memories once a year
Halloween at Tokyo Disneyland Tokyo Disneyland is spook central for all things Halloween right now. The decorations, parades, souvenirs, sweets and treats have made this one of the most popular (and profitable) times of the year for the Tokyo Disney Parks. But there's more to it than that.
Oahu's North Shore Sees Early Swell Oahu's North Shore enjoyed an early swell this week, with head high and overhead (and the occasional well-overhead) waves
Airplane Boneyards Look Even Cooler In Instagram Photos Where do all good little military planes go after their time of service is up? Answer
This Tiny Concrete Speck Is Its Own Country Never heard of Sealand? That's not a surprise. It's a concrete dot in the North Sea roughly the size of two tennis courts, and it's never been recognized by any other nation on Earth. But that never bothered its eccentric founder, Paddy Roy Bates.
Sumatra's Vivid Red Orangutans in their Final Redoubts - Within Earshot of Whining Chainsaws High in the branches, a vivid orange-red blur stirs behind the green leaves -- a young male slowly swinging his way in search of fruit
This Is Why I Travel -- Despite Sometimes Ending Up Lost in a Sex Shop I found myself running through the stone streets of Santiago, faltering at every 800-peso deep-fried cheese-jammed empanada stand, hair frizzing from the sweat bursting through previously uncharted scalp pores, and cursing the heels my friend had insisted I buy because \no one wears flip-flops in the winter here; you look like a tourist.\
Frankly Classic Duck franks? No thanks. Hot dogs topped with brie and quail eggs? We'll pass on the latest gourmet makeover craze and stick
10 Cheap Los Angeles Favorites, As Approved By Locals (And Local Celebs) It's got a rap for glitz and glamor, but you don't have to do L.A. like Paris Hilton to enjoy it. YOUR BEACH DAY You should
Astoria, Oregon If Portland, the so-called birthplace of the hipster, has become disingenuous, Astoria, Oregon feels just the opposite. It's not trying to be gritty, rustic and cool -- it just is. A town of restoration and renewal, it's a beacon of resilience and a great place to visit.
The Best Female Surfers To Follow On Instagram Sage Erickson - 42,043 followers Holly-Daze Coffey -- 168,250 followers Alana Blanchard - 696,492 followers Kassia Meador
Why You Should Incorporate This Surfer Slang Into Your Land-Locked Life Amped
10 Things That Helped Me Reconnect With Kathmandu Every city has its own wonders and pitfalls. So does Kathmandu, Nepal's capital city. Returning to my hometown after a long stretch in the West was challenging in many ways. But over the past five months, I found ways to reconnect with Kathmandu.
Prettiest Spas And Hot Springs Of The World Make Us Want To Take Tomorrow Off 6. Six Senses Spa at the Heritance Kandalama, Sri Lanka 4. Remington Hot Springs, California 2. Springs Eternal Spa at the
The American Town That's Secretly Canadian What would an America under tyrannical Canadian rule look like? More polite? Cheaper health care? Would we all have to call macaroni and cheese \Kraft dinner\? The best way to envision this nightmarish alternate-universe dystopia is to peek in on the quiet town of Hyder, Alaska.
Majority Of People Consider Quitting Job After A Vacation These factors can significantly improve your ability to diagnose a persisting personal obstacle; they also provide the mental
22 Reasons The Midwest Is The Best 17. Mount Rushmore 9. Kansas City-style BBQ 15. The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 11. The Apostle Islands 6. The actual Field
Hearing Robert Mugabe Speak Everyone does things they regret when traveling. I began to fear it could be one of those moments when I found myself in Harare's 60,000-strong sports stadium, surrounded by a sea of staring faces while Zimbabwe's freshly-elected President Robert Mugabe spoke.
Episode 4 - Artists and Musicians in Beirut Beirut was known as the \Paris of the Middle East\ before the civil war and you can still see why. Unfortunately, things have deteriorated again in Lebanon and its neighboring countries since we filmed there.
Oktoberfest In The US If you can't make the Boston celebration, Harpoon's Vermont brewery will host a smaller version of the festival the following
Zhangjiajie National Park In China Has Awesome Twisty Roads Dizzy yet? Zhangjiajie National Park in the northern Hunan Province of China is full of wonders. But one of the most eye
The Syria I Remember I believe in a series of unifying axioms that make travel a transformative experience. And on behalf of \Travel,\ let me answer the question, \Why would anyone go to Syria?\ In doing so, I hope to add a human element to our ongoing discussion of Syria's current reality.
Personality Change On Vacation Results In Four Different Holiday Character Types, Psychologists Say A survey from website Travel Supermarket reports that 51% of tourists (British ones, at least) say their personality changes
Warning There are a few no-no's that U.S. customs will confiscate if you try to get them past the border --some for health reasons, others for complex economic and cultural reasons. In the interest of saving you time, money -- and embarrassment! -- here are a few you should be wary of.
The Strangest Hotel Butlers Around the World A fireplace butler? A fragrance concierge? They're real, and you'll find them -- plus plenty of other super-specific assistants -- at hotels around the world...
Lviv, Ukraine Is The Cutest European City You've Never Heard Of \u2026or perhaps you\u2019d rather drive? Here is a close-up view of the lady on the front of it. \u2026or take the train? No, it\u2019s not
7 Hawaiian Legends Not To Be Ignored One of the most well-known myths in Hawaii is Pele's Curse, which -- it turns out -- is not an ancient myth at all. Pele's
How to Find the Right Theme Cruise Chances are excellent that somewhere, a theme cruise celebrating your passion is being organized. Cruises are themed about everything from antiques to art, cycling, crafts, knitting, history, literature, film, wellness, and wine. Here's how you can find your own fantasy theme cruise.
Make Your Coach Flight Easier I want to justify the cost of business class, but it always seems so unreasonable for a few hours of comfort, even if that means being crammed into a space almost too small to be allowed.  Each time I make my journey much more comfortable by bringing these 10 items
Four Seasons Hotels Launches Food Truck Currently, the truck is set to travel to three states on the West Coast and will make stops at eight destinations -- each
These Child Surf Prodigies Riding The Waves Are Totally Adorable Whether they're riding waves all on their own (\Look ma, no hands!\), getting an extra push from dad or are just practicing
Go To Space At The Same Time As Famous People But as of now, both SXC and Virgin say 2014 is the year their high-profile passengers will finally make it past the sound
The Most Extreme Staircases In The World Could Finally Squash Your Fear Of Heights 6. Tiger and Turtle, Germany This metal wonder is an art installation inspired by roller coasters. Situated on a hill dubbed
10 Travel Tips for NFL Fans Football season is about to kickoff, and soon parking lots will be filled with that oh-so-sweet smelling BBQ and cries of \Bear Down!\ Check out your team's road schedule and make a long weekend of it to explore another city, and cheer on your team come Sunday.
6 Unorthodox Reasons to Attend America's Cup in San Francisco Since I'm not particularly into the art of sailing, when I went during the Louis Vuitton's Cup (preliminary races), I discovered plenty of other entertaining aspects. Here are six quirky reasons to head to San Francisco to watch an America's Cup race.
Northern European Cruise Ports -- A Springboard for Action Princess Cruise Lines puts a big effort into helping its cruisers be prepared for each port (better than the other lines
Cruising Northern Europe Each morning, a giant cruise ship ties up just next to the sparkling new Oslo Opera House. As thousands of visitors pour
Tokyo Is Our Travel Tuesday (PHOTOS) The Rainbow Bridge crosses the northern Tokyo Bay. Shoppers stroll along popular and trendy Takeshita Street in Harajuku
Spend Your Christmas on the Beach in Rio Rio de Janeiro will host the 2014 World Cup and the 2016 Summer Olympic Games, but each and every day it plays host to a carefree beach lifestyle easy to envy.
Budapest - Ready for Its Close-up Its river has inspired composers, guarded empires and nurtured a culture of romantics, revolutionaries and refinement. And now, Budapest now finds itself an object of fascination for the mightiest power in history -- Hollywood.
Starting our Northern European Cruise If you have to abandon ship, don't jump off. Just step off. And plug your nose and hug your vest so it doesn't hit you in
7 Fashionable Hotels Around the World -- For Every Style Fashion Week has arrived to New York City, and we're getting the fashion bug -- but it's not haute couture that's getting us excited. It's haute hotels, of course! Go on -- try these on for size.
10 Principles to Make Your Travels Memorable Make it your mission to learn as much as you can and engage with those around you. Share your own culture as well. Help bring the world closer together and show how similar we really all are. You are an ambassador for your home country; represent it in the BEST light. Expand your horizons and embrace those who are completely different to you.
Royal Air Maroc + Customer Service = 0 Entire families of Lebanese expats who had vacationed in Lebanon were heading back to their West African destinations via
An Ideal Day (or Weekend) in San Francisco - 16 Fun and Weird Activities San Francisco is my favorite city in the world, bar none. I love NYC, I love Bali, and I love Buenos Aires, but SF is the place for me. And since I've been here for 10+ years, I get asked a lot
Vacation Escapes to Take Your Mind off Summer's End A little depressed that summer's winding down? We get it. Check out these 10 sunny island escapes to take your mind off it.
Episode 2 - Why People are Flocking to Berlin Berlin is distinctly anti-capitalist and it puts humanity and culture before money. It's a city where people go to live for cheap while they make things -- art, music, cultural output in general. It's also a place where people go to dance the night away.
Traveling With Kids Family travel isn't always easy. But I like to travel with my kids.  I can't get enough of experiencing the world at large through my children's eyes. In order to salvage an ounce of sanity, each day I tailor at least one activity for my kids. The real fun starts when I let them guide for a day.
Exploring Oregon's Coast, One Dune at a Time Oregon's rough-and-tumble coast is all about exploration. It's learning about life on the edge of the American experience, in a place that features desolate beaches, famous cows and sea fairies. If you're not sure what I'm talking about, maybe it's time for a visit.
Your Weekly Travel Zen Where have you traveled for a moment of zen? Email travel@huffingtonpost.com with your travel zen or submit below. This week's
What It Takes To Get The New York Giants To An Away Game The suite life? Depending on where they're going, Phelan said, the Giants reserve up to 200 rooms in a hotel, with enough
Go Inside Son Doong, The World's Largest Cave. It's Magnificent. Photos by John Spies and Carsten Peters/Getty Images. A local man discovered the cave entrance in 1991, but British cavers
10 Ways To Get 10,000 Followers And A Free Night At The Instagram Hotel 4. Don't just stand and smile on that summit. Jump! Not only are there creativity points involved, but the willingness to
Guide To Highway 1 -- Sunset Magazine Highlights A California Staple California State Route 1, also known as Highway 1, is a veritable treasure trove of sights -- it spans hundreds of coastal
Surfer Selfies There's a new trend in town and it makes \kissy faces\ and \bathroom selfies\ look like amateur hour. Surfers are using GoPros
6 Fab Fall Festival Weekends for Families Warrens Cranberry Festival
Are You a Bad Traveler? Deadbeats. Gate lice. Entitleds. Pull back the curtain on the service industry and you can hear them talking about us -- often in unflattering terms.
Kindness for Oz and His Traveling Scars Pool attendants, hanging prizes, blaring songs are all background as Oz tells a Brothers Grimm story, his own.
The Mzungu Diaries \So, how are you finding Africa?\ asked the man next to me as our bus careered around a blind corner, narrowly avoiding a huge lorry laden with bricks in the oncoming lane. \Wonderful,\ I answered, ducking the box of live chicks thrown towards me by the force of the turn.
Take Your Bachelor/ette Party to a New Level Edinburgh, the capital city of Scotland, is known for its rich history from the Burke and Hare murders, to the poetry of Robert Burns, all overseen by the ominous castle atop the hill. While the past is very important to this city, so is the present.
Life-changing Adventures Down Under Adrenaline junkie, city girl, and Fathom contributor Shari Bayer celebrated her birthday in high-octane style in Queenstown, New Zealand, jumping off a bridge, out of a plane, and into a helicopter.
Channelling Mr. Bean, Bozo the Clown and Jerry Lewis around the World At age 77 is it time at last to retire my sneakers and wind up my travels? No way! The sneakers perhaps, but I'll just get a new pair. I'm having much too much fun, thank you very much.
Episode 3 - Belgrade with a Local and a Bodyguard There is a point in every world trip where things start getting a little bit strange. Belgrade was that point for This Is My City.
When Is The Best Time To Visit Hawaii? With the lowest average temperature not falling below 72 degrees, there isn't really a bad time to visit Hawaii. But if you're
A Wing and a Prayer No airline is accident-free. Every single one has had something go wrong at one point, even if it is a flat tire. Nevertheless, there are several airlines out there that have particularly sterling reputations when it comes to safety.
Fly Fishing in Ireland Ireland is a fisherman's dream. All around the country you'll find glittering lakes. Lazy rivers meander through green fields toward the wave-lashed coast. Countless spring-fed streams tumble and rush from high in the wild mountains.
Laugharne, Wales In Laugharne, a small coastal town twenty miles west of Swansea, the soul of Dylan Thomas lingers on.
Escape to Paradise In honor of Huffington Post Hawaii launching, I want to share a few of my own thoughts on what makes Hawaii so special to me. The pace in Hawaii is slower because they savor each day, appreciating the beauty that surrounds them.
These Amazing Autumn Photos Will Make You Excited Summer's Ending There are also massive pretzels at Oktoberfest. 7. Fall also means apple picking. Masker Orchards in New York is gearing
The World's 10 Most Mesmerizing Views From the freedom of wide open spaces to glittering of big city lights, our world is filled with thousands of breathtaking panoramas just waiting to be enjoyed.
ABBA -- The Museum I'm cruising Scandinavia and Northern Europe to update our new, hot-off-the-press Northern European Cruise Ports guidebook
Berlin by Cruise Ship? Northern Europe (Scandinavia and the Baltic Sea) lends itself to cruising--that's why it was a natural destination for my new cruising guidebook.
A Taste of Rio's Finest While S\u00e3o Paulo tends to get more international recognition for its dining culture, the Cariocans are enormously proud of their cuisine. Ask the locals about Rio's top attractions and you'll learn that they value their food just as much as their beaches.
Japan's Kofuku, or 'Happiness', Train Station Closes For Renovation All photos by Getty. The Kofuku, or \u201chappiness,\ train station is less than 14 miles south of Tokachi's capital city, Obihiro
9 Flavorful Fall Festivals If you're one to honor the emergence of seasonal ingredients, you'll find a cornucopia of food-centric festivals taking place all around the United States, from California to Massachusetts. Here are some of the season's most satiating celebrations.
Back to School Season Is All Year Round at These Hotels Former schools in which you're now welcome to sleep, eat, drink and be merry.
Secrets to Saving Time and Money at Amusement Parks Amusement parks are the stuff that kids' dreams are made of. And guess what? It doesn't have to be a nightmare for parents either.
Turtle Island Offers Guests Private Beaches and A Luxuriously Rustic Fijian Experience After being escorted to the sand guests to Turtle Island are immediately introduced to their bure mama. In Fijian, bungalows
Flying To Hawaii? 19 Stunning Images You May See From The Plane Ahihi Kinau Natural Preserve, anchialine pond. Wailua Falls on Kauai. Diamond Head, Oahu. Queen Liliuokalani canoe race. Rainforest
Actively Getting to Know Western Canada Mexico has its playas, the Caribbean its beat, but Americans are prone to overlook the charms of the neighbor to the north. Calgary and Vancouver both enjoy natural beauty and proximity to water, assets that have been incorporated into the life of the city.
Ma Provence, South of France. I have been going to Provence each summer for years now, and I have yet to run out of places to discover. Even when I get lazy and want only to swing in a hammock under a tree, the endless discoveries attract me too much to nap for too long.
Going the Extra Mile to Help Save Africa's Elephants By going the extra mile for Africa's elephants, a Canadian doctor from half a world away will not only have the opportunity to follow her passion for adventure travel.  She'll also get to make a lasting contribution to helping save the world's most endangered wildlife.
Return to Fantasy Island How can we keep remaking our coast as Global Warming keeps relentlessly coming at us? And how can we ask people who live in the heartlands of the nation, and even on the West coast, to keep paying for New Yorkers and Philadelphians to visit their favorite summer vacation spot?
Hawaiian Airlines Now Provides iPad Minis On Flights If the idea of touching down in Hawaii isn't comforting enough, Hawaiian airlines has gone one step further to ensure that
Let's Get Lost for the Memories (Pura Vida) Travelers are a bit egocentric
10 Ways You Can Tell Your \4-Star\ Hotel Gave Itself Too Many Stars How many stars did your last hotel have? I'd bet you might not know the answer to that, but you could probably make a good guess based on the level of service you received and your overall satisfaction. But what regulatory body determines these star ratings?
This Train Is Bound For Paoli Train 664 leaves Thirtieth Street Station bound for New York City at 10:55. Concurrently, Train 663 leaves the station, headed for Harrisburg. Both trains are, confusingly, called The Keystone...
Wonderful Copenhagen I'm kicking off the next phase of my summer research rounds, taking our brand-new Northern European Cruise Ports guidebook
Istanbul, Turkey...the Local way! To give you a taste of what locals do in their free time in Istanbul, here's a small selection of popular tips on the blog.
What Happens When Two Friends Travel The World We've all dreamed about it, secretly thinking of ways to quit our jobs, travel the world, and leave it all behind. So what
27 Reasons The Great Lakes Are Truly The Greatest (PHOTOS) Lake Huron, Ontario, Michigan, Erie and Superior. To some, those names might not mean much. What's a lake when you have the
Antelope Canyon In Arizona Is The Star Of The World's Most Expensive Photo Antelope Canyon's sandstone swirls make it look like The Wave, another famous local rock formation. This is Antelope Canyon
The Best (Worst?) (Inappropriate?) Pope Swag in Italy Our most recent trip to Italy included a stop in Rome where we had a day planned to take in the Eternal City's most treasured sites. And we spent way too much time distracted by the somewhat odd souvenir tributes to the new Pope.
Road Trip Top 10 Driving 1,900 miles from Cape Cod, Massachusetts, to Boulder, Colorado, can be stultifying, especially when you're in a car by yourself with no one for company except 15 fish and two dachshunds.
Egypt & Bali For me, having been to Egypt nearly 20 times and to Bali over a dozen, they are the perfect Yin/Yang complement to each other -- the masculine and feminine sides of spirituality.
Exploring the Oldest Bar in America We're often asked where the oldest bar in America is found. Those that are into bars might remark that it's one of a handful around the country, like the Bell in Hand in Boston, or Laffite's Blacksmith Shop in New Orleans. Both are wrong.
10 Sleepy Beach Towns Perfect for Fall A glorious hush falls over the country's favorite beach towns in autumn. Crowds disappear and locals exhale. Here are 10 iconic U.S. beach towns where you can pedal along quiet boardwalks, kayak among fall colors, and score excellent post-Labor Day deals.
9 Stunning Landscapes of Vietnam From white sand beaches and turquoise water to black rock forests and mountains that hug the clouds, here are some of the most amazing landscapes we came across when we visited Vietnam.
Do Travel Companies Raise Prices Based on Who You Are? For years, travelers suspected online agencies of serving up higher fares and prices when they recognized your browser \cookies\ -- those invisible electronic breadcrumbs that identify you.
The Top 12 Places You Can't Visit State secrets, relics that need defense from humans and the elements, ultra-exclusive memberships \u2014 there are many reasons
Your Weekly Travel Zen Where have you traveled for a moment of zen? Email travel@huffingtonpost.com with your travel zen or submit below. \Every
What It's Like to Dog Sled In Northern Sweden When you are as far north as Lapland, the proper dress is heavy-duty, astronaut-like gear that can shield you from harsh
10 Cool Hotel Programs To Make Your Stay Unique Aqualilies We've seen luxury, we've seen convenience and we've seen high tech in hotels. But the latest trend seems to suggest
London Underground Song Features Name Of Every Station, Is Surprisingly Catchy Londoners have always seemed to be \quite keen\ on their public transportation system, which celebrated its 150th birthday
In Honor Of Fashion Week, 10 Hotels For The Style Set Fashion Week kicks off in New York on September 5 and to honor the occasion, TripAdvisor has put together a list of ten hotels
Best Places To Vacation And Indulge Your Vices If you crave the thrill and challenge of gambling, you're probably a regular in Las Vegas, Atlantic City and other casino
Escape From Notting Hill -- A London Staycation Adventure Despite the local multicultural traditions that the annual Notting Hill Carnival upholds and its aim of fostering community, many residents experience the raucous event like the prospect of an out-of-control party, and pack up their bags, leave, and brace themselves for the worst.
Hotel Homes Ever dreamed of being king or queen of a castle? Lord or lady of the manor? Well, you're not the only one -- and plenty of hotels around the world can make that dream come true.
September Getaways for the Vino Lover Summer might be coming to an end but Californians are excited because September equals wine, and lots of it.
Mayan Ruins As Seen In Instagram Photos Tikal Tikal, Guatemala Chichen Itza So leave it to Instagram to highlight some of the more breathtaking photos of these spots
'Perfect Flight' Survey Completes Our Vision Of The Ideal Travel Experience Seats would ideally exist in rows of two, and passengers would like the window one (which may not be the safest). Thanks
Flybe's Redheads-Only Flight To Amsterdam's Redhead Days Festival We get it. A LOT of people in Scotland are redheads, but this is just silly... Here's that strapping Prince Harry impersonator
Getting Hooked on Huka Falls in New Zealand One thing about visiting New Zealand, don't do it in a rush! One week is clearly not enough time, even if you're only going to the North Island like I was.
This Is My City Episode 1 - Lisbon Through the Eyes of Locals Lisbon is a beautiful city and the vibe is bright and airy. Yellow trams, espressos, ornate Azulejo tiles, sunshine, seafood and drinking on the streets at night. It's a hilly city and this makes for spectacular viewpoints everywher
The American Grandeur of Cleveland In 2013, Cleveland has a different kind of American grandeur than it did in its industrial heyday of the early 20th century, but rather than get stuck in the past and not learn the lessons from it, the city has aged well into a modern, global and down-to-earth city.
Soaking up the Last of the Summer Sun Labor Day weekend is approaching and the end of summer is soon upon us. But there's still time to fit in a last-minute vacation before sending your kids back to school and preparing for the hectic workweeks that await you this fall.
4 Reasons to Staycation The end of summer is here (don't cry -- there is another one coming next year, I promise.) While everyone is crawling through bumper-to-bumper traffic to squeeze in their last summer getaway, I will be staycationing at home this Labor Day.
Dinnertime for the Hounds of Cheverny While filming our new television episode on palaces near Paris, we had one critical appointment on the day we shot the Ch\u00e2teau
How to Travel Solo It's an invigorating idea we've all pondered at some point -- leaving everything behind to embark on a solo journey. Traveling alone has a reputation for fostering self-discovery. Here's how to make the most of your unaccompanied adventure
Lights, Camera, Vacation (MORE
Lone Trees We Wish We Were Under (Or In The General Vicinity Of) Canada Hungary Sweden Canada Cyprus New Zealand French Polynesia Georgia (the country, not the state) England Unidentified
'Digital Detox' Becomes A Real-Life Word, Gets Added To Oxford Dictionary Online digital detox (n)
Didn't Plan a Labor Day Vacation? Take One of These Great Day Trips Here it is. Your last (unofficial, anyway) weekend of summer. If you haven't booked a vacation yet, fear not. We've rounded up a few perfect day trips, so you'll have something cool to talk about around the water cooler Tuesday morning...
Is Topless Sunbathing Good for American Tourism? Can American tourism afford not to allow topless sunbathing?
8 Great Florida Beach Towns for Bicycling (PHOTOS) Bicycling in Florida's beach towns is one of the best ways to see the sights and get closer to nature at the same time. Many of the state's beaches feature slower speed limits, bicycle lanes and crosswalks, making them a family-friendly place to pedal.
This Is My City -- A New Travel Show About Locals When Tim and I traveled together we realized that the quickest and most exciting way into the heart and soul of a place was through the people who lived there. Tapping into the knowledge and of locals let us find the hidden gems that define a city's soul.
Want More Vacation Days? Here Are 20 Creative Excuses To Get What You Want We've ALL been there. I was ambushed by zombies. I had to stay home to prepare for the zombie apocalypse. Martians kidnapped
A Caribbean Island for Everyone Suffering from Caribbean island indecision? Whatever you want from your tropical fix, Jetsetter has a stretch of sand to suit your needs.
Zimbabwe Plans For 'Disneyland' Near Victoria Falls A theme park isn\u2019t the only thing Zimbabwe is planning to draw tourists to the area. According to The Guardian, Mzembi has
The \This Of There:\ Foreign Versions Of New York's Famous Sites As it turns out, there are (gasp!) other sites in (gasp!) other cities that compare to -- and even outshine -- America's
Sometimes Traveling With Kids Sucks Some of the most challenging moments of my family-traveling career have occurred in the simplest moments, when my travel plans crash into my children's desires and I am left standing in a foreign country, oozing frustration
The 10 Best Fall Biking Adventures Near NYC Before the best bike tours increase in price or sell out, cyclists looking for an epic autumn adventure should sign up for one of these 10 organized bike rides.
An Ode To The Funniest Signs We've Seen At Airports We've got to call you out, San Diego International Airport. Dogs need to pee, but do they need a fake fire hydrant to do
More than Just Versailles Steve Smith and I have been working together on our France guidebook for over 20 years. We wrote the first edition when Steve
The Very Best Classroom I love the thought of a tour guide being a teacher, with the greatest classroom imaginable. I also love the thought of little
10 Hidden Islands You've Never Heard of Go ahead and become a castaway for a day or two. Here are 10 secret places -- from the mysterious North Atlantic to the warm waters of the Indian Ocean -- where you can completely surrender to island time.
Love Letters Of course as you know, falling in love is easy - that is why it is called falling. But determining where to start a life and what to do next can be hard. But you, Hong Kong, were the answer.
CO Everywhere Travel junkies, beware. CO Everywhere, a mobile app that launched this week, is likely to become addictive. It has for me. Living guidebook?  Travel porn?  Social newsroom?  I'm not sure what to call it, but I'm interested to see how it impacts my daily life and my future travel.
Feria de las Flores - Fun in the Flower Capital of Latin America The Feria de las Flores (Flower Festival) is not to be missed. The fun isn't just limited to flowers. With a classic car show, a horse parade, concerts and the namesake Desfile de Silleteros, or Flower Parade, there is no shortage of things to do during the 10 day festival.
London's Most Famous Bridges Today there are more than 30 bridges that weave a tapestry across the Thames, each created in response to industrialization, various monarchies, and the capital city's explosive growth.
10 Things You Should Pack (But Probably Won't) Humble objects, ranging from an empty reusable water bottle to bandages, can save time and money and go far toward boosting the quality of your travels. Here are the items we often forget to pack -- and always regret not having in our suitcase.
This Gorgeous Lake Holds 1/5 of the Earth's Freshwater In 2008, a Russian newspaper and TV channel held a massive competition to name the official \Seven Wonders of Russia.\ Topping the list was a place that few international tourists visit due to its remote location
Tea for Two - The Inn at Irving Place Hosts Lady Mendl's Royal Tea Room Who said you have to cross the pond to have a proper tea? I had the pleasure of tea for two with my British friend, Harriet, with cucumber tea sandwiches, clotted cream and jam with homemade scones. Before sipping the tea of our choice, we toasted with a glass of bubbly.
Super Cool Kite Festival Produces Ooh-Worthy Insta Videos Leave it to the Brits to host a good ol' fashioned day of kite-flying in the high-tech, plugged-in age we live in. This weekend's
Hotel Room Hacks These hotel-room hacks will help you transform your sleeping space into a place to keep off extra weight, keep up with your inbox, or keep your kids safe and entertained.
Top 10 Casino Hotels in the World If you enjoy gambling, why not stay where you can play? From Foxwoods in Connecticut to the Ibiza Gran Hotel off of the coast of Spain, take a trip with Lady Luck to one of these casino hotels.
Magic Bus Provides a Pyschedelic \Hippie Tour\ of San Francisco It's hard to mistake the Magic Bus for any other vehicle that departs from San Francisco's touristy Union Square. The psychedelic colors that wind around the former school bus make it perfectly clear that this is a ride back in time. To the 1960s, to be exact.
Hawaii's 'Stairway To Heaven' Hike Now Requires $1 Million Insurance Policy KANEOHE \u2014 For those who've climbed up the Haiku Stairs all the way to the stunning Puu Keahiakahoe summit to take in the
Best Mountain Music Venues You May Be Missing When it comes to memorable mountain music venues, there are some places that stand out in hearts and minds for good reason, like Red Rocks or Telluride during the Bluegrass Festival. But there are other mountain gems that are still waiting to be discovered by the masses.
Frankfurt At Night Is Our Travel Tuesday (PHOTOS) Herewith, some shots to remind you of the beauty of skylines... A city at night is a spectacular sight. There's something
The World's Worst Airline Names What's in an airline name? Some truly cringe-worthy monikers have plied the skies.
English Lake District Does Have Beautiful Lakes (PHOTOS) One of the smaller lakes in the district, Lake Grasmere gives its name to the village of Grasmere, where William Wordsworth
Backpacking With Kids Resorts aren't all bad, but you also don't have to travel that way. Kids are more like backpackers than most adults, because they are present, and without plans. So, while you may not be strapping your backpack on your back anymore, you can, and you should, strap your kids on your back.
From $1,000 a Night, to $1,000 a Month In February of this year, my husband and I quit our well-paid and exciting jobs, left California and the company we helped build, and set off to travel the world. Our goal
Christchurch's Cardboard Cathedral Opens Its Doors Before the massive earthquake that hit on Feb. 22, 2011, killing 182 and destroying much of the downtown, New Zealand's second-largest city was an architectural byword for traditional, not trendy. Not anymore.
Jauntaroo Seeks Applicants For 'Best Job Around The World' Do you want to get paid to travel the world? But one website, Jauntaroo, a travel-planning aid and self-proclaimed \vacation
Instagram Or Reality Answer
America's Favorite Labor Day Weekend Destinations Americans are packing up and heading out of town over the long weekend that traditionally marks the end of summer. The top 10 most searched Labor Day destinations are...
Hotel Barge Offers the Rogue Life on the Thames We took the boat trip because we love traveling in Britain, and we love the serenity of hotel barging. The boat seemed to glide across glass like water, and it rose and fell effortlessly when it we went through locks.
Ten Best Hotel Room Views (Northeast/East USA Edition) Sometimes, a hotel is just a place to hang your hat. In other instances, stellar rooms or a charming owner puts it on the map. The following 10 hotels and inns are particularly notable for what's outside -- the inspiring views from one or more windows.
Measure Your Air Travel Expertise With This Quiz Of Airline Slogans Yeah, they're having issues lately, but that doesn't mean airlines aren't still trying to lure you onboard with a really
10 Classic American Bar Signs To some it seems a trivial kind of happiness. It's just a sign after all. But to many, neon bar signs are more
Your Weekly Travel Zen \Tresaith is set in a small sheltered sandy bay named after the River Saith which cascades as a waterfall over the cliffs
Five Breathtaking Lake Hikes Near Salt Lake City Salt Lake City is known for epic skiing in the winter, however, summertime offers some of the region's best hiking opportunities. Numerous hikes include lakes as destinations and are just minutes from Salt Lake City ski resorts, which offer a variety of summer activities and lodging deals.
Can Technology Help You Turn the Tables on Your Car Rental Company? (POLL) If you're tired of technology being used against you -- and how can you not be after the the latest NSA spying allegations -- then you'll probably appreciate this man-bites-dog story.
San Francisco On The Cheap But San Fran can be cheap! Behold these low-cost (and way cooler) alternatives to the city's tourist traps. You could schlep
Photographer Michael Sloyer Shares Stunning Images From Asia In Sloyer's words
Namaste As I packed my backpack with wanderlust in my eyes and adventure in my heart, I dreamed of all the places I could bring yoga on my eight-month trip across Asia.
Week 3 of the Mongol Diaries in Pictures - Road Trip Through Russia Thinking back to Day 1 of our supposed 10,000 mile road trip, when our vehicle - good ol' Betsy - unexpectedly broke down, we had to toy with myriad possibilities of how we could make it to Russia (Mongolia suddenly seemed too far-fetched).
Versailles I am so proud of our France guidebook. Being in France, I'm meeting happy travelers with the book everywhere I go. And it's
Kindness One It is indeed a rare day that I am lost for words. Today was one of those days, a day that literally took my breath away. I was on the receiving end of an act of kindness that touched the deepest place in my heart. A simple, yet profound act.
Underwater River Is A Scuba Diver's Dream -- Cenote Angelita, Mexico The deep sea river is complete with sandy and rocky shores, leaves, and fallen trees. Next time you're in Mexico, skip the
Burger Travel Nothing says all-American like a summer food festival in the Heartland, and hamburgers are as American as it gets.
My Most Exciting Challenge Louis ruled from 1643 to 1715. By the end, he was tired of fighting. Here, in the Peace Room, peace is granted to Germany
9 Mouthwatering Meat Meccas Around the World From Japan, where you'll find the most delicate cuts of, to the Mediterranean, home of the hearty roasts, these destinations and their smoky specialties are sure to make meat-lovers' mouths water.
Hip Montreal Montreal has such a rich history that visitors can easily overlook the young, underground culture. In fact, I consider this French-Canadian city to be one of the best alternative travel destinations in North America.
Munich Prepares For Annual Oktoberfest Celebration (PHOTOS) The festivities will kick off Sept. 21 in Munich, where preparations are already underway. Germany's famous beer-soaked celebration
Jennifer Hudson Stars As Disney's Newest Princess In Annie Leibovitz Shoot (PHOTOS) Hudson is dressed as Tiana from \The Princess and the Frog.\ Jennifer Hudson is now a princess. Kinda. All photos Annie Leibovitz
America's Most Awesome Boardwalks Who says a boardwalk has to be by the ocean? Along Lake Michigan in the Windy City, the Navy Pier has got a 150-foot-high Ferris wheel a carousel, wave swinger, mini-golf, and remote-control boats in season.
8 Spots To Travel With Your New Love Interest The Guardian named this sing-along joint one of Tokyo's 10 Best Bars For Weird Stuff. This is not your typical dinky date
Ibiza Summer Comes To A Close With Ridiculous Partying Look! Even the Duchess of Alba is here! (But she prefers the water.) The club in Ibiza will be your happy place. And then
Airline Breaks Kenny Perry's Driver On Flight To Champions Tour Event | Golf Channel A winner of two majors this summer on the Champions Tour, Kenny Perry is in the midst of a career year and is currently the
Finders Keepers Here are six places where you and the kids can hunt for gold, diamonds, and other bling
The San Diego Beach That Swallowed up My Family Each trip to San Diego started with the best of intentions. We wanted to visit the famous San Diego Zoo with our three young children. And then we arrived in Mission Beach, and it all fell through, like the coarse gray sand slips through your fingers. We were grounded.
34 Days Later at the Finish Line After driving more than 10,000 miles from London to Mongolia, car trouble continues to plague me and my fellow Mongol Ralliers
Scoot Airlines Offers Child-Free Zones On Planes Another airline has created child-free zones on their planes. So now the question remains
Seven Things You Should Never Do in an Airplane Bathroom To make the experience better for everyone, let's heed a set of simple, easy-to-follow behavioral guidelines. Here are seven rules for using the airplane bathroom with grace and courtesy.
Breezes Bahamas Offers Discount To Hurricane Name Guests The lucky names? Andrea, Barry, Chantal, Dorian, Erin, Fernand, Gabrielle, Humberto, Ingrid, Jerry, Karen, Lorenzo, Melissa
Floodlit Gothic I was tired after a long day of guidebook research. But there's a buzz about the sound-and-light show at Reims Cathedral
The Best Snacks to Bring on Airplanes Do you crave Biscoff cookies or Terra Blues potato chips? If you do, you're probably a frequent flier. I travel a fair amount and while some airlines offer decent snacks, more often than not they are sold out or not available by the time they get to my row, so I find it's best to be prepared.
North America's Best Lakeside Retreats With summer waning, we thought we'd turn our attention away from the ocean and over to the under-appreciated lake. Maybe it's for a late August getaway or an early fall weekend trip, but either way, we found 8 stunning spots to relax by North America's prettiest swimming holes.
5 Places to Celebrate Martin Luther King, Jr. Huge crowds are expected in Washington D.C. this weekend for the 50th anniversary celebration of Martin Luther King, Jr.'s historic March on Washington and his \I Have a Dream\ speech. Can't make it to the capital for the big party? Consider one of these five destinations.
West Chester, Pa. A university town, this main street, shaded by old growth trees, is so charming it stole a whole scene in the movie Marley and Me.
Not Terrible Near the Sacr\u00e9-C\u0153ur (Montmartre) Montmartre is a neighborhood which, like all tourist centers, presents a challenge to anyone hoping to eat well. We can't help you avoid the pickpockets around the Sacr\u00e9-C\u0153ur, but we can help you bypass the tourist trap eateries.
Reims Rhymes with France Reims, with its breathtaking Gothic cathedral and its beloved Champagne caves, is just 45 minutes from Paris on the new TGV
California Is The Hottest, Craziest State, According To Survey Luckily, you can kill two birds with one stone by heading to California. Some other fun facts about how Americans feel about
Seeing Great Gothic Churches When traveling in France, you can't help but marvel at the towering Gothic cathedrals that mark the centers of many towns
Jesse Tyler Ferguson Posts Airplane Instagram On The Way Home From New Zealand Breaking news
New Zealand's First Same-Sex Wedding Took Place On A Plane Lynley Bendall and Ally Wanikau, a pair of childcare workers, were wed in-flight after winning a contest from Air New Zealand
Abandoned Wizard Of Oz Amusement Park Reopens Once A Year For 'Autumn At Oz' (PHOTOS) A fire destroyed the Emerald City in 1976 and attendance slowly dwindled. The park sat abandoned for years, until former
Venice Tourists Shocked By 100 Euro Bill At Outdoor Cafe \If they found the prices too high, they could have got up and gone somewhere else, like many people do, or have the coffee
Pop-Up in the Rainforest Our lead instructor Thiago, with ever-inspiring enthusiasm, draws spirals in the sand with his foot, and makes us--like a
Virgin Atlantic Flight From Heathrow To JFK Diverted To Canada, Becomes 27-Hour Ordeal Hundreds of Virgin Atlantic passengers en route from London's Heathrow Airport to New York's John F. Kennedy International
Snakes Alive! 6 Standout Serpentariums Snakes get a bad rap for being ugly and slimy, but they play a crucial role in maintaining the health of our planet. If you've got a budding herpetologist in your family, visit one of these six serpentariums.
INFOGRAPHIC - U.S. Cities That Europeans Love The Brits Love Disney World, the French are heading to beaches, Italians to big cities, and the Germans? They're everywhere (in big numbers). Here are the top U.S. destinations that are most popular with Europeans this summer.
What Is the Dress Code for My Cruise? Gone are the days when formal nights were a staple of cruising, punctuated by tuxedos and ballroom gowns. Cruise lines have loosened their grip on restrictions for formal wear to accommodate younger travelers' more casual style.
Travel Tuesday But, sadly, unless you're one of the lucky few with a journey-filled job or a never-ending cash flow, travel is probably
Yoga for Skiers and Riders 
Vintage Air Travel Photos Are A Reminder Of Just How Far We've Come There is something to be said for the way things used to be. The size of the lotion in your carry on bag didn't really matter
Carnival Crew Melting Pots Carnivals are melting pots of ethnicity, with Mexicans and South Africans leading the way. The globalization of world's labor force hasn't left out carnivals.
The Most Legit Eiffel Tower Replicas You Didn't Know Existed The tower has had many AMAZING stories happen there... Constructed in 2005, this replica serves the area as a cellular tower
How To Continue Your Vacation Once It Ends Keep at least one piece of clothing out of the washing machine so it keeps that vacation smell. For a few days at least, nobody
16 Travel Destinations -- and the Songs of the Summer That They Inspired Even in these last few weeks of the summer travel season, we continue to hear summer songs that capture the spirit of the season or stir memories of waterside romance. But how many were inspired by an actual location?
Only in Chicago Some vacationers look for Marriotts and McDonald's, anything to uphold the status quo. Not me. I blaze into a city, a country, a destination looking for one-of-a-kind rarities, attractions I will likely have but one opportunity to see.
Not Looking Ahead Is Harder Than I Thought What I envy most about the rest of the animal kingdom is their ability to live completely in the present.
The Hell of Verdun Next year will mark the centennial of the start of World War I. And 2016 will be the centennial of the Battle of Verdun. I
Explore America If you're looking to do a road trip before summer's end, Dorset, Minnesota might be worth checking out if you're coming to this part of the country. This quaint town is a hint back to simpler days.
Chilean Chronicles, Part III If there was ever any shred of a doubt that Pablo Neruda, nee Neftal\u00ed Ricardo Reyes, lived an epic, fantastical life, it can be permanently eradicated by visiting La Chascona in Santiago's Bellavista neighborhood.
Casa Marina Key West Everything was telling me -- and now I'm telling you -- stay anywhere but the Waldorf Casa Marina the next time you're in Key West, and you'll be sure to have a better time.
12 Unexpected Locations Of OpenTable's Top 100 Scenic Restaurants (PHOTOS) Pier 45 \u2013 Rochester, New York Popular reservation website OpenTable has released a list of the Top 100 Scenic View Restaurants
Letter From Croatia I t's disconcerting to be in a place of great, even astonishing beauty like The Dalmatian Coast. Rather than affording pleasure
New Zipline Adventure Takes Whistler Fun to New Heights Whether you're zipping, climbing or swinging through the forest, Whistler's new Superfly outdoor adventure adds up to a day of high flying fun where once only eagles dared soar in one of North America's most picturesque natural settings.
Las Vegas Passengers Spend Double On In-Flight Drinks, Survey Finds On most trips to Las Vegas, the party starts long before hitting the Strip... and apparently even before hitting the airport
Your Weekly Travel Zen Where have you traveled for a moment of zen? Email travel@huffingtonpost.com with your travel zen or submit below. \The air
Get Paid To Travel With These Stellar Real-Life Jobs Flight Attendant We don't mean to state the obvious, but you'll get to fly all over, with perks like a flexible schedule
Disney Things You Need To Do Before Summer Is Over We don\u2019t want to be those people who are reminding you that seasons are finite and the flow of time is unstoppable, so instead
Do Cruise Lines Lie About Tipping? (POLL) If you thought tipping was out of control in the United States, try heading out to sea. That's where Jane Greene discovered the tipping economy isn't just alive and well, it apparently sustains the crew of major cruise ships.
Vicarious Vacation To Country Of Georgia Through Hyperlapse (VIDEO) While many of us would love to drop everything on a dime and just travel the world over, that's not always a possibility
Famous Sights Then And Now Move your mouse across the image below to view the 1890 Champs-\u00c9lys\u00e9es vs. the 2013 Champs-\u00c9lys\u00e9es. 1890 Champs-\u00c9lys\u00e9es vs
My Greece I'm boring in Greece. I don't have a car, Internet connection, or TV. I slice tomatoes and cucumbers and sweep the apartment, learning to live with a perpetual dusting from dirt roads.
Where to Go for Romance and Health in the British Virgin Islands If you're looking for a place to completely disconnect and rejuvenate in a healthier way, put this destination on your list. With no televisions in rooms and Wi-Fi located only in the rooms and restaurants -- not common areas -- you can unwind completely here.
Top 5 Tools for Travel Writers I can be convinced to part with my hair dryer, but there are a few things I won't leave home without.
Top 5 Scenic Mountain Drives 
Love at First Sight (of Paved Road) The \little car that could\ has transported Steve and me across nearly 10,000 miles in the Mongol Rally. But in episode five
An Island-by-Island Guide To Caribbean Rum Call it rum, rhum, or ron; just don't call it boring. Often (falsely) portrayed as uniformly saccharine, rum is one of the most diverse spirits on the planet. Today, in honor of National Rum Month (August) and the upcoming National Rum Day (August 16), we're going straight to the source to get the full story. Next stop, the Caribbean islands.
Barack Obama Vacation The Obamas are set to had back to Washington, D.C. Sunday after their week of vacation. Obama has been seen spending much
World's Best Islands (PHOTOS) More from Travel + Leisure
Rio De Janeiro Home Owners Already Renting Properties For World Cup 2014 (CNN) -- Travelers planning to attend the 2014 World Cup in Brazil better get cracking on their accommodation bookings. Organizers
7 Tips on Getting Free Hotel Upgrades Looking for a free hotel upgrade is one of the few instances in which the early bird will (probably) not get the worm.
15 Golden Giveaways Travelzoo, a global Internet media company, is celebrating its 15th birthday with a \Golden Giveaway\ campaign.
5 Travel Routes to Put a Hyperloop Ever wanted to hop from San Francisco to Los Angeles for an afternoon of shopping? Or spend a couple hours soaking up the sun in Orlando after lunch in Atlanta? Want to catch a great concert in Nashville but be in bed in St. Louis later that night?
Letter From Croatia Modern man's full of inner defenses.
Beautiful Lighthouses in America (PHOTOS) Shrouded in fog and booby-trapped by rocks hiding in the shallows, Maine's Portland Harbor is treacherous. Since 1791, the
Flexible Travel Date Airfare Search Takes A Hit I've often extolled the virtues of flexible travel date airfare search. The number of available seats at the lowest possible
It's the Climb I would love to tell you how beautiful this experience was, and how close to God I felt climbing this magnificent mountain. However, I believe I became delirious somewhere around 4,000 feet and really have no memory of making it to the top.
How to Save Money to Travel the World At first glance, it may seem close to impossible to save enough money to travel for an extended period of time, but it can be easier than you think if you are willing to make some short-term sacrifices with an eye toward your long-term goal.
Guinea-Bissau Damaged by a civil war in the late 1990s, Guinea-Bissau is filled with colorful but crumbling colonial buildings, roads lined with cashew trees -- the country's main export crop -- and markets filled with fresh fish.
Secrets of My Travel Drawer You hate packing. I get it. You're worried you're going to forget something crucial or pack too much -- and really, you just want to get on with your vacation. Whether you've logged a million miles or are a novice explorer, these suggestions will help you pack faster and enjoy your trip more.
How To Eat Like A Local In Greece Every summer, urban Grecians migrate from the mainland to many of the country's mythical islands. Here, away from the chaos of the cities, Greeks have mastered one of the most enviable arts of Mediterranean living.
Wax Museum at Fisherman's Wharf In San Francisco Closing Its Doors On 50th Anniversary (PHOTOS) Check out photos of the Wax Museum at Fisherman's Wharf in our slideshow below
Athens in August With the heavenly winds or \meltemia\ of the Aegean Sea and Saronic Gulf providing cool evenings, Athens is transformed into a magical paradise, enabling one to gaze at the illuminated Acropolis and take in all its architectural perfection as it stands guard over its admirers.
How to Avoid Getting Seasick Getting seasick on a cruise can easily ruin your vacation. Whether you're a first-time cruiser or a seasoned one, it's important to know what you can do to ensure that rough seas don't banish you to your cabin. Here's what to pack (and do) before you set sail.
The World's Quirkiest Beaches (PHOTOS) From beaches with colorful sand to odd shapes lining the shore, here are nine quirky beaches around the world that are worth
Uncover Your Airline Personality With This Highly Scientific Quiz In kindergarten, our teachers told us we're like snowflakes
How to Pick the Right Restaurant When Traveling Looking for a great place to eat while traveling? In some ways, it's never been easier to find a dining destination. It's also never been so vexing.
3 Free Ways to Get Your Pop Culture Fix in London A few months ago, I had the pleasure of traveling around Ireland and London with my mother and sister during a 12-day vacation we'd been planning since I was in high school.
My Aunt and Uncle Are Cave People I will always fondly remember visiting my aunt and uncle at their cave, feeling like a wild child, almost a Flintstone.
How to Choose the Perfect Honeymoon Spot Planning a wedding often means dealing with a seemingly endless list of over-the-top choices. Save up all that decision-making energy and channel it into the one choice that may count the most
6 Amazing Hotels in Caves One way to beat the heat this summer
The Route du Vin in Alsace Adorable Kaysersberg The Route du Vin is dotted with delicious little towns. Kaysersberg is one of the most charming. The
In Search of the Sound of Music in Salzburg, Austria Whenever anyone asked me why I was going to Salzburg, I \blamed\ the movie musical The Sound of Music. Often, I was met with eyes popping with delight. But I had yet to find a moment that was truly worthy of that reaction.
Canada the Beautiful... People It would have been easy for me to write about the beautiful towns we rode through, the rolling, flowing roads we traversed, the wonderful food we ingested or the blistering pace at which we rode, but for me this year, the Tour was and is about people.
10 Hotels with Scandalous Pasts Hotels are the perfect places for the rich and famous to engage in questionable conduct. They're private enough to be concealed from prying public eyes, yet they're also an exciting escape from the monotony of home. It's no wonder that hotels have provided the backdrop for many of this century's most notorious scandals.
Week 2 of the Mongol Diaries in Pictures The second week of our 10,000 mile road trip across the Eurasian continent marked a watershed moment -- we had officially exited the nations commonly defined as \Western European,\ and entered the Baltic countries, a region that was new and exciting for all of us.
'Souvenir Nation,' Smithsonian Exhibit, Features Napoleon's Napkin, Presidential Hair (PHOTOS) One tip for wannabe collectors from Bird
Finding Pace Our charming village is nestled on a perfect two miles across semi-circle of a bay at the base of the foothills of the Sierra Nevada, which by the time you reach Granada and the Alhambra soar to over 12,000 feet.
The Long Drop of Hell Travelers undertaking the Mongol Rally have to be super resourceful and open to new ideas on the road. In the fourth episode
Explore the Lost City in Colombia (PHOTOS) Rain check Machu Picchu and challenge yourself this year with a trek to La Ciudad Perdida, The Lost City tucked inside the dense jungles of northern Colombia.
Chris Burkard 
Clearwater Dials up Its Beach Cuisine To have the quintessential Clearwater experience, you need to eat your grouper and key lime pie while watching the sun go down. Drinking a beer is also encouraged.
America's Best Coffee Cities (PHOTOS) Before you order an espresso at a Seattle coffee bar, you can often read where the coffee beans came from, how those beans were roasted--and even a short r\u00e9sum\u00e9 of the barista who's making your cup. Such passion made Seattle a shoo-in to win the title of best coffee city.
The Top 10 Casino and Hotel Combinations Outside Vegas By Annabel Candy, HotelsCombined.com Would you like to escape from the modern world for a while and relive the glory days
A Reason Airplane Food Is So Bland When\u2019s the last time you enjoyed your in-flight meal? Your answer is probably \u201cnever.\u201d And with the first weekend in August
'Amazing Maps' On Twitter Informs, Entertains With Unexpected Visuals Confused? Here, let us (ahem) map it out for you. Public debt as a percentage of GDP. pic.twitter.com/DZObHflIuL \u2014 Amazing
Pastry Chefs Reveal Their Favorite Desserts Around the World Pastry chefs like Dominique Ansel, Fran\u00e7ois Payard and Andrea Litvin spend their days crafting up delicious sweets for the world to enjoy. But what are their favorite desserts? We find out.
Flip-Flopping Colmar I love traveling through France with Steve Smith, the co-author of our France guidebook. And everywhere we go in France, we
7 Eco-Travel Tips for Earth Day and Every Day! It's never been easier to be good to yourself and the planet at the same time. Here, our top trip tips for an environmentally friendly--and totally brag-worthy--vacation.
Best Luxury Hotels in Peru It truly is a destination that has about anything you'd like to do and in my opinion, for something like a 7-day or 10-day itinerary, it is the best country to hit in South America.
President Obama Visits Nancy's Restaurant While On Vacation In Martha's Vineyard (PHOTO) We all have our favorite local haunts that we just have to visit when we're on vacation in a familiar, beloved place. For
10 of the Most Beautiful Places to Visit in Scotland We can't make a list of Scotland's most beautiful destinations without a nod to the historic capital. Encircled by 7 hills
PHOTOS But the decades passed as the cars steadily decayed. Left to the elements, the Chatillon car graveyard expanded over time
Cow Jams in Uzbekistan Welcome to Turkmenistan, where we get lost (again) as we head from London to Mongolia to raise funds for charity during the
Summer Luxury in Italy Sun-bathed piazzas, colorful, aromatic farmers markets, sensual people throbbing to different music 24 hours a day. If Alaska is the land of the Midnight Sun, Italia is the terra of the Midnight Fun.
Summer In Benidorm, Spain (PHOTOS) The town of Benidorm is located in the Costa Blanca region of Spain's coast -- about 25 miles to the northeast of Alicante
I Am Not My Name Tag I've damaged multiple suits by piercing the coat pocket with those old-school name tags that use a straight pin. Then they invented magnets and the first models hung so heavy that the pocket lip sagged, my name drooping toward the ground, making it look melancholy and downtrodden, as if to say
20 Airline Acronyms And What They Mean Is there anything with more acronyms and abbreviations than aviation? It's possible (law? military?), but for argument's
Travel in Bangkok Like all big cities Bangkok has plenty of shopping, but there's a difference...here it's cheap. And even if you're not buying, the city's markets are like treasure troves.
You Can Stay Here! Dream Villas for Rent Here's your next vacation rental
Incredibly Beautiful Subway Stations It's not all litter and rats. Sometimes, the underground is beautiful.
America's Best Outdoor Restaurants (PHOTOS) Beautiful Lighthouses in America America's Snobbiest Cities At Linger in Denver, you walk through the neon Olinger Mortuaries
Shopping Experts' Guide to Dallas When we decided to take a road trip from Dallas to Austin for SXSW, we had high hopes for middle-of-nowhere taco stops and sunshiny afternoons. What we didn't expect was how much we'd fall for the starting point.
Best Free Attractions in Las Vegas While accommodations come cheap in Sin City, expensive attractions and overpriced shows can eat up your budget and leave you with nothing. Don't break the bank on your trip.
'How to Not Get Sick in India,' and Six Other Lessons From a Trip Around the World These things aren't obvious and generally ran against my initial assumptions. If you're planning a similar trip abroad, these might save you some trouble. If you're not, they might (hopefully) whet the palate.
10 Ways To Avoid Having Seatmates... For Free Rock out to your music, engage in lively conversation, questionably flirt and be just creepy enough not to get arrested. 4
Where Do You Go to Renew? I like that it takes time and effort, and a measure of discomfort to arrive at this beautiful, sequestered place. As I cross multiple state lines and head south to the farm, I undergo a process of shedding.
America's Best Towns For Active Travelers, According To Outside Magazine (PHOTOS) For the third year in a row, Outside Magazine has polled readers on their favorite towns across America. Last year, the magazine
Top 10 Labor Day 2013 Destinations Labor Day is often considered to be the last long weekend primed for summer travel, so it isn't surprising that so many Americans head to the airport at the end of August/early September for a final summer jaunt.
Ryanair Pilots Accuse Budget Airline Of Neglecting Safety, Call For Inquiry The survey further determined 89 percent of the employees believed Ryanair lacked an open and transparent safety culture
Your Weekly Travel Zen \The few days we spent in the park were incredibly foggy and rainy, which, whenever I visited the lighthouse, inspired and
WATCH VIDEO
These Are The Most Embarrassing Photos Of Presidents On Vacation And he's off! The Obamas are leaving for their annual Martha's Vineyard vacation this weekend, bringing us to resurface one
In Love With Sio Bak (Roast Pork) George Bernard Shaw famously once said that there is no love more sincere than the love for food. I have to correct and update him. V2- the last part should read \than my love for roast pork.\
The Exceptional Traveler I'm a big fan of house rentals and housesitting, having done both many times in different parts of the world, from Morocco to Carriacou in the Caribbean. Not only can it be arranged within any budget, there is no better way to learn about another country and become part of the community.
Being The Best House Guest According to ustravel.org., residents of the United States logged 1.6 billion personal trips in 2012. When I travel, my preference is to always stay in a hotel. I suppose that comes from my father.
Disney's D23 Expo Disney's D23 Expo, which is taking place August 9-11 at the Anaheim Convention Center in California, offers visitors an immersive weekend into every aspect of The Walt Disney Company.
Duck Key in the Florida Keys One and a half hours from the heart of Miami, there's a sign for Duck Key on Route 1, the Overseas Highway, before it hits the world-famous Seven Mile Bridge. Take the left turn. The road leads to a quiet but developed archipelago anchored by the family-friendly Hawks Cay Resort.
10 Reasons Why People Fall in Love With San Miguel de Allende Located in central Mexico, San Miguel de Allende has no beaches or blue waters like the Mexican resorts of Cancun, Cozumel, or Los Cabos. And it isn't easy to get to directly from many U.S. or Canadian cities.
Visiting Florida's Seminole Tribe Noella O'Donnell, 42 Panther Clan Today the tribe has come so far. People assume the tribe has this wealth of funding that
Potato Chip Rock In San Diego Causes Instagram Flurry The \Cliffhanger:\ And now, some prime #potatochiprock poses
Top Ten Hurricane Season Hot Spots, According To MissTravel Booking Increase
Hungry Ghosts Are Sated and Stimulated in Penang The Gates of Hell are open and peckish spirits from the Underworld are wandering about. This can only mean one thing
Tokyo Disneyland Heats Up with Summer Fun Summer at Tokyo Disneyland has a special Japanese look, feel and taste! Every year the park hosts an all-out Japanese Natsu Matsuri - summer festival - during the hottest months of July and August.
Carnival Labor Day Carny John once helped his mother run a carnival but says he gave up ownership because of carnies, who describes as a class of difficult, overlooked people he loves.
These Hotels Are Sooo Not Mainstream We have a special spot in our heart for hipster travelers. They, like us, have high standards when it comes to choosing a hotel. They'll often gravitate toward spots that are uber-trendy, quirky, or extremely green.
Sumba, Indonesia If you need to get away -- far, far away -- to a magical place completely different from anything you're used to, visit Sumba
Detour to Chernobyl In the second episode of \Adventures in Mongol Rally Land,\ I go a little farther off the path. While driving from London to Mongolia during the rally, My partner-in-madness Steven Priovolos and I dabbled in a little extreme tourism by taking a detour to Chernobyl.
Chefs & Sommeliers Montreal Guide Montreal, the city known for doing magical things with poutine, is the perfect place to plan to a culinary vacation. But pack your pajama jeans, because eating here doesn't fall under the category of light.
The New Stars of European Travel Could it be that American travelers are passing over Western Europe's traditional tourist trail in favor of newer, less-traveled destinations in southern and eastern Europe?
Does the TSA Give You Good Service? (POLL) Like most Americans, Jim Davies thinks the Transportation Security Administration might benefit from top-to-bottom reform.
Secrets to a Seamless Embarkation Boarding a ship can often be a tedious and drawn-out experience. Since hours of waiting in a terminal is not how you want to start your vacation, it's important to know what you can do to make embarkation go as smoothly as possible.
Protecting Your Goods While Traveling We've all heard the horror stories from friends and fellow travelers you meet on the road. Some involve falling asleep and the waking up with missing gear. Others involve being held up at gunpoint. Sometimes it's just a good, old-fashioned pickpocket.
America's Best Food Crawls We've all been there. Hungry in a strange city and all you want is some good, homemade, local grub. Well, skip the chains and fast food and explore the culinary treats America has to offer with a food crawl! Here are five of our favorites.
Bali Spiritual Experience This morning, just past dawn, when my coffee and I walked out of my villa here in Bali, a huge grey egret was standing by
Balkans Road Trip (Part 2) The next day we had a walking tour of Sarajevo. It was brilliantly sunny, hot and humid. In fact, Eastern Europe was having
Day To Night In The World's Most Iconic Cities For more photos from the series, click here. Photographer Stephen Wilkes tackled this very conundrum when he set out to photograph
Japanese Ninja Camp For Tourists Ever fantasised about throwing a ninja star? No? Perhaps silent stealth is a more useful skill for the 21st century. In Japanese
Prague Any time I visit Prague, a highlight for me is to drop by the castle's front door and see Josef and his Prague Castle Orchestra
Chilean Chronicles, Part II What do we want to do and to have done with our time on the planet?
Kauai Boasts a New Breed of Golf Widow I don't golf but I do hold the sport in high esteem, as it got me out of having to take football in PE. It was my respite
Il Palazzo Enciclopedico \Lasciate ogni speranza voi ch'entrate,\ \abandon all hope, ye who enter here\ {This was originally posted to The Screaming
Top 5 Fastest Dollar Dumpling Spots in Manhattan's Chinatown McDonald's may have its 60-second service guarantee, but if it's not a Sausage McMuffin you're craving off the dollar menu, the same buck can buy four or five Beijing-style fried meat-and-chive dumplings at dollar-an-order establishments all over Manhattan's Chinatown.
Where To Go In Europe If you\u2019re
See the Adirondacks Like Your Grandaddy Did (With Better Food and Bedding) As you squeeze through walls of rock in an inflatable raft on a chute of whitewater, you might experience the nirvana that tourists did back in the '70s -- the 1870s, that is.
The Ten Best Offbeat Sites in Pennsylvania Dutch Country Most tourists come to Lancaster County, PA to get a glimpse of horse-driven buggies, bearded men and bonnet-clad women; the Amish and other Pennsylvania Dutch who still farm with ox and plow. But there's so much more to this region of PA.
Paris In China In a recent look at the strange locale, the Atlantic's Henry Grabar said
'Paris Style, Arabic Spice' Marrakech may be a mystery in the dark. An expert's puzzle. We knew this. And we came for it. But in the maze of twisty streets and market souks, we are hunting a kind of familiarity, too.
50 Places Music Lovers Must Visit A couple of weeks back, our esteemed literary editor Jason Diamond put together a pretty epic roundup of 50 places every
Rooftop Hotel Bars With Incredible Views We dig a hotel with a gorgeous view, so it's no surprise we can't stop staring at the photos of these 14 rooftop bars.
Berlin The Memorial to the Murdered Jews of Europe Consisting of 2,711 gravestone-like pillars (called \stelae\ and completed in
Parody United 'Airlanes' Twitter Account Hilariously Spoofs Airline, Passengers Apparently, the person behind the parody United account created it in May of 2012, then forgot about it. In July of this
The Site of Hitler's Bunker In early 1945, as Allied armies advanced on Berlin and Nazi Germany lay in ruins, Hitler and his staff retreated to a bunker
8 Uncommonly Cool Children's Museums --Dave Parfitt of Adventures by Daddy contributed this to MiniTime.com. Madison Children's Museum This small but first-rate
Berlin Is Still a Work in Progress Berlin is one of Europe's hottest destinations. The city is as vibrant and exciting as ever. Locals are bragging that it just surpassed Rome as the third most-visited city in Europe.
In Honor Of Shark Week, 10 Best Places To Swim With Sharks (CNN) -- Megalodon may be extinct, but other sharks have been making headlines lately. There's the viral photo of a man who
Food Trucks Land At Airport Waiting Lots Airport cellphone waiting areas are starting to look like fast-food drive-ins. A number of airports are allowing food trucks
8 Awe-inspiring Waterfalls Nothing but water tumbling from a vertical drop, waterfalls have a transcendent beauty that's almost difficult to explain -- there's the rush of the flowing water, the crash falling over the rocks and the residual spray of the cascade.
America's Most Dangerous Bridges (PHOTOS) Although many insufficient bridges are undergoing major rehabilitation or replacement, such improvements require years of work, and in the meantime millions of cars still rely on them daily. Read on to find out if your travel plans cross any of America's most troubled bridges.
A Chef's Guide to the Berkshires Chef Alfred Portale of Gotham Bar and Grill shares his picks for eating, drinking and food shopping in The Berkshires.
What You Need To Know About Vaccinations And Medication Before Traveling Abroad Certain destinations require additional medication. \Say you wanted to climb Mt. Kilimanjaro or go to Cuzco in Peru,\ Brunette
The Worst Food in the World On the way to the headwaters of the Bio-Bio River in Chile, where we hoped to make the first descent, we stopped at a Mapuche Indian farm house and asked if we might camp in an untilled field. Yes, Yaco, the owner, replied, but only if we joined for dinner.
Drink 'Em While It's Hot Colorado is known for many things, but perhaps its most quaffable quirk is its love of beer. Even though there aren't quite enough breweries in Colorado to try a new brew each sunny day, there are more than 160 breweries in the Centennial State, so we're getting there.
Let's Get Lost The pickers arrive just after 7:30 a.m. in an entourage of cars. From open doors emerge sundry shapes and sizes. The \gang\ circles around its leader, anticipating another day of back-bending labor and hand-rolled cigarettes.
Keeping it Calenta in Catalonia As the second biggest city in Spain, Barcelona is a highly worthwhile destination spot for summer travelers. A culturally
Top 10 Travel Gifts With everything from a digital camera to a travel bag that insulates wine bottles, we have all you need to ensure you get the most out of your next adventure, regardless of the destination.
How Was Your Flight? Running an airline is a tough business and I wouldn't want to do it myself any more than I would like to run a restaurant. But it is the business the airlines are in and they need to do a better job. This is what you do for a living and we pay you.
Carnivals the Chicago Way I chose carnivals to write about because they operate in town centers across the country. The focus of the community often is an annual event and each has workers with lives as colorful as the carnivals they work.
See a Natural Phenomenon in Lake Murray Country, SC When I first got the call about covering a unique travel story in the Capital City Lake Murray Country region of South Carolina I admit at first it was hard to wrap my head around what was going on here.
Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth's Faux Pas in Nevis? Everything I learned about Nevis I learned from  Bernice, my cab driver/tour guide for a full island tour.
War and Peace and Dog Poop Alas, bad travel is a bit like childbirth. You forget the pain soon after, and focus on the joy of the outcome.
26 Cheap Things to Do, Eat and See in New Orleans ure you can drop a wad of cash in The Big Easy, but it's not necessary. Here are 26 cheap -- and free! -- things to do, eat, and see in New Orleans that won't bankrupt your vacation.
8 Things Hotels Won't Tell You (But You Need To Know) Like any business, hotels have their secrets. And after spending more than 20 years working in and improving struggling hotels, I've learned them all -- the good, the bad and the ugly. Now, just like I do on Travel Channel's \Hotel Impossible\each week, I'm sharing my expertise with you.
Bali Granted, the pool is an undoubtedly important element for most people vacationing on a tropical island. But if the culture was right there on the premises it would be much easier to combine the two...
Disney Movies Map Check out the slideshow below to see some real-life Disney locations that you can visit on your travels. While the map depicts
One Final Duty-Free Gauntlet Before Leaving Scotland This video clip may show what seems like any old airport, but after two weeks in unpolished Scotland, it came as a jolt to
Brandenburg Gate Revitalized For years, my memories of Berlin's Brandenburg Gate were of an eerie no-man's land in the middle of the Berlin Wall, with
10 Best Underwater Sites to Visit If you have a taste for history, then stray away from museums that are flooded with tourists and navigate your way to the depths of the ocean to visit these spectacular underwater treasures.
Hippie-Hipster Woodstock Love Woodstock will forever be associated with the 1969 music festival that happened in nearby Belden, and there's plenty of hippie kitsch around town as a reminder. If you look past the tie-dye emporiums and energy healers, though, Woodstock has its own laid-back sense of style.
Top 9 Day Trips and Excursions Near Cancun While the Riviera Maya is often considered an inexpensive hub for those seeking boozy fun in the sun, there has been a growing trend in travelers who are opting to leave the cushy confines of all-inclusive resorts and explore the more authentic, enriching, and unique areas of the region.
Glamp Like a Champ Some people can handle the sleeping bag and zippered tent, but not all. So what to do if you love the great outdoors but want to rough it without, well, really roughing it? The answer
Japan's Fake Food Is Real Deal For Tourists This entry has expired
Chinese Tourists Upset North Koreans By Treating Children 'Like They're Feeding Ducks' Per The Shanghaiist, Chinese visitors to the so-called \hermit kingdom\ have also been known to pick up \bewildered\ North
Spanish Moss and Spirits These gorgeous houses often hide evil secrets and dark pasts -- making them prime spots for hauntings. Explore our top haunted plantations...if you dare!
Travels With Journey The other three courses were delightfully served by Hannah whose culinary expertise and knowledge of the world was a fascinating
Family Under the Stars On this trip, my family bonded as we hiked, swam underneath a waterfall, went tubing, made s'mores and talked about life. We listened for coyotes, spotted a baby bear, walked in the rain and told scary ghost stories. Camping will definitely become a family tradition.
16 Pools With a View Dipping into a serene swimming pool overlooking a wonderful view can mark a moment of true arrival for the harried traveler. For those of us unlucky enough to be chained to a computer at the moment, here is a delightfully escapist collection of 16 pools with a view.
Travels With Journey I was already tying up my shoe laces and getting ready to go! Journey's patience and bladder control is just one of his priceless
What's Cookin' in Music City? Sure, Nashville has earned its rep as Music City. Where else can you kick back and enjoy a family-friendly show like the Full Moon Pickin' Party, featuring country headliners plus bluegrass and roots artists in a public park under a full moon?
Chilean Chronicles, Part I Thirteen years after I first applied to the Fulbright program, six months after we began the process of preparing to sell our house, and one day after countless trips in and out of the house, we are an hour or so from landing in Santiago, Chile.
11 Travel Sketches From Southeast Asia and Japan (PHOTOS) In the trailer for her latest book of sketches, Drawing Around Sagrada Fam\u00edlia, Swedish illustrator Nina Johansson says, \Drawing the world really makes life a richer experience.\ Since I started travel sketching two and a half years ago, I've always found this to be true.
5 Destinations in Belize for Nature Lovers Unfortunately, many people never truly experience the many places in Belize that make the country so alluring. There is much we can learn from a country that values sustainable tourism, its fascinating Mayan history and the health of its natural environment.
Hotel Graffiti Since 2006, David Bussell has been inscribing messages in hotel rooms throughout the world - from Eastland, Texas to Edinburgh, Scotland.
Your Weekly Travel Zen Where have you traveled for a moment of zen? Email travel@huffingtonpost.com with your travel zen or submit below. \This
Would You Take Your Kids to Las Vegas? Vegas may not be considered the most family-friendly destination, but if you get creative, you can make sure the little ones end up with an unforgettable trip. And we don't mean that in a Hangover kind of way.
Top Things to Do in Japan Most travelers have a list of major sights, shrines, parks, gardens, restaurants, museums, or neighborhoods to explore. But for many, Japan's unique culture is an attraction unto itself and simply being immersed into the unfamiliar is the best experience of all.
Disney Imagineer Marty Sklar Pens First Book - \Dream It! Do It!\ Whether you are a Disney fan like myself (sometimes we are called Disney Nerds) or just enjoy the various forms of entertainment Disney has to offer in many cases you can thank a Disney Imagineer. What is an Imagineer you may ask?
Top 10 Extreme Hotels in the World MEXICO SPAIN Lapland Hotel Kakslauttanen Photo and complete review of Whitepod Surrounded by coffee, cardamom and pepper
Port, Paintings & Plazas - Porto's Must-Sees From a Photographer Grab yourself a glass of port, sit back, relax, and discover the magic of Porto
Coolest Modes of Transportation Around the World Planes, trains, and automobiles are universal, but in some reaches of the world, moving parts are put to new uses. Here is just a glimpse of some of the coolest modes of transportation you could find yourself flagging down, jumping on, or jumping off when traveling the world.
How to do Broadway on a Budget Whether you're a student, senior or just an admirer of all things theater, here are some websites you need to know about.
Forty Miles of Ice Cream from Watertown to Kingston We started the day on the STIHL Tour des Trees with a tree dedication of a Japanese lilac at the Jefferson County Historical Society Victorian Garden in Watertown, N.Y. Having just left Syracuse the day before, Watertown was a stark difference with its hometown atmosphere.
7 Stellar Cruise Ship Suites We Are Dying to Stay In Stay in one of these spacious suites and find everything you could ever need while out on the open seas -- from cashmere lap blankets to use on your veranda, to Cristal Champagne upon arrival, and even attentive butlers who will do the dreaded packing/unpacking for you.
The Stunning, Spiritual Barcelona Sagrada Familia Basilica Antoni Gaudi, artist, designer and architect, was responsible for most of Barcelona's distinct features, including Guell Park, myriad churches and cathedrals, and his most famous project, the Sagrada Fam\u00edlia (Holy Family) church.
A Tswalu Safari to Rival All Others South Africa's southern Kalahari, known also as the 'Green Kalahari', is an area that sees more rainfall than Botswana's drier Central Kalahari region, creating a unique natural climate and wilderness where you can observe a large diversity of species, quite unlike other wildlife reserves.
The 25 Best Road Trips For Nerds Need to get in touch with your inner science nerd? In this month's issue of Popular Science Magazine, writers Geoff Manaugh
Is Marathon, Texas The Next (Or Next Next) Marfa? In a lot of ways, Marathon is nothing like Marfa. The town's population has seen a population decline since the 1900s. Now
Exploring the Luckie-Marietta District -- Downtown Atlanta's New Hot Spot The transformation of Atlanta into a world-class city began decades ago, even before the arrival of the Olympic Games. The development of Buckhead spread south to Midtown, before eventually turning to the West End and East Atlanta. At last, it seems to be Downtown's turn.
10 Amazing River Trips in North America Whitewater rafting can spice up any trip, whether you're looking for a pleasant family float or a white-knuckle reunion of college friends. Here's what you need to know as you plan your next raft trip.
The 13 Quirkiest Roads You Need To See The Most Stubborn This road just won't move. The Umeda exit of the Hanshin Expressway in Osaka, Japan runs right through
Following Dr. King's Footsteps in Alabama, An Emotional Journey As the capital of Alabama, and former capital of The Confederate States of America, Montgomery is steeped in history, but for people of our generation its recent history is more transformational. This is the city where Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. began his civil rights work.
Chicago, Carnivals & Cows Among its many firsts, the Chicago World's Fair featured the first Ferris Wheel and the midway layout has become a standard for carnivals. These days the burlesque shows are gone and most freak shows too, but midways remain hotspots for carnivals games and ride.
How to Spend 5 Days in Kyoto It's been said that you must dig to find the historical side of Kyoto, with its layers of the past nestled here and there among bustling city streets and tall modern buildings. But for me, it felt like the other way around.
10 Best Resaturants in Grand Cayman Grand Cayman has a reputation for some of the best food in the Caribbean. From roadside BBQ to beachfront fish shacks to international superstar chefs, the island has you covered. Here's a list of the best right now.
4 Ways Breaking Bad Fans Can Get Their Fix Before the Finale As the commercials say, all bad things must come to an end. The AMC hit television show Breaking Bad may be drawing to a close this summer, but we've got four ways fans of the show can get their fix before it's all over.
How to 'Sticker' Your Car In 2012 I participated in my second Mongol Rally, the ultimate road trip from London to Mongolia to raise funds for a charity
10 Ways to Be Happy on the Amalfi Coast There's been a lot written about happiness lately. I've got a surefire way to achieve it
Glasgow Surprises Enjoy two minutes with an extra-hot latte on what I think of as \the Ramblas of Glasgow\
Two Types of People in Glasgow Glasgow is a city where it seems there are two kinds of people
Vacation Some E-Card Hits The Nail On The Head Yes. That is all. To send, click here.
Do the Promenade at Three Peerless Florida Piers (PHOTOS) This is the best view of Daytona Beach -- and free, no admission fee. The sound of lifeguard whistles shrill over the crash
Imagine Quitting Your Job And Traveling The World Imagine this
Should Kids Be Off Limits for Fee-Hungry Airlines? (POLL) How far would airlines go to collect a few more bucks from you? If nothing would surprise you anymore, then you should hear Hesha Duggirala's story.
Eating my Way through Asheville, North Carolina Most visitors to Asheville, North Carolina come to see George Vanderbilt's Biltmore Estate and to drive the Blue Ridge Parkway, but I roared into town on the back of my man's BMW R1200GS motorcycle to explore one of America's greatest undiscovered food towns.
Celebrity Hangouts Have you ever wanted to sit on the same bar stool as Johnny Depp, sleep in the same room as Elizabeth Taylor or look out over the balcony that inspired a classic novel, hit song or first famous kiss? Here's your brief history of celebrity hang outs covered in stardust, ink and heartbreak.
The Joy of the Unexpected One of the delights of travel is the people that you meet, people to whom you have no obvious connection, except that for some brief moments you inhabit the same physical space.
9 Common Questions About Cruises First-time cruisers often have many preconceptions about sailing. You may fear that the food on all ships is terrible, that days spent onboard are a claustrophobic's worst nightmare, or that cruises are simply boring. Here are nine common questions.
\Island Life\ From Bali to Quebec Most people hear the phrase \island life\ and think of beach lounging, umbrella-drink sipping, and ocean dipping. That's certainly the case on many tropical islands, but not all islands are the same.
10 Insider Tips for Navigating TripAdvisor Reviews To plan a vacation, people around the globe are increasingly seeking out insider tips and recommendations from online review sites. And TripAdvisor reviews have changed the travel landscape dramatically. Here are 10 insider tips for using Trip Advisor reviews.
Cycling Through the New York Finger Lakes If you think of Americana, this was it. When you're riding for as long as we did, nothing makes it easier than meeting new friends and absorbing a place in our country as beautiful as this.
Chef David Myers' Hong Kong : See what happens when Chef David Myers visits some of the new boutique shops that have sprung up in Hong Kong.
A Journey to the Rice Terraces of Batad The terraces of Batad are a stunning scene to behold, sculpted like giant staircases from the mountains of Ifugao. Considered a backpackers Mecca by many, the rice terraces are a worthwhile journey. My journey to Batad began atop a jeepney, which was a unique experience in itself.
10 Islands Teeming With Wild Animals Some you may want to visit. Others you definitely want to avoid. But all pique the imagination, reminding us of the bizarre nooks and crannies that exist in our world.
8 Classic Tourist Photos You Just Have To Take 3) Platform 9 and 3/4 You can go for the lean
Atomic Liquors Las Vegas While the caf\u00e9 was transforming into a bar, a nuclear testing site was being built by the U.S. Army a mere 50 miles away. In this age of innocence it quickly became vogue to grab an \Atomic Cocktail\ and climb a ladder to the caf\u00e9's roof to watch for mushroom clouds on the horizon.
Pay Your Way Through TSA Once again Americans find themselves with a nationwide change in screening policies that defies common sense.
WATCH When happiness blogger Shari Alyse arrived in Vinci, Italy, she wondered what she was going to do in a city that looked like
Scotland Tour Celtic music (both Irish and Scottish) stirs me. It's a great part of travel here. I see the tumult of the past and the love
Scotland Tour It is always a bit emotional at the end of a tour, when we say goodbye to our bus driver and guide. We have a tour culture
Bryan Habana, South African Rugby Player, Races Airbus A380, Wins, In Stunt For British Airways (VIDEO) WATCH the race, above. In a second feat, Habana was joined by his fellow teammate Jean De Villiers, and Chris Robshaw, an
Airport Security Seizes Boy's Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle Toys \The flight is not going to be held up by a five-year-old boy with a plastic sword - they need to assess the risk that they
Ubud's Mastery in Art of Tourism You can't visit Bali's cultural center of Ubud and not see any art. Creativity is everywhere here, from pura (temples) to palaces, galleries to gardens, with shops and handicrafts and lovingly decorated shrines.
Love Letters The people and industry here in Milwaukee represent all the qualities necessary to help build a brand like Harley-Davidson - one focused on family, pride, strong work ethic and camaraderie.  Milwaukeeans have an unmatched creative and fun loving spirit, and they possess the skills and passion to produce some of the best products in the world.
Week 1 of the Mongol Diaries in Pictures The reality of setting off on a 10,000 mile road trip from London to Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia takes a while to set in.
Cycling Through Canada With the STIHL Tour des Trees The STIHL Tour des Trees started last night with a welcome dinner, bringing together all my friends from last year and more than 35 new cyclists ready to take on the Tour.
10 Digital Detox Vacation Hacks To Help You Truly Unplug On your next trip, try these 10 simple technology hacks to enjoy a blissfully smartphone-free vacation. Make your itinerary
Tips for Booking Flights on Europe's Budget Airlines It costs how much to fly from London to Berlin? I just searched for the flight for mid-October and found incredibly (some would say \suspiciously\) cheap offers. What's the catch?
A Beginner's Guide to Visiting Medell\u00edn - How to Spend a Long Weekend Medell\u00edn, Colombia, once one of the most dangerous cities on Earth, was named Innovative City of the Year in 2013. With great weather, great restaurants, tons of art/culture and amazing nightlife, it should be on any curious traveler's bucket list.
See Italy With Great Tour Guides Italy is so incredibly rich in history, culture, art and gastronomy that it is challenging to take in its many layers without consulting an expert.
Oman Oman straddles effortlessly between the modern and the ancient. I love the way that the developers have embraced Arabic sensibilities in building a modern nation
Get Away Without Getting On An Airplane The trip was an easy escape from urban everyday life, but had none of the stress that comes with getting on an airplane.
Delta Passenger Abandons Bags To Avoid Huge Fee Transportation Security Administration officials were able to identify the bag's owner, who was stopped upon landing in New
Incredible Gondola Rides Around the World Those in need of a pick-me-up could do a lot worse than to consider these incredible cable cars, which take in some of the most awesome panoramic views on the planet.
Providence, RI - A River Renaissance Once called the \Beehive of Industry\ Providence, RI fell hard during the Great Depression. But in the 1970s, city officials decided to take action, uncovering downtown rivers that were buried beneath roads and embracing a passionate artistic community spirit.
Best Hotels in Canada 2013 Wilderness lodges, lakeside retreats and city high-rises are just a sampling of Canada's luxury lodging options. Whether you're traveling for business, planning a ski vacation or looking for a spa getaway, choosing the right hotel is imperative for an enjoyable trip.
10 Smart Tips for Better Beach Vacations Where do lifeguards look first when a child is lost on the beach? What everyday product makes sand fall away from skin? How can you take the pain out of a jellyfish sting? Here are some great tips for a stress-free beach getaway.
An Inadvisable Adventure Across India Usually, when you tell people about an upcoming overseas vacation, they express excitement, or encouragement, or perhaps jealousy. Not so for four friends who are undertaking the inadvisable adventure that is the Rickshaw Run.
Which Travel Credit Cards Have the Best Rewards? Gearing up for your summer travel plans and looking forward to racking up the rewards on your credit card? Depending on which credit card you use, you could get some serious value for your travel.
Sand Beach, Acadia National Park Is Our Destination Of The Day (PHOTOS) With its pinkish-white sand and aqua waters, Sand Beach is reminiscent of the strands on Bermuda. Comprised of finely ground
Europe's Best Hidden Eats From local holes-in-the-wall to trendy clandestine establishments, travelers to Europe have plenty of ways to veer off the tired tourist track when they dine. At these hidden spots, diners can immerse themselves in the local culture and be in the know despite being far from home.
Fast-Food Freedom How can America, home of the KFC Double Down, Dunkin' Donuts Glazed Donut Breakfast Sandwich, and Carl's Jr. Pop-Tart Ice Cream Sandwich, not have these amazing foreign fast-food chains within its borders?
Living Road So much of my time hitchhiking, I think of roads. Of Patch workers on ice roads. Of roadside running caribou. Of traveling carnival convoys. Of runners in love living their dream lives on the road. There's a lot of living on the road and some rides go far.
Week 2 of the Mongol Diaries - Lithuania to Russia We have strolled along the hill-fortresses of Kernave, Lithuania, and bantered with the costumed vendors in Tallinn's Old Town. In these easy, carefree moments, there is a commune with nature and other individuals.
Famous Sights Then And Now The ancient Colosseum of Rome, site of historic gladiator battles, has clearly had some structural issues
Delta Makes A Twitter Funny This now deserves a listen, of course
Five Things You Must Buy in the Caribbean -  And One Thing You Never Should Step away from the two-for-$20 T-shirts, the made-in-China thotckes, and the hackneyed shot glasses. When it comes to Caribbean souvenirs, you can do much better. Here are five of my favorite Caribbean must-buys, plus one thing you absolutely, positively never should buy.
Taxicab Etiquette From knowing how much to tip to knowing what to do if you have a complaint, taxicab etiquette can help you get from point A to point B gracefully. Here are some basic tips on how to behave as a taxicab passenger.
North Korea, Inside Out In 2013, the curious traveler who wants to experience one of the last Communist dynasties should book a ticket to Pyongyang, the capital of the Democratic People's Republic of North Korea (DPRK).
America's Best City Bike Paths Although they lag behind their European counterparts, American cities are becoming more and more bike-friendly. A growing number are launching bike sharing schemes -- New York and Chicago being the latest -- and bike lanes continue to grow in mileage nationwide.
Crowd Sourcing The Future of Travel I recently had the opportunity to participate in Marriott's new Travel Brilliantly project, and it was fascinating to see
Scotland Tour I love the challenge of orchestrating a smooth, efficient, and safe European bus tour for 25 happy travelers. There are countless keys to success.
The Sounding Sand Desert In Inner Mongolia Is Awe-Inspiring (PHOTOS) There's something to be said for a desert that makes car noises. The Xiangshawan Desert, which is located in Ordos of Inner
Travels Without Journey to the Kennel Club LAX Every pet parent worries. Will they be ok? Will they adjust to a strange atmosphere with people they don't know? Might it trigger more fear of being abandoned, or worse
How to be a Budget Sensitive Passport Collecting Fool What is a travelaholic you ask? It's a person who has an ever-present nagging desire to run home, pack a bag, and get on the next plane to anywhere. Can you relate?
Eat Your Heart Out Hasselhoff Munich While Americans making their new home abroad may have to forgo some of the often-taken-for-granted luxuries they were
8 Ways to Save Big on Summer Travel Here are our favorite insider secrets and online tools to get you where you want to be.
Afraid of Heights? Look Away These deluxe giants (all found in Asia) are guaranteed to take your breath away, not only because of their unparalleled views, but also for their magnificent interiors, futuristic designs and unrivaled grade of hospitality.
What to Do in the Hamptons This Summer Still planning your Hamptons weekend getaway? We have a list of East End must-dos.
8 Budget-Busting Travel Fees (And How to Avoid Them) You booked the flight, you got the hotel, the rental car. You're set, you're done, no surprises. Right? Well, maybe not. Keep your eyes peeled for these eight, often very expensive travel fees. With a little extra effort, many of them can be avoided.
Your Weekly Travel Zen \I love how no two bridges are alike and the architecture of each are so unique, different and picturesque.\ Where have you
London Olympics Anniversary The new royal baby isn't the only reason people are talking about London this week. Saturday marks one year since the start
Road Trips To Take This Summer (PHOTOS) So where should you go with the remaining 39 days of summer? Herewith, Schultz's picks by region. Northeast
The Beauty of Barcelona (PHOTOS) Here is something that is probably true
Church Pubs & Jailhouse Bistros Fancy a a pint in an ex-church-turned-brewery? How about dinner in a \busteraunt\? These are just a couple of the quirky, recycled restaurants popping up all over America. Here are eight of the country's best offbeat converted restaurants.
Deer Photographed Sightseeing In Paris (PHOTOS) This four-legged tourist hit all of the usual Parisian hot spots
Message In A Bottle Discovery Gives Irish Family Trip Of A Lifetime When ten-year-old Ois\u00edn Millea found a bottle in Passage East, Co. Waterford with a message written in French last year, he
Ciao, Bella! Where to Find Italy's Sexy Nightlife Moyo La Maison The aptly named Skyline Bar (also located in Venice) is an opportune way in which to take in the splendor
The Exceptional Traveler I know this sounds radical, perhaps even anti-American, but if you choose to live in a place where a car isn't essential, you will save a ton of money during your lifetime. This was a deliberate decision I made in order to have the freedom to travel.
Descending the Anhumas Abyss A perfect day in the life of an adventure traveler is one that gets your adrenaline pumping, energizes the soul, and enhances your appreciation for the natural world. Brazil is a paradise for the spirited adventurer.
Inside Tsukiji Turret trucks careening around corners, workers unloading boxes of glistening scales and tentacles, tuna carvers wielding samurai swords. All happening while Tokyo sleeps at the world's largest wholesale seafood market.
The Most Amazing Scuba Dives on the Planet For most novice divers, the otherworldly world beneath the surface of the sea is fantastical enough in its own right. No
Doing The Chaa-Chaa-Chaa Through Life's Jungle It is hard to imagine an environment that is more vividly alive than the jungle--lush, teeming, unfurling, changing, challenging, chaotic, diverse, primal, light, dark, and unpredictable.
5 Things to Love About Jindabyne, Australia Nestled in picturesque surroundings amongst the Snowy Mountains in New South Wales, Jindabyne is known as the opening to the mountain range. The town sits along an expansive lake half the size of Sydney Harbour, which makes for a spectacular sight.
Vacation Blues?  6 Tips to Ease the Before, During, and After When you consider the Herculean effort to get away, the unpredictable stresses of travel, and the post-vacation blues, you have to wonder if it's even worth the trouble! But before you stress your next vacation, try these six tips.
Anthony Weiner Might Need This Woman's Number No American airline thinks of its customers in quite the same way Spirit Airlines does. And the feeling is mutual, as far as many of its passengers are concerned. If you have any doubts about this, look no further than this week's tasteless Anthony Weiner promotion. You can't make this stuff up.
Delta Passenger Baraka Kanaan Forced To Crawl Down Aisle, Across Tarmac To Wheelchair Caring for and accommodating the needs of customers with disabilities to ensure accessibility is a top priority for Delta
10 Signs You've Been At The Beach For Too Long 8) You'd live here all year if you could. Who needs a roof? 1) You can't remember the last time you put on a pair of shoes
14 Tips to Make the Most of Your Trip to Paris As Audrey Hepburn famously said in the film Sabrina, \Paris is always a good idea.\ We couldn't agree more.
Tourists Take GoCars On San Francisco Bay Bridge, Get Stranded During Worst Vacation Ever (VIDEO) Miraculously, no one was injured, and the group was rescued by the California Highway Patrol. \I don't know how that would
6 Best Beach Workouts in Cabo San Lucas Head to Cabo San Lucas, Mexico, for a fitness heaven plus the ultimate in beauty and pure relaxation. On a recent trip I was amazed at the abundant beachside options where I could work out along one of the most beautiful and pristine bodies of water in the world -- the Sea of Cortez.
Patmos, Greece Travel We've long been a fan of photographer Robert McCabe here at HuffPost Travel. He's beautifully photographed Cuba (he published
Love Letters Oh Dear D.C., you may not be a state...But I love you for being the capital of the country, the birthplace of my children, and the city I proudly call home.
Under the Tuscan Sun Why Tuscany? Well, first, there's the stunning countryside characterized by vineyards, groves of olive trees, and hillsides punctuated by tall, narrow cypress trees. Then there's the art. And of course there's the food and wine.
Understanding Maryland's Ocean City I have yet to find a reason to keep coming back to this beach, which is frustrating since it is the closest one in terms of driving distance. The novelty of this vacation destination wears off after one or two visits.
Zhangjiajie, China, More Than Astounding Those of us who love traditional Chinese scroll paintings have an emotional relationship to \mystical mountains,\ and there are several places in China to experience these dramatic landscapes.
Week 1 of the Mongol Diaries - UK to Poland Memory is a demonstration of human fallibility, but we won't forget the following lessons that we have been humbled by in our first week in Mongolia.
Let's Get Lost From the soles of my feet, it begins. A pulse beneath the floorboards; a telltale heart beats to my pace. At first, the quake's movement is subtle, as though someone's tiptoeing the ceiling beneath.
Can You Recognize Your City From Above? Some of the best city views happen above the city. Click through for your own sky-high tour of the world...
What Could Get You Kicked Off A Plane? Last month, a group of high school students and their chaperons were ordered off a flight to Atlanta for refusing to sit
Former Ritz-Carlton Double Bay In Sydney Changes Hands For $60 Million Following Celebrity Death After a 16-year fall from grace, the former Ritz-Carlton Double Bay in Sydney, Australia, is set to receive a much-needed
Spirit Airlines Anthony Weiner Sale Never one to miss out on the opportunity to make a buck on a bad joke, Spirit Airlines has taken advantage of two recent
It's a Bug's Life Would you bug out if a tarantula crawled up your arm? Could you eat a fried dragonfly or a cicada kabob? Step inside five of the nation's top insectariums, where spiders, roaches and beetles take center stage.
See how the magic is made backstage at Disney (PHOTOS) Want to find out how you can set up your own Backstage Magic Tour? Visit https://disneyworld.disney.go.com/events-tours/backstage
The First-Timer's Guide to Cruising in Alaska Alaska is sometimes thought of as America's last frontier, with the state's rugged mountains covering huge amounts of land, much of it largely untouched by humans. An Alaskin cruise brings passengers alongside wildlife and glaciers with panoramic views from the ship's deck.
The Beauty That Is Banff National Park On This Travel Tuesday (PHOTOS) Banff, Canada's oldest national park (and the world's third), is a stunning place to visit in both summer (for hikers, canoers
Chefs' & Bartenders' Vancouver Guide Find. Eat. Drink. takes a trip down the recommendation path to find out where to eat and drink in Vancouver. Follow from chef to chef to bartender to see which restaurants the insiders pick.
Exploring Tbilisi's Endangered Art Nouveau Tbilisi may be one of the great art nouveau cities of Europe, but it's one that hasn't received the recognition it deserves - and perhaps by the time it does, it'll be too late.
Complicated Cuba My college-aged son is standing on the balcony of our room at the Habana Libre, made famous as the hotel where a young Fidel Castro set up camp for a few months after the 1959 Revoluci\u00f3n. Havana stretches out before him, luminous in her dilapidated splendor.
Best Vacations for Health Nuts Even a short break from the stress of everyday life is enough to trigger a renewed sense of health and well-being. But choose to spend your reprieve at a wellness retreat, and your mental and physical fitness will reach new heights.
Marriage Proposal Photobombed At Disney World Capturing that magical moment of a marriage proposal can't be an easy task for any nervous dude, but getting the perfect
How the Super-Rich Travel True tales from travel agents to the ultra-wealthy.
Spanish Concerts Click here to get the inside scoop on the best concerts, festivals, parties, and more in your city every weekend! Barcelona
Ireland's 10 Best Attractions Whether you're headed to the Emerald Isle any time soon or simply window-shopping, we've rounded up 10 of the best attractions Ireland has to offer, from natural wonders on the Atlantic coast to Dublin's literary highlights.
Best Travel Apps And Sites To Help You Plan Your Trip, Handle A Layover And Find Out Where To Go Next AroundMe
Bizarre Amusement Parks Around the World Most theme parks are bizarre. You've got your talking mice, your hallucinogenic landscapes, your rollercoasters based off stories of mutating humans and castles... But we're so accustomed to the strangeness of these everyday theme parks that their novelty has worn off a bit.
Disney's D23 Expo When D23 launched, Disney announced plans for special events planned throughout the year including the D23 Expo
Memphis Pride Reaches Beyond Beale Street Despite Grizzlies Losing Season The night of May 27, 2013 , Memphis, TN saw a fantastic night of activities come together for one night of united camaraderie around the NBA semifinals and a minor league baseball game.
Family Travel Upon arriving in Los Angeles, I told a friend that I was staying in Palm Springs for five days.
Let's Get Lost We drink wine because it's cheap. We drink wine because it's expensive. We drink wine because it inspires, because it gives us that ruby tinge of confidence. We drink wine to reminisce lovers lost, and to reign the new.
Things to Do in the Land of the Royal Family With all the royal baby excitement, we're just about ready to book a trip to the visit the royal family in person. In preparation, we've highlighted fun things to do in Reading, where the duchess was born, Bucklebury, where she grew up, and Anglesley, where the royal couple has been living.
Elephant-Back Safaris Elephants always seem to be at the top of peoples' lists. Here are a few of my favorite opportunities for elephant interactions in East and Southern Africa.
How to Survive a Red-Eye Flight For most of us, the red-eye is synonymous with misery. Trading a bed for an airline seat is a serious comfort downgrade, but these tips can help you get through your next red-eye experience and arrive more well-rested and functional.
10 Awesome Beach Bars Around the World What's better than the beach? Lounging on that beach with a frosty beverage in hand. Raise your glass and check out 10 beautiful beach bars worth the trip!
Your Weekly Travel Zen This week's Moment of Travel Zen comes to us from Tanya Woodward on the beach at the Fairmont Southhampton in Bermuda. And
Paris Metro, London Tube And Other Mass Transit Signs Around The World Some are easy to identify and others\u2026 not so much. Most of us can find the sign pointing us in the direction of mass transit
3 Must-Have Gadgets to Give Your Vacation a Boost The Phoenix (photo
Happy 3rd Birthday HuffPost Travel! (Attractive travel mates included!) Today HuffPost Travel is three whole years old! It\u2019s been three lovely years of breathtaking
July's #1 Reason to Whoop It up in Wyoming You don't have to know the difference between a hooey and a honda (rope knotting/looping terms) to appreciate cowboys' and cowgirls' athletic prowess. The  Cheyenne Frontier Days -- the world's largest outdoor rodeo competition -- runs July 19th to 28th.
An Unexpected Act of Kindness From an Industry That Doesn't Care I listen to passenger complaints every day, so when I hear something like this, it moves me to tears. Stories like this make me believe that airlines might still understand they're in the customer service business.
Ski Resorts Offer Snow-free Summer Fun Want a guaranteed way to beat the heat? Pack up the kids and hit the slopes. More than half of U.S. ski resorts now offer summer pursuits, from zip lines, alpine slides and summer tubing hills to mountain biking, bungee trampolines and disc golf.
Tourist FAILS Of The Day We've already brought you tourist clich\u00e9s you best not say when traveling and our personal favorite, tourists looking absolutely
Cuba Si, Google No \The International Telecommunications Union, a United Nations agency for information and communications technology, puts
Jiashao Cross-Sea Bridge In Hangzhou Bay Is World's Longest Cable-Stayed Bridge Shanghai, located to the northeast of Jiaxing, would normally be a three hour trip for drivers coming from Shaoxing. The
Nicaragua's New Adventure Tourism Destination With so much to offer the adventurous tourist, it won't be long before Somoto Canyon becomes a mandatory stop on every Nicaragua itinerary.
Finally! Summer Weather in Chicago... and That Means It's Festival Time! My favorite activities in Chicago are the free and abundant art and music events held all over the city. The creative buzz of these festivals enhance Grant and Millennium Parks all summer long.
Top 10 Extreme Sports in India You Missed Last Time I was the smallest scuba-geared mermaid in the boundless aquarium of vast eternity. A random thought came to my mind
5 Tips on How to Improve Your Mountain Biking Here are the best 5 tips I took away from my weekend in the dirt trenches.
5 Ways to Avoid Airline Fees Here five areas where it pays (or saves, rather) to be in the know.
10 Delicious Kid-Friendly Foods of the World Whether your family is traveling the world, or just looking for a little variety in your home kitchen, international cuisine can be a source of inspiration and nutrition. Here are 10 foods from around the world that are sure to delight even the pickiest of eaters.
Which Travel Rewards Program Is Right for You? To help you figure out which programs are right for you, we've evaluated frequent flyer and hotel loyalty programs based on how great the perks are -- and how easy it is use them.
A Pilot's Views On Flight Safety As details emerge from the investigation into what went wrong aboard Asiana Flight 214, which crashed at San Francisco International
Want To Quit Your Job And Travel The World? How 2 Professionals Did It (VIDEO) The desire to leave it all behind and voyage into the unknown is a common one -- and many have found, to their surprise, that
Exploring King's Landing on a Game of Thrones Tour of Dubrovnik \This is the spot where Joffrey was hit in the face with excrement,\ Ivana tells us, relishing reliving the moment when Game of Thrones' bad boy king received his just desserts.
The Spiritual Traveler (Or How to Make It Through Your Trip Without Going Nuts) Have you ever noticed that despite being a spiritual person -- or a good person -- it all goes out the window when you hit that airport security line? Perhaps that's what airports were designed for
TSA Shows Off Crazy High Heel Guns It Confiscated From LaGuardia Checkpoint Just a friendly reminder from your local TSA agent that you can't bring these on a plane. The TSA, which is wont to highlight
The Local's Lowdown on Detroit Meghan McEwen of Designtripper lives the dream in Detroit, where she runs the impossibly cool and special hotel Honor & Folly. She took us on a tour of her favorite hometown spots.
Vintage Travel Posters Show Tourism's Hayday Once upon a time, before the Internet and cruise-ship debacles, travel was an elegant, exotic event. Luckily, we can look
Scotland Tour Actually signing up for and taking one of my own tours gives me a very important insight into the day-to-day lives of our
Cruise Weight Loss Cruise ships are notorious for being all-you-can-eat binges that leave passengers feeling ship-like themselves. 5) Build
Five Things Most Chicago Visitors Never Do Sure, the guidebooks can point out some of the best things to do in Chicago, but there's a whole hidden side to the city beyond the touristy lure of Millennium Park and Navy Pier. So here you have it
More Americans Working Through Their Vacation Time (INFOGRAPHIC) Check out the infographic below, created by TeamViewer, for some surprising statistics on how Americans will be spending
Stay Connected and Save Some Bucks While Cruising With proper planning, you can make a big difference at reducing your international communications bill, so plan wisely.
Celebrating All Saints Day in the Philippines Both Halloween and its temporal neighbor, All Saints Day, have their roots in age old Christian mythology, but they're celebrated in different countries with very different traditions.
A bath fit for Marilyn and a bar fit for the Rat Pack? There's only one place to go in Beverly Hills for that, says Louise Roe There's something unbelievably decadent about staying the night at a hotel in your own hometown. So when I was taken, for
In Darwin The Lions Club Beer Can Regatta is an annual boat race organized by a local division of Australian community service organization the Lions Club to raise funds for local aid ventures SIDS for Kids, Life Education, and Victims of Crime.
Happiness Living in Yellow School Bus They aren't homeless, their home is the road, the outdoors, wherever they drive next.
Untamed in Ucluelet At first glance, Ucluelet looks like any other end-of-the-road fishing village. But a closer look reveals homes, the lighthouse, the Aquarium, and some of the Pacific coast's most spectacular scenery, laid out beside the Wild Pacific Trail.
How to Cut Lines When You Travel Live life in the fast lane. Here are 10 smart tricks for skipping lines at airports, attractions, cruise terminals, car-rental counters and hotels.
Beach Etiquette We don't mean to be the fun police, but there are certain rules (some official, some unspoken) that should be observed at the beach. To ensure maximum enjoyment for you and your fellow beach bums, be a good citizen with these 10 things you should and shouldn't do.
Air Canada Flight 854 Diverted After Man Allegedly Throws Water At Crew, Makes Threats A FlightAware.com map shows the Boeing 777 had just passed the coast of Newfoundland on its regularly scheduled flightpath
Tasty Cooking Vacations Want to learn how to craft fresh pasta in Rome or dig for oysters in South Carolina?
Airfares Higher, But New Planes Take Out Some Sting Airfares are higher than they've been in years, but there's some good news
Where To Go If You're A Cougar, According To Survey By CougarLife.com No surprise here
Are You a Traveler or a Tourist? Take the Quiz to Find Out! What makes a tourist different from a traveler? Is it true that, \The traveler sees what he sees, the tourist sees what he has come to see\? Answer these five questions to find out whether you're a confirmed, unapologetic tourist or a true traveler.
In Cyprus Merging Sea and Sky It is said that when Aphrodite stepped from the sea foam onto the shore at Pafos, the locals welcomed her with open arms. When you visit Cyprus and are greeted with kopiste! (come join us), I think you'll feel just as the goddess did....most welcome.
Balkans Road Trip (Part 1) Next, we went to mysterious Albania. This country was not part of the former Yugoslavia, but, was aligned with Red China
High-Design Golf Clubhouses Around the World Time to tee off! We've rounded up the most significant structures around the world -- from the United Kingdom's stately stone piles to cutting-edge designs in Sweden, New Zealand, and beyond.
6 Tips That Will Get You the Best Food in Greece It is officially summer in Greece and that means tourist season. Athens, the islands and Greece in general are filled with visitors,  and if you are one of them, here are six tips to help you get the best food experience.
How to Travel the World for Free Our list of temporary \homes\ have included a brownstone in Manhattan, a villa in southern Spain, a 10th century manor in rural Ireland, and more. And for all of these exciting living arrangements, we haven't paid a cent.
Europe's Hottest Summer Destinations for 2013 Featuring everything from idyllic Mediterranean getaways to the breathtaking landscapes of Scandinavia, here's the list of Europe Hottest Summer Destinations for 2013, straight from thousands of real travelers.
Tender2 Pop-Up Hotel In Knokke-Heist, Belgium, Is Kinda Awesome (PHOTOS) Photos courtesy of Tender2. Another year, another cool design idea in hotels. Tender2 is, perhaps, a more high-class version
Scotland Tour One day a year, the Scottish village of Kenmore hosts its Highland Games festival -- and our tour group was lucky enough
Does Your Airline Allow Frequent Flyer Miles to Be Inherited? Can frequent flyer miles be inherited or figure in a divorce settlement, and are there any costs involved in transferring them? It depends on the airline.
Heartfelt Thanks From the Marriott Family Thank you for lightening our burden with your caring and concern.  It has meant a great deal to both me and Donna.
The Best Places To Watch The Sunset (PHOTOS) Despite their frequency, sunsets always manage to take our breath away. Watching a sunset is a vacation ritual, it seems
The Truth About Unplugging And 'Vacation' The latest issue of Fast Company is about the #unplug movement -- taking time to disconnect and reconnect on a more personal
Summer Weekend Getaway Packing Guide (VIDEO) This is a step-by-step packing guide for summer weekend trips, for women. Follow the steps and you'll take out all the emotion behind packing. And you'll get it all done quickly.
America's Coolest Bowling Alleys (PHOTOS) Bowling has become trendy, thanks in part to pioneering chains like Bowlmor Lanes, Lucky Strike, and Splitsville that have kept the nostalgia alive by combining retro-chic details with hip music, flashy lights and gourmet food and cocktails.
Abandoned Olympic Venues What happens to Olympic facilities after the games are over? Well, some are turned into tourist-attracting parks, training
Unwind at These 5 Vacation Destinations I am always looking for vacation destinations that emphasize wellness, healthy living and serenity. If you are in need of a late-summer or fall getaway idea, check out my top five favorite places to unwind and renew.
What's America's Best Waterfront Restaurant? Fabulous American seafood joints by the sea.
How to Save Money on Phone Data Abroad You probably know someone who has returned from overseas with a horror story about a crazy-big -- and utterly unexpected -- mobile phone or tablet bill. Well, here are some easy, affordable ways to be super-smart about using that smartphone.
5 Awesomely Geeky Comic-Con Panels to Check Out Here are five intriguing programs on the schedule at Comic Con that you should seriously consider checking out, whether you're into anime, Star Trek, Thor, or something else equally geeky.
Foodie Confession know about pink slime and I eat at farm-to-table restaurants and I stop at the farmer's market on my walk home to fetch fresh eggs and asparagus for dinner. But I'm not going to tell you a Chicken McNugget doesn't taste good. It does. It tastes really, really good.
6 Weeks in the English Lakes #5 Wordsworth and his brother were walking in the English Lakes in late 1799 with fellow poet Samuel Taylor Coleridge when they came upon the Dove Cottage in Grasmere. Although he lived there for less than a decade, many of the poems he is remembered for were written during those years.
Tax Payers Subsidize First Class Express Airport Security We all accept the fact that money can buy extra privileges. But what the hell is a government subsidized two class system which favors rich folks at the expense of not just less wealthy air travelers, but all taxpayers, doing at public airports?
Ask Airfarewatchdog Wondering what to do if you've been reassigned to an economy seat? Or if you miss your plane because of a ridiculously long security line? What are the different rules for going through security between connecting flights?
HotTug Jacuzzi Boat Launches At The Runnymede-on-Thames Hotel (PHOTOS) Created by a company in the Netherlands, the HotTug claims to be the first wood-fired hot tub in the world. After letting
Hitching the Patch Hitchhiking the Northern Rockies \Oil Patch\ region yesterday, I was picked up by an old Cree Indian with carny stories of the bygone era of his youth.
Gabriele Galimberti, a Travel Photographer Profile The first love story put Gabriele on a plane from Italy to Texas. He had shuttered his photography studio to start a new chapter with his then-girlfriend in Houston. When the love story ended, Gabriele started traveling, photographing interesting subjects.
Jammin' the Wind in the Grenadine Islands The deck surged beneath my bare feet as the boat powered through the swells, and the music of the lines vibrating in the wind filled my ears.  As the days unfolded, I melted. Everything felt looser -- my clothes, my limbs, my mind.
Riding the Rails with Kids To see if train travel is right for your family, try one of these one or two day excursions I have found up and down Continents of America.
Your Weekly Travel Zen And to see our past featured Moments of Travel Zen... Where have you traveled for a moment of zen? Email travel@huffingtonpost.com
From Strangers to Friends Cuba was thought-provoking and fascinating
Plovdiv, Bulgaria As the bus drove through Plovdiv's suburbs, after a two-hour journey from the capital Sofia, I felt like I was visiting an old friend. Plovdiv is one of the World's most ancient cities and Europe's oldest inhabited city -- even beating Athens.
Being Open to the Unexpected Being open to the unexpected, whether far away or at home, can catapult you into the present moment so you can snatch these opportunities for expansion, bringing you closer to who you are meant to be in this world.
Nasty in Nantucket Courteous behavior has fallen by the wayside, and a whole new crop of entitled princes and princesses think that by snarling and making a fuss they will get their way. How can they be so stupid?
Where Brussels Locals Hang Out! You've arrived in Brussels. You've checked off the highlights recommended by guide books. Or maybe you've been before and you'd like to see a different side to Brussels. How about checking out the local side to Brussels?
Volcanic Ash Shuts Down Mexican Airport After Popocatepetl Volcano Erupts The temporary closure affected six domestic and international flights to Houston and Dallas, Texas. At the Mexico City airport
American Scenes Downtown St. Petersburg, Florida is breathtakingly beautiful. The sweep of earth-toned buildings many of which are inspired by the domes and arches of classic Spanish architecture, contrasts stunningly with the curve of the Tampa Bay waterfront.
Great American Day Hikes At its best, a day hike gets straight to the essence of the place. t takes you inside the canyon, beneath the waterfall and delivers you straight to the wildflower-strewn clearing at the mountain's peak.
Walking Onto and Into an Advancing Glacier For reasons scientists are still trying to explain there are two large glaciers in the Southern Patagonia Ice Field (straddling the border between Chile and Argentina) which are advancing.
Former Olympic Parks Revamp, Draw Tourists And Locals (PHOTOS) 2) Utah Olympic Park The host of the 1996 Summer Olympics, Centennial Olympic Park in Atlanta is now one of Georgia's most
12 Phrases That Mean Big Travel Savings Have you ever had a conversation where moments -- or even days -- later you realize, \I wish I'd said that\? Travel booking and airline and hotel check-ins can often feel like that, with so many questions, options, and price points to juggle.
TSA To Use Electronic 'Randomizers' To Create Security Lines TSA has issued a Request for Information (RFI) to prospective vendors who could procure such devices. In a statement to Today
Underwater Music Festival Held In The Florida Keys Feels Like Something Out Of 'The Little Mermaid' With the help of some snorkels and scuba gear, hundreds will gather to enjoy the sights and sounds for an underwater concert
Virgin Atlantic's New Uniforms Designed By Vivienne Westwood (PHOTOS) Luke Miles, Head of Design for Virgin Atlantic, said in a release
Best Disney Restaurants (PHOTOS) More than 17 million people vacation at Disney World's Magic Kingdom each year, and that magic -- and those long lines -- can work up an appetite. When hunger strikes on your next visit, don't turn to the nearest food cart or restaurant.
Why Is Airplane Food So Bad? Plane food is, on the whole, pretty unappetising. When ordering their last meal, the condemned prisoner seldom requests the
5 Love Story Locations Brought to Life Our favorite romantic movies and novels have the ability to whisk us away to these magical lands where two people just can't bear to be without one another. You ask yourself \where in the world are these love-provoking locations and how do I get there?\
Have $275,000 To Spare? Go To Every Three-Star Michelin Restaurant In The World FOOD
How 'Bout a Refund For That Airline Fee? Airlines don't like to return your money, even when they're required to by law. The fix? We need to incentivize airlines to repay us quickly by tightening refund rules and adding harsh penalties for pocketing our money.
Airplane Food Who actually likes airplane food? Whatever they're eating looks real crummy, but hey, at least these folks are happy. Unless
Location Independence It's 8:30 in the morning and I'm relaxed and feeling refreshed. Then again, who wouldn't be if they were in my shoes?
Being an Expat in London (VIDEO) Maybe its those adorable accents, the vibrant multicultural and metropolitan feel of the city or the lush greenery. Whatever it is, I have fallen in love with London.
The Met Museum Isn't the Only One With Cool Admission Tags Inspired by the Metropolitan Museum of Art's iconic museum admission button -- and its retirement from service last week -- we're celebrating the creativity of admission tags, stickers, and tickets at other museums around the world. Did we miss your favorite?
My Summer Vacation Don't know much about geometry. But I do know this
Branding Lessons from Asiana Airlines I think the little-known Asiana Airlines has behaved like a pro amidst what we all know to be a devastating crisis. The company is following the golden rule of both branding and crisis management
A quick tour of tiny Kenmore The tiny village of Kenmore--little more than the fancy domain of its castle, a church set in a bouquet of tombstones, and
Sun Cruise Resort, South Korea's Wacky Cruise Ship Attraction (PHOTOS) The Sun Cruise Resort & Yacht sits perched high above the shores of Jeongdongjin, a South Korean tourist town which, according
Royal Baby Heathrow Gift On the day that the new Prince or Princess of Cambridge is born, the first 1,000 arriving and departing passengers at all
This Is Your Brain on Adventure This is your brain when you're lost in the world.
Our Bear Humanity Even our smallest actions can have profound reverberations.
What you should know before a Sailing Trip in the Caribbean Armed with my notebook, a word file and vivid memories from my first sailing trip in the Caribbean on Star Clipper,  I decided to mark down my recommendations for a pleasant and memorable sailing trip.
America's Flight Attendants Celebrate the Crew of Asiana 214 If one thing can be said for the flight attendant community, we always stand together. No matter the airline we work for, or the country we live in, we all realize that we do the same job, with the same ups and downs. When tragedy strikes, we're all there to support each other.
12 Not Terrible Places to Eat Near the Eiffel Tower We don't recommend visiting the Eiffel tower without a solid plan for eating, whether to fortify yourself for the wait or to restore your sanity after the harrowing elevator ride. Here are some tables to consider that don't require a crosstown trip.
Everything You Need To Know About Rental Car Insurance Say you go over both your auto insurance policy and your credit card documents, hundreds of time. Say you now fully accept
Surf's up for Shoppers in Florida (PHOTOS) Fort Myers Ron Jon Surf Shop 10045 Gulf Center Drive 239-482-8888 Sarasota The Compound 4063 Clark Road 941-923-0430 South
Tips for Travel & Life Take this invitation into my world as inspiration to find your own. Make the world on your own dime, with your own time. Meet the person of your dreams in a glance. Make money to burn. Get high to feel the lows. Push limits until they no longer limit.
Off-Broadway Shows 101 Off-Broadway shows provide a more intimate theater experience, which is of great benefit to some productions. Here are some other things you might not know about seeing a show Off-Broadway
John St-Onge Barred From Legoland Discovery Center Because He Was Unaccompanied By A Child He's long wanted to visit the Legoland store in Denmark -- the location of the company's headquarters -- but the same health
Pig Beach, Bahamas On the Bahamian archipelago of Exuma sits Big Major Cay (also known as Pig Island and Major Cay). Legend has it that sailors
World's Largest Building, New Century Global Center, Opens In China (PHOTOS) The recently opened city-sized structure is being called the \world's largest standalone structure\ by Chinese officials
Scotland Tour, Day 1 Each year we organize and lead about 500 bus tours, and each year I take one of them. This year, Scotland's up. Taking one
Edinburgh -- Half of Scotland's Wonder in One Urban Bundle Whisky is high on the experience list of most visitors to Scotland. While there are plenty of distillery tours, a visit to
3 Romantic Getaways Need some downtime with your honey? Whether it's an anniversary celebration or one of your birthdays, or maybe you just need some R&R, these blissful vacations will make reconnecting and getting those home fires burning a breeze.
10 Great American Golf Escapes With the summer golf season in full swing, here are 10 great American golf escape.
Actor Gilles Marini on Swimming With Sharks, Frostbite and Opening a Dive Bar Actor Gilles Marini is one of the rare people in the industry who is a humble, kind and a devoted family man; and also a hard working, talented actor, who oozes passion in absolutely everything he does. He shared some of his favorite travel hits and misses with me.
Newest Wonders of the World Each summer, UNESCO convenes to announce new picks for the World Heritage List, chosen for their cultural, historical, and environmental importance. Check out this year's new crop of wonders and see which ones speak to you. Tajikistan, anyone?
Best Road Trips With the price of gas trending downward, there's no better time to jump in the car, put the top down, and head out for a drive. Here, we have 10 itineraries for some of the country's most classic road trips.
5 of the Most Uber-Luxurious Suites in Las Vegas Vegas is a city that is decidedly over-the-top, so it's no wonder that it's host to some of the most luxurious hotel accommodations in the world. We've selected five of the city's most jaw-dropping, high-roller-worthy suites that we think embody modern Las Vegas decadence.
5 Summer Travel Destinations with Kids When I plan travel with my three children, I look for destinations that will keep them active and satisfied. Here, I've gathered five of my favorite summer getaways that offer the best in healthy traveling. My kids and I absolutely love them!
York York is arguably the best sightseeing town in England outside of London. I landed at noon at Heathrow, took the express train into London's Paddington Station, caught the tube to King's Cross, and hopped onto an express train.
Close-up Look at York Minster's Stained-Glass Revelations The York Minster is famous for its medieval stained glass. The best window, which fills the east end of the magnificent cathedral
On the Trail of Annie Oakley in Greenville & Darke County, Ohio Want to meet the flesh-and-blood Annie Oakley? Summer is the ideal time to visit her hometown of Greenville, Ohio, and her many rural haunts in Darke County. You'll catch a glimpse of who she was and see the verdant farmland and forests that nourished her spirit.
The Coolest Way to Beat the Heat Take off your clothes and enjoy life naked! Here are the top 10 fun reasons why you should take a nakation this year.
6 Weeks in the English Lakes #4 One of the loveliest ways to spend a day -- or many days -- in the English Lakes is to hike, and the beautiful places to hike are nearly endless.
10 Foreign Destinations Where You Can Pay with U.S. Dollars There are many great pleasures of the globe-trotting life, but dealing with pesky Travelex lines is not one of them. Sick of exchange rates, transaction fees, and coming home with pockets filled with useless coins? Here are 10 foreign destinations where you can pay with U.S. dollars.
10 Urban Legends About Flying That Aren't True From terrifying tales about airplane bathrooms to mid-flight door-opening fears, there are a lot of myths about air travel flying around out there. Here are 10 urban legends that just aren't true.
Kennebunkport Festival Highlights Coastal Maine at Its Best Kennebunkport, Maine belongs to an elite circle of New England havens that require no introduction among seasoned travelers. Still, there's one week when the seaside hamlet's treasures get a chance to shine even brighter than normal.
TSA PreCheck Expanding, Breezes You Through Airport Security More tips on skipping airport lines
Happy Monday! People Whose Summer Day Was Better Than Yours (PHOTOS) The Kids The Surfers Who NEED To Catch Those Sick Waves The Beach Bums The Party Animals (Beware
Map Shows History Of Deadly Airplane Crashes In The United States \Crashes are definitely more survivable today than they were a few decades ago,\ said Kevin Hiatt, president and CEO of the
Escape Route If you've got the means and the desire, you can find several hotels around the country that offer stealth access for VIPs. Here are five of the coolest.
The Safest Seats on the Plane Surviving a plane crash comes down to surviving the initial impact and getting out fast. With this in mind, what can you do to up the odds of survival and is there a \safer\ place to sit on a flight?
Louann Giambattista, Flight Attendant Accused Of Hiding Rats In Underwear, Sues American Airlines Giambattista seeks at least $150,000 for discrimination and for wages lost when her international flying schedule had to
Latin America's Top Adventure Destinations For more than a century, Latin America has lured travelers in search of real adventure
Your Weekly Travel Zen This week's Moment of Travel Zen comes to us from Emily Wilson of the view from Buck Ridge Lookout on top of West Kill mountain
Tanzania's Ngorongoro Crater With the opportunity to see some incredible wildlife and the utter beauty the landscape has to offer, this very well may
SFO Landing System, Glide Path, Off On Runway At Time Of Asiana Airlines Crash San Francisco International has turned off the system for nearly the entire summer on the runway where the Asiana flight
Mount Fuji Climbing Season Officially Begins (PHOTOS) Mount Fuji officially opened for its two-month-long climbing season Monday, with hiking enthusiasts flocking to the mountain
Is it Time for Airlines to Draw the Line on Fees? (POLL) I think there is a line when it comes to airline fees. I think everyone knows it, even a discount airline like Spirit. We may disagree about where the line is, but we all know it exists. Personally, I think we've crossed it, but my opinion doesn't matter.
UPDATE FlightAware.com reports more than 358 flights have been canceled coming into and out of San Francisco. Flight Aware's CEO
Sardinia Beaches Well doesn't this look like a little slice of heaven? Sardinia, the tiny island off the coast of Italy just south of Corsica
The York Minster Sits on Roman History On the first day of my summer trip, with the help of local guide Tom Wright, I am getting right up-to-date on the latest
The York Minster Chapter House's Parade of Faces While the artisans of the 13th century were anonymous, they had personality and were personalities. Here, under the breathtaking
Sports Fans Game On! By Mariah Morton, Party Earth writer. The Fours proximity to TD Garden - a venue home to the Bruins and Celtics
Milan, Italy Photos From the more under-the-radar beach spots to the mainstays of Rome and Venice, Italy has long been a draw for American visitors
Scouting out the Top Ten Experiences of Southern Peru As one of the most diverse and culturally wealthy countries in the whole of South America, Peru is one of those destinations that offers so much to visitors. But where, what and how do you get the very best of it?
5 Reasons Why Peru Is a Country With Much to Envy Peru is one of those places that make iconically beautiful countries like South Africa and Thailand feel a hint of jealousy. The country is riddled with archaeological sites that tell the story of ancient civilizations.
Where to Taste the Future of American Ice Cream Right Now To see and understand ice cream's present and future, it's essential that you pop into one -- or all -- of these nine tasty shops at some point, preferably soon.
Staycation Planning Guide (INFOGRAPHIC) For last-minute or budget-conscious travelers who want a vacation-like experience without the associated stress or travel costs, staycations are an ideal alternative.
Awesome America With 50 states, 59 national parks, countless museums, monuments and attractions, there is a never-ending list of things to
The Best U.S. Beaches for the July 4 Weekend Independence Day weekend means fireworks, barbecues and beaches. It's not just about travel deals for the holiday or even at the beach. Instead, it's about the experience. Here are my picks for the eight of the best beaches across the U.S.
Gary Hunt Cliff Diver \It's a great sense of relief and a great achievement. It's been tough this year and to get on top of that podium was, I
High Living Did you spend all your time in your tree house as a kid? Or were you brokenhearted because you never had one? Well, these nine gorgeous hotels can turn your childish tree house fantasies into grown-up realities.
How Someone Who's Always Traveling Runs a Travel Business The ETBD Business Team
Where to Scream for Ice Cream Festivals This Summer Everyone deserves a cold, creamy, sweet treat this summer. No other food quite delivers the pure, unadulterated innocence and joie de vivre than this heavenly frozen dessert. Craving a brain freeze now? Visit these upcoming decadent festivals.
A Love Letter To Detroit The city has taken a beating in the press with the hard times that have befallen the auto industry and with emergency management, but it still has a vibrant culture
Patriotic Places to Celebrate Independence Day 2013 Another backyard barbeque? You can do that any old weekend. Give this Fourth of July the glitzy fireworks and epic events it deserves. From D.C. to the American Frontier, here are seven patriotic places to celebrate.
Fourth of July! Who Celebrates It Best? East vs. West It seems as though the East would have a leg up on celebrating our Independence, if not entirely due to its historical tours, but we have yet to be convinced. We found activities in the West that rival all of the best activities on the East.
Sri Lanka's Delightfully Disorganized Ancient Capital The Sri Lankan city of Anuradhapura
Top 10 Hotels With the Best Views of July 4th Fireworks Independence Day fireworks are a great American tradition -- so why stay home to watch the festivities? Here's a list of the best hotels with the highest \Boom Factor,\ offering the best vantage points to watch the sky sparkle this 4th of July.
Places You Never Thought to Take Your Kids Sure, Disneyworld, Yellowstone and the Grand Canyon certainly come to mind as essential family trips, but have you ever considered taking your youngsters somewhere that doesn't hold the same kid-friendly reputation?
Boardwalk Attractions that Make Us Love Summer Water park rides, roller coasters, and lighthouses
JetBlue To Serve Sam Adams Beer On Flights Nationwide Currently, Samuel Adams Boston Lager and Summer Ale are the only Boston Beer Company beers packaged in Sam Cans, without
The Perfect Bar for Any Holiday Most people don't need a reason to drop by their neighborhood watering hole, but if you're someone who has to have an occasion to belly up to the bar, then you're in luck. Here are the best bars in which to celebrate some of our major holidays, starting with Independence Day.
How to Spend a Week in Arizona, Part II Scottsdale has a distinct character all its own.
One Tiny Island, a World Record Human Pyramid The Human Pyramid Challenge with Underwater Vision was a popular sign-up when the festival opened Saturday; more than 200 Dive Week passport holders jockeyed for coveted spots.
Help for Japan Travelers WiFi Woes Despite Japan's high-tech reputation, there is very little free wifi in this country. People here are obsessed with their cell phones, not computers, and access the internet accordingly.
Customer Service Part 2 When we travel, we become reliant upon others and interact most with people who are helping us along our journey.
The Keys to the Family Castle It was a privilege to speak to the head of the world's second-largest such extended family
Dark Carnival The carnies were fixing the Ferris Wheel and passing the time talking about bar fights when one started talking about \Ghost.\
The Best Places to Celebrate the 4th of July For many Americans, July 4th is a family holiday -- it involves backyard barbecues, maybe a parade through town, and a local fireworks show.  Some people, however, have dreams of celebrating the nation's birthday with more pizzazz, out of town.
Giving Back and Gaining a New Perspective I have been lucky enough to travel around the world to pursue a passion of mine, giving back to people in need, but my trip to Oklahoma proves that you don't need to go far to make an impact. Do what you can to make a difference -- you don't need to go far to do something that matters.
Australian Near Disaster Deserves Continued Attention The ATSB spent two and a half years examining Qantas Flight 32. But its report is disappointing in that it has not resolved questions about durability of the plane or the ability of a two-person crew to handle all that went wrong.
The Best Travel Memoirs For Food Fans Read the rest of the list at Bookish.com. When Cheryl Lu-Lien Tan was in her 20s and at the start of promising career as
Southwest Airlines DISH Deal Beginning Tuesday, DISH Network is providing free access to live TV on Southwest Airlines on a platform called 'TV Flies
Mid-Century Kitsch to Caveman Chic Summer is way more than just cookouts, beaches and bonfires. It's also that special time of year when millions of travelers hit the road and embark on cross-country adventures. From mid-century kitsch to caveman chic, these offbeat hotels will leave your head spinning and won't kill your wallet.
'Some Vernacular Railroad Photographs' Chronicles Train Travel Of Days Gone By (PHOTOS) This interest in trains led to an interest in photography, which prompted me to start taking photographs of all that I was
Avoiding the Jet Lag Drag on Your Next Trip Most of us have experienced jet lag before. It's like a hangover or tired feeling that can last for days.
3 Great Farm Stays for Escaping the City After a long day of commuting, computing and number crunching, wouldn't it be nice to trade it all in for some fresh air and sunshine? Give the rural life a try on a farm stay -- a great way to embrace simple living.
SUMMER MUSIC 
10 Mediterranean Islands to Get Away From it All The Mediterranean's charm is based largely upon its history, cuisine, sun-bleached villages, and relaxed lifestyle, and nowhere are these on better display than its many islands.
Virgin Australia Pets On Monday, Virgin Australia announced that pets would now be included in the airline's Velocity frequent flier program. In
LIAT, Caribbean Airline, Receives Hilarious Complaint Letter From Passenger Arthur Hicks Dear LIAT, May I say how considerate it is of you to enable your passengers such an in-depth and thorough tour of the Caribbean
Croatia's Beauty Is Overwhelming (PHOTOS) Croatia joined the European Union Sunday with the hope of bringing lasting stability to a region which was defined by conflict
The Fess Parker Wine Country Inn and Spa is the most  romantic spot in the world Step into paradise. Once you enter the Fess Parker Inn all of the stress of travel, parenting, business and any other excess baggage disappears.
The Lone Life of a Travel Blogger This wasn't why I was writing. Not for the numbers, not for the SEO links that are not in any of my 800 posts, not to buy friends on social media. When I started blogging in January 2010, my soul purpose was to have a voice.
Resonance Each place we travel to have different levels of resonance -- embraceable at different stages of life, unique to each individual, and in our own turn. What place has resonated with you recently?
Space Shuttle Atlantis attraction lifts off in Florida (PHOTOS) \u2022 On Orbit Gallery - A 24-foot-long interactive timeline brings NASA's 135 space shuttle missions to life with touch screen
Mark Twain's House Takes on Mark Twain's House Whether drawn to Mark Twain by a certain nostalgia that includes fishing and hooky-playing or because of his fiery social criticism, readers can't seem to put Twain's books down.
Fireworks Shows in Cities Across The U.S. Independence Day is around the corner, and with that in mind, here's a handy list of the big fireworks displays on the Fourth in cities across the U.S. this year.
Eleven Ways to Experience the Taos 'Edge' In Austin, TX, you can find bumper stickers that say \Keep Austin Weird.\ In Taos, you'll find one that says, \Keep Taos Edgey.\ Spend 10 minutes there and you'll know exactly why they say that.
TSA Rules and Regulations - Everyone Calm Down... Abide by the laws, however tiresome it may be, and your flight will be over before you know it.
Ten Inspiring Travel Books and What They Taught Me About Adventure Here are my 10 choices for the most inspiring travel tomes I've ever read. Through the years, they've taken me on introspective, imaginative, wild, reflective and humorous journeys and road trips.
5 Ways to Travel More Spontaneously It's not hard to compile a list of must-visit sights and attractions before you travel. But if you only focus on high profile places, you'll miss out. Here are our recommendations for traveling more spontaneously and uncovering the adventure in each place you visit.
Your Weekly Travel Zen Where have you traveled for a moment of zen? Email travel@huffingtonpost.com with your travel zen or submit below. And to
Fourth Of July Events To experience a different kind of Forth of July \first\ head to Gatlinburg, Tenn., for the \First Independence Day Parade
The World's 10 Dreamiest Honeymoon Suites Would you prefer to watch zebras trot past your window, or drink a margarita out of a private infinity-edge pool? Traveling by plane, boat and mule (seriously), we discovered 10 amazing spaces perfect for kicking off your happily ever after.
What a Hit and Run Taught Me About Customer Service Joshi rented a car from Budget in Oahu last summer. While he was driving, a vehicle rear-ended his rental. What does all of this mean to you? Well, if you're ever in an accident with a rental car, here's what you have to do.
We All Want the Same Things From That Family Vacation Sun, sand and happy kids. Just make sure the little ones don't eat the sand. Maybe your family would rather be hiking in a national park or exploring a foreign country. Wherever you go this summer, all of us want the same thing
How To Drink When You're Abroad Europe
America's Snobbiest Cities To determine which city has the biggest nose in the air, we factored in some traditional staples of snobbery
7 Tips for a Galapagos Trip Any traveler with an interest in nature should move the Galapagos Islands to the top of his or her bucket list. From the giant tortoise to the Galapagos penguin, the endemic wildlife is abundant and fascinating.
Fiji Airways The airline is based at Nadi International Airport, and flies to two U.S. locations -- Los Angeles and Honolulu, Hawaii -- with
14 Awesomely Cheesy Tourist Diversions Everyone who travels eventually succumbs to that cheesy tourist moment -- we've certainly had our share. But why should we have all the fun? To share the wealth, we've collected a gold mine of the craziest, funniest and just plain weird travel photos in the world!
Cover Art Sells Tours Each year, my art and marketing team put together a 96-page, full-color booklet that showcases our tour program. We could
A Farewell to Spain To this day I clearly remember landing into Madrid Barajas from LAX on a hazy August morning; the terminal smelled of caf\u00e9s con leche and cleaning products. That said, it's difficult to sum up my last four years within this country.
Shimao Wonderland Intercontinental Construction Is Underway (PHOTOS) According to the Daily Mail, the hotel is set to open in 2015, with rooms starting around $300 a night. Adrenaline junkies
GoAir Flight Attendants Indian airline GoAir is--apparently--doing everything in its power to lighten its aircraft and improve fuel efficiency. The
Brisbane Brings it On Where Brisbane truly lets its hair down is off the eastern coast at Stradbroke Island, or Straddie as locals call it. Australians affectionately refer to many things by their diminutive form. Sunglasses
The World's Best Summertime Destinations Fireworks displays, Slip 'N Slides and soft serve ice cream
McDonalds and the Traveler Eating at McDonald's in a foreign country does not make you a despicable traveler.  There, I said it.  Hate me now.
Abandoned Montana This year, Montana is celebrating the 150th anniversary of gold being struck in Alder Gulch, leading to booms in nearby towns
7 Wildest Summer Parties Around the World Boogie for 3 days at the Ulta Music Festival in Miami One of the USA's most well known party music festivals, this 3 day
Hottest New Beach Hotels (PHOTOS) From Mexico to Waikiki, the lure of beach hotels remains constant in the travel world. And today, the hottest new beach hotels are making waves with new amenities, like better food, personalized touches, family activities and nightlife.
Europe's Most Spectacular National Parks For most people, the word Europe evokes thoughts of world-famous museums, delectable cuisine, and historic cities studded with iconic monuments and vibrant caf\u00e9s. However, Europe is also home to some truly stunning stretches of wilderness
1966 On Sunday, daredevil Nik Wallenda completed a 1,500-foot high-wire walk over the Grand Canyon that had us all holding our
The Best New Bars of 2013 No matter where you're hitting the town -- from New York to Shanghai -- these bars, clubs, and cocktail establishments will have you at the center of the city's nightlife scene.
Where Your Cup of Tea Was Born Sri Lanka's tea-producing region is not only vastly different from anywhere else in the country, but is one of the most mysterious, awe-inspiring landscapes I've ever seen.
Queen of the Silver Screen Shines in Key Largo (PHOTOS) And that's exactly what Lance Holmquist expected. \Oh, my gosh,\ she says. \It was one of my favorite Saturday afternoon
Pok\u00e9mon Travel Posters Will Thrill 90s Kids (PHOTOS) Los Angeles-based Little Pixel Posters will take you on an imaginary journey there. Her Pok\u00e9mon travel posters make it possible
Packing Light I will say there are two kinds of people you meet on the road in Europe
Three of Europe's Most Hedonistic Cities Paris brings us back again and again, season after season.
9 Unique Must-Stay Hotels of the Netherlands In the Netherlands, the idea of \Unique and Boutique\ is alive in every city.  The hotels I discovered each had their own je ne sais quoi, their own special gift to their guests, separating them from their peers and enticing travelers' attention.
Love Letters Walking home, the air grew cooler and softer, sweetened by flower markets on every corner. People greeted me, buena sera
Exploring Oxnard, California My recent adventure to Oxnard further fuels my desire to find hidden gems in and around California.
Healthy Travel Tips for Europe Bound Travelers A piece of cautionary advice for all vacationers exploring Europe this summer
World's Best Parks, According To TripAdvisor Users (PHOTOS) Following on the coat tails of their intriguing top 10 landmarks in the U.S. and abroad, TripAdvisor has released their users
Tracing the Steps of History Through Hollywood Just as traveling opens your eyes to things unknown, movies help you visualize them that much better. Of course, be sure to look past the Hollywood filter, but enjoy tracing the steps of the filmmakers and protagonists alike. What are your favorite historic movies?
Small Boat, Big City Warm, and full of puffing sailboats, and washing-machine clean.  I am having a hard time believing this is New York harbor -- and that I am kayaking it.
5 Important Questions Answered About Cruising Over the past couple years, there seems to be one cruise ship disaster after another.  Should potential cruisers be concerned? What's the best way to book a cruise? Is river cruising as hot as everyone says?
A DC Tour Must-See A visit to the George Washington Masonic Memorial is an unexpected glimpse into both the private life and the deep spiritual leanings of the father of our country.
Another Holiday Looms -- With Its Perilous Pitfalls I  wrote about DUI Checkpoints as Memorial Day Weekend approached and cautioned my readers about the additional presence of checkpoints
Vintage Disney Photos Take a look back at vintage Disney in the slideshow below. We gathered some vintage Disney photographs taken from decades
Tourists Stranded On Ice Floe In Canadian Arctic Rescued After Spending Several Days At Sea Twenty tourists looking to \get away from it all\ in the Canadian Arctic went a little farther than expected earlier this
Five Deliciously Dangerous State and National Park Activities in the Western U.S. for Tweens and Teens t's called the Wild West for a reason
The Best Places To Eat In Seville I studied abroad in Seville, Spain for five months this past semester, and it was one of the best decisions I've ever made. I learned a tremendous amount about Andalusian cuisine. The following restaurants are those that blew me away in terms of creativity, taste, service, ambiance, and value.
5 Travel Fears to Get Over Traveling the world and exploring varied cultures is a dream that everyone, to some degree, yearns to fulfill. But what stops people from fulfilling their dreams?
Gorilla Trekking on the Cheap The closer we traveled to Uganda and Rwanda, where the majority of the world's mountain gorillas live, the more interested we became in seeing them, and so we did some research on less costly alternatives to the typical tours. What we found saved us hundreds of dollars.
7 Very Good Reasons to Visit Toronto This Summer Today's Toronto is different than the Toronto of even a few years ago. It is more vibrant, less predictable. Flatly put, it is more interesting. If you live within driving distance -- and many Americans do -- now's a good time to take a trip up north.
Visit to Sacred Halawa Valley on Molokai The tropical island had been previously described to me as an example of \old Hawaii,\ but those words hardly do Molokai justice. During my visit, the tiny island seemed alive with Hawaiian ancestors, legends and spirits of days long past.
Paddle Perfect With Romantic Hikes Shade, sun, and breeze, white rock and jadey-turquoise water, Camembert and fruit -- the south of France was ours. The beauty and heat were intoxicating and transporting.
10 Amazing Visuals from a Trip Around the World The 30 Postcards Project has taken me to places remote and places familiar, in 56 countries and counting, from the southernmost city in the world to the northernmost point in continental Europe.
6 Weeks in the English Lakes #3 Many people come to the English Lakes to immerse themselves in the world of Beatrix Potter. Potter visited the area as a child, and when she was engaged to her publisher, Norman Warne, they planned together to move to a Lake District farm.
PHOTOS Just the mere mention of amusement parks evokes images of thrilling rides and laughing children, so there\u2019s something inherently
World's Top Landmarks, According To TripAdvisor (PHOTOS) TripAdvisor has been doing its \Travelers' Choice\ lists for quite some time now--including the best tippers, most popular
5 of Michigan's Most Enchanting Waterfalls Michigan borders four of the five Great Lakes, is home to over 64,000 inland lakes and ponds, and has some of the most enchanting waterfalls east of the Mississippi!
Will the Star Alliance Terminal Make Passengers Feel Like Royals? If faster and easier connections in a brand new terminal makes passengers feel like royalty, well there's something to be said for that.
3 Reasons to Visit Livinallongo, Dolomites Any Dolomites trip should include a visit to Livinallongo. Picturesque scenery, old fashioned mountain hospitality, a long history and access to endless activities and adventure make this peaceful little town a must-see.
Can't Miss Things to Do in Florence This Summer While certain attractions are bound to draw tourists simply looking to view the most well-known landmarks, other areas are sure to please those hoping to familiarize themselves with the more intimate side of Firenze.
Monsters and Aliens Did you expect Arizona to have such spooky culture?
Best US Coastal Hikes Looking to escape the city this summer? Get away from the urban grind and enjoy some of the stress-relieving benefits of
Hiking the Appalachian Trail I'm not sure I could ever fully describe what takes place when I take time to immerse myself in nature, but something does. Something primal, something eternal and I am very grateful that we maintain these places and all places like it. I can't wait to hit the trail again!
4 Things to Make Travel Less Awful Earlier this week as I sat on the tarmac for 90 minutes baking in the Atlanta sun, I wondered, why did I ever think business travel would be glamorous?
A 'Sopranos' Tour Of New York And New Jersey On a crowded corner of 39th St and Seventh Avenue in midtown Manhattan, a roly-poly Italian-American man is selling Sopranos
Postcard from Libya Libya is a cultural landmark -- a country at the crossroads of the Middle East and Africa, inhabited by nomads, merchants and religious pilgrims who have all left their mark, be it in the glorious ruins of Sabrata and Shahhat (Cyrene) or in the fierce, unbreakable spirit of the Libyan people today.
Lindsay Bien-aime, US Airways Passenger, Arrested After Refusing To Stop Talking On Cell Phone \Wouldn't any normal person see that its a no-win situation, by the time you've got 3 cops on you? That no 'reasoning' -- and
Boston This year, come back to where it all began. Come to Boston. Here are some recommendations for fun and educational sightseeing options that will keep your entire family entertained.
Cartagena - Eat, Pray, Love, Dance & More When Spain plundered Colombia's gold, it left behind a treasure that continues to draw seekers and sybarites from around the world
New Bedford, Mass. New Bedford was and is an epic city in every sense of the word -- something that cannot be said of many other prettier, more popular Coastal New England destinations -- and the very reason I love visiting.
Pakistan Tourism Reeling Following Himalayan Mountaineering Massacre \We are still in shock, we've had to apologise to so many mountaineers across the world,\ said Hussain, who described the
Set-Jetting Asia Whether you're looking to discover the Tokyo of Bill Murray's Lost in Translation, or the explosive battle scene of Francis Ford Coppola's Apocalypse Now, Asia has set the scene for some of film's most epic adventures.
Your Weekly Travel Zen This week's Moment of Travel Zen comes to us from Littleton, Colorado. Where have you traveled for a moment of zen? Email
Prison Hotels Click through the slideshow below to see some of the world\u2019s prison-hotels
5 Bars Founded Before the United States As we approach our Independence Day we thought it would be fun to visit some of the watering holes around the country that have been here longer than we've actually been a country!
National Pyrotechnic Festival in Tultepec, Mexico Every year 100,000 people gather in Tultepec, Mexico to experience the nine day National Pyrotechnic Festival. Like most festivals, food, rides, music, and dancing are involved, but the biggest thrills are the amazing fireworks displays.
The 10 Coolest Infinity Pools At Vacation Rentals (PHOTOS) There is nothing better in the world than catching some rays on the beach, sitting so close to the water you can feel the
White Board Eyemask Might Be The Cleverest In-Flight Invention We've Seen...Or Maybe Not Tired of missing in-flight snacks because you're snoozing? Luckily, an inventor has thought of a quirky solution...two actually
8 Places to Find Your Center Amidst Mother Nature (Photo Courtesy of Shutterstock/Dmitry Berkut) Celebrate the summer and get in a workout at the same time. As this gallery
Hot Hotel Rooftop Bars to Hit Up This Summer No matter which major metropolitan area you're visiting for a night of revelry, hotel rooftop bars in America are some of the hippest high-altitude hangouts in the world.
Top Ten Money-Saving Family Travel Destinations for 2013 It's the halfway point of 2013, and certain travel hot spots have already been pointed out as excellent money-saving destinations, packed with thrilling attractions, entertainment and thriving nightlife.
Jembatan Akar There are some pretty cool bridges all over the world, constructed by engineers to serve not only as utilitarian structures
Announcing the 2013 List of America's 11 Most Endangered Historic Places With a country as large and diverse as the United States selecting a list of just 11 endangered historic places annually is a daunting task -- which is why this year, as our endangered list enters its second quarter-century, we opened up the process to the general public for the first time.
Road trip The larger-than-life place in the show is so small in actual daylight, we drove right past it at first.
Is This Travel \Convenience\ Just Another Scam? (POLL) I'm almost never accused of being too neutral, but when I covered a type of foreign currency exchange that affects international travelers recently, that's exactly what happened.
Southern Living Magazine Launches 15-Member Hotel Collection Southern Living is putting its stamp of approval on a group of one-of-a-kind, upscale independent hotels with its new Southern
5 Must-Dos in Philly One of the most underappreciated cities? Philadelphia. Here are five must-dos that'll make you crush real hard on the City of Brotherly Love.
Moving to Cuenca, Ecuador In the past few years, more and more people seem to have gone crazy about Ecuador and, particularly, about the charming and lively city of Cuenca.
Don't Scream For Ice Cream From drives to enjoy thick milk shakes, to behind-the-scenes looks at how your favorite flavors are made, you will discover plenty of delicious toppings, waffle cones and sundae surprises while savoring an ice cream tour, trail or festival.
Summer's Officially Here - Time to Put on Your Birthday Suit Cities, counties and states all have public golf courses, tennis courts, parks, and beaches for the clothed public. Where are all the topless and nude beaches?  Here are 10 beaches I would love to see with portions set aside for topless and nude sunbathing.
Three of Europe's Most Hedonistic Cities London has a variety of things to do for people of all ages and interests.
Cuddling a Koala in Australia Holding a koala is unlike anything you might expect.  First, it's the baby-sized bottom cupped in your hands.  Next it's the sharp hooked nails that sink into your flesh. And finally, as the koala calms, a tight, warm marsupial hug.
Things Tourists Say There are plenty of clich\u00e9d things you can say, too -- from corny jokes, to puns, to phrases we've heard thousands of time
12 Days in Heaven (a.k.a. Botswana), Part 4 -- Mombo Camp [PHOTOS] What do an elephant, a hippo, a troop of baboons, a crocodile, a herd of lechwe, impalas and buffalo have in common? The answer
Tanzania Voted Best Country for African Safaris >Over 1,000 safari travelers and industry experts participated in the largest survey of its kind to reveal the best safari country of Africa. The results are in and one country is the clear winner.
8 Ways to Experience Pondicherry Pondicherry (today renamed Puducherry) is a small French town on the Coramandel coast of India, just two hours from Chennai. \Give time a break\ says the Pondicherry Tourism slogan. It seems appropriate, for a break in this seaside town does take you into the slow lane.
Airport Yoga & Meditation Rooms At least five U.S. airports feature yoga studios or non-denominational meditation rooms -- welcoming both religious and non
How to Pack Shoes for Travel One of the biggest issues that travelers run into (specifically women) isn't the TSA 3oz, one-quart bag rule. It's the dilemma of trying to decide which shoes to pack.
Hertz Dream Cars Offers Super-Luxe Vehicle For Rent \The experience starts with a choice at select rental locations of some of the finest vehicles built on the planet,\ Mark
Delta CEO Richard Anderson Gives Up Seat On Flight For Mom Late To Pick Up Daughter Suddenly I realized that \u201cfamiliar face\u201d was not an off-duty pilot. It was you, the CEO of Delta, vaguely familiar from the
Stunning Natural Bridges Around the World John A. Roebling and Joseph Strauss designed impressive spans in their time, but Mother Nature has engineered some equally awe-inspiring structures...
A New American Airlines? \It's time to make a change...\ So says one of American Airlines' slick new commercials. Here's a slideshow to help the \old\ American get some ideas of items they may want to address in formulating the NEWness in the \new\ American.
Why Student Travel Is More Important Than Ever Before Now, more than ever, it is becoming increasingly important for college students to go abroad. Our world is growing in its demand for globally-minded people, and one of the best ways to achieve this is through travel and exploration.
6 Six Bay Area Beaches That Are Better Than Everyone Else's Beach Taking a trip to San Francisco? While the Bay Area has no shortage of beaches, not all beaches are created equal. For that reason, we've scoped out six sandy spots located just two hours from the city. Even locals couldn't have put together this list.
Pilot Lands Plane With iPad App, Help Of TSA Agent After Electronics And Navigation System Malfunction \The airplane motor wasn't an issue of stopping, it was only the electronics in the airplane. So I had no radio, I had no
9 Reasons You Must Visit Sequoia National Park Sequoia National Park comprises over 631 square miles of mountainous peaks, old-growth forests, and breathtaking meadows. It's also home to five of the 10 largest trees on the planet! Here are nine reasons why you simply must visit Sequoia National Park this summer.
11 Insanely Beautiful Bodies Of Water (PHOTOS) It's pretty hard to beat sitting lakefront or on the beach, enjoying the serene setting and beautiful views. But how about
In Sevilla, There's Always a Parade Sevilla loves a religious procession -- carrying statues of saints from favorite churches through the streets on big floats
Sevilla Impromptu Flamenco in Bars Spirited flamenco singing still erupts spontaneously in bars throughout the old town after midnight
10 European Destinations For 2013 (PHOTOS) If you're the kind of traveler that is constantly looking for the next big thing, that searches for undiscovered territory
Europe's Secret Beaches Finding your own little slice of sand in Europe can be as challenging as finding a local boutique open in August. Here's a list of off-the-beaten-path beach escapes.
World's Weirdest Travel Gadgets (PHOTOS) These days, it seems there's a quirky product for very type of traveler
10 Free Things You Can Get at Airports Airports have some pretty amazing amenities nowadays, like golf courses and full-service spas. But for cash-strapped travelers, some of the very best airport perks are the ones you can get for the price of showing up. Here's a rundown of not-so-obvious airport extras, offered at no charge.
Room Service 'Not Going Away In The Near Future'; 6 Hotels With Over-The-Top Room Service \I don't see room service going away any time in the near future,\ says David Morgan, vice president of food and beverage
Parisians Given Etiquette Manual To Combat Rude Reputation Of the Chinese, the fastest-growing category of tourists visiting the City of Light, the guide says they are \fervent shoppers
Abandoned America Check out some of the haunting images of a former church, elderly care center and jail below. Christopher has now focused
Back Fom the Biennale, Venice 2013 Venice. Floating city, contemporary art contradiction. The Venice Biennale is a six-month celebration of contemporary art, and in part a celebration of the ancient archipelago that refuses to be defined.
City Camping Give Urbanites A Local Getaway 4) If you're a Seattleite... 2) If you're a Washingtonian... Bostonians who need a quick getaway can retreat to the Boston
Best Places to Glamp Are you fond of the great outdoors ... minus the mosquitoes, the dirt and the whole sleeping bag situation? If so, you might be more of a \glamper\ than a camper. Leave your sleeping bag and your tent at home, and get ready not to rough it in the great outdoors.
Salema -- My Favorite Stretch of Portugal's Algarve My favorite town in Algarve (southern Portugal) remains Salema. In June it's lively, warm and a great place to relax. While economic hard times seem to be hitting both Spain and Portugal very hard, Salema remains a delightful stop on any Iberian itinerary.
13 Stunning Health and Wellness Retreats (PHOTOS) For many of us, long days at the office, stress, and errands can get in the way of a healthy lifestyle. So we often look at our vacations not as a chance for a calorie binge (well, not always), but as a chance to hit the reset button and get back to our exercise and fitness regimens.
10 Ways to Stay in Shape While Traveling Travel is about going outside your comfort zones, meeting new people, learning things about yourself, experiencing new adventures, and truly living. So on your next journey, create your own endorphin high and enjoy coming home with tons of memories and a whittled waistline.
Trend Watch Taking a cue from the enormous popularity of video games, top family travel destinations are offering high-tech interactive gaming experiences that immerse visitors in a storyline. Here are four places your family can experience this growing trend and get in on the game.
The World's Busiest Airlines (PHOTOS) This week, the International Air Transport Association (IATA) released the figures of the top one hundred airlines ranked
Tourist Trap or Renowned Attraction? Travel Enthusiast Pat Croce Deciphers the Two Summer is here, school is out, and if you're like a lot of families, that means a road trip or a short flight to the beach.  But admit it; you've been sucked into those tourist traps before. St. Augustine Pirate and Treasure Museum owner Pat Croce shares his tips for choosing a memorable retreat.
Top Stargazing Destinations Gazing into the night sky, we sense the vastness of the universe and mysteries beyond our comprehension. Stargazing is humbling, endlessly fascinating and hopelessly romantic.
'Magical' Dates For Cheap Airfares, According To An Expert If you want to save money on vacation flights this summer, there are several deadlines you should be aware of. These are
City Bike-Share Programs Are on a Roll For visiting families with teens, bike-share programs offer a fun, affordable way to explore part of city. Don't want to deal with traffic? There are plenty of bike stations near parks and other car-free areas. Here's the lowdown on some of the biggest bike-share programs in the country.
London Restaurant Notes The cooking at Dinner by Heston Blumenthal is so modern and fresh that links to the medieval or Victorian or WWII-era sources are hardly to be detected. Take that Meat Fruit, which seems to have become the restaurant's signature dish.
San Diego Airport Dog Bathroom Keeps Pets And Owners Happy (PHOTO) According to Dog Jaunt, airports are required to provide relief areas for canine travelers. New York's three major airports
Dublin Travel I visited Dublin three months ago while I was studying abroad in Europe, and while I only spent three days there, the food, the beer, the music, and above all, the people left a lasting impression on me.
Bike Races in the Dolomites The rugged, challenging terrain of Italy's Dolomite Mountains, combined with the incredible, breathtaking views and fantastic mountain atmosphere, make it the perfect location for cycling enthusiasts to hit the trails and enjoy some of the most exhilarating riding on earth.
10 Great Tiki Bars Around the World These world-renowned tiki bars are sure to please those who enjoy the luxury of a tropical paradise yet happen to be sojourning in a large city.
30 Incredible Outdoorsy Instagram Accounts to Follow Who you should be following on Instagram for breathtaking pictures from the slopes to the surf.
After Graduation If I were to tell graduating students one thing, I would tell them this
Australia Hosts Reef Live Event to Showcase Great Barrier Reef From a caf\u00e9 overlooking the Eiffel Tower, a woman in Paris chatted with scientist David Wachenfeld as he scuba dived through Australia's Great Barrier Reef.
Cheat Sheet If you'd like to leverage your status on one airline's program to get status on another airline, here's how to do it.
4 Tips for the Best July 4th Travel Deals Summer's here, it's time to celebrate your independence this Fourth of July -- without paying through the nose.
Brewing Local Pride Cadejo is a new brewery in El Salvador ... but it's about more than selling beer. It's about creating pride in something local.
Fantasy Flight Attendants Try as they might, airlines can't seem to live up to Hollywood standards of beauty, it seems. Ryanair releases their \sexy
United Passenger Restrained After Claiming He 'Poisoned Everyone On Board' United Airlines did not immediately respond with comment. UPDATE
Karim Nafani, Pilot, Photographs Views From The Cockpit (PHOTOS) Here's a brief list of things we love
A Vegan's Survival Guide to Travelling in Ireland Be prepared to compromise, have a back up plan, and remember
Geneva Is The Most Expensive City For A Club Sandwich What comes to mind when one thinks of a club sandwich? Is it the three layers of crispy, buttered bread lathered with mayo
5 Reasons Why Active Family Travel Is Growing Traveling as a family can be an amazing experience. Active travel makes this experience even more incredible by creating new ways to bond and learn about each other while truly discovering the destinations you visit.
A Look Back The Miss USA pageant will air Sunday in Las Vegas. We decided to take a look back at the past winners -- and their hometowns
What Dad Wants This Father's Day Where do you start for finding the perfect gift for the number one guy in your life? Put down that tie. Forget cologne. We polled dads across the U.S. and uncovered some surprising insight into the best Father's Day gift ideas, and the good news is they really want to go somewhere fun.
Three of Europe's Most Hedonistic Cities Rome is a place of history, its very origin based on myth. However, these shopping, eating, and cocktail-ing locations are the real thing, and should be on the to-do list of any European vacationer.
Your Weekly Travel Zen And to see our past featured Moments of Travel Zen... This week's Moment of Travel Zen comes to us from Casi, travel blogger
Advice for Travelling Dads This Father's Day Today's technology provides more options for travelers to stay in touch with loved ones. Traveling can be easier on the whole family if you make time to let them know that you're thinking of them while you're away. A souvenir for the kids never hurts either!
Belgium's Bizarre and Beloved Festivals From its humble beginnings in 1913 as a race intended to boost the circulation of the sports-focused newspaper\u00a0Sportwereld
Qatar Qatar is aspiring to be the hub that spokes to the world, with its vast investments, its satellite television network, Al Jazeera, among the most watched in the world, and its global philanthropy.
Underwater Hotels You thought water-skiing and snorkeling were cool? Guests at Poseidon can take submarine piloting lessons and explore the
Seven Game of Thrones-inspired Getaways Fans of the HBO show
The Best Places to Grab a Pint and See the Sights in Ireland If you are going to visit Ireland, you'll definitely want to stop for a pint of Guinness or Smithwicks and take in the sights. Not sure which places are the best? We asked Wilma to share her favorites with us.
Armani's Secret Island of Pantelleria The Italian island of Pantelleria sits in the Mediterranean Sea closer to Africa than Sicily. A magnificent place of haunting natural beauty, stunning architecture, and delicious food and wine.
Horn OK Please These are the famous words you will see etched on the back of trucks in India, across the length and breadth of the country.
T+L Editors' Favorite Road Trips (PHOTOS) It's an annual summer ritual
Great National Park Lodges (PHOTOS) Find out how the right lodge will improve your next national park visit.
How to Complain to an Airline Everyone will end up complaining about an airline sooner or later. So if you have an airline complaint, whether it's lost bags, a delayed flight, or poor service, always try to resolve it politely at the airport. If that doesn't work, try the following.
Great (But Forgotten) Historic Sites Linked to 'Fathers' of Innovation and Social Movements In honor of this Father's Day, I picked out my ten favorite \forgotten places\ and the extraordinary individuals to whom they're somehow connected.
WATCH You never need a reason to travel, right? But if you've ever questioned the merits of traveling, Robin Esrock will convince
World's Safest Airlines (PHOTOS) Travelers can find plenty of reasons to complain about airlines -- except when it comes to safety.
Dublin Travel File this under too cute for words. Dublin offers its tourists a unique view of the city by way of City of a Thousand Welcomes
Airplane Yoga 6. Mini Lunges. But it's not just about moving the body
Travels With Cubby Each Father's Day, my dad gave his children gifts. He always enclosed a note of appreciation, telling how proud he was of each of us and our accomplishments -- how happy he was to be our dad.  But my father's most lasting gift, which I didn't understand until after he died, was the joy of travel.
7 A-List Celebrity Summer Vacation Spots Stars just love to get away from the flashbulbs of the paparazzi and screaming fans for some peaceful relaxation before going back to their hectic lives of fame and fortune. It all sounds so rough, I know. But where exactly do A-listers escape to for some summer fun in the sun?
Nuovo in Milano The Galleria Vittorio Emanuele II was famously the first place to be illuminated with electric lights in Italy. Imagine the
The Dining Is Down-Home at Florida Fish Shacks (PHOTOS) Nothing fancy
Traveling With UNESCO As a member of the U.S. National Commission for UNESCO I am quite familiar with the organization, yet I did not expect the impact it would have on my trip. This led to a number of reflections.
Start-Up Iceland While Silicon Valley may still be the technology and entrepreneur hub of North America and some say, the world, it's shortsighted for investors, businesses and even consumers not to be looking to global pockets for innovation and new ideas.
Rocco DiSpirito Serves Up Lasagna Bolognese Ala Italian Mamma Who doesn't love Italian food? American adaptations of Italian classics have taken on a flair of their own over the years
Scary Plane Landing In a period of 5 seconds however, just as the nose of the aircraft crosses the start of the runway, everything disappears
When Two Become One Wall Street practically flipped at the news of the merger between U.S. Airways and American Airlines. But what does the merger of two major U.S. carriers mean for the rest of us?
Red Roof Inn 40th Anniversary Like the Beverly Hills Hotel, the Hotel del Coronado and the Motel 6 hotel chain before it, the Red Roof Inn, the ubiquitous
Hidden Gem There are a handful of places that I have been in my lifetime that offer instant relaxation. Sycamore Mineral Springs Resort is one of those magical places.
4 Reasons to Visit San Cassiano At the foot of the magnificent La Varella mountain lies the small mountain village of San Cassiano, boasting the typical Dolomites charm and an atmosphere of peace and tranquility as inviting as the breathtaking scenery that surrounds it.
Great Make-Out Spots in London (VIDEO) London is a very romantic city.
Ultra-Running I've raced and run around the globe - Borneo, Ecuador, South Africa, Costa Rica, India, Croatia, Uganda, Tibet - and this was amongst the most beautiful and magical.
Cuban Cool After years of U.S. Treasury Department travel restrictions, Cuba has taken on an air of mystery.  Our 45-minute charter-flight from Miami and the bus ride into Havana make us feel like astronauts of a sort, touching down for nine days in a parallel world.
Wyoming's Two National Parks Wyoming is mountain country and land of adventures. Get ready to be wowed by the awe-inspiring sights in the state's two national parks.
Top Five Road Trip Songs for Summer There's something alluring about throwing a bag in the back of your car and hitting the road in the summer time. Open spaces, scenic overlooks, unexpected detours. And, of course, no road trip would be complete without music. Here's a list of five great road trip songs.
Last-Minute Bonnaroo Essentials You still have time to get your act together. Here are five things you wish you knew to pack before, well, today.
A Hidden Etruscan Tomb My Orvieto guide was excited to surprise me with a visit to a very special and obscure site
Most Annoying Travel Fees (PHOTOS) You can still avoid some of the worst penalties if you plan strategically. Read on for tips in dealing with the latest annoying travel fees.
5 Tips for a Low(er)-Stress Disney World Family Trip To keep the \Most Magical Place on Earth\ from becoming the most stressful, here are a few real-life tips from our travels that might help your family, too.
Exit Row Seats. Who Gets Them, And How Much For? Everyone loves a little extra legroom when flying, and the most legroom of all in economy class comes with those coveted exit row seats. But who gets to sit in them?
7 Fun and Educational Summer Vacations Yes, summer vacation is for kicking back and relaxing, but learning doesn't have to be a chore.
Flag Day 2013 and the Star Spangled Banner On Flag Day (June 14), the townspeople of Frederick, Maryland will host a big celebration to kick off the  year leading up to the 200th anniversary of the composition of The Star Spangled Banner.
World's Weirdest Superstitions (PHOTOS) See More Weird Superstitions --Karina Martinez-Carter While the habits vary from one country to the next, we all want to
A New Orleans Playlist For Your Summer Trip (LISTEN) With its carefree charm and revelrous reputation, New Orleans has become an American travel destination. As the birthplace
Father's Day Gift Ideas Golf getaways, foodie vacations and even some off-the-wall travel gizmos
Priorat -- Majestic, Spiritual and Aiming Closer to Their Great Potential Priorat, located within Catalonia, has all of the elements to be one of Spain's most celebrated wine regions.
Best Gay Pride Events Around The World As the warm weather heats up, the Gay Pride events are starting to go off like fireworks. Held everywhere from the Canary
Summer Fun in the Sun \u00e0 la Montr\u00e9al Hot jazz, cool comedy, fine dining and fabulous European caf\u00e9 culture. The world's second-largest French-speaking city after Paris promises all that and more during the sultry season.
The Most And Least Expensive Cities To Visit This Summer, According To TripAdvisor (PHOTOS) For the third year in a row, TripAdvisor analyzed the costs of a night out and overnight stay (a four-star hotel, cocktails
Private Islands For Sale There are plenty of arguments to be had about which is better
35 Disney Vacation Tips Disney World is a lot of things, but cheap? You're dreaming if you think you can bring a \tight budget\ with you to the theme park. Well, dream on... and see how far you can stretch your dollar at Disney World's Magic Kingdom theme park!
Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport This popular South Florida airport yields many an affordable airfare, meaning that plenty of travelers heading anywhere from Palm Beach to The Keys or on a cruise end up treading its concourses. Here's a mini-guide that'll have you navigating Fort Lauderdale like a pro.
Getting Outdoors In The East (PHOTOS) From the tip of Maine to the Florida Keys, America's Eastern region is a diverse area filled with just about every type of terrain an active traveler could want
Father's Day 2013 Of course your dad is a family man, but this Father's Day why don't you give him a little break from the tots and chaos by sending him on a mancation?
Surfing and Yoga Surfing and yoga is a way of life that serves up constant lessons.  And sometimes it takes a different approach -- less doing and more observing -- to see clearly the path of clarity, power, and flow.
Expat Recovery Room Today, Istanbul might be an economic powerhouse on paper, but she's a wreck in person. It's not just in the heaps of rubble, collapsing buildings, and congested streets; but in the city's basic ability to breathe. Gezi park is the last lung.
Enniskillen, Northern Ireland Gets Ready For Its G-8 Close-Up ENNISKILLEN, Northern Ireland \u2014 The smell of fresh paint hangs in the air as this small town completes an extensive makeover
Save Orvieto Bus A All day long, this bus shuttles loads of visitors enthusiastic about eating, sleeping, shopping, and sightseeing in Orvieto
Child Specter Appears Nightly at Carnival I'm following traveling carnivals from coast to coast for a year, writing essays about America from the road.
Do You Have a Case of Wanderlust? According to Wikipedia, \wanderlust is a strong desire for or impulse to wander or travel and explore the world.\ I suspect that if you're reading this, you are likely to have at least a mild case of this condition. Did you ever wonder where this feeling comes from?
Summer Carry-On Luggage and Travel Bags for All Types Whether you're flying internationally for work, taking a quick weekend roadtrip with friends or simply unplugging and relaxing in the comfort of your own city, finding the right luggage is vital to having a pleasant travel experience.
The Odd Beauty Of Abandoned Landmarks (PHOTOS) There's a special kind of beauty in a man-made object being reclaimed by nature after it has been abandoned. Read more on
Americans Are Like Sheep on Vacation I'm here in Ireland watching the sheep, and they strike me as being a lot like Americans on vacation.
Sweet Notes Linger After Cape Town Dinner It would not be entirely accurate to say that I had dinner at the Moyo Restaurant on Tuesday night. I ate there, but in fact, I had bought my meal from a street vendor.
High Flying Adventure in BC's Purcell Mountains Clinging like a giant gecko to the sheer face of a giant rock slab, I reckon there's no better time to practice mind over matter. I'm still only midway through what has been dubbed the wildest new outdoor adventure in North America.
Italy's Dizzy Amalfi Coast With a million vistas, each one different, I could look out the window all day. In even the most resorty of places, you can
Airport Guide In 2012, O'Hare was the fifth busiest airport in the world. That's a lot of people coming from and going to a lot of places. Coming in for a landing? You'll want a guide to help you get in, around and out.
Allegiant Airlines Passengers Sing R. Kelly's 'I Believe I Can Fly' After Spending Hours On Tarmac (VIDEO) In total, said Davis, the flight was delayed about four hours. He added that passengers on the flight have been given a $100
Red Wine and Cheese A favorite research chore for me in Orvieto is checking my restaurants...and then trying to find even better ones. (Actually
A Simple Story of Mind-Blowing Customer Service Throughout my years of being on the road, I've become mesmerized by the wide variation in the levels of customer service. For me, one recent experience has set an entire new level of expectation.
History Does Repeat Itself How can a Civil War be likened to some bill that was passed a few months ago? It's not such an outlandish idea though. In both cases, what began as a popular movement among the public, ended with each side ripped in half by the means used to achieve these goals.
Hidden Beach, Mexico It's not often in this world that a beach is truly \hidden\ from the general public, certainly not a beach that's roughly
PHOTOS One of its best inventions is Trajectum Lumen, a trail of light installations that illuminates the town's 2000 year history. Trajectum is the Roman name for the military settlement that provided the core of the original Old Town.
Airline Logos We're a bit airline-obsessed here at HuffPost Travel. We love to follow airlines' uniforms, new logos (like American's, which
Hotels That Redefine Camping Some of us dream of escaping into the outdoors, but without all the twisting of tent poles, all those roots and rocks pressing against your spine. Here we present seven hotels that take most of the rough edges off the camping experience.
How to Stretch a Budget to See (More of) the World Seeing the world is possible even early in a career, when money can be even more squeezed than time. By being smart with a dollar and creating the most out of allotted time off, regular  travel can morph from a dream into a reality.
Instagram Tour ust two weeks ago, I found myself in Cleveland on a sort of mini vacation/sabbatical. Now, if a record-scratch moment just happened in your head, let me confirm that you did, in fact, read that correctly. I went to Cleveland for vacation.
10 National Parks You Never Knew Existed While many of our national parks welcome millions of visitors each year (think Yellowstone and the Grand Canyon), others are far-flung, remote, or simply under the radar. Check out these 10 national parks for trails less traveled and uncover an America you never knew existed.
Top Travel Apps Next to a suitcase, the most indispensable travel accessory these days is a smartphone. Whether you embark on a business trip or an exotic overseas vacation, phone apps exist to help make virtually every element of the experience far easier and more enjoyable.
Entrepreneurs, Sit Back and Relax! You Deserve It!! When you book your next business trip, consider scheduling a few hours at your favorite spa sanctuary. Take a peek at some of the most amazing spas in the world.
Discover the Pacific Northwest The Pacific Northwest is the ultimate outdoor experience -- hiking the cool, majestic old-growth forests of the Pacific Peninsula, the majestic snow-capped peaks, boating or kayaking the crystal blue mountain lakes or exploring the miles of scenic coast.
Dining In Edinburgh, Scotland On two successive recent nights in Edinburgh we had dinner at restaurants operated by one of Scotland's most well regarded chefs, Tom Kitchin.
Former Solo Travelers Can Stay Independent I adapted to marriage, but I missed traveling solo. While traveling on my own I had to be totally open to experience
Buildings Shaped Like Animals (PHOTOS) Even serious tastemakers like Pritzker Prize-winning architect Frank Gehry have been inspired to inject a playful animalistic
Zip Through America's Fastest Airports For a traveler to breeze through any major airport, plenty of stars have to align. Security waits need to be short, terminals easy to navigate, intra-airport transportation abundant... Here's our list of the country's 10 speediest major airports.
Europe's 10 Strangest Tourist Attractions Does just the thought of standing in long lines for Europe's biggest attractions this summer make you sweat? Ditch the crowds and send a chill down your spine instead by visiting Europe's 10 strangest tourist attractions.
America's Best Little Beach Towns (PHOTOS) In the free and easy days of summer, the quest for a great American beach town is a national passion. Beach towns are a mainstay
Best Hotels in San Francisco for Mixing Business with Pleasure (PHOTOS) Plenty of business people find themselves traveling to San Francisco for work. And while the city has plenty to offer all
What Are Some Tips for Getting the Best Outcome When Your Flight Is Canceled? Pull out your cellphone as soon as it becomes clear that your flight is significantly delayed, even if it is not yet officially canceled.
Nude Does Not Mean Rude, Beach Goers Biggest Annoyances Are you going to dare and go bare this summer? When you take a nude beach vacation, what bugs you?
Hotel Pool Amenities Hotel pools are guaranteed to be at their busiest soon. There are few things better than commandeering a poolside cabana, with a haul of reading material and not a care in the world. And the best hotel pools anticipate guests' needs seamlessly.
Cultivating Weightless Simplicity Weightless simplicity is impossible to fake. It takes preparation, effort, and time to create the feeling of natural ease and flow
Germany's Summer Festivals August in Germany -- Frankfurt, Bad Nauheim and Kassel to be precise -- is a propitious, tourist-perfect time.
Smart Tips for an All-Around Easier -- and Maybe Cheaper -- Road Trip Road trips, however exhilarating, can also be taxing on the body and mind at times, but by planning ahead you can ensure everyone on the drive stays engaged and entertained. Here are a few ways to make your trip more memorable.
Washington's Monuments in Minutes? Yes, You Can! Did I say \all\ the monuments in one day\? Yeah, more or less.
Which Hotel-Branded Credit Cards Are Worth Getting? For a close look at some popular hotel branded cards - and which ones are winners and which ones are more like losers - consult
The World's 'Must-Ride' Coasters, According To The Travel Channel (PHOTOS) It's summer, which means it's time for roller coasters (at least to some people). Leave it to The Travel Channel to have
Here's a Little Summer Travel Advice Are you still forgetting to pack your manners when you travel? If you are, then please meet Grace, a flight attendant who recently turned to me for some career advice.
Skiing in Summer? Strap on your ski gear and get ready for an encore of winter. Here are the best places to hit the slopes this summer.
Yellowstone Travel Tips If you want to experience sheer, jaw-dropping American beauty, take a guided tour of the remarkably diverse Yellowstone National Park. With wildlife at almost every turn, Yellowstone is one of the world's foremost wildlife sanctuaries.
10 Spa Escapes In Europe (PHOTOS) Where to get you to that \Ahhh\ feeling faster than you can say \Euro Trip.\  Whether all you want is some downtime in the sauna or a deep tissue massage, these properties have you covered. So sit back and relax--the Louvre will still be there tomorrow.
New Orleans Hotel A 1918 gas station in New Orleans has been converted by Robert Guthrie into a state-of-the-art 2,000-square-foot hotel, rentable
Best Money-Saving Hotel Tips For the past few years hotel prices have been rising across the globe, no matter which country you choose to visit. Thankfully, there are plenty of savvy ways to save money on a hotel room today -- you just need to know the insider tricks.
Naples Naples' street plan is 2,500 years old, dating back to the days when it was the Greek city Neapolis. And for all those centuries
Getting Outdoors in the Southwest (PHOTOS) Although there may be tons of incredible national parks throughout the Southwest -- including Arches, Zion, and the Grand Canyon -- other lesser-known areas prove to be just as majestic. Here are a few of our favorite places in the region to get fit and reconnect with Mother Nature.
5 Getaway Ideas for Dad (PHOTOS) As a Dad, I've uncovered some of my favorite places to sit back and enjoy spending quality time with my family. From fishing in the Florida Keys to golfing in Hilton Head, these getaways let you enjoy your favorite activities for Father's Day weekend with the family.
How Kim and Kate Will Spoil Their Spawn Five of the most over-the-top, kid-friendly hotel amenities that celebrity (and royal) moms will definitely approve of. If Kimbryo will love these kid-friendly amenities, so will you!
Trajan's Column Unrolled At Rome's E.U.R., the Museum of Roman Civilization has no actual artifacts, but it does have dozens of rooms full of plaster
Rome -- Eternally Entertaining In Milan and the north of Italy, it's long been a tradition for bars to put out little buffets of appetizers which are offered
United Baggage Fees Now Payable Through Yearly 'Subscription' Perhaps unsurprisingly, the subscriptions are riddled with hidden costs. Flyers seeking to check two bags will have to pay
5 Splendiferous June Getaways (photo
Our Turkish Finale The Mausoleum of Ataturk strives to fit the greatness of the man it is designed to honor and memorialize. After two weeks
Why Baby Boomers Aren't Planning to Spend Retirement on Their Couch Where will you go for your next trip? And could that destination become what you will call home?
Summer Travel (Part 2) Sites from the \Cradle of American Culture\ to the Badlands out West.
Paris Time-Lapse Video Takes You On A Condensed Tour Of The City Of Light (VIDEO) Paris 2013 TimeLapse in Motion (Hyperlapse by Kirill Neiezhmakov) from Kirill Neiezhmakov on Vimeo. The video includes a
London Dining One of our favorites restaurants was reborn under the name of One Leicester Street.
Georgia - The Fix for America's Addiction to Foreign Archaeology! Since the State Department put out warnings about traveling to Egypt and Mexico (the two preeminent destinations for those with a passion for pyramids), I decided to look for a safe, inexpensive alternative to my usual dependence on foreign archaeology.
FastJet Considers Africa Expansion After Early Success Bringing Low-Cost Travel To Tanzania Fastjet flights in Tanzania sell for as little as $20. \I don't know if it will happen tomorrow, but if it makes sense we
Truk Lagoon, One Of World's Largest Ship Graveyards, Open For Adventurous Divers (PHOTOS) PHOTOS of the lagoon and some of its wreckage
Life on a Volcanic Island Skimming across the Tyrrhenian sea, one can see the Gran Cratere of Vulcano in the distance. Arriving in this volcanic island was like approaching Jurassic Park, with its steep hills of vines and trees, deserted coastline and smoking crater.
Someday Your Princely Hotel Will Come! TripAdvisor is to finding hotels online what Match.com is to finding mates. From either, we peruse profiles to see if we want to spend one night at a resort, or the rest of our lives with that profile picture that pops up on our laptop.
Photo Ops Fourteen oversized items to pose with around the world -- each attraction is the world's largest something.
Iron Maiden Singer Bruce Dickinson Says His Airline Could Take Off 'Within 50 Days' MSN had some fun, calling the aviation endeavor \fitting for a man whose voice has often been favorably compared to an air
Caf\u00e9s and Cocktails Amid Penang's Colonial Legacy Penangites love to eat, drink and talk, and Penang is regarded as the street food capital of Malaysia. Unsurprisingly, many new ventures have revolved around increasingly sophisticated venues for chatting and snacking.
12 Days in Heaven (a.k.a. Botswana), Part 3 -- Abu Camp [PHOTOS] Have you ever dreamed of spending quality time with elephants? Then look no further than Abu, where guests are able to interact with the camp's fascinating herd of rescued, orphaned and raised elephants.
Amusement Park VIP Perks (Photo Courtesy of Six Flags) A recent news story about rich people allegedly hiring handicapped tour guides to jump lines
Outdoorsy Summer Travel Summer is the time to get outdoors and get active.
Summer Concert Guide for the European Backpacker Muffathalle - Munich By Jackie DeJesse, Party Earth writer. While exploring Munich, be sure to check out some of the city's
France's 10 Most Enchanting Towns This summer, ditch the tourist trail in Paris and Marseilles and hit the countryside to experience the wealth of gorgeous historical villages France has to offer.
'Game Of Thrones' Walking Tours Offered In Northern Ireland And Croatia If you're a \Game of Thrones\ fan, last night's episode will likely have rocked your world just a little bit. So while the
Americans Are Some Of The World's Best Tippers, According To TripAdvisor Survey Americans may be some of the world's worst tourists, but according to a new survey, at least that reputation hasn't been
Ask Airfarewatchdog Q
For the Frequent Flyer - Another Take on the American Airlines and U.S. Airways Merger Since American Airlines (AA) announced its impending merger with US Airways later this year, I've talked with a lot of frequent flyers. Not surprising, they have expressed some understandable anxiety about the status of their loyalty points.
Voluntourism Your idea of a relaxing vacation may not involve volunteer work or sustainability initiatives, but there are ways to give
Which Song Will You Ban From Your Summer Road Trip? There are a lot of great reasons to restrict some songs from the road trip soundtrack.
Continental's Coffee Leads To Lawsuit After Texas Woman Says She Was Burned By Beverage According to the suit, filed May 15 against United Continental Holdings, Inc., Continental's parent company, Cervantes claims
The 5 Most Romantic Waterfront Resorts in the U.S. (PHOTOS) Couples take note
America's Best Stadium Food (PHOTOS) More from Travel + Leisure
Airline Fees Make Travel Cost Comparisons A Challenge So when you are going to fly, it's important to figure out what you would be willing to pay extra to obtain. \A lot of travelers
New York They say that New York is the city that never sleeps. You should, of course, sleep while you're here -- just not in the same place twice! Luckily, that's not a tall order in this city of eight million. So check in, unpack, then get out and about!
A Boozy Pub Crawl in London (VIDEO) In the British capital, I met up with James Dowdeswell, a local comedian who actually grew up in a pub! The plan was to sample a few brews at his favorite boozers in East London but our pub crawl got interrupted! And I'm glad it did.
Multi-Generational Vacationing -- Homestead Style It doesn't have to be Mother's Day to celebrate three great generations of women.
Is It Time to Regulate Frequent Flier Programs? (POLL) Peter Bauer is mad. His wife, Susan, a loyal United Mileage Plus member, can't seem to redeem her hard-earned points for what she'd been promised
Is the Water at the Beach Safe? How to Find Out Before You Take the Kids \u2022 Local municipalities are required by law to test public beaches for water safety, and results are typically posted on a
Forget White Sand Beaches, These Shores Are Pink, Black, Even Green. -- By Laura Ratliff, Cond\u00e9 Nast Traveler Sure, white sand and crystalline waters are great, but beaches can come in all shades
Demand for International Travel Through the Roof Big companies no longer have a corner on the market when it comes to attracting international travelers, whether it's tour companies, airlines or hotels. Instead, the little guys are finally getting their due respect and vacationers from around the world are focusing on supporting local efforts.
Saggy Pants Ban Up For Vote In Wildwood, New Jersey Closer to Jersey, New York state Sen. Eric Adams recently proposed a resolution for New York City schools that would prohibit
Eerily Beautiful Abandoned Places A ship graveyard in Mauritania, a picturesque 16th century Italian village, a once-grand train station--we can't help but be mesmerized by these mysterious and beautiful abandoned places around the world.
War Refugee and Balloon Maker Drivers In this morning's version of Edward Hopper's \Nighthawks,\ the diner is a Gary, Indiana truck stop and the patrons are cross-country truckers.
You're Invited to Peek Inside the World of Nude Recreation May 31st - June in Las Vegas at the Nudist Expo Everyone is invited, newbies and nudists alike.
The Hara Miltary Base, Once a Soviet Camp on the Baltic Sea An hour or so outside of Tallinn Estonia, along the coast of the Baltic Sea, lies an abandoned Soviet submarine base next to the village of Hara.  Barren, forgotten, isolated.
Seedy No More, Miami Is Hip Hip Hip Same drugs, same cops, same beautiful bodies in skimpy attire, but the town has evolved into a huge non-stop city, always fabulously gleaming in the sun, but with the increased road traffic that comes with a whole lot more people.
Chinese Tourists The Focus Of International Scrutiny After Several High-Profile Incidents \They make a terrible racket in public places, scrawl their names on tourist sites, ignore red lights when crossing the road
A Taste of France in Virginia Wine Country There has been a lot of buzz about Virginia wines. When we visited, what we found was enticing. The wineries are proliferating, and the wines excellent, and the philosophy of life, camaraderie of local vintners and \recherche du temps perdu\ sense was alluring.
Ten Perfect Small Hideaways My favorite hotels are relatively small, possess strong individual personalities, offer relaxing atmospheres and demonstrate a consistent devotion to personal service. Here are 10 consummate hideaways, all with fewer than 10 rooms each.
Man-tastic Vacations in Paso Robles Wine Country \Must dos\ for your man-cation to Paso Robles.
Cairo, Rafah, Gaza Prior to the Jan. 25, 2011, revolution, the security officers at Egyptian borders and airports are mean and often shout at
Parksville, Qualicum Beach a Short Getaway From Vancouver We were standing in the free-flying room of the World Parrot Refuge, home to more than 800 abandoned or former breeding-stock parrots from more than 50 species, located on Alberni Highway in Coombs.
How to Spend a Week in Arizona, Part 1 Phoenix is a city encompassing 27 communities and 4 million residents that has been occupied for the last two millennia, and upon its founding was named Pumpkinville for the pumpkins that were grown along irrigation canals. In the last decade or so, downtown Phoenix has experienced a resurgence.
A Day in Vienna Start your day in Vienna's sixth district with a leisurely breakfast at Caf\u00e9 Sperl a historic coffeehouse dating back to 1880. When you've had your fill, head towards the Vienna State Opera House.
Customized Family Expedition Travel for All Ages Heading to a destination resort -- mountains or beach or wherever each individual can do their own thing during the day and the group reconvenes for dinner each night -- is common.
The Best Water Parks in the World (PHOTOS) Who doesn't feel like a kid again when at a water park?
How to Pack Light While carrying less cargo certainly has its benefits, even the most seasoned travelers agonize over how to limit excess baggage. But never fear
Cross Country Must-Sees Throughout America (PHOTOS) Summer is (unofficially) here, and tons of travelers will be heading coast to coast to visit some of the most iconic city
Ronda (and Gibraltor) --Two Friends in Andalusia, Part 4 After arriving in Ronda, we walked to the Hotel San Francisco, the most modest accommodations that we would experience during our trip.  We began our sightseeing by crossing the Puente Nueve .
Granada From Granada station, we walked to the Hotel Gran Via 44, passing first through a neighborhood which is best described as 21st century post-recession in character.
Create Your Family Travel Bucket List Family travel can play a strong role in the education you offer your children and grandchildren. Make the most of it. Here are six concepts to consider
Honing the Perfect Honeymoon Wedding season is upon us and where there are nuptials, there are newlywed holidays to follow.
Travel 2.0 For the traveler, every act of uploading data from the road is an act of performance. The traveler, by virtue of their circumstances, is unconsciously placed on a kind of social stage for the people they've left behind.
Summer Eats Across the U.S. Local specialities you won't want to miss this summer.
Cross-Country in a Clunker What should you do before you travel if you're driving a high-mileage car that's been loved to pieces?
A Tourist's Guide to New York Theater Awards Season (and the Occasional Museum) A five-day visit to New York. Six shows, half good and half not-so. Three museums. Some of this is utterly evanescent; a few items might travel if you're patient; but some of it requires you to jump on a plane and go. Herewith a guide to your trip.
Quick Steps to Being Mosquito Free This Summer In a couple of days I'll be kicking off 60-plus days of trekking through Central and South America. Unlike my trips through less tropical climates, I've placed more focus on decreasing the probability of coming back looking like a pin cushion for mosquitoes.
Konya The tenor of towns in Turkey changes depending upon how religious and conservative they are. Among western-oriented, secular
Turkey Shoot -- Producing Two New Programs in Anatolia I have long found Turkey one of the most exciting destinations in (and around) Europe. We have two shows on central and western
Ballooning over Cappadocia I've never been big on ballooning. It's expensive, you need to get up really early, and I'm a little bit afraid of the whole
5 Must Hit Bars While Backpacking Through Europe For more articles and reviews, go to Party Earth. Bar Dow Jones - Barcelona As indicated by its moniker, Bar Dow Jones in
8 Stunning Markets Foodies Can't Miss There's no easier way to get a true taste of the local culture than by heading for a stroll around the marketplace. The world over, markets are a place for meeting with friends, checking out the day's offerings, and, of course, stocking up on some of the freshest ingredients available.
Spirit Airlines Kicks Russians Off Las Vegas Flight For Speaking Loudly In Native Language The group was given a full refund, notes CBS Las Vegas, though they missed their party in Las Vegas. Per Voice of Russia
Istanbul's Grand Bazaar Hums Along I enjoyed updating our Istanbul guidebook's Grand Bazaar chapter. While the main streets of the vast market are jam-packed
Tips for a Stress-Free Family Summer Vacation If you're one of the many families getting ready to get away from it all this summer, here are some tips for a stress-free summer vacation.
Nu Yawka Goes Country in Branson (PHOTOS) The only thing this Nu Yawka knew about Country was when we moved to Nu Joisey, all our Nu Yawk relatives clucked in pity at our moving to the country. This was practically covered wagon days, when Joisey was really considered Country.
Fear Of Flying? You Can Get Over It My overactive imagination doesn't help with my fear of flying. All I have to do is shut my eyes, and the Parade of Horror
Mother Nature's Most Amazing Sights and Sounds More Content from The Active Times
Admit It, You'd Do Anything for a Cheap Airfare The future of travel will be filled with steals and deals for a lucky few, but for the rest of us? Not so much. With the busy American Memorial Day holiday weekend just around the corner, many unwitting customers are about to find out just how bad it can get.
Baby Whale to Kids Mother whales show a great deal of curiosity around us, and a willingness to let their playful calves approach us.
Mexico's Top 4 Wildlife Adventures There's a wild side of Mexico that few travelers experience. Here are four wondrous nature adventures you shouldn't miss.
Memorial Day Perspective In the U.S., Memorial Day weekend usually marks the beginning of summer vacation. But in some places in China, school vacations aren't as big a cause of celebration.
Two Wonderful Madrid Restaurants I'm an old-fashioned food and wine snob who has eaten all over Spain for 40 years. Today I'm going to highlight two Madrid restaurants I find myself going to these days at least once a week.
The Hipster's Summer Guide Plan ahead -- not just for this exhibition but for London travel in general. Below are a smattering of suggestions for visiting London -- and witnessing the glitteringly glam career of Mr. Bowie.
Glammed out Great Gatsby Hotels Baz Luhrmann's The Great Gatsby, adapted from F. Scott Fitzgerald's literary classic, takes place in the summer of 1922, in an era of debauchery and decadence. These hotels evoke images of Gatsby's seductive revelries.
Ten Reasons to Love Pennsylvania \You're going to Pennsylvania?\ our friends asked. \You're usually flying off to some destination we've never heard of, but the state named after William Penn? Why Pennsylvania?\
Beachfront Luxury Who doesn't love a beach vacation? The sun, the sand, and the ocean all come together to make for a relaxing getaway that
Istanbul Has Its Act Together While I was in Cairo, I kept thinking the Egyptians should check out Istanbul. Both are megacities with over 10 million people
Memorial Day Driving Advice You Can Actually Use -- No, Seriously What's the best way to survive your the trip?
Summer Concert Guide for the European Backpacker Check out these incredible concert venues in France for a night of endless dancing and singing along with the band.
10 Italian Villages for a Perfect Summer Escape To get a true taste of the essence of Italy, many travelers take to the countryside to explore the rustic villages and sprawling vineyards which have made Italy synonymous with old-world charm.
Bountiful Yountville If California wines still baffle - so many labels! -- you might want to spend a weekend in Yountville, on Route 29 in Napa Valley. A village by this city boy's standards, it's 12 blocks long and four blocks wide, perched on a bit of real estate smaller than 1200 acres.
Tales of Old Mexico Like Christopher Columbus, Cortes thought the lands of the \New World\ were part of the eastern side of the Indies, and that the island could have been de Montalvo's California.
The Edible Bus Stop Have you ever considered combining a trip to a major world capital with a spot of guerrilla gardening? If so, The Edible Bus Stop project, launched last week in London, could be the ideal opportunity.
Sticker Shock Shelling out thousands of dollars a night for a hotel room may not be in the cards for most of us, but that doesn't mean
10 Las Vegas Travel Tips Whatever happens in Vegas certainly doesn't need to stay in Vegas.
Best Days To Buy Plane Tickets Are Saturday And Sunday, Study Finds While it may be too late to book your Memorial Day weekend travel, it's always good to know how to travel on a smart budget
Kick Off Your Clothes and Inhibitions - Nude Sunbathing Season Starts Memorial Day Weekend Americans naturally think Europeans are more sophisticated when it comes to sunbathing \au naturel.\ The reality is, however, that the U.S. has some of nicest, most popular, well managed, and friendliest nude sunbathing resorts in the world.
In Search of Pura Vida Pura vida means to live life with a deep appreciation for everything around you, despite your circumstances. It is the recognition that everything is full of life -- from a small frog, to a young kid on the street selling jewelry, and that everything is worthy of deep respect.
A Cyclist's Guide to Puglia The best places to eat and visit while on vacation in Puglia, according to worldly and well-travelled Puglia native and former professional cyclist Antonello Losito.
The Next Big Thing Love the thrill of downhill sports? Lose your woolly socks and thermal fleece and get ready for sandboarding -- arguably the coolest new way to have fun on a beach or desert getaway.
Gastronomic B&B Getaways Along Maine's Coast The historic lighthouses and quaint seaside villages of Maine's storied coastline have always drawn visitors far and wide. Now, its plentiful farmers' markets, craft beer scene, innumerable eateries and ocean-to-table seafood are attracting travelers looking for a delicious foodie experience.
Memorial Day Travel Expected To Decline For 2013 As U.S. Vacationers Hit Road, Grounded By High Fares The average distance traveled is expected to stretch to 690 miles, 48 miles more than last year's average. Short trips, those
San Francisco Highlights For 16 consecutive years, Conde Nast Traveler has voted the City by the Bay as the one of the best cities in the U.S.
Another Reason Not to Get Behind the Wheel After a Nip If the officer asks any questions, you can respectfully decline to answer. Answers to simple questions can get you in a heap of trouble.
5 Best Destinations for Female Travelers While it's true that bad things happen even in the safest corners of the globe, by and large these countries top our list for female-friendly hotspots.
A Ritual of Refreshing Restraint I went to my first Japanese tea ceremony today. Actually, it was my first tea ceremony, period. Big whoop, you might think, except that six months ago I would have balked at such an opportunity. Before moving to Singapore last year, I was an avowed anti-tea-ite.
World's Strangest Beaches (PHOTOS) Here are some alternative beach destinations. Read more on weather.com
The Essential \Optional\ Trekking Accessory Packing guides will often list trekking poles as \optional,\ but they are lying to you. They are as important as a backpack, if not more -- after all, backpacks can't really double as lightsabers to aid in the settling of disputes.
A River Runs Through It \Sun and surf\ might be the stuff of summer, but that doesn't mean a trip exclusively to the beach is in order. Some of our
Around The World In 80 Sports I was scared to try white-water kayaking. Flat scared. I heard my Rogue River rafting/camping guide's somber warning about evacuations and was chilled. If I got hurt, it would not be a quick hop in an ambulance to a hospital.
9 Popular (Mis)Conceptions About Istanbul You can love it or hate it but Istanbul probably won't leave you indifferent. It's one of the most visited cities on earth and there are nearly as many opinions about it as there are visitors.
Personalize Your Miami Art Experience (PHOTOS) Susana Baker founded The Art Experiences in 2009 to provide intimate exposure to an area that explodes with life and thousands of pedestrians during the popular Wynwood Second Saturday Art Walks.
The Politics of Discretion in Little Places I'm sitting here in The Queen Mary Pub in a small town deep in South Florida, on the fringes of the Everglades. It's nearly midnight and I find myself alone at the bar reading C.S. Lewis's \Perelandra.\
U.S. Food Trails Road-trip dining has undergone a much-needed makeover, thanks to the rising popularity of food trails. Believe us, greasy
Turkish Airlines Flies To Wrong Continent It was only after several hours of flying that the couple realized their final destination was \up in the air,\ so to speak
13 Places to Eat Near Notre Dame Our 13 favorite places to eat near the great cathedral.
Born to Explore Ever since cavemen realized that they could impress cave women with their fancy footwork, somebody's been dancing. Unfortunately for me and my two left feet, the rhythm gene was misplaced. How do I engage with these cultures while not offending the gods of rhythm and blues?
Qantas Airlines Book Series, 'Stories For Every Journey' Last The Duration Of Your Flight There is something to be said for reading a good book on a long flight, but what if this book was designed specifically for
Ballooning the World's Oldest Desert No trip to Namibia is complete without ascending the skies over the majestic Namib.
Who Volunteers in Haiti? I remember the first time I prepared to go to Haiti -- I told an acquaintance about the trip and they responded with a sincerely puzzled, \why are you going there?\ I didn't have a good answer other than that it felt right to take action.
Ramallah, Palestine's De Facto Capital Sadly, Christian churches throughout the Middle East are suffering from the rise of extremist Muslim groups. The Lutheran
Sistine Chapel Pickpockets Prey On Vatican Tourists; Guides May Strike For Better Security According to The Telegraph, tourists gazing upward in wonder at Michelangelo's painted ceiling are easy work for the light
Hotels for Mixing Business With Pleasure These properties are sure to please any productive vacationers, so you'll have just the right mix of business with pleasure. Enjoy your bizcation!
72 Hours in Toronto With an expansive lakefront, bustling business district and renowned entertainment scene, Toronto shines in summer. If you are planning a trip to Canada's largest city, use these five tips for hidden secrets from a local and make your trip one to remember.
Just A Friendly Reminder That Summer Is Coming It's happening, people. (Credit
Common Mistakes That Will Make You Miss Your Flight Of course, TSA holdups are also an issue for those flying pretty much anywhere in the United States. For ideas on making
Nablus Like any Palestinian city, the skyline of Nablus is dotted with black water towers. Palestinian buildings can be identified
Jews and Muslims Sharing Abraham in Hebron Like they pray at the Western Wall of their destroyed temple in Jerusalem, Orthodox Jews pray at the foundation wall of their
10 Memorial Day Getaways NOT on the Beach (PHOTOS) Memorial Day weekend is just around the corner, and with it comes the official kick-off of the summer season. When that Friday
America's Top 10 Memorial Day BBQs Ah, Memorial Day... The last weekend in May marks the beginning of summer, and the unofficial way to celebrate is by firing
The Problem of Refugees in Palestine In the very poor refugee camp of Balata kids don't have computers or the Internet at home. But they can spend a few pennies
Waitress's $1,000 Tip From Stranger Funds Dream Vacation To Italy (PHOTO) Some backstory, provided on the Tumblr, explains the waitress in question is Casual Cynic's mom, who had mentioned her Italian
Men vs. Women At Triposo, we're all about spontaneity when it comes to travel. We think that getting out there and experiencing a culture
The New Discovery Route in Wine Coast Country The Discovery Route is perfectly situated along the California coast, midway between Los Angeles and San Francisco and is the ideal getaway for vacationing families or couples seeking the experience of a lifetime.
A Vegetarian in Vienna Vienna is famous for its bistro culture, where you while away afternoons with shots of espresso, slices of pastry and conversation.
Tahiti's Heiva Festival Showcases Traditional Polynesian Culture \Just as you would go to Rio to experience Carnival, you must come to Tahiti to see Heiva. It's unique, huge and marvelous.\
Quito's Strangest Museum Is Definitely Off the Beaten Path For tourists who are visiting Ecuador and can't afford a trip to the Galapagos, the giant tortoise shell in Rodrigo Due\u00f1as' recently opened science museum in downtown Quito is a good way to get close.
Scenes From an Italian Restaurant Our Family Style feast was incredible. We ordered nothing, and ate everything. Pasta, vegetables, meats, cheeses, tomatoes -- each simple dish was more sumptuous than the last, the ingredients fresh and colorful as a box of crayons.
5 Hotels Where You'll Run Into Celebrities at The Cannes Film Festival Whether in town for business or pleasure, celebs are more than happy to take time out of their busy schedules to jet off to the South of France for the Cannes Film Festival. So if you want to \coincidentally\ run into one of them, here's where to do it.
New American Airlines Planes Give Foreign Carriers Serious Competition Delta, too, has reconfigured many of its trans-continental 767's and 757's with lie-flat business class seats and in-seat
Discovering The French Countryside On A River Cruise Naysayers of escorted trips question whether travelers can have authentic experiences as part of a group. Au contraire, river cruise is one of the most enjoyable and economical ways to discover the French countryside.
The Beauty of Palestine Many restaurants have a main room for men and a family room for women and children. My guide talked this place into letting
Political Art Decorates the Wall / Security Barrier Much of the art along the wall has a David and Goliath theme, with slingshot-wielding boys tormenting well-armed troops. When
May Is the Best Month in Paris Tourists in May in Paris can have a great time -- hotels are cheaper, lines are shorter, and restaurant waiters are nicer.
Global Yodel Follows an Adult Adults thought they had the upper hand when they started spying openly on the teens around them and recording their adolescent antics using the #followateen hashtag.
The World's Scariest Airport Runways (PHOTOS) In order to reach some of the world\u2019s most beautiful and remote locations, tourists may have to deal with a few scary takeoffs
A Few of Our Favorite Breweries Travelers, if you're in these cities and need some suds, consider these well-brewed destinations for a flavorful pint of repose.
Travelers, Get Ready to Choke Down Even More Fees Is a small surcharge on your fast-food bill a reasonable thing?
Signature Airport Specialties The best airports in the world do everything well, but some stand out for specific areas of expertise. From convenience to shopping to culture, these nine airports each do one thing exceptionally well -- so well that you might end up going out of your way to score a layover.
Gay American Travelers There's never been a better time to be a gay traveler. The Bureau of Consular Affairs is making sure that U.S. citizens have access to accurate and current LGBT-specific information when planning overseas travel.
Take a Spin Around Manger Square Here's a spin tour of Bethlehem's Manger Square, which fronts the Church of the Nativity. Sorry about the noisy wind buffeting
Palestine's Complicated Borders A big bold red sign marks the point where any road in Area B passes into Area A. It declares that passing this point is dangerous
Top 5 Reasons Why You Should Plan to Be at the 2014 World Cup I had never understood the power of soccer to unite a country transcend all differences of race, class and region until I spent time in Brazil during the 2010 World Cup in South Africa.
Romantic Eco-Friendly Stays (PHOTOS) For those who love tree-hugging just as much as they love snuggling up with that special someone, we've found the best hotels for environmentally-friendly duos who don't want to skimp on romance.
Outdoor Dining The best spots to grub down outdoors this summer.
What Really Goes On Inside Nudist Resorts While the term 'clothing optional' may have different definitions at different nudist resorts, there is one practice that seems to be standard across the board
A Traveler's Worst Nightmare You've been looking forward to your European jaunt for months; you're all packed; you board the plane; you register at the hotel; you do some sightseeing; you eat dinner at a rooftop restaurant overlooking the city; the next morning you have a scratchy throat; by nightfall you have a fever.
Street Genius in New Orleans Music mavens from around the Globe descend on the bayou every spring to experience NOLA's carefully curated voodoo mash-up of American music, food and hospitality. Laissez Bon Temps Roulette.
America's Best Beer Cities (PHOTOS) See More of America's Best Beer Cities More from Travel + Leisure
Best Airline For 2013? J.D. Power & Associates' Most Satisfying Carriers Are JetBlue, Alaska Airlines The company's \2013 North American Airline Satisfaction Study,\ released earlier this week, ranks each of North America's
Bethlehem Bethlehem could be considered the fourth most holy site in Islam, as Muslims consider Jesus a major prophet and have a special
A Little Christian Fellowship in O Little Town of Bethlehem Late on my first night in Palestine, after dinner with my guides, I came back to my hotel and met a dozen Lutheran pastors
Palm Springs Dry air, year-round sunshine and healing mineral waters have been drawing the glitterati to Southern California's desert playland ever since the first hotel opened here in 1886.
Jeffrey Milstein's 'Flying' Series Uncovers The Beauty In Airports (PHOTOS) Say what you will about airports, but unless you appreciate Bose kiosks and shoe shine stands on a deeper level than the
Iceland's Northern Lights, Demystified Iceland is one of the world's most accessible spots for viewing the northern lights, making it one of the country's top tourist attractions. So what is the best way to go about seeing the phenomenon?
Airplane Etiquette Keep these tips in mind as you prepare for your next flight.
Great All-Inclusive Cruises (PHOTOS) On most cruise ships, your accommodations, standard meals, entertainment, and daytime activities are included in your fare
Chasing Bullfights Now, if the photo had been of an ordinary matador I might have blown it off. Gold-embroidered jacket, red cape, ballet slippers, sharp sword, ho hum. But a man on horseback, head-to-head with an angry bull?
Lessons From Ladakh I first heard of Ladakh in the early 1990s when anthropologist Helena Norberg-Hodge, on a book tour, spoke of her decade's worth of experiences in this remote region north of the Indian Himalayan range.
Memorial Day Travel 2013 The findings represent a positive move towards more balanced lifestyles, particularly after a quarter of American workers
Best Places for a Bachelor or Bachelorette Bash New Orleans, La. Recommended for
My Tasty First Hour in Palestine Leaving Israel I took a cab to the Security Barrier, then walked through the lonely no man's land, which reminded me of the
Wrapping Up Israel Israel feels as affluent as the USA. There is the ever-present security dimension of the country, which is hard to escape
Born to Explore While on a shoot for Born to Explore in India, one of the highlights of my trip was the opportunity to learn about India's national obsession -- cricket. The fact that I would actually swing a bat and play had me really excited.
Bruges is Beyond Beautiful Bruges this past month was perfect for the kind of trip I wanted and needed, and even if I hadn't been researching a book
Call of the Wild From ancient temples crawling with monkeys and rats to desolate beaches teeming with exotic wildlife, here are 10 unusual places to connect with nature.
How to Speak with a British Accent (VIDEO) I'm in London right now. And as I walk through the streets I can't help but to mimic the accents I hear. But the honest truth is that I'm not so good at it!
Take the Aquatic Highway to Florida State Parks On Florida's west coast, a segment of the Intracoastal Waterway serves as a gateway to some of the state's most beautiful state park getaways.
Surefire Ways to Get Mugged on Vacation Flashing a wad of cash in public is like sending a gold-embossed invitation to would-be muggers. Not only are you telling
Gorgeous Napa Vineyards California's Napa Valley attracts plenty of visitors each year with its gorgeous scenery, gourmet eats, and, of course, some
Best U.S. Cities For Affordable Getaways (PHOTOS) Even as the economy shows some signs of improvement, plenty of travelers still want to maximize value. According to the Traveler
Bring Adventure Back to Europe This is the opportune moment for Europe. While economies stagger, tourism has never been more alluring, more important, for both the traveler and the destination. We can re-imagine, re-brand, and retrofit to bring back the thrills that once defined the continent.
6 Sweet Southern Charms of St. Simons Island Visiting St. Simons Island is like taking a deep breath of all that is good and wholesome about living by the sea.
Seek Inner Peace Australian Style With Hugh Jackman Hugh Jackman is looking for inner peace. I stumbled upon this fact while atop a hill on Australia's Gold Coast where I am trailing behind the most enthusiastic organic gardener I have ever met. We have come to Gwinganna, a wellness center that has perfected the art of peace for visitors.
6 Places to Spend a Night at the Museum Six can't-miss museum sleepovers around the country.
Sketches of Sunset Park, Brooklyn In April I spent a week in Sunset Park, a Brooklyn neighborhood and the title of a Paul Auster novel. I walked around the city's namesake park, where you can see kissing couples obstructing the jagged faraway profile of Manhattan.
How to Maximize Time and See the World I've spent the past six years developing my career and averaging between four to six international trips a year for pleasure--without breaking the bank or exceeding my paid-time-off limits. I can say, with certainty, yes. How? In this first article, I'll address maximizing time.
Twelve Days in Heaven (aka Botswana), Part 2 -- Vumbura Plains Camp [PHOTOS] I spent 12 magical days in Botswana exploring four camps -- Chitabe, Vumbura Plains, Abu and Mombo -- in various regions of the Okavango Delta. Each had its own personality and exciting wildlife adventure. I started my trip at Chitabe Camp, and now... Vumbura Plains
Never Use A Treadmill Again Getting fit doesn't have to be on your to-do list after you travel. While many hotels offer state-of-the-art cardio and strength
Rudest Things People Do in Airports -- By Caroline Costello You Might Also Like
The Amazing 'Hippopotabus' Did you ever imagine a yacht on wheels? Well, my father did, though now you see such things on our roads and highways all the time. We call them \RV's.\ Along with his many achievements in his remarkable life, my father invented the first luxury RV.
ANA Airways Gives Visitors a 360\u00b0 Look Into Japan ANA had a tough time this year with the grounding of their shiny new fleet of Boeing 787 Dreamliners. Recently they've been given the go ahead for test flights and should soon be cleared for passengers again.
Wild Night Ride Fueled by Pot, Puke and the Dead By the time we made it to a rest stop and a McDonald's in Van Buren, Arkansas I was sick of the Grateful Dead.
Win the Backseat Wars With Your Kids (VIDEO) Of course we'd never resort to threatening our kids in the car to make them behave. Nuh-uh. But redirection will only get you so far. Then things devolve so quickly into backseat anarchy that the hapless driver is rendered powerless in mediating disputes. What should you do?
The 12 Trendiest Hotel Bars Across the U.S. (PHOTOS) Many hotels have on-site bars, even if they're merely situated in the glorified outskirts of the lobby, where guests can
The Most Likely Places To Lose Your Phone While Traveling Someone in America loses a cell phone or has one stolen about every 3.5 seconds, most often in a coffee shop, followed (unsurprisingly
Where to See the World's Most Dangerous Animals Name three dangerous animals. If you're the average person in America, your list probably includes sharks, snakes, bears or maybe even mountain lions. While all of these animals are efficient killing machines in their own right, three of them (guess which!) should barely register as a threat.
Beyond the Running of the Bulls In recent years, other fiestas like Valencia's tomato-throwing bash, La Tomatina, have made the international tourist radar and now draw visitors from around the world.
Does the Timeshare Industry Love Ignorant Customers? Which industries truly benefit from informed consumers? Are there any in the travel industry that actively try to educate their customers?
What's New in Burgundy? We have been visiting Burgundy for fifteen years, and although wine has been made here since the first century AD and tradition reigns strong, there is always something new afoot in the original home of Pinot Noir and Chardonnay.
World's Most Popular Countries PHOTOS of the top 10 most-visited countries in the world [per World Bank]
5 Favorite Summer Spots in New York Those of us in Travelzoo's New York office are eagerly awaiting summer and its street festivals, rooftop lounges and concerts at Central Park. However, we're far from the only ones who love these spots, and sometimes we need a break from the crowds.
Costa Rica, better watch your back! Mother Nature shows off in Honduras, too Honduras is more than twice the size of Costa Rica, has double the protected area and is easier to get to from the United States. The only real difference, says James Adams, the head naturalist at The Lodge at Pico Bonito, is \Costa Rica is more savvy at marketing.
And Now for a Woman Traveler's Take on Women in Egypt Here in Egypt, I'm finding out that although the current definition of rights, freedom, and respect may seem to differ a bit compared to my home, many women are finding ways to express themselves religiously and politically loud and clear.
In Sedona \Everywhere is Beautiful\ With the macho pride of desert dwellers, Arizonans remind visitors that everything here will either poke, bite, sting or burn. It is easy to believe. What is more difficult to fathom, but trust me it's true, is that in Sedona, \everywhere is beautiful.\
7 Tips for Flying With an Autistic Child Experts say that preparation and practice is the key to a successful flight. Here are seven tips for making your child feel as comfortable as possible.
Hotel In a Box Lately we've noticed a profusion of cubes in the world of hotel design -- modern, self-contained pods set in some of planet's most otherworldly landscapes.
A Very Welcoming Independence Day The tradition each Independence Day in Israel is for friends and families to have big barbecue feasts. Our friend's daughter
Best Frequent Flyer Programs For 2013 A bizarre truism about frequent flyer miles is that the easier they are to get ahold of, it seems, the harder they are to
Gwyneth Paltrow Travel App If you're tired of using the Internet to find the best, coolest, hippest places to hang out in a new city, you can now skip
Top 10 Infinity Pools on the Caribbean Sea (PHOTOS) The beach, the pools, the view - these are major reasons why we travel to the Caribbean. And when we can get all in one, that's
Five Incredibly Hot Venues Around the World to Hit Up This Summer Even if you're not abroad or in an unfamiliar city, there are places that are simply so high-brow or underground that you would not know about them even if you've lived in the same city for your entire life.
Slum Tourism The practice, however, has stirred a great deal of controversy, with critics accusing the industry of \turning poverty into
Yad Vashem's Children's Memorial It's hard to really imagine the extermination of six million people. And it's hard to imagine that roughly a quarter of these
Europe's Most Historic Hotels Pirate Queens, famous authors, scheming politicians and celebrities of days past and present have walked through these corridors -- and now you can, too.
Seville Two summers ago, my friend, Clay Cohn, and I embarked on what we call an epic journey. Our itinerary was gutted with heritage sites across Andalusia.
One Insane Day in Albania. (Yes, Albania.) Color is coming back to the now-independent free-market democracy. A bit of the Balkan Peninsula, it's only slightly larger than Maryland. But there's variety inside that space, including a mountain-studded interior and an unspoiled Adriatic coastline.
The Contradictions of Austin Austin's strange mixture of cultures and ideologies, at what I'll call its early stages, plays out in funny ways.
Cheap Flights Via JetBlue And Southwest, But You'll Have To Buy Soon Looking for cheap flights and willing to buy your tickets quick? Some of the days are blacked out (May 23 - 27) and many
Expat Recovery Room Art can often transcend mere exploration and provide a hub or junction point where seemingly disparate cultures find a vision of harmony and proof of their shared humanity, sometimes when little else does.
Bogota With all the new attention Colombia's been getting, I'm finding myself overwhelmed with trying to keep up with all the requests of friends -- and friends of friends -- for local insights into Bogota's vibrant restaurant and nightlife scene.
5 Magnificent May Getaways In much of North America, May marks the tail end of shoulder season -- that delicious spot just before summer temperatures and prices rise. Right now is an ideal time for a last-minute getaway. Here are five destinations that are ideal in May.
When It Is Not OK To Take An Airline Upgrade According To Dear Prudence (Video) Can you accept an airline upgrade only for yourself while traveling with a romantic partner? Read more on www.slate.com
An American Tourist in Seoul What was remarkable about the visit was how unremarkable it was. The lack of outward concern, the minimal departure from the daily routine, the refusal to stop traveling, reveling, shopping and dining -- this was as revealing as any protest could have been about life in South Korea.
Hotel Butlers Let You Live Like Lord of the Manor Sadly, Downton Abbey is over for the season. But it is still fun to fantasize about how great it would be to have a personal staff to take on all those tedious daily tasks, such as pouring one's own coffee or filling one's bathtub.
Not So Shiok! Shiok, if you aren't familiar with this part of the equator, is a local slang in Singapore that describes all feelings that's fantastic, indescribable or sensational
The Mediterranean's 10 Best Hidden Beaches With it's picturesque villages, laid-back lifestyle and world-famous cuisine, it's no wonder that the Mediterranean has been a go-to destination for summertime travelers for years. Here's a list of the top hidden beaches, tucked away in secluded corners and closely guarded by locals.
Amplifying the Voices of Central American Farmers Do you drink coffee? Do you think about where that coffee comes from, and who harvests those beans? Do you consider how much you pay for your morning fix, and how that impacts the salary those farmers make?
The Beatles 50th Anniversary In celebration of the ultimate boy band, here are 16 must-see Beatles' attractions in Liverpool and London. Click away, Day Trippers!
Finding Hidden Gems in California Most families are probably beginning to pencil out summer vacation plans and I encourage you to put away the pencil and write, \Half Moon Bay\ on your calendar in pen. While I am normally good at keeping secrets, this one warrants a shout-out from the rooftops.
5 Right and Wrong Ways to Get Your Flight Attendant's Attention WRONG
Forget Brunch It happens every year -- suddenly it's May and you have NO idea what to do for Mother's Day. We've got you covered.
Gay-Friendly Vacation Spots As more countries propose legislation to legalize same-sex marriage, destinations and travel companies are increasingly marketing
War and Peace From this Syrian military post, named \High and Mighty,\ Syrians looked down on Israel's primary water source and shelled
Fabled Jerusalem Enjoying the view from the Mount of Olives, you see the glittering golden Dome of the Rock, which marks the summit of Temple
Christian Tourists Flock to the Sea of Galilee From the Sea of Galilee (700 feet below sea level), the Jordan River flows south watering the fertile and strategic Jordan
A Taste of Israel's Bounty Sitting down to our first lunch in Israel, in the Crusader town of Akko, we were treated to a typical and colorful array
Your Weekly Travel Zen And to see our past featured Moments of Travel Zen... Where have you traveled for a moment of zen? Email travel@huffingtonpost.com
Everything You Ever Wanted To Know About Buying Airfares Cheap So what's the difference? For one thing, online travel agencies have toll-free numbers with agents standing by to help you
Flying Business Class For Thousands Less Needless to say, you'll also have to pay taxes on the \free\ ticket, and there may be other fees involved, which could set
Egypt Looking To Boost Tourism, Welcomes Bikinis And Booze \We had talks with these Salafi groups and now they understand the importance of the tourism sector, but still you have some
5 Steps to a Stress-Free Family Vacation 4. Build in flexibility. You can plan a perfectly optimized schedule for how to cram every important experience into your
A Room with a Show -Julia Dilworth, HotelsCombined.com Have you ever stayed at a hotel where the pool maintenance crew was also the evening
Puebla Outside Mexico, Puebla may be best known for the battle in 1862. It was on the 5th of May that year -- giving rise to today's annual Cinco de Mayo celebrations
The Life and Not-So Crazy Times of a Travel Writer Here are 10 things that I would like to, though never will, read in a travel writer's or blogger's bio.
10 Reasons to Shop Dubai Although Abu Dhabi now boasts a few big swanky shopping centers, Dubai, with its scores of malls and atmospheric bazaars is still the region's King of Shopping. Here's my Ultimate Dubai Shopping Guide.
Ten Foodie Surprises in Orlando, Florida Orlando is actually quite the foodie town, with chef-driven menus and farm to table restaurants. So, if the mouse is the only thing you're going to Orlando to see, well, you're missing out.
Yes, You Can Home Swap--Si Se Puede! As you begin thinking about vacation and wondering if you can make a home swap happen, let me be the first to tell you, \Si se puede!\
Why Do People Back Up into Parking Spaces? This question originally appeared on Quora. Answer by Ben Reimers, Student of Everything See how the car is crossing the
Coolest Hotel Amenities in the Hamptons Take a look at these hotel perks that make weekends away in the Hamptons even better!
New Orleans and All Its Jazz The stately, 48-story, 1,100-room Sheraton New Orleans at 500 Canal Street is centrally located and just steps away from
5 Las Vegas Clubs to Experience in 2013 (PHOTOS) From longtime favorites to lesser-known gems, to the hottest up-and-comings, we're certain a night at any of these awe-inspiring nightclubs will make your next trip to Sin City one for the books.
Tips for Booking Summer Airfare Deals 2. Plan around holidays
10 Authentic Desert Islands in the Caribbean While touristy Caribbean hotspots like Negril, Playa del Carmen, and Nassau are still perennial favorites, the Caribbean is home to dozens of idyllic desert islands. Check out this little list of the Caribbean's best desert islands as chosen by real travelers on minube.
Healthy Travel Staying fit on the road is never easy, particularly when it comes to eating well. Many of us let our diets go out the window
Best Places to Travel After a Divorce (PHOTOS) \I went through a bad divorce with a lot of heartache,\ says Lucie Muns, who went surfing in Costa Rica following her split
10 Last Minute Mother's Day Getaway Deals Your mother is the most important person in your life. After all, you wouldn't be here if it weren't for her. Don't you think
Amazing Places Cost Nothing (BOOK EXCERPT) Herbert Ypma, the creator of the HIP Hotels series (that stands for highly individual places) is at it again, this time with
Global Entry -- Hurrah! Something wonderful has been introduced for international travelers and you need it. Global Entry, I love you.
Home Is Where the Local Is We reached out to our contributors and asked them to share pictures of their homes. Click through the slideshow below to meet a speedo-clad man named Cloudy Cloud, see a LA pillow fight and learn what happens when a group of travelers take over a 4,000-square-foot warehouse.
What to know before you go to Cuba What are the people like in Cuba? No vaccinations are required to enter Cuba. And although the food in most restaurants is
Our 12 Favorite Hotel Bars For After-Work Drinks (PHOTOS) Hotel bars are often a convenient spot for a nightcap or a quick after-work drink (anything to take the edge off!) while
Wildlife Vacations If you enjoy getting up close and personal with some of nature's most incredible animals, then we have some potential vacation
Cinco de Mayo For most of America, the grills, pools and sunscreen come out at the end of May when the official kick off of the summer season -- Memorial Day Weekend -- commences.
Welcome to the Holy Land The Israeli coast from Tel Aviv to the border of Lebanon is dotted with interesting sights. The thriving city of Haifa is home to the main temple of the Baha'i Faith.
Adorable Dogs Hanging Out In Suitcases (PHOTOS) Sometimes it can be rather amusing to search through stock imagery and see what you find. It's even better when you stumble
What's So Great About the End of Ski Season? Although we love to ski and can't wait for the next season to begin, we don't want to wait as long to come back to America's mountain resorts. One of its best-kept secrets is that when the snow disappears, the fun doesn't.
Buying Local Through North Carolina Sometimes finding locally owned places can be a problem, but not in this part of North Carolina. The area was filled with local, healthy options to try.
Amazing Places to Swim With Sharks! Nothing sends ocean swimmers fleeing for shore faster than a fin sighting. For some brave souls, however, the thrill of floating alongside these big fish far outweighs the fright. Here are the best places in the world to get nose-to-snout with sharks.
Combating Rhino Poaching Whatever the end result of the debate on rhino poaching, a variety of solutions clearly need to be explored because if the pace of poaching continues to accelerate, Africa's rhino could be extinct in the wild in just 20 years.
Tokyo's Cutest Patisserie Only in Tokyo can you have your cake and wear it, too! Popular Japanese jewelery maker Q-Pot has branched out into the patisserie business, cooking up the hottest -- and cutest -- new cake shop in the city.
Why Do Airlines Make a Big Deal Out of Single Piece Baggage Weight Limits? Think of it this way, there are hundreds of pieces (on large international flights) having different weights being stuffed
Summer Road Trips Summertime is fast-approaching and we can't wait till the days of top-down convertibles, cover-ups and flip-flops dress codes
The Most Luxurious Hotels in South America (PHOTOS) South America is home to some of the world's most luxurious hotels. Whether you want to sit beachside in Rio De Janeiro or
Paris, Jerusalem And Florence The cities of Florence, Jerusalem and Paris all have psychiatric disorders associated with them - and tourists are the most
No Barriers on the Samana Peninsula of the Dominican Republic We ride through forests of magnificent palms, up steep concreted stone steps that honestly remind me of the Inca Trail. In between the steps swirl pumpkin-colored mud that the horses occasionally slip in.
Al Gawahra Village For me, part of the allure of a place like Egypt is to go back in time by visiting a village. And I really need a good village experience to balance out the silent ancient stones and chaotic concrete urban scenes for the new TV shows.
Sporty Single Mom Getaways Days are getting longer, the mercury is rising and kids are getting antsy for school to end. It's time to start thinking about family getaways. A unique proposition for single moms.
Long-haul Flights and Tuning Your Time Zone Tolerance Here are a few strategies and tips for securing the best value on your airline ticket, preparing for time zone shock, and some mind and body exercises you can do while flying.
Worst Tourist Traps The Tower of London. Times Square. The Taj Mahal. Between crowds, queues and inflated admission costs, hitting the world's
Is Being a Flight Attendant the Worst Job in 2013? Do your research before just applying to any airline. Each one of them has a different definition of how and what your seniority means and how it'll affect your life. Make the right choice for you.
In Support of 'Not Quite' Sustainable Travel If we want true wholesale change, we must give merit to those that have earned it, but we must also support those that are trying, especially in these difficult economic times.
Surprising, Smart Secrets Of Top Travel Pros \u2022 Slip the Sephora Instant Depuffing Eye Mask (sephora.com) under your sleep mask on flights and you'll arrive looking fresh
Route 66, a Vanishing Hitchhiker and Starting Over The L.A.-Chicago route which also was called \America's Main Street,\ is literally the main street in Moriarity, New Mexico. It runs parallel to Interstate 40, which I am hitchhiking today.
Summer Travel Tipping Recommendations Not knowing \who\ and \how much\ to tip can end up costing you more in uncertainty, embarrassment and cash. Here are commonly asked questions and also a General Tipping Guide when traveling in the United States.
Natural Hot Springs Destinations (Photo Courtesy of Blue Lagoon) Mineral baths, therapeutic mud, volcanic springs--when it comes to hydrotherapy, nobody provides
Backpacking Supplies Getting ready for a backpacking trip is an art. You have to fit everything you need to survive into a bag that looked a whole
The Best Way to Eat While Flying From how to crash the business class lounge to the best in-flight cocktails, former New York Times Frugal Traveler Matt Gross shares his air-travel tips
My Top 5 Restaurants in London On a budget? Don't come to London. Already in London on a budget? Start crying. This city is one huge cash removal zone -- either put up or shut up.
The Queen's Abdication at the Royal Palace Amsterdam As she arrives to the Palace, the Queen would look up at the sculpture of Atlas carrying the heavens on his shoulder for the last time and perhaps feel a sense of relief that all the weight of the Netherlands will be off her shoulders.
West Bank Necropolis Across the Nile from Luxor is a valley with more ancient treasures than any place I've seen. I spent a long day visiting tombs and temples to find the best places for my upcoming TV episodes on Egypt.
Sleeping in the Stacks? In the picturesque Welsh village of Hawarden, about three hours travel time from London, a stunningly beautiful residential library has stood as a national monument to British prime minister William E. Gladstone for over a century.
How to Take a Rickshaw Tour of Tokyo Here in Japan, the rickshaw is back -- part of a nostalgic rush as Japanese rediscover the romance of their own culture.
Only in Denver In my continuing quest to find the unique, the one-off, the rare, I visited Denver, Colorado which, I'm happy to report, is a veritable repository of such specimens. Here are top the five things you will only find in Denver.
Read Your Way to a Food and Wine Destination Despite the easy access of information on the web, we are still fans of paper and longer form narrative, and turn to books for inspiration in travel.
5 Ways to Satisfy Your 5 Senses in Budapest Whether you prefer the quiet sophistication of classical music and museums or a raucous night on the town, Budapest will satisfy all of your senses.
Coolest Hotel Eco Perks We don't mind sacrificing a little comfort during our travels if that means reducing our carbon footprint. But then again
Beautiful Sunsets Around The World (PHOTOS) Sunset over Gulf St Vincent by kasand kasand Lonsdale, Australia It's almost hard to believe reality can be this beautiful
Your Weekly Travel Zen This week's Moment of Travel Zen comes to us from Louise Gibney, a travel blogger, of Northampton in England. I head to London
10 Incredible Parks You Can't Miss If you're backpacking, or on a leisurely vacation, chances are you want to experience the destination in all its glory. Often the first places that enthused travelers are itching to check out are historical monuments, museums, clubs, bars, and restaurants.
What to Do When You're In Portland With beautiful, natural surroundings mixed in with its trendy shops and bars, Stumpdown doesn't disappoint. Take a look at some our of favorite things to do in the gorgeous Oregon city.
A Single Day in Luxor Returning to Luxor we crossed lush farmland of alfalfa, sugar cane, and wheat, with irrigation ditches reminding me of how Egyptians harnessed the Nile thousands of years ago.
10 Lakeside Getaways The simple pleasures of  life can be found at lakeside retreats. Float, fish, swim, sail.  Or simply relax with a good book. Here are 10 lake locations to consider.
How to Take Your Own Passport Photo As passport application and renewal costs have risen in the past few years, one way to save a few bucks is to take your own passport photos at home.
Africa's Elusive Big Five If you've ever dreamed of going on an African safari, you've heard of the \Big Five\
My Journey \Home\ to India The most rewarding aspect of my trip was the feeling of gratitude
Can't Miss Things To Do In Europe This Summer Europe is a continent sized adventure land, mesmerizing idealistic tourists with the promise of history, romance, and memories to last a lifetime. With so many enticing options, planning your trip across the pond can be overwhelming.
Traveling During Tragedy Considering the military lockdown on D.C. post 9/11 I couldn't believe I got through security. And I couldn't believe more people weren't joining me in staring at the images on the screen. What had just happened?
Omar Borkan Al Gala, Emirati Man, Deported From Saudi Arabia For Being Too Handsome? (PHOTO) Regardless of the rumor's veracity, Al Gala seems seems happy to bask in the glow of the media attention, posting a series
12 Best Urban Rooftop Pools Deciding on a destination for an upcoming trip is never easy. While the beach and mountains may beckon, cities are a great
Alcohol On Vacation? Americans More Inclined To Give Up Booze Than Social Media Does the word \vacation\ make you think of lounging on the beach while surrounded by a small army of frozen cocktails? Think
America's Best Theme Parks Sure, Walt Disney World and Islands of Adventure make sense on a best list, but Dollywood? As in Dolly Parton? Yes ... let
Dromoland Castle Keeping current and attracting a new generation of clientele that's younger, hipper, and more impressed with technology than turrets can be a challenge for institutions \saddled\ with history where the aesthetic is floral chintz and crystal chandeliers rather than grey concrete white duvets.
Reasons to Kick That Hotel Habit [INFOGRAPHIC] Spring is prime season for wedding and graduation-related travel, as well as a great time to start planning summer vacations
Avoid The College Scene While Still Rejuvenating This Spring Delray Beach, Florida I absolutely love the quaint feel of a beach town, especially one that offers great shopping and restaurants
Could Your Son be Next? Do we really have to trade our dignity for security? The TSA is traumatizing an entire generation of air travelers.  What will the TSA do to my son the next time we go through security? What will they do to your son or daughter?
10 Budget Hotels With Personality In Paris First off, there's the Esmeralda's location, directly across the Seine from Notre Dame, with windows opening to the cathedral
On the Merits of a Cigar I just returned from Montreal where, thanks to the Jewish Book Council and to the Montreal Public Library, I spoke to a group of around 70 or 80 members, whose many intelligent questions kept the evening lively and the auditorium buzzing.
Palm Beach Treasures It's not just the sprawling mansions, 234 days of sunshine per year or days averaging 78 degrees that make Palm Beach so special. The area still draws great innovators who help create a unique place to visit. Here are just a few of the region's standouts.
Staycation Ideas Sure, soaking up the sun on an exotic beach or a fabulous dinner at a quaint little bistro in Paris sounds euphoric, but
Digital Detox Retreats At a time when a third of Americans prefer texting to talking, and 84 percent of respondents in an international poll said
Why I Like \Goldilocks\ Hotels Too small, and you won't find the amenities and services that make life on the road bearable. Too large and bustling, and you may find your stay unpleasant. I call just-right-sized properties \Goldilocks\ hotels.
Nile Cruise Three hundred elegant river cruise ships are primed and ready to take their loads of tourists on the four-day cruise. But this terrible third season after the revolution, only about 50 are working... and most of those are sailing with as few as 10 paying passengers aboard.
Virgin America's 'Seat To Seat' Service Will Send Drinks To Your Crush, Help You Flirt While Flying The airline's new \seat to seat\ feature allows travelers to buy drinks, snacks and meals and have them delivered to other
Journey to the Moroccan Sahara What triggers our fascination with the desert? It's without a doubt one of the most inhospitable places you can venture to, yet desert safaris and dune adventuring are all the rage.
Riding With the Mushers in the Alaska Iditarod, 'The Last Great Race on Earth' (SLIDESHOW) On the first weekend in March, extreme sports fans from around the world descended upon the city of Anchorage, Alaska for the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race.
La Brea Ave., Los Angeles' Eclectic International Shopping Destination Los Angeles' La Brea Avenue has become a destination all it's own with some of the city's best stores and caf\u00e9s.
Island Getaway Without a Passport If you just need to take an island trip and leave your stress behind, but don't want to deal with customs and immigration, hop on over to Key West.
10 Free Things to Do in Cagliari, Sardinia (That Won't Suck) From incredible beaches to flamingo-filled parks, Cagliari, the capital of Italy's feisty little island of Sardinia, is all about its history and shares its love for food, culture and music for free.
Gettysburg and Hershey, PA Keep these attractions in mind to see after the 150th Anniversary hoopla dies down.  Gettysburg will still be there, but the crowds won't.
10 Reasons for New Yorkers to Visit Boston This Summer Boston is on a path towards healing. But one thing New Yorkers know are the reverberating ripples of influence a terrorist attack brings not only on a city and its people, but also on its economy as a whole. Let's keep the city vibrant. Here are 10 attractions in and around Beantown.
Anfoushi, Alex, and the Market While Alexandria, or \Alex\ for short, has its ancient sites and its striking modern library, the highlight of the city for
10 Reasons To Visit National Parks Right Now Thanks to NPS for all park photos. Before it was a national park, Glacier Bay was inhabited by Alaska's Huna Tlingit tribe
Best Hotels in Mexico 2013 Courtesy of Esperanza Cabo San Lucas Punta de Mita The 10 hotels listed below represent the very best of Mexico, outshining
Luxor-The City of Palaces The vast Temple of Amun, sitting on 64 acres of land, is what guides claim is the biggest temple on earth. It honors Amun
Ten Horrible Pilots We Hope We Never Fly With There are plenty of instances where pilots have misbehaved throughout history -- some of them almost hilariously. Here is a look back at some very memorable misfeasance. After all, they're only human.
Relax Like a top athlete looking to boost performance, we all need recovery time to perform at our best. So, pace yourself and don't be afraid to turn it off.  Get some exercise and fresh air.  And quit eating lunch at your desk.  My dad would approve.
Shooting Uganda The Goats of Hope project provides children who are HIV/ AIDS infected or affected with a goat, thereby empowering them and helping them build up a life for themselves
Can't-Miss Foodie Experiences in London (VIDEO) Street food in London is becoming an increasingly popular phenomenon. The food is cheap. The food is good. And the trend provides a communal, party atmosphere that conventional dining cannot touch.
Hang Gliding Despite my fear, I'm an adventure junkie and soaring through the air using nothing but the power of the wind has long fascinated me.
Furloughs Cause Delays At Major U.S. Airports By Alwyn Scott Paul Rinaldi, president of the Air Traffic Controllers Association, said about 1,200 to 1,500 controllers
The World's Largest Swimming Pool Is Where You Want To Be Right Now It's not every day that a photo causes an audible reaction, but these pictures of the world's largest swimming pool are most
Celebrate Mother Nature at these 10 Green Hotels Today more than ever calls for some tree-hugging and eco-friendly practices, so we've picked ten of our favorite green hotels
An Unlikely Foodie Haven In The Caucasus The same hostess who lured us to Chinar, a stunning former television presenter, also led us to Sumac, said to be one of
Is This the Best Docking Spot Ever? See our entire amazing Asian cruise experience here! The Yangpu Bridge is quite a marvel at over five miles long, but the
I Flew the Dreamliner... and I Can't Wait to Again After months of grounding by the FAA, the Boeing 787 Dreamliner is poised to take flight again in the next few weeks. And
Checking Out the New LEGOLAND Hotel All rooms come with a tub bathroom, coffee maker and LEGO-themed ice bucket--but the lack of a mini fridge may annoy families
The World's Most Amazing Hikes See the complete list of the World's Most Amazing Hikes Related Content from The Active Times
Best Yoga Retreats 2013 With wellness travel gaining popularity (it's already been labeled a major tourism trend of 2013), destination yoga retreats
Top 10 Must-See Travel Destinations The 1,500-year-old pyramids, located just 75 miles from the town of Merida, may be less popular than their counterparts in
4 Principles To Packing Smart With this mindset, I started thinking about how to lighten the load I would have to carry during my circle around Latin America
9 Rules Westerners Should Remember When Visiting Japan I give you, then, nine things that every traveler to Japan should know before they get on a plane. I wish someone had shared
Open Letter to Egyptian President Mohammed Morsi I am a Protestant Christian, and a burden I bear all my life is what's called the \Protestant work ethic.\ I was just in your wonderful capital city, and my work ethic drives me to make a suggestion.
Surroundsound Egyptian Market All over the world, markets come with the charming and melodic song of merchants selling slicers, dicers, bras, and knock-off DVDs. A stroll down this lane in Cairo takes the sound of commerce to new heights. Give this a listen.
Aruba Three small Dutch islands in the southern Caribbean are huge when it comes to hosting world-class music festivals. Aruba, Bonaire and Curacao -- known as the ABC islands -- offer much more than resorts, beaches, gambling and diving.
8 Impressive Hotel Art Collections Worth A Visit (PHOTOS) When traveling around the world, tourists often have famed art museums on their lists of must-see attractions. But what if
City Nature Breaks For Celebrating Earth Day If Earth Day finds you deep within the concrete jungle, don't despair
The 5 Most Dangerous Places to Celebrate 4/20 Let's try our marijuana luck in Malaysia shall we? Well, it just so happens that this is another country it would probably be best to mark off of your bong-hit bucket list.
Alexandria, Egypt's 'Pearl of the Mediterranean' Most tourists in Egypt visit only Cairo and Luxor. Few visit Alexandria, just a three-hour drive away -- the country's second city, and one of the great cities of the Mediterranean.
10 Best European Cities for Layovers Spain's capital city has a population of more than three million, so it's no surprise that Madrid Barajas Airport is the
South Africa and the Worldwide Web of Life We need to unplug periodically to get in touch with nature and the Eden within, otherwise evolution will move on to the next stage without us.
Signing My Name to a Piece of Musical History at Red Rocks Amphitheater The thing that's so amazing about Red Rocks besides the scores of well-known names featured in the Performer's Hall of Fame, is the knee-buckling display of natural beauty and the perfect acoustics.
Hotels Where The Stars Live (PHOTOS) A stay in any of these historical hotels is a fantasy in itself, but living in one -- surely a luxury reserved for the VIPs
Can You Solve These Mysteries Of Travel? (Let's See How You Do.) Heading somewhere far off means running smack into a spectrum of new sights, new sounds, new tastes.  But along with these comes the inevitable oven-fresh batch of eye-rolling, mind-blowing, completely incomprehensible Mysteries of Travel.
Panama City's Casco Viejo On the advice of a Panamanian friend, I decided to book myself into a hotel in the Casco Viejo, also known as San Felipe or the Casco Antiguo. The Casco Viejo is the Old City of Panama and it is the city's heart and soul.
Europe's Top Business Hotels Whether you're ironing out the details of a high stakes merger or need to be connected to all four corners of the globe at once, these top business hotels are equipped to help with your every need.
LAX Airport Therapy Dogs Aim To De-Stress Los Angeles Travelers With Tail Wags, Sloppy Kisses Similar programs have launched at the Miami International Airport and the San Jose International Airport in the last several
5 Shops to Hit Up in Buenos Aires The shops of bougie Buenos Aires are often hard to navigate when you're looking to part with your pennies wisely. Hit up these five shops to make some smart purchases. They'll hook you up with things you'll be proud to wear or gift without robbing you blind.
Big Cities, Small Stays So though mega-metropolises like Buenos Aires, Hong Kong, or Los Angeles might intimidate you, fear not. You can always retreat to these intimate boutiques for some quiet time amidst the bustle of the big city.
America's Best Doughnuts As emporiums across the country continue to invent novelty confections, we can't help but think these gourmet delights are replacing cupcakes as the go-to sweet indulgence.
Kevin Smith Talks 'Fat Director' Mess And How Tiger Woods Saved Him (VIDEO) \I'm happy to say it now, it was the worst thing that ever happened to me, in my life at that point. If you can say that
Flying with Kids So why are airlines suddenly eager to penalize family travelers? According to Cynthia Drescher at Jaunted, it is because \the flyers [that are] made happier by the ban will outnumber those inconvenienced.\
Best New Hotels Of 2013 The entire list of 154 properties spans the globe, from a tiny one-suite find in Chiang Mai to a luxe safari camp in Tanzania
Anthony Bourdain Talks World Street Food Congress, 'Parts Unknown' It's no secret that, especially when traveling through Asia, Bourdain is an outspoken advocate for the virtues of chowing
Best Desserts Around the World (PHOTOS) The best places for dessert inspire you to throw out all the rules\u2014eat with moderation, save the best for last\u2014and give in to sugary bliss, no matter what the time of day.
5 Cult Classic Restaurants in San Francisco San Francisco has no shortage of trendy new restaurants, but there are some classic spots well worth seeking out too --  just don't call them tourist traps. You'll find locals here, dining out on iconic dishes that have been satiating San Franciscans for ages.
Deported For Being Too Handsome? Saudi Arabia Reportedly Boots 3 Emirati Men Over Good Looks Getting deported typically isn't something you'd brag about. Then again, most people aren't deported for being \too handsome
Random, Unpredictable Airport Security That's Not Always Awful? Only in America The government encourages \random and unpredictable\ airport security, which means that it's in the TSA's best interests to have one airport that passengers actually like and another that's universally hated.
When to Visit Amsterdam Just strolling along the cobblestone streets of Amsterdam is a wonderful way to spend a day, but we've got five activities you can't miss during your springtime trip this year. And of course, where to stay nearby.
Top Burgers Around the World Grabbing a burger abroad can be a perfect introduction to the flavors and ingredients of a foreign culinary scene in a way that is familiarly delicious. Chow down on one at these far-flung burger joints.
Cairo Social Club How does an Egyptian rise above the insanity of the streets? Get an education, hope you can marry into a good family (weddings are still generally arranged between families, and after the match is made, the hope is that love may grow), move into the suburbs, and join a social club.
Puppet Dance Of The Bahn Khot Pancake How could we not select them to participate at the Jamboree food festival component our World Street Food Congress? We see this as craft, not just diligent and good street chow, something we celebrate at this event.
Traveling Alone 4. You Can Relax As Much As You Want. Purposeful solitude can be one of the best ways to cultivate mindfulness, the targeted
Ask a Pilot Everything we've always wanted to ask a pilot -- from their biggest annoyances to whether turning off your cell phone is really that important.
The 10 Best Farmers' Markets In The U.S. (PHOTOS) We've picked out our 10 favorite farmers' markets across the states, so no matter where your spring and summer vacations take you, you'll have plenty of tasty treats to bring home.
Historical Landmark Makes for a Hip Hideaway in San Fran Have you ever noticed new hotels don't spring up often in San Francisco? So when I heard the first new hotel since 2009 had opened in April of last year and won a spot on Fodor's Top 100 hotels list already, we passed on our St. Regis reservation to stay within the walls of The Presidio.
Cherry Blossoms It cannot be overstated that in Japan, the sakura is serious business. But why are the blossoms so significant? Here's hoping you get out and enjoy them this spring -- perhaps, even, with a little more history than before.
My Five Favorite New England Inns With the arrival of spring, my thoughts invariably turn to the dune-fringed coastline, wooded hills and idyllic villages of New England. As a British friend once remarked, \In July and August, I can't imagine why Americans would want to go anywhere else in the world.\
Nine \Free\ Credit-Card Benefits You Don't Know You Have You may know about the miles or points you get on each credit-card purchase.  Many cards, however, provide other travel benefits that you might not even know you have.
Quantum Of The Seas' New Thrills At Sea Its clear Quantum of the Seas is certainly a game changer in an industry that desperately needs some good news lately.
The New Rules Of The Air New rule
American Airlines Reservation System Outage American Airlines tweeted a notice earlier today alerting customers that its booking and reservation tool was unavailable
When to fashionably Dine Around the World A city's cultural scene dictates its dinner hour. While determining the perfect time to dine is far from an exact science, our local correspondents gave us insider tips on how to join the cool kids' table.
Party Poolside Back at the Hotel The typical American traveler to Cairo will need a refuge. While I like to think I'm a rugged traveler, to be honest, I'm able to thoroughly enjoy Cairo only because I have the refuge of a towering international-class hotel.
200 Flights Grounded As American Airlines Reservation System Goes Down American, a unit of AMR Corp, said its systems were restored as of 3:30 pm CDT (2030 GMT). \Flights have resumed, but we
Check in to Classic Nightlife Picture this
People Are Overrated, Not Cities Mr. Landsel, with all that being said, I'm hoping you are starting to catch what I'm pitching. Just as our homeless population stinks, so do your arguments.
The Return to America I'm an optimistic person, generally. But after being away, I return to America experiencing this feeling of disappointment
17 Stress-Less Travel Lessons There is one rule I come back to, over and over again, and it's flexible enough that it can be applied to almost any travel quandary
737 Inspections The directive applies to models including 737-600, 737-700, 737-700C, 737-800, 737-900, and 737-900ER series aircraft. The
Take the Kids to Washington DC for Fun, Education and Value Take a walk on the African American Heritage Trail or a hike in enormous (more than 1,754 acres) in Rock Creek Park . Even the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts has daily free performances -- at 6 pm on the Millennium Stage.
America's Most Charming Accents (PHOTOS) Lintner admits that she does judge folks by their accent when she travels, but in a good way. \I trust someone with an authentic accent,\ she says, \because they're probably natives -- and so they know the best hidden places to go.\
America's Best Places To Eat Like A Local (PHOTOS) With the combined forces of our staffers and contributors, we canvassed the 50 states, happily put our stomachs to work to yield a menu of America's must-try dishes from Maine to Honolulu.
Your Weekly Travel Zen Where have you traveled for a moment of zen? Email travel@huffingtonpost.com with your travel zen or submit below. \Walking
America's Best College Bars (PHOTOS) Writer David Wood once joked that college was an amazing time--when parents fork over their savings to let kids go to a strange town and spend four years in a bar.
The Most Romantic Hotels Of The South (PHOTOS) Romance is alive and well below the Mason-Dixon line, where Southern charm makes everything seem more lovable.
Going Home to Hawaii Other than the almost indescribable scenery, one thing from the trip that will stick with me was the comment from our pilot Captain Jimmy that Kauai is the perfect antidote to the frantic pace of life.
WARNING 
America's Strangest Taxes (PHOTOS) Find out what other taxes we uncovered from coast to coast. While at times befuddling and nitpicky, these taxes also remind
How a Kidnapped East Indian Princess Brought 'The China Look' to Mexico This is the story of \La China Poblana,\ roughly meaning \The Chinese Woman of Puebla (Mexico).\ She was actually from India, and her native sari dresses wound up creating a fashion sensation in 17th century Mexico.
10 Ways To Eat For (Mostly) Free On The Road Gratis gourmet meals, complimentary appetizers, and snacks on the house aren't hard to procure -- as long as you know where to look. Here are 10 clever little tips for finding free food on the road.
Dispelling Four Misconceptions About Travel to Cuba When Beyonc\u00e9 and Jay-Z recently celebrated their five-year wedding anniversary in Cuba, their trip reignited questions about whether Americans can travel to Cuba legally. There are still many misconceptions about Americans traveling to Cuba. So, here are the facts.
Why You Should Go to Portugal Now The recession and rising unemployment may be grabbing the headlines in Portugal but, for visitors, there is much to lift the spirits. A wave of recent openings around the country present a great set of reason to visit Portugal now.
The 9 Best Boardwalks in the U.S. (PHOTOS) From Atlantic City to Santa Cruz, beach bums will strut their stuff down those sandy pathways, either taking in the views or letting loose on beachside coasters (or both!).
Top 10 Burger Restaurants in the U.S. Hamburgers are inexpensive, plentiful and all-American. But dining out on a burger doesn't have to mean you're relegated to a fast food chain.
Should I Pull Over When an Ambulance Is Coming in the Other Lane? Our goal is to bypass traffic as quickly as possible to potentially save a life. The challenge is that driving to an emergency
5 Things to Love About Napa [PHOTOS] World famous travel destination, Napa, California, is best known for its abundance of wineries. However, it's also home to a multitude of gourmet restaurants, unique shops and a vibrant live entertainment scene.
From Flamenco To Food Fights Spain is a magnificent and large country with much to discover. At the heart of Spanish culture is a passion for food and dance.
A Budget Guide to London's Soho Neighborhood London's Soho neighborhood is a microcosm for both the very best and some of the least appealing aspects of the city's life, with plush media offices, chic boutiques and some of the city's fanciest restaurants rubbing up against sex shops and scruffy bars.
5 Lighthouses Worth a Climb This Summer There's no more thrilling way to discover lighthouses than to climb their towers, step-by-step, on the same staircases used by lighthouse keepers and their families a hundred years ago.
Welcome to Cairo -- Capital of the Arab World Vast as Cairo is, it's a small world for the traveler when it comes to sights and tourist-friendly stops. Local guides, local friends, and both guidebooks I'm using all dip into the same tiny pool of a handful of sights, restaurants, caf\u00e9s, parks, concert venues, and hotels in this teeming city of 17 million.
Guide to Hitchhiking in Burma Responsible tourism can mean a lot of things, but in Burma it means getting down and dirty with locals. Hitchhiking through the country isn't the easiest way to get around, but it's definitely a backpacker badge of honor.
What the F*ck Is Gueuze? Gueuze (pronounced gooze) is the bubbly of Brussels. Although its taste is deceptive, gueuze is beer. Often called the \Champagne of Brussels,\ at its core, gueuze is lightly sweet, fruity, earthy, dry and sour with a lot of carbonation.
Alma Boutique Hotel in Tel Aviv (PHOTOS) Imagine walking in dark long corridors that lead into 15 colorful rooms, each one is different from the other. Imagine opening each room's door, not knowing what to expect. But each room is a marvelous surprise. This is how I felt while I was shooting Alma Hotel.
Funny Thing Happened On Our Way to the Vatican You've seen it in pictures. You've read about it in clever, witty blogs. But you can't fully appreciate the majesty of human endeavor until you see the Colosseum through your own eyes. Avanti!
Expat Recovery Room Going \native\ in Bermuda doesn't just mean sucking up the clear white sunlight and azure ocean breezes, but also the cedar itself. It's not the sun almondizing the skin of long term residents, it's the cedar.
$3 Million Treasure Still Waiting To Be Found Forrest Fenn an almost 82-year-old millionaire art collector and former Santa Fe gallery owner hid a treasure worth $3 million (though it might be worth more now) and the treasure is still out there waiting to be found.
Game of Thrones Locations There are a lot of special effects in the HBO blockbuster fantasy series Game of Thrones, but one thing that's never faked is the spectacular scenery. Here's our guide to where your favorite scenes were shot in real life.
The Red Stone That Stopped the Plague We're in Venice, Italy where tens of thousands of people died in a medieval plague, until one woman's faith stopped the distaster.
Japan Travel There were wonderful things to see (and eat) there and elsewhere on our trip, but somehow Inuyama made a particular impression as a perfect, and diverse, place to spend a couple of days.
Why Every Woman Should Travel Alone (At Least Once in Her Life) There are plenty of reasons to travel alone, but embarking on some Eat,Pray,Love adventure to find yourself or some hokey, new-agey, mumbo jumbo like that, is not one of them.
Egyptian Freedom... or Straitjacket? With the revolution in Egypt, freedom can be misunderstood. Locals are learning that on a busy urban street, unbridled freedom can become a straitjacket for all.
5 Vacation Ideas For Cash-Strapped Couples Want to reignite the sexual fire in your relationship? It may be time to hit the road. A survey by the U.S. Travel Association
How to Plan Your First Solo Trip So you've decided to stop waiting for company and take the plunge to travel alone. Fantastic! As you make your first foray into the world of solo travel, your mind must be boggling with questions. Use these practical tips and ideas to get started.
6 Great National Parks You've Never Visited These six lesser-known national treasures can be blissfully uncrowded while still delivering outstanding natural landscapes and wildlife viewing.
Safari on Horseback A safari on horseback is a unique and incredible experience because you are able to get so close to the animals. While wild animals may be nervous of human beings on foot or in a vehicle, they are much more relaxed around horses.
Don't Put Off Your Bucket List I took the plunge and booked my dream vacation
Mumbai As a person of East Indian descent, but an American through and through by birth and upbringing, I have always wanted to journey to the motherland to explore my Jain heritage.
Best Scenic Drives Driving can be both the most stressful and the most relaxing of activities. While there are few things more frustrating than
Who Are the World's Greatest Travelers? People have now walked, biked, hitchhiked, ballooned, any other mode of transportation you could think, to become famous, and infamous, great travelers. But who are the world's greatest travelers? Battle-tested against their peers and proven?
The Khan el-Khalili Hustle A part of any visit to a poor country like Egypt is aggressive hustling when exploring a tourist market. Cairo's Khan el-Khalili market eagerly awaits your visit. Just so you'll know what to expect, walk with me for a few minutes down its main drag.
Born to Explore  As a surf instructor, he is considered prosperous and adventurous, for pursuing a profession that is rewarding both emotionally and financially. Unlike the oft-perceived image of a 'slacker surfer', in India surfing is genuinely considered a better life.
The Best Beach Restaurants In The World Read on for a harbor restaurant that lures sailors to a small Greek island and more of our favorite places to eat at the
Infographic How much do you know about the new pope and Vatican City? Here's your infographic introduction to Vatican City and its new pope.
Soaking Up St. Lucia With its black sand beaches, lush rainforest and natural hot springs, it's no wonder we're crushing on the Caribbean island of St Lucia. We took a trip to the \sleepy south\ and found laid back resorts, natural beauty, and plenty of local flavour.
The Festival Next Door We here at Global Yodel asked our contributors to share with us photos and stories from festivals in their hometowns. We wanted to see cities come alive with visitors, lights and costumes.
Five Ways To Avoid Cruise Hell Plenty of things can go wrong on a cruise vacation. You could get seasick, or sleep through breakfast, or lose at blackjack, or puke over the rail, or god forbid be on a cruise ship that's lost power and drifting out to sea.
The Best Destinations For Cheap Spring Travel Last-minute airfare is always so expensive.
America's Meanest Airlines American Airlines's regional carrier saw improvement across all four of the categories evaluated for the 2013 AQR report
The New, And Frankly Much Better, Braniff The next day I join the Carrs for tours of the Charles Darwin Research Station (a short walk from the Red Mangrove), to a lava tunnel the size of a subway, to a giant tortoise preserve, and the beach at El Garrapatero Parque Nacional for sunset.
A Travel Snob's Review of Megabus Let's begin with this
10 Things to Consider Before You Move to a Foreign Country and Become an Expatriate Every year 6.6 million U.S. citizens call another country home. Whatever the reason for buying a one-way ticket to being an expatriate, they have some important choices to make once they get there.
Egypt I just flew from Seattle to Cairo. After being here for just a day, it seems like a week. Of course, I swung by the pyramids, got my mug shot with the Sphinx, and rode a camel. But the real fun has been feeling the pulse of post-revolutionary Egypt in the chaotic streets.
14 Festivals and Events Worth Traveling for in 2013 There's nothing quite like visiting a place when it's in the middle of a party -- especially if it's the kind of celebration that doesn't happen every year. Here's a selection of some of the must-see festivals and events happening exclusively in 2013.
The World's Most Colorful Cities (PHOTOS) \We chose to bring color to a neighborhood that did not have a tradition of that,\ says Dre Urhahn, who, with his partner
A Visit to McCall Our first day in McCall was spent getting to know this mountain town, as well as hitting the slopes on Brundage Mountain. The beauty of McCall is its close proximity to everything.
10 Terribly Overrated Destinations (And Where To Travel Instead) And where you should go instead.
A Tie? Let's Give Away Two Trips to Europe! Page through the top four finishers in our annual Tour Alum Scrapbook Contest, (and get an irresistible taste of our Spain, Turkey, Best of Europe and My Way Europe tour.) Does this inspire you to scrapbook your own trips?
Your Weekly Travel Zen And to see our past featured Moments of Travel Zen... Where have you traveled for a moment of zen? Email travel@huffingtonpost.com
6 Doily-Free B&Bs Looking for a chic, modern escape to spend the weekend? Make your way to a bed and breakfast. That's right, a B&B. Sure, some inns still have Victorian furnishings draped in doilies and teddy bears propped up on four-poster beds, but not all.
Family Voluntourism - Thoughts to Help You Start Planning! More than ever before parents are considering jumping in on the fast growing \voluntourism\ trend. Today when many parents are concerned about raising \socially conscious\ children, it's a perfect way to benefit others while also shifting perspective from their own lives.
Is It Time For Airport Security To Come Full Circle? Eventually, we will come full circle and airport screenings will devolve to where they were before 9/11. It's only a matter of time.
Following the Midnight Ride of Paul Revere Overnight, Paul Revere became one of America's greatest heroes. Today, he is practically an industry in Boston. You can tour his house, see his portrait, buy reproductions of his silver work, have a drink in his favorite tavern and even leave pennies on his grave.
10 Gorgeous Hotel Room Views (PHOTOS) During our travels around the globe, we have stayed in some pretty gorgeous rooms. But a beautiful room means nothing if it looks out at a brick wall.
The World's Strangest Natural Wonders (PHOTOS) Seeing is believing, so take our tour of the strangest natural wonders, and keep an eye out for what the powerful planetary forces may do next.
National Parks Showdown -Megan Taylor Morrison, The Active Times Click here to see more of the National Parks Showdown
Here's Why People Are So Happy in Miami I freaking love Miami. Full of the most upbeat people, crazy bright and bonkers fashion, silky white beaches. I stayed the weekend recently for a work trip, and everyone I encountered was in the best mood ever.  Even the barista at Starbucks sang my order to me. For real! But why wouldn't you?
Most Stoke-Worthy Gear for Chicks Who Rip from SIA 2013 Girls rip just as hard as guys, so it only makes sense that we cover the hottest women's gear, too. Here's what she named best of best in women's gear for next season. No better time than the present to get ready!
The Worst Place On A Cruise Ship If you ask regular cruisers, they might tell you to avoid the cigar bar or the Lido Pool area. But for me, it's the art auction area.
Desert Island Rentals For Your Summer Vacation From Puget Sound to the Caribbean, and even as far north as Sweden, private islands can be found around the world to suit your vacation vision.
Tokyo's Odaiba  Odaiba on the other side of Tokyo's Rainbow Bridge is an island of food and fun with the added perk of great views of the city, including Tokyo Tower and Sky Tree. But for Japan Fan Boys and Fan Girls, there's way more to it than that.
My Biggest Baddest Bucket List Entrance Video With such competition, slipping into a pink, full-body pig suit at a gas station to demonstrate Newtown's quirky attire did not daunt me, neither did barging into a tattoo shop, or chasing down a group of stylish punks for an interview.
Top 5 Island Destinations This Summer With Taleee's Consensus Engine technology we've scoured the Web and social media and tallied up traveler opinion to bring these five gems that you may want to consider for that great summer vacation,
Only In The Cook Islands I'll start with the Cook Islands, a little-known (at least to most Americans) island chain with 15 don't-blink-or-you'll-miss them blips of land spread out over 756,000-square-miles of the South Pacific, most of which is protected as a marine park.
Is There a Third Travel Way? The dissonance between the \traveler\ archetype the public craves and the one we travelers actually embody is a result of today's traveler being fundamentally different than it has been at any point in even recent history.
Best U.S. Island Getaways An island vacation is the perfect way to leave the everyday stress of urban life behind -- but you don't have to head halfway
Open Wide The next day we noticed little signs posted on sandwich boards and makeshift billboards on the road touting lunch spots and casual dining experiences you won't find in the guidebooks. Many are off the beaten path and offer a wider range of choices than what you see at touristy restaurants.
Funky Freebies And Looney Loaners When you're shelling out hard-earned cash for your hotel room, it's nice when the hotel recognizes that and throws in some perks \just because.\
12 Travel Sketches From Around the World (PHOTOS) Two years ago, I started bringing a sketchbook and watercolor pencils with me on the road -- now I can't imagine traveling without them (though I've since upgraded to a travel-sized set of watercolor paints).
Selexyz Dominicanen There are numerous spectacular bookstores throughout the world, and labeling one \the finest on earth\ is subjective at best. But Boekhandel Selexyz Dominicanen, a 700-year-old former Catholic church in the Netherlands city of Maastricht, is certainly one of the grandest.
No Kids Allowed Maybe you don't have kids. Or maybe you do, but need an escape from a world of dirty diapers and dancing dinosaurs. If you're seeking relaxation and romance instead of rampaging rug rats, check out our top five destinations for adults only.
Serengeti Game Drive The sea of eyes transitioned upwards as my attention turned to the beautiful night sky. The moment that I realized I was surrounded by hyenas in the middle of the Serengeti I thought to myself, this was the Africa I came to experience.
What Travel Has Taught Me About 'Reality' Any individual's perception of reality is inextricably linked with his perception of geography
Best Breakfasts Around The World (PHOTOS) Whatever time zone you wake up in, the best breakfasts will brighten your mood, fortify you for the day, and give you a taste of daily life in that destination.
10 Amazing River Trips for Spring You're not the only thing thawing out this spring. Here are 10 rivers you don't want to miss. From West Virginia's famous whitewater to the Everglades' river of grass, you'll find yourself up a creek ---- hopefully with a paddle -- and soaking up some sights
On Being a Responsible Traveler I believe that traveling in the spirit of conscious awareness, humility and curiosity only enhances anyone's journey, and over the years I have expanded what I believe is a sensible and sensitive Traveler's Creed to live and travel by.
10 Reasons to Visit the Smoky Mountains Right Now (PHOTOS) While it's fun and cheap to visit year-round, those who are picky and visit in April or May will be rewarded. Shoulder Season is upon us, and it doesn't get much better than this -- mild weather, empty hiking trails and scene stealing wildflowers are just a few great reasons to visit the Smokies.
10 Most Scenic Road Trips Put these 10 drives on your must list.
Chinese Tourists Surpass Germans As Biggest Spenders China is the world's fastest growing tourist source market, thanks to higher disposable incomes in the world's number two
Isla Holbox, Paradise Found Island. Oasis. Hallucination. Somewhere on the north coast of the Yucatan Peninsula, I have found my perfect recharge of sun and sand, and ceviche and margaritas.
An American Britpop Girl in London Traveling as a teenager with mom and dad is vastly different from traveling in your twenties with friends.
Abandoned Palaces Are Like An Eerie Time Capsule (PHOTOS) These 19 photos are completely fascinating.
Are Guidebooks Dead? Not Yet! If I can do without a guidebook, I will. But, for a first-time visit to a foreign country, you can bet that a dead-tree guidebook will be part of the mix. Here's why.
Your Most Complicated Traveling Relationship I realized also that I wasn't alone in my co-dependency. Everywhere I went, I saw travelers with massive cameras dangling around their necks, snapping photo after photo after photo, seemingly disengaged from the very experiences they were obsessed with remembering.
World Food Tour As if we needed another reason to visit Hawaii.
South Africa's Cape Winelands Provide Perfect Day Trip From Cape Town In fact, to not visit the vintners, cheesemakers and chocolatiers that stretch some 100 miles to the east and north of Cape Town is like visiting California and not going to the beach. If you're a foodie, it's simply inexcusable.
A Few Days In Vienna Vienna is the perfect complement to itself. It is a stately, grand, and serious-looking city, full of right angles and spotless
Pack A Lot Of Europe Into One Trip Here are ten cruises to keep on your radar this spring when you're ready to trade the cold and snow for some culture and adventure.
Tweaking Your Julekake The test cooks have my appreciation -- and some new favorite holiday foods to share with family and friends. Look for the
Turkey Branches Out Into Medical Tourism \Decreasing prices in Greece and Spain since the debt crisis mean that the competition for tourists is more intense,\ said
Kat Edmonson Loves Austin, Texas I came to you as a young woman yearning for excitement, eager to be seduced by your weird ways. I was attracted to your friendly vibe, the ease of living, the vital spirit I could find everywhere in your\nborders.
Living Life Upside Down in Australia Australia has also not come as far as we are with organic food. Yet Australians are hyperaware of environmental stuff, since
How Not to Be an Obnoxious Tourist With an Intrusive Camera Do you ever take photographs of locals when you travel? Do you ask first or sneak a quick photo before they look? How would you like it if the tables were turned?
12 Reasons to Visit Iceland -- Even in Winter (PHOTOS) Even though Iceland's almost at the top of the world near the Arctic Circle, winter temperatures are often warmer than, say, New York, London and Paris. In summer, the temp doesn't get much beyond light sweater weather. All in all, it's decent weather to see all there is to see, and there's a lot.
Restaurants With Views Worth Dining For (PHOTOS) These photos make us want to book a trip now.
Service and Travel I think it is time to admit it
How to Celebrate With Travel Jacada Travel and the team turned the ripe old age of five-years-old this month, and with the upcoming Easter weekend and Spring break we've been thinking quite a lot about how many people (including our clients) use travel and great trips to celebrate a multitude of occasions.
How To Be A Travel Writer In 2013 But what the hell is a travel writer? The cliched images likely come to mind
Traveling on the Threshold It's easy for me to dispense shallow platitudes about lives lived fully. The challenge comes with putting this into practice while simultaneously balancing the duties and obligations owed to friends and loved ones back home.
Top 5 Summer Activities in New England (PHOTOS) In New England come the warmer months, the region turns into a bustling destination with beachgoers, outdoors enthusiasts, foodies and even visitors whose only plans are to watch the world go by from a chair on the front porch of a quaint B&B.
5 Spectacular April Getaways April is shoulder season for many North American destinations, so this can also be a wonderfully affordable time for a carpe diem-inspired break. Here are five great family destinations that beckon in April.
A Perfect Day In Sydney In keeping with its structure -- it is more an assembly of discrete suburbs, each with its own (often banner-held-high) reputation, than it is a metropolis with a blend of neighborhoods -- I stumbled across its treats and its treasures one trove at a time.
Time Travel in Morocco In an increasingly homogenized world, Morocco retains a unique sense of place. I wanted to experience it lest the forces of globalization scrub its distinct colors.
Glamping Debuts in  Downtown Los Angeles To be honest, I've never been a big fan of camping. In fact, I've never quite gotten the whole idea of \roughing it\ because it has always seemed a contrary notion to me. But glamping, on the other hand, is an entirely different story.
British Tourists Bitch About New York What do tourists from abroad think of traveling here?  Are they keen on American food? Are they comfy in our hotels? Do they think we're friendly?
Art Deco Weekend Miami Is the Bee's Knees Every January, Art Deco Weekend turns South Beach into a sea of fringe and pincurls. Over 300,000 people gather in Miami's historic district to celebrate the Jazz Age.
Art And Music In London If you were a seventeenth-century bourgeois Netherlander looking at a painting like Vermeer's The Music Lesson, you surely
Some of the Best Things to Do in Florence Picture a cool, evening breeze gently sweeping across your cheeks as you overlook Ponte Vecchio, mesmerized by the same view that some of the most powerful figures in history witnessed.
San Francisco, a Local's Perspective Forget the Fisherman's Wharf, Alcatraz and Ghirardelli Square. We're taking you on a local's tour of San Francisco.
5 Awesome Los Angeles Beaches for Families Miles of soft sand, swaying palm trees, and the lure of the sparkling ocean make the City of Angels a magnet for surf-and-sun devotees. Yet with over 90 beaches in Los Angeles County, it can be difficult for visiting families to know where to begin.
Discovered in Antarctica Coming across a few stones might not seem all that extraordinary when you're standing on Mount Erebus in Antarctica. But one volcanologist saw something in those stones that was a lot more
Pass Me an Elk Dog... Louise Roe Uncovers the Best of Aspen... and It's All About Going Local I must admit, I landed in Aspen with a plethora of pre-conceptions. As an avid skier, I was itching to hit the slopes -- but also warily ready to navigate some snooty fur coats and boulder-sized diamonds on every snow-lined street. Not so. My experience of this special place was the opposite.
A Stylish Guide To Manhattan's Greenwich Village And Union Square Greenwich Village and Union Square, two adjacent New York neighborhoods in Manhattan, share the distinction of having colorful political pasts and lively cultural presents.
2013 Sunny And Smile-Worthy Events And Festivals (PHOTOS) This weather is making me want to get out and enjoy the outdoors, so I've selected the top spring and summer events/festival sure to make your day is brighter than the sun.
Enjoy Endless Summer At Surf Hotels The surf is always up somewhere. Whether it's a sandy little casita in a far-flung Mexican backwater or a high-gloss resort on the cliffs of Santa Catarina you're after, these eight surf hotels can all put you on a wave.
5 Incredible Wildlife Migrations Watching the planet's animals in motion offers a front-row view on an age-old drama where the marvels of adaptation are on stage.
Top 5 Destinations to Celebrate National Single Parents Day Whatever you decide to do on National Single Parents Day, enjoy it with your children!
Europe's 9 Most Inappropriate Public Fountains (PHOTOS) A fountain can be a beautiful thing
The 50 Healthiest Eco Spas In America Does anything sound more blissful than spending a week being pampered? Yep
Disney Characters Come To Life As Topiaries At Epcot (PHOTOS) The Epcot International Flower & Garden Festival has arrived at Walt Disney World for spring 2013. The event, celebrating
Easy Ways To Stay Fresh On Red-Eye Flights It only takes a little planning to step off a long flight looking refreshed, and not like rumpled mess. Try these easy tips from makeup artists, hairstylists, dermatologists, and nutritionists.
What The American Airlines-US Airways Merger Will Mean For Your Frequent Flyer Miles If you fly American Airlines or US Airways with any regularity, news of the merger between the two airlines could have you worried about your frequent flyer miles.
Your Weekly Travel Zen \Our resort was very isolated -- perfect for a week of intensive learning! I took this photo while out for a walk with one
12 Things You Don't Know About Amtrak The full service kitchen on Amtrak's Empire Builder. Elevators are used to send the entrees up to the dining room so every
LaGuardia Airport Whether you're an old LGA pro or planning your first trip through this aerodrome named after New York's most famous mayor, we hope you'll find this mini guide helpful.
8 Unexpected Island Getaways On The Cheap (PHOTOS) An \island getaway\ doesn't necessarily translate into washing up on the shores of the Caribbean. Plenty of other islands in the U.S. boast the same laid-back, secluded feel that you can find in Barbados or Jamaica, but often come at a fraction of those sky-high all-inclusive rates.
Travel Stress Relief Frequent (and not-so-frequent) flyers know that travel can be draining, stressful and downright anxiety-inducing. But long
The Overpacker's Guide to Carry-on Success (Video) Believe it or not, despite my overpacking ways, I've become quite a packing ninja. I've packed up to eight days of summer clothes into a 21\ suitcase that zipped effortlessly. Same goes for five days of winter clothes -- knits and layers considered!
Searching for an Old City in Medellin, Colombia \All the romantic relationships in Robledo revolved around El Jordan thanks to that jukebox,\ says Margarita Velez, age 72, who has spent nearly her entire life in the neighborhood.
10 Tranquil Yoga And Meditation Retreats In India For Stress Reduction For years, travelers seeking serenity and spiritual renewal have made their way to India's ashrams and retreat centers to
The Paia Inn on Maui's North Shore The north shore of Maui is the true Hawaii, the Hawaii of every surfer's dreams, of National Geographic photographs, the Hawaii of the imagination
Beyond The Doner What really struck me was the Turks' obvious love for food in the most unobnoxious way
Naples and the Gems of Florida's Paradise Coast Stroll along Naples' historic Third Street South and Fifth Avenue South and discover lushly landscaped palm-tree lined mini-boulevards with art galleries, antique stores, and clothing boutiques.
Ireland From Coast to Coast in Four Days I started this trip to Ireland in Dublin, as everyone should. It's cosmopolitan, it's got great hotels, night life, restaurants, world class entertainment; it is their Gotham.
Etihad Makes Big Promise in Global TV Ad Campaign I have learned elsewhere in the world there are airlines that people love, Love, LOVE. Both Emirates and Etihad Airways  based in nearby Abu Dhabi are two such carriers. That's what makes Etihad's new television commercial so interesting.
6 Resorts With Easter Celebrations With Easter just around the corner, kid-friendly resortsare offering spring savings along with bunny-themed events and thousands upon thousands of hidden eggs.
The In-Flight Entertainer It is somebody's job to screen and select movies to be featured on flights, and I wonder why it is not this person's top priority -- nay, ONLY priority -- to veto movies whose plots include an airplane crash.
You'll Never Believe Who's Shilling For The TSA Put differently, the entire display was for show. The TSA could have detonated grenades, set up an archery range, even set off a small nuclear weapon -- it would have been just as meaningful. Or meaningless.
The Louvre? Do They Have Food There? What's my rush? Why don't I stop and smell the roses -- or at least ogle the stained glass? It's not that I'm uninterested
How To Choose A South Pacific Island The South Pacific confounds even the savviest map buffs with its splatter of dots spread across the world's biggest ocean
Seven Things You Should Always Wear On A Plane You thought you'd figured it out when you started wearing comfy sweatpants and flip-flops.
Healthy And Vegan Eats In Franklin, Tennessee Hey, if you don't bump into a country superstar here in Franklin, at least you'll keep busy stuffing your face!
How To Honeymoon For our DeCarlo Honeymoon, DeHoneymooners wanted an epic European adventure. But after all the wedding bills, affording the grandeur we both had always dreamed about was an issue - so we two travel experts set to planning and executing a fantastic European Honeymoon on a modest budget.
The 10 Best Islands In The World, According To TripAdvisor (PHOTOS) If these magnificent spots aren't on your radar, they should be.
Lessons I've Learned at 35,000 Feet One example I can remember, is walking to town from our crash pad with another one of our roommates. The three of us were having casual conversation when our roommate said out of the blue, \If I have to sit on a jump seat with one more f****t, I'm going to puke!\ Shock came over me.
San Diego Restaurants - 11 Favorites From a Local Visitors will never go hungry in San Diego. Although they might go crazy trying to decide where to eat! San Diego County boasts oodles of restaurants, and I've created a list of my favorites.
Holy Land U.S.A. Theme Park We've been known to go gaga over abandoned theme parks, like Berlin's Spreepark , Beijing's Wonderland and Rio's Terra Encantada
How to Plan Your Next Great Adventure - Part 1 of 2 Having completed a round-the-world trip across 3 continents, 8 countries and 19 cities, and getting ready to hop around Latin America for a couple of months, I've learned a few \best practices\ to make the planning phase smoother and less of a pull-your-hair-out experience.
The Wild Eyes Of The Gal\u00e1pagos In Gal\u00e1pagos, with fear and flight an ocean away, we are privileged to sit and ponder the eyes of the animals for a prolonged period of time. The result is profound and complex, one that left me lying on the ground for minutes in front of an iguana and trying to solve the mysteries of the universe.
The Sexiest Hotel Bathrooms In The Caribbean (PHOTOS) Many hotels cater to couples, and hotel designers, aware that an appealing bathroom with a deep tub can be the cherry on top of a romantic getaway, are spending more time than ever in coming up with the best bathroom layout.
Wellness Vacations But if you already take wellness into consideration when traveling for business, are you a good candidate for a full-on wellness vacation for pleasure? Here are some things to consider before you commit.
Around The World As Traveler, Not A Tourist The result was the trip of a lifetime that began in 2006, and which took him through the U.S., Canada, Argentina, Australia
Forgetting the Supreme Court It was the first time in many years that I had failed to be on my computer at the very moment that a major Court event had occurred. The students and professors and bloggers and journalists with whom I worked had been worried about me. Why wasn't I online? Because, I was in Kenya.
Things To Do In Schiphol Airport When You're Bored It's always hard knowing what to do on a layover, unless you are lucky enough to be at an airport that has been perfectly designed for travelers. Schiphol Airport in Amsterdam is one such delightful locale, with so much to see and do it makes you want to stay longer.
Italy Travel The beauty of Italy is that every town -- even the tiniest village -- has its own individual identity; its own specialty products, dialects and customs, which makes roaming off the Italian tourist map even more addicting.
Good Travel Mates Are Good to Find Vacation personalities, travel styles, and interests vary among us homo touristicus. Travelers inevitably have different goals and expectations. Being patient, compassionate and showing empathy towards each other is critical.
10 Places To Forget About Winter While some of these spring favorites will summon stereotypical images of student-packed beaches, others may surprise you and inspire you to take an alternative spring vacation.
Emma Fried-Cassorla Loves Philadelphia With love, Emma Philadelphians have an unfortunate habit of wallowing in the negative of the city - we wear it almost as
Open Air Hot Tubs For Cold Nights At A B&B (PHOTOS) There's something fun about being outdoors in freezing temperatures while being soothed by the warm currents of a hot tub as you admire sprawling, snowy mountain views or peaceful wooded landscapes.
10 Best Booze-Infused Spa Treatments No matter your poison, here's a 10-pack of boozy treatments that will leave you relaxed and glowing, minus the hangover.
America's 10 Best Family Destinations, According To FamilyFun Yes, Disney's Magic Kingdom is a great place for children, but it's only No. 8 on this new list.
Road Trip USA At each stop, the wonderful people who host me wish us \safe travels\ as we head out. I wish they'd just say \happy travels.\
Road Trip USA Bloomington -- home of Hoagy Carmichael, John Mellencamp, the Dalai Lama's brother, and the University of Indiana -- is a fine little town with venerable old homes around its town square, which is crowned by a stately courthouse.
Road Trip USA Burlington, Vermont, nestled just below the border of Canada, is a charming town with a fittingly charming little airport. Its pedestrian-only main drag, Church Street, feels just like England. Everyone I met was astounded that this was my first visit to Vermont.
Tips for Traveling With Children Traveling with children can be a stressful time for parents, and surrounding passengers. Unlike environments that allow parents to simply \walk away\ from a crowd if a child is disruptive, when traveling by plane, everyone is a captive audience with nowhere to go.
The Top 10 Easter Brunches In The U.S. On the menus
10 Of America's Best Ballparks For Opening Day Opening day is Sunday, March 31. The Houston Astros make their American League debut against the Texas Rangers in an 8 p.m
Gwinganna Lifestyle Retreat And the food--at first I was taken aback. No salt or sugar or visible fat in anything. Americans would never put up with
Tour Tokyo's Best Sightseeing Spots For Free! You'd think a bus with a giant black and white panda head on the front and wearing a pink bow would be pretty hard to ignore. But, somehow, the Panda Buses are one of Tokyo's best-kept tourist secrets.
The 10 Best Airports For Kids, According To Travelnerd Traveling is, in and of itself, no easy feat. So, adding little ones into the equation is enough to make a family want to
Iceland Review \I think many of us have an unclear image of Iceland.\ This was a comment I received on Facebook when I shared that I was in Iceland for an Internet conference. I hope to crystallize for others what Iceland is like now that I've traveled there.
The 12 Most Relaxing Resorts In The U.S. And Canada (PHOTOS) Vacationing at a top-notch resort is the perfect way to unwind and pamper yourself -- and you don't necessary have to venture
Fire on the Mountain When organized skiing began on Colorado's Snowmass Mountain in 1963, it's unlikely those early skiers, dreamers and developers could imagine how large and comprehensive the resort would become.
Six Reasons You Should Chuck the Spa Vacation and Indulge in Exotic Myanmar (PHOTOS) Whether you're a seasoned traveler looking for something new, or you just want a grand adventure, Myanmar (a/k/a Burma) should be high on your short list.
Things To Do In Los Angeles With Kids We have had a lot of friends and family come to visit us since we moved to Los Angeles 8 years ago. When they ask us what
The World's Most Gorgeous Secluded Beaches (PHOTOS) You won't find hoards of tourists at these secluded beaches--just unspoiled sand and surf.
From Feathers to Feather Beds Next time you're planning a vacation south of the border, chances are the bargain rates you'll see in the travel ads -- one might say
Meditating With Snakes and Corpses I just lay on the ground writhing around not in pain, but in consciousness. In my first day of meditation I had awakened a part of me I never knew existed.
6 Baseball Attractions Worthy of a Road Trip As the boys of summer prepare to hit the road for the start of another season, baseball-loving families around the country are plotting road trips that celebrate America's favorite pastime.
Romantic Honeymoon Hotels around the World (PHOTOS) Honeymoons must be two things
Bonaire Calm, peaceful, laid-back. In the movie \Being There,\ Chance, the lead character, embodies all of these traits.  There, in Bonaire, a sense of calm, peace and easy-living exists, as well.
Your Weekly Travel Zen \The Forum had the true Rome feel. It's the only place that really hasn't been touched for years.\ Where have you traveled
Five One-of-a Kind Historic Places to Visit This Spring Break The good news is, whether you are a nature-lover, foodie, or history hound, an unforgettable spring break experience can
Ten Airlines/Planes With More Legroom Than Others It's important to remember that not all coach class accommodations are created equally terrible.
The 10 Best Places To See Wild Animals Encompassing 2 million hectares and straddling two different regions of South Africa, Kruger National Park is one of the
What Was the Greatest Personal Rivalry of all Time? Epic. Answer by Alia Caldwell, Writer/Designer Amundsen reached the South Pole first and returned home on a trip that was
30 Things Travelers Must See and Do Before They're 30 You should squeeze as much adventure as possible into your 20s before not-so-gracefully bowing out of the years of which you're still expected to brush off your mother's advice. Here are 30 things every person with a bit of wanderlust must see and do before they're 30.
Queen Alia International Airport, Amman's New Terminal Designed By Foster + Partners, Opens (PHOTOS) Check it out in the photos below. In a continual effort to take on the popularity of Dubai's International Airport, the new
America's Best Small Towns To Visit In 2013, According To Smithsonian Magazine (PHOTOS) For the second year in a row, Smithsonian Magazine put together its list of the 20 best small towns across America worth
Way, Way, Way Over the Rainbow It's not the most colorful place on the planet, but that's only because it isn't on the planet. Space tourism is going to happen. In fact, it's happening as we speak -- and far be it from me not to jump on this bandwagon.
Surprises Along Italy's Slovenian Border Despite all of the economic issues going on in Europe at the moment, at least in Italy and Slovenia people seem to be enjoying life and eating good food and drinking excellent wines.
11 Hotels That Are Destinations Unto Themselves (PHOTOS) From a western dude ranch to a Florentine palazzo to an African canoe excursion, these 11 trips offer a far richer experience than your typical overnight stay.
Delta Delivers Pizza To Stranded Passengers In Knoxville (VIDEO) Watch the report if you like pleasant stories about airlines going out of their way to put the joy back in flying or if you
Does The TSA Have a Gun Fixation? (VIDEO) Truth is, the TSA is looking for a one-in-a-billion terrorist who wants to blow up a plane and the rest of the time, it's supposed to be in the customer-service business, coaching passengers through a hopelessly convoluted and confusing screening process.
London At Night We love London. We love its abandoned tube stations; we love how it sometimes looks eerie after dark; we love it when royals
Tips From The Jet Set Thanks to my generous boyfriend and his air-mile upgrades, I've been spoiled by the good life at 35,000 feet and find the
A Short History Of Washington's Cherry Trees The war damage in Japan put in peril the parent rootstock of the U.S. trees along the Arakawa River near Tokyo.
10 Reasons To Visit Charlotte This Spring Cool neighborhoods Time to rethink underappreciated Albuquerque More in our reason to visit \smaller cities\ series Food
'Cake Hotel' In London Features 8 Sugar-Covered Rooms For One Day Only (PHOTOS) A group of confectioners made dreams a reality on Thursday by transforming a London home into a pop-up \cake hotel\ filled
Airport Best Sellers Include 'Terrible Towels,' 'Sleepless' T-Shirts Although it's been 20 years since the debut of the romantic comedy Sleepless in Seattle, gray and pink nightshirts sporting
Australia 108, Melbourne Skyscraper, To Become Tallest In Southern Hemisphere To put this new skyscraper in perspective, the world's newest tallest hotel - -the JW Marriott Marquis -- opened in Dubai
Cunard Cruise Line Tones Down Its Formal Evening Dress Code The change will take effect on the Queen Mary 2, Queen Elizabeth and Queen Victoria when their sailing seasons start this
Patrick Williams Loves Tullamore When I got speed coming down the hill from Durrow, I could free wheel most of the way along the flat piece of road that went past the Smollen's house.
'Surviving' Cook Island, One Of The South Pacific's Most Desirable Destinations My favorite Aitutaki motu was probably Tapuaetai, the world's only \deserted island\ with its own post office.
Jimmy Buffett St. Thomas Resort Planned With Wyndham Hotels His margaritaville.com website announces that Buffett is planning to open a timeshare resort in partnership with the Wyndham
Antarctica's Thrilling View Of The Universe Antarctica can only be described in superlatives. The colors are more vivid, vistas more dramatic, and feelings of awe more awesome. This is not a place of man but of the gods. In Antarctica you can see things and have experiences you can't have anywhere else in the world.
Amazing Bars In Barcelona (PHOTOS) Wine bars, whiskey bars, cocktail bars, sports bars, beer halls, and pre-game-for-the-club bars all can be found with ease. Heck, there are even beach bars where you can swim off the last round.
Frozen Lighthouses Winter may almost be over (spring does, after all, technically start Wednesday), despite a late winter snowstorm that left
New Cruise Ships Worth Watching (PHOTOS) As far as deals, Tom Stieghorst, the senior editor covering the cruise industry for Travel Weekly, said that after the Carnival
World's Most Expensive Trip Visits Every UNESCO World Heritage Site No one, that's who. The trip is currently for sale on VeryFirstTo.com, a British luxury retailer not dissimilar to Gilt. The
Bachelor And Bachelorette Parties We bring you six of the most popular destinations for bachelor and bachelorette parties. But instead of limiting you to the traditional activities, we also offer alternative options for those looking for something a little different.
A Rail Accident Proves That Amtrak Is The Only Way To Travel Traveling by train is a fresh of fresh air.
5 Strange Items You Can Pack in Your Carry-On You'd be surprised by the types of items that make their way through airport security -- from corkscrews and screwdrivers to wrenches and lighters. What's more, the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) announced that its list of \Prohibited Items\ will soon shrink.
Have An Airline Complaint? Tweet Away \We're sorry for your disappointment,\ the American staffer tweeted quickly, before turning their attention to his case.
Taking 'The Amazing Race' To Africa At night at the safari camp there is such peace -- no sirens, car horns or radios blaring -- but what you do hear are the sounds of the animals around you -- like a lion walking by your tent.
U.S. Airlines Add Lie-Flat Seating To Transcontinental Flights Flights across the U.S. are about to get a lot more comfortable for business class passengers. United Airlines announced
Why A Plane Ticket Purchasing Technology Has The Travel Industry Up In Arms The fight over the NDC represents a battle between a struggling industry and its long suffering consumers. Travelers will
BBC Sells Lonely Planet To Nashville-Based Media Company BBC Worldwide has been exploring strategic options for Lonely Planet over the last year and was keen to find a new owner that could bring greater focus and capital to the business.
Ryanair Announces Massive $15.6 Billion Order From Boeing \We compartmentalize that. We have a lot of people working on the 787 situation ... We're working on producing 787s as we
Cuba Travel An AP reporter found Ord\u00f3\u00f1ez hanging out in a hotel in downtown Havana, taking pictures with his fans and generally having
Carnival Cruise Lines And Why Third Party Travel Insurance Pays Travelers with third party insurance also get a choice that is hard to put a value on, the chance to take their recovered
Australia In the week before I came I was feeling a bit bummed that I was coming all this way and still not seeing the \outback.\ But
America's Best Airlines For Customer Service A new survey investigating which US airlines offer the best \customer experience\ has found that most domestic carriers get
Walt Disney World, Disneyland Ban Unaccompanied Kids Younger Than 14 Walt Disney World in Florida and Disneyland in California have put a ban on guests younger than 14 entering the parks alone
The Great American Gap Year Almost every person we've spoken to about our travels has told us that they're envious and want to do the same thing -- to that I always say, \You can. Just put a date on your calendar and give your jobs six weeks notice before you leave.\
Wisconsin Travel And 'Airplane!' Directors Make World's Greatest Tourism Ad Sadly, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar isn't. Next time. Looking to make its advertisements a bit more memorable -- and probably more
Small US Airports Face Tower Closures Hank Kelly, a private pilot whose single-engine Cessna plane is based at Dutchess County airport, about 85 miles (137 kms
Americas 10 Best Destination Spas (PHOTOS) This list factors in votes from more than 46,000 readers on which spas have sparkling facilities, impeccable service and, of course, expert treatments.
5 Ways To Give Back On Family Vacation We love the idea of raising our children to give back, but many of us find it hard to build volunteerism into our busy day-to-day lives.
Thoughtful Consumption In Our Travels By promoting tourism in the West Bank, I hope to play some small role in helping the struggling local economy, promoting peace at the same time.
No More Boring Out of Office Replies! \While you are sitting in a meeting, I'm sitting on the beach.\
5 Prisons Turned Into Luxury Hotels (PHOTOS) Some may downplay their past while others show off their rich history
13 Easy Ways To Save On Trips To Europe Americans love Eurail passes and for a good reason
Enver Hoxha's Bunkers Still Litter Albania (PHOTOS) Albania constructed roughly 750,000 bunkers -- roughly one to every four citizens -- during dictator Enver Hoxha's 40-year
Ireland St. Patrick's Day 2013 Ireland is the place to be for St. Patrick's Day; all other celebrations pale by comparison. While this may be an American holiday, the Irish have adapted it just brilliantly and have made it one of the most fun times a human can have without combusting.
The 7 Most Bike-Friendly Cities On Earth (PHOTOS) Want a taste of this two-wheeled utopia? Put your pedal power to the test in one of these top 10 bike-friendly cities.
The World's Coolest Ferris Wheels (PHOTOS) Still, we're drawn to Ferris wheels new and historic for much the same reason
Spring Break In The National Parks If you are still trying to come up with a plan for Spring Break, why not consider making the first family trip of the year to a national park?
Your Weekly Travel Zen This week's Moment of Travel Zen comes to us from Simone Dyson in the small town of Frutillar, Chile. Her friend, Corey Brian
The World's Best Private Tour Guides (PHOTOS) \You can plan all you want, but you can't get the same experience as with a well-connected guide,\ he says. \They know everybody.\
America's Most Irish Towns There are more than five times as many Americans with at least partial Irish ancestry as there are people who live in Ireland.
The Gathering For years America has viewed Ireland through a veil of fond remembrance.
Smart Ways To Use Your Frequent Flyer Miles As the airlines continually find new ways to tinker with programs, holding out for the trip of a lifetime you may never take could end up costing you more than taking a free trip or two to somewhere more modest.
Eco-Resorts The health benefits of spending time in nature are well-documented, as are the stress-relieving benefits of taking a vacation
St. Patrick's Day St. Patrick's Day is a celebration of many things -- Irish heritage, shamrocks, the ministrations of a 5th-century priest
Ireland's 9 Most Memorable Hotels (PHOTOS) People tend to go a little crazy on St. Paddy's day; most of us are familiar with the crowded parades, green rivers, and
My Favorite 'Insider' Money Savers For Travel If your hotel lowers the your room rate between the time you buy and check in, which happens about 20% of the time, you can usually rebook at the lower rate.
So What Is This \St.Patrick's Day\ Nonsense All About Anyway? [2] Saint I've been in a couple of discussions of late around the dangers of assuming that what is second nature to you is
Rochester, New York Children in tow? A popular alternative is The Strong (www.museumofplay.org), the second-largest museum devoted to children
Carnival Legend Cruise Ship Has Mechanical Problem Near Florida This entry has expired
Buenos Aires Wednesday was a landmark day for the Catholic Church, as it welcomed Pope Francis, the 266th man to hold what is likely the
26 Hotel Beds You Need To Try Tonight (PHOTOS) A stocked mini-bar and stunning views are fantastic, but the most important element of a hotel room is the bed. Jet lag, exhaustion
Cruise Control While it is somewhat simple to pack up our son and have him tag along on our trips (keeping him entertained is another matter), we must be much more industrious when it comes to traveling with Wellington and Montgomery.
10 Healthy Hotel Hygiene Habits When we waltz into a hotel room--be it a $30 bungalow in Thailand or a $3000 villa in Switzerland--we assume the space is
The World's Greatest Sculpture Parks (PHOTOS) Vigeland Park in Oslo, Norway, is the handiwork of a single artist, Gustav Vigeland.
Part Two A 10-day Vipassana meditation retreat with Noble Silence, 4 a.m. starts and 10 hours of meditation daily was never going to be easy, but combining it with communal living and random explosions probably made it even harder.
Ireland's 10 Finest Hotels (PHOTOS) It was said that when Vikings first arrived in Ireland in the ninth century to plunder and conquer, it wasn't long before they fell victim to the charms of the Irish and were converted into settled, peaceful citizens. If marauding invaders wielding sharpened swords can't defend against the charms of Ireland and its people, what chance do the rest of us have?
How Ireland Started Celebrating Irish Pride Historically, the first St. Paddy's Day parades started popping up about 250 years ago in NYC and Boston.
9 Underrated Beach Destinations (PHOTOS) Fewer people, untouched nature, you name it; underrated beach destinations are hidden gems that can be just what you're looking for.
How Do Foreign Tourists Rate The U.S.? Two Londoners Dish Some Dirt It's high time, I think, that we stopped forcing everyone to pore over our own vacation albums and, for once, take a peek at theirs. For example, what do tourists from abroad think of traveling here? Are they keen on American food, comfy in our hotels? Do they find it tricky getting around?
The Cook Islands, Basically Hawaii 50 Years Ago The many lagoons surrounding the islands contain every single shade of blue in a hardware store paint palette.
10 Chinese Dishes That You Won't Find In China Earlier this month, we read about the different types of Italian food that you'd never actually see in Italy. (That, and
London Dining Despite some (well-intentioned) lapses, this is a restaurant that should be on your list when you visit London; it's in an area that is slightly off the tourist track but still very central and easy to get to on foot.
Carnival Dream Debacle Shows World's Largest Cruise Line Doing What It Does Best The Carnival Dream, currently stranded on St. Maarten thanks to a generator failure, is just the latest ship in the cruise line's fleet to be crippled by prolonged exposure to sea water.
Tatsuno, Japan's Blooming Plum Trees Are A First Taste Of Spring (PHOTOS) With spring upon us, many eyes are turning towards Washington D.C. in anticipation of the annual blooming of the cherry blossom
John Pistole So what do you think? Leave it in comments, and if you need a reminder of what's being allowed in planes starting April 25
7 Crazy Destinations For Cat Lovers (PHOTOS) Japan is the ultimate travel destination for cat enthusiasts and Hello Kitty just the beginning.
Radisson Blu Mall Of America Opens In Minneapolis (PHOTOS) Minnesota's Mall of America is getting a swank new hotel. The new Radisson Blu opens March 15, and is literally connected
Disney Springs To Transform Walt Disney World's Downtown Area (PHOTOS) The area, which had its last expansion in 1997, will include four new neighborhoods--Town Center (a mix of shops, a promenade
Why Singapore Is Heaven For Cyclists Since moving to Singapore seven months ago, I have become blas\u00e9 about securing my bike to anything sturdy by means of using something sturdy. Like most expats, I have been unconsciously seduced by the city-state's rock-bottom crime rate and apparent nonexistence of the scourge that we call theft.
Cape Town Is About Context And Contrasts (PHOTOS) I was moved quite literally to tears by my interactions with some of Cape Town's poorest residents -- but not as much as I was relieved to sleep in air conditioning the sun dawned on the summer day.
Las Vegas Pools Reopen For Spring And Summer (PHOTOS) Known for their ever-flowing liquor, bikini bodies and raucous behavior, Vegas pool parties are some of the most popular places to let it all hang out.
Marathon Travel Tips For Travelers On The Run Traveling for a race? Several Travelzoo Deal Experts are seasoned marathon veterans and have shared these tips.
Celebrating All That Ireland Has To Offer (PHOTOS) A JetBlue flight attendant shares her recent itinerary.
Vermont Deficit Disorder Scientists have determined that shushing about the backcountry of Vermont offers a state that transcends relaxation. New research supports the contention that spending time in The Green Mountain state helps control negative stress, obesity, perhaps even heart disease and dementia.
Leaf Peeping Season Colors In Tasmania For those of us in the Northern Hemisphere, winter is on its way out. But, as we look forward to the spring flowers, bunnies
Whole Foods Plans To Open Health Resort In Austin, Texas Area \I've seen it improve the lives of hundreds of our team members,\ Mackey told USA Today. If the increasing popularity of
Get Cabin Fever (PHOTOS) Icy sidewalks, cold winds and not enough daylight have kept many of us indoors for too long, resulting in a wicked case of cabin fever. It's time to get away for a few days for a change of scenery, and, ironically, the cure for cabin fever just may be a cabin.
An Old-Fashioned Williamsburg Love Affair But, we know that the best way to really get to know Colonial Williamsburg is to run the boxwood hedges or jump the Governor's Palace wall.
North Dakota Hotel Boom Spans State, Expands Beyond Oil Country (PHOTOS) Will you be booking one of the thousands of new rooms?
How to Plan an Adventure in 10 Easy Steps For more from Maria Rodale, go to www.mariasfarmcountrykitchen.com I am an adventurous sort. Not the kind who likes doing
The Strange Joy Of Visiting Foreign Hospitals In Japan I wandered the pristine halls of Osaka University Hospital, ostensibly charting objective healthcare outcome differences, but really marveling at the anecdotal nuances of difference in ward rounds.
Southwest Airlines Video Shows Jet Engine Mechanics At Work (VIDEO) H/t Terry Maxon, The Dallas Morning News The clip, which first appeared on the carrier's fun Nuts about Southwest blog, demonstrates
Can The TSA Do A Better Job? Yes, They Can! Almost from the beginning, a small group of activists have kept a vigilant eye on the agency. When TSA agents pilfered your luggage, they spoke up. When the blueshirts forced us through inadequately tested scanners, they said something. When agents treated us like prison inmates, they fired up their laptop computers and they wrote.
10 Celebrity Spring Break Hot Spots You've clocked two months of solid work since Christmas break and it's time for another escape.
8 Great Viking Destinations Around The World (PHOTOS) With the recent discovery of the supposedly mythical sunstone that may have helped them navigate the northern waters of the
How To Have The Best Day Ever In Rome American expat Erica Firpo has lived in Rome long enough -- and shown enough people around -- to know how to build the perfect
Why Cruise Lines Aren't Accountable to Their Passengers As the shore slowly fades into the horizon so do the legal rights of cruise ship passengers.
Vermont Deficit Disorder Living in Los Angeles I felt a poverty of the senses; the stifling of authentic exposure. I shared my experiences of a dozen years ago in Vermont, and how I wished I could recapture that sense of calm and brightness. \You're suffering from Vermont Deficit Disorder,\ he explained. \But there is a cure.\
Hotels For Some Fireside Warmth (PHOTOS) With winter upon us in the northern hemisphere, it's time to warm up with some of our favorite hotel hearths. Because whether you're high in the Alps or at the heart of a city, there's nothing quite like sitting by the fire.
One of Napa's Best Dining Experiences Isn't At a Restaurant -- It's at a Winery A winery creating food and wine pairings for guests is nothing new, and Napa Valley certainly has plenty of wonderful restaurants.  But I have to say that I was blown away by the pairing that the winery calls Enoteca Signorello.
Munich There are Asian touches throughout the 73-room hotel (including a volume of Buddhist teachings in the bedside table along with the usual Gideon bible), but the general impression is of international luxury in a comfortable space.
Enjoying Philadelphia's Spring Festival Season A smaller version of the National Cherry Blossom Festival in DC, Philadelphia also promotes and celebrates Japanese culture in America.
Europe Snow Storms Are Inconvenient, Beautiful (PHOTOS) Severe storms have taken Western Europe by surprise, dropping enough snow to force flight cancellations , suspend the Eurostar
Prepping For The Ultimate Backcountry Ski Trip Visiting a new mountain range and venturing outside of the ski area boundary can be a daunting, and potentially dangerous undertaking. The key to making it safe and fun is doing your homework.
A Survival Guide To Honolulu International Airport Welcome to paradise! Enjoy the traffic.
Best Beach Awards 2013 Where to go if you're looking for romance, adventure or just a great boardwalk.
Train Spotting in Paris at Le Train Bleu Dine surrounded by beautiful Belle Epoque artistry, savor the food and wine, and dream of what the french call the \golden age.\
Dennis Rodman, Kim Jong Un In an interview with CNN affiliate KXJB, Rodman now claims that he will return to the country in August to vacation with
O'Hare Airport Food Not Meeting Passenger, Employee Demand For Fresh, Local Choices A new survey by Unite Here Local 1, which represents more than 1,100 cooks, servers, bartenders and baristas at Chicago's
10 Of The Least Tourist-Friendly Nations On Earth (PHOTOS) Some of these spots are beautiful, but you should still think twice about planning a visit.
Fine Dining In London However elegant his restaurants and precise his cooking, Mr. Koffmann has never gone in for prissy food, and at least one ventricle of his heart has always been in his native Gascony.
Forgotten Brooklyn Once its own independent city, Brooklyn became a borough of New York City in 1898. The thriving area, home to about 2.6 million
What's New In Germany, Hungary And Austria For 2013 Getting into the Reichstag, Berlin's parliament building, has been difficult over the last few years due to changing security and entrance procedures. Things have finally settled down.
What 'Play' Means Around The World We asked people from around the world to show us what their community defines as \play.\  No athletes allowed.
The Volcano Hunters; Daredevil Photographers Create Art Out Of Lava And Water (VIDEO) Can you imagine risking your life to take a photograph? War photographers do it every day, of course, but so do the people
Denied A Hotel Room Because You're Not Gay Enough? Hotels turn away guests for all kinds of reasons, but here's one you don't hear every day
The World's Craziest Spa Services Sometimes spa treatments tip over the edge of relaxing and enter the realm of the downright strange.
5 Museums In Rome To Visit While The Sistine Chapel Is Closed Even during the frenzy of a conclave Rome has more art than clergy.
National Historic Landmarks On Monday, Secretary of the Interior Ken Salazar designated 13 new sites across the United States as National Historic Landmarks
PHOTOS Cruise ships aren't all huge or clumsy.
Why Australia? Then came more movies
Are Monasteries Myanmar's Next Great Hotels? (PHOTOS) The monastery would reportedly be treated as a \home stay,\ but the Nyaung Shwe Monastery is a bit more memorable than the
Beating Jet Lag Before it Beats You Just say \Om\ -- breathing exercises and downward dogs will get you in a positive mental state.
Tips For Spending Easter Week In Rome Vatican City generally prepares for large crowds during Easter, but now it's likely there will be enormous crowds of people.
5 Truly Epic Swimming Pools (PHOTOS) As you think about booking your spring vacation this year, what better way to truly unwind and relax then by basking in your own pool as you listen to the gentle lapping of waves?
Bali Is More Than Beaches Most villas and resorts perch along the Ayung River, harboring some sublime views of jungle, rice terraces, and gorges.
Your Weekly Travel Zen This week's Moment of Travel Zen comes to us from Smita Malhotra in Santorini, Greece. \Santorini is one of the most beautiful
Cast Away On Fabulous Fiji (PHOTOS) How to spend a day in Fiji
National Park Hikes Perfect For When Spring Actually Arrives (PHOTOS) For many hikers, spring shoulder season- - when daylight outpaces nighttime and the snowpack starts to melt -- calls to mind swarms of merciless biting insects and ankle-deep mud wallows. But spring has plenty more going for it.
Ding Darling National Wildlife Refuge The place is quiet but for birdsong, wind and arthritic groan of the mangroves themselves. The only loud colors are on the snails that seek out the Gumbo Limbo trees, a relief from floral apparel.
5 Signs Of A Baby-Friendly Hotel Your baby might be too young for PB&J sandwiches and chicken fingers, but ask if there's a kid's menu anyway; it's a tell-tale sign that the hotel's restaurant caters to children.
Japan's Earthquake Coast Emerges From The Nightmare (PHOTOS) A number of city's are still trying to figure out what to do with the wastelands left by the killer waves.
Dignity protecting sea turtles in northwest Mexico is becoming generational and cool. People know that turtles are worth more alive than dead and that they represent ocean health, responsible fishing, and resilient communities.
How To Survive The World's Longest Flights If you're flying 15 to 18 hours, you really should try to get some sleep. Decide if you want to sleep when your body decides it's time or if you're going to try and get on the time schedule of your destination.
Art Of The Olympians This is the museum by which all other museums should be measured. It is so perfectly average that it ought to be used as a unit of measurement for better collections.
Exploring Tulum With Your Family In its heyday, Tulum served as a port of call for mariners and traders, and its walls defined the ancient town's defense against invaders from sea and land.
An Afternoon With A Las Vegas Showgirl When Las Vegas introduced showgirls in 1959, the law was that for them to be nude, they could not move. That led to the iconic image of showgirls just standing still.
Greece Poised To Make A Tourism Comeback Doerte Nordbeck from market research group GfK showed in a presentation at the ITB travel fair this week that bookings to
Vancouver Travel 2:30 p.m. - Archeological evidence indicates people have lived in the Vancouver area since 500 B.C. Visit the Museum of Anthropology
The Most Crowded Spring Break Destinations (PHOTOS) \March Madness\ has a different meaning when talking about spring break.
Hungary's Surprising Wine Culture Some of Hungary's best wines come from the foothills of the Zempien Mountains, in the north.
Shanghai Disneyland To Open At End Of 2015 (PHOTO) The Disney empire's latest outpost, Shanghai Disneyland, will open in late 2015, reports the Associated Press. During a meeting
The Seaside Charm Of Wales It was built in 1131 as a religious house by Cistercian Monks and despite the shell of this structure being open to the skies, it remains the best-preserved medieval abbey in Wales.
Spring Break 2013 Big cities also got a lot of interest from travelers, with New York, Los Angeles and San Francisco all in the top 10. Kayak's
You Know You're in Kenya When... For every country we visit on our 500-day trip around the world, we like to capture all the charms and quirks that make a country so unique in our series \You Know You're in ____When...\ but no country's oddball encounters have stood out more than Kenya.
Emilia-Romagna, a Revelation If pasta is considered the iconic comfort food, then it is Emilia Romagna we must thank for placating our palates with tortellini, tagliatelle, lasagne and cappelletti.
Philadelphia's Hidden History Fortunately, locals are working to preserve even the most esoteric historical gems. Hidden City Philadelphia runs occasional
Tulip Season Blooms In Amsterdam's Keukenhof Gardens Keukenhof Gardens is truly beautiful. The sheer scale immerses you in color and fragrance.
Does America Have A Secret Crush On The TSA? Yes, terrorists have been stopped, but neither the underwear bomber nor the shoe bomber were apprehended by the TSA. They were stopped by alert passengers.
32 Hotel Bathrooms With Amazing Views (PHOTOS) Here are our favorite hotel views from the best seat in the house.
Confessions Of A Southwest Airlines Lost And Found Agent Imagine you have just returned home after a long flight and realize you've accidentally left your brand new iPad tucked in
An Unexpected Journey To South Africa's Fantasy Kingdom (PHOTOS) Was Tolkien describing the Amatola Mountains?
The Travel And Tourism Industry Is Poised For Take-Off The world's travel and tourism industry has bounced back from a period when it seemed to be battered by every conceivable shock. Now on a path of growth once more, it has the potential to play a big role in helping to bring about a sustainable global economic recovery.
6 Smaller But Memorable European Cities Here you will be awed by the forest of 850 stone columns topped by red-and-white-striped arches in an architectural style that not only spans centuries (the 8th to the 10th), but also religions.
Europe Looks To Take Advantage Of Growing Chinese Tourism By Victoria Bryan and Clare Kane \Forty years ago, when Germans and Brits first started coming to Spain and Greece, they
Surfing in Costa Rica The steps seemed simple. After a few minutes, I ventured in to the water. Brett and his staff helped us navigate the shore
Dream Villa Vacations Worth The Splurge (PHOTOS) Even if these spots are out of your price range, there's no harm in taking a peek.
Local Hotspots in Barcelona Being one of the most visited cities in the world, it can be a bit of a challenge to escape the throngs of tourists and find some authentic local culture in Barcelona. But the raging nightlife here isn't just for the year-round influx of travelers.
8 Great Croatian Escapes Beyond Dubrovnik Sixteen turquoise lakes are linked by cascades of all shapes and sizes. It is truly a watery wonderland where wooden walkways take you over, under and through the rushing water.
Ask Airfarewatchdog Because you're probably on Medicare, you should know that your medical insurance won't cover costs abroad.
Paul Monahan Loves Boston I miss taking the red line home in the morning after work and watching commuters start their days. I miss watching the city repeat itself every night.
Rob Lutter Cycling The World, Sharing Story Via Instagram (PHOTOS) Rob Lutter set off from London on an around-the-world journey in 2011, bringing with him only a tent, bike, SLR camera and
JFK Terminal 4 To Get Shake Shack, Blue Smoke, Marcus Samuelsson Concept And More (PHOTOS) Chef Marcus Samuelsson, no stranger to airport dining, is also launching two concepts
United Airlines Holds Plane So Passenger Kerry Drake Can Say Goodbye To His Dying Mother As it turns out, United flight 667 was delayed leaving San Francisco. Drake was visibly distraught. You can't prepare for a moment like this, but now came the very real possibility that he wouldn't have chance to see his mother before she passed away.
TSA Carry-On Rules The TSA issued a statement about the policy, saying
Nok Air Flight Attendants This also isn't the first time flight attendant issues have left people shaking their heads. Back in February, flight attendants
Relief for the Weary at the Peninsula Shanghai Spa All long flights should have an automatic inclusion of a massage, a travel relief package to ease the body over to another time zone! After a visit to the Peninsula Spa, the almost 13 hours on the airplane didn't seem quite as long.
Inside The World's Only Pirate Cemetery Cyclones and centuries have worn away many of the well-aged engravings on the stone markers.
Travels With Journey to the Montage Experience ultimate green luxury, fine dining, the spa and forget the kennel fee.. treat you and your pet to the very best... Montage
An Active Beach Vacation at Jade Mountain, St. Lucia Stimulating endorphins is just as important as resting the body when you're on holiday, and on a recent trip to Jade Mountain on the beautiful island nation of St. Lucia we realized we really can have it all.
Tower of Babble Recently I began to study in Israel's famed Ulpan Hebrew immersion classes. There are those who say that Hebrew isn't that difficult to learn but they are liars.
Eating Austin Sure, you could go to a Starbucks. But just up the hill from 6th Street, check out this hidden treasure inside one of the best venues for SXSW Music, St. David's Episcopal Church.
Finding The Alternatives To Disney World's Iconic Attractions Despite the allure of Disney's iconic attractions, there are always new treasures to discover.
The Man Who Drove Around The World It was 1956 and, accompanied by his wife Elinor, Ben Carlin had travelled 9,000 miles from England to Calcutta by land and sea aboard an amphibious Army jeep. The trip had been hell.
The ABC's of Travel Lifting my carryon luggage into a bin, I saw a row with two empty seats me
Is The Media Stopping You From Traveling the World? News outlets like CNN will tell you that the world is a scary place. \u00a0They make you think Latin America is riddled with senseless killings and drug crimes.
The Weirdest Hotel Signs We've Ever Seen (PHOTOS) What on Earth could this possibly mean?
The World's 25 Best Hotels For Families, According To TripAdvisor (PHOTOS) Following in the footsteps of its lists of the best beaches, most romantic hotels, and world's best hotels, TripAdvisor announced
Hotel Room Prices Stay Low As Europe Gets Affordable (INFOGRAPHIC) Over the course of the last year, the price of European hotel rooms has increased by only 1 percent -- a fairly stunning
Spring Break It's that time of year again
What Airlines Won't Tell You During The Safety Demonstration The flight attendants don't explain everything during the safety demonstration.
The Best Unknown California Destinations (PHOTOS) We kind of hate to be sharing our best-kept secrets, but it's our job, after all.
Myanmar's Forgotten People The ethnic Chin people -- the tribe whose older women still wear the traditional facial tattoos -- number approximately 1.5 million and are spread between Myanmar and neighbouring India.
Spring Break 2013 Destinations For Nerds Spring break in Cancun isn't for everyone. In fact -- despite its perennial popularity -- it likely appeals to the rather
10 Ways To Make Flying Coach Comfier Got a lemon of a coach-class seat? Make lemonade with these tips for a comfier in-flight experience.
From Poutine to Beignewiches, Where to Get the Best Food in Montreal Best New Restaurant | Blackstrap BBQ | 4436 Rue Wellington Nestled away in Verdun, this newcomer to the Montreal food scene
Dangerous Destinations When we look at the U.S. State Department's Travel Advisory list, we see limitless potential for amazing adventures, including skiing the Middle East, desert treks to remote indigenous villages and lazing on white sand beaches across Africa. Based on our research of these dangerous locations, we've come up with the list of the hottest destinations of the future.
Zion National Park's Subway Gets Ready For Its Close Up (PHOTOS) \The Subway\ at Utah's Zion National Park may not actually constitute public transport, but the stunning natural tunnel created
Florida In The Age Of Technicolor Motels (PHOTOS) Florida has always attracted a steady stream of sun seekers, but the beachcombers and the cities they visited looked exceedingly
As Amtrak Booms, New Rail Hubs Emerge (PHOTOS) The report makes a compelling argument for those championing the continuation of the government subsidies that have allowed
How To Lose A 'Free' Airline Ticket Points are the airline's property and can be confiscated at any time, for any reason. To some air travelers, that makes them worthless.
7 Foods To Avoid While Traveling Contaminated water is one of the world's leading causes of illness.
Your Weekly Travel Zen This week's Moment of Travel Zen comes to us from Kristen Skinner on Gili Trawangan, Indonesia last July. After riding bikes
How To Look Good At 30,000 Feet The night before my flight home, I think back to my training and exfoliate, slather my face in thick moisturizer and eye cream, and drink a lake's worth of water.
Joel Slaven, Animal Trainer & Show Producer, Talks What It Takes To Put On A Show At SeaWorld, Busch Gardens & The Columbus Zoo HPT
5 Hotel Health Risks You Didn't Know About Let's face it
De-Stress At The World's 15 Best (And Most Affordable) Destination Spas (PHOTOS) The world's luxury destination spas are the ultimate in stress-free vacationing, but unfortunately, these havens of tranquility
Shake Off Winter In Laid Back And Affordable Tampa The world's longest continuous sidewalk!
Best Travel Gear For Business Travelers (PHOTOS) LinkedIn asked 10 travel-industry CEOs, executives and writers
What Happens When 2 Canadians Visit The Daytona 500? So during my bathroom break I took a cue from the pit crews and did my business with speed. And when the final lap was called
Spring Break Travel Tips 5. Drink Wisely. 3. Take Extra Safety Precautions. While there's nothing wrong with indulging a little while you're on vacation
Spring Break Travel With A Purpose Spring break provides an incredible opportunity to do some volunteer work and have a vacation too.
On Whether India Is A Safe Destination For Solo Women Travelers The web is abuzz with stories and articles highlighting the issue of whether it's safe for women to travel solo. The consensus, for the most part (mostly by women travelers) is that it's not the actual travel or travel to one particular country that is the problem. It's the mindset and the growing problem of general violence against women in world.
Ask Airfarewatchdog Whatever happened to \free\ frequent flier tickets?
Experience Belgrade Like A Local (PHOTOS) Did you know that Belgrade translates to White City? Belgrade is no stranger to historic and iconic buildings and has plenty of highlights that guide books recommend you visit.
New Zealand... From the TV to the Classroom Often, the exposure we give to certain countries one season opens up new dialogues with other nations we haven't yet visited. We're in constant contact with tourism boards around the world, and when they ask us to come back again, we know we've done something right.
9 Surprising Travel Tricks That Work What you can do if you miss the window for free cancellation. (It's pretty sneaky.)
Ghosts Of The Canadian Rockies (VIDEO) And it's not just snow ghosts -- the towering pine trees draped in snow and encrusted by a layer of ice -- which sparkle against an unforgivingly cold blue sky.
10 \Italian\ Foods You Won't Find In Italy Immigrants must make do with local ingredients and, if they want their restaurants to survive, adapt traditional recipes to please their clientele.
Norwegian Epic Turned Away From Nassau, Bahamas Over Scheduling Mix Up One of the world's largest cruise ships was turned away from Nassau in the Bahamas last week after the port forgot to save
Chelyabinsk, Russian Meteor's Destination, To Become Tourist Hot Spot? Closer to home, residents in New Orleans' Lower 9th Ward are pushing back against tour operators who bus out-of-towners in
Vintage Air Travel We often write about the glory days of air travel, back before the TSA, long lines and bag fees. But what did that era look
United Premier Access Service Skips Security Lines, Includes Other Benefits For A Price \With both United\u2019s Premier Access and American\u2019s Five Star Service, travelers receive expedited security as one of many
Tipping Guide For a country by country look, reference Mint.com's map or Conde Nast Traveler's guide here. Bell caps
14 Extraordinary Festivals Around The World (PHOTOS) Whether steeped in solemnity or sprung from pure silliness, festivals around the world never cease to intrigue, amaze or
After Three Decades, Donn Arden's Jubilee! Still Sizzles After staring from my window at Caesar's Palace, across the street to the towering advertisement for Jubilee! I had to learn more.
Love The TSA? There's A Cure For That At a time when the federal agency assigned to protect America's transportation systems can least afford it, there was another dust-up involving a young passenger.
Silent Retreats The perfect antidote to the constant noise of busy, work-driven urban lives.
Top 10 Airports For A Layover Interactive cultural activities, a driving range, complimentary movie zones, multiple areas for fueling up, logging on, or chilling out -- what's not to like about this perennial favorite among savvy travelers?
In Myanmar, Making A Real Connection (PHOTOS) It has always been my belief that if you can communicate with locals in another country, you can have an authentic, personal experience no matter where you are. But Myanmar (Burma) was daunting. I couldn't read the script, couldn't comprehend one word of what people were saying and, when I opened my mouth, no one could understand me either. Then I made a connection.
What's New In Great Britain In 2013 Along England's southern coast, the Portsmouth Historic Dockyard complex will soon welcome a new museum displaying the 16th-century warship Mary Rose.
Carnival Triumph I've been asked several times if I feel comfortable and safe going on a cruise, especially after this latest incident. The simple answer is I wouldn't think twice and neither should you!
Day At The Beach On Anna Maria Island Here, life moves at a tangibly slower pace than what most visitors are accustomed to back home. ''Once you come over that last bridge from the mainland, you just breath differently on the island,'' says one local.
Airline Food When we last checked in with Charles Platkin, aka The Diet Detective, he had just released his sixth Annual Airline Snacking
London's Most Literate Pubs Dickens mentions the Spaniards in his novel The Pickwick Papers, Bram Stoker names it in Dracula and Keats allegedly wrote Ode to a Nightingale in the garden.
Jason Lloyd Clement Loves The Wilson County Courthouse Towns don't come together over updated mechanical systems and the methodical re-pointing of bricks. Towns join hands because of people, passion and their shared experiences with places.
What Is It Like To Live at the South Pole? There is also a library, and a lounge that has even more books readily available, and internet is available - although due
The South Korea I Still Miss Living abroad for several months can give travelers the opportunity to witness firsthand how others live. After I left my
5 Boutique Hotels With Sex Appeal (PHOTOS) We picked our favorite boutiques that have all the necessary trappings for romance.
10 Cities Making The Most Of Spring Mardi Gras may be over, but the party is just getting started in the Big Easy.
Frequent Fliers Complain About Lack of Legroom, Fees In New TripAdvisor Survey (VIDEO) What tops the very long list of in-flight gripes? Frequent fliers say a universal lack of legroom is the thing that really
How I Fell Madly In Love With Belize In Belize, I fell down a cliff into Tiger Creek, 20 yards from an 800-foot waterfall, ruined my new camera, nearly lost my lucky hat and endured pounding rain and roads as bumpy as political budget talks. Yet, I can't wait to go back.
A Day Of Shopping, Sunning And History In Port St. Joe, Florida's 'First Capital' A small town with a big heart. The proud residents of this burg are fond of that municipal nickname, and it's hard to dispute its accuracy.
Captivating Wayanad, A Spicy Forest Hideaway In North Kerala While Kerala is renowned for its backwaters and the houseboats that cruise them, the terrain of its mountainous Western Ghats on the southern tip of the Deccan Plateau is spectacular too. Tangled jungle, intimate valleys and exposed ridges are interspersed with plantations and palm trees, and of course give shelter to a wide variety of animals.
Grand Canyon National Park's Many Faces (PHOTOS) Thanks to President Woodrow Wilson laying down his signature on an act of Congress, most of the Grand Canyon was set aside
Dusty Roads, Former American Airlines Flight Attendant, Talks Fighting Gender Discrimination With The Airlines (VIDEO) In 1953, American Airlines announced that all female flight attendants would retire at age 32. In 1963, a group of female
Why You Should Take A Vacation Right Now If you really can't totally stay away from the office on your break, Forbes contributor Erika Anderson suggests attacking
Bear Grylls Air New Zealand Safety Video Gives In-Flight Tips (VIDEO) TV host and survival expert Bear Grylls stars in a new in-flight safety video for Air New Zealand which will be played on
10 Things Americans Can Learn From Bangkok The Chao Phraya River winds through the heart of Bangkok, passing the ancient golden temples and brand news skyscrapers jostle
Single Skiing You've got 'em cornered and they can't even throw a drink in your face.
6 Places To Swim With Dolphins Looking to give your family an experience to remember? Put a dolphin encounter at the top of your list.
Forbes Travel Guide Releases 2013 Star Award Winners The prestigious Forbes Travel Guide Star Award Winners (which recognizes exceptional hotels, restaurants and spas all over the world) are out, and according to Forbes editors this is the biggest list to date (it also includes Forbes Travel Guide recommendations in various cities). These hotels, restaurant and spas don't bear a star, but they provide guests with a strong sense of location, whether through style or function.
7 Unknown Islands That Won't Be For Very Long Where to go when you really want to get away from it all.
Munich Travel As the Michelin guide says of three-star restaurants, Munich's opera and food were both \Worth the journey.\
10 Picturesque European Cathedrals (PHOTOS) As well as serving their religious purpose, Europe's cathedrals now rank among the most popular and beautiful attractions in the world.
Wild Nature In Baja California And The Sea Of Cortez Just south of the international border in Mexico, the Sonoran Desert stretches to meet the Sea of Cortez. Remote springs and oases provide relief to an arid landscape of cactus and mountains, bordered by coastal wetlands and an ocean teaming with wildlife.
Europe And The Modern Backpacker Technology has transformed the backpacking culture such that friends are kept updated to the minute of what their traveling buddies are doing half way around the world.
Lantern Festival Ends Chinese New Year In Style The Chinese New Year's festivities that began in late January and ramped up over the last few weeks have come to a close
San Francisco's Forgotten Attractions (PHOTOS) There's more to the city than the Golden Gate Bridge.
Luxurious Cruise Trends For 2013 (PHOTOS) No, floating aimlessly in the Gulf of Mexico is not a trend.
What's New In France In 2013 Gondolas will continue operating on the Mont Blanc lift up from Chamonix to the Aiguille du Midi and over to Helbronner -- but only in summer and, even then, only in good weather.
The Mysterious Mountain Kingdom of Lesotho With the lowest point of the kingdom over 1,000 meters above sea level, Lesotho is officially the planet's highest country.
Faith Fights Flu Fears At Tokyo's Health Temples Koganji has been drawing hopeful health seekers to Sugamo since 1656. Believers come to pray to the powerful Togenuki Jizo statue.
Beijing In Three (Long) Days The hill you climb up was made from the earth that was displaced to make the moat that surrounds the Forbidden City.
Azerbaijan Focuses On The Future While I was in the country, the President was opening a vast ski resort in the Shahdagh region complete with five star facilities. This sort of news is fairly common.
Where To Blow Off Steam In Walt Disney World (PHOTOS) Most people think of a Disney vacation as one of non-stop action. Whether it's spending hours in line, shopping 'til you
Your Weekly Travel Zen Sometimes there is peace in the most unexpected places. This week's Moment of Travel Zen comes to us from Anatoly Soshilov
10 Travel Scenes In Oscar-Winning Movies (VIDEOS) With the Academy Awards coming up on Sunday, it's high time we looked at some of the most \travel-y\ moments in Oscar-nominated
Food Tourism In the last decade, there is emerging another exciting reason to travel -- to discover and taste the food in cities throughout the world.
5 Destinations Showcased In Oscar-Nominated Films It is the time of year movie-buffs can't wait for, the run-up to the Oscars. Travelers can also delight in visiting the enchanting corners of the earth that this year's greatest films inspired us to visit.
10 Ways To Save At A Luxury Hotel The sluggish economy hasn't dampened our love affair with luxury resorts, but it has certainly shifted our priorities.
Hotels Perfectly Matched To Your Profession Luckily we've got everyone covered, from financiers to fashionistas.
Telavi, Georgia's Stunningly Good Shopping Beautiful wedges of goat cheese, carrots, onions, beans and fresh parsley are displayed by men and women bordering the edge of the sidewalk.
How To Save Money On Airline Tickets Carrying luggage comes at a price, an ever-growing price.
9 Places For Travelers To Blow Off Steam (PHOTOS) The question is how to blow of steam without hurting other people or generally wreaking havoc -- also how to do it near the
The World's Craziest Hotel Pools (PHOTOS) Think infinity pools with sweeping views.
The Best Places To Eat And The Best Wines To Drink In Spain In this Postcard from Spain, our guide Bo Lohmann shares with us his favorite Spanish recipes, wines and sights (plus tells us the real reason why he always travels with a Swiss Army knife).
Viewing The New Face Of Ecuador's Old City Experiencing Quito is, in a word, a surprise; a revelation from start to finish. From its energetic, newly restored La Ronda district with its tiny, jewel-box arts and crafts shops, to its heart-stopping vistas from on high that rival the Amalfi Coast; from La Mariscal's non-stop party atmosphere to today's artisans and designers creating amazing works inspired by pre-Columbian times, Quito is quixotic, kaleidoscopic and, yes, surprising. It is, in fact, the quintessential travel experience we all seek.
Vacation Bound! What to Do With the Pets? No matter where you travel, or who you leave behind, the end goal is to make your pet's day consistent and routine. Select an option that will give you the greatest peace of mind. Now pack up, unplug, and enjoy yourself. Bone voyage!
There Is A Better Way To Screen Airline Passengers The scanners haven't foiled a single terrorist attack.
Jordan Becomes An Oasis In The Middle East Jordan's capital, Amman, balances more modern elements that add a cosmopolitan flair to the natural beauty of this traditional kingdom.
Pilot Plays Piano To Entertain Stranded Passengers In St. Louis (VIDEO) As wicked winter weather moves over the Midwest this week, naturally a slew of airline passengers have found themselves faced
Playing Location Scout As we walk out of the theater, we discuss what we just saw on the big screen
What's New In Italy For 2013 Formerly presented every other year, the Venice Biennale -- a world-class, contemporary fair -- is now an annual event.
Singapore In 10 Attractions Or Less (VIDEO) Singapore is unique amongst foreign destinations. As a city-state, there's a finite amount of space to explore and the \path\ is often quite beaten by the travelers who've come before.
8 Great Tips For Cycling Europe It's natural to be nervous about your first multi-day cycling European cycling vacation. Here, Pure Adventure Self Guided Travel guides and fans share their travel tips for having a fun and memorable holiday.
New Orleans Jazz Fest On The Cheap New Orleans on Mardi Gras is like a kid hopped on Halloween candy. A good time is a guarantee, but is it worth it? Maybe not. Don't fret if you missed out on the Mardi Gras frenzy. Instead, plan a visit this spring for the equally exciting New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival
A Shocking Message For Airlines Airlines
Jungle River The Rio Negro, I am told, is a river like any other.
Tina Fey Hits Disney World's Epcot (PHOTOS) After \30 Rock\ ended its seven-year run last month, Tina Fey deserved a quick breather. And she got one...at the happiest
Castel Gandolfo When Pope Benedict announced that he would resign last week, speculation immediately turned toward who would pick up where
Where Locals Shop Around The World (PHOTOS) There is perhaps no other place that encapsulates a location's economy, history and hygiene standards like the spot where
10 Music Festivals That Will Rock 2013 Tucked away on the eastern slope of Mount Takenoko at the Naeba Ski Resort, this event draws die-hard music fans willing to travel far and wide to get there.
Readers' Favorite Subway Stations Around The Globe (PHOTOS) We wouldn't mind commuting through these.
6 Hotels Assembled From Factories  (PHOTOS) In the early 1900s, the Colony Arcade Building was brimming with milliners from the L. F. Castle Company, Bonhotal Company
How Not To Handle A Tourism Crisis While riots, violence, and other domestic and civil disturbances frequently flare up in places like Mexico, Brazil, Greece, Korea, Thailand and many other popular international destinations, American travelers still flock to these hotspots to soak up their sun, tour their sites and spend hoards of money. While this trend may seem counterintuitive, it reflects the successful adoption and sponsorship of a more advanced and nuanced set of strategies and tactics to promote continued tourism to these destinations.
5 Things To Love About Asheville, North Carolina Fantastic Food Beer and Wine Art --Emily Starbuck Crone Asheville innkeepers overwhelmingly agree that the local art galleries
The Car Rental Industry's Double Standards If you were the last person to rent the vehicle, you're on the hook for whatever damage they want to charge you or your insurance company. You just have to take them at their word.
How to Travel Like You Own Downton Abbey As Season 3 of the acclaimed and addictive Masterpiece series Downton Abbey draws to its climactic close this Sunday, Feb
Kevin Michael Connolly Loves Bozeman, Montana In a largely rural state, you had a cosmopolitan vibe about you.
China Train Travel Thirty-six hours is the lifespan of the adult mayfly. It is the average work week (plus one hour of overtime) in France. It
Where America's Old Money Stays and Plays (PHOTOS) Want to live like a Rockefeller on your next vacation? Want a voyeuristic peek into the world of the rich and powerful? These
The World's Best Beaches, According To TripAdvisor (PHOTOS) Every year around this time, TripAdvisor releases its list of the world's best beaches. Culled from a list of 276 beaches
A Secret Sanctuary In Midtown Manhattan There is a discreet spot in midtown Manhattan with 100 loose-leaf tea varieties from all over the world -- and with every type of pot and glass for serving them.
Hotel Del Coronado Check out some vintage photos of the Del below. Particularly interesting are the additions of a school for the children of
Tropical Islands Resort Is A Caribbean Getaway INSIDE A German Aircraft Hangar When life gives you an aircraft hangar, make an indoor tropical island. Oh, and let's not forget a Tropical Sea the size
Chinese Tourists And The Luxury Travel Problem Not according to Global Blue, a tax-free shopping guide, which reports that the majority of China\u2019s luxury tourists admit
The World's 21 Most On-Time Airlines (PHOTOS) Only one U.S. carrier cracked the top 10 on this list.
Oymyakon, The World's Coldest Inhabited Place (PHOTOS) You think you're cold? The remote Russian town of Oymyakon (in the northeast corner of the country) has a weather forecast
Wandering Along South Africa's Wild Coast (PHOTOS) Although the dawn of democracy has (slowly) started to integrate the Transkei with the rest of South Africa on a number of levels, the region still eludes many foreign and South African travelers.
What You Don't Know About Voluntourism We all know people who have participated in these programs, skipping off to a village for a few weeks and returning home with a dozen pictures of themselves hugging foreign children.
Why Right Now Is The Best Time To Travel The World (PHOTOS) The most difficult part about traveling the world isn't the logistics of the trip -- it's finding the motivation to go. It takes a lot of courage to leave your life and journey into the unknown.
Should Women Travel Solo? The fact that violence against women is endemic, not only in Turkey but in all parts of the world, demonstrates yet again that we haven't come as far as we'd like to think.
Presidents Day If every sign saying, \George Washington Slept Here\ were truthful, our foremost founding father certainly wouldn't have
10 Signs You're A Terrible Traveler You know the guy who's always holding up the plane by trying to cram five bags, a jacket, and a pillow into the overhead compartment? Don't be that guy.
Your Weekly Travel Zen Looking for a cozy place to vacation? This week's Moment of Travel Zen comes to us from Darby Roach. \As I rode my bicycle
How The Filthy Rich Really Travel Six members of the Russian parliament, their wives and adult children had planned a monthlong, $1 million vacation in Canada fishing, hunting, and stopping in Montreal for plastic surgery.
The Rowdiest Ski Town Bars (PHOTOS) You can shoot pool and toss darts in the back. This old saloon has a strong locals vibe, so be very respectful.
Underwater Planes And Graham Hawkes' Vision For Oceanic Tourism (PHOTOS) On an upcoming trip to Hawaii, Hawkes plans to join a group of new pilots watching Humpback Whales through his perfectly
Ask Airfarewatchdog You missed your connection -- but why was your return flight cancelled?
Most Romantic Hotel Fireplaces (PHOTOS) Some hotels treat guests to a gas fireplace in the privacy of your room, while others use a roaring fire to make a bold design statement at the center of the lobby or restaurant.
America's Best Cities For Gay Travel (PHOTOS) Being a gay-friendly destination these days means more than having a selection of bars or a gayborhood.
6 Fabulous Apres-Ski Hotel Spas (PHOTOS) What's better than crawling into a soft, warm bed after a long day of skiing? Well, very few things, but an apr\u00e8s-ski spa
The 16 Best Hidden Beaches Of Costa Rica (PHOTOS) You may think this destination is way too touristy, but most of the coastline remains as lovely and untouched as ever.
Why It's Time To Break The Code Of Silence At The Airport (VIDEO) Why do people keep their mouths closed when they feel violated? A combination of powerful motivators keeps air travelers quiet. Only by understanding these influences can we end them.
Complete Your Travel Bucket List In Six Months Recently, the travel blogosphere has been ablaze with discussion about \The Biggest, Baddest Bucket List,\ a travel competition being run by travel resource My Destination.
Presidents Day Travel Presidents Day was first established to nationally honor George Washington in 1885 (it had been celebrated in Washington
5 Ways to Survive a Travel Disaster First, take a minute and assess the situation. Concretely, what just happened? Try and separate your emotional reaction from the situation.
Bring Bug Spray And Leave The Heels At Home... When I'm traveling, I'm working. I find that as much as I might want to be a tourist in some of the fascinating locales where we shoot, I have very little downtime for any kind of fancy meals or nights on the town.
Palau's Jellyfish Lake and More Must-See Destinations Palau's main draw, of course, is water. Or, more specifically, what's below the water. They boast some of the best diving in the world.
7 Apps For Business Travelers Tripit can turn flight, hotel and car rental confirmation emails into simple mobile travel itineraries. SeatAlerts is the only way to painlessly secure a preferred airline seat, get out of the middle seat or ensure that you're seated next to your travel mate.
The Look Shabby-chic hotel design is a study in the art of textural contrasts
How to Cross the Street in a Delhi Market While Eating Jalebis and Searching for a Scarf This was it. I was saddened, realizing that I had just peaked in sheer happiness, and life could only be downhill from here.
Riding An Elephant In Thailand Whatever your view of elephant riding, the time together was life-changing -- not just for their sublime balance of majesty and gentleness, but for the gaze, which penetrates the ecological conscience.
10 Adventure Travel Trips For Right Now This year, you can cycle the once forbidden island of Cuba, explore unseen corners of Patagonia, and track gorillas in the deepest rainforest.
South Africa Travel If this tourism future is realized, it will largely be because of Kruger's charismatic wildlife. To meet these animals is
You Can Travel Or Stay At Home (PHOTOS) People often lament that they can't travel because their spouse or partner doesn't like to travel. If you suffer from this malady, stand up, shake it off, and start planning. Every couple knows about negotiation. Let the games begin!
The Best Bachelorette Party Getaways Traditionally a male macho experience, whitewater kayaking is drawing an increasing number of women's groups, not only for the sheer \you go girl\ fun of it, but also to be spoiled by hunky river brats.
Asian Hotels Pursue Panoramic Views (PHOTOS) Tokyo's Palace Hotel is home to a luxury spa that peeks into the city's Imperial Palace gardens.
American Airlines, US Airways Merger That's unclear. Combined, the airlines employ about 1.2 million people, and the carriers say in a statement that \Employees
Off-The-Radar Romantic Destinations Why not step away from it all and escape together for a journey and unique experiences that are JUST yours.
Dad, You're Always My Valentine What was it like to grow up with \Mr. Marriott\? Did you ever see him? The answer to the second question is \yes\ and reflects what a great dad he really is.
Gay Travel Because the march of progress is as unstoppable as the best pride parades, attitudes toward homosexuality are changing around
Where Romance And Sun Meet Luxury (PHOTOS) If you can't fall in love in these places, well, you need more help than a travel website can provide.
Valentine's Day Travel Packages What better way to spend time with the one you love than away in a romantic location? With Valentine's Day just round the corner, booking one of these getaways is a memorable way to celebrate.
Valentine's Day Travel Long a symbol of eternal fidelity (or those wishing for it, at least), love locks have adorned the bridges of some of the
A Dream Honeymoon at Walt Disney World? Walt Disney World is often viewed as a place where parents reluctantly take their children as a rite of passage. Despite this, Walt Disney World is a popular destination for honeymooners.
Tokyo's Robot Restaurant It feels like a sequence in a Sci Fi film or a bonus stage in a video game.
25 Incredible Ways To Propose Abroad On The Road For an adventurous way to mark your engagement, explore the jungle from the back of Thailand's gentle giants with an elephant ride in Phuket.
Brazil Tourism Videos Allow Digital Travelers To Explore Lesser-Known Cities Fortaleza Belo Horizonte Rio de Janeiro Brasilia Curitiba Recife In order to better promote the match sites, the country's
Craig Jimenez Loves San Diego You made my childhood exotic and unforgettable.
Mobile, Alabama Prepares For Carnival Triumph Arrival As Cruise Ship Is Towed To Gulf Coast Speaking with HuffPost Travel, Randel went on to explain the preparations the city is making in advance of the Triumph's
World's Rudest Place Names Those are examples of some of the more tame place names. For all of the rude places of the world, including the risque ones
Maxim Models Pose For Sexy Nok Airlines Calendar (PHOTOS) And he does have a point. Ryanair has raised hundreds of thousands of euros for charity thanks to its annual calendar, which
10 Romantic Castle Hotels In Europe (PHOTOS) While not all of us may be able to afford a trip to Europe, who doesn't dream of indulging that childhood dream of living like royalty for a few days in a centuries-old castle?
Explora Rapa Nui, The World's Most Remote Luxury Hotel (PHOTOS) The most remote luxury hotel in the world has more in common with a youth hostel than it'd like to admit. There are cool
Tourist Snapshots Help Researchers Understand Maldives' Whale Sharks The study, by Tim Davies, is big news not just because it will allow shark scientists the world over to track a mysterious
Michael Mina Dining in Las Vegas used to be about wolfing down all the mashed potatoes you could eat before heading back out to the slot machines. These days, it's about dizzying luxury, unbelievably exotic ingredients, globe-spanning diversity, eye-popping artisanry and sky-high standards.
From America's West Coast to East of the Jordan River Caff\u00e8 Strada serves Attibassi coffee in Amman. Strada (as the Rainbow Street hipsters call it) is stripped-down cool, authentically Rainbow Street on the outside, sleek and modern on the inside. It's community, a happy place with time-honored coffee and honest tea.
Locke-Ober's Cafe The Locke-Ober Caf\u00e9, one of the grand restaurants of not only Boston, but in the United States, closed its doors for business this past October, after being in business for 137 years. This was once Boston's power restaurant.
New Orleans' Best Cocktail Bars According To Foursquare (PHOTOS) On the fattest Tuesday of the year, there's no trouble finding a drink in the city that put Mardi Gras on the map. But for
Best Day Ever PLACENCIA, Belize \u2013 Wake up at Turtle Inn, the Francis Ford Coppola resort in Placencia, a sleepy Creole fishing village
Letter To A Younger Traveler You busted your ass, beat the odds and silenced the haters -- you made it to India! You've just made a huge step in your life as a traveler, and while there's a lot more work to be done, you deserve to savor and enjoy this moment.
Is Airport Security Helping Or Hurting? Maybe it's time to come to grips with the risk of terrorism and finally put it in a rational perspective.
Aviation Safety Flying on a commercial jetliner has never been safer. It will be four years on Tuesday since the last fatal crash in the
Fear Of Flying Despite these incredible statistics, there are likely still many who fear flying every day. Joe Thompson, a young British
Mile High Club According to travel website Skyscanner, a survey of more than 700 cabin crew members revealed that British flyers are the
Venice Carnival As Venice\u2019s annual Carnival celebration comes to a close, the city has been flooded by Acqua Alta and melting snow. The coincidence
High-Speed Rail Map Twu's map, as Slate points out, is more ambitious than Obama's $8 billion plan. Unlike Obama's proposed plan to draw trains
Vintage Travel Like other cruise ships, the America gradually faded at sea. Though it remained renowned for its beauty, its design ceased
Japan Week This March, Grand Central will do its best impression of Tokyo Station, with demonstrations, performances and, most exciting, lots of Japanese food and drink.
21c Museum Hotel Opens In Bentonville, Arkansas Near Crystal Bridges Museum (PHOTOS) Among the features of the new 21c are 12,000 feet of exhibition space that's freely open to the public 24/7, a restaurant
Lone Mountain Ranch, Montana's Cross Country Ski Paradise The pine branches gently grazed my jacket sleeves as we swooshed through the treelined trails blanketed with unbroken, fluffy snow that covered our skis and boots.
10 Winter Adventures In Norway (PHOTOS) Horse riding might seem like an activity best suited to grassy ranchlands and deserted beaches, but Norway's native fjord horses are well equipped to deal with the cold.
I Survived Heathrow's Terminal 5 -- With the Kindness of Strangers The food came close to being inedible -- an omelet that resembled a battered hockey puck, a white paste identified as potatoes on the menu, accompanied by four pieces of pale watermelon and six grapes plus a dead-white plastic-sealed icy Vienna roll and a putative apple dessert also dead-white.
New England Skiing After Winter Storm 'Nemo' But imperfection \u2013- not to mention charming colonial towns -\u2013 is part of the joy of skiing New England. Enthusiasts would
Torture At 30,000 Feet Are flight attendants behaving like petty tyrants on the plane, sometimes at the cost of our comfort, or are air travelers driving airline employees to it?
Argo Got It Right! As a Pan Am flight attendant who traveled often to Iran in the 1960s and 1970s, I was transfixed by the film Argo, transported back in time with a strong feeling of d\u00e9j\u00e0 vu.
Amritsar's Golden Temple Welcomes Tourists Sikh warriors patrol the temple. You'll notice them right away in their blue uniforms carrying various weapons.
Your Weekly Travel Zen This week's Moment of Travel Zen comes to us from Tom Cyr on the floor of the Madrid airport reading past journal entries
Celebrity Couples' Favorite Hotels (PHOTOS) You don't have to be a president, a president's mistress or a habitual divorcee to enjoy the luxuriant sexiness of a manicured suite.
Bangkok Travel The backpacker village of Khao San Road is worth inspection.
The World Wildlife Fund's Eco-Friendly Travel Tips When you travel, everything from your airplane to your tour operators to your souvenirs has an impact on the local economy, community and, ultimately, on the rest of the world.
7 Tremendous Beach Hotels Around The World (PHOTOS) That's the thrilling sense of liberation that comes with a stay at properties like Lizard Island Resort in Australia, where your suite's private terrace overlooks the Great Barrier Reef.
How To Have An Awesome Family Ski Vacation The best thing about staying in a self-catered condo or lodge on the slopes is that you can accommodate your own appetites and bio-rhythms.
Winter-Proof Log Cabins For A Snowstorm Getaway (PHOTOS) When we head into the great outdoors, we generally want an equally great indoors waiting for us. Also some hot chocolate.
Dubai's Outlandish Brunch Culture (PHOTOS) Madinat Jumeirah's weekly blowout may seem over the top, but Dubai's brunch scene is, generally, not for the faint of heart.
Trash Your Room At These Rock And Roll Hotels (PHOTOS) If you want to drop a beat, or just pick up the vibes left behind by some of your favorite musicians, check out these rock-ready hotels.
Lima My Lima interlude led me to discover a panorama of busy neighborhoods and colorful city squares, to partake in incredible food and drinks and seal it all with the kiss.
Most Romantic Destinations According to HuffPost readers.
How To Plan Your Valentine's Day Adventure Whether you head to the beach, the mountains, the city or stay at home, it's all about weaving romance into activities wherever you are.
Avebury Stone Circle Named World's Second Best Heritage Site (PHOTOS) This stone circle beat out Machu Picchu and the Taj Mahal. And, no, it's not Stonehenge.
5 Ways To Change Your Flight During A Winter Storm If you were planning to travel to or from the East Coast this weekend, chances you're tracking Winter Storm Nemo.
The Best Chinese Restaurants In America (PHOTOS) Just how all-American is Chinese food? We've been placing delivery orders since the 1920s,and there are now more than 41,000 Chinese restaurants in the U.S.
Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Introduces A New Chinese Destination To Americans But Guilin has never been a particularly popular destination for foreigners. The infrastructure isn't fabulous and few locals
The Best Live Music Venues In Europe Europe brings to mind pining poets, romantic composers and wine-flushed lovers. But the birthplace of Western music is anything but calm and quiet.
New York Fashion Week Or head to Brooklyn to see the designers at the Brooklyn Flea, which is currently housed in the beautiful former Williamsburg
Vintage Afghanistan Photos Show Life And Travel In The 1960s Before Afghanistan became synonymous with the war and the Taliban, it looked quite a bit different. Judging from these vintage
5 Gorgeous Waterfalls To Visit (PHOTOS) Where are the most beautiful waterfalls in the world?
The 21 Most Memorable Boutique Hotels On Earth (PHOTOS) These hotels are all unique in their own way and each more unforgettable than the last.
A Russian Village That Creates Art And Jobs The eccentric art installations bring over 30,000 visitors to the tiny village and its surrounding territory each year, bolstering the still struggling economy.
New England Blizzard Airlines have begun instituting flexible rebooking waivers ahead of a major winter storm that threatens to dump up to two
What The World Discoverer Can Teach Us About The Costa Concordia An aging wreck shows what might have happened if Giglio made the slightly more eccentric but potentially more savvy choice to keep the wreck as a monument and attraction.
Happy Memories of A Trip to Southwest France -- Edward Goldman is an art critic and the host of Art Talk, a program on art and culture for Santa Monica NPR affiliate
A Long Weekend in Porto, Portugal (PHOTOS) One of the busiest and most fashionable streets in Porto is Rua Galerias de Paris, which -- no wonder -- is spotted by some cafes and restaurants reminiscent of Paris.
The Strangest Towns On Earth (PHOTOS) Slab City, CA, is unafraid to embrace its quirks.
Northeast Blizzard Travel Remember when snow storms were fun?
For Sarai Sierra and Solo Travel For me, traveling alone is far better than dying a slow death of desperation or frustration. Of course, as women we need to take important steps to make sure that where we go is safe and others can easily contact us.
8 Easy Ways to Choose a Home Swap Club and Enjoy a Dream Vacation for Half the Price Do you want to vacation in a flat in Florence, or a cottage in Canada, or a mansion in Mexico for free? The place to begin is to join a house exchange club. The good news is there are more than 70 clubs to choose from. The bad news is there are more than 70 clubs to choose from.
9 Sexy Hotels For Valentine's Day In an effort to appeal to U.S. travelers who may be taking advantage of the long weekend, hotels and resorts are pulling out all the stops to make your Valentine's Day trip a memorable one.
Does The TSA Keep Too Many Secrets? If you think the American government keeps too many secrets, you should meet Jose Lacson.
Beijing's Abandoned Amusement Park (PHOTOS) A disorienting staircase with no railings winds up the castle's main tower before stopping abruptly at a wall near the top.
A Quick Trip To Singapore On The Anniversary Of Its Founding (PHOTOS) Most people would equate the name Raffles with the iconic Singaporean hotel, and, by association, the famous Singapore Sling
Lance Bass Loves Laurel, Mississippi Jimmy Bass took pictures of everyone on their \ufb01rst birthday, during their high school graduation and as they walked down the aisle.
Kate & Pippa Middleton Check out the ads below. However, Catherine and her family (including Pippa) chose the sun over the chilly Romanian temperatures
Google Flights Becomes The Internet's Latest Travel Time Suck Map searching allows travelers to be open to options rather than requiring that they have an encyclopedic knowledge of the world's cities.
Travel (Or Lying About Travel) Might Be The Key To Dating Success The new results matched up nicely with small surveys taken by travel editors at New York bars, during which they were told
World's Most Romantic Hotels, According To TripAdvisor (PHOTOS) While these might not be the hotels with insanely overpriced Valentine's Day packages, they are definitely some of the world's
Puerto Rico Hotels DORADO, Puerto Rico -- A few miles past the last strip mall in this north coast town, a discreet sign beckons the privileged
How To Fly for Almost Free Recently I found a alternative for those who don't want to signup for the MileagePlus Business card. The Chase Sapphire Card
The Travel Industry And The Baby Boomer Menace That they opened the door for future generations of travelers is not up for debate, but the effects of Boomers jamming that door open with a wad of cash are deeply deleterious.
7 Great New Ski Resorts (PHOTOS) You don't even have to hit the slopes to enjoy them.
When Buying Frequent Flyer Miles Makes Sense Short answer, yes, if you fly in business or first class, buy the miles. However, if you do most of your travel in economy class, then skip this sort of offer. It's just not worth it.
Whistler Blackcomb If you're like me, all that poisonous self-loathing will evaporate the moment you finally reach the top of that ridge and look down upon an untamed ocean of white.
Paula Deen Cruise Line Lands In Hot Water Over Mean Tweets In one Tweet, Branch allegedly compared the ship to a \floating nursing home\ and asked someone to come save him. The last
Nobu Hotel, World's First, Opens At Caesars Palace In Las Vegas (VIDEO) The world's first Nobu Hotel opened its doors to visitors Monday in Las Vegas. Owned as a partnership by Robert De Niro, Chef
Osama Bin Laden Amusement Park \The project will take five years to complete,\ he told Reuters. PESHAWAR, Pakistan (Reuters) - Pakistan plans to build a
Russia May Crack Down On Duty-Free Alcohol Thanks To In-Flight Brawls \Changes are needed to end such uproar on planes. It's a direct threat to flight security,\ he said, without giving any other
Hotel De Glace, Ice Hotel, Opens Outside Quebec City (PHOTOS) The annually-erected Hotel de Glace -- a hotel made entirely of, you guessed it, ice -- has opened outside Quebec City. The
Family Travel Traveling with kids is not always as fun as we envision it to be when we first make our travel plans. The chaos of travel
Beijing Snow Means Less Pollution And More Winter Fun (PHOTOS) The beginning of 2013 has been marked by dangerously high levels of air pollution in Beijing, with the pollution level measuring
When Airfares Are Too Good To Be True \If that isn't stealing,\ she said, \then I don't know what is.\
Sochi, Russia's Olympic Host City, Remakes Itself As A Winter Destination (PHOTOS) With a little over a year to go before the Winter Olympics begin in Sochi, the Black Sea resort is still covered in scaffolding
The Top National Park Lodges For Winter (PHOTOS) Find out where you can drink hot chocolate by an 85-foot stone fireplace, attend a 17th-century feast or go hiking in 70-degree weather.
The Best Carnival Celebrations Around The World (PHOTOS) To gain converts, the early Christian church incorporated pagan practices, tying them to the period of abstinence known as Lent.
Your Weekly Travel Zen Peaceful places exist. This week's Moment of Travel Zen comes to us from Adam Stewart on the Cliffs of Moher in Ireland. \One
Ken Jennings, Jeopardy! Champ, Discovers A Nameless Town Because the \Name\ field on the form had been left blank, the form was stamped \Nameless,\ and the name stuck.
Washington To Washington When I got to Seattle, I really did feel a sense of accomplishment. I had made it to the opposite coast, crossed three time zones and I got there without stepping aboard a plane or even exceeding 79 mph at a time.
Flying With A Baby Flying internationally? If there's a choice, you definitely want to choose a foreign-based airline over a U.S.-based one.
Born to Explore I've always sensed that Alex Trebek and his show are socially conscious, and, after chatting with him, I felt that that impression was confirmed.
Cruise Travel It's wave season, which means many travelers are booking their cruise vacations for the year.
Super Bowl 2013 Yes, New Orleans city leaders, as well as the business sector, have been busy making New Orleans look as dressed up as a
The Best Late-Night Bars in Rome A local culture of social drinking and a constant influx of students and travelers means that Rome has a simply mind-boggling amount of watering holes. But, if you aren't hitting the clubs, it's hard to find bars in Rome that are open past the usual 2 a.m. last call.
Super Bowl Food If you happen to wander the French Quarter in search of some southern delights, make a pitstop at The Gumbo Shop.
The World's Most Romantic Islands (PHOTOS) Spin the globe, and you're bound to land by one of the top romantic islands. From the Mediterranean to the Indian Ocean, they share the powerful ingredient of fantasy.
How To Take President's Day For Valentine's Day Getaways (PHOTOS) This year, Valentine's Day falls on a Thursday and coincides with President's Day Weekend, presenting would-be romantics an ideal opportunity to indulge in an extended Valentine's Day celebration.
Jails Turned Hotels Perfect For A Valentine's Day Love Lockdown (PHOTOS) Consider yourself a prisoner of love? Why not take that analogy further this Valentine's Day and spend the night in a refurbished
Grand Central Terminal We took a behind-the-scenes tour of the historic New York building and brought back photos.
New Orleans Travel If you're in New Orleans for the Super Bowl this weekend (or thereafter for Mardi Gras), it's worth stopping at some of the
The New Hotel Roblin is Paris Perfect By Nancy Chuda founder and Editor-in-Chief of LuxEcoLiving and co-founder of Healthy Child Healthy World. The New Hotel Roblin
5 Chocolate Destinations New York has Times Square, London has Trafalgar Square, but only San Francisco has a square named after a brand of chocolate.
Is Haiti The Caribbean's Best New Destination? Haiti, it's fair to say, completely blindsided me. On that first trip I travelled the breadth of the county, squeezed into rickety buses or perched on the back of motorbike taxis.
Kenya's Maasai Olympics Warrior athletes from Mbirikani Group Ranch were the overall winners, receiving a grand prize of a stud Borana bull.
Airline Fees The only good news, TravelNerd reports, is that the increases are generally modest. \The majority of fee increases were within
Argentina Travel The rapids along the stretch of the Mendoza frequented by rafting tour operators run from level three to four on the International
David Beckham Paris As if the Eiffel Tower and Notre Dame Cathedral weren't enough, tourists the world over have yet another reason to visit
10 Cozy Hotel Bars To Warm Up This Winter One of the most charming bars in Manhattan happens to be tucked away inside one of the city's best boutique hotels.
The Shard, Western Europe's New Tallest Building, Opens To The Public (PHOTOS) Western Europe's new tallest building, The Shard, opened Friday in London to much fanfare and hoopla. The building, which
10 Cheap Things To Do In Singapore (PHOTOS) Budget travelers fear not. In a country where a brand new 2012 Toyota Camry costs $146,000, and million-dollar Ferraris and Lamborghinis are driven on the roads daily, there are plenty of alternatives that won't send your checking account into cardiac arrest.
The Garden of Eden Is In Marrakech It's breaking 100 degrees Fahrenheit, the car we rented doesn't have an air conditioning, and I'm trying to remember exactly
What Are the Optimal Conditions for a Smooth Flight? Also like water, if we have two streams of air hitting each other, we are going to have turbulence. Imagine a tributary flowing
Egypt Travel The golden age of Egyptian travel was no doubt the beginning of the twentieth century, when hotels like Mena House, Gezira
When Luxury Hotels Offer Beautiful Views Of Slums (PHOTOS) Whether wrapped in Egyptian cottons or not, everyone casts a shadow. Being reminded of that fact ought not to ruin anyone's vacation.
The Best Places To Travel With An Entourage Traveling with an entourage is no longer reserved for the likes of the Jolie-Pitt brood and their handlers. Travel with friends can create some of your most memorable experiences, as long as the logistics, group dynamics and, of course, the place is right.
Valentine's Day Travel Ah, Valentine's Day. Whether you love it or hate it, it's an inevitability. February 14 is going to happen. Every hotel imaginable
How The Rest Of Louisiana Does Mardi Gras Chasing chickens, dancing on horseback, drinking at five in the morning, boucherie and fais do-do -- it's all part of what folks outside of New Orleans call the real Mardi Gras.
Nauru On January 31, 1968, the 8.1-square-mile island nation gained its independence. Air Nauru, aka Our Airline, operates flights
International Tourism Growth Continues, UN Report Reveals Global tourism is set to rise more than three percent in 2013, continuing gains made in 2012 that saw 1 billion people make
Airline Fees With your airline ticket, would you like to add \Ascend\ or \Lift?\ Perhaps you prefer \Choice Seats\ or \Choice Plus?\ Or
Why We Travel? From students to seniors, the interest in travel to discover and taste new foods, observe how food is grown, processed, and prepared has become a fascination of people of all ages.
The Caribbean's Best Hotels (PHOTOS) \As one of the only places in the world where cars and motorized vehicles are not allowed, Jumby Bay Island exudes relaxation.\
10 Tips For First-Time Travelers to Vietnam If you have a phobia of thousands of motorbikes coming at you from all directions, think twice about Saigon. There are hardly any stoplights in the city, and a constant stream of traffic.
Five Tips To Avoid Valentine's Day Trips Gone Wrong Please do not wait until the last minute, because the situation could turn out bad.
Travel Tips Plenty of so-called conventional wisdom isn\u2019t really wisdom, especially when it comes to travel spending. The myth
How To Work As A Park Ranger Abroad Overall, no matter which country you want to park it in, plan on studying something relevant like park management, zoology or botany before or during your stay. You may also have to volunteer to get your foot in the (out)door.
When My Mother Heard I Was Traveling Alone to India... Sporting loose brown pants, 100 rupees in my left shoe, 3 layers of wrinkled shirts, a money belt tucked under the second shirt layer and looped through my pants, glasses, frizzy hair running amok, old sneakers and an alarm in my pants pocket, I exited the hotel gates.
Machu Picchu Llama Photobomb Is An Instant Classic (PHOTO) While it's tough to say for sure, this particular llama might be the party animal behind the so-called \bossy the llama\ meme
The Cutest Reason To Visit Norway (PHOTOS) Seeing the stunning landscape of fjords, mountains, alpine trees and the Norwegian sea was an extraordinary visual feast, but my real Arctic adventure began when I met my canine heroes.
4 Items That Get Damaged At The Airport TSA agents believe they are the last line of defense against terrorism, and that sometimes you have to break a few metaphorical eggs to keep America safe.
Caroline Weller Loves Baltimore Baltimore love is snow-balls covered with melted marshmallow. It's the Domino's sign. It's knowing where not to go.
Prince Charles, Camilla Ride The London Underground To Mark Birthday (PHOTOS) Prince Charles and his wife, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, took the London Underground early Wednesday morning to celebrate
10 Classically Elegant Hotels (PHOTOS) From gilded pillars to floral patterns, from dainty tea sets to regal portraits, these hotels keep their spaces feeling timeless.
The Best Places In NY's Most Fashionable Neighborhood Decked out in on-trend knitted wool hats, faux fur coats and above-the-knee boots, the most sartorially astute get an opportunity to strut layer upon layer of the season's chicest attire.
Fortnighter's 2013 Travel Essentials (PHOTOS) We've road tested some of our favorite products that can take some of the sting out of getting to your destination.
Super Bowl Sunday Skiing Not until the evening, ski resorts across the country are working to remind visitors, extending deep discounts for lift tickets
Lunar New Year Travel Season Begins In China (PHOTOS) But that is still in the near future. For now, Chinese travelers have to contend with the chaos that tends to grip their
Trinidad Carnival Wearing scanty costumes of feathers and sequins, masqueraders will soon be marching, wining and chippin across Port of Spain while music blares from speaker boxes and alcohol abounds. This is not for the faint of endurance. Here are some things to know before you go.
Going 'Off-Strip' In Vegas Vegas isn't just the concrete-and-neon paradise you know from visiting the Strip.
Lego Hotel Mark spoke to HuffPost Travel about his work from Legoland. HuffPost Travel
Why Do Airport Runways Cost So Much To Build? More questions on Air Travel
World Tourism Still Resilient Despite Economy, UN Reports Further south, Africa rebounded in 2012 to attract 52 million tourists, a recovery after visitor numbers fell in 2012 as
Paris Travel While the Eiffel Tower was certainly among the frosted, January is hardly the only time the ultimately useless monument to
Jurassic Parks Dinosaurs, mammoths and sea monsters will never cease to capture the public imagination precisely because they only exist
Hidden Mickeys There are mouse ears throughout the Disney parks, but if you don't look carefully, you might miss them.
7 Reasons To Go Back To Florence Throughout the lobby and 117 rooms are frescoes and gilt-edge Renaissance-style paintings, reminiscent of when it was a noble's residence.
A Pilgrimage Along Perth's Highway To Hell Perth is so far that you could get drunk, sober up again, get drunk and sober up all before you ever even get there.
Escape The Winter Blues And Find Your Winter Wonderland I am more of a water skier than a snow-bunny and tend to gravitate toward sunny beaches rather than snowcapped peaks, but I always love exploring new travel destinations and adventures.
20 Mandatory Activities In Thailand Get a massage.
Changes Coming To An Airplane Near You A major airline will start charging for carry on bags. United maybe? Spirit and Allegiant already do and they haven't gone out of business.
Cruise Review Not well known to the North American market, Naples-based MSC is the only privately owned Italian cruise line. Launched in May 2012, Divina is the company's newest in a fleet of 12 ships
Can You Be Too Old To Travel? There's a lot of physical work involved in travel -- walking up and down subway and station stairs, dragging your luggage across terminals and airports or climbing several flights to your room.
Spanish Tourist Rodrigo Ben-Azul Stranded For Two Months In Chile's Santiago Airport Spanish tourist Rodrigo Ben-Azul has been stranded in Chile's Santiago Airport for more than two months, according to Chilean
An Old-Fashioned Antarctic Expedition Retraces Shackleton's Voyages (PHOTOS) In this era of major cruise lines, the crew of the Alexandra Shackleton will be suffering in the shadow of major luxury cruise
12 Kid-Friendly Vacation Destinations It's a great big world out there, and packing up your little ones for a jaunt\u2014whether it's to a nearby city, neighboring
The Most Over-The-Top Hotel Bathrooms in Las Vegas (PHOTOS) In an effort to make customers feel like royalty, it pays to build a throne.
By The Hour If another category of guest  -- the well-heeled man or woman looking for a little afternoon delight -- takes advantage, that's not really anyone's business.
Hunting For Panama City's Hottest Sauce Will he give us a taste, Oscar asks? The man will not.
Touring Napa Valley (PHOTOS) Whether you are headed to Napa to check out the \mother ship\ of your favorite bottle or to discover a new gem that is mailing list only, it is bound to be a trip full of discoveries.
Europe's Most Famous Spa Towns (PHOTOS) Before the advent of today's sleek and glamorous spa getaways, spa towns were a thing in Europe for centuries, offering refuge
Our Girl in Havana It was three in the morning and I was somewhere in Camaguey province. Beyond the small spotlight in which I stood, the night was black.
Even Uniforms Are Cuter in Italy Whether it is austere policemen in combat gear, aproned waiters in the local bar or weather-prepared waste removalists, Italy's array of uniforms is as stylish, seasonal and well-planned as a Milan Fashion Week line up.
The Most Relaxing Island Resorts On Earth (PHOTOS) Here is the bad news
9 Restaurants With Secret Service Entrances -- Kate Parham, Cond\u00e9 Nast Traveler With the White House, more than 160 embassies, and Congress all in our nation's capitol
25 Adventure Activities Around The World Whether you're a first-timer or an experienced fisherman, the thrill of catching your own dinner is irresistible.
Dancing The Jarabe Tapat\u00edo In Baja California (PHOTOS) Much like the colorful courtship performance of a bird of paradise, the Jarabe Tapat\u00edo, the quintessential folk dance of Mexico, is a captivating display of form and flow.
'Saturday Night Widows' Highlights Widow's First Trip Since Husband's Death (BOOK EXCERPT) What was I thinking? We were out in the deep, wide-open ocean. We had seen hammerhead sharks only minutes before. When I
The 15 Most Memorable Attractions In Cambodia I no longer wondered why Angelina hoped to adopt one Cambodian kid after another.
4 Historic Places To Rock Out All across the country, historic venues welcome headliners from around the world to rock their storied halls. While U.S. music venues feature something for everyone, these four favorites are sure to have your ears ringing for days with the biggest names in music.
Found Seriously, you would not want to get stuck sitting here on a long flight -- or, really, any flight.
Spotted By Locals Coming To America (And A City Near You) \We love to meet locals when we travel and see how they live their lives; what places they prefer to visit the most. That's where we want to be. We think others will too.\
World's Largest Airport Planned For Istanbul, Turkey \At full capacity the new airport will be the largest in the world in terms of passengers,\ Transport Minister Binali Yildirim
Hotel Site Trivago Finds The World's Best (And Worst) Cities For Stays Have you had a hotel experience in any of these cities, good or bad? Tell us about it in the comments below. The list contained
Air Canada Flight Attendants Sing 'Call Me Maybe' (VIDEO) \Call Me Maybe\ finally made it back to Canada. Carly Rae Jepsen's sugary pop hit that launched a thousand lib dubs finally
Washington, DC Unveils 'Date Nights DC' Valentine's Day Travel Promotion Selling the idea are some slick visuals -- and an over the top video spot of a couple passionately kissing in the middle
KAUFMANFRANCO To Design American Airlines Flight Attendant Uniforms (QUIZ, PHOTOS) It will be the first complete refresh of uniforms in more than 20 years, and it is meant to highlight the airline's \new
Time To Revisit Underappreciated Albuquerque If you haven't visited lately, or ever, please do stop by. Here's what I like best about this city on Route 66.
Shanghai and Beijing With this in mind, for our dining pleasures, we decided early on to seek out in Shanghai something elegant and international, on the one hand, as well as a contrasting regionally based and local on the other to sample two different kinds of eating experiences.
The Faded Motels Of The Rust Belt (PHOTOS) As you travel through the Rust Belt, you can still come across the remains of hotels and motels still touting marketing innovations such as \Color TV\ or \Air Conditioning.\
Top Affordable Destinations For 2013 Like Juliette Barnes, the stop-at-nothing starlet in the new ABC hit Nashville, Tennessee's capital is ready for its close-up.
Scotland's Shetland Ponies Don Fair Isle Sweaters For Tourism Campaign Actually, if it bothers the British they'll all go to the pub for a c\u00e9ilidh. The Shetland Islands are a rugged country full
Wisconsin's Winter Wonderland Has Something For Everyone Marathon County is filled with so much fresh powder, lodging and dining options that it is an ideal weekend vacation for both the rookie and advanced skier, and there are not too many places in the country that offer such excellent terrain for both levels.
5 Reasons To Visit New Orleans Aside From The Super Bowl Sure, you could easily fill your trip to the Super Bowl with sporting events and activities all surrounding the Superdome, but the game happens to be in New Orleans. NOLA. The Big Easy.
Gary Kelly, Southwest CEO, Says 'Never Say Never' For Bag Fees To listen to the interview, click over to CNBC. Southwest has regularly been considered amongst Americans' favorite airlines
How To Visit 7 Continents In 3 Trips Favorable exchange rates in Argentina mean that you can drink Malbec wine, dine at mouthwatering Argentinian steakhouses and see the sights -- all for a fraction of what you'd expect to pay for similar experiences back home.
Vancouver By design, Vancouver is a trifecta of old, modern and natural
Airport Fitness Perhaps the simplest way to get some exercise in is by taking a walk. And, to encourage that habit, and to make tracking
Kim Jong-Il's Body Becomes North Korea's Biggest Tourist Attraction (PHOTOS) As the Los Angeles Times recently reported, tourists are now allowed to bring phones into the country but are still banned
The Dangers of Patriotism in Serbia Hotel lobbies are strange places, and the canned music they play can be even stranger. But, sometimes, the juxtaposition of place, time and melody combines and hits a target deep inside the heart triggering explosive thoughts.
A Hawaiian Vacation Everyone Will Enjoy The signature attraction in Kauai is Waimea Canyon, also known as the \grand canyon\ of the Pacific. If you're in Kauai for only a few days, put this at the top of your list.
Jane Austen's England Two hundred years after the publication of Pride and Prejudice, Jane Austen\u2019s most famous (and arguably her best) novel is
Winter Is Actually A Great Time To Visit Chicago Contrary to popular belief, Chicago is a wonderful year-round destination. Yes, Chicago's nickname is \The Windy City,\ which conjures up images of being blown down city streets by an icy wind off of Lake Michigan.
A Dreamy Destination In Big Sur I'd been reading about and wanting to visit Post Ranch Inn for at least 10 years. Suffice it to say, it is for very good reason that this property is known to be one of the very best in the world.
5 New Reasons to Visit New Orleans Funky and fascinating New Orleans has seen its share of hard times. After Katrina's destruction in 2005, may wondered how -- or if -- the city could ever recover. More than seven years later, the city has rebuilt many areas and billions of dollars have been pumped into public works and the levee system.
Is It Ever OK To Steal From An Airline? Lauren's case isn't easy for this consumer advocate. She knowingly stole from a business that has, in the past, mistreated her. Is that ever justified?
Jesse Perez Loves San Antonio One time, I missed you so much that I made a dinner, to honor you, for my newfound friends and made the signature flavors that reminded me so much of your perfume.
The World's Best Snow Tubing Hills (PHOTOS) Because sometimes your backyard just won't cut it.
Annie Leibovitz Disney Dream Portraits Of Taylor Swift Revealed (PHOTOS) The last time acclaimed photographer Annie Leibovitz shot for the Disney Dream series, we saw Russell Brand as Captain Hook
4 Times A Hotel Is Better Than A Guest Room There's no sugarcoating it
12 Best Cruise Ships In The World (PHOTOS) These ships don't just welcome you aboard. They roll out the red carpet every morning.
America's Best Coastal Road Trips For 2013, According To Coastal Living Magazine (PHOTOS) Our friends at Coastal Living magazine have published their hot list for 2013, including where to go this year and the five
Qantas Passenger's Inigo Montoya 'Princess Bride' Shirt Frightens Travelers (PHOTO) Watch \The Princess Bride\ scene that provided the inspiration for the Inigo Montoya T-shirt below. A representative for
World's Coolest Futuristic Buildings (PHOTOS) Now if only someone could get to work on those jet packs.
Dangerous Driving And Frightening Geology On Hawaii's Big Island (PHOTOS) Since the island is essentially barren volcanic slope, there are spectacular ocean views from almost anywhere on the road.
Day Trips That Put Cultural Destinations In Context (PHOTOS) All the books about the resiliency of a city's people pale compared to hiking the desolate mountains their ancestors crossed centuries before.
Visiting American Cities During Their Restaurant Weeks If you're a foodie with filet tastes and a burger budget, why not plan your next trip around a restaurant week?
Ibiza's Scenic Winter Hangover (PHOTOS) Here are seven ways to experience life on the shores of the Mediterranean Sea when Ibiza's party scene goes into hibernation.
The Most Perfect Day Possible In Los Angeles Beneath the glitz and glamour of the showbiz capital of the world is a sprawling city with neighborhoods catering to every personality imaginable, ensuring endless possibilities of activity for anyone.
How To Get Kicked Off Your Flight Flight attendants have the power to have you removed at will, specifically their will.
Alaska Travel For families that live in the Lower 48, the most fantastic natural light show on Earth is worth the trip north.
Sorry, The TSA Still Wants to Scan You (VIDEO) The TSA seems to have no intention of turning its back on X-ray scanning technology. It's simply switching to a manufacturer that makes better privacy software.
Patagonia Camping With An Eco Edge (PHOTOS) Patagonia experiences all four seasons on any given day at any time of the year.
Europe Snow Storm While we love Paris, London and Amsterdam any time of year, there's something incredibly romantic about the notion of those
Upstate New York We usually sit under the Obama HOPE poster, listen to the other regulars talk at the bar, anticipate the food and feel the week fall away.
How To Spend A Weekend In San Diego It's called \America's Finest City.\ And if your idea of a fine city includes near-perfect weather, great beaches, scenic beauty, fine dining and a lively downtown, then San Diego will rank at the top of the list.
5 Budget-Friendly Bars In Florence From American-style sports bars to eco-conscious vegetarian caf\u00e9s, Florence is surprisingly full of affordable places to have a drink.
Sunny Days in the Dominican Republic We crave sun, sand and salutations. But we don't need crowds, saccharine drinks and poolside renditions of \La Macarena.\
America's Best Girlfriend Getaways (PHOTOS) Girls just want to go on reasonably priced short trips to engaging cultural destinations that might, perhaps have a decent spa.
14 Luxurious Ski Hotels (PHOTOS) Skiing is one of our favorite winter activity
A Hotel Manager On The Hectic Job Of Hosting The President He always come in the back entrance; we decided we need to rename it the \BaRack entrance\ he came so often.
Inauguration Travel The Commander-In-Chief has laid his head to rest in some of our favorite hotels around the globe.
Photographing The Wild Beauty Of Costa Rica Costa Rica is about the size of West Virginia, yet it has some of the most varied landscapes and wildlife on earth.
The World's Most Secluded Beaches (PHOTOS) The romance of a secluded beach has everything to do with the view. What you see
Cal Jet Makes Sunny Mazatlan Accessible Mazatlan is the place where I've wiggled my toes in the sand, swum in the waves, sampled the restaurants, admired the city lights at night from a friend's house high on a hill and, along the way, made a dozen new friends. And now there's a new way to get there.
Edgar Allan Poe Birthday For decades, the notorious \Poe Toaster\ would arrive at the Baltimore grave of Edgar Allan Poe with cognac and three roses
5 Must-See Places In Morocco Morocco is a country with everything you'll find in the more typical Mediterranean destinations of Europe with many African extras thrown in, and a price tag that's much more forgiving to strained wallets.
7 Amazing American Aquariums For Families Aquariums are much more than just over-sized fish tanks, offering a wonderful opportunity for us to discover an underwater world and view aquatic creatures up close.
Which Airline's Seats Are the Most Uncomfortable? Although all coach/economy seats are cramped, not all are alike, and some are worse than others. Fortunately, you can avoid the worst offenders, at least most of the time.
Where Tallinn, Estonia's Locals Hang Out During Winter So, where are the locals going in Tallinn when it's colder and there's a (high) chance of snow? They warm up with coffee or by playing outside. At Lauluv\u00e4ljak you can rent snowtubes by the half hour to slide down the slopes!
Breaking Into Cuba I was in Havana, Cuba, with no visa and no permission from the U.S. government. It was just the way I wanted it.
5 Gorgeous Places To Get Back In Touch With Nature Check out our favorite unplugged havens and pick the best one for you. Then it's time to lose the cell -- at least for a weekend.
Discover The Hidden Charms Of California's Wine Country I recently went to visit a dear friend, a long time resident of Sonoma, who happens to be very plugged into the Sonoma culinary scene, and I got to see just what makes insider-Sonoma so special.
Top 10 Small Cruise Ships In The World Cond\u00e9 Nast Traveler readers voted in our 2012 Cruise Poll and here are the results
AAA Five Diamond List \u201cAAA Five Diamond hotels offer guests a meticulous degree of personalized attention and extensive amenities in a luxurious
La Ciudad Perdida Referring to the \Lost City\ these days is a bit of a misnomer, as the attraction is quickly becoming a \must-see\ attraction for adventure travelers.
Belize's Unexpected Italian Food Palace On Caye Caulker Sandro's Italian comfort food echo the calming effects of the island's Eastern trade winds after a day of manatee-watching, scuba-diving, kitesurfing, paddleboarding or snorkeling.
7 Tips For Flying While Injured I recently subjected myself to flying over the holidays. It made me pine for something supremely masochistic
Istanbul's Lucky Commuters Enjoy The Bosphorus By Ferry (PHOTOS) There is a casual familiarity among the passengers. Boats are unlike subways in much the same way cocktail bars are unlike
TSA Removing Some Body Scanners From US Airports The TSA had already pulled 76 of the machines and the latest announcement guarantees that another 174 will be mothballed
America's Best Karaoke Bars (PHOTOS) Want to show off your vocal skills and eat Mexican food? There's a spot on this list for you.
Europe's Best Airline Food, According To Skyscanner For those who have had less than stellar experiences with airplane food, take note. Skyscanner released its second-annual
10 Great Airport Restaurants Try one of these 10 restaurants the next time you're stuck -- you might be so impressed, you'll make a voluntary trip back (at least at the pre-security locations).
6 Quirky Stops In Melbourne, Australia Melbourne will leave a lasting impression on any discerning traveller, and we can guarantee that it will become one of your top cities to explore time and time again.
Best Clubs To Dance At In London Whether you're looking to meet someone new, dance to the biggest DJs in the world or just want to have the kind of legendary night you'll keep secret until the day you die, you'll find it all in London.
Hunting For Pennsylvania's Orphaned And Abandoned Wells Laurie Barr is a hunter. Each year, around November, when the trees in Pennsylvania lose their foliage and the shrubs are nothing but bare sticks, offering no hiding place or cover, the hunting season begins. But Laurie Barr doesn't carry a rifle or a crossbow; she doesn't wear camouflage, and no faithful hounds lead the way.
Travel Bloggers Share Their 2013 Itineraries So many places to see, so little time. To help make planning a great escape in the new year more breezy and less run-of-the-mill, a few travel bloggers and I chime in on the destinations that top our 2013 travel bucket lists.
What Are America's Best Bookstores? (PHOTOS) These 6 indie shops are definitely worth a visit.
Out Of Breath And Sorts In Tibet (PHOTOS) She pressed the back of her hand to her forehead, feigned collapsing on the ground and then looked up, smiling. She spoke in English. \I'm tired,\ she said.
Why Utah Is A Beer-Lovers Paradise I like beer, so my travels frequently find me seeking out places that make great beer. Luckily, I live in a state where some passionate people built local breweries that make craft beer. And while there is still lingering suspicions of bizarre liquor laws in Utah, recent changes to the laws have made it a non-issue.
Top 10 Best Cruise Shore Excursions In 2013 Welcome to wave season, when most of the major cruise lines slash cruise prices to insanely good deals. This year, many of the big guns are sweetening the pot with cash-back bonuses to spend on once-in-a-lifetime shore excursions.
Dodging A Volcano And Tsunami On Hawaii's Big Island (VIDEO) The Big Island, the largest and one of the least-visited islands in the 50th state, is certainly exciting. To say our family just survived a visit might be a stretch -- but not much of one. From an erupting volcano to a tsunami warning to sidestepping deep lava tubes obscured by rainforest foliage, we feel lucky to still be alive.
Inauguration Weekend Calling all Presidential (Inauguration) hopefuls! In contrast to the high cost of travel to attend the inaugural events of 2009, those hoping to be a part of this year's historic weekend will find getting to and staying in the nation's capital much more attainable.
How To Trek To Everest Base Camp Mount Everest has captivated intrepid men and women since the 1920s. The exploits of legends such as George Mallory, Sir
American Airlines New Look The reveal, made online, introduced the sleek new look (seen above) that will grace the company's much touted new Boeing
A Glimpse Of Paradise In Bora Bora BORA BORA - It began with a personal letter from the long-ago best-selling author James Michener a letter I still hold dear
Lakeside Wildlife Haven And Raj Opulence In South India The leopard was waiting for us. As the jeep rumbled closer, the big cat rippled to his feet, loped across the front of the vehicle and ambled into the bushes. The spotted beast didn't return, but none of us on board will ever forget him.
What NOT To Do In Italy The more time you spend in Italy, the more you'll notice that Italians love telling you what to do... whether you ask them for advice or not. Here's a quick rundown of what NOT to do.
5 Great Hotel Apps In The Palm Of Your Hand We've loaded up our iPhones and Androids in search of the best hotel apps around, and found these great, user-friendly apps that make our travel a lot easier and a lot more exciting.
The Questionable Decision To Take The Kids To Maui (VIDEO) It is a fact that finding things to do with kids in Maui, an island with a well-deserved reputation for being exclusive and expensive, isn't always easy. Even the attractions you'd assume would appeal to the little ones are not really ideal for children, especially very young kids.
The World's Best Hotels, According To TripAdvisor (PHOTOS) TripAdvisor announced the winners of its 11th annual Travelers Choice Awards Wednesday morning, rounding up the most unreal
787 Grounded WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 The federal government grounded Boeing's newest and most technologically advanced jetliner Wednesday, declaring
Panama City Is Central America's Past And Future (PHOTOS) In Panama City, high rise steel looms over tin roofs and street vendors compete with fancy restaurants, where the country's namesake hats don't look a bit out of place.
Matt Rapp Loves Ponte Vedra Beach Love is every May, when we all get to be a part of the premier golf tournament on the PGA Tour.
The Cheapest Times Fly In 2013 If you must fly in the peak of the summer, you might as well quit reading now, as airfare will be consistently high. But
Wellness Travel, Healthy Hotels And Ancient Spa Therapies On The Rise In 2013 NEW YORK, Jan 16 (Reuters) - Healthy hotels, wellness tourism and the holistic medicine system Ayurveda are expected to be
Barcelona Clubs Although New York is called \the city that never sleeps,\ that moniker really belongs to Barcelona, which could just as accurately be labeled, \the city that naps in the afternoon and then parties till sunrise.\
The Perks Of Being A Virgin Galactic 'Bransonaut' I'm on rutted, dirt roads in the Jornada del Muerto desert of southern New Mexico headed to Spaceport America, the world's first purpose-built commercial spaceport. It's adjacent to White Sands Missile Range where, for 70 some years, assorted rockets, nuclear bombs and other WMDs have been tested.
Melbourne Vs. Sydney Both offer gorgeous architecture and a boat load of culture, but where one gets top marks for an eco-friendly attitude and a hipster vibe, the other is renowned for its beaches and bold attitude.
6 Ways To Stick To Your Cycling Resolutions We are two weeks into 2013 -- have you stuck to the New Year's Resolutions you made to be a better cyclist this year? Whether your bicycling bucket list includes a century ride in your neighborhood or an epic cycling tour in Italy, here are six ways to be a happier, healthier and sexier cyclist by making these New Year's Resolutions.
Making Your New Year's Travel Resolution a Reality Whether your idea of getting some R&R is lying on a tropical beach or hiking Mt. Kilimanjaro, make it a point to make the plan and stick to it. You will be glad you did. Here's to the year of breaking free for some adventure!
I Also Dreamed Of Africa Wildlife, in general, has always bewitched me, but I have always specifically been fascinated with African wildlife. I often wished I could be a Kuki Gallmann and go far away from my reality in exchange for a remarkable life experience.
6 New Travel Startups To Keep An Eye On This week's startup roundup covers apps and services that aid travelers before and during a journey, but also includes operational tools for travel companies that are working to engage with travelers online and meet them where they are, which is more often than not, on their mobile device.
The Best Beaches On Earth (PHOTOS) These photos will make you want to plan a trip immediately.
Wales Is For Sheep But Fun For People (PHOTOS) Later in its history, Tintern Abbey became a frequent destination for the Romantics, inspiring that soporific poem by William Wordsworth you read freshman year.
How To Negotiate In The World's Great Bazaars 've scored rugs from China, Morocco, and Turkey, art from Ramatuelle in France, and landscape paintings from Montenegro. My best acquisition was an authentic Chin Dynasty bowl.
US Travelers Stuck Visiting Same Destinations Over And Over (INFOGRAPHIC) Why the disconnect between dream and reality? Survey respondents said affordability, great weather, peace of mind and safety
Kiasu It has been described as a mix of selfishness, pushiness, and competitiveness, plus a fear of losing or missing out, and is said to be characteristic of the people of Singapore and Malaysia.
Kayak Price Forecast Aims To Predict Airfares Price Forecast or not, the bottom line isn't the only deciding factor for consumers when it comes to booking a flight, Birge
Living Abroad Spending a semester abroad did satisfy a few of her Parisian daydreams, but there were moments that were lonely and sobering. Still, her life-changing adventure only further fueled her wanderlust. Rhonda shared her American in Paris story with me.
5 Ski Trips For Non-Skiers (PHOTOS) So what do you do? The answer is easy
7 Steps To Finding The Best Airplane Seat Airlines will generally hold back certain choice seats for assignment to their elite frequent flyers. If these seats are not assigned they will then be released at the airport just before flight time.
6 Sun Belt Inns With History On Their Side (PHOTOS) If you are thinking about packing up your summer gear and getting out of town for the weekend, try following the migratory birds and heading south for a stately, historic inn. Not only will you get to bask under the balmy rays of the sun but also in the shadow of stunning, centuries-old architecture. You might even bring home a history lesson or two along with your newly-minted tan.
The Sunniest Destinations On Earth (PHOTOS) The best places to find sun during these cold, dreary months.
15 Unique Hotels You Didn't Know You Wanted To Stay In (PHOTOS) This year you should stop putting that trip on hold. It is possible to go on a vacation staring a design or luxury hotel if you happen to know the right places.
The Judgement Of Paris Reenacted For Luxury Travelers If 2012 was the year of conceptualizing the hotel experience, 2013 will be the year those experiences actually come to life. In an effort to appeal to more luxury travelers, hotels will continue to invent the extraordinary for their guests. We've seen everything from deep sea dining to sky-high spas, to partnerships with top fashion designers who create one-of-a-kind hotel amenities.
Where's The Best Place To Take Your Kids Surfing In Hawaii? (VIDEO) Hawaii doesn't have a shortage of terrific surf spots, but Maui and Oahu are two standouts. When people ask me which one to go to, which they sometimes do, I feel conflicted. If you're just going to watch surfing, you can't go wrong with either of these places. The North Shore has more of a scene, with the surf museum, surfer hang-outs and shave-ice shops. But Maui is breathtakingly beautiful and less developed than Oahu.
Well-Preserved Beauty Along South America's Caribbean Coast (PHOTOS) On the east side, there is only volcanic rock and wild surf. Dangerous for swimmers. Great for photographers.
9 Ways to Lose Weight on Vacation (and Still Have Fun) No one wants to return from a dream vacation with extra baggage around the middle, the result of endless lazing on the beach and grazing on the all-you-can-eat buffet. \nSo how do you avoid sloth and gluttony, two of travel's deadliest sins?
Singapore's Most Memorable Street Foods A prime example of Peranakan cuisine, also known as Nonya -- a mix of Chinese and Malaysian flavors -- laksa is a rich noodle soup with a spicy coconut milk broth and thick rice noodles.
Ushuaia Tackle America's southern tip in Tierra del Fuego National Park, where remembering you're at the Earth's end is easy. You rarely see another soul deep in the 240 square mile Into the Wild-esque terrain
Experiencing the Luxury of Dubai and Abu Dhabi I have to admit, when I first entertained the thought of visiting Dubai and Abu Dhabi I imagined the lost city of El Dorado, complete with streets paved with gold and sheikhs betting on camel races.
Wings of Kilimanjaro What could you do that pushes you to the limit physically, mentally and emotionally and leaves the planet stronger than it was when you stepped through your front door and set out on your life-changing adventure?
Skiing Through A Sunny Sky In The Swiss Alps (PHOTOS) Splayed out beneath us is a tantalizing patchwork of autobahn-wide groomed blue and black slopes that promise fantastic high altitude glacier skiing.
Where To Go In Moscow, Russia Conveniently, some of the most amazing things in Moscow are all located in Red Square. St. Basil's Cathedral, Lenin's Mausoleum and, of course, the Kremlin are all in easy walking distance of each other.
The Best Travel Tip I Ever Received From A Local It's now the best piece of advice I can offer for anyone who is about to travel
Getting Kids Outdoors The trials of trying to raise active, outdoorsy kids are really not very different from indoor parenting. Sometimes a kid is just not going to go peacefully along with your plans. But sometimes it just takes working on them a bit.
5 Best Countries to Study Abroad for Political Science Majors Take advantage of our local study break suggestions because it's harder to blackmail you with foreign debauchery when you run for governor.
Best Places to Babymoon in the U.S. A \babymoon\ -- a vacation you take with your spouse before your bundle of joy arrives -- might just be the best thing you can do to prepare for parenting.
Wackiest Travel Accessories You Can Buy Whenever you travel, you have your essentials
Design Hotels With Bright And Bold Decor (PHOTOS) From crazy colorful murals to subtle pops of color, these hotels keep their spaces fun and light.
Top Sites for 'Presidential' Visits in Washington, DC As many prepare to visit the Washington, DC region for President Obama's second inauguration, I would like to share with you my top recommendations for presidential-themed visits.
AFAR's 13 Top Picks For Places To Go In 2013 At AFAR, we believe that (nearly) anywhere in the world could be a place to go in 2013. Maybe it's because we subscribe to the choose-your-own-adventure approach to travel. That said, the following 13 places really stand out for us this year.
America's Best Hotel Brunches (PHOTOS) A meal that has been adopted by countries the world over, Sunday brunch was dreamed up in the late 1800s by a British writer who thought that the noonday feast would be a welcome treat.
Vacation Like A Celeb on a Private Island Mention paradise and most people think about a speck of land surrounded by nothing but endless sea. Swaying palm trees? Check. Pristine baby-powder beach? Check. Stylish accommodations? Check.
5 Convincing Arguments For Vieques (PHOTOS) Navio on the south side is where the bodysurfers go to ride; Green Beach is known for its views of the main island of Puerto Rico; Blue Beach is famous for its terrific snorkeling.
How The Broke Stay Warm And Fashionable In Stockholm You, too, can afford to fend off hypothermia in Sweden -- a cold place that likes to eat cold, hard cash. But, wearing the hottest Swedish fashions in cold weather may be out of your budget.
Visiting Japan's World Famous Snow Monkeys (PHOTOS) What most travelers might not realize is that these fascinating creatures, the northernmost primates in the world aside from humans, can actually be viewed by any visitor to Japan.
Luxury Without Electricity At A Yoga Retreat In The Sri Lankan Jungle What I most like about this retreat
12 Mandatory Medicines For Adventure Travelers Take one before you take on that ghost chili curry.
Airport Art In the 21st century, airport art is often an integrated experience between the art, the facility and the public.
What Makes The Post Ranch Inn At Big Sur The Greenest Resort In America? The Post Ranch Inn is the most environmentally conscious resort. Their eco-efficiency standards combined with ultimate green
World's Shortest Flight Clocks In At 47 Seconds (VIDEO) The route that takes that honor is the trip between Westray and Papa Westray in Scotland's Orkney Islands, which can take
Miami's Wynwood Walls, A Gritty Outdoor Museum (PHOTOS) Goldman's idea was simple
8 Natural Spas That Harness Nature's Healing Waters (PHOTOS) According to the U.S. Travel Association, \leisure has been found to contribute to overall well-being by helping people maintain
Stress-Free Vacations To Help You Unwind (PHOTOS) \Getting away from it all\ has become increasingly difficult in recent years, as Wi-Fi or hotel-offered Internet access has
'Monster' Cruise Ships Threaten Venice On Costa Concordia Anniversary The ban on cruise ships sailing too close to the coast in Venice and in nature reserves was imposed after the shipwreck of
The Coming Chinese Caribbean There aren't any Chinese tourists on Little Cayman. Yet.
The Best New Properties In Africa (PHOTOS) Every year that goes by brings more luxurious camps to the African savannah, but all safari sites are not created equal.
America's Happiest Seaside Towns (PHOTOS) The finalists were chosen based on a number of criteria, including their ranking on the Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index
Exploring Bora Bora And Tikehau In French Polynesia (PHOTOS) If you are feeling adventurous and want to include and visit an island that is completely off the grid to the average traveler, then Tikehau is the place to go.
The Hazards And Highlights Of Skiing Antarctica (PHOTOS) I can't say we skied any bottomless powder, but we did ski with penguins.
Five Secrets For Making Friends On The Road It isn't always possible or practical, but kids need time with other kids. And that can be something of a challenge when you're on the road as much as we are. Our family travel adventure can keep us away from home more than 30 days at a stretch.
Where To Eat And Drink In Delray Beach, Florida The Italian-American effusion makes you feel like you're on Mulberry Street in Little Italy (or what it used to be), while the cacophony makes you feel like you're in for a big night.
10 Small Towns To Explore In 2013 Take a detour from America's massive cities and embrace the charm of our small towns.
The Best Dance Spots In Amsterdam Amsterdam may be known for its legal prostitution, cannabis and progressive attitude, but if you're looking to really get inside the 'Dam's social scene, all you have to do is dance.
Chic Hotels With Gorgeous Gold Rooms (PHOTOS) Though they can quickly turn from gilded to just plain gaudy -- ask The Donald -- gold accents bring a unique luster to any room.
In Cairo For The End Of The World I was in Cairo on the day the world ended. Well, not really, but on the day the world was supposed to end, Dec. 21, 2012.
First Choice Seeks Official Slide Tester At SplashWorld Water Parks Now that he is leaving the position for another job, his successor will rate the rides across First Choice's 20 properties
13 Greatest Adventures For 2013 (And A Free Trip To One Of Them) I combed through this dangerous catalogue, and picked out what I think will be the best adventures for 2013 -- and I have personally tested them all, and reported about each on Huffington Post.
Why Airbnb Doesn't Worry When its Users Break the Law Businesses big or small have a responsibility to be good neighbors or, failing that, at least understand the law of the land. And you'd think Airbnb would understand how important it is to be a good neighbor.
A Love Letter To Islesboro, Maine He'd listen for the gulls, the chuff of the porpoises and the shrieks of the Bald Eagle that flew over from the mainland. Every once in a while there would be a scaly thump as an Osprey lost its grip on dinner.
Global Travel Indicators For 2013 Here are the top seven global travel-related barometers that, when taken as a whole, indicate positive global travel trends for 2013.
Surefire Ways to Make Flying a Breeze With tongue securely in cheek, seat up and tray table securely fastened (or was that the seat belt?), I would like to share some tips to make your travels better.
English Countryside Rentals Welcome Downton Abbey Fans (PHOTOS) Each of these homes will have you channeling the characters of the show, feeling the urge to pour yourself a warm cup of tea and fasten on your bonnet as you dive into the new season of America's favorite English drama.
Igloofest While we sit inside counting dust bunnies and waiting for spring, in Montreal, they embrace the winter freeze by marching down to the coldest part of their city to drink, dance and share good times with thousands of strangers.
3 Troubling Ways The TSA Punishes Passengers Who Opt Out When we're screened at the airport, we're separate, but we're not equal.
America's Best Hotel Spas, According To TripAdvisor (PHOTOS) TripAdvisor has released their list for the best hotel spas around America in 2012 as part of their annual wellness travel
Hotel Points And How To Sleep Your Way To The Top Whether it's for business or pleasure, staying consistently in one hotel group can equate to free nights and perks that deserve a place on your personal balance sheet.
New Year's at 37,000 Feet I spent both Christmas Eve and New Year's Eve at 37,000 feet, wondering if I could catch a glimpse of a man with reindeer on a sled on the 24th or celebrate the stroke of midnight several times as we traversed the east to west time zones as 2012 came to a close.
'Paris Syndrome' And The Shock Of The City Of Light I had my own personal encounter with \Paris Syndrome.\ When I first saw the toilet, I never would've guessed that it was going to eat me alive -- which is not to say that it didn't look suspicious.
Rick Steves' TV Show Bloopers, Part 2 Whether savoring delicious food with local friends, teaching ancient history on an ancient toilet, demonstrating the importance of a helmet deep inside the mine, imagining barbarians from present-day Scotland storming Hadrian's Wall, finding a piano to pound on, pitching hay high in the Alps at Gimmelwald or skipping through the rain at Castlerigg Stone Circle in the Cumbrian Lake District, watching these bloopers reminds me how much fun it is bringing home the wonders of Europe -- either with our guidebooks, tours or TV shows.
Top 10 Travel Destinations For 2013 Fly.com recently asked 875 U.S. travelers where they would most like to travel to in 2013. And the results are in.
Eric Schmidt's North Korea Visit Raises Tourism Questions (VIDEO) \I don't think we made any monumental discoveries or moved the needle in any meaningful way,\ Bangs continued. \I do think
The Spirit Of New York's Catskills (PHOTOS, VIDEO) When I finally arrived in the Catskills I expected Triumph, the Insult Comic Dog, and an overkill of free love and recreational psychotropics. Instead I found an unexampled rebellious spirit that stretches back to the 18th century, and is a connective tissue between Woodstock and the Borscht Belt, and a life-force that upholds today.
The Worst Behavior We've Ever Seen On An Airplane Think Duct Tape Guy was a rare case? Here's a worst-of-the-worst roundup of the airline industry's most infamous inebriates.
Should Car Seats Be Mandatory For Infants On Planes? In 2005, the FAA released a statement about mandating the use of car seats in purchased seats on planes for children under two.
Transnistria An unrecognized breakaway Republic sandwiched between Moldova and Ukraine, it has been called the most lawless place in Europe and is rumored to be a thriving transit zone for arms and human trafficking.
World War II Bunkers, As Captured By Photographer Jonathan Andrew (PHOTOS) Andrews has now traveled across Europe to France, the Netherlands and Belgium, chronicling the beautifully haunting bunkers
15 Forgotten Landmarks In New York City (PHOTOS) Kevin Walsh has made it his mission to chronicle hundreds of forgotten landmarks all over the five boroughs\u2014most of which
Kauai, Hawaii is a Dream Vacation Called the Grand Canyon of the Pacific, Waimea Canyon is a stunning spot to have a picnic or go for a hike. And if you continue on to the end of the road you'll find postcard-worthy views of the Na Pali Coast.
Food For Thought An old adage says that you don't really know someone until you walk a mile in their shoes. We believe it is just as true that you don't really know a place until you eat a plate of its food.
The Most Remote Destinations On Earth (PHOTOS) What do these places beyond the back of beyond have in common? Very little. They are very little. Each of these locations
The FogCatcher Inn On Moonstone Beach Is Great For Dogs Cambria\u2019s Moonstone beach is pure paradise. Pamper your pet. That\u2019s our motto. We were hoping our room had a fireplace. Voila
Eat Well Mexico This chilly weather is getting us thinking south of the border. While it's tempting to just park ourselves at the pool and order off the hotel menu, venturing further inland will provide new cultural and culinary experiences. Like tacos!
Seven Surprising Reasons To Be A Flight Attendant Delta posted that they were hiring flight attendants and the applications started coming in two per minute! Why is a flight attendant career so desirable? Isn't it low pay and long hours away from home?
Are Cell Phones Dangerous In Flight? (VIDEO) The discussion of in-flight use of portable electronics has been going on for years. With all the confusion over the use
Expat Recovery Room Perhaps it's my Vermont blood, but a little inclement weather has never been a deterrent to adventure. In fact, it virtually boils when wind, snow and ice become excuses for inaction, especially when it comes to travel. Cold many contract the bones, but it expands horizons.
Why Family Travel Makes A Great Investment People always say that education is the best investment you can make in your kids. I agree. However, people forget that your
Belgium During our visit we explored the vibrant city of Brussels and then we were on to Bastogne, where we visited the Ardennes and the site of the Battle of the Bulge. But before leaving Brussels we dined at some tantalizing cafes and restaurants, visited way too many chocolate shops and sampled some of its 500 (no, seriously, 500) different types of beer!
Ask Airfarewatchdog Plus, the best way to get last-minute deals and the best days for flying.
If You're Traveling In New York's North Country Fair (PHOTOS, VIDEO) I trundle into town beneath a white flurry, watching the falling flakes reflected in the lake. Despite the tag, the placid body of water next to town is not Lake Placid -- it's Mirror Lake. The namesake is down the road, a bit off the beaten track.
3 Surprises Lurking In Your Airfare -- Bet You Don't Know What They Are Your airline ticket isn't what it seems to be.
The Importance Of Family Travel I have long been glad they \dragged\ me to the ends of the earth, but it wasn't until the day in the Tetons that I fully understood what I was grateful for. Until then I'd thought only of what the travel had given me as an individual -- the sense of comfort in new places, the knowledge that there was a great big world out there. My call to my father was the first time I appreciated what the trips had given us as a family.
America's Best Ski Towns (PHOTOS) \There's nothing like a hot tub and ski-in, ski-out lodging, but a great ski town needs more than that.\
Toast 2013 All Year Long At These 7 Sophisticated Champagne Lounges (PHOTOS) Legend has it that when Dom Perignon first discovered champagne, he called out, \Come quickly, I am tasting the stars!\ It's hard to disagree with the Frenchman -- a cool glass of bubbly can make even the most stoic person let loose a giggle or a smirk.
A New Beginning While many journalists, philosophers, scientists and lay people debated the significance of the Mayan calendar finishing last December 21, one fact that was consistently overlooked was that the Mayans celebrated the end of their calendar as it was regarded as a new beginning.
24 Hours In Cape Town (PHOTOS) I had heard glowing reports about this southernmost mecca from South African friends living in San Diego and Los Angeles. I now understand why when they move to the U.S., they often choose Southern California as a logical nesting place. My maiden voyage to \the Cape\ was one of surprise and delight.
7 Family Vacation Bargains To Snag Right Now If your no. 1 New Year's resolution is to find an affordable family vacation, congratulate yourself as you tick it off your list.
12 Months Of Travel Resolutions For 2013 (PHOTOS) When you look back on 2013, what do you think will stand out
Hottest Travel Destinations Of 2013 The world is still vast, and even as you check iconic places off your bucket list, there's a craving to set sail for the new, the next, the undiscovered. To determine which destinations like Bahia Ballena are coming up on the radar, T+L asked safari experts and art dealers, cutting-edge chefs and even branding agencies where they're seeing a new neighborhood emerge or wineries getting more acclaim.
Winterland By tomorrow, we will have run out of things to do, and end up at a Roman-style bathhouse where I will receive what is hands-down -- literally -- the most unsatisfying massage of my life. Now, though, despite frozen nostrils and a sore throat, I want to take one last mental picture of a place I will almost surely never see again.
Best Cities To Visit In 2013 These electric and eclectic world cities are ripe for a visit this year. Here's why.
Spain's Most Anticipated Holiday For Children El D\u00eda de Los Reyes Magos (The Day of the Three Kings) is the most anticipated holiday of the year for Spanish children. Also known as Epiphany, it's celebrated 12 days after Christmas and marks the day Los Reyes Magos, the Three Kings from the East, brought gold and gifts to the newly-born Baby Jesus.
8 Reasons Why Visiting Iceland Should Be Your New Year's Resolution Iceland was settled by Nordic people in the ninth century and is a unique destination that offers unspoilt nature, breathtaking landscapes and vibrant culture. Here are eight great reasons to visit.
Change How You Travel In 2013 Unlike typical New Year's resolutions such as losing weight, quitting smoking or training to run your first marathon, which -- let's be honest -- are often times hard to keep, I offer here three tried and true travel resolutions that are fun and much easier to adopt.
Pack Like a Pro There's no end to our quest for self-improvement -- the urge to do everything better, smarter, faster, cooler. In this spirit
The Biggest Celebrity Hotel Scandals Of 2012 (PHOTOS) Alas, 2012 has come and gone, and we can't help but get a little nostalgic. After all, it was a great year -- especially in the hotel industry. But what really rocked our world this past year were the numerous (and we mean numerous) celebrity scandals that went down behind closed hotel doors.
Barack Obama Hawaii Vacation Do you have a favorite place for shave ice? Let us know in the comments below. And find some of our favorite shots of the
7 Ways To Stay Pretty When You Travel I'll let you in on a little secret
From Movie Locales To Mobile Devices Travel website Orbitz.com just released its 2013 forecast of all things travel and here's the inside scoop.
Cruise Review Many luxury travelers are skeptical about taking cruise vacations. They associate cruises with mediocre, calorific buffet food; cramped, ill-designed cabins; hoards of people with lines at every turn; not being able to get off the beaten path; and being nickeled and dimed for extras. If you are cruise avoidant, a voyage on the Crystal Symphony will dispel any such misgivings.
Janapar In 2007, at the happy-long-road-ahead age of 23, Englishman Tom Allen launched into the world. He headed out of his village with plans to \cycle a lap of the Earth.\ Three and a half years, 12,000 mapless miles and 32 countries later comes the film Janapar.
10 Tips On How To Be A Better Traveler In 2013 When you travel, please remember that the plane, car, boat, bus or any other mode of conveyance is NOT your private place! It's bad enough when you are jammed packed into a metal tube for hours when flying with strangers, but what's worse is when the people you are traveling with think it's their world and all others have to endure living in it.
8 Great Wildlife Adventures For 2013 While travel to dramatic landscapes and different cultures is entrancing, nothing in my book compares for sheer exhilaration to an encounter with wildlife at close range.
Celebrating New Year's Sydney Style What could be better than panoramic views of the Opera House, an idyllic sunset and prime position for fireworks?
5 Travel Resolution Solutions As I was thinking about my own travel resolution, I realize that travel is the ultimate solution to so many common resolutions, from loosing weight to meeting a future mate, to de-stressing your life.
London For Every Traveler (PHOTOS) It may have a stormy reputation, but like most of the greats, this city's best qualities lie in its history, culture and activities -- and it's certainly not a destination you want to miss!
Ozzy Osbourne Airport Could Become A Thing In Birmingham, UK Enter an airport named after the Prince of Darkness himself, Ozzy Osbourne. The head of the record company that discovered
13 Travel Tweeters To Follow In 2013 There are plenty of great travel tweeters to choose from but the 13 below will not disappoint. These tweeters are for those who love to travel, are eager to learn travel tips and want to stay informed and find deals.
The TSA Wants To Be Everywhere In 2013 -- Here's Why We Shouldn't Let It When the Minnesota Vikings faced off against the Green Bay Packers last weekend in Minneapolis, the big story wasn't that the Vikings defeated the Pack to secure a wildcard berth. It was, strangely, the TSA.
Rihanna Barbados The \Diamonds\ singer is back as a tourism ambassador for her home country with sexy new ads for the Caribbean island. (She
Chow Down Suite-Side With Celebrity Chef Room Service (PHOTOS) The hotels with the most bragging rights are going a step above by not only offering a gourmet experience in the dining room but one delivered to your door as well.
Flying Lessons From 2012 There's no better way to see the ebb and flow in the world\nof aviation than to go back and review the events of the past year. As I look at what I saw fit to write about in 2012, I appreciate the unconventional approach some airlines have taken in response to the rapid changes in the industry.
Turkish Delight I fall head over heels in love with Istanbul each time I visit. The people, the history, the food, the joie de vivre and architecture are all irresistible.
Thailand In this episode of The 30 Postcards Project, I was able to spend a truly magical day with one of nature's most impressive creatures, an animal whose future is unfortunately in question.
Serenaded By The Beauty Of Croatia Picturesque seascapes, pulsating waterfalls, bountiful green valleys... such was the palette of backdrops we discovered while driving through continental and coastal Croatia a few months ago.
From Designer Condoms To 3D Glasses Some hotels feature rather surprising minibar offerings -- we're talking walking sticks and 24-karat gold vibrators. It's enough to make guests pause in their perusal of the candy selection and say, \Wait, what?\
Louise Roe's Little Black Book Of London Before moving to Los Angeles four years ago, I lived in Notting Hill, probably (thanks to Hugh Grant and Julia Roberts) now one of the most famous enclaves in England's awesome capital, London. Now I go back a few times a year to film a TV show and for Christmas, to relax at home and enjoy the city.
Your New Year's Travel Resolution? Don't Be A Jerk There's something about travel -- whether you're flying, driving or sailing -- that brings out the jerk in all of us. Like the guy in seat 26B just in front of me right now on a flight from Honolulu to Los Angeles, who is probably a nice guy on the ground. But put him on a plane, and shortly after takeoff, he jams his seat into my knees without so much as an apology.
Rick Steve's Travel Bloopers 2012 (VIDEO) These clips also remind me how thrilling it is to be all alone in great places and how we have no control over who veers into our shots.
London, The Holidays And The Rolling Stones Letting a concert's location determine a travel itinerary is not typical-- unless you follow jam bands, of course. But participating in London's holiday revelry was an unexpected benefit to attending the Rolling Stones' 50th anniversary show.
Best New Year's Eve Party Towns There are plenty of other cities ringing in 2013 in a truly memorable fashion. We've scoured the globe for hot spots where you won't just be another face in a televised crowd, but where you can really kick off an exciting new year in style.
Whistler Blackcomb Peak to Peak not only offers easy accessibility to either mountain but gorgeous views during the ride in one of the 28 sky cabins.
Top Ski Resort Spas (PHOTOS) The water is traditionally piping hot, but you can cool down with icy washcloths over your face.
Our 13 Favorite Luxury Hotels In The Caribbean (PHOTOS) We've compiled a list of our favorite luxury hotels in the Caribbean so you can start planning what to do after your New Year's resolution of winning the lottery comes true.
McKeesport, Pennsylvania The ensuing years have not been kind to the former manufacturing hotbed. Seeing it now, it's hard to imagine the bright future that, once upon a time, seemed to await this growing municipality.
Washing Clothes On The Road? Get A Miniature Washboard A couple of years ago I ran across an inexpensive gadget that enables you to get tough on the grime while limiting the damage to your fingers
The Best Travel Tweets Of 2012 Our favorite fake government agent gives us daily reminders of the hassles of flying, and, best of all, makes us laugh while doing it.
Your Ideas For Raising The Bar On New Year's Eve After some great domestic parties ringing in the new year and a number of adventurous international countdowns, I'm now in search of new opportunities to raise the bar and feed the continuing addiction to amazing blowout New Year's Eve celebrations.
Germany's Winter Wonderlands Despite the cold, with the thermometer often sinking below freezing, mothers in thick coats pushing baby carriages swaddled in blankets were as common as bakers with their loaves. And all around me, the world's languages and their owners drifted past, evidence that Christmas markets attract international visitors. Russian couples here, Turkish there, a moment of Italian lyric vowels and a French family outfitting their kids with wool mittens.
New Zealand Set off on your own adventure to the places that inspired the on-screen settings in \The Hobbit
How To Ride A Local Bus In Africa While travelling 8,512 kilometers overland from Victoria Falls, Zambia to Lamu Island, Kenya does not quite make us experts in the field of transit, we did learn some very valuable lessons on the mysterious process of African overland travel.
Top 8 Videos To Satisfy Your Wanderlust (VIDEO) Paraphrasing Homer Simpson
Touring Jamaica's (And James Bond's) GoldenEye Resort A resort, shaken and stirring.
New England's Best Ski Spots For Families k. Another nod to Okemo is their superior ski area food, from Asian at the summit, Waffles on the slopes, to woodfired flatbreads, signature martinis and s'mores by the fire for the kids at Coleman Brook Tavern
A Rocky Road To Warsaw's Many Delights After 12 hours of traveling instead of the expected three, we finally made it to Warsaw. The next morning, refreshed, we finally got to experience the many delights of Warsaw.
How Women Can Avoid Holiday Hotel Crime What with hackers compromising door locks and databases and -- as happened to me last week -- wall safes coming off their hinges, how can you expect to relax in your hotel room and feel safe?
Why St Lucia Is Hot With Travelers (Heat Aside) At Sugar Beach, one need merely wave the red drink flag to have service appear in seconds by the pool.
How To Survive Moscow's Frozen Winters On the same side as the Kremlin, facing the frozen Moskva River, we stumbled upon the Cathedral of Christ the Saviour, which is now better known as the Pussy Riot church.
New Year's Travel Hogmanay, Edinburgh's New Year's celebration, may not be the biggest celebration on Earth, the hippest or, for that matter
The Most Instagrammed Places 2012 Instagram has hit the road. The wildly popular photo sharing app has become the de facto vacation camera for users around
17 Things Your Flight Attendant Won't Tell You Ever wonder what your flight attendant really thinks of you? What they'd tell you if they had the nerve? Or weren't afraid of being fired? What deep, dark secrets would they reveal about their jobs?
Best Places To Celebrate The New Year The over 100-year-old Ball Drop in New York City's Times Square is the most iconic , but it's not the the biggest or most expensive.
15 Best Restaurants In Europe (PHOTOS) It would have been easy to name really good restaurants in France alone or Italy or Spain or the U.K. -- but we wanted to represent as wide a geographical reach as possible, not just recognizing the best in more familiar places, but discovering lesser-known gems in other corners of the continent.
Stunning Stairways Around the World (PHOTOS) Just remember
Roosevelt Island's New Four Freedoms Park Flourishes In Winter (PHOTOS) The stone is as grey as the sky. It is beautiful and absolutely silent, a true oasis just a river's length away from bustling midtown and the FDR drive.
10 Reasons 2013 Is The Time To Visit Albania Isolated for decades under a dictatorship that was harsh even by Communist standards, Albania opened up in the 1990s and has since been hustling to catch up to the rest of Europe.
The Trip That Changed My Life I'd heard of trips like these before, usually over tapas while welcoming back a travel buddy, smiling and nodding, placating them while asking, \Well, sure. Doesn't every trip change your life?
Your Plane, A User's Manual t's not a power trip for us, it's a simple power down for you. Just do it. You know what we're talking about. The time has come. Just. Turn. Them. Off.
Pushkar, India As I stepped barefoot through the lake's sacred gateway, a man drizzled orange flower petals into my palm.
13 Travel Resolutions For 2013 I resolve to turn off my \work brain\ when on a trip.
How To Fly Through TSA Lines Don't you just love doin' the TSA dance? Here are some steps to make it a more fun, fast and efficient one:
Where To Go (And Not Go) In 2013 If you are reading this, you survived the Mayan Day of Reckoning and are now happily imagining some fresh 2013 travel destinations.
The Most Romantic Cities On Earth (PHOTOS) From the Victorian inns of San Francisco to the teahouses of Kyoto, the world is full of romantic destinations.
BCS Bowl Travel Since the world thankfully didn't end, college football fans are gearing up for their Super Bowl. In case you hadn't heard
Travel Bloggers Whether it's stumbling on the best things to do in Amsterdam, the most authentic underground clubs in Berlin, mountain peak hikes in Mongolia, or jungle terrain in Africa, travel bloggers see and do it all.
Tarantino to Visit Tarantino-Inspired Nightclub in Paris \Every nightclub must have a story,\ enthused globe-trotter nightclub entrepreneur Cyril Peret as he leads me around his
America's Top Three Most Relaxing Destinations (VIDEO, PHOTOS) Feeling the holiday stress? A sniff of the calming scents of lavender and chocolate could be helpful, but, of course, we
Gal\u00e1pagos Birds And The Evolution Of A Passion There is a six-foot boundary law for all animals on the islands. As humans, it was our duty to keep that distance even though the birds, who approached us regularly didn't seem to care about the rule.
Merida, Mexico A newer attraction on the tour routes -- it's only 450 years old -- is a colonial town full of yellow buildings called Izamal.
A Love Letter To Phoenix Every city in the world fills occasionally with tears, but in Phoenix tears dry quickly.
Spain's Buffet Of New Year's Celebrations Even with the economic crisis looming over the country, Spaniards still excel at celebrations.
Solving The New Year's Vacation Dilemma Some years ago I discovered my answer to the New Year's Eve conundrum, and that is to build a great trip around that night.
Planning A Stress-Free Vacation We needed to shut our brains off for a week, to be able to spend time together and let others do the work for us. The decision was easy; we were going on a cruise.
Destinations To Watch In 2013 Here's the best New Year's resolution
10 Basic Packing Tips Every Traveler Should Know Packing is pivotal. Forget an essential item and you're left disappointed and scrambling to find the nearest store in your destination. So we thought it best to revisit the most basic -- and most useful -- packing rules.
A Visa Scavenger Hunt to Visit Myanmar From September 23 to 28, 2012, we focused in Bangkok, Thailand on figuring out how to get a visa to Myanmar. We traveled by local boat (15B about 50 cents) and sky-train (15B one stop) from Koh San Road to the Silom area where the Myanmar embassy is located.
5 Ways to Pay for Next Year's Family Vacation As 2012 draws to a close, now is the perfect time to start thinking about next year's family vacation. Admittedly, the least fun part of trip-planning is figuring out how you're going to pay for it.
Turkey Anyone? What will be on the menu for those flying on Xmas day this year... sandwiches, crackers, peanuts or something a little more festive?
7 Places to Travel for Food in 2013 Culinary travel is the next big thing, from cooking classes in Tuscany to street-food tours in Istanbul. So where will you plan your next foodie adventure?
The Best Hotel Bars for a Winter Cocktail Nothing squelches the holiday spirit like a few hours of mall shopping during the busiest time of the year. To pick yourself up again, here's a tipple
World's Tallest Christmas Trees Why do we love Christmas trees? And why do we especially enjoy the incredibly tall ones? The lanky conifers with long, graceful branches seem particularly enchanting to us.
5 Unexpected (and Strange!) Alaskan Creatures Most people come to Alaska for the whales, the bears and the soaring eagles. And rightly so! These majestic creatures are the stuff of legends.
3 Unforgettable Villa Vacations in Jamaica The island of Jamaica is a popular tourist destination because of its tropical climate, craggy coastline with white sandy beaches, lush tree and ground vegetation, verdant golf courses, zesty foods paired with reggae and rum and long tradition of warmth and hospitality.
Antarctica's Remote, Towering Mountains Standing 45 miles out from the mountain front across McMurdo Sound, Ross Island boasts the world's southern most active volcano, Mt. Erebus, with a continuously convecting lava lake at its summit.
The Christmas Capital Of Texas (PHOTOS) There's even a life-sized Gingerbread House, made with real gingerbread and of course Santa Claus.
7 Things You'll Love About The TSA I can think of seven things about airport security that I love -- and that I think you will, too. As one of the busiest travel weeks of the year begins today, let's review them.
Paris Dining The luxurious Shangri-La Paris -- in the former mansion of a great-nephew of Napoleon Bonaparte, no less -- is the object of considerable interest, particularly among food lovers
2012's Great Moments In Hotel Customer Service While many like to bemoan the lack of customer service in the hospitality industry these days, there are still a handful of properties around the globe who know how to do things right.
Go On 'An Unexpected Journey' To 'Hobbit' And 'Lord Of The Rings' Sights In New Zealand (PHOTOS) While Middle Earth may be a fictional combo of legend and lore, the actual setting for the \Lord of the Rings\ and the \Hobbit\ movies couldn't be more real.
Why You Should Stay In A Hostel In my experience, hostels are generally clean, inviting, hospitable and full of friendly staff members and guests. After staying in a handful of hostels, I actually find that I prefer them to hotels because they are safe and comfortable places to stay without a hefty price tag.
Rounding Up South Africa's Best We had the enviable job of checking out some of the country's best safari lodges, signature game reserves, countryside boutique hotels and, of course, the exuberant wildlife. Here's the best of the best.
Our Favorite 2012 Travel Memories This year, the Deal Experts at Travelzoo touched every continent on our travels, and along the way forged new friendships, got a little lost, felt a million miles from home and grew eager to plan the next adventure.
Maya Apocalypse 2012 In Belize, locals like to tell tourists that there are more ruined Maya buildings in the country than actual buildings. Whether
Last Minute Holiday Gift Guide Of Gadgets & Gear For The Travel Savvy (PHOTOS) From tech toys to fashion-forward gear and on-the-go gifts that tackle health and wellness while away, this guide covers all lifestyle aspects for the travel savvy.
Presidents On Vacation While we're all for presidents enjoying themselves, we're also all for mocking their funny vacation photos (see, they are
President Obama Hawaii As he has in past years, President Obama is set to head off on a Christmas vacation to Hawaii later this month. We've seen
13 of the Best Luxury Hotels in Europe (PHOTOS) There are plenty of different ways to travel in Europe -- from shoestring-budget trips to over-the-top getaways worthy of the British royals. Keep reading and discover our favorite luxury hotels in Europe!
5 Budget-Friendly Volunteerships In Mumbai Make better sense of the Mumbai madness by adding some structure to your trip.
6 Great Places To Spend Christmas In Italy Visiting Italy during the Christmas season offers two bonuses
The 20 Best New Year's Eve Celebrations With the New Year just around the corner, now's the time to make your New Year's resolutions, drink away the last year's regrets and celebrate starting all over again in 2013.
Visit Festive Santa Fe Santa Fe, New Mexico, has all you need to get into the festive spirit with carolers, musical  performances, special holiday gallery exhibitions and fun for the whole family.
Top 3 Must Do's At Walt Disney World's New Fantasyland With the winter holidays upon us, there's no doubt that families will be packing up and heading out to visit one of the most iconic vacation destinations in the country
Need a Last-Second Gift? Think Weird Stuff From Vermont (Not the Mall). Even if you haven't ever been to Vermont, you've got some Green Mountains in your mind. I know you do. There's that image of a town with candles in windows. There are those trees tapped for sugaring. And there's that swirling nighttime snow.
Jerusalem's Ein Kerem Take a day in beautiful Ein Kerem and get to know its many shades. Meet the artists, shops and restaurants that create an exceptional mosaic that is the village.
Pierre, South Dakota Near the Capitol, the South Dakota Cultural Heritage Center has outstanding exhibits on the native and post-Columbian history
What Is It Like To Fly on the New Boeing 787 Dreamliner? Since the cabin is so spacious, the overhead bins are a bit high. So, they have these steps behind every seat. I always hate
Maya Apocalypse 2012 The young and aggressively tanned festival goers headed toward Chichen Itza to celebrate the dawning of a new era in cheap
San Francisco's Michelin-Starred Restaurants (PHOTOS) San Francisco's restaurants are known for melding Californian cuisine with a broad spectrum of global culinary influences. And this trick has certainly paid off
24 Years Later, Remembering Pan Am Flight 101 Dec. 21, 1988 was the day the airport lounge was transformed from an opulent inner sanctum for the privileged first class passenger to an urbane chamber of horrors for the next of kin. As an airline agent, inner strength and numbness enabled me to carry out my duties without falling apart as I confirmed these families' worst nightmare.
Shanghai and Beijing How come we didn't realize just how much we would like this city that reminded us of a distant cousin of New York City? Shanghai is bold and gritty, gracious but tough, new and old, which are all key ingredients to making a place work.
What Were Your Best 2012 Travel Memories And 2013 Resolutions? Bon Voyage 2012 I am always nostalgic when I remember my trips to France, and a visit this past August with my daughter ranks
Top Travel Gear Picks for 2012 I've done a lot of travel in the past year, for a whole lot of different trips with varying degrees of style. Backpacking, luxury hotels, camping... I like to think I'm a flexible traveller.
Hawaii For Every Traveler (PHOTOS) Whether you're on a budget or you're looking for luxury, Oyster has found just the spot to stay for almost every kind of traveler -- and has the perfect Hawaii hotel for you.
Stay In This Apocalypse-Themed Suite (If The World Doesn't End) At the Roxbury boutique motel in the Catskills, there's a new end-of-the-world room opening this month...
15 Affordable Caribbean Hotels To Stay Warm At This Winter (PHOTOS) The Caribbean isn't too far away (especially for us East Coasters), and some island hotels are featuring wonderfully affordable rates this time of year.
20 Best Hotel Restaurants Around The World (PHOTOS) It used to be that a hotel was the last place any serious eater would venture to dine. That started changing about two decades ago when hotels began recognizing that their in-house restaurants could be an asset, crafted into destinations in their own right.
Best B&Bs For A Romantic Vacation This Winter (PHOTOS) Spark a fire this winter in one of these unique bed and breakfast getaways chosen by Bescover.
Expert Answers To 10 Common Travel Questions Should you wait to book? How do you spot a good deal? What's the best way to avoid bag fees? The good news is that I have answers.
Is That a Bomb in Your Suitcase or... Whoops While the cargo doors of the aircraft were being secured, one of our baggage handlers raced up into the cockpit to advise us that they'd heard a buzzing noise coming from a suitcase. Everyone started looking around to see who the culprit was that was holding up the departure.
Romantic Beijing While we're all for lovey-dovey settings to fete your coupledom, we're also of the mind that romantic clich\u00e9s can be a little tiresome. Sometimes the best spot for a couples' getaway is the least obvious, the one where romance is all the more special because you have to look a little to find it.
The Most Handicap-Accessible Destinations Around the World For those with disabilities, the challenges of traveling go beyond just getting to the airport on time and figuring out the TV in their hotel rooms. But fortunately, numerous destinations in the U.S. and abroad continue to work towards making travel for the handicapped as smooth as possible.
Getting Older and Getting Away With Girlfriends I started the girlfriend getaway tradition with a trip to the Dominican Republic with Paula, my best friend from law school who lives in frigid Minnesota and was excited to hit a warm beach for a few days.
Soul-Searching I have not chosen travel media as a career because I simply want to have a fun time, live the travel dream or live selfishly. No. Travel has taught me that it is a great teacher.
Maya Apocalypse 2012 Which is all to say that the Maya brand is being diluted. If Mexico City is built on the remains of a great Aztec metropolis
Football, Food and Fun in Nashville \I always combine my football games with fun weekends,\ said Cohen, as we swapped a list of Nashville restaurants and music
Snowshoeing In The Dolomites For outdoor enthusiasts who enjoy the unique experience that traditional winter sports have to offer, snowshoeing is the perfect sport. Add in the magnificent natural beauty and perfect snow-covered terrain of the Dolomites, and you've got the perfect setting for an unforgettable snowshoeing adventure.
Waiting for the End of the World on the Riviera Maya Here on the Riviera Maya, on the Eve of Destruction, ominous signs of the end of the world are everywhere. Yes, it seems that in this tourist mecca of surf and sand, the Mayan prophesies of the End of Days are being heeded.
Maya Apocalypse 2012 \When you find a new cavern it is incredible to think no one has been there ever before,\ he told me as we unloaded our equipment
Top 10 Moscow Travel Tips Moscow is one of the largest cities that may still, in the minds of many Westerners, seem to qualify as \adventure travel\ thanks to a mountain of bad press. Here are some tips that will make your journey more fun -- and less of the wrong kind of \adventure.\
Charles Phan Loves Napa We don't go for wine tastings, but our out-of-town guests certainly do. When you live in Napa, your guests are always a bit tipsy.
The 22 Most Annoying Airport Security Checkpoints (PHOTOS) Anyone who flies has suffered the agony of long security lines, intrusive X-ray scans or pat downs and confusing rules. But which airports incite the most frustration?
Hobbit Homes You Can Rent (PHOTOS) For those who want to live like Bilbo on their next vacation, these 10 hobbit homes featured on FlipKey provide the perfect place for second breakfast.
Everything I Learned About Russia, I Learned In A Vodka Bottle When it comes to vodka, the Russians don't mess around.
7 Ways to Avoid Baggage Fees In the first half of 2012, U.S. airlines raked in $1.7 billion in baggage fees, the largest amount ever collected by the industry in a six-month period. But, with a little know-how and some planning ahead, you can beat 'em.
Rome For The Holidays Rome is an ideal place for the week between Christmas and New Year's Day. Chilly, perhaps; potentially rainy, but truly festive. As always, the city is crawling with tourists, but the hordes are noticeably thinner than in the summer and refreshingly short on Americans.
Home Alone Upon one of the arrivals at JFK, an agent called my office to advise they had a 12-year-old unaccompanied minor, his luggage, and no parents to sign for him. After six hours, my fear was that the parents had gotten into a serious accident rendering them powerless to call.
Sandestin Golf and Beach Resort in Florida Delights When many think of Florida, they have visions of South Beach nightlife, a Latin flair and a bevy of palm trees lining the streets as scantily clad tourists and natives mingle up and down Lincoln Road. But Florida has so much more to offer.
American Airlines' New Fare Options May Be a Bargain Airline passengers hate all those extra fees for bags and flight changes, and according to my emails and Twitter feed, many would like the extra perks to be \re-bundled\ into fares (i.e., stop \nickel and diming us\).
5 Ways to Stay in Turks and Caicos (PHOTOS) 37-mile chain of islands, Turks and Caicos radiates a particular Caribbean-ness, with dreamy blue waters, golden beaches, excellent snorkeling and bioluminescent glow worms lighting up the water at night.
Stockholm Travel Stockholm is one of the most desirable cruise destinations on Baltic and Northern European itineraries for good reason. Most cruise ships dock right in the city center, but you won't fall into a tourist trap. Indeed, this city is anything but touristy, although it is an ideal and welcoming place to be one.
How to Experience Winemaking in France's Aquitaine Region There is so much to see, do, drink and eat in France's famed Aquitaine Region, so this time I decided to go with a theme and check out some of the new unique winemaking experiences that are now being offered in Bordeaux and throughout the region.
Falling for the Niagara Falls Everyone had been to Niagara Falls except for me -- I hate crowds and I don't like the idea of jockeying for position with camera-toting tourists. But when I watched the roiling Falls on TV last spring, I suddenly ached to see them in person.
Negril, Jamaica I awoke to the solitude of a sweet Jamaican morning, a warm breeze rustling tall palms, the shimmer of a glass-like Caribbean Sea.
The Top 5 Oscar Niemeyer Architecture Sites Brazil's most famous architect, Oscar Niemeyer, died this month at the age of 104. But his eye-catching, visionary works will live on. Here, a few of my favorite must-see destinations for fans of Niemayer's modernist style.
Most Popular New Year's Eve 2012 Destinations In The U.S. (PHOTOS) A new batch of data has revealed the most popular destinations for end-of-the-year revelry. Travel search site Kayak says
Cruising Alaska Whether on a small-boat tour, or even closer to the water in a kayak, when exploring desolate little bays and inlets, sea lions are a constant presence.
Christmas Markets Of Bolzano, Dolomites Modern day Bolzano presents a magical convergence of the area's rich, ancient past with its modern, vibrant present. One of the best times to visit is from mid-November through most of December, when the area is transformed into a winter wonderland and is bustling with visitors who come to experience the famous Christmas Market of Bolzano.
8 Reasons to Explore Eastern Europe It's affordable, steeped in history and, in parts, both bizarre and incredibly beautiful. Plus, in some countries, beer is cheaper than water. Yes, really, it is. But for some reason, Eastern Europe doesn't often feature on many travellers' bucket lists.
Ridiculously Crazy Roads Around the World (PHOTOS) If the thought of the open road sends your heart into high gear, this list is for you. From precarious cliffs to hairpin turns there are some pretty crazy places to let the pedal hit the metal.
World's Best Hotels For Food Lovers (PHOTOS) Private island dining, Michelin-starred meals, breakfast with elephants -- it's all on offer at these top-rated hotels from our 2013 Gold List.
Cutest Baby Animals at U.S. Zoos (PHOTOS) These photos are just adorable.
Is Delta About To Get A Lot Sexier? Even if Delta retains its corporatist image and mediocre product quality, though, the prospect of being able to accrue, redeem and enjoy benefits on Virgin Atlantic makes Delta's frequent flyer program, SkyMiles, and its alliance network, SkyTeam, much more attractive for transatlantic fliers.
One Note (Or Two) On Planning A Trip With Kids If you think pulling together a complex trip is the kind of organizational nightmare that'll make you feel like you're in a bad remake of a Vacationmovie -- don't worry. There's an app for that. Take it from me
Florence, Italy I've been traveling to Florence for three decades and have been lucky enough to stay at some amazing hotels. Here, my favorites.
30 Things Traveling Has Taught Me About Life as I Turn 30 Having had the opportunity to visit 65 countries in the past eight years, I feel very lucky to have had the opportunity to travel so much. The people in each place have taught me so much about love, happiness, generosity and life.
Where the Locals Hang Out in Berlin Berlin is popular amongst travelers, and that's for a good reason. Are you in the market for unique spots, ones that locals highly recommend, spots that you might not find in a paper travel guide?
How to Stay Safe and Healthy While Traveling Abroad With a little foresight, and by following these simple guidelines, you'll be better able to stay safe and healthy, no matter your destination this busy holiday season -- whether you're in India or somewhere much closer to home.
Bora Bora Yes, it's a tiring journey, but when you step onto the silky white sands and take a deep breath at the other end, it's beyond worth it.
How We Broke a World Record in Indiana After years of keeping his master work strictly among family and friends, the time had come to reveal it to the world. Mike Carmichael decided to build a pavilion to showcase the ever-growing globe and the accolades soon followed.
Hotels For The Tech Geek (PHOTOS) The arms race to wire hotel rooms with the latest, highest-tech toys means there's no shortage of options for the gadget geek, the telecommuter or even the gamer. But the best hotels go further than simply plugging in the newest electronics.
7 Hotels With Extraordinary Nightly Turndown Services Turning in for the night is a routine activity at most hotels, many of which mark the moment with a ubiquitous piece of chocolate placed on the pillow-top during nightly turndown service.
Where To Smoke Weed despite the recent tourist drug ban in the Netherlands, tourists and locals alike can continue to openly smoke in Amsterdam's cafes. And numerous neighboring countries where weed is decriminalized have loose policies when it comes to the drug's recreational use.
Maya Calendar 101 Within the multidisciplinary world of \2012ology,\ theories span the gamut from serious academic discussions by glyph-deciphering Maya geeks to theorists who think that, on December 21, 2012, a magnetic phenomenon caused by the sun will trigger all human pineal glands to release a hallucinogen resulting in a mass humanity-wide acid trip.
The Museum of Everything in Paris Is a Must-See If you're in Paris before February, don't miss the temporary exhibit of outsider art at The Museum of Everything. Disbelief and awe were the prevailing sentiments at the end of my visit.
Top 5 Mogul Runs There you are, sitting at the top of your favorite mountain. On your right side is the comfort and ease of a nicely groomed run, and on the left is a difficult and exhausting mogul run -- what do you do? Shake and bake baby!
The Best Live Music in Barcelona Barcelona's nightlife scene has something for everyone, but especially for those who love live music. The vibrant culture provides this city with the perfect atmosphere to kick back and enjoy some mellow tunes or bust some moves to an enthusiastic DJ.
3 Sexy Travel Spots to Ring in the New Year Still trying to figure out where to spend the last days of 2012? Whether you're flying solo or ready to hop a plane with your mate, consider these three seriously sexy places to end the year.
11 Awesome Last-Minute Gifts You Can Swipe From Your Hotel (PHOTOS) From gourmet goodies to decadent bath products to home d\u00e9cor, hotels have plenty of items that can make the perfect present -- so swipe something on your next hotel stay (and pay up, of course!) or simply swipe the suggestion!
The Eden Valley Many travel to Cumbria for the Lake District. Of course, it is beautiful and the mountains and lakes are a huge pull. But, on the other, eastern side of the M6 motorway sits this beautiful wide open valley with its hidden treasures and stunning backdrops.
World's Best Shopping Cities For The Holidays Tired of visiting the same designer boutiques, venerable chains and fluorescently-lit retail centers? So are we. That's why we decided to scour the globe for unique shopping spots; in these retail heavens, you'll find an eclectic array of boutique haunts, stylish department stores and secret discount venues.
Bad Airline Service Whether you want to congratulate or lambast an airline you've recently flown, head on over to BadAirline and make an airline complaint on the airline's report card. Or, subscribe to our airline news blog and keep abreast of the latest airline developments.
Why Travel TV Shows Suck My hatred for travel shows stems from one source
Maya Apocalypse 2012 \I want to keep these things because it is best for all this area,\ Colmenares said. \My family was not Maya, but now my
Confiscated Guns At U.S. Airports To Top 1,500 This Year To Beat Previous Records Travelers in the United States are trying to bring more loaded weapons than ever onto airplanes. On average, four travelers per day are caught by Transportation and Security Administration agents\u00a0attempting to pass through security with a weapon \u00a0-- and more than three out of four of these guns are loaded.
Festive Foods Celebration is in the air around the world as the year comes to an end. And with every family gathering, religious ritual
Are Airplanes The Next Phone Booths? In the year 2012, how many people actually board a plane not knowing that these devices need to be turned off? I say if you have a smart phone you should have the smarts to know what is and isn't allowed...
Sports and Travel Just Go Together It doesn't matter if you see a game at the Maracana in Rio de Janeiro, a game at the Olympic Stadium in Kiev or a game at the Bell Centre in Montreal. All are fun, different and each one will take you to another great city in a great country.
Ice Hotel Construction starts in November, CNN reports, when the temperature is several degrees below freezing. The first phase of
Mayan Apocalypse 2012 The site is impressive not just because it is big -- it is large enough that I got lost for a good half an hour without running
Why Christmas 'Down Under' Is Just as Festive Having grown up in Australia, there's always a part of me that's quietly resented winter's monopoly over Christmas. You know exactly what I'm talking about
Home For The Holidays? Prepare For A Dose Of Reverse Culture Shock In a few short days, droves of people busting at the seams (mostly from a few too many sugar cookies) will be trying to shift and shimmy into airline seats fit for a 10-year-old child. Singles, couples and families will jet across this vast country for joyous holiday feasts and festivities. But mixed in amongst these \home for the holiday\ travelers is a completely different breed of traveler
3 Reasons The Terrorists Are Laughing At Us Now (Thanks, TSA) But while Osama Bin Laden is dead and gone, and unable to mock America's clumsy efforts to protect its planes from our Homeland-fueled fantasies, his disciples are more than capable of laughing at us. And laugh they do. How could they not? We've given them a lot of material, thanks to the Transportation Security Administration.
Poll It may come as no big surprise, but in an admittedly unscientific poll of over 1000 Airfarewatchdog.com visitors has determined that the old school \legacy\ airlines (American, Delta, United and US Airways) have the rudest personnel.
First Class Seats, Coach Prices The stairway to first class can be treacherous, but it's well worth working the system for those long flights.
The 12 Best-Value Destinations for Your Frequent Flyer Miles It's easy to get caught in the trap of hoarding miles without ever developing a plan to use them. A few thousand miles for a flight here, a credit card sign-up bonus there. Before you know it, you've got more than enough miles for a free trip.
An Ode To The Tokyo Grand Hyatt (PHOTOS) If the Park Hyatt is a haven -- spaces gradually get warmer and more intimate as you make your way from the entrance to the reception area -- the Grand Hyatt is a destination; a public event.
Play, Eat, Shop We dispatched Florida reporters, videographers and photographers to plot their day at the beach. Here's just a sampling of what they found.
Hong Kong's Food Surprises (VIDEO) If you go to Hong Kong and eat nothing but Chinese food, you are passing up a big bite of the scene. There is much more to the local cuisine than Peking duck and dim sum.
4 B&Bs That Promise Unique Experiences (PHOTOS) Charming inns are already a refreshing break from chain hotels, but some B&Bs provide experiences you really can't find elsewhere. Here are five places to stay that offer travelers activities and experiences far beyond the norm.
Gorgeous Beach Hotels In The Dominican Republic And Mexico (PHOTOS) Every day, Oyster.com continues to grow by visiting more and more places and adding more and more hotels to the site. You may have noticed, but we recently revisited the Dominican Republic and Riviera Maya to check out the scenes in our favorite beach locales. And we also made out first trip to beautiful Cozumel.
The Great Camps Of The Adirondacks | LuxEco Living Understated elegance. The Point rekindles the lifestyles of America\u2019s rich and powerful.\u00a0 Experience the grandeur, luxury
The World's Friendliest & Least Friendly Cities (PHOTOS) While we all know that Berliners and the French have a hard time treating tourists nicely, what about the rest of the world
Maya Apocalypse 2012 I'm struck by the fact the town's 963 citizens -- the number is freshly scrawled on a sign -- don't look particularly Maya
Epic Photos of the Everest Base Camp Trek 
How to Spend Christmas in Spain Spaniards do celebrate Christmas by spending holiday meals together, giving presents and lighting up spectacular decorations around the city centers, but many traditions are unique to their culture.
The Perfect Secluded Honeymoon In The Foothills Of Jamaica (PHOTOS) Whether you're planning your honeymoon or just dreaming about a getaway, you'll want to say \I do\ to the gorgeous Strawberry Hill.
'Tis The Season For Fabulous Family Vacation Freebies Cheap is good, but free is better -- especially when it comes to family vacation deals. Truth is, if you know where to look, you'll discover that there really is such a thing as a free lunch -- and deals that let you stay free, ski free and even cruise free.
Historic Hotels Earlier this week, with the help of Southern Living, we profiled four of the south's grand dame hotels that have been spruced
Celebrate The Holidays On The Jersey Shore Cape May is quintessential American throughout the year, but come the holidays it's all-out Mayberry.
Musee Mecanique When was the last time you walked into a museum and were encouraged to touch everything? Musee Mecanique, a hidden gem at San Francisco's touristed Fisherman's Wharf, is as strange as it is interactive -- and it's one heck of a lot of fun.
12 Things To Do Before The World Ends With the Maya apocalypse fast approaching, now is the time to start crossing some things off your bucket list. If you've ever wanted to stay on a private island, gamble with your life savings, or treat yourself to the best meal on Earth, you've got less than two weeks to do it.
The Big Upsell Don't get me wrong, I'm certainly not against fantastic trips at great prices and advertising them far and wide. My own company has developed quite a nice reputation for offering exotic travel at great prices. I'm talking about advertised prices that make absolutely no sense, and aren't actually the final price you'll pay anyway.
Irish Winter Wonderland When it comes to cozy winter charm -- roaring fires, hot (and strong!) drinks and snug nooks -- it's hard to top Ireland. Though winter is the off season for the Emerald Isle, it can be a magical time to visit.
Sri Lankan Serendipity Boasting far more attractions than we can list from jungle safaris, elephant sanctuaries and white water rafting to spiritual temples, sun-drenched beaches and mouthwatering cuisine, this once inaccessible country is quickly climbing its way up every globetrotters' bucket list.
New York City's Michelin Star Restaurants (PHOTOS) Traveling just a few blocks, you can't help but walk by a renowned restaurant, whether it boasts reliable, traditional fare or funky fusion that you can't find anywhere else.
Cheap Family Vacations That Don't Feel Cheap Think you just can't afford to take the family on vacation anytime soon? Guess again.
The Well-Traveled (And Well-Fed) Life Of A Chef (PHOTOS) Oyster tables were turning out freshly shucked oysters and the BBQ table had mac and cheese, roast pork, cornbread, fixins and pig paella. Five or six fires were burning around the space and were set in old sugarcane bowls that were formally used to cook down the cane syrup. We drank and ate our fill and headed back to the cottage for a bit more debauchery.
Hotels Celebrate European Christmas Traditions (PHOTOS) Mulled wine, skating rinks, reindeer-drawn sleigh rides through the snow, St. Nick lookalikes -- Christmas has arrived in Europe!
Wall Drug, South Dakota's Most Famous Road Trip Pit Stop, Loves Billboards (PHOTOS) But does it suck? Not really! It\u2019s the most earnest roadside attraction conceivable, which makes perfect sense in this most
Presidents Day 2013 No, we haven't yet celebrated Christmas, but it's that time of year again
Antarctica's Remote, Towering Mountains Straddling the continent of Antarctica, the Transantarctic Mountains are the most remote mountain belt on Earth.
Singapore Aquarium Hotel All photos
Utah Utah claims to have The Greatest Snow on Earth \u00ae. The state has even copyrighted the phrase, which is why I had to put that little registered trademark symbol next to it.
The Top Ho-Ho-Hotels for the Holidays The most wonderful time of the year is once again around the corner! And for those about to embark upon a yuletide vacation away from home, we've listed the merriest hotels around the globe guaranteed to get anyone into the holiday spirit
Why Don't Hotels Provide A Simple Light Switch? I loathe complex lighting pads, touch-screen technology and theatrical mood settings. Like many people, most of my stays in hotels are for two or three nights. Who has the time to get cosy with HAL from 2001
Memories Of The Holidays In Thailand By the time we finally tucked in on Christmas night, we truly had enjoyed the best possible amalgam of two worlds, Western and Eastern, to celebrate our respective traditions with great warmth, sharing and fond memories.
Why You Should Go To Maui This Christmas Replace door-to-door caroling with tree-to-tree zip lining, snow men with sandcastles and extended family with extended peace and quiet. Here are seven reasons you should go to Maui this Christmas.
10 Travel Gifts So Good You'll Want Them For Yourself Shopping for other people can be so tiresome during the holidays. Why not treat yourself to one of these great products from our holiday gift guide instead?
Segovia, Spain The Alc\u00e1zar de Segovia is one of the most recognizable and beautiful castles in Spain. Walt Disney thought so too -- the Alc\u00e1zar served as a key inspiration for the iconic Cinderella castle.
Winter In Venice In the summertime, Venice belongs to tourists -- 18 million tourists to be exact. But with winter's arrival, the city appears to reclaim itself. In those short weeks between the holidays and Carnevale, Venetians indulge in life the way it is meant to be.
Lava Lava Beach Club For all you soulful travelers who are wondering if the spirit of aloha is still alive a well in the middle of the Pacific Ocean, after a terrible tsunami and some heartbreaking years that followed, it is.
Discover Local Treasures With This New App One of our latest favorite apps for local discovery is SPUN. The app currently covers 11 cities in the United States including New York City, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Austin and others.
14 Things Not To Worry About When Traveling What are your foolproof methods for staying sane while traveling? Do you have an app, guide book or method that keeps your
North Korea, Mongolia and More Surprising Vacation Destinations We all read the travel magazines looking for the next great destination or \hidden\ itinerary, but what was this international group of experts buzzing about? What is the next \great thing\ in travel? Here are my predictions.
New Year's Eve 2012 Airbnb says more than 21,000 rental properties have already been reserved in the home of the ball drop, a nearly 300 percent
Historic Resorts Nestled in the Blue Ridge Mountains, the Grove Park Inn was established in 1913, and has had the honor of hosting 10 U.S
Bernadette Castro Loves Lloyd Harbor Email makes it hard to retreat from today's world, but when I start to wind down the narrow village roads leading home, I turn off the radio, put down my car windows and listen to the birds.
Titlis Cliff Walk Built some 10,000 feet above sea level, the more than 300-foot bridge celebrates the 100th anniversary of the Engelberg-Gerschnialp
787 Dreamliner I don't know about you, but I'm starting to feel like I've read the same glowing write-up 50 times. There's so much buzz about the plane it seems almost suspicious.
5 Glaciers To See Before They're Gone Standing at the rail of the Glacier Queen, we were riveted to the face of the 300-foot-high wall of ice towering before us. Though it was a quarter-mile away, we could hear every crack and crumble as the active tidewater glacier heaved and sloughed ice into the frigid waters of Prince William Sound.
Vail's Early Days In honor of Vail's 50th anniversary, we asked Morrie Shepard, the original director of the Vail Ski School, to recall the destination's beginnings.
5 Ways To Stay In Jamaica (PHOTOS) We've found just the spot to stay for almost every kind of traveler, so whether you're planning a romantic getaway or want to take the kids along, Oyster has a hotel for you.
European Train Travel The very best way to travel between London and Paris is the Eurostar train, which gets you from Saint Pancras station to the Gare du Nord, or the other way around, in about two and a quarter hours. Here's a trick that makes the trip even better.
St. Lucia There is a space between the Piton Mountains that, depending on where you're sitting, reveals a rainforest that spills into a seemingly endless ocean. Somewhere in this vastness of pristine water, wildlife and a few persistent birds, I discovered peace.
Zihuacan, Mexico About a half-hour drive from western Mexico's mega-resort at Ixtapa, there's a tiny village out in the boonies that's soon going to be seeing a lot of tourists. The big attraction there -- set to open to the public in early 2013 -- is an immense, 3,000-year-old archeological site being excavated just outside the village.
Frozen Toilet On Polish Passenger Train (PHOTO) A passenger on a Polish train, identified only as Agnieszka, had this experience Sunday while traveling from Szczecin to
Mayan Apocalypse The villages of Bugarach in Southern France, where a UFO supposedly lies dormant in a mountain, and \u015eirince in Turkey are
Antarctica's Winds Are The Horsemen Of Cold (PHOTOS) Cyclonic storms carrying moist, warm air spiral in from middle latitudes, bombarding the perimeter of the continent and sometimes dropping snow, but dissipating as they push toward the interior.
Visiting Every Country On Earth -- In Less Than 2 Hours (VIDEO) Two ambitious and creative young men who had a crazy idea -- to create a feature-length film with footage shot in every nation on earth. The part that makes it truly amazing is that it was all captured on a single day.
Douglas Ward, Cruise Expert, Shares His Ship Wisdom Over a period of 17 years, and in various roles, Douglas Ward has worked for nine different cruise companies, lastly as cruise director. Here are some of Ward's reflections on cruising.
Best Hotels In Silicon Valley For Mixing Business And Pleasure (PHOTOS) Silicon Valley is a major business hub and, as such, most hotels in the area cater to those traveling for work with well-equipped gyms, up-to-date business centers and comfortable rooms.
3 American Girls Have A Roller Coaster Weekend In Paris On black Friday, while most of our loved ones back home were on line at Best Buy, we went to Paris for a long weekend. What was in store for us was quite unlike any Thanksgiving weekend we'd ever experienced.
Experiential Travel Through eco-immersion, travelers see a place through local eyes and really own the experience in a powerfully personal way -- not your typical tourist experience, anywhere.
Hotels Dress Up For The Holidays It's that wonderful time of the year, where no matter where you travel to you'll be guided by thousands of twinkling lights and fueled through gingerbread cookies and hot cocoa. It's the holidays, and to celebrate the season hotels around the world are greeting guests with some magical displays and Santa sightings.
Christmas In Seattle (PHOTOS) Here's where I admit that despite Seattle's easy access from Vancouver, I've never actually visited the city before. Now I know what I've been missing.
A Weekend Passport To Old-School New York Even as the modern-day Big Apple excels in the ultra avant-garde everywhere from the fashion runway to molecular gastronomy to street art, the slightest nuance can send you hurtling back in time to a more classic epoch when Gotham was just coming into its own as a world city.
Oxford, England Oxford is a wonderful place for a day trip from London. While the college and university buildings are the obvious draws, there is much more here to entertain intrepid visitors.
Delta Air Lines Bought A $360 Million Stake In Virgin Atlantic For One Very Good Reason... Virgin Atlantic doesn't belong to any of the big three airline alliances and the airline commands a coveted 304 slots at Heathrow.
Trips That Spark A Passion For Travel What was your gateway addiction to travel? In talking to those who love to travel, I have found most can trace their passion to a single trip. One eye opening adventure or revelation that ignited their wanderlust.
4 Tips For Traveling To An Athletic Event I enjoy traveling for a fitness or athletic event because it creates an experience you wouldn't ordinarily have in that destination. But, taking a trip for a fitness or athletic event is different in many ways than a regular getaway.
Francophone Destinations Far From Paris (PHOTOS) If you want to immerse yourself in the French culture, France is not your only option.
Luxury Hotels Offer Americans Holiday High Tea The hectic holidays should come with a side of civility.
Why Do Airlines Love A Failing TSA? No one has to work closer with these troubled federal screeners than commercial air carriers, so when it comes to the topic of much-needed improvement, you'd expect airlines to offer Congress an earful.
Lonely Planet's Top 10 U.S. Destinations For 2013 (PHOTOS) These spots are not necessarily new or obscure, but they are all having a renaissance worth witnessing.
The Running Of The Bulls Made Simple (VIDEO) A few years back I packed up everything I owned and headed to Europe for a few months. My plan was to run with the bulls. I'm sure it had something to do with Hemingway.
Hidden Gems From traditional all-male choirs to unique cuisine to a very unusual paper making process, Wales has a lot to offer the curious traveler.
4 Must-See Festivals In Tuscany For travelers looking to make their Tuscan cycling vacation truly unique, we encourage you to step off the beaten track and check out these four famous festivals.
Walt Disney World's New Fantasyland Dragon (VIDEO) There are honestly no questions that have come before this day and no questions that will come after as important as the one created at the opening of the New Fantasyland at Walt Disney World in Central Florida. That question is, \Did you see the dragon?\
Germany's Christmas Markets And How To Celebrate In Bavaria Germany's most famous Christmas Market is often referred to as the \Little Town from Wood and Clot,\ due to the 180 wooden market stalls decorated with red and white fabrics in the picturesque old town.
Huizhou, China Unlike nearby Shenzhen and Hong Kong, Huizhou has a relaxed, almost country feel.
Rome On Every Budget (PHOTOS) Rome is the third most-visited city is Europe, coming in just after Paris and London.
A Proposal Planner Discusses Traveling On The Special Day  (PHOTOS) We recently sat down with Kent, officially called the Fairmont's Special Event, Wedding, and Proposal Planner, to talk everything engagement and wedding-related.
5 Surprising New Year's Eve Travel Destinations It's often said that New Year's Eve is for amateurs. To that end, there are some obvious destinations that any joker could tell you will be \fun\ on New Year's Eve. Steer clear of the obvious.
9 Gifts For Frequent Fliers --Travelzoo Local Deals
Forgoing Christmas With Family For Travel Even for those of you who are living the Norman Rockwell dream, the coveted Christmas-to-New-Year's week is a prime time to travel. Vacationing over the Christmas holidays has its pros and cons.
Scooter Braun, Justin Bieber's Manager, Saved My Trip To Phoenix Scooter made the offer casually, as though he was picking up strangers whose car had broken down on the side of the road. In this case it was a plane that broke down.
Retaking Our Green Wedding Vows At The Hotel Bel-Air In 1984, my wedding including the location, catering, a band and floral arrangements cost $10,000. We treated 125 guests
The Most Beautiful Views In Florence (PHOTOS) We've seen plenty of beautiful sights on our travels, and we've taken in some of the most breathtaking views we've ever seen in Florence, a city characterized by red rooftops, cobblestone streets and distant rolling hills.
How To Rescue Yourself From 10 Sticky Travel Situations Here are the play-by-plays to get through 10 sticky travel situations -- then get unstuck and get on with your vacation.
South Dakota's Buffalo Trample Politics Anyone who longs to get up close and personal to nature (besides the bison, Custer State Park has elk, bighorn sheep, mountain lions, mountain goats and pronghorn) should plan a trip here soon.
Japan's Coolest DJ Makes A Great Tour Guide (VIDEO) While it doesn't have the international reach of Gangnam Style and Korea's pop scene, Japan also boasts a hip underground music and hip-hop culture.
U.S. Luxury Hotels That Take Service To The Next Level (PHOTOS) The time and money for this kind of trip can be tricky to come by, but it's always good to be ready in case the opportunity arises.
5 Reasons To Visit Huatulco, Mexico Looking for a warm winter getaway but not into giant-sized beach resorts? Consider Huatulco, a tourism hotspot on Mexico's Pacific coast where a string of scenic bays serves as the backdrop for lovely hotels, exciting activities and picturesque attractions.
New Fantasyland New Fantasyland is touted as the largest expansion in the 41-year history of the Magic Kingdom, doubling the size of original
Florence, Italy I have been visiting Florence on and off for 30 years, working on assignments, visiting friends and writing portions of a book on Tuscany. Over the years, I've developed a check-list of favorite things to do -- and the best places to do them.
Yellowstone In Winter Lamar Valley is center stage for wildlife viewing and, on any given winter sunday, biologists and fans have spotting scopes set up along the road, which they'll generously share with visitors.
PHOTOS Seville is many things -- it is the city of Carmen (flamenco, bullfights and the original cigar factory), the city of the baroque splendour of Figaro's Wedding, but above all, Seville is the city of tiles.
Cruising Alaska My stateroom was in the bow, near the waterline -- and that means next to the anchor. After rising with our anchor for several mornings, I know exactly how many links are on that 150-foot chain.
Skiing The Alps On A Budget A winter ski getaway in the Austrian Alps seems like a sure way to make a Cheapo's trip budget go downhill fast. Airfare aside, is there any way that budget travelers can afford hotels during ski season, plus lift tickets and equipment rental? You bet.
14 Baffling Tourist Snapshots (PHOTOS) Everyone who travels eventually has a What The?! moment -- we've certainly had our share. But why should we have all the fun?
Adventure Travel Trends To Watch In 2013 In the ancient imperial cities of Marrakech and Fez, you can wander through centuries-old markets as the sellers tout their wares.
Living Like A Maharaja In Majestic Rajasthan While maharajadom in the past tended to be defined by its exclusivity, my ascension to a taste of royalty can, with a bit of planning, be replicated by almost anyone who can manage to get themselves to Rajasthan.
Hell Is Grand Cayman (VIDEO) Hell, it turns out, is a flash in the road near West Bay, named for a swatch of spiky, tortured, black, ironshore that looks like midday in the garden of evil.
Politeness Police To Be Used By French Train System To Deal With Bad Manners Hundreds of new employees (thousands by the Telegraph's account,) dubbed \conflict specialists,\ will be brought in to patrol
Mary Ellen Vernon Loves Boulder Always drawn to the water and the coast, I found myself surprisingly at ease in the tranquility of the mountains and trees.
Charles Dickens' London Home Reopens After Refurbishment \u201cIt is very exciting to see the museum restored to the way it was when Dickens lived there...He lived and breathed the place
The Traveling Doctors Of The Amazon (PHOTOS) Deep in the Amazon jungle, upriver of the town of Iquitos, Peru, a team of visiting and local doctors steam up the Amazon and its tributaries on the riverboat Nenita.
Why Your Body, Mind and Soul Will Love the Central California Coast (PHOTOS) Here are my honest, unbiased, unabashedly enthusiastic recommendations for things that will arouse your senses, win your heart and soothe your soul. And don't worry if you don't have three weeks to spare; just pick, choose, enjoy.
The Most Interesting Hotels In The World (PHOTOS) These properties may be graceful or strange, eccentric or singular, but not one of them is just one thing. Each has a lot to recommend it and a great deal to offer its sometimes confused clientele.
The Holidays In Germany's Christmas City Shop windows display beer steins, wooden nutcrackers and German-made Teddy bears.
The Culmination Of A 12-Year Antarctic Journey The final leg of my race across the great desert of Antarctica ended Friday, and with it, the conclusion of an amazing adventure that has spanned many years.
Travel Blogs To Watch In 2013 At the end of the year, there is a tendency to look backwards. With that in mind, I decided to look forward and highlight some of the best new(er) travel blogs out there that I discovered this year.
Your Travel Questions Answered The TSA has a special section for transgender travelers, which is a good starting point for you.
Themed Hotel Rooms Around The World (PHOTOS) There is the bed. There is the minibar. There is the bathroom. There is the closet. Typical accommodations offer no break from monotony and might even make it worse.
Get An Upgrade On Your Next Flight How do you put yourself in a position to gain that premium seat -- without the additional stress of racing to the airport or knocking down fellow passengers for the sake of an upgrade?
Does This Female-Only Hotel Floor Offend You? What do you think about this? As a woman, the promotion of  a Mexican hotel hawking a special section for females only definitely caught my attention.
The World's Best Places To Make A Splash (PHOTOS) Whether you're into the adrenaline of big wave surfing, sailing into the sunset, discovering inland watering holes or bathing in tropical shallows, these swimming spots have something for you.
New Haven Isn't Just For Yalies Anymore Ask an out-of-towner about the most romantic spot in New Haven, Connecticut at night, and she might reply
Africa Straight Up Anyone who has been to Africa knows that there is no such thing as a single Africa. Africa Straight Up debunks the (in)sensibility that Africa could ever be limited to a single narrative.
The Emily Post Guide to Flying Private If you're lucky enough to be granted entry to the world of private plane travel, think of it as an invitation to your host's home in the sky. A little jetiquette goes far beyond not sticking your gum under the seat.
Albuquerque's Southwest Flavor (PHOTOS) Like Georgia O'Keefe in a pile of bull skulls, we are happy as can be when surrounded by the sandy minimalism of heat-soaked west.
Best Travel Gifts Under $50 (PHOTOS) Charity, like travel, is a gift that keeps on giving.
Getting Down On Grand Cayman (VIDEO) This final soft-blue morning, I catch a fishing boat named Heavenly Hooker and head out to find the scene of the slime.
Why Are The Folks In Hotel Ads So Terrifyingly Happy? (PHOTOS) Hotel websites go a little too far and market their properties by showing \guests\ in such an absolutely euphoric state that they seem to be taking recreational drugs by the handfull.
Rome's Best Music Venues (PHOTOS) Ancient Roman walls enclose the club's two dance floors and a sprawling series of green gardens and gazebos. There is also a swimming pool because why noy.
American Military History Is On Display In Belgium if asked about the bloodiest fighting in American history, few would likely point to a tiny Belgian hamlet called Bastogne, just across the border from Luxembourg.
Munich Airport's Christmas Market When sampling the mulled wine, try the Bavarian gluhwein or Swedish glogg.
Taking A Walk Around The World (VIDEO) The world is walkable.
One Way Trip My first airplane ride was when I was nine-years-old. My mom brought the three of us kids special travel outfits, and while I don't recall specifics, I do remember shiny white patent leather shoes. The stewardesses were exotic, the food was delicious, and the whole experience was glamorous. We visited the cockpit, and wore our tin pilot wings proudly back to our seats.
Airplane Landings But, a short film by photography and film professor Cy Kuckenbaker shot on November 23 is now high on our list of favorites
Expat Recovery Room Rick Steves gives me hope, because as a working travel writer I'm beginning to wonder whether a \sexy\ stamp is required in my passport to get to the top. Does my body need to be as cut as Norwegian fjords or can it remain globular?
Alaska's Breaching Whales (VIDEO) The ocean isn't a bad place to sleep and it is almost always a wonderful place to wake up.
Aldwych Tube Station Below London, there sits a network of 18 \ghost stations\ of the city's Underground that are closed for various reasons, ranging
Heathrow Hires Secret Santas To Hand Out Luxury Gifts To Passengers Heathrow Airport is taking Christmas to the extreme this year, surprising 24 randomly-chosen passengers with luxury gifts
Trampoline Road If you want to get your bounce on this side of the pond, head to Montreal, where the Ecole National De Cirque, the TOHU Cite
Unusual Places To Stay In 2013 (PHOTOS) A tepee in the middle of Wyoming, a bunk on the HMS Rose or a tent in the Okavango Delta.
11 Cheap Sleeps In Manhattan Searching for a cheap and clean place to sleep in New York can be a panic-inducing experience. This is especially true around the holidays, when rooms at many big-name hotels go for $300 and up a night.
America's Most And Least Attractive Locals (PHOTOS) Las Vegas really let itself go.
Hidden Gems Wales may be known for its serene pastoral landscapes, but there's nothing peaceful about adventure travel in this country.
10 Family Adventures In Latin America (PHOTOS) Help herd sheep with the gauchos on the Patagonian steppe or learn how to heal yourself with Amazonian plants as instructed by rainforest tribe leaders.
Holiday Travel Ready for a holiday season full of airport stress? We didn't think so. But, fear not! We here at HuffPost Travel have pulled
The Bitter End Yacht Club Offers An Old-School Caribbean Stay The assumption here is that travelers know how to handle both the a schooner and their rum.
Adoba Eco Hotel Goes Sustainable In The Black Hills What do you get when you combine wild child designer Antonio Ballatore with Mount Rushmore, an old Radisson Hotel and a couple long-time hoteliers who want to reduce the footprint of the hospitality industry?
Attractions Off The 405 Freeway In LA (PHOTOS) The 405 can be as monstrous as any CGI creature. As one of America's busiest roads, it offers drivers a steady diet of bumper
Destinations Where Architecture Meets Geology (PHOTOS) From a modern hotel in an ancient land to a centuries-old monastery, these attractions show what happens when ingenious peoples are stuck between a rock and a hard place.
Denmark's Rules Go Too Far Living in Denmark was like living in an alternate reality. If you are single and turn 25, you will be covered from head to toe in cinnamon by your friends during the celebration.
Hawaiian Island Hopping For Beginners Of all the hikes on Kauai, the 11-mile Kalalau Trail is undoubtedly the most popular -- so much so that advance reservations are always required.
Historic Hotel Bars Around the World Strip away the concierge, heated pool and freshly made beds. Lose the velvety bathrobe that \mysteriously\ ends up in your luggage. In fact, pare the hotel down to one element
10 Ways To Speed Through Airport Security Since shoes must be kicked off during screening at U.S. airports, remember to wear easily removable ones if possible.
Avoiding Stress And Taxes In The Cayman Islands (VIDEO) Though not a deep cave, Peter's has its share of fairy tale beauty and spelean riches. The flowstones look like melting cake icing; the cave coral like popcorn; the draperies like strips of bacon.
And We're Halfway Across Antarctica's Last Desert! After three days of being tossed around on the ship, struggling to hold onto my bed while sleeping and avoiding the furniture that was literally flying across the cabin at one point, we have arrived in Antarctica.
My Stylish Amazing Race Packing List I'm a fan of the CBS show and followed multiple seasons, including the current one that's nearing the finish line. For one month, their only personal belongings are what they can fit in a backpack, and racers do not get packing lists.
In Thailand, A Woman's Quest To Save The Asian Elephant (VIDEO) Lek Chailert fell in love with Thai elephants at five years old.
Christmas Markets In the same week that Angus T. Jones spewed hate at his own television show, \Two and a Half Men,\ Hostess execs asked for
He Carries On, She Likes to Check She likes the window seat; he likes the aisle. She wants the shade pulled down; he likes the shade up. She checks a bag; he
Great Alternatives To Common Tourist Traps Name recognition is the only thing you'll sacrifice if you swap out the usual tourist attractions for these lesser-known spots.
The TSA As We Know It Is Dead If you don't believe the TSA is doomed after watching Thursday's House Aviation Subcommittee hearing, then you'll have to at least agree that the agency as we know it can't continue to exist as it does.
How to Navigate Airline Delays This Holiday Season In the airline industry, when a flight is delayed it usually means that something is wrong, somewhere. Generally, you're delayed because the airline cannot get you to your destination safely at the present moment, but is trying to work through the issue.
Hotels Fit For The End Of The World (PHOTOS) Here's a selection of top hotels in which to spend your last nights in style -- by basking on the beautiful beaches of Bora Bora, living out your romantic fairytale getaway in Paris or gambling it all away in Sin City.
6 Ways To Save On Holiday Travel According to Bason, taking off from Tuesday to Tuesday is your best bet.
Best Lunch Ever One bite into our heaping bowls of spaghetti with zucchini, the house special, my father let out a low moan of joy. He moaned
Israel Tourism Persists Despite Gaza Violence HG
The Best Beaches In Australia With more than 10,000 beaches around its shores, Australia leads the way when it comes to incredible sand and surf. Some
The Magic Of The Cayman Islands (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Over the years I've caressed many of the Caribbean gems, but never a set like the Cayman Islands.
Breathtakingly Beautiful Art School Campuses To Visit There are certain creative undertakings in which form should never be too far removed from content. Art school campuses fall
Concorde Crash The appeals court ruling, over a decade after the accident that helped to spell the end of the supersonic airliner, found
'Supremes' Tourism In Philadelphia At a time when Blacks were relegated to the back of the bus and separate water fountains, a troupe of glamorous and talented African American women on tour made world headlines.
Airlines Scrooge Their Customers With Bag Fees During a slow economic recovery, the flying public is being financially damaged by the airlines' refusal to post the hidden ancillary fees.
The 15 Best Hotels In the World, According To Gogobot (PHOTOS) Everyone has an opinion as to what the best hotel is. At the beginning of the year, TripAdvisor readers bestowed upon us
Kathmandu Chronicles, Part 2 A journey is not always what you make of it. Often, it's what they make of it -- the people you meet along the way, the lives you fall into, change or in many cases, interrupt.
Budget-Friendly Bars for Barcelona Backpackers Barcelona has it all
Shanghai Is For Bikers When the ferry docked, I joined the throng of aggressive riders jockeying to get off the boat and back on land.
Cyprus Reveals Itself To Those Who Walk (PHOTOS) Earlier this year I travelled to a place better known for sea, sand and unrest than for hiking.
Japan Airlines Serves KFC On Flights Japan Airlines has announced plans to serve KFC (yes, Kentucky Fried Chicken) on its flights from Tokyo's Narita Airport
Rome Colosseum Gets Protective Barrier To Keep Tourists Safe Rome has been taking steps -- however controversial -- to maintain the integrity of the city. In September, authorities announced
The Sound Of Music Returns To Salzburg One of the world's best-loved musicals has been staged -- for the very first time -- in Salzburg, Austria. Andreas Gergen, the show's Musical Director has successfully brought to life a living piece of history.  Why has it taken so long to come home?
How To Pick The Perfect Family Vacation (INFOGRAPHIC) Stop pulling your hair out trying to pick your next family vacation. Every family is different, so before you start planning your next trip, we wanted to start you off on the right foot.
Vintage Travel Posters Encourage You To Find Mythic Beasts (PHOTOS) Los Angeles-based graphic artist Fernando Reza has created a series of \vintage\ travel posters using mythic beasts to highlight
Coach Fisher Loves Tallahassee Eighty thousand people cheer as Chief Osceola throws his spear into the center of a beautiful new brick stadium.
7 Ways To Prevent Lost Luggage Luggage tags can easily be torn off in the rough-and-tumble handling process, but a copy of your itinerary, placed on top of your belongings inside your bag, will almost certainly stay put.
The World's Greatest Travel Poetry Poetry. Poetry and travel. Do they go together? Are they secret lovers -- or at least good pals?
Hidden Gems When it comes to Wisconsin, there's more to the experience than cheese and those Cheesehead hats.
The Palms Casino Renovates Without The Sawdust Because The Palms is dedicated to staying relevant, it is undergoing a multi-million dollar renovation.
In Singapore, A Lively Food Culture, A Dying Heritage The catch 22 of the Singapore food scene is that there is no culture of institutional continuity in this lucrative and well-loved food industry.
Machu Picchu Keeps The Spirit Of The Incas Alive I just returned from my first trip to Peru. I was most taken by how much the people and the culture are still influenced by the spirit of the Incas, and how relevant the messages of that heritage are for us today.
Ski Dubai Seen In Gorgeous New Travel Video (VIDEO) A beautiful new video offers an in-depth look at what is usually considered an diversion not one of Dubai's central attractions
Emirates Wants Triple Decker, 800-Person Jets (POLL) I think there is no doubt about it, there will be more demand for higher-capacity aircraft, purely driven by the capacity
The Ebb And Flow Of A Life In Venice (PHOTOS) If you wander down the right back alley, you can still find the surviving remnants of a functioning Italian city -- a playground, a tailor, a basketball court, an upholsterer, a yoga class, a pet shop, a funeral parlor.
5 Great Winter Honeymoon Destinations (PHOTOS) For those envisioning a more distinctive and perhaps more memorable post-wedding getaway, here is a list of accommodations to suit your against-the-grain needs.
Disney World Trivia With Cars Land having opened in Disneyland, and New Fantasyland on deck for Walt Disney World in December, Disney parks have
Life Vest vs. Seat Cushion Amid the chaos and devastation, I have the where-with-all to grab just one flotation device. Which one should I reach for?
A Very Canadian Food Festival At Whistler Why would you drive the two winding hours along the spectacular sea to sky highway from Vancouver than to hit the awesome slopes and trails of Canada's premier outdoor mountain playground?
Celebrating Winter New Orleans Style Play all day then retreat to a quiet Garden District inn such as Southern Comfort Bed and Breakfast. From Marigny Manor House
Voluntourism In Laos And Saying Thank You With Flowers After the prayers, rice was thrown all around and the white strings decorating the marigold centerpiece were taken by the villagers and put on my wrists.
The 5 Unexpected Pitfalls Of International Travel While it's logical to plan for a trip, travelers often become so entranced in the moment that they don't always anticipate the after-effects of travel. Like most things in life, there are pros and cons to traveling as well.
Graham Hughes, British Adventurer, Becomes First Man To Travel To Every Country Without Flying (PHOTOS) Correction
Vilma Soltesz, 425-Pound Woman, Allegedly Deemed Too Fat To Fly Before Dying Abroad Director Kevin Smith famously went on a Twitter rant after being kicked off a Southwest Airlines flight for being too fat
Costa Rica's Medical Tourism Boom Costa Rica competes for medical tourists with the likes of India, Brazil, Panama and Mexico, and its proximity to the United
Holiday Travel There's more to celebrating Christmas than caroling and trimming a tree. How about going on a pub crawl, racing down the
Secrets Of A Hotel Tea Master Tea experts, also known as tea masters or sommeliers, are growing in demand at luxury hotels around the globe. Brewing a perfect cuppa isn't as simple as Lipton would have you believe, and that's where experts such as Robert Rex-Waller step in.
A Los Angeles Itinerary For Kids And Immature Adults Think of a little girl dressing up in her mom's high heels, make-up and sunglasses, and you'll have an approximation of the essence of Los Angeles.
It's The Beginning Of The End For The TSA's Full-Body Scanners Opt-Out Week wasn't the end of the protest. It is the beginning.
11 Adventurous Activities In South America (PHOTOS) Whether you're looking to dive with sharks, bike precarious paths overlooking steep cliffs, venture deep into the world's largest jungle or trek for days on end through unworldly terrain, this continent has you covered.
Zimbabwe's Natural History Lessons (PHOTOS) \You take the head, tie the jaw shut -- stuff tomatoes and chilies in its cavity, boil it and when the tomatoes ooze out the eyes, it's ready to eat!\
Oscar Niemeyer's Brazil Lets Travelers Go Back To The Future An architour of Oscar Niemeyer's Brazil is like a trip to Disneyland for aesthetes.
Asia's Intrigue, Adventure And Great Food (PHOTOS) Who hasn't fantasized about the Orient-Express? I want to ditch the hoodie, my overbearing dachshund and job for some adventure on the rails.
Secrets Of A Hotel Pet Psychic (PHOTOS) For Affinia hotels, a pet psychic service may be a shtick to prove its pet-friendliness, bBut our interview showed us that those who believe in Dr. Ferguson's abilities seem to get real insight and comfort from her pet communications.
10 Astonishing Cliffside Attractions (PHOTOS) Time to take out the hiking boots.
Cage Diving With Guadalupe's Great White Sharks (VIDEO) It's at depth\u00a0that\u00a0you\u00a0get\u00a0a real sense of their size.
Where Paris Parties Paris gets down. Everything from Brazilian funk, jazz, hip-hop and R&B can be grooved to, along with your more traditional Edith Piaf. If you'll be headed to Paris for the holidays, try hitting up some of these spots.
Picky Eaters We thought the best way to tackle the obstacle of traveling with a picky eater was to turn to the help of the HuffPost community
Chinese Parks Are For Dancing (VIDEO) Weather permitting, these get-togethers take place just about every evening and generally fall into one of two categories
Canyon Ranch Hotel and Spa in Miami Beach (VIDEO) 
The Slow Life On Washington State's Lopez Island Whales were breaching off the coast and the eagles soared above us.
Carnival Time In Rio Is Fantasy Time For Travelers Gearing up for my first night of Carnival, I spent an inordinate amount of time choosing my dress for the famed Copacabana Palace Ball.
Ski Pants Too Tight? Simple Steps to Get in Shape for Ski Season Every year I listen to my friends whine and moan about the first few ski outings. Some of them ease their pain with an elaborate routine involving copious amounts of Advil, multiple massages, and even more copious amounts of whiskey.
Home Swap Vacation Tips We all want a vacation, but many people think they can't afford it. You can afford it! And I'm going to tell you how.
Learning To Stop Work On Vacation I always work on vacation. Owning three publications means that you are always on call. Except this time, I can't. I can't turn on the computer. I am in heaven, and there is no reception here on my cell phone.
Visit These Real-Life Holiday Movie Locations (PHOTOS) There's something magical about the holiday season to begin with... but add in a dash of movie magic at these real-life film locations, and, well, you're just in yuletide heaven.
New NYC Restaurants To Try Now They say a restaurant opens in New York City every 11 seconds. Just kidding, it is more like one per week.
Road Trips Interstate 95 winds all the way up the Eastern Seaboard from Miami, but there are few places along its path where traffic
Complete Black Friday And Cyber Monday Deals Guide A new survey says that most Americans will have 9.2 paid vacation days leftover at the end of 2012. Don't be a statistic! Plan ahead and book your next vacation on Black Friday or Cyber Monday -- when travel deals abound.
A Celebrity-Approved Holiday Escape in Cabo san Lucas (VIDEO) 
Airplane Food This isn't entirely new news, though. Back in 2010, an FDA report showed many facilities storing food at improper temperatures
Mitt Romney Disneyland Two weeks after former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney lost the presidential election to Barack Obama, the politician
Coach Muschamp Loves Gainesville I was born in Georgia and I've spent a lot of time living and coaching in Texas, Kentucky, Louisiana and Alabama. But my formative years, from elementary school to junior high school, were right here.
What Not To Buy At The Airport Fair pricing is a rare thing in airports. A captive audience of consumers coupled with high operating costs at stores' airport locations make for manifold markups, from expensive cuisine to pricey parking.
6 Spas For Pre-Holiday De-Stressing (PHOTOS) Check out a few of our favorite stateside spas for holiday de-stressing -- and then buckle-up for your in-laws' visit!
Hidden Gems When people think of Native American buildings, they might think teepees or other temporary structures, but in Wisconsin native structures were always more sophisticated and designed to last.
Vibrancy in an Unknown Place Of those surveyed initially who did find an attraction to our Greater Des Moines community, the words vibe and artful energy, kept appearing.
Bargain Boozing In Rome Rome is a city of contradictions. Home to the Vatican, it's also the place where supermodels, seedy politicians and fashionistas come out to play. So it shouldn't come as a surprise that Rome boasts some of the hottest, most exclusive bars and clubs around
8 Airports To Avoid This Holiday Season To avoid throngs of fellow passengers, consider swapping your SFO ticket for a seat on a plane leaving from Sacramento International.
Little Slices Of Heaven Chefs from around the globe have made this rainy corner of the world their home and created a unique restaurant scene that, despite local fare's boring reputation, rivals those in other bustling metropolises.
60 Seconds To Stress-Less Holiday Travel The holidays are stressful enough for many of us, but tack on travel and it amps it up that much more. One of the things that can help us shift out of our stress and anxiety is to become present, get outside of our heads and widen our perspective.
Travel And The Israel-Palestine Conflict To be sure, I have almost always erred on the side of \be aware, but go anyway\ when it comes to visiting countries embroiled in political or economic turmoil. But is that the case this time around?
10 Cities With Holiday Light Shows Across the land, city workers are hustling -- decorating for thousands of expected visitors for whom the magic of the season is reflected in the glow of millions of lights.
The Best Cruises For Animal Lovers One of the best ways to get up close and personal with exotic and wild animals in their natural habitat is by boat.
5 Reasons To Visit Rio de Janeiro Right Now By most counts, Rio de Janeiro was one of the first jet-set vacation destinations, even before jets were flying. Now, Rio is cooking up even more reasons to visit, thanks to two major global sporting events and several new museums in the works.
Why London Is the World's Most Stimulating City I currently live in Los Angeles, by way of New York City
Travelocity's Top 10 Thanksgiving Travel Tips It's the\u00a0busiest time of the year, and we're all trying our very best to get home for turkey dinner without too much stress and strain. Whether you're trying to smuggle a frozen turkey in your purse or find a cheap last minute deal, Travelocity's Turkey Task Force is here to guide you with our Top 10 Thanksgiving Travel Tips
5 Hotel Gift Shops Perfect For Holiday Shopping (PHOTOS) Plan to do your holiday shopping from a hotel gift shop? Only if your friends are really into shot glasses, horribly tacky t-shirts and tiny packets of Advil. Or, unless you plan to be at some of the best hotels in the world (as seen below), whose shops double as well-curated boutiques.
An Early Christmas Present For a savvy traveler, the weeks between Thanksgiving and Christmas represent the best time of the year to travel -- both domestic and international -- as airlines, hotels and cruise lines scramble to attract customers in this dead period between the holidays. Many of the deals offer the best pricing we see all year.
Chicken or Beef? Airline food can represent a uniquely perverse pleasure for the gourmet. Karen Krizanovich considers some of her favourite mile high meals.
Bugarach, French Hamlet, Attracts Believers As Mayan Apocalypse Looms (PHOTOS) \This is the 183rd end-of-the-world prophecy since antiquity,\ Bugarach Mayor Pierre Delord told The Guardian. \I can't take
Todd Carmichael, Host Of Travel Channels 'Dangerous Grounds,' Survives Near Death Experience In Colombia (PHOTOS) The host then proceeded to send the least reassuring reassuring text of all time to his wife, Lauren Hart. The message read
Which Airlines Have The Most Leg Room? United has installed Economy Plus seating on all pre-merger mainline planes and expects the installation on former Continental planes to be completed by the end of 2012. The seat pitch is 34 to 35 inches, compared with the regular pitch of 31 to 32 inches.
A Different Kind Of Buenos Aires Vacation The original plan was a carpe diem, we're-young-so-why-shouldn't-we kind of trip. We'd each bring a single friend, we said, and if it turned out to be a familial blind date, all the better. But then neither of us could find a friend, which meant that during our five days in Argentina, Stephanie and I became versed in the various ways one can say in Spanish, \No, actually, we're cousins.\
Delta's Pre-Flight Safety Videos Become Unpredictable (VIDEO) Delta is getting in on the act with a series of new videos that, according to Fast Company, will \change over time in little
Family Travel Assuming airlines don\u2019t start allowing passengers to tuck children into the above-seat bins anytime soon, you\u2019re going to
Eat Well India Due to religious practices, many Indians eat little or no meat. As a result, they are pretty crafty with plant-based proteins.
Turkey Season Travel Deals Are All Stuffing And No Meat Research online but don't book online. Better ships and cabin categories may be available.
How I Met Living Cousins In Ireland My last name is Irish and I've long been curious about my roots, particularly my Irish heritage, as I never knew my paternal grandfather. When my Dad found a great deal on a trip for one to Ireland, I felt it was tailor-made for me.
How To Get To The End Of The World (PHOTOS) It reminded me of some kind of Hollywood movie set for an old western film that used to run on TV in the middle of the night.  It was like no place I'd ever been; it didn't feel real.
Five Reasons To Think Twice Before Visiting Myanmar The recent influx of visitors has allowed hotel and tour operators to charge a premium for mediocre products and services, meaning travelers won't get much for all the crisp, unfolded U.S. dollars they're required to spend.
Giving Thanks During The Travel Season Long lines, crowded planes and tired families can add up to a travel headache, and the holiday spirit is often the first to go when faced with delays and travel snafus. Although travel can be stressful, there are so many wonderful conveniences, technologies and thoughtful travelers that can make any trip, even one during the busiest travel season, smooth and easy.
Premier Inn Hotel Chain Installs Noise Meters To Target Loud Guests Airlines have tried to minimize the noise on planes with child-free flights, now a UK hotel is trying to minimize noise by
Winter Travel Survival Tips More runways means more likelihood of on-time operations. In the New York City area, for example, JFK is more likely to be close to on-time than LaGuardia or Newark.
How To Earn Elite Status In One Flight Both American and US Air offer status challenges for their higher elite levels, though they're more expensive and likely require multiple flights.
No One In My Tree Whatever his frame of mind, it is here where an unwinding Lennon played a nylon stringed Spanish guitar to a tape machine, and \Strawberry Fields Forever\ began to take form.
12 Hotel Fitness Centers With Killer Views (PHOTOS) Some hotels go above and beyond to provide an appealing space for travelers to work out, with large windows overlooking the city, the mountains, even the beach!
Ask Oyster We look to answer the question
Coolest Travel Gadgets For The Holiday Season Safe Skies TSA Luggage Strap, $20.95 The Powerbag Instant Messenger is the perfect solution for charging your electronics
Top 6 Holiday Travel Destinations For Families Celebrate the season in one of these six holiday travel destinations guaranteed to get your family in the ho-ho-holiday spirit.
Travel Gift Guide If it's any old travel gift you want, turn to the inimitable Skymall, that wondrous purveyor of the quasi-useful, the often
Best Kid-Friendly Hotel Features In Orlando (PHOTOS) Come explore the best kid-friendly hotel features in Orlando.
Friday Night Lights Though you may likely want to shake your head at Eataly's bombastic presence in a city where traditional markets pepper every neighborhood, you are forgetting one thing
Lightning Strike At Brisbane Airport Appears To Hit Plane (PHOTO) More than 22,000 lightning strikes hit the southeastern part of the state between 7 p.m. and 11 p.m., local time Nov. 17
The Best Hotels In Beijing Can't decide whether you'd prefer old world or new world quarters? Don't get your chopsticks in too much of a tangle. This being China, the best Beijing hotels provide a yin and yang of amenities.
Where Zurich Locals Hang Out On Cold Autumn Days What do locals in Zurich recommend during the autumn season? Well, Zurich locals love their saunas. And this is not bound to a type of weather, but something to enjoy year-round!
St. Regis All in all, the St Regis is a lovely horizontal ivory tower isolated on the tip of Princeville. I leave Kauai\u00a0always\u00a0wanting more.
Abraham Lincoln Unless otherwise noted, photos are courtesy of the Illinois Office of Tourism. Herewith, a tour of all things Lincoln in
5 Last Minute Thanksgiving Getaways Feeling spontaneous? Want to avoid the in-laws? Just need to get away? Poshbrood has rounded up 5 last-minute Thanksgiving getaways.
10 Breathtaking Stained-Glass Ceilings Around The World (PHOTOS) 
Splurge Vs. Save Rent a car and the island is your oyster.
It's Beginning To Look A Lot Like Christmas From Scotland to Chicago, German-style Christmas markets are offering a jolly dose of holiday cheer to people around the globe.
100% Middleearth, 100% Pure New Zealand Tourism New Zealand recently launched a new look for destination New Zealand, with the 100% Middle-earth, 100% Pure New Zealand campaign, invoking the energy of Middle-earth.
5 Reasons I'm Opting Out Of The TSA's Scanners (And You Should Too) This Thanksgiving, I'm telling the TSA agents who screen me that\u00a0I won't walk through their full-body scanners. And I'm not alone.
The Military History Of Florida's Resorts St. Augustine's Ponce de Leon Hotel, another Flagler creation completed in 1888, was once a Coast Guard training center.
Palacio De Sal, Salar De Uyuni Hotel, Built Entirely Of Salt (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Just when you thought you'd seen every type of hotel, there comes a surprise. The roughly 48,000 square-foot hotel has 16
Air Travel Then Vs. Air Travel Now It wasn't that long ago that travelers could reserve a specific seat on an aircraft at no extra charge. Today, airlines have made it increasingly difficult to even reserve a seat together with your travel companion until you check-in on the day of the flight.
The Faces Of Cuetzalan, Mexico's Older Women Are A Landscape (PHOTOS) About half of the hawkers were these older women, but in a way, they were part of the landscape, not paid much mind by anyone walking near them.
Joshua Tree Joshua Tree is a remarkable, seemingly hidden gem. It is a spiritually powerful place that draws people in. Being there is good for the soul, it clears my head and calms my heart. It brings me peace as it reignites my creative spirit.
5 Day Trips From Rome As chaotic as Rome can be, it's easy to forget that the seashore is only a handful of miles away.
10 Germy Places To Avoid While Traveling Hotel housekeepers may bleach the bathroom and dust the nightstand, but they rarely clean the TV remote.
Finding An Affordable Safari You can get the experience you have seen on National Geographic, but it will cost you.
Amman, Jordan I never imagined that I would be sending food dispatches from the city of seven hills, this quiet town of sand-colored buildings and salty seas. But that, my friends, is what we food-treasure hunters, gatherers of gourmet gems, call a challenge.
Can You Travel Too Much? I travel for months at a time because, quite frankly, I can't financially reconcile dropping $1,000+ on a plane ticket for a trip that lasts only a week or two.
Most Vacation-Deprived Countries Named By Expedia (PHOTOS) According to Expedia's 2012 Vacation Deprivation survey, Asian workers continue to take the fewest vacation days annually
The Ideal Air Passenger, According To Skyscanner In a survey of more than 700 international cabin crew members from 85 countries, travel search site Skyscanner determined
Hotels That Are Also Attractions (PHOTOS) Whether these hotels have created culinary staples, witnessed historical change or inspired the world's greatest minds, they all have one thing in common -- they have irreversibly changed the way the world perceives the limits of hospitality.
A Road Trip Through New Legislation (PHOTOS) America has spoken!
A Checklist For A Winter Visit To The Hamptons It may be too cold for a dive, but the smells of the ocean will still clear your mind.
Cedar Point's New GateKeeper Ride To Open In 2013 Season (VIDEO) \The construction of GateKeeper meant several old attractions had to go,\ according to the industry-watching site Coaster
12 Awesome Hotel Amenities Kids Will Love Do you have a favorite kids' hotel amenity? Leave it in the comments below! Here at HuffPost Travel, naturally, we've spent
The Golden Temple At Amritsar, A Shoe-Free Shrine (PHOTOS) A Sikh friend had asked me to note the \peaceful atmosphere\ at the temple. Between photo opportunities, chats about cricket and the chanting marching out of the loudspeaker system, I was enjoying the temple, this wasn't easy advice to follow.
Responsible Tourism Day Despite what many people believe, for every large-group bus tour there is a small-group walking tour. In all cases, the alternatives are often cheaper and more immersive.
The Listening Untapped New York is teaming up with the Vanderbilt Republic to put together a pop-up party to raise money for the Far Rockaway Redevelopment Fund.
Afghanistan's Streets And Traveling Through Conflict Afghanistan is not a country that you can always travel freely. It is a conflict zone with security risks. There are checkpoints and military with AK 47s. There are suicide bombings. There is poverty.
Mozambique's Forgotten Island (PHOTOS) The night we arrived the waves were crashing onto the street and the next morning that same shoreline stretched out to sea for a kilometer, revealing incredible tide pools. Neon coral, clown fish, eels, starfish and sea urchins showedthemselves in just a few inches of water.
Our Girl In Havana As a travel writer specializing in Cuba, I often get asked about the best things to see and do. Here's my ideal two-week itinerary.
10 Year-End Travel Deals Worth Considering The weekend after Thanksgiving marks the beginning of one of the best times for travel bargains.
How To Fly Through Airport Security Careful preparation and a tactful approach can help you breeze right on through. Here are a few tricks to help you whiz through the checkpoint and carry on your way.
Thoughtful Travel And Mixing Politics With Business Mom-and-pops rather than chain hotels and restaurants and pubs. Hands-on experiences rather than sitting in an auditorium with lots of tourists to see clich\u00e9s on stage.
Elad Yifrach Loves San Francisco My mother was at the wheel of our rental car as we rounded the Marin headlands. The top was down and anticipation was high as the Golden Gate reared into view.
Kashmir's Peaceful Autumn (PHOTOS) Though its reputation as one of the world's most beautiful places has hardly diminished, Kashmir has spent much of the last
Old Mazatlan Gives Way To Old Mazatlan An army is invading Mazatlan. Its troopers are architects, painters, carpenters, plumbers and electricians. Their mission
New York Hotels With Views Of The Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade (PHOTOS) The famous Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade is a sight worth seeing.
7 Celebs & Travel Experts Dish on Their Go-To Travel Item Poshbrood caught up with some travel experts, road warriors and celebs to find out their must-have travel items to help make their travels more enjoyable.
Born To Explore The bear put his snout 6-inches from Leonard's face and gave a roar so loud that it made the ground vibrate. Paralyzed by the moment, gun in hand, Leonard could do nothing but submit to his fate.
World's Ugliest Buildings (PHOTOS) To compile our list of the world's ugliest structures, we consulted with architects and design experts as well as the general public. Pretty much everybody had something to say.
The Benefits Of Seeing Europe By Car (VIDEO) In the small and even medium sized cities it is much easier to simply park the car and walk to all of the sights, and when it comes to wading into the insanity of major metropolitan traffic, we have learned to stay on the outskirts of town and use public transit to explore the big cities.
Pint-Sized Portland Portland is my family's city-away-from-the-city, and we make the five hour drive from Vancouver often. It's extremely kid-friendly -- even at the brewpub!
America's Best Thanksgiving Day Parades Unlike the other parades on this list, Plymouth's patriotic celebration takes place the weekend before Thanksgiving.
Pampering Made Perfect At The Point The Point Resort is the last of the Great Camps of the Adirondacks considered by many to be the premiere resort in the country and Conde Nast Traveler's highest-rated property.
The Women Of Morocco And A Handmade Treat One thing I really like about travel is the way I can vote with my pocket book, supporting quality products and community enterprise in a real, tangible and, okay, edible way.
Destination Daydream \Chang puak kird ni pa,\ say the friendly Thai locals. In English the phrase's literal translation employs the evocative imagery of baby white elephants to signify that the best things in life are difficult to find.
Holiday Travel As we've seen with Hurricane Sandy, some things are out of our control. Most travel stress, however, comes from much smaller issues, and a little planning and preparation can go a long way in making the holiday travel experience much less stressful.
Family Skiing Mad River has plenty of green and blue runs, as well as a dedicated area for beginners called Birdland.
Ask Airfarewatchdog.com Trying to solve that age-old question
7 Movies Not To Watch Before Flying (VIDEOS) With Denzel Washington's new movie Flight in theaters, we've been thinking about scary airplane movies and crash scenes.
India Lights Up For Diwali (PHOTOS) Known in India as the \Festival of Lights,\ the Hindu holiday Diwali is a cause for celebrations on a scale that should make
10 Destinations On The Rise, According To TripAdvisor (PHOTOS) In a press release announcing the list, Barbara Messing, TripAdvisor CMO, said
Shenzhen, China Although virtually everyone in America owns or wears products that came from Shenzhen, few have a real conception of the city.
Preserving Traditional Craft And Social Responsibility All In One Brand Many companies and start-ups are re-evaluating their business models in hopes to make a more lasting impact on the global economy by focusing their efforts to become more sustainable. Shifting to a supply chain sustainable strategy must come from the top down.
Doing It For The Miles... Last year it was Thanksgiving in Shanghai, a ceviche crawl in Lima and lunch in Miami. Still, I need 100,000 flown miles to get the executive platinum status I've craved for years.
Five Ways To Stay In Cancun (PHOTOS) We've found just the spot to stay for almost every kind of traveler, so whether you plan on bringing the kids along or hope to have a romantic getaway, Oyster has a hotel for you.
Exploring The Unknown Caribbean (PHOTOS) By Caribbean standards, the shores of St. Eustatius -- called Statia by locals -- are rather forbidding. Steep cliffs rise
Vermont Facts And Trivia For Winter Travelers Vermont's versatile virtues and vigorous values are as vast and vital as the valleys. Visionaries, virtuosos, valors and viticulturists voluntarily abide here without vociferous vituperation.
Hidden Gems From protein-rich wild rice harvested in Wisconsin's lakes and rivers to grass-fed buffalo that provide the tribes with a lean alternative to beef, there are plenty of healthy and organic foods on Native American lands.
The 8 Most Expensive Spa Treatments Whether they're offering oils of gold, creams of caviar or bathtubs of wine, these hotel spas aren't shy about offering their guests the royal treatment -- and charging them royally, too.
Bidding On Burgundy At The Hospice De Beaune Burgundy is the birthplace of not just delicious wine and Beef Bourguignon but the grand-pere of all charity wine auctions, The Hospice de Beaune.
Do You Need A Suncation? After the torment of Hurricane Sandy and the latest Nor'easter slammed the East Coast, many of us will soon be ready for a suncation. But what exactly is that?
8 Reasons To Visit Monaco Right Now (PHOTOS) While the principality is always on the radar of billionaires, oligarchs, sports and film stars -- especially in Monte Carlo -- you don't need a mega-yacht to enter.
Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, A Town For Steelers These behemoth blast furnaces -- five stretch a quarter mile and belch cobalt-blue flames -- were emblems of this working class town.
Venice Flooded \I saw at least six bridges destroyed in the hills, floods, landslides, vineyards and olive groves swept away. If there hasn't
Celebrity-Approved Suites For Luxury Seekers (PHOTOS) Discover stars' not-too-shabby digs!
Disney World's Fantasyland Gets Park's Largest Expansion Ever (PHOTOS) Move over, Butterbeer
7 Travel Apps For Thanksgiving And Holiday Travel MyCityWay If you're headed to New York City for the Macy's Thanksgiving Parade, this exclusive app is a must-have. An exclusive
Should Republicans Blame The TSA For Their Loss? (VIDEO) When Susan Verbeeck attended a rally for Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney with her two daughters and a friend at the Virginia State Fairgrounds in Doswell, Va., earlier this month, she didn't expect to be greeted by TSA agents.
What People Do At The Eiffel Tower (VIDEO) Filled with awe, excitement and an extra spring in their step, on any given day you will find the square at Trocad\u00e9ro flooded with hundreds of smiling citizens of the world, people who have traveled thousands of miles just to see this famous structure, to stand in front of it alone, with their family, their friends, their enemies or their fianc\u00e9s, with the common goal of \capturing\ this oh-so-precious moment.
The Travel Lessons Your Mother Never Taught Kick back, relax, and leave your boring office persona at home, but remember that everyone in your network will see photos you post from your camera phone.
Best Clubs in Paris There are millions of things to do in Paris. The bars might close at 2 a.m., but a diverse club scene keeps Paris alive and kicking long into the night.
A Chef's Road Trip After a huge culinary bash in New Orleans, I head back to Charleston -- with some stops for great meals along the way, of course.
West Coast Inns Welcome Business Travelers Traveling for business can seem like a revolving door between one room and the next. When you work away from home on the West Coast, stay at an inn with the personal comforts and business amenities you need to succeed.
Best LA Hotel Cocktails From The City's Top Hotel Bars (PHOTOS) The hotel bar scene in LA is truly a fixture on the city's nightlife scene, whether it's for pre-dinner drinks or nightcaps. But some spots go above and beyond with their cocktail menus, inviting Angelenos and visitors to sit back and stay awhile.
World's Eeriest Abandoned Places (PHOTOS) Whether you're visiting sanctioned abandoned places or exploring more off-the-beaten-path terrain, here are some of the world's most creepy destinations.
3 Unique Winter Experiences In The Italian Dolomites Italy's Dolomite Mountains are well known for their world-class adventure activities, from skiing and snowboarding in the winter to hiking and mountain biking in the summer. But for those interested in other styles of adventure, winter in the Dolomites offers an array of unique activities.
A Tour And A Taste Of Napa (PHOTOS) Thousands travel to Napa just to tour sprawling vineyards and sample world-class wines -- but there's more to the area than just Sangioveses and Syrahs.
Bed, Bath And Beyond London You can't enter the original Roman baths, unfortunately, but there is a consolation prize across the street
Who Is Too Fat To Fly? Airlines Are Working It Out Should the sizeable be forced to spend more if they can't wiggle into a standard-size coach seat?
Austin Prepares To Welcome Formula One (INFOGRAPHIC) After a five-year absence, Formula 1 racing is returning to the United States.
Apartment Hunting In Paris No Paris apartment is ever a sure thing.
Midwest Bed And Breakfasts Cater To Business Travelers Looking for more than an Internet connection in a hotel room? Being away from friends and family on business can be more comfortable in the Midwest in an inn that feels like home but offers all the amenities you need to do your work while on the road.
Save Big Bucks With A Flexible Date Airfare Search You can often save hundreds of dollars or pounds by flying when the going is cheap and sometimes this just requires tweaking dates by a few days.
The Best Ski Resort Features For Couples (PHOTOS) Skiing spots across North America have begun to focus more and more on charming features designed to help inspire some romance. Here are some of our favorites.
Discover James Bond's London I've always wanted to be a Bond girl... who hasn't? Glam gowns, swanky hotels, a healthy dose of danger and the chance to go head-to-head with 007 in exotic locales. Here's my four-day guide to the spy's life in London.
Live In Concert From experimental emerging artists to the biggest pop stars in the world, fans have turned the best venues and amphitheaters into international music icons. So if you're looking to see a great live show in a completely unique environment, catch a concert at one of Party Earth's favorite music venues from around the world.
How To Avoid Thanksgiving Travel Disasters Slices of roasted turkey, mounds of mashed potatoes, hefty wedges of pumpkin pie and a couple of days off work--being thankful for the Thanksgiving holiday isn't difficult. However, mustering up enough nerve to face Turkey Day travel is a different story altogether.
5 Questions About Travel For Filmmaker Rafael Garcia Mayan Blue, Garcia's feature length documentary film, explores the history of the Yucatan and surrounding regions -- often underwater in cenotes, lakes and other unique water features of the region. Mayan Blue also reveals the remarkable archaeological site of Samabaj, a pre-classic site that was flooded in a cataclysmic event on Lake Atitlan some 2000 years ago.
Bond Voyage As I clutch the wheel of a silver Aston Martin V8 Vantage S and watch the speedometer straddle the 100 mile mark, I feel a smirk coming on.
Going To Las Vegas? Stay At These Hotels We say, if you're going to Vegas, do it up big.
The Disappearing Ghost Signs Of The Rust Belt Ghost signs are nearly the equivalent of what cave drawings were to our early modern day explorers
A Glamorous Stay In Monte Carlo I sat at a roulette table and made a few bets alongside a Saudi man betting astronomical sums and some attractive Brazilians.
Pot Legalization And The Future Of Colorado Tourism But the most prominent experiment in drug tourism, Amsterdam\u2019s embrace of both weed and its smokers, has done little to decrease
Toilet Theme Park And we thought we'd seen it all. As if a Robin Hood theme park, an ancient Rome park and a Napoleon-themed amusement weren't
HotelTonight, Travel App, Makes Hurricane Sandy Relief Donation HotelTonight, a still-new mobile hotel booking app based in San Francisco, typically offers spontaneous hotel bookings. But
50 Years Of James Bond's Favorite Hotels (PHOTOS) With everyone celebrating the diamond anniversary of the Bond film franchise -- and the premiere of Skyfall on November 9
Always The Right Season In Door County, Wisconsin Summer, winter, spring or fall. It is always the right season to visit Door County Peninsula.
10 Amazing Works Of Architecture To Visit (PHOTOS) Whether it's intricate carving on an ancient temple or steel bended in ways you never thought possible, the complexities of architecture never cease to amaze.
National Park Lodges To Visit In Winter Although America's national parks are primarily summer destinations -- special places to hike, boat, fish, and observe nature
A Holiday In Asheville, NC Here are a couple of holiday-specific activities in Asheville, NC that make the beautiful Blue Ridge Mountains perfect for this time of year. Make the choice to take a break from the hustle and bustle!
America's Happiest Airline Employees (INFOGRAPHIC) Who are the friendly skies' friendliest employees? According to Payscale.com, it's Alaska Airlines, despite having uniforms
Priceline Buys Kayak For $1.8 Billion Priceline.com Inc., the most valuable online-travel agency, has agreed to buy Kayak Software Corp. (KYAK) for $1.8 billion
Oyster's 10 Favorite Travel Tweeters Here are 10 of our favorite tweeters -- and their hilarious tweets -- who have given us new insights (and a whole lotta laughs) on our traveling journey. #ReadOn
Born to Explore Richard the Lionheart supposedly brought them to England from Cyprus after the Third Crusade and the Crown has retained ownership of all unmarked or mute swans.
The Cube After a wait of several minutes, the doors of a no-frills construction elevator open precisely at noon. We enter the metal-framed box that scales the outside rear of the Royal Opera House (Kungliga Operan) of Stockholm, transporting us from the street to our rooftop destination, The Electrolux Cube.
Hungry In Hawaii My film team and I jumped at the chance to interview Maui's chefs and designers. But what awaited us? I had daunting visions of eating a roast pig while wearing a coconut bra.
10 Hotel Experiences For Your Bucket List (PHOTOS) Regardless of whether you're a backpacker or a five-star aficionado, HotelsCombined has amassed 10 unforgettable hotel experiences that everyone should undergo at least once before they die.
Michael O'Leary, Ryanair CEO, Says Seatbelts On Planes 'Don't Matter' O'Leary hopes to get around EU safety regulations that require passengers to be belted in for take-off and landing so that
10 Reasons To Visit Toronto (PHOTOS) In this 3-hour course, top chef Mildred Pierce Restaurant's http://www.templekitchen.com Donna Doher teaches guests to cook or perfect their cooking skills.
Diane Von Furstenberg Adorns Australia's Luxury Island With A Touch Of High-Fashion (PHOTOS) Cashmere linings, organic cotton linens, specially-printed drapery, personal art collections -- when fashion designers work with luxury hotels, the end result is an experience worth indulging in.
Stunning Travel Photography Exhibit Inspires Wanderlust (PHOTOS) Le M\u00e9ridien hotels and Air France have teamed up to present a stunning selection of wanderlust-inspiring travel photographs
Eating The World's Best Pizzas (PHOTOS) By day, the apprentices learned how to make the Neapolitan pie's characteristic thick outer crust. At night, they worked at historic pizzerias throughout the city.
Mexico City's Santa Muerte Shows The City's True Face (PHOTOS) La Santa Muerte reigns supreme in the city jails, within the criminal class and in the informal work force, as well as defining the aesthetic of the Mexico City death metal and gothic music scenes.
Like Obama, Hawaii Is A Winner (PHOTOS) What better way to celebrate our president than a vacation in his home state?
Colombia's Coffee Triangle Has A Lush Appeal (PHOTOS) It's safe to say that Colombia is well and truly back on the map as one of Latin America's most distinct and wonderfully characteristic destinations.
Leigh Lumford Loves Staten Island You are the redheaded stepchild of New York City.
Botswana And South Africa Photo Safari We began another beautiful morning at Mala Mala searching for lions that had been calling at dawn across the river from the Main Camp. Soon we got a radio call that Keith (the Main Camp Manager) had just sighted a leopard and cub from the camp's deck. We turned and headed to the edge of the river.
Woodstock Is Also A Town Every autumn, as soon as the leaves begin to turn, I'm there in my imagination and, fortunately, often physically.
A Post-Election, Cross-Country Pub Crawl El Bait Shop in Des Moines claims that it's the only 1970s nautical-themed Mexican BBQ restaurant in America. This is probably true.
Visiting James Bond Film Sites In Latin America The National Institute of Culture in Panama City stood in for a fictional hotel in Bolivia.
Flight Attendant Quiz But it's not just airplane art that's unique to each airline, flight attendants can be icons in their own right. So, we thought
9 Post-Election Getaways For Exhausted Voters (PHOTOS) Face it
A Chef's Road Trip After a drive through the Deep South, I arrived in New Orleans just in time for Halloween in the French Quarter.
Barcelona's Bar Scene Flourishes (PHOTOS) Whether you are looking for a casual drink in a romantic setting or a novel experience at a cool beachside ice bar, this city has an impressive selection of happening watering holes.
Family Travel If the best thing about the holidays is celebrating with friends and family, then the most difficult tasks may be making
Three California Beach Hotels For Any Budget Not that the Mandalay Beach is the last word in good value on the California beach.
How Expats And Travelers Could Help Obama But being surrounded by Obama's international fans doesn't necessarily turn Americans toward the Democratic Party or, for
5 Winter Destinations For Non-Skiing Adventures When those big, fat flakes start falling, it's time to pull all the warm clothes out of storage and get ready for some winter activities. But if you're not a skier, there's no need to feel left out.
4 Insider Secrets To Holiday Travel Savings Instead of just going online and searching for peak holiday weekend travel days, I'm sharing my insider tips for how you can make it home for the holidays, score a beach vacation and avoid those seasonal mark ups.
Riviera Maya's Day Of The Dead Will you find the same grandeur or drama of the variety that you'd see in Mexico City and its vicinity? No, but Day of the Dead in the Riveria Maya breathes life into the local culture.
In Singapore, Food Future With No Past To be a soldier of your food culture, you can't learn recipes, you gotta learn \feel.\
Presidential Hotel History Given how much time presidents spend on the road, it's no surprise how many noteworthy events -- famous and infamous both -- have taken place at hotels.
Leaving the Country? Here's What To Take... What to pack?
Presidential Seat Mates Some of the most popular politicians in the country aren't up for election on Tuesday, a new survey of fliers reveals. Working
For A Very Long Trip, First Is The Best Possible Class Having flown across the ocean countless times and having aged at least a few years since 1970, when I started doing so, I know that six or seven hours is about all I can take in an economy-class seat. So, when my wife and I started thinking about a far longer trip -- to Japan -- we knew we'd need to find a way to claw our way up to greater comfort.
A Long Weekend In Boston I'm always amazed by how many people who consider themselves travelers have never visited Boston. True, having lived there for most of my formative years, I'm a bit prejudiced, but I've been to almost every city worth visiting and I can honestly say that none is more beautiful, especially now that the hideous Central Artery roadway has been placed underground.
Along The Hudson River In Reemerging Poughkeepsie For those record-loving travelers who make pilgrimages to the Biggest, Best and Longest worldwide, Poughkeepsie has become a destination.
Why The Lowest Airfare Can Cost You A Bundle Many times travelers are faced with choosing between a full fare ticket and the lowest fare ticket, not knowing that there can sometimes be as many as 20 additional fares available for that flight.
Myanmar's Charms And What Lies Beneath (PHOTOS) Myanmar is beyond beautiful and its people are wonderfully welcoming. Their absurd fairness and unique warmth makes it hard to constantly remind yourself of the misery and sorrow often hidden from tourists.
I Got Schooled Abroad While my dorm neighbors were huddled around the TV for movie night, I was in the downstairs lounge cozied up to my textbook. But a semester later, all that changed. I had the opportunity to go abroad. I took it.
Relaxing In Srinagar, Kashmir's Florid Capital (PHOTOS) A Flower Man paddled up and announced
Endangered Lighthouses Of Florida's Forgotten Coast (PHOTOS) Continuing westward for a mere 20 miles, we encounter not just another stately lighthouse, but also a terrific story about
De Niro's Las Vegas Plans Include New Hotel De Niro said it made sense the company branched out into the hotel world. It's about Robert De Niro, the hotelier. Read more
Five B&Bs Where You Can Walk In The Footsteps Of Presidents (PHOTOS) While the current presidential race is contentious and stress-inducing, there's a way to enjoy politics in a more relaxing, quiet way. Simply escape to a B&B touched by presidential history and be pampered at the same time.
Hong Kong Hotels For Every Kind of Traveler (PHOTOS) There is a multiplicity of everything.
Hurricane Sandy Airlines Airlines cancelled over 20,254 flights from Saturday, Oct. 27 through Thursday, Nov. 1 in North America due to Hurricane
5 Awesome Spots For A Corporate Retreat (PHOTOS) At Oyster.com, we've covered some resorts that provide truly awesome settings for company getaways. The daily schedule may still be in your boss's hands, but at least the resorts will make the probability of being able to squeeze in some fun much higher.
What You Can (And Can't) Carry Through TSA Checkpoints So what exactly can you get away with? A quick run-through through the TSA's Prohibited Items list hints at a surprising irony
World's Funniest Signs (PHOTOS) Some of these signs aren't just funny, but absurd -- like one next to the water in Mystic, CT, saying that throwing rocks will cost you 50 cents each.
Why The Window Seat Is Always Better The airplane flights that do the grunt work of your trip, that allow you to get from place to place, are a sort of forgettable magic that, if you are like me, you do not record in your diary or photograph.
A Travel Guide For Germaphobes Consider that the flu virus can survive for two or three days on computer keyboards, germs live on our hands for two to 24 hours and we touch our hands to our faces -- the germ super highway to our guts -- once every three minutes.
Viennese Balls And The Lure Of The Plush Exotic (PHOTOS) Climb Everest to Base Camp or learn a quadrille for a Viennese Ball, both offer a discriminating traveler new bragging rights to travel beyond the ordinary.
7 Ways To Get Kicked Off A Plane Your plane ticket is your pass to far-flung destinations -- on several conditions.
Japan Travel Throughout the country, including in Tokyo, there are local associations of what are often called Goodwill Guides, most typically retired long-time residents who speak some English and welcome an opportunity to use it.
The 5 Best Chairlifts In North America (PHOTOS) Being a chairlift isn't easy. You're out there in the cold, constantly spinning in circles, pushing people's butts around all day. Plus, no one ever says thank you after a good ride and an angry mob forms when you're out sick. Here's our thank you to some of the best.
The World's Littlest Hotels (PHOTOS) These stunningly sexy, diminutive vacation retreats pack maximum comfort--blissful beds, chic design, and unbelievable views
A Chef's Road Trip My road trip continued through the Deep South with some fantastic dinners -- and a happy surprise for breakfast.
Dubai's Ice Bar Is Chill, Ridiculous (PHOTOS) Chill Out's tagline is \Reason to Get Closer,\ and the bar has plenty of them. Unlike being stuck in actual winter weather you can't escape, you're offered a temporary and manageable escape from the heat.
Paris's Evolving Sweets (PHOTOS) In the early 1900's, the folks at Caf\u00e9 Laduree created the Parisian-style macaron by doubling up on the cookies and adding the sweet filling in the center.
Born To Explore It floated up to the shore in the form of a volleyball with \Japan Volleyball Association\ stamped on it, accompanied by Japanese soda bottles. It was clearly debris from that terrible tsunami that tragically hit Japan in March of 2011.
Seven Habits Of Highly Effective Travelers The best travelers develop habits and routines that make their trips more rewarding. Adopt these seven tricks to take your vacationing skills to the next level.
5 Travel Tips For Choosing The Best Family-Friendly Resort My partner's parents celebrated their 50th wedding anniversary this year, so to commemorate the big event we decided to organize a vacation for the whole extended family at an all-inclusive resort. Since I'm the travel writer in the group, it fell to me to narrow our choices and come up with a reasonably priced, well-appointed hotel in a destination that we all wanted to visit. Here's how I did it.
Futuristic Places To Stay (PHOTOS) There is no time like the present to live in the future.
Ryanair Reportedly Boots Passenger For Too Much Hand Luggage (VIDEO) Doubtful the move will get them far with Ryanair, the last time a disgruntled passenger spoke up on social media, the airline's
Pussy Riot, Putin And Why Russians Think Romney Is Barking Up The Wrong Era It's one thing to learn about a foreign country through spy movies, outdated Cold War propaganda and sound bites. It's a whole different education looking a foreigner in the eye and listening to what they really think.
8 Presidential Hideaways To Visit (PHOTOS) These presidential retreats drip with history and elegance while offering seclusion.
Atlantic City's History Of Hurricane Recovery (VIDEO) German prisoners of war would eventually help pick up after the storm, which did some $100 million in damage. The city, which
Watching The Travel Industry From Behind The Scenes Here's a quick look behind the scenes of a mainstream travel industry event.
Five Ways To Stay In Cancun (PHOTOS) Thousands of spring breakers, honeymooners, older couples, families and young groups of friends flow into Cancun every year. They have different demands.
James Bond Has Terrific Taste In Hotels (PHOTOS) The name is Bond, James Bond. And I'm checking in.
From Mumbai To Delhi We landed in Mumbai in the dead of night, that mysterious window right before twilight, where anything can happen but nothing feels real.
Meet Cocos Island's Newest, Mightiest Predator (VIDEO) There are few places left where you can predictably encounter tiger sharks without luring them in with bait, and to the surprise of many, Costa Rica's Cocos Island is now one of them.
War Of The Roses If I could retain one image of North Korea, it would not be the tacky d\u00e9cor or the outrageously enjoyable circus or the million and one monuments or the flashing neon everywhere. It would be the shabby apartment buildings with the little flowerpots on each balcony.
An Idiot Abroad As Well Since I have moved to Asia, I have had the opportunity and been lucky enough to carry on a trend of expanding my horizons and broadening my mindset, visiting different parts of the world. Since I moved to Singapore three months ago, my travels have taken me to Malaysia, Thailand and the Philippines. Not only have these travels given me an education, but they've also made me realize that Karl Pilkington wasn't the only Idiot Abroad.
Journey Across Russia, From Moscow To Novosibirsk I can hardly believe that I am back already from this amazing adventure through Russia, my family's homeland. To say that it was incredible would be an understatement, which is not a typical Russian trait!
Decision 2012 I've spent a majority of the past three years abroad, whether living or traveling, which has given me a broader, more objective perspective on the state of U.S. politics, and the U.S. in general. And what has struck me most about my fellow countrymen is the extent to which Americans (on both sides of the aisle) believe that the outcome of a given election will, for better or for worse, change their lives and the country in ways beyond their control.
Top 10 Dream Hotel Deals Right Now One of the best times to travel to the worlds dreamiest destinations is right now, during the last few weeks of shoulder season. The travel industry has coined shoulder season as the period between high and low season, and what it means for you is smaller crowds, lovely weather and sweet deals across the globe.
A Fine Soft Day For A Writer In Ireland It had been raining off and on as we made our way from Galway, along the Ring of Kerry, to charming Cahersiveen. The grey-blue sky and rolling mist gave the green fields the magical look that defines the west of Ireland. It's what the Irish affectionately call \a fine soft day.\
Bouncing Around The World Its been a whirlwind of a year and frankly, I am eagerly anticipating it coming to an end.
Don't Let The Altitude At Machu Picchu Get You Down (VIDEO) Everything we learned on our visit to this bucket list favorite, at more than 8,000 feet above sea level.
Luxury And The Bermuda Triangle In Bermuda, houses are painted sherbert yellow, green and blue and the pinkish sand on every beach is as soft as flour.
Airlines' Legroom Check out blogger George Hobica's tips for getting extra legroom . Business Traveller culled data from 32 airlines to complete
Hotel Cheval In Paso Robles Is A Derby Winner Hotel Cheval in Paso Robles California prides itself on impeccably decorated rooms and suites which only # 16 total, equipped
A Chef's Road Trip I left Charleston before sunrise for the Sunday Supper South event in Atlanta a few days ago -- and stopped for some great meals along the way.
Prospect Park After Hurricane Sandy (PHOTOS) I visited Prospect Park in Brooklyn Wednesday. Hurricane Sandy tore through the park a few days ago, and you can tell.
Top Tips For Single Female Travelers Traveling alone can be exhilarating and liberating. Practicing a little safety and thoughtfulness will help you avoid becoming a crime statistic and provide maximum enjoyment for your trip.
Navigating Paris One Hunk Of Cheese At A Time It's a matter of taste. Do you want crisp, buttery layers that flake at the first bite? Or a dense, hearty exterior and a yeasty, buttery interior that melts in your mouth?
10 Halloween Destinations Haunted By History (PHOTOS) Throughout the world, people tend to plan their trips around the holidays. Yet, when it comes to Halloween, the trend is not so much one of getting away as hiding away.
Gangnam Style Hotels In Seoul To those who live and visit there, Seoul's Gangnam district is associated with wealth, luxury and power.
Finding America's Haunted Neighborhoods These cities are densely populated... by ghosts.
Why European Airlines Will Pay Passengers For Late Flights Passengers are often placated with vouchers for a free meal or a refreshment when they are legally entitled to more significant reimbursement.
Airlines & Hurricane Sandy A tiny percentage of the people unable to board the 19271 flights canceled or rescheduled in the wake of Hurricane Sandy likely read the contract that is now determining what sort of help their airline is obliged to give them.
25 Ghastly Places Popular With Travelers (PHOTOS) The smaller islands in the lagoon that served as mass graves during Venice's many bouts with the plague. The one island that never saw disease, hosted an insane asylum that now stands abandoned.
Quest For Wonder Sailors always knew these islands were different -- they were called Las Encantadas, the Enchanted Islands, the name by which Herman Melville knew them.
Halloween in New Orleans It's Halloween in New Orleans with skeletons sitting on pedicabs, blue vampires peeking out from the Rodrigue Blue Dog gallery
Robin Hood-Themed Tourist Attraction Proposed For Sherwood Forest The 40-acre Discover Robin Hood attraction will include a medieval fortress, dungeons, a jousting field and maze with talking
Air New Zealand Launches Hobbit-Themed Safety Video (VIDEO) Of course, the launch is accompanied by a contest to win a trip to New Zealand. More about that here. Air New Zealand, the
Virginia Woodruff Loves Austin To drink a beer anywhere is the god-given right of all Austinites. Take a sip at your video store, your dry cleaners or your barber shop.
Go Green Belize is best known for its lush rain forests, Mayan ruins and gorgeous barrier reef -- one of the world's best sites for snorkeling and scuba diving. Here's a look at some of our favorite eco-friendly stays in the country.
Polaroids From Kathmandu (PHOTOS) For this trip, I decided it would be a great idea to bring my big old Polaroid Land Camera with 6 or 7 packs of film (along with a few other cameras). I'd planned to do a daily journal, taking a Polaroid every day.
The Top Farm-to-Table Hotel Restaurants A former sheep and cattle station, Otahuna Lodge in New Zealand is nearly self-sufficient, meeting 90 percent of the hotel's kitchen needs with ingredients from its own farm.
New York's LaGuardia Airport Flooded (PHOTOS) Now, thanks to photos taken Tuesday at LaGuardia, we can see the flooding and devastation ourselves. Many thanks to Frank
Flight Cancellations UPDATE, 9:27pm
Atlantic City Hurricane Sandy As early as Monday morning, Sandy was causing the seaside promenade to be broken into pieces that could be seen floating
Adventure In The Midi-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es A vast majority of the land is untouched, and in such a fecund part of the world, you can expect abundances of wild flora, fauna and insects. The pictures say it all but in case you're still curious, this is the land of cattle, dreamy cheeses, foie gras, plenty of organic foods, tasty wild fruits, miles of rejuvenating countryside walks and the Tour de France.
In John Burroughs' Backyard The Hudson is among the mightiest and most majestic rivers of all, and this river and its surrounding valley are among America's most cherished ecological natural settings.
How To Pick The Right Seat For 40,000 Feet Have you ever experienced this scenario? You are nearly finished with the online booking for your next flight when the airline's reservation system prompts you to select a seat. You are stumped. Which seat do you pick? How do you know if 8A is better than 14C? What if you end up in one of those seats that don't recline?
Rio de Janeiro From Above And Below (PHOTOS) Steps were also hand-chiseled into the steep slope for the king's convenience, but he disregarded both and galloped up the sheer rock to the summit like a goat.
Eco-Immersion The key to eco-immersion is somehow connecting with a network of folks who live and work in compelling areas and getting a fast-tracked, authentic exposure to their home, centering on their culture.
Paris, Je T'aime The wonders of la ville d'amour are endless, but you have to start somewhere.
Travel Abroad In Your Own Backyard Don't get me wrong
Relational Tourism Traveling is a lot like dating. I was reminded of this on a recent trip to Venice last month.
The Best Hotel Coffee Bars Across The U.S. (PHOTOS) We've found five of the best hotel coffee bars across the states so you can get that jolt you need without having to leave your hotel.
How Yoga Can Help You Find The Right Home Swap My family has exchanged our home 14 times in the past 12 years, however yoga flowed into my life only recently. So when my yoga instructor used the term asana, I pondered it for a few weeks and then applied the concept to home swap.
Eco-Immersion The key to eco-immersion is somehow connecting with a network of folks who live and work in compelling areas and getting a fast-tracked, authentic exposure to their home, centering on their culture.
8 Ways To Experience Mauritius Put on your shades, roll down the top of your rented convertible, and drive along the postcard coasts of Mauritius, watching
A Quest For Wonder Jose and I set out as well, though in a fashion more comfortable than Bingham. We take the Inca Rail, which spirals into the valley like the shell of a nautilus.
Is This The Only Way To Change the TSA? (VIDEO) Here's a question everyone should be asking after last week's stunning verdict against Andrea Abbott, the Nashville mother who tried to stop TSA agents from patting down her teenage daughter
World's Highest National Park Opens In Tibet Qomolangma National Park is Tibet's third, following Namtso National Park and Yarlung Zangbo Grand Canyon National Park. With
Why Don't Airlines Allow Name Changes? Ask Airfarewatchdog.com Mexican airline interjet, which flies from the US to Mexico and beyond, allows name changes for $25 plus tax.
Hidden Gems The state of Wisconsin has an impressive number of state and national parks, but what you may not know is that some of the most beautiful natural places are actually located on Native American lands.
Sandy Swoops In To Fire Island Pines Today, as the East Coast braces for a \once in a century storm,\ a mandatory evacuation of our beautiful sand dune has been announced.
Norway's Quiet, Rugged Nature (PHOTOS) Not long after my flight landed in Kristiansund on Norway's western coast, I found myself on a harbor cruise, gliding by its mustard yellow and barn red homes tucked into the hillsides and old fish warehouses used to dry and salt cod.
Finnair Teams With Marimekko In Design Partnership (VIDEO, PHOTOS) Check out a preview of the designs below and learn more about the collaboration in the video above. Find more examples of
Hidden, Unspoiled Beaches in South Florida (PHOTOS) The Hobe Sound beach extends north more than two miles to where the equally pristine St. Lucie Preserve beach begins.
5 Peruvian Musts Beyond Machu Picchu Locals drink coca tea and chew coca leaves to cure soroche (altitude sickness) but the coca leaf is also held sacred and used in spiritual rites.
Escaping Sandy Stock up on bottled water, canned peas, batteries and firewood! It's the perfect Perfect Storm!
Five Caribbean Hideaways For The Entire Family These locales aren't just for honeymooners or SCUBA divers. They are as kid-friendly as they are ideal for adults looking to get away from it all.
Cycling Nova Scotia's Cabot Trail The director at the Salmon Museum tells me the largest salmon caught from the Margaree River was grabbed in 1927 and weighed 52.5 pounds.
Hotel Design Standouts For 2012 (PHOTOS) On vacation, a pretty hotel isn't always enough. You want a place that makes a statement.
Hotels With Haunted Pasts (PHOTOS) Historic Hotels of America reports that at least 110 hotels are haunted, some with one or two permanent guests and others with many more.
5 Things You Can't Do In Ghana As A Tourist By using volunteer projects as a window into the local culture -- and vice versa -- you can have a unique and authentic experience abroad, unparalleled by a typical vacation.
Miami It's a win-win situation
The Life Is Good Festival When I heard there was a Life is Good festival I knew I had to attend.
Four Great Vacations For LGBT Families (PHOTOS) If you and your partner are planning a quick family escape before the holiday rush, we've come up with four great vacation ideas to offer you a little inspiration.
On Progress With Henry VIII And Author Alison Weir Henry VIII has always fascinated the American public and never more so than following the Showtime miniseries, The Tudors, starring Jonathan Rhys Meyers. While it was airing, I attended a book signing with noted author and historian, Alison Weir, introduced myself and asked if she would consider joining a Smithsonian tour if we created one around Tudor history. To my great surprise, she was not only interested, but helped plan the entire tour and used her connections to offer very exclusive access at every famous site.
Why Michael Jackson Should Have Lived In France The words that one learns passively in a given language (that is to say, out on the street or simply through repeated and unsought auditory repetition) are often reflective of deeper cultural values and attitudes. In France, more often than not, this attitude is pessimism. Allow me to explain.
In The Himalayas, Biking Is The New Trekking Trekking in Nepal is fantastic, but the ability to mountain bike can offer an even richer experience.
Why Everyone (Except President Obama) Should Agree to Trump's $5 Million Offer For the rest of us, Trump's proposal isn't such a bad idea. When's the last time you looked at your passport? Has it almost expired? Has it already expired?
The World's Best Cities For Coffee Lovers (PHOTOS) Costa Ricans refer to coffee as their \golden bean\ because it has paid such high dividends to the local economy.
Jordan's Petra Is Still Alluring Two Centuries Later (PHOTOS) Petra's entrance is waking up from its reverie, its rock-cut tombs, temples and rose red walls sleepy with shadows.
World Series 2012 The Giants and the Tigers definitely won't be able to blame any lackluster performances on where they shack up.
How To Spend Election Night Abroad If you're traveling or living abroad and excited about the election, how do you plan to watch it? Will it be an all-nighter, a middle-of-the-night wake-up or a wait-and-see?
Budget-Friendly Bars In Berlin (PHOTOS) From lively student hangs to romantic candle-lit dens, here are a few of Party Earth's favorite bars that hit the spot but don't break the bank.
Spooky Vacation Ideas For Halloween (PHOTOS) From ghost towns to witches' hideaways, we've found some of the best places to spook and be spooked -- and where to rest your head (if you can) at the end of the day. But we'd suggest sleeping with one eye open...
Freedom Makes Us Feral Isolated from the locals by our keepers, ferried from one sight to the next, we long for a moment of freedom. Perhaps our handlers, veterans of other tours, are aware of our growing restlessness. After lunch, they take us to a city park. We are meant to keep together, but liberation makes us feral.
Memories Of Travel To Chile, Two Years After The Coup Back in 1975, when I was traveling through South America, I decided to go to Santiago, Chile. I had been told that the country was beautiful, especially the area around the Pacific resort of Vina del Mar. I also knew that there had been a coup two years earlier, and I was curious to see that the country looked like in its aftermath.
Deals At Conde Nast Traveler Award Winners The Deal Experts at Travelzoo have negotiated discounts with several of the award winners, from rooms overlooking the glittering Las Vegas Strip to sailings down the Panama Canal, with savings of as much as 60% off current prices.
Philadelphia Is A History Professor In the Signers Hall, 42 life-size bronze statues gather in clusters, discussing, gesturing, urging you to sign their much-argued-over document.
12 Chilling Halloween Attractions (PHOTOS) Halloween is a pleasant occasion to search out unpleasantness.
Navigating Nairobi's Maasai Markets, Matatus and Modernism Highly regarded by locals, this little eatery allows you to choose your own meat from the butchery downstairs before it's barbequed on the fire and plated for you at the restaurant above.
New York City's Smallest Hotel Rooms (PHOTOS) Ah, New York. There's really no place like it. It's one of the only cities in the world where you can pay hundreds of dollars for a hotel room smaller than your office cubicle.
Morgue Hotel? Haydn Pearce Plots To Turn Slabs Into Stays Haydn Pearce, a Tasmanian businessman, is hoping to turn the morgue of a 1950s psychiatric ward into a hotel near Hobart
What To Do In Palm Springs Palm Springs, California is celebrated for its Rat Pack-era architecture and notorious for its stuck-in-the-era-of-steak-and-b\u00e9arnaise cuisine.
Tots In Tribeca The bastion of all things cool, who knew lower Manhattan was now run by hipsters under four feet tall?
Expat Recovery Room If there's any connection between myself and those lovable mop-haired lads from Liverpool, it's pasty white skin resulting from an upbringing in cold, rainy northlands. \n\nUnfortunately, it's a biological influence that often turns tropical sun, surf and sand into a torturous experience, at least with an SPF less than 400.
'Airport 24/7 Check out President Obama landing at Miami in the clip above or catch new episodes Tuesdays at 9pm on The Travel Channel
Common Travel Misconceptions And How To Overcome Them After speaking with many of my fellow students, colleagues and friends, I've learned a lot about peoples' preconceived fears and stereotypes regarding traveling. The truth is, travel is neither difficult nor scary, even for young people. Here are some of the main concerns I've heard, and what you can do to overcome them!
The Best Halloween Parties In Hotels Across The U.S. (PHOTOS) With tons of space and on-site party planners, hotels often host some of the most devilish (in a good way!) Halloween parties around.
The Dawning Of A New Age In Family Travel (PHOTOS) These eco-adventure vacations offering up-close-and-personal views of nature are led by naturalists and historians who are trained to understand -- and have a passion for -- culture, plants, birds and animals and their relationships to ecosystems.
The Magic Of Washington's San Juan Island (PHOTOS) Taking a leisurely stroll between the rolling fields, we closed our eyes many times to take in the sweet smell of lavender in the air.
10 Unforgettable Bond Hotels (PHOTOS) From London to Hong Kong, Daniel Craig to Sean Connery and The Man with the Golden Gun to Casino Royal, trivago presents the best of 007's extravagant style.
Thomas Schutte Loves Brooklyn Your brownstones provide balance against skyscrapers and your warehouses provide spaces for industries both small and large.
Savannah, Georgia Cemetery Tours Check the video above for more. As it turns out, \Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil\ is only a tiny part of the many
Five Bars For A Study Abroad Budget (PHOTOS) While studying abroad may feel like an extended vacation most of the time, one thing is most certainly not luxurious about the experience
Nuanced Diplomacy Now that our program is back in full gear and I've had some time to reflect on this whole Cuba license subject, I can't help but marvel at the fact that this people-to-people program, which brings Americans and Cubans together, face-to-face, making it possible for each to learn about the other, was the brainchild of a government bureaucracy.
Hidden Gems The state of Wisconsin may be best known as the Dairyland state and Packerland, but did you know that Wisconsin is also home to 11 separate sovereign tribal nations?
Where To Bar Hop Like A Politician In Washington, D.C. (PHOTOS) Whether you're voting for Obama or Romney, these are the Washington, D.C., hot spots where you can drink like a politician -- and maybe even spot a few in action.
11 Great Places To Bed Down On Your Northeast College Tour Your kid's future alma mater isn't cookie-cutter, so why should your college tour accommodations be?
Berlin's Best Budget Hotels (PHOTOS) All of this would come at a high price in any other city, but Berlin is one of the most affordable destinations in Europe.
A Quest For Wonder Here at Igua\u00e7u, fluid beauty and violence collide.
A Tale Of Two Guests \On the coffee table in front of us was a large arrangement of roses in the shape of the number 23 surrounded by rose petals.\
How To Eat Local In Asia (PHOTOS) AFAR Deputy Editor Jen Murphy takes a culinary tour of Asia's streets.
Blooming In The Barossa At this time of year in the U.S., the sunlight suddenly seems less vibrant, summer fruits give way to root vegetables in farmers markets, and it feels as if the holidays and winter's chill are just around the corner. Don't you wish you could step into a time machine and head back to spring, with the first splash of green and the promise of summer? That's what we've done for the past few winters, while researching our book, \Wines of the Southern Hemisphere,\ and there really is something special about springtime in the Barossa.
U.K. Sees Sports Tourism Bump Don't thank the Olympics -- at least not yet. The U.K. has seen a huge surge in the number of people visiting the country
Feeding The Travel Addiction Beast It is claimed that there are so-called gateway drugs that take you on to higher highs from humble beginnings. Could the same be said for travel addiction?
Lisbon In Three Hours And The Art Of Layover Tourism At the top, there was an awe-inspiring panoramic view of the city including Rossio Square, the Carmo Convent, the Castle of S\u00e3o Jorge and the Tagus River.
Where To Teach English For Non-English Teachers While traveling through Spain I had the good fortune to be able to participate in two English immersion programs, Vaughan Town and Pueblo Ingles, respectively. Each week was magical, and nothing could have prepared me for the emotions I would feel after working so closely with these inspiring Spaniards.
Rare Cacao Beans Resurface In Deadwood, South Dakota Deadwood, South Dakota doesn't typically spring to mind as a mecca for chocolate. But it should.
A Mekong Meditation It is difficult to separate the magic of the Mekong from the magic of Laos, the country through which it flows for much of its meandering route through Southeast Asia. Laos is beautiful, uncrowded and populated by some of the most gracious and gentle people I have ever met. Or maybe it's the river itself, surprisingly peaceful for one so large and significant.
Ausable Chasm And Traditional Tourism In Upstate New York (PHOTOS) There are pictures in the guest center showing how little the guest center has changed over the past century. It essentially
Doris Day Welcomes Travels With Journey To The Cypress Inn Meet Sadie. She\u2019s the Director of Pet Relations at the fabulous, extraordinarily exquisite,\u00a0 Cypress Inn at Carmel-by-the
Two Trips To New York City, Limitless Fun It's early fall, and I've got itchy feet. Two back-to-back trips to New York show the many sides the city has to offer.
Haunted American Cities and How They Got That Way (PHOTOS) With Halloween lurking around the corner, it's the time of year when these apparitions and other ghoulish fiends prepare their favorite frights.
Ask Airfarewatchdog.com First off, you're right that you can often save money by buying \split\ fares and you're very wise not to try to make a connection on the same day of travel, in case your first leg is delayed or canceled.
How To Kill The TSA's Full-Body Scanners For Good (VIDEO) The TSA has forced air travelers to make a preposterous choice between a full-body scan, which potentially exposes you to harmful radiation, and an \enhanced\ pat-down, for the last two years. For me, it was always an easy call to make
How To Save On Family Holiday Travel During the holidays, family travel usually involves visiting friends and relatives or that much-anticipated vacation destination
7 Great Hikes Around The World (PHOTOS) These hikes  may be the loveliest in the world. Go for a walk.
A Discussion Of Travel's Metaphysical Aspects I'm sitting here on a Philadelphia sidewalk near 30th Street Station waiting for a bus to Manhattan, and this dispatch isn't revelatory but rote -- a collection of the thoughts I imagine we all sort of have in situations like that pressing itself on me. Consider this my disclaimer.
Vegan Eats In Brooklyn Despite having spent so much time in Manhattan, I'm not ready to leave without looking into the delicious, healthy and vegan eats available across the East River in Brooklyn.
9 Great End Of Fall Drives (PHOTOS) Our first destination is Lake Placid, which we reach by following Route 73, enjoying the spectacle of maple, beech and birch trees changing colors amid waterfalls and massive ponds.
Making Liquid Gold In Tuscany I stand at the end of the production line, clutching a thin slice of toasted bread in my hand and eagerly awaiting the new oil.
3 Of The Most Expensive Restaurant Items In Hotel History We've found three of the most expensive menu items in the history of hotel restaurants. Check 'em out -- and prepare yourself for sticker shock!
The Coziest Bed And Breakfasts In Maine (PHOTOS) From seven-room inns to luxurious spa stays, the bed and breakfast is alive and well in this northernmost New England spot.
Rome's Most Inviting Vintage Hotel When you enter the reception, you cannot avoid the two vertical posters of Marilyn Monroe and of Marlon Brando, which served as an advertising to a photography exhibit in 2005.
Indulge All Your Senses With A Fall Vineyard Visit Each wine region offers its own unique charms, beautiful scenery and delicious varieties of wine. Though I do have favorite Virginia vineyards near my hometown, I love traveling to Napa and Sonoma in California's wine country, and to Washington state as well. What could be better?
9 Things Not To Wear On A Plane Shun any fabrics that lack breathability, such as nylon or leatherette. Add your rubber rain coat or waterproof jacket to this list as well.
Five Ways To Stay In Paris (PHOTOS) We've found just the spot to stay for almost every kind of traveler, so whether you plan on bringing the kids along or hope to taste some of the finest French cuisine around, Oyster has a hotel for you.
Hidden Gems If oysters, wine and cheese sounds like the perfect meal to you, then the island-state of Tasmania has plenty to offer. From boutique farms to family vineyards, the island is covered with small-scale producers that bring a personal touch to the foods they create.
Top Adventurous Activities In North America (PHOTOS) There are vast patches of North America that are still left to be discovered, so gear up and prepare for an adrenaline rush.
Mo Yan, Nobel Literature Laureate, Could Boost Chinese Tourism Tourism officials within the Communist Party are hoping to capitalize on what is being dubbed \Mo-mania\ by building attractions
Surf's Up, But Not For Me Seeing the rest of Oahu is like seeing the rest of, say, New York State
Taking Fervent Capitalists To A French Doctor Determined to \pay their own way,\ John and Jane took out their credit card. After some convincing, I persuaded the nurse to charge them a small \donation\ of about $200.
World's Coolest Rental Homes (PHOTOS) Renting a house has become increasingly easy -- and popular -- in the past few years. And there are some very cool rental homes out there. It's enough to make a five-star hotel jealous.
Five Fall Hotels Worth Checking Into (PHOTOS) Check into these fabulous hotels in some of fall's most beautiful destinations and check some items off your bucket list along the way.
America's Most Haunted Places With Halloween just around the corner, we've been getting excited about haunted places. We've taken a look at haunted hotels
Dining In 1799 At George Washington's Mount Vernon The house is a microcosm of early American history. The portrait of Louis the XVI in the dining room reminds you of the pivotal role he played in financing the American revolution.
Haunted Hotels Around The World (PHOTOS) It's a truism of the hospitality business
A Tour Of Kalaupapa And The Gravesite Of Blessed Marianne Cope (PHOTOS) Standing in front of the simple white monument marking the original grave of Mother Marianne Cope at Kalaupapa on the Hawaiian Island of Molokai on Oct. 12, some members of my tour group were visibly moved. For good reason.
10 Autumn Trips Not To Miss (PHOTOS) Autumn brings grape-picking season at wineries, family holiday feasts and weekend harvest festivals.
Egypt Sees A 20 Percent Rise In Tourist Visits This Year Despite Insecurity The uprising that toppled Hosni Mubarak last February and political instability since then have stopped millions of potential
Trampoline Bridge Across The Seine Proposed For Paris (PHOTOS) The new trampoline bridge would be located near the existing Pont de Bir-Hakeim, according to The Daily Mail, which points
The Very Best Time To Book Airline Tickets, According To Kayak For international trips, that prime booking window shifts to 34 days prior to departure, with average prices at $977 instead
Fellow Flyers Who Drive Us Crazy We can't seem to go a week without reading yet another story about airline missteps. But for most of us, it's not the airline staff that makes us dread a long flight
An Argument For The Okavango (PHOTOS) The floods subside and the water levels recede during the summer and, in the very hot and dry months of September and October, dust and airborne sand particles create spectacular sunsets.
Disneyland Behind-The-Scenes Photos Show The Park From A Cast Member's View (PHOTOS) The user doesn't give much background about the photos and his relationship to Disney, except for what's detailed in the
AFAR Magazine's Julia Cosgrove On Where To Go In San Francisco (PHOTOS) With tech dollars came plenty of new restaurants, bars and shops.
Tampa Bay's Thriving Bakery Scene (PHOTOS) But nothing draws the eye like a case filled with desserts. Mazzaro's offers more than 30 varieties of Italian cookies, including homemade biscotti.
Butterfly Time In Tanzania Mahale Mountains National Park is brimming with butterflies again.
Ryanair 2013 Calendar The calendar is available for purchase on Ryanair flights or through TVN Foundation for \u00a310 ($16). The notorious calendar
Cruising From Central Florida May Take You On The Ride Of Your Life (PHOTOS) My excitement level to see Atlantis, up close and personal, ranked up there with my anticipation to see the Pyramids in Egypt for the first time. It took my breath away as I first saw her nose and then body from the second floor of the Orbiter Processing Facility.
The World's Coolest Buildings (PHOTOS) Looming like a mysterious obelisk from 2001
Ghostly Encounters At Haunted B&Bs Mysterious whispers. Phantom smells. Ghostly apparitions. No, this isn't a Halloween haunted house -- these spooky happenings occur year-round at many historic bed and breakfasts.
Carmel Valley's Bernardus Lodge Offers Luxurious Spa Treatments Designed as a perfect seasonal treatment for the fall or winter, using the Cepe mushroom, known for its healing and soothing
Gail Simmons' Food Tour Of Montreal A luxe, cavernous space on a quiet street in Old Montreal with a sophisticated hunting and fishing lodge menu that's always rich and satisfying.
Fort Ticonderoga Still Presides Over New York's Lakes (PHOTOS) Fort Ticonderoga's panoramic view of Lake Champlain and Lake George is the happy byproduct of a century of murderous scheming
Berlin, City Of Goths (VIDEO) I have a number of spooky friends in the German capital, and they brought me to their favorite haunts. In this travel video, we explore Berlin's darkest clubs and fashion.
Pop The Question And Pucker Up There are many ways to propose, from a candlelight dinner for two to a singing and dancing flash mob. No matter what your budget allows, or how creative you are, each of these romantic bed and breakfast inns can offer customized assistance to plan and execute the perfect wedding proposal for your soon-to-be fiancee.
Oyster Decodes Hotel Points Programs Hotel point programs are not always easy to decipher, and sometimes even we (travel experts, after all) feel we need a guide to understand how they work. But it's worth the effort it takes to decode
Explore America Grammy-nominated alternative rock band Papa Roach has sold more than 10 million albums worldwide, and they've seen much of this country, touring the U.S. twice each year since 2000. Lead singer Jacoby Shaddix shares some of his favorites.
Visiting North Korea, The Hermit Kingdom \We were victorious,\ our guide, who wears three stars on his shoulder, says, adding, \We have very powerful weapons. Though you in America are very far away, you are not safe... but don't be nervous.\
Deal Experts' On-Board Travel Essentials Each year, Travelzoo's Deal Experts log hundreds of thousands of miles in the air, traveling from office to office as well as taking part in Travelzoo's Experience program, where we take the same vacations booked by our 25 million subscribers worldwide. Along the way, we've racked up our favorite travel essentials
Is The Idea Of 'Gay Travel' Counterproductive? The chief benefit of travel, so far as I've been able to deduce in my seven years of doing it, is that you are able to step out of your comfort zone for a short time.
Copa Airlines' Frank Gehry-Inspired Plane (PHOTO) Latin American airline Copa is apparently so proud of the new Frank Gehry-designed Biomuseo, which will open in 2013, that
TWA Stewardess School, As Seen In Vintage Flight Attendant Shots (PHOTOS) When we came across these old school photos of flight attendants in the 1960s, we knew we had to share. Of course, we can
Visiting Robert Frost's Vermont Home (PHOTOS) The inside of Frost's home, in keeping with this rustic vibe, doesn't impose any flashy multimedia presentations on visitors
London Dining There is something very London about the perfect Parisian restaurant, and it isn't just that the British capital is swarming with French expatriates. It seems to me that the ease and frequency with which Brits have always traveled to France creates well-informed demand -- and there are the restaurateurs to fill it.
Lake Memphremagog Look close enough and you can see that it is there already. The dairy farms the border runs across and the woods it runs
Traveling To The Right Restaurants For Special-Occasions (PHOTOS) James Beard, the legendary American chef and writer, called food a \universal experience\ and restaurants in recent years have taken that to heart.
Is Your Seat Cushion An Effective Flotation Device? Unlike the life vest, the seat cushion is not designed to automatically keep your head out of the water.
How Did Hong Kong Get Its Name? More questions on Hong Kong
6 Gorgeous Private Island Retreats (PHOTOS) We've stayed on some gorgeous private islands in our travels.
The Problem With TSA Pat-Downs (VIDEO) He said it's all for show. \It's like a circus,\ he told me.
Hidden Gems Plenty of cities claim to have an underground art scene, but in Tasmania the art scene is literally underground.
'Acqua Alta,' High Water Returns To Venice, Italy (PHOTOS) Workers haven't yet assembled all of the raised walkways the city deploys during some acqua alta events because these tides
America's Swankiest Hunting Lodges (PHOTOS) Not all hunters have to rough it in the woods. Bag your prey, then swap the camo for the high-end comforts offered at five
Touring Chernobyl And The Lost Town Of Pripyat (PHOTOS) The mystery, it turns out, arises from the sheer strangeness of what happened to Pripyat in combination with the Soviet strangeness
Upscale Hotel Deals For A California Coast Road Trip Here's your road map for an inn-hopping excursion all the way down the California coast, from laid-back Santa Cruz to the beach towns of Orange County -- at a savings of as much as 50% on regular prices. Mix and match as you please to create a fall or winter escape.
Enjoying The New York Wine And Food Festival In Style You know the food will be fantastic, but if you don't have plans for your digs yet, we've found the spots where gastronomic gatherings will take place.
The World's Most Beautiful Buildings (PHOTOS) A hundred years ago, naming the world's most beautiful buildings was easy
Minor Romantic Miracles In Morelia, Mexico So how many matches have actually come about? Martinez says she hears about some wishes coming true from time to time, but she doesn't keep count.
Medical Evacuation Coverage Can Be A Life Saver \It has amounted to over $50,000, depleting all of my savings, and most of my retirement,\ says Mikell.
18 Glamorous Golf Getaways (PHOTOS) The rugged headlands of Scotland or the sandy shores of Bermuda? There's plenty of fairway to go around and get you around the world.
The 007 Wonders Of The World (PHOTOS) Ladies' man, martini connoisseur and British Secret Service agent extraordinaire, Bond is not only the most famous spy on Her Majesty's payroll, he's also one of the world's most celebrated jetsetters.
5 Disruptive And Unruly Airline Strikes It isn't unusual for travelers to wonder if there is precedent for the current chaos on the runways.
8 Great Sleeps In Central London Fortunately, there are still some cheapo-friendly small hotels, B&Bs and hostels in central London that offer nice rooms and friendly management.
Finding Winter Cruise Deals Discerning cruisers also know that a watery holiday can leave a sizeable dent in your savings.
10 White Houses You Can Stay In (PHOTOS) Which dream white house gets your vote?
6 Great Beach Bars In The Caribbean Even locals are known to hang out here, so kick up your feet and watch the sunset.
Jet-Set Style Travel may not carry the glamour of days gone by, but by trying to make a flight more comfortable we've ended up ruining any of the magic that was left in flying.
That Special Italian Thing On the wrong side of the river, in the crusty Oltrarno district, an artisan drew me into his shop as if inviting me on a journey.
9 Reasons Low Cost Airlines May Not Be Worth It EasyJet is the worst.
The Citizen Hotel Is Sacramento's Pet Heaven The Citizen Hotel's history is filled with interesting political anecdotes and art. Some of the original drawings, satirical
5 Fun Things To Do In Dublin :\Gaol\ is the old English word for \jail.\ We took a guided tour through the legendary jail opened in 1796.
7 Signs You're An Ugly American \Ugly American\ has become shorthand for any tourist that sticks out or misbehaves abroad.
Golden Gate Hotel & Casino Gets A Las Vegas Facelift (PHOTOS) Meanwhile, Thursday marked the reopening of the D Las Vegas (formerly the Fitzgeralds hotel,) which sits beneath the world's
10 Things To Know Before Going To Japan On the bright side? If you do take the gamble on a dish and discover that the meat you're eating is not quite white, at least it will be delicious.
America's Coolest Hipster Hotels (PHOTOS) Retro, of course, reigns.
Montreal's Circus Culture Hides In Plain Sight (PHOTOS) During the day, TOHU is a quiet place. Performers chat in the dark, circular theater where they will perform come evening
Beijing Mega Airport Plans Revealed Sure this airport will be big. But will it be as cool as the floating island airport that has been proposed for London to
The Appalachian Trail, America's Smallest Massive Achievement (PHOTOS) The beauty of the trail is that its fragility has not resulted in its extinction. It would have taken me maybe thirty minutes
Cambodia For Beginners Last year, an estimated 1.6 million foreigners descended on the little northwestern city of Siem Reap -- most of them arriving to see the Angkor Temple Complex.
Hiking The Austrian Alps These are very pretty cows, taupe colored with great, soulful brown eyes.
New York Loves Emilia Romagna A 6.1 magnitude earthquake and series of aftershocks rattled Emilia Romagna on May 20, 2012, killing 29 and leaving almost 15,000 people homeless.
Exploring Paris On A Budget (PHOTOS) Paris may be the art and fashion capital of the world -- known for its over-the-top luxury properties and bohemian boutiques -- but most people can't afford a stay at the iconic Hotel Plaza Athenee.
'Airport 24/7 In the clip above, an unidentified, seemingly confused woman yells at airport employees over their poor customer service
Doing Mexico City In Style It could take years to explore this city, one of the world's largest.
The Expat Recovery Room Lying on a humidity-soaked bed near Galata Tower, hacking up the contents of my lungs grown by the ever-spreading ceiling mold and picking at a red line of bedbug bites on my ankles and wrists with a curved Uzbek knife, I finally resolved to change direction.
Mount Eustis, An Abandoned Ski Hill In New Hampshire, Gets New Life (PHOTOS) \I've been wandering over there forever, biking, sledding, snowshoeing, heading over there after work with flashlights and
Darcie Connell Loves Mountain View My parents shared stories about picking cherries illegally from orchards and riding horses down Interstate 280. When I was young, I would stare skyward as the Blue Angles soared over Moffett Federal Airfield.
8 Great Things To Do Off-Season On Martha's Vineyard Ever thought about taking a trip to Martha's Vineyard during the fall? Well, I'm no expert, but I've been twice now, so I
Sarah Brightman, British Singer, To Be Russia's Next Space Tourist A decade after U.S. businessman Dennis Tito became Russia's first space tourist, the commercial space flight industry is
A Stylish Guide To London's West End Make for media hub Bloomsbury, where high-profile publishers and digital media firms abound and cultural institutions like the British Museum and University of London set a smart, worldly tone.
London Tourism Sites Suffered From Olympic Slump, Bad Weather But, for London, there may still be light at the end of this tunnel. \For London attractions, the Olympic period was one
Paramount Pictures Park In England Could Rival Disneyland Paris The project will feature Europe\u2019s largest indoor water park, plus theaters, live music venues, attractions, cinemas, restaurants
5 Amsterdam Coffeeshops Not To Miss Inside, the coffeeshop is decked out in modern d\u00e9cor and features a pool table, pinball machine, foosball and some board games.
Fall Foliage Tours Turn A New Leaf (VIDEO) Up here at altitude you can not only see the late autumn, you can feel it, too. It wasn't at all like Lake Tahoe, where summer still seemed to be raging as we drove the winding road from our mountain chalet.
The Northeast's Most Haunted Hotels (PHOTOS) In fact, some of our favorite hotels -- quaint rooms, delicious restaurants, friendly staff -- host resident ghosts.
Hunting For Covered Bridges In New England (PHOTOS) When I tell a waitress in Troy, Vermont that I'm looking for covered bridges, she nods thoughtfully and suggests a few country
The World's Coolest Boat Hotels (PHOTOS) From small and scrappy vessels to big barges, boats of all stripes have inspired unique accommodations.
Our Girl In Havana I wanted to find my bar. The bar that I would return to again and again; I would have a favorite drink; I would know the name of the barman; and every time I went, I would walk away with either interesting stories or interesting friends.
Under The Rainbow At Omaha's Bemis Center For Contemporary Arts If you're still looking for that pot at the end of the rainbow, you should get to Omaha, Nebraska ASAP.
All-Inclusive Resorts In The Caribbean Some Caribbean-bound travelers swear by all-inclusive resorts. Others simply swear them off. Fact is, the industry has grown
The Fairmont Hotel San Francisco Hosts Travels With Journey The perfect pet friendly choice for any occasion! High on a hill it calls to me. The Fairmont Hotel in San Francisco remains
The Most Disturbing Museums In The World (PHOTOS) Though most museums may be devoted to showcasing human triumph -- the transcendence of art or technology -- another breed
10 Fall Road Trips Through The Northeast Head to the North Fork if you're in the mood for large plots of farmland, farmstands, U-picks and wineries.
Vermont's Fall Foliage Feasts (PHOTOS) Thanks to its widespread support of artisanal farms and \cottage\ food producers, Vermont is a delicious destination at any time of year, but fall brings particular bounty.
Are TSA Agents Punishing Us? (VIDEO) Some passengers understand that airport screening is a game and they seem ready to turn the tables.
Ryanair Angers Passengers After Italian 'Mafia' City Comment At least these other flight attendants seem unobjectionable. \I feel terribly offended by the ridiculous way that you treat
Naples, A City Of Contradictions (PHOTOS) The old monastic grounds next to the church now serve as a shelter for the needy and homeless of the city. You can't miss the church even from afar.
The Best New Bistros In Paris The bistro scene in Paris just keeps getting better, with a flurry of exciting new openings, many with impressively pedigreed young chefs.
Zaragoza, Spain And The Fiestas Del Pilar Every year, hundreds of thousands of Catholics and non-Catholics alike visit the Bas\u00edlica to kiss that very pillar seeking protection and showing their faith and love for Virgen del Pilar.
Air Travel Complaint? Here's How An Airline CEO Might Reply \No, flying isn't what it used to be. It's faster. And safer. And cheaper, adjusted for inflation.\
8 Unique Hotel Activities Around The World (PHOTOS) While there's certainly nothing wrong with a game of golf or tennis, sometimes it's nice to mix things up and try something that's a little out of the ordinary.
Eat Well Venezuela Plagued with violence, corruption and lengthy warnings from the US government, the current situation in Venezuela has been less than tourist-friendly in recent years -- which is a big bummer considering that their country is so beautiful and their food is so yummy and healthy.
A Dozen Great Seaside Bars With all the intensity in our domestic and political worlds lately, it's a fine time for an escape -- sunset glinting through the drink in your hand. Let's fantasize about the best seaside bars in Europe.
How To Navigate Morocco's Souks Shopping in a souk can be a mystery. The guidebooks command you to bargain -- but how, without either feeling like an idiot or an Ugly American?
Namibia Is Southern Africa's Desert Rose (PHOTOS) On a continent where nature is demarcated by fences and reserves, often turning locals into trespassers and in some cases, poachers on their own ancestral lands, Namibia's conservancy program is rare conservation success story.
Montezemolo's Revenge Coming from the other side of the tracks, the new Italo may have been conceived as \the people's train,\ but with two of its founders being \Made-in-Italy\ magnates --  Ferrari Chairman Luca Montezemolo and Tod's Diego della Valle -- Italo is upping the elegance ante in inter-regional commuting. Think Milan Fashion Week with magnet synchronous motors.
A Paradise For Copper Lovers In Mexico If you like things made out of copper, you'll love the little village of Santa Clara del Cobre out in the boonies of the western Mexican state of Michoacan. Here, the cobbled streets are lined with hundreds of shops selling everything from copper jewelry to copper vases, pots and frying pans to huge copper bathtubs -- and all at stunningly low prices.
7 Best Vacations With Kids Under 7 Young kids haven't quite learned to eye-roll. In most cases, mommy and daddy are still heroes, so you might as well capitalize on that while you can. Go on
Top Five Clubs In Florence (PHOTOS) Florence might be known for its spectacular renaissance architecture, the Duomo cathedral and those juicy Medicis, but when the sun goes down, a bustling club culture keeps the city running on ethanol fumes.
Amanresorts In Laos (VIDEO) Amantaka is a wonderful distillation of everything there is to love about Luang Prabang, especially the city's delectable atmosphere of monastic calm. Created from a former French colonial hospital, the low-rise 24-suite complex is located close to the Mekong and the Royal Palace and is fronted by an immaculate lawn dotted with flame trees.
Oyster's Guide To Little Italys Across The U.S. (PHOTOS) Manhattan's Little Italy may be the best known, but old-world enclaves bursting with Italian culture can be found across the country.
London London is full of places where you can sit down and have a little savory something at any time of day, but too many of them are outlets of national chains. These are certainly a step up from the international burger chains, but our most delicious and relaxing afternoon mouthfuls have been at all-day restaurants that belong to smaller London-only groups with but a few locations each.
Obama, Romney Might Be The Most Traveled Men In America (PHOTOS) Seems like nobody can get enough of President Obama and former Governor Romney taking to the skies as, everywhere you turn
World's Most Over-The-Top Hotel Suites (PHOTOS) Believe it or not, luxury hotels can't build suites fast enough to keep up with skyrocketing demand. As a growing international elite takes the lid off luxury, Christian L. Wright checks into some extraordinary rooms for a taste of the really good life.
Oyster Stats In our new series, Oyster Stats, we're sharing surprising tidbits on a range of topics using data we've accumulated from our hotel coverage and site traffic. Check out our latest find
My Week In Delhi I spent seven days in Delhi and what a wonderful introduction to India it was. As I start the next part of my journey in Mumbai, I wanted to reflect on the first week of my Eisenhower Fellowship.
Welcome To Vancouver How could a city often cited as one of the world's prettiest and most livable be such a black hole of boring?
Diving Cozumel's Least Visited, Most Exhilarating Sites (PHOTOS) The best way to go down the Devil's Throat is to plunge in head first. You may hesitate at first because you are essentially falling into a deep, dark, narrow hole, but soon you realize that you can't afford to panic and the only option left is to enjoy the ride.
Palmdale, Florida In Palmdale, Fla., alligators outnumber humans by more than 100 to 1.
Vacationing In Costa Rica's 'Blue Zone' Can a vacation help you live longer? Maybe if you choose to visit one of the world's Blue Zones.
5 Adventures Perfect For Fall (PHOTOS) Each of these fall travel adventures selected by the ShermansTravel team is bound to give you a one-of-a-kind perspective on the bold waves of crimson, fiery-orange and golden hues that sweep the country at this time of year.
Will There Be Snow? 2012-2013 Ski Season Outlook Snowflakes are already flying in parts of the high country, and it's a perfect time to start planning those winter ski trips for the 2012-2013 season. It's just a month or less (!) before opening day at ski resorts like Copper Mountain in Colorado (Nov. 2) and Mammoth in California (Nov. 8)
Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta Starts October 6 (PHOTOS) Below, take a look at colorful Fiestas from years past. CORRECTION
Taj Mahal Replica Planned For Dubai Taj Arabia will be part of a larger complex called Falcon City of Wonders that will also be home to replicas of the Pyramids
Where Are The Best Public Places in San Francisco To Watch the Blue Angels During Fleet Week? And it's not easy for the pilots. They pull enough g-force (6-7 times the force of gravity) to knock an untrained/unconditioned
Beatles Travel October 5 marks the 50th anniversary of the release of \Love Me Do,\ The Beatles' first single. In honor of the Fab Four
The Coolest Looking Bridges In The World (PHOTOS) There are millions, if not billions, of bridges in the world, most of which are likely utilitarian. Yet some engineers take
Airline Passengers Using Wheelchairs To Avoid Airport Lines, NYT Reports The familiar drudgery was under way along the security line at Kennedy International Airport on a recent afternoon. Shoes
The Most Beautiful Spas In The World (PHOTOS) A new class of international spa resorts has emerged with high-design decor and luxe amenities. Here are our picks, perfect
Hitachi Introduces Bomb-Detecting Airport Gate Prototype Airport passengers might soon face an added level of security thanks to a prototype bomb-detecting airport gate unveiled
Sen. Schumer Urges Undercover Investigation Of The TSA \u201cTraveling these days is stressful enough without having to worry about being robbed by those who are paid to keep us safe
Airlines' On-Time Records Improve In September, Up From August (PHOTOS) North American airlines posted an improved on-time performance for September, gaining more than five points compared to August's
Travel With The In-Laws Whether you and the in-laws share belly laughs or strained conversation, there are challenges to travelling together. Back
10 Things Americans Can Learn From Amsterdammers While this small country may be relatively unfamiliar to many -- who confuse its guttural language with German and tall, blonde citizens with the Danes -- there is actually a wealth of life lessons that Americans can learn from the people of the low lands. Here are my top 10. And no, none of them have to do with red lights or herbal delights.
Best Places To Visit This Fall How do you break up the long stretch of time between summer vacation and the holidays? With a fall break, of course. Autumn is a shoulder season for many destinations, which means discounted hotel rooms and cheaper airfare are easy to find.
Two Passports Two passports -- one new, the other old -- arrived in the mail the other day. The new, with its tough, blue covers and pristine, rigid pages that still resist my prying fingers is a stark contrast to the ink-stained, mud-smeared epic next to it, now punctured by the passport agency and rendered obsolete by the State Department.
10 Amazing Free Hotel Amenities Sure, you've used the standard hotel amenities that crowd the bathroom counter and dot your guest room's monogrammed pillows. But these days, miniature toiletries and stale mints just won't cut it for the pleasure-seeking traveler. Ten properties from around the country are taking their guest services to the next level, wooing visitors with everything from a personal tanning butler to free bike rentals for exploring the city.
Eating Around The World At Epcot's International Food & Wine Festival Whoever said Walt Disney World was just for kids clearly never visited during the Epcot International Food & Wine Festival.
How AA Seats Protect Your Seat And A Whole Lot More Passengers think of airline seats mostly in terms of space and comfort (most often noticing the absence of both) but the news that American Airlines has grounded eight of the Boeing 757s in its fleet after some seats shifted in flight is all about safety.
Best Travel Destinations Seen On Screen Food & Wine names the best travel destinations seen on screen.
7 Insider Tips For Enjoying Japan If you're traveling to Japan, slide right in with the culture with these seven tips.
Oyster's Guide To Gay-Friendly Travel (PHOTOS) The LGBTQIA community has its own set of travel concerns, so fortunately there are countless organizations that have established guidelines to ensure that traveling gays and lesbians are safe, welcome and happy in their travels.
Where To Eat In Boulder, Colorado Sure, you won't have any trouble finding a pair of Crocs in Boulder (they were invented here) or Phish-loving, mountain-hugging locals, but a good restaurant is a different story. Plenty of great eats abound and whittling them down to the five best is actually a challenging endeavor.
The World's Smallest Hotel Rooms (PHOTOS) If the cliches were true -- bigger was truly better and the devil resided in the details -- than the world's smallest hotel
Inns That Go Bump In The Night Ghost hunters have spent hours in cemeteries and abandoned buildings, but if there are better options for ghost dwellings, bed and breakfasts offer more luxury. The beds are comfortable, surroundings beautiful, and there are always new friends to be made.
J.K. Rowling, 'Harry Potter' Author, Not Going Into Space With Virgin Galactic That's also more than double the price of space rides that were being offered by Excalibur Almaz, a commercial aerospace
Woman Shares Vodka At Airport Security Before TSA Could Confiscate It (PHOTO) While we respect the sentiment of not letting things go to waste, turning the airport terminal into a martini brunch at 7
Hotel Los Gatos Is Great Hotel For Pets We were on a retrievers scented trail driving north to Sacramento having passed multiple signs and advertizements for cozy
A Bull Of A Time In Durham I've come to Durham for the Annual Bull Durham Blues Festival, being held at the same ballpark where they filmed Bull Durham, but right now I'm learing about Southern cooking.
Don't Knock Arthur's Day Many argue that Arthur's Day is the brainchild of the big corporation now behind Guinness-Diageo. Some say that they have created this day to make their dizzying profits go even higher. That is true. But it was and still is a brilliant idea.
Sonoma, California Wine travel is always a voyage of discovery; as much as we like to plan our trips, we sometimes like to ditch the agenda and find out the secrets that a region has to offer. A recent trip to California's Sonoma County gave us everything we have come to expect from wine country
An Urban Experience Beyond A Runners High In Berlin, sportsmen and sportswomen from all over the world thus had a great get-together on September 30 -- and so did thousands of spectators along the streets.
Who Knew Russia Was So Cool? I grew up in the Cold War and Russia was the Red Menace. So I was surprised that, on my first day in St. Petersburg, a young man and his girlfriend, perfect strangers, searched their iPhone for an address I wanted, and then walked us there.
America's Great Streets Named By American Planning Association (PHOTOS) Have a favorite street? Add it in the comments below. For the list of America's greatest streets, check out the slideshow
Best Dive Bars Across America You don't have to be down on your luck or completely broke to appreciate a good dive bar. Whether you're drawn in by the dirt cheap beer, greasy eats, eclectic clientele or jukebox jams, every city has a dive bar for you. The trick to finding the right one is to weed out the seamy cesspools from the best-kept secrets.
New Yachting Experience In New York City When I heard about a sleek and sexy new 20 million dollar yacht showing up on the Hudson River in New York City,  where you can do everything from brunch to cocktails and dinner cruises, I knew I needed to check it out
Top 4 Oktoberfests Coming To A Town Near You Oktoberfest has been carrying on for about a month now, but beer, bratwurst and polka bands aren't out of style just yet.
5 Favorite Mountain Breweries And Distilleries There is nothing finer after a long day of riding or skiing than a cold beer or a fine cocktail. Even better is something handcrafted with care and love right there next to the mountain.
18 Fabulous Beaches In Latin America (PHOTOS) Thoughts in the U.S. may be turning to pumpkins, apple cider and candy, but south of the equator, summer is just heating
'Airport 24/7' HPT
Best Travel Destinations For Stargazing A recent study estimated that 99% of the population of America and Western Europe never see a clear night sky unobscured by dust, smog and light pollution. In cities such as London, the firmament simply never darkens. Now imagine yourself reclining in a desert oasis on a clear moonless night, the air still and silent as you stare up at velvety black heavens carpeted with stars. Linger long enough, and you'll see satellites inching across the sky and glimpse shooting stars.
10 Fantastic (And Free!) Fall Travel Apps Say goodbye to summer; fall's here. We're excited for road trips, farmers' markets, fall foliage and all things Thanksgiving.
Investigation Into Airbus Landing Gear After Several Incidents After a frightening landing at JFK by an Airbus plane, an Eyewitness News investigation discovered several Airbus landing
Rome Tourists Face Fines For Snacking Perhaps Roman authorities are more concerned about their monuments lately as it's been discovered that the Colosseum is leaning
Michael O'Leary, Ryanair CEO, Says He's Underpaid, Pays Too Much In Baggage Fees But, judging from Ryanair's charity crew calendar, the flight attendants look alright to us. Regarding his paycheck, O'Leary
Spirited Renovation for W New Orleans French Quarter In addition to room renovations, new restaurant SoBou is a major part of the W French Quarter redesign. \Food is a big part
Feasting In Southwest France As Fashion Week picks up in Paris, we head south for some counterprogramming
How To See Montreal By Bike Before tumbling snowflakes turn Montreal into a sparkling winter wonderland, there's still time to explore Canada's second
Disney's Epcot Celebrates Its 30th Birthday (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Back then, Walt Disney World's second park was known as EPCOT Center -- an acronym for Experimental Prototype Community of
New Tours On The Panama Canal Railway (PHOTOS) Check out photos from the journey below. The $125 trip is bookable online. A new series of tours takes visitors to Central
7 Tips For Improving Your Next Flight There are a few things that could be adjusted to make the trip moderately more enjoyable, and none of them require the airline doing a blessed thing. It's just a question of some additional personal responsibility.
Swimming With Whale Sharks In Mexico Not many people know that you can have an amazing ocean adventure just one hour out of Cancun, Mexico.
Flying Dry In spite of all the stated rules for \liquids, gels, creams and similar substances\ published by the TSA, the actual implementation of these rules will vary dramatically from airport to airport throughout the US and abroad.
Top Tips For Picking The Right Cruise Stateroom The average hotel room in the United States measures 300 square feet; in contrast, the average cruise cabin measures about 175 square feet. It's what you get for that space that's important.
What The TSA's iPad Theft Problem Really Means (VIDEO) You'd think the TSA would do something about the wave of iPad thefts reported this spring. But instead, it has apparently done nothing. And the problem may be far bigger than a recent investigation suggests.
Airplane Takeoff 11:56AM EST October 1. 2012 - Question
Can't Miss Austin Whether you're a visitor, new Austinite or long-time resident, here are some things you shouldn't miss this fall if you want to have a drink or be entertained, get out in the great outdoors or eat something wondrous.
Woodstock Film Festival Stays True To Its Roots Now in its 13th year, Woodstock Film Festival (WFF) has become the foremost regional scene for independent films. Indiewire named WFF one of the top 50 festivals in the world. Here's how to see it.
Eat Well Global For me, few things evoke far-away places and exotic locales better than local produce. The bright colors, strange shapes and funky textures are like a physical manifestation of the many miles you've traveled from home. Plus, you can indulge in the native fruits and vegetables of your destination with minimal guilt -- good news for the health conscious traveler.
Booking Code-Share Flights When booking international flights online, I increasingly find that the airline selling the fare isn't the airline actually flying the route. For example, I'll search for a flight on Orbitz.com and see that the lowest fare is sold by Lufthansa but the flight is flown by United. How can we avoid this situation and why do airlines do this in the first place?
Yellowstone National Park Lives Up To Its Reputation (PHOTOS) In two days you can not even scratch the surface, but with just that limited time, Yellowstone National Park has made it to the very top of my list.
The Best Boutique Hotels In Dublin (PHOTOS) Dublin charms visitors with its small town feel, Georgian architecture, and hopping pubs.
Oyster's Guide To Spain In 6 Days (PHOTOS) Europe is a lifetime must-see and Spain is one of its most diverse and fascinating countries. So how do you possibly see all it has to offer during a week-long vacay? We've got it all figured out.
How To Travel Like James Bond (PHOTOS) Travelers can enjoy the sights, but they do well to avoid the stunts.
The Great American Passport Myth We know that fewer and fewer respond to facts nowadays -- even fact checkers have biases -- but the facts are that of the 311 million U.S. residents, there are over 109 million valid U.S. passports in circulation.
Five Ways To Get More Travel From Your Small Budget When I'm graced with the opportunity to visit somewhere really unique or exotic, I often have to find ways to get around and things to do that are low-cost.
Hidden Gems Bypass the well beaten paths of New South Wales and Queensland and head to the island state of Tasmania.
Where To Go On Honeymoon If you're looking for the perfect romantic escape, let U.S. News Travel's 2012-2013 Best Honeymoons rankings help.
Your Favorite Vacation Photos From Summer 2012 (PHOTOS) [View the widget on SlideChute] Now that summer is officially over and it's starting to get brisk outside, we thought it
TSA 'All-Stop' Drill At Phoenix's Sky Harbor Airport At Phoenix, Arizona's airport, WITHIN the \secured\ area of the gates, I suddenly found myself in a bunch of travelers who
For World Rabies Day, Learn To Be Safe While Traveling The Rabies virus exists in the animal populations of almost every country in the world.
Fall Travel Before hitting the ground strolling, I wanted to see what all the fuss was about at the Walkway Over The Hudson, a 3-year-old project that is now the longest elevated pedestrian park in the world.
Dying For A $160k Satay Beehoon Recipe With less than three months to live, a street food legend reluctantly offers his recipe for sale.
More Than Just Amazing Alpine Landscapes The Dolomite culture has created several notable products that are as unique as the people who have produced them for centuries.
Is Bali A Lost Cause? Unfortunately, enjoying Bali is easier vowed than done.
6 Quirky Things To Do In Seattle When I tell people I'm from the Seattle area their first reaction is inevitably, \Ah, Starbucks,\ or, \Isn't that where that really tall building is? The needle?\
Exploring The Yucatan In Cancun And Chichen Itza The Mayans read the sky with great accuracy and the dimensions of the pyramid represent the days of the year and the movement of the planet around the sun.
Bike Tickets Abroad What can you expect to pay if you get accused of pedaling through a red light? The answers are sometimes surprising and sometimes ambiguous.
Eye-Catching Airplane Art (PHOTOS) Planes are not usually the most visually distinct modes of transportation -- most of them sport the airline's logo and nothing else.
A Fall Getaway In Nova Scotia's Wine Country (PHOTOS) Stretching along the Bay of Fundy from Windsor to Digby, the Annapolis Valley is a patchwork of picture-perfect farmland, charming little towns and vineyards.
Why We Love the Window Seat, Part 2 (Photos) If you liked our first window seat gallery, check out our second installment of stunning window seat photos here:
Bilbao's Surprising Appeal (PHOTOS) You can get a good lay of the land with the Artxanda funicular, across the river and just upstream from the Guggenheim.
The French Riviera Isn't Just for Billionaires The Oligarch's Riviera, a constellation of playgrounds for billionaires and fantasists, does exist, but it is not the whole story.
A Hungry Walk Up The Amazon (PHOTOS) I had begun to see animals in the forest as the locals did. Rather than watching exotic beasts that needed to be preserved, I saw food.
Hotels That Hosted Celebrity Meltdowns (PHOTOS) Trashed suites, accosted employees, terrified hookers -- plenty of celebrities have left quite a wake behind them in some of the ritziest hotels in the country.
Chicago Our Meatpacking District is the real deal
JFK Terminal 4 Evacuated After Grenade Found In Passenger's Bag The passenger, who had flown in from Tel Aviv via Moscow, told authorities that the grenade was inert, but the Terminal was
What Became Of A Mayan Village instead of pyramids scattered around the mile-and-a-half-long site you'll find hotels poking through the mangroves -- five of them, with over 2,700 rooms -- and instead of a ceremonial hut there's a convention center. Also a disco.
Travel As Frustration, Frustration As Freedom Travel is so much more than an external journey. It is primarily an internal one. A journey to the center of our souls.
Forget Sushi Sushi--a term that actually refers to the specially prepared rice, not the fish itself--is definitely an important and iconic part of Japanese cuisine. But it's only the tip of the iceberg.
10 Great Fall Festivals As soon as the air turns crisp, we can hardly wait to pull on a sweater and celebrate the new season at an outdoor festival. The country's biggest Oktoberfest and the 48th annual National Apple Harvest Festival were shoo-ins for this roundup of 10 fall festivals. But we also tracked down some quirkier fests worth the trip, including one where 1,500 sheep parade down a Sun Valley main street.
Making My Way Through France, One Fake Pregnancy At A Time When not busy making fun of French people speaking French, I'm devoting considerable energy to making fun of them speaking English. There is no question that this is entirely in an effort to make myself feel better about my own meager French skills, but that doesn't make it any less entertaining.
NYC The summer just officially ended. But the weather is still great. Let's pretend it's still summer on Pier 84 at West 44th St. in Manhattan.
Cruise Review We are among eight Americans aboard le Boreal as it sets sail on a 11-day, late summer cruise from Boston Harbor en route to Montreal. Of the 192 passengers on board, another handful or two are English-speaking, from the U.K., Australia and Canada. But the complexion of the ship is decidedly French -- not only because of the predominance of French-speaking passengers (from France, Switzerland and Belgium) but in terms of ambiance and style as well.
Ask Airfarewatchdog It's beginning to look like an American/US Airways merger is all but inevitable. Here's what you need to know, along with other \Ask Airfarewatchdog\ questions -- and answers.
Airlines With The Most Distance Flown (PHOTOS) With all the airlines and aircraft that are in the sky at any given time, it seems impossible to fathom just how far they've
Monica Nassif Loves Minneapolis Not only was the lake gorgeous, but there were people everywhere -- walking, running, skating, cross-country skiing, playing hockey, chasing dogs -- ignoring the cold. I was smitten. I had found my people.
Middle Of The World Park In Ecuador Not, In Fact, At Middle Of The World Administrators told The Times that the monument that sits along the yellow line was deliberately put in a different place
Cairo's Egyptian Museum After The Looting One of the most memorable images of the revolution in Egypt was local citizens forming a human chain to protect the Egyptian Antiquities Museum on Tahrir Square. Sadly, this followed reports that the museum had been ransacked and looted. What happened during those tumultuous days inside the museum -- and how is the museum doing today, 21 months later?
How Do You Manage a Steady Job and Travel? I think there might be two separate aspects to your question
Amazing Fall Destinations In The U.S. (PHOTOS) September 22 marked the first official day of fall and, in case you had any doubt that the season has changed, take a look outside at the fall colors. With peak fall foliage season already underway, now is the time to get out and explore some of the stunning vistas and activities that autumn has to offer.
Autumn Comes To The Rust Belt As autumn sets in to the Rust Belt, I'm always reminded of the lines written by James Wright, a poet, who was raised around the factories in Martins Ferry, Ohio. Yes, many of the mills are long gone, but the ritual is largely the same.
Explore America News broke recently that a third movie called \Before Midnight\ in the \Before Sunrise\ franchise recently wrapped in Greece to the delight of many worldwide who wondered if we would ever see more of those characters played by Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy.
The Voyage Of The Cormorant Academically at least, I knew how Cormorant was meant to work, but in truth I had only ever sailed in a dinghy once or twice before, 25 years earlier. I had never rowed a boat either, so launching through the surf on my first outing may not have been the best idea. But June 4, 2007, was a gentle, warm day with little waves, and I wanted to establish my right to access the ocean just down the street from my house.
Stunning Loft Rentals For The Creative Jet Set (PHOTOS) Lofts had their beginnings in mid-19th century Paris, where artists worked in large-windowed, sun-drenched studios.
A Banyan Tree And Thomas Edison's Legacy Grow In Fort Myers A visit to the estates of Thomas Edison and Henry Ford reveals a different side of Florida.
Panama City's Abandoned, Diabolic Buses (PHOTOS) Art museums used to pale in comparison to the parade on the street.
Calling All Leaf Peepers! Gear Up For Unforgettable Fall Travel Join me as I take you on a virtual tour of the east coast from the south to the north, to check out my favorite fall foliage spots along the way!
Leaf Peeping From The Porch (PHOTOS) You know it's coming, but every year it still feels like a colorful surprise. As you walk outside your door, you're stopped in your tracks by an explosion of brilliant auburns, tangerines and golds.
United Airlines' 787 Dreamliner Assembled In Time-Lapse (VIDEO) A new, enchanting time-lapse video shows the process of assembling and painting a United 787. The carrier is the first to
Get Artsy In Edmonton (VIDEO) Known as one of the cultural capitals of Canada, the thriving city of Edmonton has this eclectic artsy vibe that makes it a fascinating yet still affordable place to visit.
Bulletproof Luxury Behind soundproof, bullet-resistant glass, a private entrance and a closed-captioned security system, the Royal Suite at The Four Seasons Washington is as beautiful as it is functional.
10 Ways To Face Your Fears Next Vacation We're all afraid of something -- and with good reason. Sharks bite. When you climb high you can fall. Speeding sometimes ends with a crash.
The Best Way To Visit The Ledge At Chicago's Willis Tower One of the best sights from 1,353 feet in the air is watching the sunset and the lights slowly start to glow throughout the city.
Why Now Is The Time To See The Northern Lights (PHOTOS) Though the beginning of the school year and the resurgence of work may tempt desk-bound travelers to dream of sunny escapes
Accommodations And A Whole Lot More I've stayed nine times in the private homes of Airbnb hosts and in fact have become an Airbnb host myself. I could go on and on about why I love calling someone else's place my home for a night or two, but let these stories of a few of my actual experiences tell the tale.
Is The TSA Taking Us Closer To A 'Papers Please' Society (POLL) America is edging closer to a \papers please\ society, at least when it comes to travel. Where's the evidence? Just visit Arizona.
Airlines That Have Carried The Most Passengers (PHOTOS) Love 'em or hate 'em, there's no denying our dependence on airlines. We've seen the best airlines in the world, the best
Tattoos Hornets Fire Tattoos Hornets Fire
Fall On California's Coast New England may be the epicenter of fall travel, but California can also get very colorful.
The 'Right' Way To Travel It's time to come clean. I was once an intrepider than thou traveler. I once believed that the less money you paid for your night's accommodation, the cooler you were -- and the key travel aspiration was to never encounter another tourist or eat anything recognizable
Toronto With Kids I feel very fortunate to have been born and raised in Toronto. And with so many things to do in Toronto with kids, I feel very fortunate to be able to raise my children here too.
A Scenic Bike Ride Through Brooklyn We ride past a group of buildings in the massive Brooklyn Navy Yard, spread out over 300 waterfront acres.  Felipe speaks to us through his walkie-talkie. \Ready to go to the farm?\
Why Check Your Bags When You Can Ship Them? Delta etc
Great American Factory Tours (PHOTOS) Whether you've watched Americans make potato chips or Mack Trucks -- you'll come away with a greater appreciation for the businesses and objects our countrymen are capable of building.
Fake Pilot Arrested At Turin Airport (VIDEO) Filippo Vanni, Turin police spokesman, told reporters that the impression was impressive. An unidentified Italian man was
The Las Vegas Neon Museum Shines Even Brighter (PHOTOS) Whenever I land at the airport, I try to think about what this place must look like to a first-time visitor \u2013- it\u2019s got to
London's Pubs England has a long history of crazed and unruly sports fans. So it's no wonder that the pubs in London have gotten used to accommodating rambunctious crowds. Whether you're in the mood for football or rugby, grab a pint and celebrate a victory with the locals at these top London sports pubs.
10 Spooky Places To Visit In The U.S. (PHOTOS) In honor of those looking for something really spooky this All Hallows' Eve, the Fly.com team is sharing some of its favorite haunted locations from our own travels within the U.S.
Explore America I don't know where I've been, but I only just recently watched 1995's \Before Sunrise\ and thanks to Netflix's speedy delivery, eagerly saw the 2004 sequel \Before Sunset\ for the first time. My mind has been in a reverie ever since. We have so few nice surprises in life, that it's thrilling to discover a new movie or song, even if it's old to others and these movies delivered on both.
Chasing A Dream Around The World Betsy and Warren Talbot always dreamed of traveling. But like most people, life got in the way. They were both moving up in their successful careers, living in the suburbs and accumulating cars, a house and stuff to fill it with. Then, everything changed.
Visiting The World's Biggest Buildings (PHOTOS) As architects strive to outdo each other and new cities and structures command recognition, the new motto becomes clear
Crossing The World's Most Dangerous Borders (PHOTOS) In America, we hear a lot about \The Border,\ the line of barbed wire and desert separating Mexico from Texas, New Mexico
The Countries With The Most Airports (PHOTOS) Generally speaking, most of us are only familiar with a couple of airports in any given country -- chiefly those in capital
The Czech Republic's Glass Legacy The centerpiece exhibits here are the deceptively simple cast-glass works of the master artist couple Stanislav Libensky and Jaroslava Brychtova.
Christmas Markets In The U.S. (PHOTOS) Check out the list below, and add your favorites! The German Christmas market is perhaps one of the most beloved of global
The Man Who Would Save The King Of The Jungle Time is running out for Africa's iconic animal -- along with other big cats of the world like snow leopards, tigers, cheetahs and jaguars.
5 Luxe Destination Wedding Escapes (PHOTOS) Hotels these days are making it easier than ever to do both, that is, honeymoon and wed at the very same location.
Healthy And Vegan New York Eats, Part 1 New York City, The Big Apple, The City That Never Sleeps. So many monikers for this world-famous metropolis. One of the greatest cities in the world, a hub for business, entertainment and, best of all, food!
World's Best Wine Resorts (PHOTOS) L'And Vineyards, located in Portugal's Alentejo region, opened last spring right around the time its very first vintage hit the market.
Norway Norway is a spectacularly green and sparsely populated country (the second least populated in all of Europe) with about 5 million folks living here -- roughly the same as the Greater Boston Metropolitan area.
Visiting The World's Remotest Airports (PHOTOS) The world may be wrapped in a net of air routes, but there are still vast empty spaces between hubs. Whether tropical or
Newfoundland Diaries Regular vegetables don't grow in Newfoundland. You won't find locally grown tomatoes or sweet corn. You won't find acres of alfalfa or soybeans. Orchards of cherry and peach trees do not cloak these rocky hillsides. You will, however, find \ditch gardens\ along the roadside surrounded by makeshift fences. What Newfoundland has in abundance, however, are wild berries.
Hotel Suites Good Enough For The President (PHOTOS) The commander-in-chief checks in and out of rooms across the globe, but only a few stateside properties have made the White House staff repeat customers -- check out these 13 hotels fit for a president.
How to Be Successful in the Right Way I certainly understood that Mr. Verma was held in high esteem in the town full of accomplished artists, not simply because of his artistic accomplishments, but also because he had never wavered from his vision of self-respect and dignity. This is success earned in the right way.
Supermodel Maggie Rizer Claims United Airlines Killed Her Dog United Airlines did not respond to Rizer's claim that the airline had \called our veterinarian and fabricated a story about
The Top 10 Fashion Hotels (PHOTOS) From designer shopping in London to personal stylist services in Singapore, these hotels are ideally situated to offer fashionista's the best shopping these cities have to offer.
Saying \Aloha\ To Off-Season Savings In Hawaii (INFOGRAPHIC) We're letting you in on this secret because Fall is a great time to escape to endless summer.
Inside The Favelas, New Book, Explores Life And Death In Rio De Janeiro's Slums (PHOTOS) A forward from the governor of the state of Rio de Janeiro, Sergio Cabral Filho, sets the tone for the book
The World's Oldest Amusement Parks (PHOTOS) Check out the list in the slideshow below. We make it our business to know the latest and greatest in the theme park world
Where Did The Real (Smoking) Europe Go? Country by country, Western Europe has gone green and tossed out the cigarettes from restaurants and bars. They have been replaced by fishbowl rooms in airports where the politically incorrect can be seen going puff, puff, puff on their outdated coffin nails now that Europe is politically correct and so green that they make the United States look like Agent Orange.
Hidden Gems There are plenty of ways to get around in Sydney, but for the best views of the city nothing beats seeing Sydney by the air in a seaplane.
How To Stand Up Paddle Board (VIDEO) Hanalei Bay is a massive cove on the North side of the Hawaiian island of Kauai, well known for surfing in the wintertime.
Geneva's Top Hotels (PHOTOS) Many travelers overlook elegant Geneva when planning a trip to Europe, but the city is well worth a visit.
The Songs Of Nova Scotia (PHOTOS) All day long, all over town, strollers hear the strains of Blues, Bluegrass, folk tunes  -- Acadian, Celtic, Cajun, Quebecquois -- passed down through generations and mingled with new melodies.
Past Is Prelude In Japan On my last day in the city, I watched a businessman approach a shrine, waft incense smoke from a pot into his nostrils and then continue on to work, his leather briefcase in hand.
7 Must-Have Apps For Travel Planning a hassle-free trip for one? You're not alone. To that end, I've rounded up seven apps that always come in handy when I'm in a new town or city and looking for fresh seafood or a ride to my cozy hotel room where I'm bound to be watching trash TV and ordering some delicious room service.
Inside The Presidential Candidates' Campaign Hotels (PHOTOS) Election season is heating up and the two have been on the campaign trail for months, spending night after night on the road in hotels across the country.
A Weekend In Enchanting Santa Fe I witness a spectacular show on the ride from the airport, a distant storm pouncing on the terrain, blowing dust and fueling lightning strikes.
American Airlines Flight Attendants' Fight Causes Extended Delay Witnesses told NBC 4 in Washington that the fight began because one flight attendant was on her phone. The other announced
12 Ways To Keep Your Cruise Budget Afloat Cruising is one of the best vacation values going. But if you're not careful, you can easily spend more for onboard extras than you did on the cruise fare. The key to avoiding a bank-breaking bill is knowing what to expect.
America's Best Family Road Trips (PHOTOS) A look at a few of America's best family-friendly road trips.
What Is The Melbourne Festival? An Insider's Guide To Melbourne's Biggest Cultural Event The Melbourne Festival is a 17-day, multi-venue exploration of visual and performing arts held each October in Australia's cultural capital. It's Melbourne's preeminent yearly cultural event, showcasing theatre, music, film, dance, visual art and more -- and it's every bit as ambitious, audacious and sprawling as one could expect.
Iceland Time-Lapse Video, 'ICELANDIA,' Will Make You Wish You Were In Iceland (VIDEO) WATCH THE VIDEO ABOVE In the description accompanying the video, Urquhart writes
New Macau Resort Opened By Casino Mogul Adelson MACAU, September 20 (Reuters) - U.S. billionaire Sheldon Adelson opened his latest resort in Macau on Thursday, adding to
America's Most Striking National Monuments (PHOTOS) Earlier this week President Obama created America's newest National Monument, Colorado's Chimney Rock, which supporters of
Toronto's Lights Are Brightest Downtown As the chopper returns, you'll get gorgeous views of the Toronto Islands, the largest urban car-free community in North America and perhaps Toronto's best geographical treasure.
Shoulder Season Brings Deep Discounts Fares to Europe drop substantially during the shoulder season. To save even more, travel to Eastern and Central European countries not on the euro.
The Flavorful Culture Of Thailand From tangy salads to rich, hearty soups and delectable curries, I enjoyed three cooking classes.
Which Airline Has Made The Biggest Comeback? (PHOTOS) Why do so many airlines, lifted with initial promise and hope, end up shuttered or absorbed on the ground? Sometimes it is bad luck or timing, politics or bad business decisions. However it begins, when an airline starts its descent, it is difficult to lift the nose and wheel the clouds again. This airline, though, is different.
The World's Best Airport Amenities For most travellers - particularly frequent fliers - airports are a necessary evil; places at which to arrive as late as
World's Weirdest Museums (PHOTOS) There are very few things, it seems, that don't have museums dedicated to them these days. The history of torture in museum
Adventure Of A Lifetime After being fitted for wetsuits, personal flotation devices and helmets, we walk down a dirt path to the ocean. \Everyone ready?\ the guide asks.  \Just remember to stay on the barnacles. The rocks are slippery but the barnacles are your friends.\ I tighten the shoelaces on my sneakers and follow the others down the slippery rocks.
Amsterdam's Diverse Nightlife But before you go get yourself lost along the maze of Amsterdam's waterways, make sure you read this first. We at Party Earth want to help you discover all that Amsterdam has to offer, so here's our compilation of essential places to visit during your weekend in the Dutch party capital.
The Thin Line Between Life And Death, Running A River In Ladakh, Kashmir (PHOTOS) Walking down a vacant road on the way to Padum, capital of the ancient kingdom of Zanskar, about five kilometers off the river, I pass a Tibetan monk with his distinctive red kasaya wrapped obliquely about his shoulders. He stops, and in halting English asks my age. When I tell him, he looks me in the eyes and says, \Ah, you have short life left.\ It's a daunting thought.
8 Nuclear Test Sites To Visit (PHOTOS) Kazakhstan may not have much of a reputation as a tourist destination, but with the removal this year of most the country's
A Night At The Museum Long gone are the days when a hotel could get by with a random smattering of thoughtless watercolors.
Oyster.com's Guide To Nude Hotels (PHOTOS) When a reader wrote in looking for an unbuttoned getaway, we had some nude vacation answers.
Dan Murph Loves Bowling Green, Kentucky Our town is a testing city for various national restaurants, so we have more dining selections than many small cities twice our size.
5 Amazing Mongolian Experiences (PHOTOS) In the far reaches of western Mongolia in the Altai mountain range, the nomadic Kazakhs depend on golden eagles to hunt wildlife for sustenance.
White House Releases Progress Report On Travel Industry Improvements \You're looking at an industry sector that is adding jobs at a faster pace than any other sector out there,\ Freeman added
World's Ugliest Commercial Airplanes (PHOTOS) The 787 these aircraft most certainly are not. While military planes have an excuse for their utilitarian looks, civilian
Moscow's Modern Face (PHOTOS) Money propagates the inevitable and unnecessary pretentiousness you find in the club scene.
Ryanair Facing Investigation After Emergency Landings In Spain This spring, Ryanair introduced some inventive cost-cutting measures to save fuel including printing the in-flight magazine
Animal Hotel Hosts Make Visitors Feel At Home (PHOTOS) Whether furry, finned or feathered, these innovative hotels' adorable ambassadors are sure to capture your heart and get you through any pet separation anxiety.
The Best Road Trips From Phoenix (PHOTOS) With a host of museums and galleries, top-notch Tex-Mex cuisine and cactus-dotted landscape, Arizona's state capital is one of the most unique metropolises in the country. Here's what to see nearby once you've explored all that Phoenix has to offer.
Touring Vancouver VitaminDaily.com's Toronto contributor Kat Tancock spent a whirlwind weekend in Vancouver, and her of-the-minute itinerary is fit for visitors and locals alike.
Where Kids Can Learn To Love Music Tanglewood, the summer home of the Boston Symphony Orchestra, makes it incredibly easy to introduce even young children to the joys of music.
Exploring Singapore's Caf\u00e9 Culture In 24 Hours While most people spend their layover in Singapore scrambling to hit well-known hawker stands, I chose to sip lattes and gnash on gourmet vegetarian cuisine at some of the city's coolest caf\u00e9s.
Volunteer Tourism With 50 years of combined tourism experience between myself and my partner and mother Marcia Gordon, we have seen many examples of ways that travelers to Africa can engage with the communities where they are traveling. Some were amazing and inspirational, some that left something to be desired in management or organization and some that were downright corrupt or damaging to the community. Here's a first-hand example.
The 10 Weirdest Hotel Amenities In The World (PHOTOS) Every hotel is fighting to get the edge in the hospitality wars and, for many hoteliers, the memorable amenity is the weapon
America's Dirtiest Cities (PHOTOS) Atlanta moved up a full four spots in the ranking of dirtiest cities from the previous year's survey. Hopefully the smoking ban will help reverse the trend.
A Brief Meeting With Prince Harry In The Bahamas I was blinded by camera pops as I followed the prince past the pink sand the he couldn't see and through the mass of swirling humanity. The drunken bar patrons shouted and waved.
Savvy Traveler The ultimate travel accessory? More than a hardcase Tumi carry-on or sleek leather passport holder, it's an at-least elementary grasp of your destination's native tongue. From reading menus to asking directions, dealing with local transportation -- and not getting taken for a ride -- familiarizing yourself with the lingua franca might just be the singlemost important thing you can do to improve your travel experience.
Vail's Culinary Culture Luckily, the talented chefs in Vail are taking advantage of the delicious produce by creating innovative dishes that they are showcasing at their restaurants.
5 Artist Studios Turned Museums In Paris Tired of long lines at the Louvre?
Ciudad Valdeluz, Abandoned Town In Spain, Sits Nearly Empty (PHOTOS) Much like the abandoned Ciudad Real International airport, Ciudad Valdeluz also sits nearly abandoned in central Spain. Valdeluz
Luxury Travel Misses The Point If you are unable to detach yourself from your wealth, your comfort and your entitlement for even a few days, then please just stay at home.
Eat Well Thailand In the past, Bangkok may have been more well-known to the hedonistic traveler than the healthy one, but this exotic and legendary locale has a ton to offer those looking to stay energized on the road.
Land of Enchantment SANTA FE, New Mexico - I can smell the pi\u00f1on-infused air when I arrive. I have a spectacular show on the ride from the airport
Disneyland Travel It's no secret which movies served as inspiration for Disneyland rides like Dumbo the Flying Elephant or Snow White's Scary
3 Amazing Ski Tours In The Dolomites With over 746 miles of prepared pistes, these tours offer terrain for skiers of every skill level.
An Insider's Guide To Key West Here are some suggestions for finding the \real\ Key West experience.
iPhone 5 From its mind-boggling array of useful apps to a camera that now ranks as most popular on the photo sharing site Flickr, the
The World's Ugliest Skyscrapers (PHOTOS) They spark our wanderlust, they inspire citizens and, occasionally, they stand as monuments to human ingenuity. But oftentimes
Inns With Fabulous Honeymoon Packages Create the distinctive destination or adventure honeymoon of your dreams, then relax and enjoy marital bliss at one of these inns offering affordable packages.
Is The TSA Its Own Worst Enemy? (VIDEO) You don't have to read the 59-page congressional report on the Transportation Security Administration's shortcomings, released on the 11th anniversary of 9/11, to conclude the agency has \become its own worst enemy.\ Just pay attention to the news.
Antietam Tells The Story Of America's Bloodiest Day It would be hard to imagine a more aesthetically appealing battlefield than Antietam
Emergency Inspections Recommended For Dreamliner Engines Even as I was grumbling about the seat pitch on the Japan Airlines Dreamliner where I was otherwise enjoyably ensconced in row 48 for 13 hours on Tuesday, the National Transportation Safety Board was poised to ask the Federal Aviation Administration to order emergency inspections of all the General Electric GEnx-1B and -2B engines powering the Dreamliner and the newest Queen of the Sky, the Boeing 747-800.
What Does A $17,000,000 Buffet Taste Like? The newly opened Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars Palace offers a feast that boasts more than 500 options and may well take the ongoing battle of Las Vegas buffets to a new level.
Visiting 'Survivor' In The Philippines (PHOTOS) Thanks to hovering helicopters, 24-hour security and threats of arrest, local boat drivers refused to take anyone anywhere near the island where much of \Survivor 25
5 Outrageous Honeymoon Suites (PHOTOS) When the last sparkler has gone out, the wedding's over. For most people anyway. For the bride and groom it may just be beginning.
Embraced In Agra, Home Of The Taj Mahal \It doesn't matter for the local people -- it's all Agra for them. But we were worried about you.\
3 iPhone Apps To Make Layovers Healthy Layovers don't have to be sodium-packed, fat-saturated snack-fests, though they can easily devolve.
Exploring The World's Eeriest Shipwrecks (PHOTOS) After Hurricane Isaac uncovered a shipwreck apparently hidden beneath the sands of an Alabama beach, curious locals learned
5 High-Tech Hotel Features For Business Travelers (PHOTOS) Road warriors, rejoice
Bacon Barter HPT
24 Hours In Trinidad (PHOTOS) I sit in the rocking chair of their cool veranda and we chat about the crazy street scene.
Is Berlin The World's Rudest City? (PHOTOS) Earlier this year, an international poll conducted by Skyscanner determined that travelers have the worst opinion of Parisians
Are Travelers Safe In The Middle East? If history is any indication, travel will almost certainly flatline. Americans are concerned about being targeted abroad. Totally understandable.
Where To Eat In Los Angeles (VIDEO) Travel + Leisure editors Nilou Motamed and Sarah Spagnolo spotlight four of the best places to eat in L.A.
Can high speed rail compete with self-driven cars, improved airlines and all the technology of the future? Telepresence None of these future technologies outlined here are certain to pan out as predicted -- but it's a very bad bet
Picking The Perfect Disney Resort For You (PHOTOS) We've done some digging into Disney's digs and have found the resorts that'll best suit all types of Disney-bound fanatics. Whether you're planning a girls' getaway or a family vacation, Disney World can be just the spot to relax, reconnect -- and most importantly -- have the time of your life.
Something Special In The Air Take note
Great Farm Stays Around The World A 4,200-acre estate in the foothills of the Smoky Mountains, Blackberry Farm is the perfect blend of epicurean indulgence and bucolic bliss.
7 Destinations For 'Fifty Shades Of Grey' Fans (PHOTOS) Whether you loved \Fifty Shades,\ hated it or are still scratching your head about what all the fuss was about, the locations from the book are undeniably great.
TSA Confiscates Gun From Carry On At Washington, D.C.'s Ronald Reagan Airport A man was caught attempting to bring a gun onto a plane at Washington, D.C.'s Ronald Reagan National Airport Friday, reports
World's Most Dangerous Beaches (PHOTOS) Rip Currents, killer jellyfish, rampant pollution and baby-eating dingoes; there are a lot of dangers facing beach goers
Vintage Postcards From Around The World (PHOTOS) Feast your eyes on the beauty that is the postcard. While some are wary that the GIF will replace the ever-pretty postcard
Spreepark Berlin Sits Abandoned 11 Years After Closing (PHOTOS) Spreepark, formerly Kulturpark Pl\u00e4nterwald, opened in 1969 as a roughly 73-acre entertainment park in what was then East
International Tourism To Hit One Billion By The End Of The Year Though international arrivals were up across all regions, Asia and the Pacific led the pack with an eight percent growth
Hidden Italian Cities The doors of the little shops are always open and I got a glimpse of the gnarled hands of the fisherman while mending the
Guide To Willamette Valley Wine Country (PHOTOS) The northern portion of Oregon's Willamette Valley is only an hour's drive from Portland, the state's largest city, but the 5,200 square mile swatch of wine country seems a world apart in its unhurried, scenic way.
How To Deal With Summer Travel Debt If you find yourself with debt left over from travel, here are five tips for how to get out of it -- and avoid the same problem next summer.
Favorite Foodie Getaways (VIDEO) Get a taste of Travel + Leisure editors' favorite foodie getaways in America and Europe.
The World's Indoor Skiing Destinations (PHOTOS) In locations where the climate is uncooperative or the topography leaves something to be desired, there are still ways you can get your skiing fix.
London Airport London is currently locked in a heated debate over whether or not to add a third runway to the already strained Heathrow
Riding The 'Death Road' Into Small Town Bolivia (PHOTOS) For a crash course on Bolivia, start in the one-million-person capital of La Paz, ride the cliffs along the Death Road then land in the jungle town of Corioco.
The Best Hotels To Om Hotels sometimes come equipped with the best fitness spaces you'll find anywhere, yoga mats included, and we've picked out our favorite hotels where finding your inner peace is made just a tad easier.
The Pre-Flight Passenger Video Airlines Should Show (VIDEO) I've always thought that right before the safety demo, airlines should do a courtesy demo. Wouldn't it make air travel better for everyone?
20 Places For Wine Tasting Where You Can Spend The Night (PHOTOS) 'Tis the season to slip on a sweater, tour wine country and taste just-released reds and whites. To help guide the oenological pursuits of others, I polled a few of my fellow travel junkies on where to find the best hotels and resorts in wine country.
On The Road To Marrakech After over 30 years of traveling the globe, I have seen it all! Here's the latest from my trips around the world.
8 Affordable Hotels In Rome (PHOTOS) Visiting Rome on a budget poses some real challenges to travelers.
8 Secluded Caribbean Beaches Worth Finding Well known for party destinations like Negril and Montego Bay, dig a little deeper in Jamaica and find Treasure Beach, six
The Health Guru's NYC Dining Guide New York Fashion Week is a not-so-subtle reminder to lay off the pork belly and full-cream coffee. At least for a few days
Roadside Dinosaurs Are Far From Extinct (PHOTOS) A model in a shock wig rides a dilapidated sauropod surrounded by icicle lights, while a sad, roughshod theropod threatens to chomp down on a poor mannequin next door.
In Vermont, Seasonal Perfection If the question is fall foliage, the best answer is always Vermont.
6 B&B Wineries Uncorking Full-Bodied Fun (PHOTOS) With the arrival of fall comes the wine harvest season. So, make plans to spend a weekend at one of these six B&B wineries and raise a glass to a fantastic getaway.
5 Inca Treks Beyond Machu Picchu (PHOTOS) Only 500 people are allowed on the four-day trek to Machu Picchu each day, so if you don't get a ticket months in advance, you might be stuck drinking pisco sours in your Cuzco hotel.
Dazzling Dubai Fifty or so years ago, no one would have believed that the most lavish, luxurious, futuristic city in the world would be built, practically from scratch, surrounded by the desert.
Early Super Bowl Fare Deals For diehard fans, the question is
Wreck Beach, Vancouver's Famous Nude Beach, Seeks To Ban Peeping Toms This summer, Mazo Beach, a nude beach in Wisconsin, faced public opposition over its nude status. Apparently, the beach is
Berlin's Most Memorable Hotels (PHOTOS) From luxe suites to hipster hangouts, there is a \best\ hotel for everyone in Berlin.
When And Where To Find Fall's Most Fantastic Foliage (INFOGRAPHIC) Get going soon to catch October's glory in the northeast states, where New England earns its reputation for spectacular fall foliage.
The 10 Fastest Roads In The World (PHOTOS) Journeys may be as important as the destination but they are still made infinitely more enjoyable by speed. Going fast is
Prince William, Kate Middleton Singapore Trip Named for Sir Stamford Raffles, who founded the city of Singapore, the Colonial-style has hosted notables and dignitaries
Undiscovered Hawaii When most think of Maui, the stunning Kaanapali Beach or lush Hana Highway spring to mind. But new life flourishes in Upcountry
A Guide To Florida's Art Walks The colorful vertical lines on the facade of the Robert Fontaine Gallery in the heart of Miami's Wynwood Arts District blend smoothly with the vivid street and graffiti art characteristic of the resurgent neighborhood.
Passengers Behaving Badly On Southwest? Ask Airfarewatchdog It seems like everyone is trying to get first dibs at the overhead bins and choice seats these days...
9/11 Anniversary 2012 Acknowledging that facing the the ugliness of destruction can be difficult for children, the 9/11 Memorial has released a
Blake Lively And Ryan Reynolds' Wedding Thanks to the surprise wedding of Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds, who held their nuptials at South Carolina's Boone Hall
Ponte Milvio Love Locks Banned By Roman Authorities (PHOTOS) Couples were inspired by the 2006 Federico Moccia book \I Want You\ to decorate the bridge with love locks, according to
Amsterdam's Eye On The IJ The big news for the skyline of Amsterdam is the arrival of the new Film Museum on the Ij, nicknamed \The Eye.\
The Secret Life Of A Cruise Ship Lecturer When I get a last minute phone call to fill in for a sick shipboard lecturer, I am slightly nervous
Madagascar's Real Animal Stars (PHOTOS) So unique that ecologists refer to it as the 8th continent, this isolated wonderland has yet to become the destination it should be.
Will The Beatles Will Destroy The DPRK? How hearing The Beatles in North Korea led to an unlikely encounter.
Victoria Falls Or Not If you're a contrarian, you won't be surprised to hear that I traveled to Zambia recently and never once bothered to visit Victoria Falls.
The Direction Of The U.S. Depends On Citizens' International Experiences Recently, I had the good fortune of living beachside in Costa Rica for five months. This meant five months without watching a single political ad or hate-fueled speech. Simply put, it was five glorious months of peace and serenity. Maybe I should have stayed.
The 5 Coolest Bars In Paris (PHOTOS) Order up a drink, chat with the Parisian artist sitting next to you and watch as the bartenders break out ingredients that sound like they are being thrown into a medieval cauldron for a witch's concoction.
The Allure Of The Greater Caucasus Svaneti, the most famous and far-flung of Georgia's mountain provinces, has come to represent an idolized version of what is typically Georgian
Hidden Gems At the Sydney Opera House, early birds can actually get up onstage and conduct.
Hearst's Hideaway In Manhattan The Warwick Hotel in midtown Manhattan has a rather risqu\u00e9 past, thanks to the likes of William Randolph Hearst and his longtime girlfriend, Marion Davies.
America's Best Amusement Parks, As Picked By Amusement Today (PHOTOS) Amusement Today has announced its top picks for the\Golden Ticket Awards,\ which highlight the best of amusement parks across
America's Best College Football Towns Which of our candidates (check them out in this photo gallery) deserves to be named USA TODAY's best college football town
Lucknow, India Introduces The Past To The Future Majestic Islamic gates announce entry into another world of small lanes and decaying palaces. The Bara Imambara is an architecturally ambitious tomb of a Shiite man that incorporates a mosque and gardens.
Top 10 Houseboats And Yachts For A Memorable Getaway (PHOTOS) Want a place on the water? Like, literally on the water?
The Personality Of An Amtrak Train There is an entire genre of photography dedicated to documenting the peculiarities of Amtrak trains.
The Phelps Family's Best of London Now that the 2012 Summer Olympics are over, Michael Phelps' family shares their travel tips, highlights of their London trip and some personal photos.
How To Get To Machu Picchu (VIDEO) It looks like something out of a dream, but Machu Picchu is a product of hard labor -- an ancient city built into the clouds by hand.
Home Eleven years later, it's as visceral as ever. The sound, the smell, the fear -- it'll never leave me. But what also won't is the overwhelming feeling of pride I had in my country following the attacks.
3 British Castle Hotels For Aristocratic Travelers Koi-filled ponds create a serene setting among topiaries dating back to the 1920s. The castle has two restaurants, a tennis court, croquet lawn and an 18-hole professional putting range.
Airplanes Have Midair Collision In The Netherlands (VIDEO) A frightening collision between two light aircraft Saturday has been caught on camera. The video, from NOS, shows the Christian
The 'Third Man' Museum And Other Viennese Oddities The Third Man Museum is the life's work of Karin and Gerhard Strassgschwandtner. They have lovingly amassed a vast collection of artifacts from the film and from Vienna in 1949.
Searching For New York's Best Slice Of Pizza Trying to narrow down the best pizza in NYC is like trying to select the best apples from an orchard during U-pick season.
10 Great Roman Dishes Despite the city's imperial pedigree, Roman cuisine is the food of the people.
Nomadic Matt's 16-Step Plan To Realizing Your Dreams I have created this step-by-step process on how to turn your travel dream into reality.
TSA Keeps Woman Off Flight As Retaliation, Passenger Claims Male agent
Hidden Gems You might think the only thing you can get from a Caribbean vacation is a tan. But if you want a more meaningful experience, then try volunteering to a charitable cause while you travel.
15 Coolest Things To Do In Edmonton, Canada (VIDEO) What I love about visiting Edmonton, the capital of Alberta, is all the different things you can do year-round that are not only unique but affordable!
Flight Attendants Dish On Their Jobs 'You just know that the suit-and-tie traveler probably paid more for their ticket than the flip-flop-and-shorts-wearing flyer.'
Visiting Famous Authors' Homes (PHOTOS) Authors' homes are their castles, offices and -- more often than not -- places of pilgrimage for their fans.
Meeting Amtrak's Cross-Country Passengers The different social spaces within the train allow for personal mobility and prolonged social interactions that do not occur in other forms of transportation.
An Open Letter To Jeff Smisek, President Of United Airlines Last month, I passed the 25,000 mile mark and became a Premier Silver member on United Airlines. I expected the typical feelings of pride and self-importance that \status\ usually confers, but my feelings were tempered by the many bad experiences on United in recent months.
Flying High, Wirelessly Just because an airline says that it offers Wi-Fi does not mean that it will actually be available on your flight. While most major U.S. airlines have adopted some kind of wireless strategy, not all aircrafts have been Wi-Fi enabled. In fact only Virgin America, Alaska Airlines and Delta have deeply embraced the technology across most (if not all) of their fleets.
Healthy and Vegan Eats in Danville, CA Danville is a perfect place to slip away from the city for a meal and even take in some fun shopping, parks and museums.
Dispatch It's amazing what you pack when you have three minutes to fit your whole life in a bag. I grabbed my laptop, my passport, five t-shirts, flip flops, a swim suit, my external hard drive and my puppy. What was I forgetting? Underwear? Optional.
America Out The Train Window (PHOTOS) For long-distance travel, aerial crafts have replaced terrestrial vehicles. Consequently, we now think in terms of destinations rather than journeys.
10 Modern Holiday Rentals In Australia In the Northern Hemisphere, we may be waving a tearful goodbye to summer, but Down Under, they're greeting the beach season in all its sunny glory.
Battling Buffeting Winds To Reach Europe's Highest Peak Imagine being dressed in a down parka, ski goggles, thick gloves, plastic boots, crampons and barely being able to stand on your own two feet because 90 kph winds are attempting to blow you off the side of a 17, 000-foot ridge. In that moment, you feel as though life is unfolding at 120 frames per second.
The Difference Between Inner And Outer Mongolia (PHOTOS) After many hours in flight -- more than 22 from Boston! -- I finally arrived at the capital of Mongolia, Ulaanbaatar. To my surprise, it was a bustling, very Western looking capital with all the cars, traffic, restaurants and high-end shops one would see anywhere in the world.
Ask Airfarewatchdog Question
5 Ways To Reduce The Cost Of Your Airline Ticket To both the seasoned and occasional traveler, getting the best value in an airfare is the elusive dream that is difficult to consistently achieve. There are, however, some time-proven practices that travelers can implement to help reduce the cost of air travel.
Heaven On Earth In Hawaii Getting excited about the lack of nightlife in America's most relaxing state.
10 Reasons France Is Still Beating Us 10 reasons that France is still cooler than the U.S.
Eight Undiscovered Caribbean Beaches With countless miles of sandy shoreline, the Caribbean is a beach-lover's paradise...and everyone knows it. But if you're
Jerash, Rome's Outpost In The Gilead An optional part of the tour -- but one well worth seeing -- is a feast of sight and sound in the Hippodrome in which 45 Roman \legionnaires\ in full combat gear show off their battle tactics.
A Guide To America's Oddest 'Capitals Of The World' (PHOTOS) Washington D.C. is frequently discussed with scorn by the career politicians who spend most of the year in Georgetown brownstones
UPDATE No explosives were found. According to the Philadelphia Inquirer, Sullivan did not comment on reports that the incident arose
The Ritz-Carlton's 'The Art Of The Craft' Pulls Back The Curtain On Luxury (VIDEO) There is also some delightful weirdness thrown in
America's 10 Best Riverside Towns, According To Outside Magazine (PHOTOS) In order to rank the top river towns in America, the editors of Outside Magazine turned to locals, asking for them to vote
The Best Hotel Villas In The Caribbean (PHOTOS) We recently returned from a tour of hotel villas in the Caribbean and found the best of the best on seven islands.
San Francisco's Top 5 Asian Restaurants Doing New Spins On Traditional Dishes Many of the eateries are concentrated in the city's Mission District, a once seedy neighborhood that was the stronghold of the city's large Latino community, now slowly but surely being overtaken by trendy shops and all variety of ethnic dining options. Many also tout their California inspirations
Visiting America's Most Bizarrely Named Towns For every uninspired destination name, there's one that's so wacky, you might wonder whether some town official from way-back-when named it on a dare.
Travel Key To Economic Recovery This has been a record-breaking summer for the United States for more than just Olympic medals and stifling heat waves. The domestic travel industry broke its own set of records putting it on the leading edge of the nation's recovery. That's good news for America's economy and for the millions of workers whose jobs are supported by people traveling.
Kristin Shaw Loves Elkhart, Indiana I'm amazed you haven't lost that casual confidence. You still have the drive-in where I had my very first job, though the carhops no longer wear skates and poodle skirts.
Tourism An Important Pillar Of Growth For Urban Economies As thousands of Democratic National Convention delegates descend on the great City of Charlotte, North Carolina, mayors across the country are reminded of just how important our convention, tourism and hospitality industries are for our local economies. In Baltimore, we have made smart investments in tourism to promote our city as a desired destination for large conventions, sports fans and the casual weekend traveler. These investments have had major impact on the city as a whole and the well-being of all of our residents.
The Vital Role Of The $1.9-Trillion US Travel Industry While all of the cameras and reporters are focused on the convention floor in Charlotte this week, there is a different story going on behind the scenes that hardly anyone has noticed. In the first six months of this year, international visitors spent an estimated $82.2 billion on U.S. travel and tourism-related goods and services, an 11 percent increase over the same period last year. Each one of those foreign dollars helps build up our economy and create new jobs that can never be outsourced overseas.
How Hospitality Helps Philadelphia Like many American cities, a significant subset of our population remains in poverty, lacking the skills needed to fill many of the jobs the city has to offer. As mayor, it's my job to figure out how to both address our city's challenges and boost our assets and, whenever possible, find solutions that meet those two needs at the same time. The city's hospitality industry offers Philadelphia that solution.
Ryanair CEO Michael O'Leary Calls Passengers \Idiots\ As for another crazy fee, Ryanair was being investigated by the Irish Aviation Authority due to concerns that it is not allowing
Queen Mary 2 Crossings in both directions, Cunard officials say, are almost invariably fully booked - leading some to ponder whether a
Heathrow Airport Pipe Bursts, Drenches Baggage In Raw Sewage The owners of the bags were forced to leave them behind as the airport sent them off to be cleaned, and some passengers are
5 National Convention Host Cities Worth Visiting (PHOTOS) No matter how you vote or who you support, there's something for you to enjoy in these past convention host cities.
Meeting, Everywhere, The Rulers Of North Korea In North Korea, the images of the Great Leader Kim il Sung and the Great General Kim Jong il are everywhere. This is not a Soviet-style cult of personality. Leader-worship here is a full-fledged religion.
You Can Take It With You I admit it
Democrats, Republicans And The TSA (POLL) Like it or not, the TSA is already an election-year issue.
Marijuana Tourism In Northern California Falls Victim To Contradictory Policies, Prejudices According to Dale Sky Jones, Executive Chancellor of Oaksterdam University, the legal grey areas that exist because of the
Top Foodie Finds in Edmonton (VIDEO) Edmonton, the capital of Alberta, Canada, is known as the Festival City, hosting more than thirty festivals every year, but when I visited I wanted to rename it the Foodie City because I was truly surprised by all the cool culinary finds!
Democratic National Convention Road warrior Lou Heckler says Charlotte \u2014 host to this week's Democratic National Convention\u2014 is \a wonderful place to be
Glenn Beck Claims American Airlines Treated Him As 'Subhuman\' UPDATE, 9/5
A Couple Of The World's Cutest Bus Stops I think that if I ever ran across one of these bus stops, my heart would literally explode. I really can't handle the cuteness
Up And Down The Streets Of Hanoi (PHOTOS) The night market you come across, completely by mistake, teems with people at half past two in the morning. Fresh flowers exhale their perfumed vapors into the warm darkness.
TSA Tests Drinks Post-Security At Columbus Airport, Flier's Video Shows (VIDEO) Even after Homeland Security Department Secretary Janet Napolitano predicted last year that passengers in the future will
Stylish Historic Getaways Of The Northeast (PHOTOS) History is alive in the Northeast where many elegant old homes have been transformed into comfortable inns that are now stylish historic getaways.
12 Sizzling Volcanoes (PHOTOS) A natural phenomenon even most hardcore travelers never get to see in action, volcanoes are among the world's most fascinating wonders.
Four Seasons Resort Launches First Of Its Kind Wild Restaurant (VIDEO) I hung out with Chef Jesse Hansen with the Four Seasons Resort Scottsdale at Troon North in Arizona as he gave me a sneak peek at what we can expect by whipping up dozens of new signature dishes for me to try. Sometimes I really do love my job!
The Best And Worst Of Europe Europe's most scenic train ride is the Glacier Express across southern Switzerland. The most scenic boat ride is from Stockholm to Helsinki.
The Six Best Hotel Spas For Pre-Wedding Pampering (PHOTOS) There are just so many things to consider before tying the knot, that brides-to-be can often forget about themselves -- and the importance of maintaining their own sanity -- amidst all the hustle and bustle.
A Closer Look At The Great Migration It has been said that the Wildebeest Migration of East Africa is one of the Seven Natural Wonders of the World, but has anyone mentioned the other animals which take part in this incredible display of courage and honour?
8 Hotels Where Celebs Have Honeymooned (PHOTOS) These are the gorgeous hotels where some of our favorite celebs celebrated their first days of wedded bliss.
7 Smart Tips For Working While On Vacation The key to enjoying your vacation is to avoid the impulse to respond to every e-mail the second it arrives.
Bird's Eye View While fear of flying is a common travel deterrent, \flight-seeing\ is an ever-more-popular tourism trend.
Heart Of The Arctic At more than 70\u00ba north of the Equator, I'm standing at ground zero for climate change. Nowhere else on Earth is it warming as quickly as in Greenland, the world's largest island.
Five Travel Tips For Hurricane Season Hurricane season is in full swing, with brewing storms that have the potential to threaten many vacation plans. If you're headed to a destination prone to tropical storms -- the Gulf Coast, Florida, Mexico and the Caribbean -- here's some advice that will make traveling during this volatile weather season a little less worrisome.
Tips For Getting Cheap Upgrades, More Legroom, When You Fly Have you noticed that the padding on airline seats is getting thinner and thinner? And the rows are getting closer together? Here are eight ways to help make your next flight more comfortable.
Florida's Small-Town Downtowns It's an image that lingers in the American consciousness like a soft, warm dream. But in Florida, this is no dream, if you know where to look. It's small-town downtown life, as it was and as it remains.
Improve Your Relationship Through A Volunteer Vacation (VIDEO) However, in terms of building intimacy through shared experiences, lounging on a beach is not necessarily the answer. Through my work with many couples, I notice that planning a brief vacation doing something more meaningful (and less vegetative) can do a lot to enhance a relationship.
Memorably Luxurious Hotel Suites (PHOTOS) In Marrakech, the Atlas Deluxe Suite at Selman is perched on 15 acres of parkland and offers unprecedented views of the Atlas Mountains,
Your End Of Summer Guide To Myrtle Beach, SC We've come up with a guide to the must-do activities in Myrtle Beach, and where to stay when you're there. Get inspired and soak up these last few weeks of summer in this beachy hotspot.
10 Reasons To Vacation Naked (PHOTOS) Social nudity is very powerful. You get to meet the most fascinating, friendly people.
Born to Explore I looked up, and realized that standing next to me, all four feet of her, was Dora the Explorer herself.
Celebrate Your Wedding At A Bed And Breakfast Two people committing to love each other is the most important part of any wedding ceremony. But before the nuptials, many happy couples search high and low for the perfect location. Here's why a B&B might be right.
Torrance And Temecula As someone who grew up on the East Coast and who now lives in Texas, California has basically meant two things, Los Angeles and San Francisco proper. But I recently had reason to visit two lesser-known destinations, which turned out to offer far more than I ever expected.
Calling All Opera Buffs To Italy (PHOTOS) Are there any more perfect settings for hearing an opera aria than a palazzo or piazza in Tuscany? For one month each summer it's possible to enjoy just that, thanks to Daniel Ferro.
Stunning Hotel Dining-Room Views (PHOTOS) While hotels that offer top-notch scenery aren't exactly scarce, some go the extra mile to ensure their restaurants, where reservations are available to both guests and outside diners, offer equally captivating visual experiences.
World's Worst Places To Get A Sunburn (And How To Prevent Them) Proper protection is key whenever you're outside, but sunburns have a particular way of inviting themselves along on vacation. Here are 10 destinations where you'll need to take extra care and just as many ways to protect yourself from the sun's harmful ultraviolet radiation.
The Latest Airline Fee It was bound to happen. It may be only a matter of time before other airlines follow suit.
A Complete List Of Inspirational Travel Quotes Without further ado, the complete list of inspirational travel quotes.
Teaching English, One Bite At A Time During my five day English immersion program with VaughanTown, I made lifelong friends with whom I spent hours walking, talking about life and sharing hopes and fears. One of the most notable parts of the program for me, were the meal times.
How To Avoid Bad Hair When Traveling (VIDEO) Hitting the road can stress your tresses. A bad hair day is especially a nuisance if you're traveling for work or a special occasion such as a wedding.
Potty Time At the end of a day of sightseeing and experiencing Peruvian nightlife, the best place to relax is in one of these luxurious bathrooms featuring everything from Jacuzzi tubs with expansive views to private saunas.
The Fields And Fears Of The Palatinate Wine Growers In one respect, the Palatinate (the southwestern corner of Germany) is a lot like Iowa
Weekend Guide To Walla Walla Wine Country The country's most exciting wine region isn't in California or Oregon; it's in eastern Washington.
25 Things To Do Before You Leave Home For a carefree vacation and homecoming, what you do before you leave home can be as  important as what you do when you are away.
A Stay At A Truly 'Captivating' Hotel The 201-room Nobis Hotel, which opened in 2010, is centrally located on Norrmalmstorg Square in downtown Stockholm. Its address has assumed an infamous role in history and culture
5 Labor Day Destinations To Avoid (PHOTOS) Getting away is good, but exchanging one type of stress for another doesn't solve anything. The crowds in Napa, on Cape Cod
JetBlue Grants Jets Fan His Wish David Baghdassarian is such a big Jets fan that before climbing on a plane from his home in Florida, he tweeted JetBlue marketing
Best Hotels For Food Lovers (PHOTOS) With artisanal picnic baskets, foraging tours and lobby vending machines that sell Pinot Noir (not Pringles), the best hotels have upped their food game.
The Spectacle Of Rio de Janeiro From Above (VIDEO) Rio de Janeiro may not be paradise, but through the lens of Joe Simon's Canon 5D Mark III it sure looks like it. The Brazilian
Shenzhen Airlines Flight Diverted After Second China Air Scare This Week For the second time this week, a Chinese airliner has been diverted due to unspecified security threats. More than 78 million
10 Fall Activities To Keep You In Shape For Skiing And Riding The snow might not be falling yet, you can still stay strong with these super fun fall-time activities that will keep you in shape for skiing and riding.
Documenta 13 The 13th Documenta Festival has taken over Kassel, Germany, filling the city's museums, abandoned buildings, parks and even a railroad station with documentary disguised as art. Held every four or five years, the 100-day festival embraces the idea that art is not limited to paintings on the wall.
Nip/Tuck Vacations (VIDEO) The hot topic right now is what I call \Nip Tuck Vacations,\ in which people are going abroad in search of cheap plastic surgery in destinations where they can also get in a vacation at the same time.
How To Eat Well In Brazil I enlisted native dietitian and natural chef Anna Maria Forcelini to share some tips on how to experience Brazil's bountiful fresh local foods and unique national cuisine while still maintaining a mostly nutritious, balanced diet.
Summer Days, Drifting Away When the September issue lands on our doorstep we know our summer days are numbered.  Herewith, a few must-dos in town before the cool winds blow.
Five Hotel Restaurants With Jaw-Dropping Views (PHOTOS) We've seen some of the most unique and breathtaking vistas, all while dining on the freshest cuisine, at these five scrumptious hotel properties.
Newfoundland Diaries St. John's, Newfoundland, is a city that makes you happy just to be there. After all, who can be be crabby in a town that is crammed with jellybean houses?
London Travel Visiting the homes of artists, writers, politicians and royalty is a rewarding way of gaining an insight into their private
Fiction As Travel Inspiration In The Sabbatical What better way to get into the underbelly of a country, a culture, than through the ever-curious, angst-ridden soul of a fellow human being on that timeless quest for meaning, whether that person is real or imagined? It's no wonder travel is an omnipresent theme of modern fiction.
The Best Natural Swimming Holes In The US (PHOTOS) It's August, it's humid and we'll bet you want to go swimming. Lucky you, we found 26 natural spots -- gentle waterfalls, deep swimming holes, lazy rivers -- where you can relax with a dip.
Labor Day 2012 Don't lament the end of summer -- celebrate it with a last minute getaway that promises to ease you into fall refreshed and ready.
Dirty Dozen Travel Myths It is near the end of summer and we are all just coasting along until Labor Day. Many of us are now susceptible to believe things that just aren't true -- like campaign commercials! Travel is no different. Urban legends and false truism abound among us fellow travelers.
Behind The Scenes With A Hotel Towel Thief In the game of laundered larceny it's assumed, and even encouraged that the guest will take the little bottles of shampoo, conditioners, tissues, soaps, pens and pads. But what's the policy on towels? Do hotels even closely monitor towels being stolen?
Offbeat Adventures Around The World New and interesting doesn't need to mean something big and massive and huge, it can be something simple and easy. That being said, it is a lot more fun to make more grand plans, so with that in mind, I decided to come up with a checklist of some of the things I want to do in the next 12 months to perhaps inspire you to start dreaming yourself.
Top 10 Labor Day Eats On A Minimum-Wage Budget One of the most enticing aspects of travel is the chance to dine on some of the finest dishes in town. But a rich dining experience doesn't mean you have to be rich.
'Undercity HuffPost Travel
Baby Born On Emirates Plane, Named After Airline In September 2011, a woman gave birth prematurely on a Philippine Airlines flight from Manila to San Francisco. The baby's
IMAHelps Medical Mission Volunteers Change Lives, Including Their Own (PHOTOS) While Gloria Soto-Reyes saw many patients in Nicaragua whose lives were torn by poverty and war, she said her IMAHelps medical mission gave her hope and changed the way she looks at the world and the impact people can have in it.
America's Best Road Trips For Foodies (PHOTOS) Despite the many annoyances of driving -- traffic, road rage, rest-stop bathrooms -- the allure of the road trip is still strong.
What Does An Adventurer Do In His Time Off? Between trips to Borneo, Kashmir/Ladakh and North Korea this summer I find myself with a month of otiosity. What to do?
The Most Stunning Faces Of Italy's Natural Beauty (PHOTOS) There are plenty of very good reasons to visit Italy, but it's quite surprising that relatively few tourists recognize Italy as a true \nature holiday\ destination.
My Journey Home Eight years a PBS film crew in a TV series called \My Journey Home\ followed me back to Vietnam, and in Dalat, a small city on a high plateau full of pine trees and waterfalls and pristine lakes, they coaxed me into revisiting my childhood home. The quaint pinkish villa on top of a hill was by then abandoned, its garden overrun with elephant grass and wildflowers.
On The Incredible Plains Of Kenya (PHOTOS) See Alex's Kenyan wildlife and cultural encounters here
Busting 10 Bed And Breakfast Myths Thinking about sneaking in a spontaneous getaway to somewhere special? Were you considering a bed and breakfast, but dismissed the idea because you weren't sure what to expect or afraid you might not like it? Well, leave your preconceived notions at the door.
The Best Road Trips From Philadelphia (PHOTOS) Dubbed the \City of Brotherly Love,\ Philadelphia is famous for its rich revolution-era history, its architecture and its truly fanatic sports fans.
The Latest Airline Ripoff Remember when frequent flyer tickets used to be free? Hah.
10 Fascinating US Military Attractions On US Route 6 Anyone who has served one of these ships or has a modicum of interest in Naval History must see this place to believe it.
Kiss Summer Goodbye With These Fall-tastic Travel Ideas Autumn is my favorite time for short weekend or day escapes. So many towns have seasonal celebrations from craft and farmer's markets to state fairs and sprawling corn mazes. These day- or weekend-long festivals are such a lovely way to take in the sights, sounds and tastes of fall.
Chope, This Seat Mine There are 107 hawker centres currently in Singapore, each housing up to 200 street food specialist stalls. If your gastronomic creed decree the need for such iconic hawker feed when in Singapore -- then chow down first on these guidelines to surviving a Singapore hawker centre.
Hurricane Isaac PHOTO From Airplane New Orleans' Louis Armstrong Airport remained closed Wednesday as the storm pummeled the Gulf Coast on the seventh anniversary
Vacation Days \In 2012 alone, residents of Atlanta and Washington, D.C. are significantly more likely to have taken or plan to take a vacation
Conde Nast Traveler Explores 25 Years Of Travel, 1987-2012 (INFOGRAPHIC) Among the highlights, the magazine says, are the fall of the Berlin Wall, the ubiquity of the Web and, on a related note
America's Healthiest Cities To Visit (PHOTOS) In great American cities where active lifestyles intersect with delicious food, it's possible to plan a trip that's both healthy and extremely fun.
Bill Rancic Loves Chicago I like to ask people out in Los Angeles where they're from. Men who have been in California for 30 years don't hesitate before saying your name.
Disneyland Nostalgia Though it's been three years since filmmaker Jeff Altman first posted the clip to Vimeo, the evergreen home video resurfaced
5 Easy Via Ferrata In The Dolomites Of the many available via ferrata paths found in the Dolomites, the following five are relatively easy to tackle and are excellent for first-time climbers.
Travel Tuesday Instead of sitting inside an office building in New York City, we kinda sorta definitely wish we were lounging on the terrace
5 Simple Steps To Make Home Swaps Work I write a lot about home exchange vacations because they've changed my family's life; I know they can change yours too.
Traditional Swiss Living In Gimmelwald (VIDEO) The village of Gimmelwald was never developed like neighboring towns because its residents made sure it got rated \avalanche zone,\ so developers couldn't get building permits.
Amtrak's Coast Starlight And The Joys Of Slow Travel \It's the soothing, almost therapeutic motion, the ambience, the people you meet,\ he says. His view, just a few yards away
IMAHelps Founder Inspires Growing Numbers Of Americans To Help Those In Need Ines Allen was only nine years old when her brother died, but she never forgot her brother's death or how poverty prevents people from accessing the healthcare services they need. She has spent the past 12 years building a network of more than 100 volunteers from across the United States who travel around the world working to help those in most need of care.
American Community In Mexico Disappointed By American Drug Policies American retirees and tourists had historically flooded into the lakeside communities of Chapala and Ajijic, which boast
Cold War Museum At Berlin's Checkpoint Charlie Prompts Discussion Over City's Past (PHOTOS) \There's an Eastern side to it, and while the East contributed to fear, propaganda and confrontation, we have to offer something
Toronto There is no use pretending
America's Wildest Hotels (PHOTOS) Dream vacations often call to mind sandy beaches, frosty cocktails and poolside massage service, but adventurous travelers can opt to wrangle cattle, sleep in trees, run zip-line courses and ski trails accessible only by helicopter.
Would You Pay Extra For A Child-Free Flight? What's wrong with people wanting to have a noise-free comfortable flight, especially if they're willing to cough out extra dough for that comfort? Airlines are only trying to look after their customers, right?
The Breathtaking Natural Wonders Of New Brunswick Be aware of the tides. The sea rises fast and high in the Bay of Fundy. You must keep watch, in order not to get trapped.
Stuffed Elk Heads And The Old Bars Of The Rust Belt (PHOTOS) The old shot and beer joints were a mainstay in nearly all the Rust Belt mill towns. These places were the yang to the factories' yin and a big part of many a mill worker's daily routine.
When Direct Flights Aren't Direct When purchasing the tickets, I made the mistake of missing the distinction between \direct\ and \nonstop\ flights.
Europe's Best Rooftop Bars The views from this new breed of European hotel rooftop bar are so good, you could even call your afternoon drinks \sightseeing.\
Silicon Valley's Sierra Backyard What's there to do in summer? Plenty for the athletic. Mountain biking, fly fishing, river rafting, hiking, swimming and boating to name a few of the activities.
7 Incredible Infinity Pools (PHOTOS) The virtue of the infinity pool, besides the uninterrupted views of course, it the sense of privilege that comes from possessing your own private horizon.
An Afternoon With Africa's Hunting Dogs Under the watchful eye of an adult, the cubs played relentlessly, probably developing skills that would, in adulthood, make them the most effective carnivores of Africa.
Everglades' Airboats And Alligators At Jungle Erv's (PHOTOS) The airboats that Erv operates are ungainly machines, light aluminum skiffs powered by muscular automobile engines mounted on the back, above the water line.
When You Should Stand Up To The TSA (VIDEO) It isn't just that an overzealous pat-down can traumatize the most vulnerable among us, potentially leaving them with lifelong scars.
8 Ways To View London From Above From the famous dome of St. Paul's Cathedral to the countless riverside attractions or the looming monuments of Trafalgar Square and Buckingham Palace, London has no shortage of photo-worthy landmarks.
5 Great Ski Resort Areas For Golf Here's a list of 5 ski resort towns that require sticks as well as poles.
Sycamore Mineral Springs Resort Is A Liquid Gold LuxEcoLiving4U Destination We traveled to this beautiful haven along the Central Coast nestled near the historic town of Avila beach. We were told that
Fall Foliage Apps For Leaf Peepers if you've got an iPhone, you've got a leg up on other leaf peepers.
Go Topless Day In Spain, topless sunbathing is so popular that all beaches legally allow it. It's time politicians here catch up with Europe and allow equal rights.
Cape Town 2014 World Design Capital Following that old romantic adage, \It happens when you least expect it,\ I totally fell in love with Cape Town, a locale that was previously off my radar.
August In Paris Imagine that eerily quiet Thanksgiving Day feeling that happens for one day in America -- but if it lasted for an entire month.
Europe's Memorable Signage A fun bit of urban art in Antwerp might have made our work much easier. But talk about negative!
How To Travel To The Caribbean During Hurricane Season Statistically, the odds of a hazard-free holiday are in your favor, but there are risks to traveling in hurricane season that need to be considered.
Gorilla Trekking In Rwanda, Uganda And Congo To see Lowland Gorillas our recommended trip would take you to Odzala-Kokoua National Park in the north of the Congo near the border with Gabon.
Disneyland Travel Surely anyone can place the figures who inspired Disneyland's Indiana Jones Adventure or Tarzan's Treehouse attractions, their
8 Ways To Get Outdoors In Vancouver Within the city limits are miles of sandy beaches for sunning, leafy parks for strolling as well as inlets, bays, and open waters for paddling and sailing.
10 Kid-Friendly Inns To Visit Whether you want a last hurrah this summer or a location for the next multi-generational family reunion this winter, make it an adventure that will be fondly remembered forever.
America Needs A Five-Star Airline Why harp on one tiny aspect of airlines' customer experience? Because it's illustrative of the overall trend of poor product and service outputs by all major U.S. airlines.
Alligator Evasion, Cracker Country and Strip Clubs For those of you watching the Republican National Convention on TV, you'll probably see lots of pretty shots of Tampa -- our little skyline gleaming red, white and blue over the water, attractive people jogging on Bayshore, delegates being pelted by rain due to a well-timed tropical storm.
The Volga Another officer had been telling me about a restaurant he often went to when he was in Tokyo. It was called The Volga and it was, he said, right under the Tokyo Tower.
Texas Hill Country Swimming Holes (PHOTOS) Nothing provides relief from the blazing heat quite like jumping into a cool, clear, spring-fed swimming hole.
Are Thieves Stealing Your Frequent Flier Miles Whether you have 25,000 miles or 250,000 or 2.5 million, you need to protect them.
How I Became Location-Independent Like so many other Americans, I lost my job in early 2009. Although I sent out dozens of r\u00e9sum\u00e9s per week, I hadn't scored even a single interview by the time spring came around.
TSA Rejects Proposed Shoe Scanners At U.S. Airports The Transportation Security Administration said it had rejected all four devices because they failed to adequately detect
Travel Tips From Top Chefs I always hit up the taxi drivers to find good food in an unfamiliar place. The minute I hop in a taxi from the airport I'll ask them where they eat and they usually give recommendations for these great little local places.
Visiting The World's Most Beautiful Universities (PHOTOS) At the University of Rostock in Germany, turn-of-the-century redbrick Neo-Renaissance structures share the campus with new, streamlined buildings of glass and steel.
Taking A Break In Big Sur (PHOTOS) Tassajara is an incredible place where there are stunning hot springs deep inside the heart of the mountains.
Air New Zealand Celebrates 30 Years Of LA To London Route (PHOTOS) We just can't get enough of retro photos of flight attendants. There are the snapshots of Continental's old crew getup pre
Malta, Rhodes And The Placid Mediterranean The island of Rhodes perches on a bluff overlooking white-washed homes, narrow, cobblestone streets and the majestic Avenue of the Knights where such fabled gents once lived.
Georgia's Black Sea Playground Ever-strange, often invigorating, Batumi's curious charm makes it an ideal seaside destination for travelers in search of the decidedly unconventional.
Europe's 7 Most Valuable Monuments (PHOTOS) Or, there are always the best value cities in Europe for budget travelers. So, which monument blew all the others out of
Feast On Europe's Best Food Trucks Food trucks may be trendy now but the concept is hardly new. Since the turn of the century, hungry workers have counted on
Aeolian Islands Essentials The seven Aeolian Islands off the coast of Sicily are one of those known-yet-not-overblown Mediterranean destinations. They're
Discover Stockholm Being one of the northernmost capitals in Europe gets you a reputation as a cold place, but that doesn't mean Stockholm doesn't offer myriad activities and during the warm summer months.
The World's Most Memorable Theaters (PHOTOS) Eero Saarinen, who did the TWA terminal at John F. Kennedy International Airport, also designed the Vivian Beaumont Theater at Lincoln Center.
Prince Harry Nude Photos Boosting Las Vegas Tourism Not everyone thinks, though, this will be a shining moment for Vegas tourism. A female fan of Prince Harry's sent a scathing
Track Records I was expecting big, hot and busy when I set off for Beijing. Words failed as soon as I arrived.
Sights Along The European Road Zipping around Europe on high-speed trains, it occurs to me how far our transportation systems have come and all the unexpected things we now see as we travel.
Ask Airfarewatchdog Come on JetBlue, step up.
The Best Road Trips from Tampa (PHOTOS) With average temperatures staying at a nice 75\u00b0 to 80\u00b0 Fahrenheit nearly year round, it must be hard to convince Tampanians to part from the Big Guava.
Finding The Best Italian Restaurants In America (PHOTOS) \There are two kinds of people in the world,\ chef Mario Batali said recently at the Food & Wine Classic in Aspen, CO, \those who are Italian, and those who wish they were Italian.\
An Abridged List Of Expats' Complaints About China There is very little the average China expat enjoys more than complaining and on the top of our list of complaints is all the ways we think China has wronged us.
Hidden Gems In Grenada it's spices. In Jamaica, it's reggae and jerk. But what you may not know is that in the Turks & Caicos, they've got something really special
Mario Batali Loves Traverse City Your summers boast a roster of festivals celebrating the bounty of your surroundings
World Cities Culture Report Explores 12 Of The World's 'Most Important Cities' (PHOTOS) Culture is a tricky thing to pin down, especially when there are countless cities around the globe that are known for their
Luavalu Seuva'ai, Hawaiian Airlines Passenger, Accused Of Fondling Sleeping Seatmate (VIDEO) The victim claims she found Seuva'ai with his hand under her bra at one point, according to Hawaii News Now. Agent Simon
Is Ruin Porn Good For Tourism? (POLL) In January, The Huffington Post introduced you to David Schalliol, the Visiting Assistant Professor of Social Sciences at
CORRECTION CORRECTION 8/22/12
5 Reasons To Ride A Train Across Canada (PHOTOS) The Canadian landscape is actually quite diverse -- prairie plains, boreal forests, snow-capped mountains, temperate rain forests, maybe an abandoned logging town or two.
5 Things Not To Tell A TSA Screener (VIDEO) Dressing down a TSA agent at the airport, while tempting, serves no useful purpose.
GuestComment Tries To Reunite Hotels And Guests With Real-Time Reviews Online hotel reviews are riddled with fraud and fiction, and legitimately negative reviews are often prompted by issues that could have been resolved easily if the guest had connected with the hotel management during their stay.
10 Chicago End Of Summer Musts Many locals will tell you that summer is the main reason -- the only reason -- we stick it out through Chicago's long and brutal winters.
Former Ellis Island Ferry Renovated Into 5-Room Hotel (PHOTOS) Now a National Historic Place, the floating hotel has insane views of the Manhattan skyline...not far from an endangered
Death, Dirt And Cows In The Holy City Of Varanasi When I arrived, Varanasi reminded me of a filthy, disheveled Venice, but where Venice is like a living museum, Varanasi teems with life.
Best Nude Beaches In North America (PHOTOS) Prior to the mid 1800s, everyone skinny dipped. Swimwear hadn't been invented.
The Best Hotel Pools In New York City (VIDEO) Rather than sit in an air-conditioned office, we figured we'd take a dip at one of these six refreshing New York City hotel pools. It was either this or prying open fire hydrants.
This Is A People Business Rick Collins is one of the reasons I love the hotel business.
7 Affordable Late Summer Getaways (PHOTOS) The same places that cost a tanned arm and a leg in the middle of summer get much cheaper once the calendar turns to mid-August.
UPDATE Despite having once loved to fly, he has tried to fly home unsuccessfully four times. Hypnotherapy, psychiatric consults
Embracing The VIP Experience At Seaworld (VIDEO) From the moment we arrived at SeaWorld we got to experience what being a VIP was all about and let me tell you it made for an incredible day and a memory we'll all cherish forever.
Cars Land With the reinvented Disney California Adventure, Disneyland Resort guests finally have wait they've patiently waited for since 2001. The entire reinvented park looks great, with incredible ambiance and some amazing attractions, but it's the tent-pole Cars Land that is poised to become a household name.
Learning To Speak French In Paris If you had spent a lot of time playing with a Paris-themed Playmobile set growing up, you would not be disappointed when you arrived in real-Paris -- except that the people are less \joint-y\ and their hair's not as perfectly shaped. Unfortunately being able to appreciate quality design and effective city-maintenance programs does nothing to improve your French.
Inspired To Find Your Niche Here in Antwerp's cathedral, a glass coffin seems to fit this vagabond's body as if tailor-made.
10 Great State Fairs For Deep-Fried Fun (PHOTOS) Don't limit yourself to just traditional fair fare
Traveling To Montreal For The Sake Of A Bagel (PHOTOS) Being so intimately familiar with the dense and chewy texture of Murray's bagels in New York, or the reliably large kettle-boiled ones from Nussbaum & Wu, I wasn't expecting much from Montreal. But I was deliciously surprised.
A Touch Of France In Montana For many, Montana is a place of open space, big sky, wilderness and the possibility of new discoveries and beginnings. So too is the labyrinth.
Eight Wonders Of Coast-To-Coast US Route 6 U.S. Route 6 runs clear across the United States through some spectacular landscapes. It also touches areas, some remote, where brilliant and brave engineers and construction workers risked their lives to build a never-before-seen marvels.
Is Travel Blogging Actually A Dream Job? In the six or so months I have now been travel blogging professionally -- in other words, earning 100% of my income from blogging-related activities -- I have been accused of having a \dream job\ more times than I can count. But is travel blogging really a dream job?
Touring Post-Olympic Britain Rather than limiting yourself to England, where prices will still be high, check out what else the UK has to offer. A glance at the calendar reveals a full slate of festivals, concerts and performances throughout Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales in August and early September.
Nude Beaches For those who want to bare all on vacation, finding a place to stay might have gotten just a touch easier. FlipKey.com, the
Las Vegas Takes Off With Airport Modernization The worst experiences can ruin an entire vacation. Fortunately, major U.S. airports are investing billions of dollars to modernize their infrastructure. Here in Las Vegas, the $2.4 billion terminal project at McCarran International can serve as a national model for what airport modernization means for the traveling public and our entire economy.
Remembering Christopher McCandless 20 Years Later Discussions of McCandless' life, either through reading the book, watching the film or hearing passing information about
The 9 Best Things To Do In Vietnam A hopeful current is buzzing throughout much of the country, and it's a thrill to watch the chaos and order play out their yin and yang amidst honking horns, noodle stands, crumbling colonial remnants and high-rises. Here is my list of the nine best things to do in Vietnam.
Why Is A Plane's Cockpit Door Open At Boarding? Why does the flight crew keep the cabin door open as the aircraft is being boarded? Is there a specific reason they wait
Bavarian Alps Lure Summer Tourists With Alpine Splendor (PHOTOS) Unlike Americans, Germans head south for the summer, relying on altitude rather than latitude for reasonable temperatures
Martha's Vineyard Shines On Illumination Night (PHOTOS) Since 1869, every year Martha's Vineyard celebrates \Illumination Night,\ when the community adorns their pastel-painted cottages with Chinese and Japanese lanterns, many of them family heirlooms.
Doing The Lido Shuffle Out Of Venice (PHOTOS) Wet, tired, happy, we boarded the vaporetto and called it a day knowing we accomplished something rare. We'd found the places in Venice where the locals go when they want to relax and had an authentic and memorable experience among them.
9/11 Memorial Tribute Walking Tour Whenever I allow myself to remember the events of 9/11, I realize that even though we are approaching the 11th anniversary of the attacks on the World Trade Center, there are still unresolved emotions swirling in my soul. That is why on a trip to NYC last week, despite record heat in lower Manhattan, I knew a visit to the 9/11 Memorial would be a must.
Antigua, Guatemala I have been to Antigua, Guatemala twice in the past couple of months. It's like Disneyland on pot
Africa's Luxury Treehouse Hotels (PHOTOS) These treehouse hotels across Africa add another element to sleeping, well, under the elements. From Namibia to Tanzania
Just The Two Of Us Your hotel choice can say a lot about what you think of your guy or gal. For something more inspired than a run-of-the-mill rendezvous, try one of these
7 Steps to Successfully Getting Your Bag Onboard Here are some simple steps you can take to packing a bag for carry-on and still stay within the airline rules.
Explore America Visitors here learn about the events that led to Dec. 16, 1773, and they go onto the decks of the ship for a re-enactment of the dumping of tea into Boston Harbor.
Would You Stay At A Historic Vacation Rental? (VIDEO) If you try to stay away from chain hotels and fast-food restaurants when you travel, a stay in a historic rental is just what you'll want. It may be more than you want. Simply put, it doesn't get any more authentic than a historic vacation rental.
What Does It Mean When Your Cruise Ship Is Sick? During my years as a television news reporter and anchor, the assignment desk would erupt in activity whenever they heard about a cruise ship coming back to port with sick passengers. But what does \norovirus\ really mean -- and should we be worried about it?
Live Like A Lord And Lady... If Only For A Weekend A little more than 10 years ago I was having dinner with the Countess of Dundee in her Scottish castle, Birkhill, when her daughter Lavinia joined us and told us all about her afternoon. She had been to St. Andrews to visit her cousin, William. Just William. Yes, that William.
Hockney And Twombly In The Vermont Woods (PHOTOS) I am not really a \nature girl,\ so promises of fly fishing lessons and campfires in the Vermont woods did not entice. But to the woods I went -- and I was absolutely floored.
Royal Touch On A Tour Of India's Hill Country (PHOTOS) Thanks to a friend who was related to Queen Elizabeth's cousin, I spent a weekend at one of the grand stately homes of England. It was a glimpse into a vanished age as I discovered rooms that had not been used in decades.
Hikes In The World's Most Urban Jungles From the fringes of New York to the heart of steamy Singapore, nature is everywhere you're not looking in some of Earth's most notoriously crowded big cities.
Kanye West's 'Runaway', As Performed By His Dancers On Virgin Flight (VIDEO) Editor's Note
10 Fantastic Day Trips From London (PHOTOS) With some of the most diverse history in the world, the region is packed full of options.
Mexico's Interjet Launches New York City Flights (PHOTOS) Interjet's New York moment made all the difference. CEO Jose Luis Garza decided to attack obscurity head on by flying to
A Dozen Of The Summer's Raunchiest Pool Parties (PHOTOS) Even though swimming means your hair may look subpar, your cohorts will likely forget if you're attending one of these wet and wild hotel pool parties.
Our Favorite Overnight Trips From London To Round Out Your European Vacation (PHOTOS) Here's a list of our top picks for overnight trips, all less than a two-hour flight from London. Start packing!
Safari Adventures And Moose Tours At American Inns (PHOTOS) If you have been tempted to go on a safari, but you don't want to leave America, here's the solution! Leave your passport at home and take a wildlife adventure tour at a bed and breakfast in this country.
4 Reasons To Stay In A Brooklyn Hotel (VIDEO) In this new \Travel SOS\ video, I look at the upsides of booking in Brooklyn, N.Y.
Where To Teach English For Free (And Actually Make A Difference) At this unique language camp, English speakers are not charged to participate, and on top of that are given the compensation of free accommodation and meals for their time.
Havana's Fusterlandia Fusterlandia is a definite must see on any sojourn to Havana. The Cuban artist has energized his community, inspiring them to create art on their own homes, and thus his vision has aesthetically inspired this part of Havana.
Visit Tampa, Florida This August And Experience A New Level Of Transparency In Naked Politics There's one fun organization that barely gives invisible clothing a second thought, and the President proudly wears a birthday suit. It's called The American Association for Nude Recreation.
Five Phrases A Traveler Should Never Use Thinking before you speak is an excellent strategy for anyone, but it's especially appropriate for the traveling set. To fend off foot-in-mouth syndrome while on the road, banish the following five phrases from your lexicon.
The Top Metropolises Of US Route 6 When you think of two-lane highways, you probably imagine small towns, tidy little main streets, undulating ribbons of asphalt through forehead-high corn fields
The Best Shore Excursions In Nassau, Bahamas The Bahamian capital is also the capital of Caribbean cruising, thanks to the popularity of three- and four-day cruises calling at this iconic port. Ships line Prince George Wharf, in the heart of downtown Nassau, making it one of the most conveniently located piers in all cruisedom.
Petting Lion Cubs in Port Elizabeth The lion cubs were so cute, I didn't even notice that they were also crusted with bits of gore.
Tiki Oasis 12 It's a weekend of espionage and excess as Tiki Oasis 12 invades San Diego with 3,000 unconventional conventioneers hitting the town.
The Best Lines From 'Airplane!' (VIDEO) There's a soft spot in our hearts for \Airplane!\ here at HuffPost Travel. The movie, which opened July 2, 1980, is still
In-Flight Voter Registration Available From Virgin America In the olden days, registering to vote could be a bore. It typically involved the lackluster tasks of waiting at the DMV
The World's Best Hotel Pools (PHOTOS) Looking to beat the heat this summer? These man-made works of art are proof that sometimes human creation can compete with the beauty of nature.
What Happens To An Irritable Person On A Meditation Retreat? The Pranayam consisted of plugging one nostril and breathing in, then switching to plug the other nostril and breathing out -- for five minutes.
Stratton Mountain, Vermont Whether you're a beginner or advanced player the summer tennis camps/programs at the Drysdale Tennis School at Stratton Mountain Ski Resort in Vermont can help you hone your game -- and there are fringe benefits.
6 Stellar Summer Patios In The U.S. (PHOTOS) The summer is beginning to wane, the days are starting to get shorter  and all you want is to squeeze in a few more shorts-and-sandals moments before it officially ends. So here are some of the best bar patios across the U.S.
10 Great Lakeside Retreats (PHOTOS) Whether their waters are glass-like or rippling towards the shore, lakes have a calming effect and make for an ideal vacation base.
The Shopkeepers Of Tokyo (PHOTOS) Anyone visiting Japan for the first time will quickly realize that the shopping experience is something special.
Air France Asks Passengers For Gas Money In Damascus \Because of the terrible relations between the two countries and the situation in Syria, the passengers were really worried
A Different Kind Of Cruise Line Larry Pimentel has seen a lot of water under the bridge. Literally and figuratively.
Bomb Threat Forces U.S. To Russia Flight To Land In Iceland Russian news agency Interfax, citing an unnamed source, said the anonymous caller said the explosives would detonate upon
Wine Tourism In Continental Croatia (PHOTOS) Our careers as travel, food and wine writers rarely take us to war-torn areas, but this trip was very different for us.
World's Most Expensive Cities For Hotel Rooms (PHOTOS) \u201cThe results of the hotel survey present an intriguing picture of where businesses are channelling travel spend,\ Stewart
Elvis Presley Attractions, From Graceland To Heartbreak Hotel, On The 35th Anniversary Of His Death (PHOTOS) Thursday marks the 35th anniversary of Elvis Presley's death. Thousands of fans are expected to descend on Graceland, which
Travel, Pray, Bidet I came, I saw, I \bideted.\ And neither the maid nor I will ever be the same again.
In Search of Captain Henry Morgan (PHOTOS) In September 2010, a team of leading underwater archaeologists discovered six iron cannons off the coast of Panama that belonged to the real Captain Morgan. Did you know he was a real historical figure?
Newfoundland Diaries As you walk back across this windy, barren landscape, you realize that you are falling in love with the place.
Wildest Alaska Although my companions and I are far from being swarthy, tattooed sailors full of song and stories, we are in search of the same adventure.
Free Cirque Du Soleil Show One Of Many Reasons To Visit Quebec City You have a choice. You can either shovel out a Ben Franklin or two for a seat at a Cirque du Soleil performance in Vegas or New York or one of the other hundreds of venues where the innovative circus arts company performs. Or you can head to Quebec City and see an equally-impressive Cirque show for... Free.
Zumba Your Way Into Costa Rican Culture It didn't matter where you were from, what your social class was or even what your dancing abilities were. No one cared. We were all there for one reason
Speed Levitch Loves Black Rock City A Friday night in BRC is an abstract-expressionistic painterly stroke of technicolor reality splattered across vast landscapes of earth and blank canvas.
Tips For Finding A Great Airfare Deal We thought now might be a good time to share some tips and tricks that will help you find the best airfare deals for Labor Day and beyond.
Born To Explore I've always felt that in order to understand people from another culture or a profession, you need to walk in their shoes. Or, in the case of the famous tanneries of Morocco, stomp barefoot in the byproducts of pigeons.
World's Longest Airport Walks Between Entrance And Furthest Gate In Terminal (PHOTOS) Earlier this week, the Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported that Hartsfield Airport's beautiful new $1.4 billion terminal
Ikea Hotels Coming To Europe Ikea is also getting in on the city planning game, announcing this year that in 2013 the company will begin construction
Adventure Travel To Exotic Destinations For A Swim This Summer While some of the best hotel pools offer stunning views in relaxing locales, nothing beats swimming in one of Mother Nature's beautiful bodies of water.
Exploring Whistler Those same bunny hills and black diamonds turn into fun hiking trails and mountain bike circuits when the snow melts, and the dining and drinking is taken outdoors, bringing a lively atmosphere to long, sunny summer days.
World's Most Obscure Flags Explained (PHOTOS) Let me take you on a guided tour of the 10 weirdest national flags to be found around the world.
Eat Well Israel I was just in Israel for a conference, \Role of the Mediterranean Diet in the Lifecycle,\ and yeah, that Mediterranean Diet is kinda working for them.
Fascinating Photos of Abandoned Olympic Sites Around the World The Storefront for Art & Architecture, our favorite Little Italy-adjacent nonprofit organization, has organized a photo exhibition
Just Back From Photographer Amanda Marsalis was born to travel (her father was pilot; her mother, a flight attendant). Recently, she traded
The 32 Best Trips Cond\u00e9 Nast Traveler Has Ever Seen In honor of Cond\u00e9 Nast Traveler's 25th anniversary, we've collected 32 trips of a lifetime -- all with unprecedented private access and unique experiences -- and we're offering them at crazy discounts in our World on Sale event. And no, we're not making any money off of this.
What Spirit Airlines Could Buy With $142 Million (PHOTOS) Recently, Spirit Airlines was hit with a lawsuit alleging that it has made millions of dollars in sneaky Passenger Usage
A Chef's Tour Of San Francisco, Marin And Sonoma Once out of the city, head north over the Golden Gate Bridge and spend the first night and a day exploring Bolinas, a very cool, old hippie town.
My Vacation With Brazzaville Near the merch table before the show, I met Lissa, a superfan of Brazzaville. David recognized her name immediately from
Exploring Chicago's Lakefront From Lincoln Park To Grant Park Enjoy numerous recreational activities, first-rate shopping and untamed nature within the city limits.
The World's Most Popular Theme Parks (PHOTOS) Mickey Mouse has competition
Best Places To Go After A Break-Up Ibiza is the party capital of the world, where sleep is reserved only for the weak and dancing for anyone who believes they look good doing it.
The Grandchildren Are Here. Now What? It used to be so easy -- you visit your gramma or grampy, spend the day getting hugs and kisses and a good hot meal and then you go home. But now, they're not around the corner any more. Now, in the global world, they can be anywhere -- like Florida, for God's sake, or in our case London.
Holiday Travel Believe it or not, the holidays are coming; but forget the turkey - now's the time to get your ducks in a row. Is it crazy
Diving In Palau's Sanctuary For Sharks (PHOTOS) Thanks in large part to its conservation efforts, Palau is now one of the best places on the planet to get up close and personal with sharks underwater, as my wife and I, both certified divers, discovered on a recent visit. Surprisingly, seeing sharks up close is simple -- and not nearly as terrifying as you might think.
Spirit Made $142 Million From 'Passenger Usage Fees,' Study Finds (INFOGRAPHIC) And the amount of money Spirit is making from those fees is only going up, writes Alicia Jao, VP of Travel at NerdWallet
Taiwan's Rainbow Bridge Lights Up The Night If you've ever dreamt of walking over a rainbow, here's your chance. By day, the Xiying Rainbow Bridge in Penghu, Taiwan
A Tapas Retreat At The Mercado De San Miguel Hunting down a tapas bar in Madrid is like looking for a Starbucks in New York City
Are You One Of The TSA's Unwitting Accomplices? (POLL) The TSA relies on the work of unwitting accomplices like pollsters who ask irresponsible questions and tourists who offer uninformed answers to a survey. Without them, convincing the flying public that these allegedly unconstitutional airport searches are for their own good, would be considerably more difficult.
Home, Home On The Farm At The 100th Calgary Stampede I figured I'd play the good, if aloof, son lingering in Draft Horse Town, chatting up the chuckwagon drivers, hobnobbing with the blacksmiths. But I had no idea how the Stampede changes even the most stubborn gait.
Travel Like a Queen If there's one thing we've learned this summer it's that the Brits are classy. From the Diamond Jubilee to the ongoing Olympic games, it's clear that Her Royal Majesty recognizes true luxury when she sees it.
Cruise Adventures Swathed in a SmartWool sweater, a Cintamani polar fleece jacket, a pair of Mountain Hardware pants and other high-tech adventure gear, I'm fairly sure I fit right in with the Zegrahm uniform. But, alas, even though our ship, the Clipper Odyssey, is only 335 feet long with a mere seven decks, I'm often lost -- a dead giveaway that I'm a first timer.
A Stylish Guide To London's Shoreditch Neighborhood No visit to Shoreditch would be complete without sampling the area's legendary nightlife, so wrap up your day with a casual pint among locals at a shabby-chic pub.
10 Of The Best Cities To Explore by Bike (PHOTOS) Due to the increased popularity of urban biking, many cities have gone above and beyond the call of duty to make easily accessible bike lanes for travelers.
What's New At Waikiki's Famed Outrigger Hotel (PHOTOS) The Outrigger is putting the finishing touches on the extensive makeover to its 525-room property, reclaiming its place as one of the most iconic landmarks along the waterfront of Waikiki Beach.
London's Best Flea Markets (PHOTOS) Knightsbridge, Covent Garden and Oxford Street are arguably the top spots in London for high-end shopping, but there's a whole other world beyond the fashionable boutiques and name-brand clothing.
Looking For Sydney's Best Food? Take To The Streets (PHOTOS) The city's offerings extend far beyond fancy white-tablecloth dining and Vegemite sammies. I grew up in Sydney, and although I've been living abroad for years, with each visit back home I'm pleased to witness an increasingly diverse and cosmopolitan foodscape that celebrates authentic, global cuisine on an everyman budget.
10 Of The World's Best Observation Decks (PHOTOS) There's no better way to experience a destination than to peer down upon the landscape from a great height.
Stargazing In The World's Most Romantic Vacation Destinations (PHOTOS) There is nothing quite like looking to the night sky.
Surf, Sand And Santa Monica On a recent trip to Southern California, Caroline Gault, guest editor to Vitamin Daily, was so blown away by the beachy-chic lifestyle of Santa Monica that she decided to drop everything and move there.
Travel Innovations Some have argued that we have entered the Golden Age of Travel, with more of the world open to travelers today than ever before and our ability to go anywhere (relatively cheaply and safely) beyond compare. But a traveler can still dream, right?
When Off The Beaten Path Becomes Mainstream A few nights ago, at an Ossetian dive bar in the heart of the Tbilisi's historic district, my long-suffering English boyfriend was forcibly (if amiably) abducted by a table of Georgian men who insisted on testing his Anglo-Saxon constitution with copious amounts of cha cha (essentially gasoline schnapps).
Learning To Live With Less When you think about picking up your life and moving across the world for six months, things in your life tend to fall into two different categories. Can I live without it or do I need this for my everyday happiness?
Kenya's Great Migration Bring's Drama To Africa's Plains (PHOTOS) In a migration that makes our looming national back-to-school rush look like a Starbuck's line, up to two million wildebeests
Where Not To Go This Weekend Not that walking across the insanely crowded, burning hot beach was going to be pleasant anyway. Here's the thing. If this
Burma, Now Myanmar, Shown In Vintage Educational Movie (VIDEO) A vintage educational film just uploaded to YouTube shows what life in Burma was like five years before the military coup
Bed, Breakfast and Beer With more than 20 breweries around the state, Vermont is also known as one of the premiere beer-crafting hot spots in the country. You can always make a pit stop at one of the brewing locations to see what all the fuss is about or sign up for an Official Passport and head out on the Vermont Brewery Challenge.
Qantas Passengers Refuse To Fly Without Pajamas, Delay Flight Passenger Angela Ceberano told the paper that the plane broke out in laughter when the captain made the announcement they
7 Take-Your-Breath-Away Waterfalls Around The World (PHOTOS) Between their danger and their beauty, waterfalls are undoubtedly among the earth's most dramatic phenomena. Whether three-tiered, pink or even frozen, these falls are among the world's absolute best to visit.
Top Adventurous Activities In Asia (PHOTOS) Here are a few of our favorite adventures in Asia.
Road Tripping Through West And South Sweden (PHOTOS) If you happen to be in the market for a new car, and that car happens to be from a European carmaker, you can get a free trip.  Seriously. What's the catch? Ahem, none.
Around the World by Private Jet In just 23 days, you can circumnavigate the world on a privately chartered jet. Check off most of your bucket list in one fell swoop.
Our Girl In Havana Eating a freshly made breakfast from antique porcelain plates beneath a teardrop chandelier in an old colonial house while being treated like an old family friend would be considered an experience possible in only hotels of the rarest kind. In Cuba, however, it's practically normal.
Ghost Towns Of California, As Seen In Philip Varney's New Book (PHOTOS) Author Philip Varney has visited more than 600 ghost towns in the American West since 1974. His latest book, \Ghost Towns
Tourist Falls Asleep On Airport Baggage Conveyor Belt, Goes Through X-Ray Machine There was no security threat to the airport, reports The Guardian. \There is a security system \u2013 a sort of roll-up blind
Cycling To Mt. Hood With The STIHL Tour Des Trees The hills today were relentless, but they came with a reward, some great downhilling. We came around a corner and in the distance, looming above, was snow-capped Mt. Hood.
Inside The Fringe Private Olympics Club The Games are a few weeks in, and you've finally caught Olympic fever. Whether you've scored last-minute tickets on London2012
Not Your Average Road Trip 'Tis the season for road trips. But why not make your next journey one to really remember and do it on two wheels? Motorcycle
U.S. Airports With Best And Worst On-Time Performance In First Half Of 2012 (PHOTOS) In 2011, New Jersey's Newark Liberty International Airport took the title of America's most delayed airport. It looks like
8 SkyMall Sculptures That Bring The World To You (PHOTOS) What if you want to explore other cultures and places but can't hop around the globe like Indiana Jones? Well, if you have space in your yard, then SkyMall has everything that you need to bring the world to you.
Londoners' Top 10 Sights To See After The Olympics (PHOTOS) After watching the Summer Olympics, do you hear London calling?
VietJetAir, Vietnamese Airline, Fined For In-Flight Bikini Show (VIDEO) \They should have registered [with us] before they held the show,\ Thang said. \This is the first time an airline has organized
TSA Poll The survey, conducted July 9-12, found little difference of opinion between fliers and those who haven't flown in the last
Grape Getaways At Long Island Wineries And Bed And Breakfast Inns Nothing says relaxation to me more than a glass of good wine in a romantic setting with a night or two at a bed and breakfast. Stay in one of these rejuvenating New York inns, and visit vineyards on the East End of Long Island to experience a great grape getaway.
Nightlife In Barcelona Barcelona is a partygoer's paradise, with more travelers seeing the Spanish sunrise than the sunset, making it an absolute can't-miss destination for any visitor serious about their nightlife.
The Best Road Trips From Seattle (PHOTOS) Should locals (or visitors!) need a day off the java or a weekend without rain, there are plenty of places near Seattle to check out. The best part? Each of these three trips takes less than three hours to drive.
Delicious Snacks To Share At Walt Disney World Rather than tie up our time at restaurants, my family prefers snacking at Disney World. Here are five of our must-visit spots, from ice cream stands to kid-friendly faves.
A Stylish Guide To London's Notting Hill Sure, the elite athletes competing in the Games are the focus, but on the sidelines sits a worldly city ripe for exploration. If you're traveling to London this summer, don't forget to pull your eyes away from the athletic events long enough to amble about the city's most stylish neighborhoods.
Where Celebrities Stay, Eat And Party In Los Cabos, Mexico (PHOTOS) Los Cabos, which is situated at the southernmost tip of California's Baja Peninsula, is the number one celebrity hotspot in Mexico, attracting A-listers such as Jennifer Aniston, George Clooney and more.
Chefs A-Twitter In London, New York And Paris When planning a trip, I am prejudiced in favor of restaurants that tweet -- given that I know them to be good in the first place. For instance, tweeted photographs -- often of ultra-seasonal dishes fresh from the market via the skill of the chefs -- have certainly set my mouth a-watering and have influenced my dining-out choices more than once.
The Inside View Of Life As A Luxury Hotel Concierge As the head concierge at the Waldorf Astoria New York, I've seen and arranged it all
Chuey Martinez Loves Los Angeles I would ride my bike through Montebello to Whittier Blvd to hang out with my boys, not knowing what was in store but always feeling in my heart that I wanted something better for my life.
Sofia, Bulgarian Capital, Shows Roman Past To Modern Tourists \They are most likely to be of wealthy citizens of Serdica who were related either to the new religion or to the actual church
National Lighthouse Day Tuesday marks National Lighthouse Day, a day remembering a Congressional act that established support of lighthouses, buoys
How to Do Florida Here are the five latest videos
Exploring Beautiful Arches National Park (PHOTOS) Ever since I first saw pictures of the mystifying red rocks of Utah, I wanted to visit Arches National Park. After looking at the map, however, the place seemed so remote that I wasn't sure I'd ever get there.
Olympic-Worthy Oyster Shucking In PEI (PHOTOS) If you've never been to an oyster shucking competition you're missing out on one of the great sporting events of the world, something I hope will be elevated to Olympic status one day.
Summer Is The Best Time To Kiss And Tel Aviv (PHOTOS) Chic and trendy outdoors cafes, boutique hotels, gourmet restaurants, fashionable boutiques, bakeries, bars, dance bars, an exciting night life scene, new museums, parks, beaches and simply lively people.
Where Should The Olympics Head Next? (PHOTOS) Though some have their doubts, London Mayor Boris Johnson is confident that the Olympics have only helped boost his city's
The Top Five European Family Hotels (PHOTOS) Whether you're planning your next trip together or just looking to make use of those vacation days, take a look to see where European locals are taking their families this summer.
Myrtle Beach Mansions Miles of beachfront make up the Grand Strand, but it's adorable attractions like Captain Hook's Adventure Golf, House of Blues and Dolly Parton's Dixie Stampede that set it apart from other East Coast beach towns.
Teens Take Manhattan Wondering what to do with teenagers in New York City? So was I. But in my typical Virgo style I set out to take Manhattan by storm, by geographic zone, on time and on a budget.
Bicycling At Bed And Breakfasts And Country Inns The Olympics are inspiring to watch, but you don't have to be a top athlete to ride the open road by bicycle. Bike to an urban bed and breakfast, cycle on bike trails at a quaint country inn or do both.
Air Traffic Controllers To Blame For New York Near Collision In 2011 The error was revealed by a radar data processing system before the planes came into contact, said the report. At one point
Six High-Tech Hotels (VIDEO) Relax. No one is going to make you relax.
Love In Berlin, Europe's Naughtiest City The plan was to spend as many night as possible in the city's famous sex clubs and get the proverbial devil out of my system before traveling onward to Turkey and the Caucasus.
Are TSA Agents Heroes? (VIDEO) The TSA agents pulled the passengers out of line and reported them to law enforcement authorities. As it turns out, they'd stumbled into something of a love triangle.
Passenger Reconsiders Trip, Leaps From Moving Plane An Air Asia passenger caused panic on a flight Saturday when he unexpectedly bolted for the emergency exit. There have been
Geico Gecko, Aflac Duck Most Americans spend more time on the couch than the road, which means that when we see wildlife it is often trying to sell
A Trip To Asia (PHOTOS) The quick, four-hour jump from Hong Kong to Bali also brings about a huge social transformation. I always find the difference between China's high-energy society in Hong Kong and Macau and the soft and subtle disposition of the Balinese to be a remarkable juxtaposition.
London Olympics Provide England With Needed Tourism Boost Friday\u2019s record broke the record set on Thursday when 4.31 million people used the tube. Johnson said that traffic spiked
American Airlines Now Offering Baggage Delivery Aside from the fear of never seeing my luggage again, the other reason I don't check bags is because I loathe waiting for them when I finally arrive at my destination. So I was really interested to hear that American Airlines is now offering baggage delivery to its passengers.
I Left My Clothes In San Francisco Nude recreation is so popular in northern California that the San Francisco Bay Guardian publishes an annual clothing optional beach guide.
Top Marilyn Monroe Sights Across The US Marilyn, and Norma Jean, died 50 years ago on August 5. If you're interested in more Marilyn than just a rerun of \Gentlemen Prefer Blondes\ or that Elton John song can provide, these sights can help.
Killing At Hell's Gate Alternatively tranquil and tumultuous, the Rogue chisels through the bristled plateau of the Siskiyou Mountains, taking on the character of a coastal river
Ixtapa And Zihuatanejo Go From Pirates To Pilates The brigands found the town's cozy, mushroom-shaped bay was a great place to lay in wait for Spanish merchant vessels heading down the Pacific coast to their home port at Acapulco.
Top 10 Sporty Spots To Host Your Own Olympics (PHOTOS) Hours of sitting in front of the TV watching the Summer Olympics might inspire you to engage in a little friendly competition of your own. And these homes with sports venues of their own can make it happen.
Crossing The World's Most Beautiful Bridges (PHOTOS) In Singapore, the newly constructed Helix Bridge looks to the future of bridge building, with aesthetics, engineering and imagination integrated into its high-tech double-helix design.
Livin' On The Edge Everyone loves a beach hotel, but for an added bit of drama -- and a much improved view --\nthere's nothing like a cliffside perch.
5 Great Adventure Trips On Canada's West Coast One of the Pacific Ocean's first points of contact between Japan and Canada, Tofino is a casual, sea-swept town with miles of beachfront.
Olympic Stadiums Worth Visiting (PHOTOS) London's building boom is typical for host cities eager to make a big impression on the world stage. But the coolest stadiums make an enduring impression, not only through architectural flair and historic importance, but also by hosting events.
French Hotel Offers Shipping Container Hotel Room (PHOTOS) The new shipping container room was designed in partnership with HouseUP, a French company that specializes in transforming
The Summer Splendor Of Orcas Island (PHOTOS) Onwards we make our way to Deer Harbor Marina where our kayak tour is about to begin with Jeff as our guide from Shearwater
London Olympics 2012 We've written lots about London this past week--our favorite canal walk (in Regent's Park), climbing the O2 arena and the
7 Memorable Beach Bars (PHOTOS) What better way to enjoy your summer to the fullest -- and deal with the reality of the approaching fall -- than to visit a happening bar on the beach?
Namibia If anyone would have mentioned Namibia to me five years ago, I don't think I would have been able to tell you where in Africa it was, much less want to pack my bags and go. But after being on safari in Kenya and Tanzania, I was ready for a different Africa, and Namibia fit the bill.
Hotel Matilda, San Miguel's Boutique Star Design features such as local cantera stone, slate gray and metallic accents, an infinity courtyard pool and artwork from cutting-edge Latin artists like Bosco Sodi and Nacho Rodriquez Bach make this hotel a radical departure from the town's typical hacienda-style B&Bs.
Behold Florida's 'Mountains' And Their Powder-Puff Majesty (PHOTOS) Like the Rockies, they dwarf us. Like the Pyrenees, they frame the landscape. Like the Alps, they block out the sky. Like none other, they cross boundaries of land and water, time and space.
What To Expect From Barcelona In Peak Season While the Dali Museum may beckon, and you may want to begin checking off that guidebook list, don't spend your entire vacation on the classic Barcelona tourist trail.
The Friendliest Taxi Driver In Paris For those who rag against Parisians as rude and impatient people, remember this lovely cab driver.
Olympians' Favorite Spots In London And Back Home We gathered some of America's favorite all-stars -- including 17-year-old phenom Missy Franklin, who just won a gold medal in the 100-meter backstroke -- to talk about their favorite hometown jaunts
Watching Polo At Bethpage State Park At the end of each chukker, spectators come out onto the field to help replace the divots. The riders change horses.
Airstream Turn 80 Despite its proud middle-American sensibility and heritage, Airstreams have always been more than middle class kitsch. They
Heading To Portlandia The dream of the '90s is alive in Portland -- and so are our dreams of a great weekend escape.
Incredible Antarctica Antarctica is a landscape of superlatives
Track Records Not that you could call Ulaanbaatar a dyed-in-the-wool Asian city. You can feel the Russian presence even though Mongolians are fiercely proud of their independence.
4 Active International Vacations For Empty Nesters (PHOTOS) It may not be easy to let your kids fly the coup, but being an Empty Nester has its advantages -- especially when it comes to travel.
How To Stay Healthy While On Vacation Vacations are a time to rest, rejuvenate and explore -- a time for travelers to experience the sights, sounds and culture of the town they are visiting without the stresses of everyday life. Unfortunately, while travelers typically look forward to the culinary joys of a vacation, they also worry about balancing all that fun with a healthy lifestyle.
10 Secrets For Visiting A Big City On A Budget If you want to make the most out of your trip -- whether it's for a quick weekend getaway or a full week of sightseeing -- follow these pointers for ways you can enjoy some of the most expensive cities in the world without breaking the bank.
Doing The 116-Floor-High Edge Walk Atop Toronto's CN Tower This is the scariest thing I have ever agreed to do, and believe me, I've tried some pretty heart-pounding adventures. But there's something deeply personal about this circumnavigation of Toronto's CN Tower that I'd have to confront, too.
Carnival Cruise Deck Monitors Will Cut Back On Chair Hogs Carnival Cruise Lines has announced a new program by which it will get rid of those pesky people who save lounge chairs all
DineFresh, US Airways' New Premium Meal Option, Launches On International Flights Passengers will have to sign up for the premium meals at least 24 hours in advance on a special website. Regular, free economy
How Should We Structure a Trip to the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil? By Anthony Carne, General Manager at www.urbanadventures.com This question originally appeared on Quora. More questions on
More Vegan Eats In San Antonio So I'm back in Alamo City. This time it was just a quick trip, but long enough to be able to report on some new vegetarian-friendly finds.
Taking On Port Discovery In Baltimore, MD With Toddlers I daresay Baltimore should be a strong consideration on your list of possible travel destinations. There's so much to see and do in the city!
Amazing And Luxurious Private Safaris (PHOTOS) High-profile travelers including Bono, Richard Branson, Michael Jackson and Princess Diana have entrusted Civair with their vacation plans.
There's Life And Then There's Living I was visiting the magical town of Puerto Vallarta with a group of happy, devil-may-care, let's throw caution to the wind, fellow travelers who somehow coerced me into going along with this madcap plan.
Clean Toilets And Structured Panic Alone on a hilltop somewhere over the coastal town of Lerici, I prayed that the insanity I felt wouldn't prove permanent. Although I'd never believed in it before, the little bit of Catholic that was left in me was given real consideration to the notion of purgatory.
Annie Leibovitz Disney Dream Portraits Revealed (PHOTOS) Annie Leibovitz has done it again. Portraits of celebs posing (as well as behind-the-scenes shots) for this year's Disney's
London Olympics Certainly the sporting events are the top priority to anyone heading to London for the Olympics. But, if it's possible to
The Best Road Trips From Miami (PHOTOS) With its high-brow art scene, luxurious shopping and A-list clubs, Miami is an energetic, ultra-lively hub for young partiers and jet-setting tourists -- but to escape the rowdy scene, southern Floridans have several spots to enjoy.
5 Get-Fit Summer Getaways (PHOTOS) Here we are, about halfway through bikini season, and the effects of boozy weekend barbeques are starting to take shape. If you haven't planned your summer getaway yet, why not think about a vacation where the sole purpose is getting your body back in gear?
What Is Your Vacation Deficit Disorder Quotient? (POLL) Why is America known infamously as the No-Vacation Nation? Fact is, over half of us took no vacation time last year. Why is that?
10 Dream Places For Grill Masters (PHOTOS) Nothing says \summer fun\ quite like the family barbecue. The grill masters in your group can keep the party going on vacation with these 10 'cue-friendly vacation rentals, featuring top-of-the-line grills, Texas-sized smokers and decked-out outdoor kitchens.
9 Luxury All-Inclusive Hotels To Help You Forget All The Not So Luxurious Ones (PHOTOS) just because you don't want to bother dealing with a million receipts doesn't mean you can't have a modicum of quality.
The W Hotel Raises Its Game To Offer Luxury In Paradise (VIDEO) The cookie cutter W hotel formula -- modern decor, house music and cheeky catch-phrases --  to hopefully draw a trendy crowd generates a love or hate feeling, just like peanut butter cookies or Key lime pie.
The Migration Arrives In Kenya Last week camps and lodges throughout the Maasai Mara in Kenya reported that the wildebeest migration had arrived.
Packing Tips So Crazy They Just Might Work Weird works -- trust us. Some of the most unusual and creative advice is also the best, even when it comes to packing.
Galapagos Islands The islands are right smack on the equator, give or take a degree or two. The weather is usually a balmy 87 degrees, but it feels like it's 95 and the sun is relentless.
Mel Zuckerman Loves Tucson Mel Zuckerman is the founder of Tucson's Canyon Ranch, which starting revolutionized the spa industry in the 1980s. Today
Gore Vidal's Former Italian Home, Villa La Rondinaia, Shows Late Author's Love Of Amalfi Coast (PHOTOS) The home is available for photo shoots and weddings, so curious travelers and Vidal fans alike can catch a glimpse while
Amsterdam's Evolving Relationship With Weed Locals don't want shady people pushing drugs in dark alleys; they'd rather see marijuana sold in regulated shops.
Mel Zuckerman Loves Tucson I drove in from Phoenix, before I-10 existed, through 110 scorched, desolate miles of not much.
The 10 Quirkiest Lodgings in America, According To TripAdvisor (PHOTOS) Here at HuffPost Travel, we've seen our fair share of unique accommodations. For instance, there's the Beatles-inspired yellow
The Grooming Hand Clasp As we observed these two chimpanzees taking all the time in the world to meticulously groom each other, they moved from a variety of grooming positions to the hand clasp and back.
Track Records I chose to not risk oversleeping in Irkutsk by staying up and drinking beer in Harat's Pub near the hostel with a chatty boxing trainer who shared his chicken wings.
Teruel Is Spain's City Of Love As one of the smallest capitals in Spain, Teruel has a population of 35,000. What makes it so special is its main center, La Plaza del Torico.
Travel Writers Have Bad Days, Too I tend to be a favorite topic of conversation at parties and get-togethers. I'd like to think it's because of my sparkling personality but really, it's my job that lures the crowds. I'm a travel writer.
10 Truths Learned From Two Years Of Travel Travel allows you to explore the nooks and crannies of the world in intimate detail, but leave its true mark on you in the fundamental changes and, in some cases, re-affirmations it makes to your belief system. Here's where I'm at, 24 months in.
Sleep Tight Some people book a hotel room for the view, others for the tub, but it's the intrepid traveler who knows that the single most important room amenity is the bed.
Discover Rome Ancient ruins stand alongside Renaissance palazzos and buzzing cafes, and the works of art that can be viewed in the city's museums and churches are enough to make any culture lover drool.
Travel Pioneer Geoffrey Kent Speaks Out In April, A&K's peripatetic Founder and CEO, Geoffrey Kent, was inducted into the prestigious British Travel and Hospitality Hall of Fame. He spoke recently about his early struggles to start the company in Africa, how he expanded its worldwide reach to become a leading luxury tour operator today and what the future holds for A&K in particular.
Immediate Gratification OK, I get it now. Convincing the public to help with economic recovery requires the promise of  immediate gratification -- beyond the threat of imminent economic armageddon. This could be huge for worldwide tourism industry.
Born to Explore I'm no food critic, but imagine eating the contents of a bait box left out in the sun for days. That's what it tasted like.
Top 10 European Celebrity Getaways (PHOTOS) Here are the top 10 hotels, which have not only welcomed scores of celebrity guests, but also received excellent reviews from travelers.
Amsterdam Prepares To Cut Some Ribbons About 1.5 million people tour the Van Gogh Museum annually. Many of them used to visit on hallucinogenic mushrooms, but a 2008 law now prohibits selling 'shrooms.
Belgium Beyond Chocolate And Beer In the fashionable Dansaert quarter, just north of the Grand Place, you'll find designer boutiques and stylish cafes as well as classics like La Cremerie de Linkebeek, a 1902 cheese shop.
5 Olympic Hosting Hopefuls That Never Made The Cut (PHOTOS) Hosting the Olympic Games is a prestigious honor that cities around the world compete for with the ferocity of world-class
The Most Beautiful Olympic Stadiums Ever Built The 2012 London Summer Olympics kicked off last week, and all eyes are on the capital of tea and toast for Oscar-winning
Crazy Ice Cream Flavors From Around The World Frozen treats are way more than just chocolate and vanilla in these far-flung countries.
Conquering Angel's Landing I grabbed hold of the first set of chains and completely froze.
An Open Letter To Costa Rica You had me at, \Hola, guapa.\
5 Olympic Hosting Hopefuls That Never Made The Cut (PHOTOS) Detroit alone has been rejected by the International Olympic Committee a whopping seven times.
America's Best Beach Eats There's nothing like a beautiful beach with cool saltwater air. But add a delicious snack -- whether it's locally sourced seafood or a frozen sugary treat -- and your beach experience will surely be elevated to a heavenly degree.
Honolulu-Bound? Oahu's New Vibe May Surprise You Some repeat visitors to Hawaii advise you to shun Oahu, where Honolulu is located, because it's a bit too bustling and \urban.\ But if you haven't visited Honolulu lately, you might be in for a surprise.
Hotels Where Olympic Heroes Have Checked In (PHOTOS) Comfort matters a great deal when you have to be superhuman in the morning.
What About Travel To Jordan? (PHOTOS) I visited Jordan last month, my 10th trip in 15 years, and experienced not only the absence of tourists but also a wealth of new things to see and experience.
Drive, Pray, Panic Attempting to drive an Alfa Romeo station wagon through the ancient villages of seaside Italy, I felt like a morbidly obese woman trying on skinny jeans.
Top 15 Company Towns On Cross Country Route 6 From a \Johnny Tremain\ like pewter factory in New England to the aerospace industry in California, Route 6 is a timeline not only of U.S. history, but of U.S. ingenuity.
Alamos A stroll along Alamos' cobbled lanes, porticoed walkways and Andalusian courtyards takes you back to the 17th and 18th centuries, when the silver mines of the nearby Sierras made this city one of the richest spots on Earth.
Shooting Afghanistan The pool was already empty by then. Some people where brought down into the basin and shot against the blue walls. Others were taken up the highest diving board and thrown off.
The Border You've Never Heard About Driving north for an hour from the city of Liberia in Costa Rica, past skinny cows in postcard-green meadows, one wonders if civilization is ever going to reemerge, and then the taxi driver slams on his brakes.
The Great Cape Escape, Chatham (VIDEO) On a return trip to Cape Cod, some of the top things to see and do in Chatham, Massachusetts.
A Roman Getaway To Terracina The 1943 arrival of Allied forces meant bombings to Terracina and several other cities throughout the nine-month German occupation, leaving the second half of the 20th century to rebuilding.
It's Not Too Late To Head To The 2012 London Olympic Games Many people mistakenly believe it's far too crowded and far too expensive to travel to a country hosting the Olympics. In fact, that common misconception is entirely wrong.
The Best Remaining Summer Food Festivals In America There's no better time to eat and drink around the country than festival season.
Restaurants Worldwide With Stunning Views (PHOTOS) Call them the ultimate place settings. These restaurants around the world offer jaw-dropping scenery along with meals worth
My First Visit To Hamburg the red light district feels barricaded within one small block, defined by the metal modesty walls erected during Hitler's rule.
Who Are The Real TSA Dissidents? (VIDEO) It takes courage to whip out your camera and record TSA agents engaging in what you believe to be an unconstitutional activity.
Wi-Fi On The Wyoming Range Today, in our always on world of communications, you can travel to even remote 15,000-acre ranches in Wyoming and still stay connected.
6 Castles For Game of Thrones Themed Getaways (PHOTOS) Gather your loyal family and friends to rent out one of these amazing castles and have it all to yourselves. Live like a Lannister.
Petting Elephants in South Africa We managed to make it out of Cape Town and head east, hugging the southern coast of Africa. The drive was, in a word, stunning. Rugged mountains loom over fields the color of tennis balls, and cliffs plunge dramatically into deep-blue ocean.
England Beyond The Olympics We got to thinking about the many other beautiful, interesting and off-the-beaten-path towns, cities and attractions that are only a short drive away from England's capital. Who knows, maybe the lucky folks traveling to the Games this summer might want to escape the hustle and bustle of London for a day?
10 Tips For A Successful Trip To France Every vacation has its ups and downs. But travelers can improve their odds of a good time with a little care, the right frame of mind, a modest pace and just enough (but not too much) planning.
Great White Shark Cage Diving In South Australia (VIDEO) What surprised me was that following the initial excitement of seeing the sharks up close, my mood turned quite quickly to being calm and peaceful.
Rome's Colosseum Is Leaning, According To Officials \The slab of concrete on which the Colosseum rests, which is like a 13-metre (yard)-thick oval doughnut, may have a fracture
6 Extraordinary Island Hopping Adventures (PHOTOS) Time spent exploring these often overlooked isles is guaranteed to satisfy your wanderlust, no matter how bad the itch.
5 Amazing Room Service Menus (PHOTOS) Here are the hotels offering the world's most memorable meals on wheels.
How Mosquito Netting, Cement Floors And No Electricity Made My Favorite Travel Memory When you go on vacation your flight often takes you to a land of luxury, but when you volunteer, you land in a place of compassion, sacrifice and hope.
Only In Santa Fe (PHOTOS) What Williamsburg is to colonial America, Golondrinas is to colonial Hispanic America. The life of the early Spanish settlers is lovingly created and recreated, and their crafts, foods, agriculture, education, religion and architecture can be experienced in a beautiful rural setting.
Dig Into August Food Fests It's time to take a bite out of summer.
London Olympics I found the canal near the Park's western edge, where I was suddenly ensconced in silence.
London's Top Non-Olympic Hot Spots According To Foursquare (PHOTOS) Most eyes in London will be on today's sure-to-be-stunning opening ceremonies, but the city's most famous sights will also
Olympic Opening Ceremony Puts Glastonbury Tor On The Map (PHOTOS) Glastonbury Tor, the rocky outcropping rising from southwest England's Somerset Levels, is soaking up the international spotlight
FriFotos I spent some time looking through old photos from my wedding, my first trips abroad... any excursion that was special, or
5 Olympic Strategies For The Budget Conscious Traveling to London on a budget poses a royal challenge even during non-peak times. So you can only imagine the kind of hurdle London presents to travelers minding their pounds during the upcoming Olympic Games, which run July 27 through August 12.
Hacker Shows Air Traffic Control Danger With 'Ghost Planes' According to Agence France Press, Costin invited his audience to imagine a worst-case scenario, saying, \Imagine you inject
How London Olympics Staffers Prepare For The Games (INFOGRAPHIC) What exactly does it take to host the Olympics? A lot of workers, thousands of hotel rooms and more basketballs than you might have guessed!
Nolan Gould, 'Modern Family' Actor, Heads To The Grand Canyon With Sierra Club (PHOTOS) Gould, who is a Sierra Club Youth Ambassador, also went mountain biking in the protected area straddling the border of Utah
A Determined Chairman, An Honest VP And A Game-Changing Airline It was was a love of country that inspired engineering magnate Sir Joseph Arumemi-Ikhide to, as he tells it, \return Nigeria to its rightful place, as a leading aviation market.\
10 Things You Didn't Know About London's Olympic Venues (PHOTOS) Here, we look at the oldest and the newest Olympic venues in town.
Searching For Connection In Remote Italy A Type-A personality obsessive planner/thinker/semi-regular doer, I thought I had considered all potential Italian disasters, feigned or real. Ha.
Enjoy The Olympics The Old Fashioned Way \Not all the Greek Runners in the Original Olympics were totally naked. Some wore shoes.\
The Unbearable Whiteness Of Being In China China is a nation informed by archaic, and often perplexing, notions regarding race. A teeth cleansing product with a name that translates as \Black Man Toothpaste\ -- complete with a smiling blackface caricature on the package -- is ubiquitous in Chinese shops.
London Olympics As if that wasn't enough of a hurdle, the airport also had to handle actual hurdles. As the top of athletes from 50 nations
Katie Holmes Divorce Much has been made of the dissolution of Katie Holmes and Tom Cruises' 5-year marriage, but very few pundits guessed it might
Aurora Shooting United confirmed the news with a brief statement to HuffPost Travel
Kathmandu Chronicles, Part 1 Nepal is not a stop over, nor is it a vacation destination. It's intense, it's uncomfortable, it's frustrating and chaotic and surprising.
Swimming With Sharks In Fiji's Beqa Lagoon (VIDEO) As much as I support the decision to remove shark fin soup from Chinese state dinners, I wasn't sure I wanted to come nose to nose with a fish that has seven rows of flesh-tearing teeth.
The Jersey Shore's Best Beaches (PHOTOS) The Jersey Shore has some delightful beaches that remain uncrowded by reality stars and non-human refuse.
Let's Not Be Too German The German government celebrates the \reunion\ of East and West. But let's be honest
Mobile Hotel Booking Goes Olympic With New HotelTonight Data (INFOGRAPHIC) It's no surprise that travel companies are looking for Olympics tie-ins as the kick-off to the London games looms, but newly
48 Hours In Lisbon I'm drawn to Lisbon mostly because it is a mix of a European city with a\u00a0Mediterranean climate.
12 Gorgeous Hotel Golf Courses With Ocean Views (PHOTOS) For all you golfers out there -- Hi, Dad! -- we found twelve beautiful hotel golf courses around the globe that have killer vistas to boot.
5 Questions About Travel For Photographer Macduff Everton People are making billions of dollars every year off the Maya. There is the Mundo Maya, Riviera Maya, Playa Maya, Ruta Maya, but the Maya aren't profiting from this. They are the employees rather than the owners.
Europe's Secret Summer Getaways (PHOTOS) Many Europeans don't view sightseeing, culture and history as essential components of a summer holiday, since they often have those experiences year-round in their hometowns and cities.
Australia's Amazing Beach Skydive Chances are you've never heard of Jurien Bay, Australia, and before receiving a postcard from the tiny coastal town, neither had I. But after this experience, now I'll never forget it.
5 Unusual (But Awesome) Honeymoon Vacations (PHOTOS) If you and your significant other identify more with the less-than-traditional set of newlyweds, why not jet off to some exotic, unexpected locale instead?
Marina Del Rey Staycation The phone is ringing, the texts are beeping, my email is flooding. That. Is. It. The phone turns off, the computer shuts down, the silence echoes in sublime relief.
Rooftop Bars With Unbeatable Views (PHOTOS) We dig a hotel with a gorgeous view, so it's no surprise we can't stop staring at the photos of these rooftop bars, all atop Cond\u00e9 Nast Traveler-approved properties.
American Airlines To Frequent Fliers On a recent Monday morning I walked into the Office of the Clerk of the Los Angeles Superior Court, plunked down $85, and sued American Airlines. I was mad. Very, very mad.\nAllow me to explain.
7 Travel Secrets To Avoid Jaded Traveler Syndrome We all know jaded travelers who ho-hum your stories about visiting Myanmar, Bolivia or Morocco. \Oh, I've been there!\ Here's what to do about them.
Girlfriend Getaway On Gull Lake (PHOTOS) It's pretty rare that my best friend and I get away for our own mini-break, and it's even rarer that we get the chance to take on a new adventure. But if you've read any of my previous travel posts here on the blog, you know that if there is some kind of adventure sport to try, I'm going to try it.
Cape Town Weather Report Even the penguins here seem cold. What, you didn't know there are penguins in Africa?
In Italy, Eat, Pray, Run If I make it to see another day here in Pugliola, I will write about it. At this point, the Communists running the gambling down at the bar aren't betting on it.
Berlin's Nightlife If you think spending time boozing and schmoozing is a distraction from experiencing what a city is all about, then you don't know Berlin.
Scariest U.S. Airports (PHOTOS) These days, flying is one of the safest ways to get from point A to point B. But not every airport is created equal.
Ask Airfarewatchdog No, it's not a new airline. Here's the scoop.
Escape To Borneo (PHOTOS) For more than a century, since explorers and missionaries first ventured into the interior of Borneo, outsiders have been captivated by its half-truths and half-fictions, awed by its headhunting heritage, its tales of giant insects and snakes, of wild men who lived in trees, of prodigious leeches that stood up when sensing a human.
An Amorous Chilean Horse Caught On Camera (VIDEO) At a ranch near Santiago, Chile, I spoke with Gonzalo Vial, an accomplished horse whisperer known to form close personal relationships with his horses. One horse grew amorous.
Liam Corcoran, 11-Year-Old Boy, Flies From Manchester To Rome Without Passport, Ticket A Manchester Airport spokesman told The Huffington Post UK
Catherine McMullen Loves Fargo, North Dakota Summers are humid and buggier than ever and nearly every spring we fight the Red River then pat ourselves on the back for yet another sandbagged victory.
Stephen Colbert And James Fallows Discuss China's Aviation Future (VIDEO) Stephen Colbert welcomed James Fallows onto The Report on Tuesday night to discuss Atlantic National Correspondent's new
Jimmy Buffett To Open Margaritaville In Atlantic City In fact, Buffett has been doing a lot of building recently. He spoke to HuffPost Travel about his plans to expand his hotel
U.S. Airports That Are 'Likely' To Influence The Spread Of Pandemics (PHOTOS) Medical Daily reports that JFK is an important hub because it not only feeds a large base of people in New York, but it offers
A Filipino Food Tour In Manila (VIDEO) In an 8,000-calorie all-you-can-eat extravaganza, I was exposed to all manor of Filipino cuisine and we captured the entire thing on film.
Five Crazy Clubs You Can't Miss During The Olympics (PHOTOS) Everyone knows that the Olympics are as much about what goes on within the stadium walls as the party that rages on the streets afterwards.
10 Of The Best Summer Music Festivals Around The World (PHOTOS) It's that time of year again, when music concerts swap sticky dive bar floors for well-tramped grass and enormous open-air stages.
A Guide To The Best Dining In Food-Obsessed Taipei In fact, enjoying food is such a central part of Taiwanese life -- it's the glue of family and community gatherings and holiday celebrations -- that the cuisine here could be a starting point for any sort of anthropological study that seeks to understand the essence of Taipei.
Bare-All Whether you're from a small beach town in Costa Rica or a bustling city in Japan, one thing is clear
Top 5 Downhill Mountain Bike Resorts In North America New Mexico is bursting onto the scene like a real contender this season.
Le M\u00e9ridien Opens In Istanbul Le M\u00e9ridien's cultural curator, Jerome Sans (of Palais de Tokyo fame) helped lay the groundwork for building a hotel for the creative class in Istanbul.
Party Like It's 1812 Built in 1967 in Holland and fully rebuilt in 2008 in Greek shipyards with high attention to details, this yacht combines the brilliance of her kind with the comforts of a modern yacht.
Seven Trips To Expand Your Comfort Zone he Hermitage is great, their storage rooms even better and the glorious mansions of the Romanov period are opening for a glimpse of the past we have all read about.
Climbing To Reach Everyone, Forever In Bolivia Since moving to Peru four years ago, my husband Matt and I have lived without water more frequently than either of us ever imagined. While the minor inconveniences of dishes piling up, toilets going unflushed and no showers after morning runs are irritating, they also allow us empathize with people who live like this every day. Big problems like this need big solutions.
Mad For Munich And Its Fairy Tale King Let's lift our steins to poor Ludwig, the original fairy tale king.
Destination Of The Week It's been dreary here in New York City, with day after day of heavy humidity and neverending rain. We've been trapped inside
Tips For Traveling In Tuscany Summer is primo travel-to-Italy season. If there's anyone who knows what that means, it's La Bandita owner John Voigtman
'Fifty Shades Of Grey' Replaces Bible At England's Damson Dene Hotel The irony is that the Damson Dene Hotel, located in England\u2019s Lake District, was purchased from a Methodist group 10 years
Why Travelers Should Still Be Booking Greece Trips The travel media has a great deal of power to correct errors in perception and help restore the image of Greece as a perfect destination for a summer vacation.
Peru Celebrates The Absurdity Of The Past By Embracing It (PHOTOS) Peru's Christian faith is a spoil of war, but no less genuine for being coerced. Likewise, the Incan culture is mourned despite being obviously extant.
Escape From Hong Kong During Typhoon Vincente (PHOTOS) On the morning of the 24th, I crossed from the mainland into Hong Kong and boarded an airport shuttle for Hong Kong International.  There were so many trees and branches down along the highway that I arrived just as my flight to Osaka was supposed to take off.
In Spain, Better Living Through Tourism Spain's tourism boom traces its roots to the rebuilding of the country after the dictator Francisco Franco -- the man most responsible for the \economic backwardness of Spain and the poverty of its people\ that Frommer observed -- fell from power in 1975. But the Barcelona Olympics are widely credited with being Spain's big coming-out party, the catalyst that launched the country into the upper echelons of tourist destinations.
Top 5 Cheapest Greek Island Escapes (PHOTOS) Beautiful white sand beaches mirrored by whitewashed houses lined along the mountainside, the breathtaking Greek Islands are everything you expect and more. And with prices dramatically down this year, why not experience the mystical beauty which has captured the hearts of all who visit since the time of the Gods?
When In Rome, Roam In the early days of summer, the air in Rome is filled with the heady scent of something as sweet as honey. It's rincospernum, a plant in the jasmine family that blooms all over the city.
Inside New Orleans' Giant Music Box (VIDEO) The unbelievably strange and beautiful music box shantytown sits in the historic Bywater section of town.
Travel, Get Naked And Start Living Life July 9 to 15 was the 37th anniversary of Nude Recreation Week. Over the weekend there was a fun, very successful nude body painting event held at nudist and clothing optional resorts all across America. Our guests had a blast.
Track Records I'm sitting in a cabin on the Trans Siberian Railway with a Russian army officer's huge fingers clasped around my throat. He bellows into my face from about six inches away.
What London Toilets And Cape Town Parking Lots Have In Common I have more bad news about the U.S. economy. Three times, over two days, on two different continents, I couldn't give my American dollars away.
Eureka Springs Is Arkansas' Artsy Ozark Oasis In fact, under part of Beaver Lake lies the remains of the failed resort town of Monte Ne, which was flooded when the man-made lake was created in the 1960s.
'The Bachelorette' The five-night package, of course, offers welcome roses, as well as a host of other extras like meals and activities. Rates
Disney World Hotels Planning a trip to Walt Disney World can be a daunting task. To make things easy, here's a round up of a few of the Florida hotels, sorted by personality, to help you find the right fit.
Mykonos, Of Course It was no surprise that my best week last summer was the time I spent on Mykonos. Strangely enough, even being Greek-American, I had never been to this gorgeous Aegean locale.
Jamaica Beyond The Resorts (PHOTOS) Beyond the all-inclusive booze-fest, there's a different Jamaica full of reggae, secluded beaches, jerk chicken, and lush rainforest.
A New Era Of Openness In Myanmar I've waited for nearly three decades for this moment in history. A new era of openness and optimism is dawning in Myanmar (Burma), akin to what Europe experienced at the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989.
Rhodes Passengers joke about the main thing they know about Rhodes as they come ashore on tours of this island off the southern coast of Turkey. \How many Colossuses does it take to screw in a lightbulb?\ quips one. Another chuckles, \I wonder where the Wonder is.\
Does The TSA Have A Little Penis Problem? (VIDEO) Whether you are fortunate to have the world's largest recorded penis or need to enhance your manhood with a pump, you can probably agree that the airport screening process has to respect your dignity and privacy.
The Inhabited Gardens Of An Eco-Modern Balinese Resort Perched on an elevated plateau adjoined with soaring limestone cliffs, Alila Villas Uluwatu, a stunning eco-chic boutique resort with picturesque views of the cerulean Indian ocean, is an exquisite model of eco-modern design.
Celebrating Horses In Tajikistan's Mountainous Murghab Girl gets on horse. Guy gets on different horse. Girl starts galloping. Guy follows five seconds after. Guy catches up to girl. Guy kisses girl. Guy wins.
Michael Jackson Remembered Forever In Munich It is worth noting that though every country has its own leader, there was only one \King of Pop.\
Thailand It hopes to attract 21 million visitors this year, among them big spenders. Other headlines are less dramatic but equally
The Hipster Olympics Take Berlin By Storm (PHOTOS) The winners and the losers accepted the results with grace, insisting that they really didn't care anyway. The winning team
5 Hipster Destinations You Probably Haven't Heard Of (PHOTOS) Attention hipsters
7 Tips For Nomads On A Budget Knowing why you're traveling is just as important as where and when you're setting off.
Coming Soon Forty-three years ago, Neil Armstrong became the first man to set foot on the moon. Nowadays, the idea of vacation on the moon is gaining traction with the American public.
Venice In 24 Hours Rather than dwell too long on the bridge, turn right and descend into the Pescaria and Erberie, the fish and vegetable markets.
Lisbon Deserves Its Title As European City Of The Year Flickering shadows danced languidly across the walls and, as my eyes adjusted to the murky atmosphere, I saw two men playing guitars and a heavy-set, 50-ish woman swaying to the rhythm.
10 Memorable Swim-Up Bars (PHOTOS) You won't have to worry about falling off the stool.
Apollo 11 Flight Director Gene Krantz Explains How To Park On The Moon Stout and brawny and still looking like a marine drill instructor at 78, Krantz set the record straight for me.
What To Do With Two Weeks In England With all eyes on London this year, there's more reason than ever to plan a trip to Britain.
The New York Finger Lakes Today this beautiful region -- dotted with historic cities, vast farmland, vineyards, dramatic gorges and waterways -- is a fun place to visit for all kinds of reasons.
7 Deals For Seven Wonders For all of the \wonderlust\ travelers itching to be marveled, check out these seven deals for Seven Wonders.
London's 5 Most Stylish Hotels (PHOTOS) Most luxury properties in the Old Smoke boast attractive rooms and elegant lobbies, but some go above and beyond with chic, high-style looks.
As Arab Spring Continues, Oman Looks To A Future Of Tourism (PHOTOS) No wonder. All the activities and developments aside, Muscat is memorable city that offers an intriguing blend of native
10 Tips For Better Vacation Photographs (PHOTOS) Any photographer -- professional or amateur -- can use simple tips to help them take better vacation photos.
Meeting Dennis Rodman's Dad In His Philippine Bar The dusky streets were packed with paunchy and pale older white guys, wearing socks and sandals and chain smoking, arm in arm with attractive Filipina ladies thirty years their junior.
3 Most Popular Valleys To Hike In The Dolomites The Italian Dolomites, with over 90,000 acres of breathtaking mountainous terrain, offer a glimpse of nature at its very best.
Palacio Belmonte A chance encounter in a coffee shop led me to one of the most veiled secrets in Lisbon, and the history of the place is the story of Portugal itself.
The Best Of Mykonos Far flung beaches, majestic sunsets, meze, mastika and non-stop music make Mykonos a must-see when you're touring the Greek islands.
Florida's Natural Springs Are The Real Fountains Of Youth To dive or snorkel in them is to experience an otherworldly sensation, a weightless flight through an underwater garden shaped by water clear as a lens, gnome-like rock formations, darting fish and billowing aquatic plants.
The Lady's Guide To The TSA Perhaps if we all adhered to some simple Security Manners, our lines will move a little swifter.
Best U.S. Cities For Live Music (PHOTOS) Paving the way for the rest of the world -- from bluegrass to hip-hop, country to surf rock -- cities around the country are famous for putting new music on the map.
Top 12 Reasons To Visit The Rhone Alpes, France (VIDEO) Amazing culinary, blissful new spas, award winning wineries and world-class resorts, what's not to love about France's Rhone Alpes region?
A Girl And Her Greek Island I had heard about the small port town of Agios Nikolaos on the northeastern part of the island and became obsessed when a friend told me about the old-school glamour that awaited at Minos Beach Art Hotel.
The Most Romantic Italian Cities (PHOTOS) There are over 100 ways to say 'I love you' in Italian. There's even a saying in some parts of Europe that promises that 'a visit to Italy can save even the biggest crisis in a relationship'. People who have ever visited Italy will instantly believe that this is true, as most Italian cities are capable of defrosting even the coldest hearts.
Marrakech, Morocco Sees Hotel Boom (PHOTOS) Marrakech has been having a moment (in the travel press, at least) since the famous La Mamounia reopened to much fanfare
Seven Secret Destinations That Will Make You Smile (PHOTOS) While I won't divulge my truly favorite places -- lest they succumb to and suffer from either the so-called Woody Allen Effect or a dreaded Year in Provence-like backlash (aka Loving it to Death Syndrome) -- here are my seven somewhat off-the-radar secret destinations that I love visiting over and over again:
The Ultimate Checklist For Exotic Trips Criss-crossing the globe is a traveler's dream. But far-flung locales require more prep work than domestic ones. Here are the top 10 things to do and gadgets to grab before you go off the grid.
Vacation Rentals For First Timers Renting a vacation home for the first time may feel like a big deal. Many travelers are so conditioned to book the cookie-cutter hotel room that they don't know there's another way.
Terra Encantada, An Abandoned Theme Park In Rio De Janeiro (PHOTOS) Opened in 1998, the park closed after a 61-year old woman fell to her death on a ride. Terra Encantada has been empty since. But it won't remain in this state for long -- the site is ripe for redevelopment in preparation for the Olympics.
Two Natural Oases In Southern California I visit the gardens regularly and am always hushed by the sensation of stepping into a foreign land.
America's Most Charming Inns (PHOTOS) The ten boutique properties on this list deliver top-notch service, delicious food (marquee chefs, on-site cooking schools and organic gardens are commonplace) and doses of Americana.
Eight Effective Ways To Live Like A Local When You Travel The world is increasingly accessible and travelers are more and more educated about their destinations.
JetBlue Cancellations Ruined My Vacation Before It Started I apologize in advance if this comes off as an angry rant, that's the coffee talking. Then again, I wouldn't be up at 4 a.m. going strong on four cups were it not for JetBlue.
Delta Needles (CNN) -- What rules must a turkey sandwich follow in order to board an airplane? With the six needles found in sandwiches
Route 6 Has Been Ignored And It's Jack Kerouac's Fault \On the road-map was one long red line called Route 6 that led from the tip of Cape Cod clear to Ely, Nevada, and there dipped down to Los Angeles.\
What's The Future Of Farming In Bucks County? (PHOTOS) In its former life as a dairy farm, Slack Farm was such a community staple that the very street it sits on carries its name
The Best Road Trips From Houston, TX (PHOTOS) One of Space City's greatest assets is its close proximity to some of the other most unique and cultured cities.
Black Point Inn After catching the morning Jet Blue flight from JFK to Portland, I hopped in a taxi and within 20 minutes I was at the Black Point Inn in the exclusive, seaside community of Prouts Neck.
Things To Know About Rifugios In The Dolomites The term \rifugi\ translates to mountain refuge, and the Dolomites offer a vast network of these mountain huts located throughout the region.
Reasons To Visit Cheverny Castle The Loire Valley is home to some of the most intriguing and beautiful landmarks in all of France. The Chateau de Cheverny is no exception. Today the castle remains open to the public and is remarkably intact, with virtually no changes having been made to it in the past 350 years.
Tips To Help You Not Get Robbed While Traveling Overseas Here are some tips to keep in mind in order to not get robbed while traveling overseas
The Best Of Newfoundland Moose, mountains and mankind. I recently experienced all that and more as my wife and I explored the wonders of Newfoundland.
Where To Stay In Puglia, Italy Subscribe to Dream of Italy and immediately access our recent special report on Puglia as well as nearly 100 other back issues
Nine Things We Love About Charleston, SC Charleston has more things to do than can comfortably be listed in a short round-up, but here are nine of my favorites.
State Fair Foods That Will Make You Proud To Be An American (Maybe) (PHOTOS) We found only-in-America state fair treats. Naturally, all but two are fried.
Sir Richard Branson So here's to the birthday boy. We hope for nothing less than many more ideas to come. Correction
Thinking In German Germanic people even seem efficient about hedonism. Every country seems to have its own firewater. While I gingerly sip it, locals throw it down in a gulp.
Keep That Swimsuit Body While on Vacation Vacation
Destination Of The Week There is absolutely no way getting around it. Our brains have gone to the beach on this steamy Tuesday. Instead of drowning
Lisbon's Santo Antonio Festival Marks The Eruption Of Summer The first of several saints days celebrated in Portugal, it marks the beginning of the city's many summer festivals.
Spotlight On Seattle Fortunately, our \What to Do in Seattle\ list includes outdoor and indoor fun just in case the clouds get too ominous.
Why Stare at the Floor in an Elevator When You Can Have a Conversation? Career consultants are fond of suggesting you be careful what you say and do because people are always watching. Are you giving them a good show?
25 European Travel Ideas For Summer 2012 (PHOTOS) It is the perfect summer to head to Europe.
Stockholm's Top Five Spots For \Swedish Tea\ Fika time is the time to catch up with co-workers or friends, but it also counts as a perfectly acceptable first date.
B&B Etiquette While most travelers are familiar with the \rules\ when they check in at hotels and resorts, they may not know what to expect -- or what is expected of them -- when they stay at a B&B for the first time.
Track Records When Povilas came back he had a shot glass, a bottle of Jack Daniels and a packet of Marlboro Red in his hands. God help me, I thought.
More Vegan Eats In Austin Since Austin has so many great places to find healthy, vegan, gluten free and other tasty special diet eats, I thought I'd come back for round two.
10 Dirty Hotel Fees You Should Never Pay If you've ever booked a hotel room only to be slammed with severe sticker shock upon check-in, you know that sometimes surprise fees can undermine the value of a great room rate. Read our list of the worst such fees so you can arrive prepared the next time you book a hotel room.
Zermatt Revisited It's one of our all time favorite travel destinations in summer, Switzerland's Zermatt with its world famous Toblerone look-alike peak.
Ask Airfarewatchdog Answering questions about carry-on bag fees and flights to Hawaii.
Exploration It is clear that as science and technology continue to provide for an expanding set of resources, exploration is being transformed as never before.
Estes Park Postcard It's quiet and calm here, away from houses, roads and traffic. Restorative is the word.
When Letting Go On Vacation Isn't Easy On a recent trip to Florence, I did something radical. I cut myself off.
The Control of an In-Flight Purser The entire flight was under Ted's control, he knew it, and it was almost a dictatorship. No fun, no class, and mixed with a bit of fear to stand up, or even to sit in your seat.
Travel Matters Contradictory economic forces have merged to intensify a growing trend in travel
Calgary With Kids Calgary is so much more than \Cowtown,\ and is a wonderful spot (and starting point) for a family vacation.
Along For The Ride Though comestibles are always near the top of my list when I travel, there were also museum visits, new hotels to check out and an amazing trip to Niagara Falls to witness Nik Wallenda tightrope from the US to Canada.
Dinklesbuhl, Germany Where to Stay
In Switzerland, An Inn That Spans Five Generations (PHOTOS) In today's world of homogenization, TV, clash of civilizations, instant need for gratification and signs of danger all around, this five-generation family inn is an example for hope.
10,000 Miles. 10,000 Books. One Amazing Adventure. The aim was to drive from England to Mongolia. The reality was that I found myself lying on a hospital bed in a distant land. A broken collarbone and bruised ego in tow.\u00a0Violent car crashes\u00a0can sometimes do that to you. But this year I am trying again.
Munich Is For People, Not Cars Munich pedestrianized its main street for the 1972 Olympics, starting a trend in Europe.
America's Cheapest Airports (PHOTOS) Among America's cheapest places to fly are a number of lesser-known airports in big cities across the country, new data from
London Travel London is known as a notoriously expensive town, and the dollar to pound exchange rate isn't helping matters. The good news
Bikinis, Texas The town was first established in 1913, when the San Antonio, Fredericksburg and Northern Railroad laid tracks between Fredericksburg
Ten Tips To Stay Safe While Traveling Abroad I've been fortunate enough to travel all around the world but also witnessed an unbelievable array of street scams and hustles. But please don't let that discourage you from grabbing your passport and exploring the beautiful world we live in; you'll find most places to be as safe as your front porch if you exercise some basic rules of caution.
Mozio There are more than 40 different flight search engines out there, but when it comes to getting to and from the airport or buses or trains, no one seems interested in helping. Until now.
3 Great Reasons To Cycle Bordeaux With a friendly, welcoming atmosphere that seems somehow frozen in time, Bordeaux features a wide variety of ideal terrain, lovely views and plenty of memorable stops along the way.
NY Congressman Introduces 'Families Flying Together Act 2012' Parents flying with small children have a new advocate in Washington.
For Disabled Fliers, TSA Adds Insult To Injury Pope John Paul II once said that society can be judged on the basis of how it treats its weakest members. Last week, the TSA added insult to injury for its most vulnerable passengers. And it seems passengers have already judged them for it.
Pittsburgh's Hill District The Hill, or \Little Harlem\ as it was referred to from the '30s thru the '50s, was one of the elite African-American neighborhoods in America. It was home to one of the most vibrant jazz scenes in the country, as well as one of its hottest clubs, The Crawford Grill, which was owned by Gus Greenlee.
Stopping Over In Slovenia (PHOTOS) In fact, Slovenia's compact dimensions are a boon for travelers
Michelle Obama Talks Travel In America And What Places She Wants To See (VIDEO, PHOTOS) On the top of her list was New Orlean's French Quarter, a place she's never seen. The First Lady lamented that, when they
America's Best Cities For Singles (PHOTOS) In some cities, a night out means martinis, high heels and velvet ropes. In others, even your good jeans might be too formal for the singles bar scene.
Born To Explore Filming people while traveling is always a sensitive issue. I always ask first and, if the subject demurs, I thank them politely and quickly put my camera away.
Political Hotels A super-secret conference hosted by the billionaire Koch brothers; a concert with $10,000 tickets featuring Mariah Carey; an uber-luxe weekend golf retreat in Deer Valley, Utah.
In The French Countryside, Serendipity Often Makes The Day \That's why we like France. We like surprises, and many people don't like to be surprised.\
Deciding Whether Or Not You're Actually American You might be United Statian...
My Dinner With The President Of Fiji How could you miss three burly guys wearing skirts?
Chinese Park Offers Discount To Women Wearing Miniskirts Coincidentally (or not) a water-splashing festival is taking place at the park during the mini-skirt campaign. \The stipulation
Deal-Driven American Road Trips Across the border in Texas and down I-90 is Beaumont, home to the world's third-largest fire hydrant, painted in Dalmatian spots, ready for its close-up.
10 Hotels With Museum-Worthy Art Galleries (PHOTOS) Many hotels play host to some excellent exhibitions with works by legends like Andy Warhol, Alison Shotz, and Henri Matisse, as well as up-and-coming local artists.
Swimming With Sharks In Cocos Island (PHOTOS) Jacques Cousteau, who visited Cocos numerous times, proclaimed it \the most beautiful island in the world.\ Visit it if you dare, knowing that you will never see the ocean the same way again.
5 Unexpected Budapest Highlights (PHOTOS) Pest, on the eastern bank of the Danube, is where the city's life and action is to be found.
Guilt Free Golf In Costa Rica I'm 13 minutes into my round and I'm already seeing something I'd usually see on a National Geographic special, a family of Howler monkeys.
The Coolest Cocktail Bars In Paris The young, in-the-know crowds congregate here for drinks not found anywhere else in Paris.
Ikea Paris Airport Leave it to Ikea to make a having a delayed flight fun. The Swedish home design giant has set up a temporary lounge in Paris
World Airline Awards 2012 Names World's Best Airlines (PHOTOS) Best Low Cost Airline 1) Virgin America 2) WestJet 3) Southwest Airlines 4) Frontier Airlines 5) Volaris 6) Spirit Airlines
Four Seasons Biltmore I don\u2019t know about you but I am really tired of wasting precious time looking for hotel deals on the Internet. Between all
Body Painting May Be The Best Part Of Nude Recreation Week Modern day skinny dippers and nudists are also bringing back total nude body painting, proudly proclaiming that bare skin is in once again and modern art can be fun to see and create.
Top Adventurous Activities In South America (PHOTOS) From diving with sharks to jumping out of a plane, I've injected bulks of adrenaline into my open-ended journey around the world.
A Day In The Life Of A Theme Park Character It is July, a few summers back, at Paramount's Kings Dominion theme park near Richmond, Va. And as Patrick the Starfish, SpongeBob SquarePants' best cartoon friend, I am the goofy hero of the afternoon.
TSA Denies Report That Agents Stole Candy From Deaf Man And Cursed Him Out The Transportation Security Administration is denying a widely-reported incident in which a deaf student accused the agency
The Closure Of Aquarius Reef Base And America's Scientific Ambitions The looming closure of America's last underwater base has caused too little scandal and not enough discussion of the future of scientific exploration.
Opening Doors With Art In Madeira, Portugal Two years ago, Jos\u00e9 Maria Montero had an idea -- to have artists paint the deteriorating doors of abandoned shops and homes.
Hotels Hire Adorable Pets As Greeters (PHOTOS) Though most hotels don't welcome pets, that hasn't stop some from using them as greeters.
Airlines Increase Fee For Same Day Changes American and United have increased their fee from a previous $50 to $75 and jetBlue now charges $50 instead of $40.
Portugal Is Everything You Expected And Much More There were certainly things that I expected to see and experience while traveling in Portugal ---- seafood, beaches, old churches -- but, for every expectation fulfilled, a surprise cropped up.
New Yorker For A Day When I travel to other places in the world, trotting with my camera, I always wish to have at least one or two images of myself that will capture the real essence of the place and myself in it.
Virgin America, Banana Republic Team Up to Bring Fashion Back to Flying Later this summer Virgin America will debut a new look for its flight and ground crew, but we got the exclusive preview at
Dinosaur Spotting In The American West Here are five top destinations in the western U.S. where you can get up close and personal with dinosaurs, ranging from kid-friendly day trips to serious multi-day digs with the pros.
The 10 Best Scenery-Stealing Biker-Worthy Stretches Of US Route 6 8. Gypsum, CO to Glenwood Springs, CO Through Glenwood Canyon; 24 miles. The word spellbinding falls way short in describing
How To Take Part In The Olympics Without A Ticket Do believe the hype
An Epic Quest To Find The Perfect New York Boutique Hotel The Night is definitely working the sexy angle, with its photos of near naked people, extra dim lighting and in-room copies of the Kama Sutra.
Ciudad Real International Airport Sits Abandoned In Central Spain (PHOTOS) The airport, nicknamed \Don Quixote\, offered high-speed rail connection to Madrid, some 150 miles away and was meant to
The Beatles' 'Yellow Submarine' Becomes A Quirky Liverpool Hotel Bubbles hopes to tackle \Titanic\ and \Pirates of the Caribbean\ themes next. Plus, there's another boat turned hotel to
Bubble Hotel Opens In Estonia's Matsalu National Park (VIDEO) The hotel, built by French architect Pierre-Stephane Dumas, has neither toilets nor other amenities likely found in hotels
Virgin America, Banana Republic Team Up to Bring Fashion Back to Flying With the help of Virgin America teammates (including cabin crew, pilots and gate agents), Banana Republic designed new uniforms that meet the requirements for a comfortable, functional and fashionable in-flight and on the ground wardrobe. The new uniforms are the result of an 18 month project between Virgin America and Banana Republic in which the retailer's top designers collaborated with the airline's creative and brand team to refit everyone from ground crew to pilots.
Track Records Passing through Moscow station is like running an obstacle course of soldiers, German Shepherds, metal detectors, policemen and two thousand irritable people.
Taipei's Museum Of Contemporary Art Offers A Voyage Into The Bizarre Western art can be pretty weird, but there's nothing quite as mind-bendingly bizarre as modern Asian art.
The Best Road Trips From Los Angeles (PHOTOS) Whether you're in town visiting and want to mix it up a bit, or you're a resident and want to get away from it all, start packing and hit the road!
Mazo Beach And The Case For More Nude Beaches in America There is one thing all skinny dippers in the Midwest agree upon
Virgin Galactic Passengers will be taken about 68 miles above Earth's surface, according to Discovery News, where they will experience several
Angela Merkel (And Many Other Europeans) Are Falling For Charming South Tyrol Walking past the well-kept chalets, cafes and hotels it is difficult to believe that Sulden, which also enjoyed a three-day
Jonathan Ullman Loves Las Vegas Jonathan Ullman is Executive Director of Las Vegas's new Mob Museum, the National Museum of Organized Crime and Law Enforcement
Boo, World's Cutest Dog, Is Now Official Pet Liaison For Virgin America (PHOTOS) Photos of the pooch aboard one of the airline's mood-lit aircraft at San Francisco International Airport popped up on Virgin's
Jonathan Ullman Loves Las Vegas Working in today's downtown Las Vegas, you cannot help but feel as though something amazing is coming, a tipping point, perhaps.
New DOT Regulations Could Allow Pigs To Fly, If They're Used For Emotional Support Singer Aubrey O'Day took some heat last month after she provided a doctors note, which apparently allowed her \emotional
Gary Coleman, 70-Year-Old Minister, Rides Roller Coaster 7,000 Times Coleman, a 70-year-old retired minister, told Fox 19 in Cincinnati that he began riding the coaster when it opened in 2009
Tampa Fights Miami In A War For Cuban Sandwich Supremacy Ybor City native Jack Espinosa scoffs at the notion that Cuban sandwiches were always pressed. \The only thing you pressed was your pants,'' he jokes
A Geological Tour Of Colorado National Monument This part of Colorado, a friend tells me, \is like a magical kingdom.\
The World's Fanciest Airport Lounges (PHOTOS) Instead of making travelers feel like they are on the wrong side of a quarantine -- and serving decidedly lack-luster food  -- these lounges offer first-rate amenities, privacy and calm.
Obscure International Ski Destinations Ever get tired of skiing at the same resorts across the U.S. or just want a total change of scenery? Do you like to travel and take some risks?
Climbing Volcano Maderas Thick, green trees bordered the crater on all sides and the water, dark and muddy, seemed mysterious underneath a murky fog that hovered over the lagoon like a looming storm.
The Price Of Paradise How do far-flung places come to be such tourist hot-spots -- and, perhaps more intriguingly, what are the local consequences?
Cornwall By The Sea And In The Garden While many visitors and residents of the city alike head to the idyllic Cotswold countryside, Cornwall has been perceived as a little too rustic, remote and rugged. But that is changing.
International Etiquette 101 No sophisticated traveler wants to commit a faux pas abroad. So study up a bit on protocol, manners, and formalities to avoid
Travel + Leisure's World's Best Hotels 2012 (PHOTOS) The results of the annual \Travel + Leisure\ survey are in and it is time to name the world's best hotels for 2012.
UPDATE Previously 2:15 p.m.
Nicki Minaj 'Fondled' By Airport Security By some reports, Minaj was heading back to the U.S. after performing at festivals in Scotland and England. According to Billboard
10 Essential Apps For Summer Travel Make the most of the season with these apps designed to help you on summer vacations both abroad and at home.
The Diamond Mills Hotel & Tavern A weekend getaway at Diamond Mills is perfect for outdoor enthusiasts who want to explore Saugerties and the surrounding region, which offers abundant activities year-round -- including hiking, bicycling and rock-climbing.
Mountaineering For Dummies Having backpacked extensively, I assumed climbing the 14,162 foot Mt. Shasta -- about a 4.5 hour drive from San Francisco -- would not be that hard. Yet while I grasped a rickety boulder around 12,000 feet, pummeled in the face by fierce snow-laced winds of 40 mph and shouting obscenities, I reconsidered that.
Before You Book Low Fares, Consider Fees After losing hours online, you've finally found what you believe to be the absolute best deal. Great! But before you commit, consider what you may have to cough up.
Coming To Terms With Austria's Nazi Past War isn't something for museums.
Versailles Commuter Train Designed In Homage To French Palace (PHOTOS) A commuter train in Paris has gotten a bit of a face lift...to the effect of the Palace of Versailles. A train on the RER
'Toy Story' Attraction Opens At Tokyo DisneySea Tokyo DisneySea is the fifth most visited theme park in the world, according to The Japan Daily Press. Taking a cue from
CBS Travel Editor's Favorite Car-Free Adventures In search of some new car-free travel tips, I met up with Peter Greenberg, CBS News Travel Editor, Emmy award-winning producer and author of Like a Local Michelin guides. Here is his advice on how to be more responsible on (or rather off) the road.
New (Old) Road Trip Music More Americans go on road trips in the summer than any other time of year and part of the fun is -- what songs do we want to hear on the playlist?
Top Travel Blogs To Discover This Summer There are new travel blogs that are extremely interesting and also travel blog veterans that continue to publish great content. Here are some of my favorites.
How To Turn A Deal Into A Dream Trip Sometimes a \deal\ is no deal at all. But sometimes it's just a few tweaks away from the trip of a lifetime. This is the story of how I turned a low-budget Caribbean cruise -- on a crowded megaship with a run-of-the-mill \u00aditinerary -- into my family's best vacation in years.
Beat The Summer Heat While people are making plans for taking off on their summer vacations, this smart group of Americans will literally be taking off this summer. They'll be taking off their clothes while on a fun nude vacation which are also called nakations.
How To There is no need in Paris, if it's not within your budget, to even walk inside a museum as there is beauty all around you.
Summer Travel Trends And Destinations (INFOGRAPHIC) Our infographic on where people are going for summer vacations can inspire you with ideas on where to go and how to save some money on the trip.
Among The Orangutans Of Malaysian Borneo (PHOTOS) Borneo is the only location, other than the Indonesian island of Sumatra, where the ginger apes live in the wild.
Swedish Passengers Panic After Distraught Stewardess Makes Vague Announcement Chaos broke out on a Malmo Aviation flight bound for Mallorca on Friday when an obviously distraught stewardess announced
Farnborough Air Show FARNBOROUGH, England, July 9 (Reuters) - Britain's economy will fall behind the rest of Europe unless London's capacity-constrained
Amid The Ash Of Italy's Pompeii Alternative (PHOTOS) Though Ercolano is slightly further from Mount Vesuvius than Pompeii, it is arguably better preserved.
Searching for Tigers in The Heart of India She moved a few feet ahead and crossed the road just 10-15 feet away, stopping on the other side for a moment to glare at me again before slipping back into the jungle.
Oxford Oxford is sui generis, literally \of its own kind.\ Poet Matthew Arnold described it as \that sweet city with her dreaming spires.\ It is home to the oldest university in the English-speaking world. To pop culture fans, Oxford is something more.
Who's Afraid Of The Bomb-Making Barista? (VIDEO) Timing was never the TSA's thing.
Our Girl In Havana Here, there are no billboards. Instead, it's a constant interplay between state-sponsored murals and guerilla graffiti artists.
The Nantucket's Grand Opening (PHOTOS) When visiting Nantucket, you can be part of the past and present. Either way, I would say it's all about family on this island 30 miles off the coast of Massachusetts.
Meeting The Locals At Fiji's Namale Resort Tony Robbins, the self-help guru who turned the former coconut plantation into the five-star haven, aptly describes the resort as \killer plush.\
Trains While there are plenty of options available, from taxi to minibus, one of the most popular means of transport in France is train. If you're planning a visit in the near future, here are a few tips and pointers on train travel in France to help keep you safe and organized in your travels.
A Different Kind Of Travel From my volunteering experiences in Guatemala, the most valuable lesson I took away is that learning by helping others is truly a priceless reward.
Five Best Interactive History Parks In The US Last year, as I drove across the country on its longest contiguous highway, US Route 6, I came across what I consider the best attractions where kids (and our inner children), can get dirty, run around and commune with nature.
Oyster Half Dozen We've already waxed poetic about our love of all beach hotels. Now we've done the research for you and found six of the greatest hotel beaches around the globe.
Raise The Roof Whether it's the fresh air, the towering views or the refreshing libation in hand, life at the top -- the rooftop, that is -- is good.
Skip The Flight And Drive To A Cruise This Summer More and more I'm noticing that cruise lines are promoting \home-port\ cruise travel, which is sailing on a ship that is within a two-hour drive from home.
Costa Rica Chronicles It's so beautiful you don't know how to describe it other than valleys of green mountains that dip and rise into the horizon, and where on a clear day you can see the giant lake that surrounds Arenal volcano three hours away.
Finding Bliss In A Solo Trip To Hawaii (PHOTOS) On my first morning on Oahu, I woke up to a double rainbow over the ocean, right outside my room at the Turtle Bay Resort.
Stratford, Canada My annual pilgrimage to the Stratford Shakespeare Festival stimulated the thought once again about what it's like to be in a community that devotes itself to beauty. That beauty matters in a town of Stratford's size and geography is not only unusual these days, but it summons a reflection about what beauty entails and why it is important for our lives.
Feels Like Home In Paris (PHOTOS) I've been to Paris a few times recently but in my latest visit I really felt like home there. Here's how.
5 Extreme Races For Travel-Hungry Crazy People (PHOTOS) These races take athletes through some of the world's most spectacular and rugged country, as well as to the boundaries of what humans can endure.
Mixing Business With Pleasure we say you might as well take advantage of your company-paid airfare and at least stay through the weekend.
Embracing The Bathroom Buzz The hallway leading to the restrooms is covered with images of trees and leaves.  Inside, orange and gold colors and silhouettes of birds resemble the sky at dawn.
Gustave Eiffel's La Paz (PHOTOS) All of the artwork in the Museo de Arte Contemporaneo is for sale. Most of it is rather conventional in style. The architecture, however, is spectacular.
Francesco Schettino, Costa Concordia Captain, Credits 'Divine Hand' In Accident What influence the claims will have on the case against the captain, who stands charged with manslaughter and abandoning
The Sniff of Politics on Flight 447 The French government owns a substantial share of both Air France and Airbus, totaling more than $4 billion, and many experts believe it is questionable for a government to investigate a company it owns.
Airbnb It's billed as a \cozy and exceptional pool cabana\ with a queen bed, \amazing 5-headed shower\ and a \genuinely special
British Airways Will Google Passengers 'To Put A Face To The Name' BA says they hope to send out about 4,500 daily \personal recognition messages\ this year, The Telegraph reports. The Telegraph
Canaveral National Seashore Offers An Alternative To Florida Beaches In Florida You won't see parasailors, tiki huts, volleyball or cabana rentals. You may not see another human being.
10 Foods Around The World To Try Before You Die (PHOTOS) Food and travel go hand in hand, and there's no better way to delve deep into a destination than to try its most famous dishes.
Evil Is A Baby-Faced Loner With Braces Our first hotel in Pyongyang is a combination of Soviet realism and Vegas.
The Art Of Gallery Hopping Around The World Though notable art galleries are dotted around numerous neighborhoods in our favorite world cities, we're partial to dedicated gallery districts where a clutch of galleries is collected in one centralized place.
Georgetown, Colorado Has Old-Fashioned American Charm For more blog posts on Colorado,\u00a0click here. See my\u00a0whiz bang tour post here. You can take the short loop and then return
World Record Holding Sky Diver Talks Free Fall \At about 90,000 feet, I reached more than 600 miles per hour. The altimeter on my wrist was unwinding very rapidly, but there was no sense of speed.\
In Baja, One Turtle Saved Fifteen years ago the hawksbill sea turtle in my hands would have been hog-tied, whisked hundreds of miles, slaughtered and carved into trinkets. Today, it swam free.
A Spooky Tour Of Prague (VIDEO) Prague is known as one of the world's spookiest places, a city of haunted tales and piercing architecture, but the city is actually stranger than its strange reputation.
Fiji's Hidden \Bachelorette\ Paradise As my daughter, husband and I stepped off the plane at the tiny Savusavu airport in Fiji, the first thing I saw was a couple of cows tethered to a post.
Air France Flight 447 Investigation Finds Pilot Error Was Responsible For Crash Previous analyses of the crash have led to an outcry for better pilot training. The study, release today by the Bureau of
America's Most Crowded Beaches (PHOTOS) The fourth of July brings to mind fireworks, barbecue and, if you live in Ocean City, crowds.
William Shatner, The Negotiator, Returns To Priceline Ads (VIDEO) The Negotiator is back, but he's not on screen yet. While Shatner himself doesn't appear in the new ads, Teresa Caputo, from
Summer Festivals Offer Thrills Gratis (PHOTOS) You've been planning this July 4th since well before Memorial Day -- the barbecue, the fireworks, maybe a community parade -- but what about the rest of the summer?
Tom Cruise And Katie Holmes Should Head To These Divorce Getaways (PHOTOS) If weddings lead to honeymoons, divorces probably warrant a vacation as well.
Marco Island, Where Miami Goes On Vacation The road veers toward the settlement of Goodlands, now a trendy watering hole which calls itself a \drinking town with a fishing problem.\
Nashville's Destination For Chicken Lovers And Philanderers (PHOTOS) Prince's is on the sweaty side of town where the hard work gets done, where transmissions are being repaired and tires exchanged.
Planning A Cruise On The Disney Fantasy? Read Our Travel Guide Accommodations As with the entire ship, the staterooms on the Disney Fantasy are well-appointed and nicely decorated with
Costa Rica And The Return Of The Black Turtle Many of us care about the environment we travel in and want to take part in influencing it in a positive way. The Corcovado Foundation offers just that to travelers in Costa Rica.
5 Great Hikes For Kids In The Dolomites Hiking in the Dolomites isn't just for expert climbers. Families too can enjoy the extraordinary beauty and outdoor adventure of the area and create lasting memories while they're at it.
24 All-American Inns For July 4 (PHOTOS) As John Adams wrote about July 4, \It ought to be solemnized with pomp and parade, with shows, games, sports, guns, bells, bonfires and illuminations, from one end of this continent to the other, from this time forward forever more.\ He should've added a word about a stay in one of these inns.
Disneyland Travel Of course not. For more Disneyland fun, check out these five lost Disneyland rides and these awesome vintage Disneyland commercials
An Offbeat Day In Paris Even though the French invented the word blas\u00e9, there's plenty more fun to be had after you've done all the touristy stuff.
On The Grounds Of Floriade, The Willowman Lives In His Art (PHOTOS) A bearded recluse inspired by the architecture of nature, the Willowman, whose real name is Will Beckers, works on the village by day, and sleeps inside one of his creations by night.
The Photographic Inspiration Of Travelling (PHOTOS) I don't like to chase for pictures. If you hunt for them, they will never come to you. Instead me and my wife just held hands, walking, living our lives. And voil\u00e1, the images just kept coming, a new one around every corner in the labyrinths of Venice.
Track Records Largely saved from the type of mass destruction the war left in the West of Warsaw, Praga still has most of its original architecture. Ironically, it's older than the old town.
The Best Places To Watch NYC's July 4 Fireworks Show (PHOTOS) At this point in the summer, every city in the U.S. is gearing up to the July 4 celebrations with plans for parades, fireworks, performances and street fairs. But few can match what New York has up its sleeve this year to mark Independence Day.
Smithsonian's Top 10 Travel Photos Of The Year (PHOTOS) The pictures offer not only a glimpse of the wider world, but inspiration to hit the road in search of memorable moments and unforgettable views.
Fourth Of July State capitals may be hotbeds of partisan madness, but they are also the hubs around which local economies, cultures and sentiments spin.
Fourth Of July Move over New York
Jim Carrier, Former Denver Post Columnist, Starts Second Life Sailing, Blogging Before being pushed out by the editor of the Denver Post in 1997, veteran journalist Jim Carrier [See bio] claims he had
Pardon My French The international crowds in search of sand, sea and that golden Provencal sun are arriving in hordes now and the town is filling up.
How To Keep Kids Happy In Rome The trick to having a successful family vacation in Rome and keeping your sanity along the way is in the pre-planning.
Top 15 Things To Do In Chiang Mai, Thailand (VIDEO) What I really love about Chiang Mai is all the different things you can do from cooking schools and elephant treks to visiting colorful markets and world-class spas.
Braving A Wild Ropes Course In Arizona (VIDEO) I'm always up for a challenge so when I heard about the new high ropes challenge course at Canyon Ranch in Tucson, Arizona
An Environmentally Conscious Traveler's Toolbox Jetting around the globe is a wonderful way to gain a better appreciation of our planet, but it bloats your carbon footprint, which isn't good for the Earth.
Does The TSA Think You Are Stupid? (POLL) After more than a decade of deceptive rhetoric, followed by brief periods of self-serving silence, public discontent with the TSA is about to boil over.
Melville's Mysterious Marquesas Then And Now Over the centuries the Marquesas' allure has proven particularly compelling to adventurers, artists, musicians and writers.
How To Get The Most Out Of European Rail Passes Once you've settled into your seat aboard one of Europe's fine trains, let go of your buyer's remorse and enjoy the ride.
Nomading Film Festival Celebrates Travel Videos At NYC Youth Hostel For those of us for whom storytelling and traveling are inseparable, this new state of affairs, in which we have so much power to create and share, carries responsibility. Mainly, don't waste your viewers' time and tell a good story.
Prince William, Kate Middleton Dropped More Than $80,000 On Plane Tickets From LA To London According to documents released on Monday, the former Kate Middleton and Prince William dropped around $80,000 on their one
Great Beach Destinations For This Summer (PHOTOS) But while some of us are happy with just a patch of sand and a salty sea breeze, others hit the beach with a little something specific in mind.
Track Records I must admit, I hadn't heard of Die Antwoord before.
Nazi Olympic Village Remains Abandoned 76 Years Later (PHOTOS) The London Olympics begin in just under a month and city officials already have a detailed plan for what will become of the
U.S. Road Trips Get out of the city and into the great wide open. Pack up and hit the highway with this list of weekend road trip destinations
The Ultimate Plane Survival Kit Flying isn't what it used to be. So long silverware, farewell free food, hello plastic cup of luke-warm Diet Coke. Between
The Ultimate London 2012 Guide Roll up, roll up... ...For the greatest show on Earth. As if there weren't enough reasons to visit London, this year the
Sleeping Above A Vineyard (PHOTOS) Not ready to stir from relaxation mode, we went back to our treehouse for an extra soak in the outdoor bathtub.
Born to Explore The next day, we climbed the bowl-like side of the Great Barranco Valley and, by early afternoon, we reached our camp at Lava Tower, a 200-foot spur of orange volcanic rock.
Track Records Wherever you go in Berlin the urban artwork hammers the senses, nowhere more so than this squat that's been turned into one of the world's most unique creative spaces.
Chef Marcus Samuelsson On Eating All Over The World Ethiopian-born, Gothenburg-raised and Harlem-settled chef Marcus Samuelsson took the flavors of his international past and infused them into his new memoir.
Inside the TWA Flight Center At New York's JFK Airport (PHOTOS) This was the cathedral to aviation, if there ever was one, and you feel through the design the pride and optimism the aviation industry had then.
The Best Road Trips From Boston (PHOTOS) Boston's non-stop vibe can seriously wear a resident out. So get your bags packed and set your GPS
Top Apps For Rome With Rome having hundreds of restaurants and cultural sights, and a lightly confusing transport etiquette, I rely on a few apps to get me through my days. So here's what's on my phone.
Imagine If Justin Bieber's Fans Redirected Their Passion If only we could channel the passion of Justin Bieber's fans into something useful.
Ask Airfarewatchdog So, does any airline still have a Rule 240?
Life Of The Potty Who hasn't ducked into a hotel to make use of a clean public restroom while on vacation?
The Most Exquisite Honeymoon Resorts (PHOTOS) Wedding season brings festivities and families together, but after the ceremony is over its time to celebrate -- in private.
William Shatner's Pants Fall During TSA Check \It was awful to have people looking at me with my pants down,\ Shatner later said, \probably the most embarrassing thing
Travel Gadgets For Summer 2012 (PHOTOS) Years ago summer was lo-fi -- a season more about escape than entertainment. No longer.
Jose Serrano, American Eagle Flight Attendant, Yells At Passengers On Intercom After Flight Delayed 5 Hours (VIDEO) Airline spokesman Ed Martelle said that the airline is investigating the incident. \u201cFrom what we can determine, this is just
Tokyo Travel Tokyo gets its close up in Vimeo user Lukas Backland's film shot during a week-long vacation to the Japanese capital. The
A Chef's Trip To Rome (PHOTOS) I love this city, everything about it and even, perhaps especially, the things many people hate about it
A Parking Garage Plays Canvas In Colorado (PHOTOS) When you look at the drawings, you see masks, mammals, human forms,  weapons, statues, night sky insects, birds, elementary math, reptiles, feet and hand prints.
Europe's Secret Hot Spots (PHOTOS) The continent is so varied that even with 17 countries sharing the euro currency, it can barely keep from splintering back into thousands of microcultures.
Low-Budget Airline To Take Off In Africa A new airline is looking to make air travel more affordable in Africa. Fastjet plans to launch in the next three to four
A Supposedly Fun Thing That Was Fun LAURA PLANTATION A tour of Laura Plantation could qualify as a class in the pre-Civil War south. The guides' expertise runs
A Tour Of The World's Biggest Cruise Ship (VIDEO) What does it take to stock a ship this size? Ten thousand rolls of toilet paper, for starters.
Top 5 Thrills In Puerto Rico (VIDEOS) The only tropical forest in the United States National Forest System, El Yunque offers ample hiking trails, many that lead to waterfalls worth an afternoon swim.
Europe's Secret Hot Spots (PHOTOS) Americans can't get enough of Paris, as becomes painfully clear each summer, when it swarms with tourists. Relief waits a
World's Best-Reviewed Hotels, According To Expedia (PHOTOS) Expedia released its sixth-annual Insiders\u2019 Select hotel rankings, culled from more than 500,000 reviews by Expedia customers
Palm Springs' Mid-Century Marvels (PHOTOS) As I toured some of the iconic desert modern homes, I suddenly got it.
'Trip Flip,' New Travel Show, Is More Than Your Average Vacation (VIDEO) First stop
Old-Time Skagway For two years at the end of the century, a gold strike in the Yukon region of western Canada lured shiploads of wanna-be miners to the area, many by way of the tiny northern Pacific port of Skagway. Between newcomers to town and the lucky few who came back from Dawson with gold dust in their pokes, upwards of 15,000 miners typically could be found moseying around Skagway's 70 saloons and dancehalls on a given day.
Adventures With Mezcal In Cafe No Se I knew instantly this was going to be my home away from home, especially since it had been described in one reviews as dark smoky places with surly bartenders, drunks who speak Latin, soulful musicians, oddballs and freaks.
Ponte Vedra Beach Florida Every May thousands of golf fans head to Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida for The Players, arguably the most noted tournament outside the four majors and certainly the most fan-friendly. The rest of the year, this amicable town located in St. Johns County, Florida, just south of Jacksonville, is a haven for golfers.
11 New Amusement Park Rides Worth Waiting In Line For (PHOTOS) New-this-summer amusement park rides around the world that we think will be worth the wait in those mind-numbing lines.
The Best Hotels For Foodies In New York City (VIDEO) New York has more to offer than the glittering lights of Times Square or the chic shops lining SoHo's streets -- it also has one of the greatest food scenes in the entire world.
Hunting For Lions In Tanzania As another day shattered the darkness that the night brings we were on full alert, ready to capture all that the Selous Game Reserve threw at us.
Art Nouveau, Born Again In Budapest (PHOTOS) There is good news for lovers of Art Nouveau, one of Europe's oddest cultural phenomena.
Neither Here Nor There Moving abroad. It sounded so E.M. Forster, so glamorous. Then I moved to the Middle East.
Solo Travel Traveling alone, whether you're a man or a woman, is one of those taboo things for some people and is the most adventurous way to travel for others. It can be the single most rewarding travel experience that you will have or it can be lonely and depressing. It's all what you make of it.
July Fourth Travel The Fourth of July is a pretty awesome holiday, what with all the fireworks, cookouts, brews, and parades. Chances are, most
Bruce McGill Loves Kiawah, South Carolina Bruce McGill is an actor originally from San Antonio, Texas most famous for playing Walter Hagen in \The Legend of Bagger
In Sweden, A Hotel Room For A Work Of Art Guests who check in to the Clarion Hotel Stockholm can get their room night comped if they submit an original work of art
Bruce McGill Loves Kiawah, South Carolina There's nothing like the prehistoric eyes of an eight-foot gator gliding toward you to make you hit a golf shot efficiently.
How To Get To Somalia Without Getting Killed By Pirates (VIDEO) Attacks are unlikely on Somali ships and for a fee tourists can hitch a ride from Yemen with some cargo. In my case, there were a lot of cookies involved.
8 Ways To Experience Japanese Culture (PHOTOS) This is a place where you can spend the afternoon at an elegant historical tea ceremony and the evening at a loud, blinking internet cafe.
Track Records You turn around a corner and find 200 people descending onto a little junction, drinking mojitos, smoking joints and dancing to hip hop booming out of makeshift DJ booths.
Five Types Of People To Avoid On Planes The baffling behavior of some travelers can turn a pleasant flight into purgatory, but there are strategies you can use to reclaim your peace of mind.
Ft. Lauderdale Grows Up (PHOTOS) The beauty of travel within the Unites States is that we have a country with such a diverse landscape you really don't have to spend a lot or cross borders to experience a tropical paradise.
The Unexpected Beauty Of A Viennese Ball (PHOTOS) You've been invited to get all gussied up in black-tie or flowing gown for an elegant soir\u00e9e of waltzing and sipping champagne. Did anyone mention that the affair was to be held in a horse stable?
America's 10 Best Burgers, According To National Geographic As we've worked our way through National Geographic's \The 10 Best Of Everything,\ we've stepped into the best historic homes
The Dominican Republic Wants You To Vacation Like A Kardashian The Dominican Tourism Ministry is celebrating the Kardashian's visit.
Inside Francis Ford Coppola's New Italian Hotel (PHOTOS) While few people can afford a night at Palazzo Margherita, most can appreciate the sentiment and drive behind what might be considered one of Coppola's greatest works.
The Best Road Trips From Charlotte, NC (PHOTOS) The Queen City is highly-cultured, but it is just the start.
Winston-Salem's Wine Country The iconic brand created by  R. J. Reynolds in 1875 has all but disappeared and the new players in town include a bevy of wineries that are taking the area by storm.
100 Days I didn't want my nerves to distract me from my experiences abroad, so on a whim, I bought myself a journal and challenged myself to write, every day, for the next 100 days. Writing every day will help me to capture moments during my travels that I hope to remember for years to come -- little happenings that make a world of difference.
Tourism of Destruction, Tourism of Construction Tourism is a business involving a billion people a year meeting several other billion people whose lives they profoundly
Coyote Teeth Dentures And Other Oddities On US Route 6 Brooklyn, CT. A herd of buffalo in the rolling hills of northern Connecticut?
Can Budget Travelers Enjoy Norway? Maybe. I departed Norway with my finances mostly intact and only slightly thinner than when I arrived.
Track Records The great cities of Europe, Mongolia, China and Vietnam are ahead of me, but introspection is my default, the trait that got me in this mess.
'Son Of Concorde' Jet To Fly From London To Sydney In Four Hours The new \Son of Concorde\ jets, codenamed codenamed X-54, will be able to fly faster than 4,000 km/h, which is about double
Rome Tourists Caught Stealing Cobblestones, Artifacts From Eternal City Tourists to Rome are attempting to take more goodies home than just gifts from the Colosseum gift shop. Area airport screeners
USA #1 Seems our Calvinist Puritan-inspired work ethic, in pursuit of that growing more and more elusive American Dream, is getting the better of us. Long gone is that great American motto of getting away from it all.
Maine's Most Memorable Tourist Trap? (POLL) Monhegan Island, Maine, is almost too pretty for words. That's probably how the problem started
South Dakota Straddles The Border Between Old And Otherworldly (PHOTOS) The highlight of many trips, seeing buffalo and moose, is tainted somewhat when you see those majestic beasts are again on a local menu.
Blue Ivy, Beyonce And Jay-Z's Daughter, Named Honorary Citizen Of Hvar, Croatia Bebic also invited the family to visit Hvar, which is the sunniest town in Croatia, claiming that tourism has dramatically
Air Travelers Rank Their Biggest Pet Peeves When boarding a plane, is it your neighbor's gangly exposed toes that make you cringe? Perhaps it's a moist seatmate who
Explore America Cape Ann boasts America's oldest seaport and art colony. You can go to the docks and watch fishermen come in with the day's catch.
9 River and Lake Getaways Better Than The Beach (PHOTOS) Whether you prefer picnicking on Tahoe's shores or cave tubing in Belize, fresh water has something to offer.
TSA Worker's Metal Detector Causes Evacuations, Delays At JFK Airport The Port Authority reopened the terminal around 11:45am, according to the Associated Press. Check out some other TSA blunders
Top 10 Places To Go After You Graduate (PHOTOS) They call it commencement for a reason.
The 10 Hottest New Bars Around The World (PHOTOS) What's a vacation without one amazing -- perhaps even epic -- evening out? Here are some of the world's most happening new spots.
A Russian Tour Of Brooklyn's Brighton Beach (VIDEO) As I entered a barbershop along Brighton Beach Avenue in Brooklyn, a record screeched. A crowd of women in fur coats who donned peroxide-processed coifs glanced at me, perplexed.
Lena Pettersson, Swedish Woman, Reimbursed By Kenya Airways For Sitting Next To Dead Man A Swedish radio broadcaster has been reimbursed by Kenya Airlines for an overnight flight on which she sat next to a dead
America's 5 Coolest Drive-In Theaters The best places to show off your wheels--not to mention catch a movie in the great outdoors--are these classic open-air theaters
Checking In At A Seaside Retreat In New Hampshire (PHOTOS) Presidential history, historic preservation and a stunning coastal drive are all part of what makes this New Hampshire resort so special.
Revel This glittery $2.4-billion resort and casino is attracting a lot of buzz to an oft-struggling seaside gambling mecca
5 Hotels Begging For A One-Night Stand (PHOTOS) We all like to get loose on vacation, and sometimes that means bringing strangers back to our rooms for afterhours fun. No judgments here, folks.
Getting The Best Of Ireland, Including Golf Getaways Ireland is suffering economically, so many hotels and restaurants are offering fantastic deals, where your dollar buys substantially more five-star services and amenities than you'll find elsewhere.
The Beauty Of Canada, Seen From The Rails (PHOTOS) If you ever dreamed of a long-distance rail journey through forests and along lake shores, stopping at picturesque little towns, maybe you should look north.
A Summer Stroll Through Le Marais And Surrounds In Paris Whether you've got a family in tow or are flying solo, though, Paris's charms don't have to be marred by long lines and overwhelmingly large crowds at tourist sites. The temperate weather invites strolls through quaint neighborhoods where you can lose yourself in local color.
Having A Lively Time At Israel's Dead Sea Splashing is usually a prerequisite for most seaside vacations. But a trip to Israel's Dead Sea is unlike any other beach holiday.
The Best Road Trips From New York City (PHOTOS) Home to about 8 million folks -- and tons of our readers -- the Big Apple is a behemoth destination to explore itself. But should you be longing to escape the crowded streets, know you're in similar company
Anguilla's Nearly Perfect Beaches (VIDEO) Anguilla's beaches are among the best in the world.
The World's Largest Goth Festival Paints Leipzig Black (VIDEO) Among the most stunning looks were Victorian mourning gowns and foot-long Mohawks.
Borneo Is For Jazz Lovers The island of Borneo is known for many things
Luxury In The Yachting Capital Of The World Factor in 3,000 hours of sun annually, and it's obvious why this South Florida town would be the ultimate Stateside haven for a boat-up luxury.
Med Student Rescues Body Part From Airport Security No, said airline security, you can't take this bottle onboard. It exceeds the 100 milliliter limit; it's forbidden. We have
ANA Jet's Landing Is So Rough, Plane's Fuselage Is Bent (VIDEO) We've seen our fair share of scary plane landings. Footage taken in Bilbao, Spain once showed planes bouncing around in the
Disney/Pixar's 'Brave,' Highlights The Beauty Of Scotland (PHOTOS) According to Safarian, the studio's staff ended up following a specific itinerary defined, oddly, by the honeymoon of Mark
Silicon Dragon Takes The Fast Track To Shanghai I recently took the high-speed train from Beijing to Shanghai and was surprised by how comfortable and enjoyable this trip of only five hours was.
5 Unusual Ways Of Seeing New York City There are two ways of coping with New York
The Ultimate Sharing Opportunity Today, the United Kingdom will celebrate its first National Sharing Day, established by The People Who Share. This organization is a trail blazing movement dedicated to building a global marketplace of sharing.
100 Years Of Change In The Antarctic Jean-Baptiste Charcot's expeditions are justly famous for their attention to the creature comforts of men and for success. He explored unknown areas of the Antarctic Peninsula.
Aruba's 'Harley Hotelier' Takes Guests On Motorcycle Rides Around The Island (PHOTOS) HPT
20 Ways To Cut Your Expenses And Have Money For Travel I want to highlight the ways I cut expenses before I left on my trip in order to save money for travel. There are some added ones in here too that didn't apply to me but might apply to you!
Kimberly Harms Loves Indianapolis Kimberly Harms loves sports, kids and Indianapolis, where she lives. She has previously worked in broadcasting, public relations
A Quick Visit To Berlin And Dresden Seeing some classic sights -- and some new ones -- on a trip to Berlin and Dresden.
Time Travel Students, numbering anywhere from 38 to 60, used slate pencils and ink bottles. Many routinely walked the two miles to school
JetBlue Flight's Hydraulic System Fails, Passengers Get Sick The A320 was New York-bound, originating in Las Vegas with 135 (155 by another report) people aboard. The loss of the hydraulic
Socotra Bored with the Caribbean, the South Pacific, and all those famous islands that everyone has already been to? Tired of tourists
Foodie Tourist Traps to Skip This Summer It lures you in with the promise that it's the best spot in town. If you're visiting, you absolutely, positively, without
America's Top 10 Adrenaline Rushes No matter what type of outdoor enthusiast you might be - curious first-timer, recent convert or seasoned pro - you've definitely
Attending The 2012 Paris D\u00eener En Blanc The D\u00eener en Blanc is always set in public with a backdrop of the most legendary Parisian monuments. The location is kept a secret until minutes before the dinner begins. This was my third year in attendance, and it never gets less exciting.
Norway's Wondrous Western Coast (PHOTOS) Although the majority of foreign visitors arrive in Oslo, Norway's cosmopolitan capital, a trip to Norway isn't complete without exploring the country's enchanting west coast.
An Honest Customs Declaration Form Whether you're traveling with immediate family members or not, you'd better fill out at least three or four extra copies
From Poachers To Protectors Namibia is in the midst of a conservation revolution, exchanging generations of wildlife conflict, poaching and unsustainable land-use practices for unparalleled levels of habitat protection, wildlife conservation and sustainable development.
Check Out A Different Side Of Florence Thanks to a friend, I found a quarter of this famous city that felt completely apart. The architectural beauty was there, but the tourists weren't.
World's Sexiest Nationalities, According To MissTravel (PHOTOS) MissTravel.com, the bastion of all things sexy and dating which launched to much ado earlier this year, has polled its users
Travel Rewards Programs For Kids A growing number of programs geared toward the under-12 set offer chances for the little ones to earn their own perks.
5 Relaxing Spots In Texas (PHOTOS) There's nothing better than kicking off your boots.
Visiting 6 Of America's Grandest Hotels (PHOTOS) What America's remaining grand hotels all share is a sense of occasion. You don't just pull up to the hotel parking lot. Here, the hotel is the journey.
Carol Price, Woman Accused Of Groping TSA Agent, Faces Charge, Hires Attorney Mills claims that Price had her breasts touched during the pat down and believes the act was personal because Price was once
Following A TV Series To Its Source In Cornwall, England I set out to explore the town, which takes about 15 minutes.
Visiting 6 Of America's Grandest Hotels (PHOTOS) From California to New York, Michigan to Florida, America's grand hotels are distinctive in their architecture, histories
My North Korean Magical Mystery Tour I take a picture of my North Korean visa. I've been warned that the authorities will confiscate it upon arrival. My passport will not be stamped either.
Travel Tips From A Supermodel Rock Star Wife (And Mom) What is it about traveling that seems to always unleash the inner uber-organizer guru in all of us?
Never Forget Your Roots Beirut seemed to me to be a place of contradictions.
Tasty Island Cuisine Perfect For Foodies (VIDEO) I've always found one of the challenges of vacationing on a tropical island is finding food that's even half as inspiring as the scenery, so I was really surprised on a recent trip to find some world-class restaurants, chefs and cuisine on the island of Bermuda.
Duchess For A Day Lismore Castle has a way of transforming the most weary traveler into royalty within seconds. And it only took seconds for me to be mesmerized by my surroundings.
Magnificent Scooners Sail For 50th Annual Windjammer Days Festival In Boothbay Harbor, Maine Every year Boothbay Harbor, Maine, hosts a celebration of their rich maritime history. Don't miss this year, the 50th anniversary of the festival.
Enjoying The Dairies, Malt Shops and Cheeseries Along US Route 6 The Red Rock Specialty Cheese Co in Delta, UT, is the most improbably situated cheese shop in the U.S. It sits in a desert.
Is The TSA Winning The \Propaganda\ War? (POLL) If you didn't know any better, you'd think these headlines were evidence that the agency assigned to protect America's transportation systems had turned a corner. You probably know better.
Touring Burgundy By Barge Our boat traveled upstream from Fleury-sur-Ouche to Escommes, on the southern portion of the Burgundy Canal.
The Love Story Behind The Taj Mahal Taking inspiration from its detailed description of Heaven, Shah Jahan built the Taj Mahal.
A Summer Road Trip To America's Great Baseball Stadiums (PHOTOS) Kids can unleash their inner baseball star via MLB 2K12 consoles at Target field in Minneapolis or tackle the Coca-Cola Superslide that stands 465 feet from home plate at San Francisco's waterfront AT&T Park.
Air Traffic Controllers Violating FAA Rules On Sleeping, Documents Show New regulations intended to keep air traffic controllers from dozing off on duty have been violated nearly 4,000 times, according
A Caribbean Villa Vacation Experience On Anguilla (VIDEO) I stayed in the new ultra luxurious Ani Villas, perched high on a cliff overlooking Little Bay.  Watch and see why I did want to leave.
8 Cheap Hotels In Paris With Great Locations (PHOTOS) Budget travelers heading to Paris this summer don't need to sacrifice location when searching for an affordable bed for the night.
Beijing's Parks During my walks through the parks of Beijing I found people amusing themselves and each other in a variety of ways. At one particularly rambunctious square there was a badminton game going on, several people were getting back massages, another little band was performing. All of this activity was decidedly non-goal oriented.
The Most Contaminated Surfaces In Hotel Rooms, According To Study The researchers tested multiple surfaces in hotel rooms in Texas, Indiana and South Carolina, looking for levels of total
The Quieter Side Of Provincetown Like Janus, the Roman god of gates and doorways, the Provincetown I love has two faces
5 Great Spots To Surf This Summer And Where To Stay (PHOTOS) It happens to us every morning as we're commuting to work, we doze off and imagine we're among a throng of tanned, lean bodies flocking to the beach. A surfboard is under our arm.
America's Best Outdoor Bars (PHOTOS) From a dolled-up night on a Chicago rooftop to a lazy Texas afternoon kicking back with beers and live music on a patio, America has got you covered.
A Scaredy-Cat Guide To Food In China Eating in China was an adventure -- and like any adventure, sometimes you're totally in, and sometimes you sit on the sidelines -- or get dragged, kicking and screaming, into the game.
'Tiny Torero,' Seville Bull-Fighting In Tilt-Shift By Joerg Daiber (VIDEO) Though Daiber claims he began to understand why bullfighting is an archaic act, he says he also appreciated \the aesthetics
5 Must-See Festivals And Events In The Dolomites The Italian Dolomites provide visitors with spectacular views, exhilarating outdoor adventure and the chance to learn about fascinating culture and traditions as old as the surrounding terrain. The region is also home to some of the most exciting and unique events and festivals in the world.
Renting An Apartment In Paris A few months ago, over the holidays, I rented an apartment in Paris that looked, as a friend put it, \like a stage set for La Traviata.\ Sound like a wonderful way to visit the city? It's as simple as booking a hotel room.
New Statistics Show Slight Improvements In Air Travel In April, the Department received 1,068 complaints about airline service from consumers, up 21.4 percent from the 880 complaints
6 Ultra-Manly Hotels For Your Father (PHOTOS) It's coming up on Father's Day, and once again, we're here to make your gift-giving experience go as smoothly as possible. How, you ask? By providing a range of perfect hotel experiences to suit all dad types!
Discover Washington's Beautiful, Friendly San Juan Islands Each island has its own flavor and feel, but they all have one thing in common
Southwest Calls Woman's Clothing 'Inappropriate.' She Disagrees Avital, who asked that her last name be withheld, told the site that she boarded a 6 a.m. flight from Las Vegas to New York
Travelzoo's Summer Survival Guide With so many options, Travelzoo Deal Experts are sharing their top destinations and tips to get away this summer without breaking the bank.
5 Best Things To Do On A Road Trip In Iceland While I must say that most things that I have seen and done in Iceland are worthwhile, but there are a few that stand out above the rest. Here are the five best things to do on a road trip in Iceland.
Swim With Sea Turtles At Cayman Turtle Farm Think of it as a home grown Sea World.
Northern Ireland In a way Dunluce reminds me of Titanic Belfast in that each professes detachment, not so much from insensitivity to their respective tragedies as from a desire to deflect the grief we would face if we left ourselves open to all of the many absences. Each recalls the fugitive parts of ourselves.
Cruise Review Twain once remarked that stepping aboard an authentic steamboat, you enter \a new and marvelous world.\ If you haven't had that experience, you might want to put the American Queen on your bucket list.
How To Plan A Debt-Free Vacation It's a cruel, cruel summer for some Americans who want to travel but don't have the money.
Cars Land Debuts At Disney's California Adventure (PHOTOS) So if you go to Cars Land, consider visiting at night. Then Lasseter proceeded to reveal on a big screen animated \Cars\-like
Travel Increases Sex Appeal, According To New Survey Ninety-six percent of those surveyed who are interested in travel are also looking for people passionate about seeing the
World's Best Value Cities For Travelers, According To TripAdvisor (PHOTOS) We've examined the most expensive cities to travel to around the world, according to Trip Index by Trip Advisor. But what
Traveling Via Instagram (PHOTOS) Like everyone else, my original feed was a rag tag line up of cocktail shots, playground photos, late night blurs, about-to-be-eaten dishes and Roman monuments, contributed by anyone who showed up in my friend directory and yours truly.
My Top 5 Unexpected Ways To Save This Summer We're looking at high airfares and high hotel costs this summer, but that doesn't mean you can't beat the system. Here are five ideas that go beyond the standard travel deal.
Tour Operators Tap Into New Customers Using Social Media The days of booking tours using a rotary phone and a brochure are rapidly changing. Today, savvy tour operators are tapping into a stream of new customers using a variety of social media channels, most notably Facebook and Twitter.
Oslo's Building Blocks Oslo is more complex than its largely utilitarian design and architecture would suggest. Oslo is, by no means, boring.
Northern Ireland About half-way up the Antrim coast we stop for a bio-break at the chocolate-box village of Carnlough, on the edge of an uncongenial harbor bobbing with blue and white boats. We are in the middlemost of the rainy season, but the weather doesn't know it. The sun is beaming, so I sprawl on a picnic table for a few minutes, close my eyes and sail away.
Severe Turbulence Injures Five, Flight Attendant In Serious Condition \Right about that time we hit some really severe turbulence and people who weren't buckled in or the flight attendants flew
Summer Theater Festivals Arrive In America's Ski Towns Here are some of the gnarliest theater festivals and companies near the slopes.
In Hawaii, Sun, Sand And Segways (PHOTOS) For some reason, as I strapped on my helmet in preparation for a tour of downtown Honolulu, \Bad to the Bone,\ started playing in my head.
Manhattan Dining Highlights It's a town where you don't just go out for Chinese, Spanish, African or Italian food
Splatter Alice Loves Madison I love listening to Venus and Furs at the Wisco, the official birthplace of Madison roller derby,  while chowing down on one of the best burgers in town.
Sexy Slips Some resorts, such as Hawks Cay Resort in the Florida Keys, let boaters sleep on board and still access all of the pools, restaurants, and activities on-site.
Most Expensive Cities To Travel To Around The World (PHOTOS) For a second year in a row, TripAdvisor released its TripIndex list of the most expensive cities for Americans, both abroad
To Find The Real Bermuda, Follow The Food The best part? Not a fanny pack in sight.
Viva Las Vegas (On A Low-Roller's Budget) Think a weekend in Vegas means blowing your life savings at the blackjack table?
Northern Ireland There is no escaping Titanic in Belfast, but my friend offered to show me some non-Titanic facets of her cisatlantic city.
Airline Passenger Satisfaction Dropped, According To Survey In the \traditional\ airline category, Alaska Airlines ranked highest for the fifth year in a row, with JetBlue taking top
Northern Ireland There is one view that celebrating a tragedy of this scope with commercial tours, tributes and knick-knacks is somehow disrespectful and gauche, like grave dancing. But those who subscribe to George Santayana's trope rationalize a nobleness in the exercise.
New York City's Fresh Crop Of Modern Hotels (PHOTOS) Whether you want to schmooze with celebs, hang with the hipster crowd, or mingle with power brokers, New York has you covered.
How Your Credit Card Can Help You Save On Summer Travel If you're looking to drive down the costs of a vacation, it may be time to whip out your credit card or, perhaps, even apply for a new one.
The World's 10 Best Cathedrals, According To National Geographic (PHOTOS) If you haven't caught on yet, we're totally digging on National Geographic's new book \The 10 Best Of Everything.\ So far
Deciding Whether To Visit Greece Amid Economic Crisis Americans are all about helping others and the citizens there have all taken a huge financial hit.
The Best Photos From A Quarter Century Of Cond\u00e9 Nast Traveler (PHOTOS) A new book from Assouline and Cond\u00e9 Nast Traveler collects a quarter-century of stunning photos from the glossy pages of
8 Best Places To Photograph In The World (PHOTOS) We've all been there. Standing in a crowd craning our necks to view the Mona Lisa. Watching the tourists pretend to \hold
United Airlines Raises International Bag Fee To $100 \This change reflects an increase in costs associated with carrying bags, such as fuel and handling,\ the airline said in
Floating, Solar-Powered Hotel Designed By Michele Puzzolante (VIDEO) The SFR is solar-powered and has a self-sufficient energy generator, the Herald Sun reports. Michele Puzzolante's plan is
Maya Love Goddess Lures Couples To Isla Mujeres Local officials plan to cash in on a Maya goddess' presence on Isla Mujeres by branding the island as a wonderful spot to get married, enjoy a honeymoon, celebrate anniversaries and otherwise bask in the romantic aura of this part of Mexico.
How To Travel The World For 6 Months. With No Guidebook. If all goes as planned, my wife and I will visit 26 countries in 200 days, and we won't carry a single guidebook. Here's how we prepared.
British Columbia's Wild Playground Boasts An Eccentric Past (PHOTOS) What those who sought riches and spiritual sanctuary discovered was a pristine region of white water rivers, waterfalls, tranquil beaches, alpine meadows and snow-capped mountains.
Best Summer Ever? Tell Us Why (SUBMIT YOUR OWN) Summer's upon us. It's time for swimming pools, barbecues and naps in your hammock. In the spirit of the season, we've assembled
Roger Woodward, 7-Year-Old, Survived Niagara Falls Unharmed; More Survival Stories (VIDEO) There's just a handful of people who've survived falling, either on purpose of accidentally, over Niagara Falls. In fact
How To Protect Your Finances While On Vacation Before you completely check out, take a few minutes to review a few financial safeguards that could save you a ton of grief and money.
An Exotic Resort That Looks Like A Hollywood Movie Set (VIDEO) I felt like I was entering a stunning Hollywood movie set when I first drove up to my hotel, surely one of the most beautiful resorts in Asia.
Take A Virtual Ride On The World's Highest Water Slide File this one under \great moments in advertising.\ PmWeb Responsys, the agency that represents Brazil's Beach Park water
Visiting Walt Disney World With Young Children Although the Central Florida theme park was built with families in mind, many parents still debate whether they should take this type of vacation with babies and/or toddlers. With these tips, your visit can go smoothly.
The Cowboy Culture of Maui's Makawao There are sugar cane fields in all directions, all irrigated by water from the Hana coast.
Northern Ireland The only thing Belfast does in moderation is moderation.
Rome's Trevi Fountain Crumbling Due To Bad Weather Italy isn't alone. China's Great Wall is collapsing due to mining and, in the U.S., a number of historical sites have fallen
Unearthing Kerala's Best Kept Secrets At the confluence of the backwaters and the Arabian Sea, across a sandy beach, lies the sleepy hamlet of Thottada.
Is The TSA A Joke? (VIDEO) Take a few steps back from the airport spectacle, and the agency that likes to see itself as the last line of defense against terrorism is kinda funny.
5 Great Spots To Chill Out In South Carolina (PHOTOS) Few people know how to take it easy better than South Carolinians.
Elaborate Slaughter Throughout the event, the collective emotion of the crowd swings like a pendulum, from near mob mentality to sheer silence, and back again, as if following some strict protocol. I try to keep up.
Disney World For Adults (PHOTOS) I learned that going to Disney World as an adult is just as fun, if not more so, than going at age six.
Explore America This might be just the event for those hankering to see beautiful vintage cars and can't wait for Pebble Beach up north in August.
Choosing The Right Thai Island (PHOTOS) Picking the right Thai koh is a tricky business
Beijing's Little-Visited Aviation Museum (PHOTOS) With those comfortable shoes, you can walk rather than ride and get some exercise in the wonderfully cool, 2,000-by-131 foot three-story-high mountain cave that now serves as the indoor exhibit space.
England's Royal Getaways (PHOTOS) While all eyes are on London for the Diamond Jubilee and the Summer Olympics, here are a bunch of royal getaways that you don't want to miss.
Montr\u00e9al Beyond The Protests (PHOTOS) I want to spotlight the many treasures this quirky gem of a city has to offer travelers.
A Secret Celebrity Vacation Escape (VIDEO) Celebrities usually have the inside track on the coolest places to go.
Who Has America's Best Aquarium? (Video) In Monterey's world-famous aquarium, the star attractions are jellyfish. In Atlanta's aquarium, it's the Whale Sharks.
Lindbergh Comes Full Circle With Apollo Astronauts At Explorers Club As a longtime fellow of The Explorers Club, I sometimes forget what a storied institution I am part of. Recently, though, I was reminded squarely of what the Club really represents.
The Best Road Trips From San Francisco (PHOTOS) Get your bags packed, slather on some sunscreen and hop in the whip -- we've got some miles to cover.
A Walk On China's Great Wall And A Chaser I didn't like the donkey meat, but our driver did. The corn cake dusted with sugar and sprinkles went down fine as did a bottle of beer big enough to swab down a mighty portion of the wall.
TSA Clears Luggage Room At New York Airport After Finding Grenade Replicas TSA agents found two replica grenades in a checked bag Wednesday at Greater Rochester International Airport, reports WHEC
'Vampire' Graves In Bulgaria Could Create Tourism Boom Archaeologists believe that one of the skeletons belongs to a pirate called Krivich Crooked, reports The Telegraph. Historians
A Weekend Getaway Between May and October, tourists and seasonal residents flock here as an antidote to harsh northeastern winters and to the hectic pace of their everyday lives -- in pursuit of the beach, rolling woods and relaxed ambiance
Healthy Travel Germs may be the carry-on no one talks about, but that doesn't mean the little buggers aren't hiding throughout airport terminals
Walking The Unfinished Last Section Of The High Line (PHOTOS) Due to the unique wraparound layout of the tracks in this section and their proximity to the waterfront, this section of the High Line may be the most striking yet.
High-Maintenance High Culture In Venice Here at St. Mark's Basilica in Venice, where mosaics are a big deal, they have a famous mosaics workshop. We visited to film the artisans at work.
10 Only In Kansas Accommodations (PHOTOS) If you are just driving through, you're doing it wrong.
What Are the Best Southwest Airlines Hacks? 10. Be sure to check and double check your kiosk-printed receipt so you don't inadvertently ignore or throw out a free drink
Sikh TSA Agent Kulwinder Singh Wins Religious Rights Case Against Agency As part of the settlement, the TSA will have to post notices that Sikhs are free to wear the kara if they wish by mid-June
Setting Out Across America On Route 6 Last year, when I turned double nickles and my kids flew the nest, I decided to drive cross-country on the second longest highway in the U.S.
Jerusalem's Holy Sites In 60 Seconds (VIDEO) Our most recent project involved us getting run out of the West Bank, half the team getting deported from Israel and hospitalization for food poisoning.
Tech-Free Havens Plenty of hooked-up travelers will check work e-mail using the hotel Wi-Fi or use their Blackberrys on the beach compulsively.
China Clamps Down On Tibet Tourism Chinese authorities have started telling travel agencies to stop planning tours to Tibet, reports The Vancouver Sun. Though
The Philippine Surfer's Paradise Perfect For Non-Surfers (PHOTOS) You've probably never heard of Catanduanes Island.
Where The Locals Will Hang Out In Amsterdam This Summer (PHOTOS) The average Amsterdam local isn't graced with subtropic temperatures very often so, when desirable temperatures arrive, it seems like every last person takes a day off work.
D-Day Anniversary Here are some of the most affecting memorials across Europe. Many more tourists visit the beaches of Normandy than the other
Stepping Back In Time In Northern Virginia Lovely as Mount Vernon may be, it's a poor representation of the majority of buildings built back in Washington's day.  What about the Colonial 99 percent?
America's Most Endangered Historic Places 2012 (PHOTOS) The 25th annual list of America's most endangered historic places was released on Wednesday by the National Trust for Historic
I Tried The Vegas Hangover Bus (PHOTOS) I hop onboard the bus and am immediately welcomed by a doctor. Now I'll admit, when I first heard about a bus that gives you an IV of fluid and vitamins after a night of head-in-the-bowl drinking, I was pretty much convinced the \doctor\ on this \bus\ wasn't real. But to my surprise, he was, in fact, very real and I was certainly on a bus.
5 Little Britains On American Soil (PHOTOS) We've come up with five oh-so-English traditions that can be enjoyed with a certain American recklessness.
Cancun Expands Eerie Underwater Museum (PHOTOS) The Cancun Underwater Museum, located off the coast of Isla Mujeres, already has more than 400 sculptures by artist Jason
The \Battling Bellman\ Loves Miami When I started my workouts at Angelo Dundee's Fifth Street Gym, I was 22. I'm 71 now and I still climb into that same ring as often as possible.
A Yacht With A Conscience (PHOTOS) A green roof, solar panels, wind turbines and a rainwater collector have not been the traditional amenities of luxury yachts.
Our Girl In Havana All I wanted was to tell my family that I hadn't passed out on the Cuban pavement in a rum stupor. I didn't know it was possible to run out of internet.
Top 5 Things To Do In Paris With Kids Paris may be the city of love, but this stylish vibrant metropolis has myriad adventures and delights to enchant those traveling with children.
New England's 7 Weirdest Roadside Landmarks (PHOTOS) I've focused my picks on man-made monoliths that are enormous enough to make you grab for your camera and text message friends.
6 Hotels For Party Animals (VIDEO) When we travel, we like to let loose -- after all, isn't a vacation all about leisure?
A Road Trip Through Coastal Quebec It is hard to leave the soulful plazas and glass-clinking cafes of Qu\u00e9bec City, but a journey beyond the walled town brings
The 10 Best World Heritage Sites, As Chosen By National Geographic The last time we checked in with UNESCO's World Heritage List, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization
20 Most Romantic U.S. Cities, According To MissTravel.com MissTravel.com caused quite a stir when it debuted back in April. The dating website seeks to pair wealthy men who seek traveling
Alii Kai Catamaran, Hawaiian Cruise, Admits Serving Vodka To Toddler (VIDEO) The mother then tasted the drink, and, confirming there was vodka in it, told the server, who reported it to the manager
The Never-Ending Challenge Of Securing Our Air Transport Sector We know commercial aviation is an indispensable pillar of the national and global economy and a symbol of freedom. That's why it's been a focus of terrorists for decades before 9/11 and in the years since -- and will be for the foreseeable future.
Nigeria Plane Crash State Department spokesman Mark Toner said Monday that the department believes there were many Americans on board, but could
Airline Will Seat Passengers Based On Their Moods \u201cWe're the first in the world to offer this,'' air Baltic spokesman Janis Vanags, told News.com.au. He also mentioned that
Airlines Consider Charging Fee For Over-Sized Carry-Ons HERE\u2019S something that the big airlines really wish we wouldn\u2019t discuss right now, with planes flying full, fares rising, fuel
Bruce Campbell's Airplane Home In Oregon (VIDEO) If Campbell has that kind of money, why live in an airplane? They are \u201cwell designed, high tech, aerospace quality sealed
Kicking It In Florida From spas with plush lounge chairs to pools where you don't have to lift a finger, we found five Floridian hotels that are prime for lounging.
Healthy And Vegan Austin Eats I left my heart in Austin, Texas!
The Crawling King Snake, The Wicked Pickett, And Other Echoes From The Ruins Of Detroit's Musical Past (PHOTOS) It's easy to understand why the citizens of Detroit may feel offended by the large amount of attention that is paid to their abandoned factories, stores and homes. It must seem like there are people coming from all over the globe to trade on a city's agony.
The Top 5 Five Spots That Will Make You Want To Scuba Dive (PHOTOS) So we go, tanks and tubes and valves flowing with pressurized air, into the finest Scuba diving destinations in the world.
10 Tricky Travel Scams (And How To Beat Them) You know that old saying? There's a sucker born every minute? Don't be one of them.
Ask Airfarewatchdog A reader asks
Which U.S. Destination Is The Ultimate Summer Vacation Spot? You applauded some of our choices, booed others, and told us about a few places that you thought should have made the list
\Meltdowns\ The TSA Forgot To Mention (VIDEO) Rep. John Mica is sounding the alarm bells about \another TSA meltdown.\
7 Unusual Summer Breaks In The States (VIDEOS) We've selected seven spots from around the U.S. that will offer you that much needed break and a unique experience to boot.
TSA Workers Fired, Suspended For Violating Screening Protocol The incidents happened over two months in 2011 at Southwest Florida International Airport in Fort Myers, Florida. According
Disney Time-Lapse Captures A Year At Disneyland (VIDEO) Even if Disneyland isn't on the agenda this summer, it's still possible to fit it all in in time-lapse. And there aren't
Frances Macaskill, Drunk Grandmother, Faces Jail After Punching Passenger On Flight Not surprisingly, drunk passengers on planes aren't all that uncommon. Last June, a drunk passenger was accused of peeing
A Classic Mexico Hot Spot (VIDEO) Following in my grandparents footsteps, I recently visited the charming UNESCO world heritage town of San Miguel de Allende in central Mexico.
Five Ways To Live Like A Local In Spain If you're looking for a more authentic and modern experience, here are five ways to really live like a local in Spain.
Diamonds Are A Queen's Best Friend In addition to the Thames River pageant a series of events on land will celebrate the Queen's Jubilee.
5 Style Ideas To Steal From Top Hawaiian Hotels (PHOTOS) And although we can't just jet to Hawaii this weekend, we figured we'd steal some of our favorite hotels' signature Hawaiian touches.
One Aldwych Actors and producers from surrounding West End theaters are known to imbibe post-curtain here along with business people and fashion execs.
A Brush With Royalty And History In London's Westminster Neighborhood With all the activity around the Diamond Jubilee, we can't help but think about the best places in London to have a brush with royalty.
9 Tips To Save On Summer Vacation Yes, we're still a few weeks away from the solstice. But with Memorial Day holiday come and gone, thoughts turn to summer vacation. Here's how to find the best deals.
Diamond Jubilee Timeless glamor, fascinating tales and a touch of intrigue, the British royal residences reflect everything that draws us
My Week In Paris Nothing thrilled me more in the run-up to this trip than saying, \I'm going to Paris for a week to hang out with my daughter!\
Top U.S. Cities For Finger-Lickin' BBQ (PHOTOS) You might be tempted to spend the summer grilling in your backyard, but when there are so many different kinds of smoked meats to try from sea to shining sea, why not explore all of the true BBQ that America has to offer?
Paddling Poland Poland isn't, in my mind, a country associated with stunning beauty and points of magnificent nature -- yet the places we're passing, the scenery and landscapes are breathtaking.
5 Reasons To Go Traveling Now Perhaps now is the time to start listening to those well-meaning folks who say such frivolous things like, \There's no time like the present.\
Boeing 787 Flies While South Carolinians Swoon The folks in Charleston are over the moon about their entry into the world of high-tech manufacturing, embodied in the new Boeing 787.
How Bank of America Saved My Ass The stories I'd heard about Egyptian ATMs being able to harvest card numbers, it seems, had been true. Bank of America's response surprised me.
Debate Some of our community members brought up the personal space debate to support this woman's choice of clothing. Others reminded
10 Great Factory Tours And How To Fly There (PHOTOS) Who says America doesn't make stuff anymore?
My Trip To Thorpe Abbotts I didn't really get Memorial Day until this trip to an English WWII airfield.
A Glimpse At Doha, Qatar My experience in Doha was unforgettable.
Man's Hair Set On Fire On Plane As Prank, Flight Diverted Well this is a new low, even for a bachelor party. A 24-year-old man was pulled off a Monarch flight from Manchester to Majorca
Andrew Blackwell, Filmmaker and Journalist, Visits The World's Most Polluted Places (VIDEO) As far as he knows, he's the world's first pollution tourist. To him, it's kind of like a spin on ecotourism. But, to him
Wackiest US Roadside Attractions Photos
Beach Travel Food and travel are intrinsically linked. Some of the fondest and most vivid travel memories center around stuffing one's
Virgin Galactic Gets FAA Approval To Test SpaceShipTwo Rocket For Suborbital Tourism By
Why I Love the Paris Ritz (PHOTOS) There's still time to experience the Ritz before it's too late. The rue Cambon side with its Hemingway Bar may already have closed, but the Bar Vendome with its open-air Terrace, the Espadon restaurant, the Ritz-Escoffier cooking school, the Ritz Health Club pool, the rooms themselves, even Coco Chanel's suite, all remain open, until the last booking the night of July 31. \nOn August 1, c'est fini.
Stingray City In Grand Cayman (PHOTOS) If you love unique animal encounters, I would suggest taking a trip out to this close encounter with the fish kind in the blue waters of the Caribbean.
Feds Shut Down 26 'Chinatown' Bus Companies For Alleged Safety Violations WASHINGTON, May 31 (Reuters) - U.S. transportation safety regulators shut down more than two dozen bus companies that predominantly
London This Summer (PHOTOS) The weather might be tricky and rainy at times, but one thing is sure
How Do Good Hotels Always Feel So Clean and Fresh? More questions on hotels
Tiger Hunting In Ranthambhore, India After reading The Jungle Book and discovering the quiet sense of dread, accompanied by a slight tingle up my spine that Sher Khan could induce, I vowed to one day meet this beast
Eco Consciousness Without The Attitude In Dominica (PHOTOS) This was an uncommon green resort that combines a deep respect for nature with a low-key tranquility, a sense of authenticity, a touch of luxury and a commitment to keeping guests as active (both physically and spiritually) as they'd like.
Can't-Miss Austin Whether you're a visitor, new Austinite or long-time resident, here are some things you shouldn't miss this summer if you want to keep cool, keep entertained and keep yourself happily fed and watered.
The Wilds Of Patagonia As summer approaches, many might not be thinking about ice-scapes or glaciers -- unless maybe to cool off at the thought of them.
Oyster Half Dozen Here are the six most beautiful spots to soak in some gorgeous interior design.
Get Travel Deals Without Flooding Your Inbox With so many great sites out there -- including air carriers, hotel sites and wholesalers -- I've been using a great tactic for the past few months and I'm sharing my wisdom with my followers.
Up For A Challenge? Try These Outdoor Adventures (VIDEO) I love chilling out at the beach or a spa as much as the next person for a vacation -- but sometimes to relax you just need to kick things into high gear, to challenge yourself and to try something new.
Great Tips For Successful Family Hiking To really get a feel for the mountains in summer -- and to get a wholly different perspective on our favorite ski runs -- I like to slow down and set out on foot with my family.
Teresa Scanlan Loves Nebraska You were so beautiful that early fall day, as my three sisters, parents, and I began moving into our new home in the town
Wackiest US Roadside Attractions Summer travel planning doesn't start until someone rolls out a map and ticks off their favorite road trip route. Getting
George Lagen, Million-Mile Flyer, Sues United Airlines For Taking Away Benefits United spokeswoman Mary Ryan told ABC
A Weekend Passport To Los Angeles If the mystique of Hollywood's more brilliant past captures your fancy, or if you've got a hankering for Hollywood history, this itinerary will steep you in nostalgia.
Top 10 Must-Sees In Myanmar (PHOTOS) Don't be surprised if monks and nuns share the same status as rock-stars and celebrities -- it is truly unlike any place you know!
Travel Trivia All-surprising stats and fantastical facts, our info nerds\u2019 world tour will have you pointing out the planet\u2019s most unknown
Learn To Scuba Dive In Bali (PHOTOS) In just three days or one long weekend you can get your PADI certification card in Open Water Diving usable anywhere in the world, and you'll be doing it in one of the easiest and most unique places for beginners in the world.
Cornwall, England There are evidently fewer pubs than there used to be, but we always managed to fill our quota
Teresa Scanlan Loves Nebraska Teresa Scanlan was crowned Miss Nebraska in 2010, the youngest woman to win the title in her home state. In 2011, at age
A Luxury Eco Escape In Egypt's Most Remote Desert Oasis (PHOTOS) There are many eco lodges across the globe but few like Adr\u00e8re Amellal.
Airlines Respond About Keeping Families Together On Planes I figured if an airline would not guarantee a young child be seated with their parent or guardian, they were in violation of their own unaccompanied minor policies. In order to get to the bottom of this, I reached out to the airlines.
America's Vacation Deficit Disorder We need an intervention to help us break the destructive treadmill-like cycle we are in of denial and continued harmful behavior. We need a vacation!
Tea Time There's really nothing more English than afternoon tea, and so in honor of the Queen's Diamond Jubilee this June, we've rounded up some of our favorite spots to indulge -- in London and the Commonwealth.
Tonic Of Wildness In The Sea Of Cortez (PHOTOS) An impromptu trip to the Sea of Cortez finds wildlife galore.
A Road Trip Of A Lifetime How you get there, and who you get there with, can be just as important as the places you end up.
Global Souls At The Rose Parade I have recently realized that my US passport might be my most essential possession --  especially as I get older.
What Is it Like to Take a Cross-Country Road Trip by Bike? And reader, if you haven't learned the taste of that kind of love yet, I hope you do. I thought of giving up. There was no
Finland Helsinki, Finland has been chosen to be the World Design Capital, and this stylish, relaxed city is a dream destination.
Medell\u00edn, Colombia's 21st-Century Metropolis (PHOTOS) Long a favored place of residence for Colombia's wealthy, Medell\u00edn is en route to becoming one of the quintessential cities of the 21st century.
America's Worst-Dressed People (PHOTOS) When it comes to dress sense, what's worse
America's 10 Best National Parks, According To National Geographic Here at HuffPost Travel, we're big fans of America's National Parks. We've taken a look at obscure parks that are totally
UK Travel Britain is brimming with hidden gems just waiting to be uncovered. Get off the beaten track to fly over the landscapes, witness
5 Things The TSA Doesn't Want You To See (VIDEO) The TSA doesn't want us to see its documented arrogance and incompetence, doesn't want us to know that it's an out-of-control government agency.
London Taxi Company Exports Famous Cabs To Azerbaijan The former Soviet republic is London Taxi's biggest single customer. It has bought 1,000 London cabs in recent months and
Disney Fantasy Cruise Ship Saves Four Men Adrift Off Florida Coast According to USA Today, the men are Cuban and Disney Cruise Line is working with the U.S. Coast Guard to arrange their disembarkation
Wackiest US Roadside Attractions Summer travel planning doesn't start until someone rolls out a map and ticks off their favorite road trip route. Getting
Four Memorable Hotel Stays As a frequent flyer, I've had my share of both good and bad. Here are some of the good hotel experiences I've encountered over the last 30 years of traveling.
Alaska Cruise Adventures Setting Sail This Summer (PHOTOS) May marks the start the Alaskan cruise season.
Now Open for Summer Some of our favorite U.S. hotels on the East Coast have re-opened their doors for the summer season.
Kim Kardashian Twitter Check out more celebs who have had run-ins with airlines below. In her somewhat scathing Tweets, Kardashian accuses the airline
Booze, Bikes And Burgundy (PHOTOS) A five-day pedal through Burgundy revealed some fascinating surprises about France.
The World's Top Tasting Menus (PHOTOS) The beauty of tasting menus is how much they vary from restaurant to restaurant and chef to chef.
Thomas Harkin, Former Catholic Priest Accused Of Sex Abuse, Now Works For TSA The station saw Harkin working as a checkpoint supervisor between terminals D and E at the airport even as a new lawsuit
Kilimanjaro It's been written about countless times, but Kilimanjaro still holds some secrets.
Leela Leads India's Luxury Hotel Boom Today, Leela Hotels, Palaces & Resorts is one of the fastest-growing luxury hotel chains in India.
Travel Is Always More Fun When You're the One Doing the Traveling (PHOTOS) While many travel experts jump at the chance to visit popular tourist destinations such as Costa Rica, Orlando, Ireland or Las Vegas, some venture off the beaten path.
The Other Japan There are two Japans. One is the tangible, modern nation of today, the LED-spangled cities and bullet trains. The other is more ephemeral, the mystical psychological landscape of the nation's past.
How To Avoid Baggage Fees The Next Time You Fly More and more passengers are cramming their carry-on luggage and fighting for overhead space to avoid checking bags, all as a result of airlines' fees. Here's how to avoid the mess.
Angry Birds Cable Car Opens Atop Singapore's Mount Faber (PHOTOS) Check it out below. From June to December, Angry Birds fanatics can ride one of the 30 cabins that take them up to Mount
In Beijing, Waiting For Keanu \The Matrix\ star is tapping into China's booming movie industry, currently the world's third largest, and I intended to find him.
Rich Literary Heritage Draws Writers To Key West If you're a writer, Key West is on your bucket list, likely in the number one spot.
The Captivating Style Of Istanbul From the ornate interiors of the many mosques to the buzzing rooftop bars with sweeping views, the city mesmerizes with its tug between cultural heritage and captivating energy.
6 Incredible Events You Shouldn't Miss This Year In London London takes center stage this year thanks to its role as host for the 2012 Olympics, but that's not the only reason to swap your money for pounds and head to Europe's most-loved city.
French & Fabulous Caribbean Gem (VIDEO) When I first started looking into visiting the French Caribbean island of Martinique I admit it, I was surprised.
Virginia Museum Opens Costa Concordia Exhibit On Memorial Day Weekend (PHOTOS) A museum show opening this weekend in Newport News, Va. will focus on the story of two Americans who survived the deadly
TSA Mission A former TSA administrator says two major changes would create better -- and less frustrating -- airport security.
NPR Cruise To Set Sail On Regent's Seven Seas Voyager (PHOTOS) As if taking an \A Prairie Home Companion\ cruise wasn't enough, NPR has signed the likes of Michele Norris and David Greene
Prettiest Drives Stay tuned throughout the month to vote on more amazing American destinations. Be sure to follow @HuffPostTravel on Twitter
Ryan Snider, American Airlines Passenger, Arrested After Trying To Storm Cockpit (VIDEO) UPDATE, 2:00pm
Whale Shark Feedings Bring Tourist To The Philippines When a whale shark would venture into their territory, the fishermen caught fewer fish. Something had to be done.
The Wind Beneath Your Wings As the days turn warmer and stretch longer, and we feel like escaping our day-to-day routine and heading out into the sun, these summer travel tips and tricks will help make this summer's vacation a memory of a lifetime (and an affordable one at that).
Woman Kept Off American Airlines Plane For Allegedly Offensive Shirt That's because it bore the statement
Petra, Jordan Preps For 200th Anniversary Of Rediscovery (PHOTOS) The stunning archaeological site of Petra, Jordan is preparing for the 200th anniversary of its rediscovery, coming up this
Beach Travel We recently talked about the best beaches in the U.S. for a barbecue. And, while those beaches are great (make sure to add
The Necessary Evil Of Traveling In The Closet My first experience with closeted travel was in China, where I lived from late 2009 to early 2010. Initially, my decision not to reveal my sexuality was harmless
Travel Photography How-Tos I spotted this salt carver wearing a blue shirt and invited him to pose in front of the blue car.
Where The Locals Hang Out In Prague This is the Prague locals love.
Memorial Day Online searches for hotels in AC \are up a staggering 94% from last year,\ says Dinah Alobeid, a spokeswoman for travel site
A Church With A Disney World Line... The people who run the big sights in Venice have generally welcomed us to film, but only when they're closed to the public.
A Historic Race From Brescia To Rome And Back (PHOTOS) Enzo Ferrari once claimed that the Mille Miglia was \the most beautiful race in the world.\
10 Things To Pack That Will Save You Money (PHOTOS) The right travel gear can help you keep costs down while seeing the world.
7 Incredible Outdoor Spas (PHOTOS) Vitamin D does wonders for our health.
Airbus A320 To Offer Extra-Wide Seats For American Airline Companies Airbus, a subsidiary of European aerospace mega-player EADS, must have had the stat in mind when the company decided to offer
Ancient Azerbaijan Dolls Itself Up For The Eurovision Song Contest (PHOTOS) I discovered a sun-kissed city of ancient ruins and innovative architecture consumed by anticipation for the Olympics of musical kitsch.
Beautiful Abandoned Train Stations Around The World Here at Flavorpill, we're suckers for gorgeous photographs of abandoned and decaying spaces, and of course, for lovely architecture
Taylor Hanson Loves Tulsa A rabble-rouser and a gentleman, a cowboy and a businessman, an artist and a pragmatist.
What To Do When You Encounter Dangerous Animals There's no better story than an encounter with a charging bull elephant. That said, you want to make sure you live to tell
Sounds Of A Summer Night Down Under CAPE OTWAY, Australia - Cicadas act as a backdrop, an orchestral build behind the real music. If you're near water, you can
Prettiest Drives Stay tuned throughout the month to vote on more amazing American destinations, or catch up with all the nominees here. Be
A Vintage Addict Ransacks San Francisco I get down to serious business in San Francisco every season, devoting entire days to discovering new, old gems.
London Dining The steak, charcoal grilled and thickly sliced off the bone in the kitchen, was excellent.
\Tourist\ Is A Dirty Word. It Shouldn't Be. The dirty little secret about tourists is that they often go to exactly the places they should.
Taylor Hanson Loves Tulsa Tulsa native Taylor Hanson is a keyboardist and singer for the band Hanson. He is also a singer in the group Tinted Windows
Empire State Building's Secret 103rd Floor (PHOTOS) While new indoor spaces and exhibits are part of the refit, one thing that hasn't changed are the majestic views from the
Beating The Crowds In Venice (VIDEO) The caf\u00e9s on St. Mark's Square may be pretty empty in the evenings, even with the allure of their orchestras, but crowds still fill the midday streets.
8 Obscure National Parks Worth The Visit (PHOTOS) Utter the phrase \national park\ and most people will only be able to cough up only a few of the usual suspects
Abandoned Bermuda The road is no longer lined with quaint houses painted in shades of lime and coral. Industrial structures that seem both foreign and familiar loom.
Hyatt Offers A Helping Of Healthy Hospitality Look, I like to eat as much as the next gal. And traveling offers so many opportunities to experience local flavors. But Hyatt's new menus will also, finally, offer healthy options on the road.
Forgetting Grandma The fact of the matter was, she didn't even recognize me, wouldn't have known me from Adam. That's the way it is with Alzheimer's
An American's Search For London's 'Personal Bubble' You're having 'one of those days'. Soaking wet from a windy rain. You have an asthma attack whilst chasing a bus. Its doors close in your face, the driver grins wickedly and peels out.
Dino Bones Are Plentiful In Alberta, Canada (PHOTOS) \Alberta ... is one of the richest places in the world,\ says paleontologist Francois Therrien.
The World's Top 10 Treks (PHOTOS) The fact that people still opt to walk today, in the age of the wheel and the combustion engine, tells us there is something virtuous and irresistible about plodding.
Old-Fashioned And New-Fangled Photographs Of Portugal And Spain  (PHOTOS) We drove west from San Sebastian scaled the mountains of Cantabria then descended through Asturias on the way to the Galician coast. Finally, we hopped a train for Portugal.
US Airways Flight 787 Diverted Over 'Suspicious' Behavior The TSA issued a statement saying
Finding Local Experiences Around The World As we head into summer vacation season, it's time to think about how to get the best experience -- and the greatest value -- from your travel dollars.
Reinventing Live Television, 60 Feet Underwater (VIDEO) \This is the best TV I ever watched. Real reality!\
Finding America's Past In Australia's Present Australia presents itself to outsiders like a gigantic national park with gleaming cities along its perimeter.
Hologram Woman Will Soon Be Helping Guests At New York Area Airports For a look at Ava, watch the video from My Fox NY above. The systems cost about $250,000 each, according to the Associated
A Day Trip To Atlantis' Aquaventure Water Park In Dubai (PHOTOS) I said yes to a trip to Atlantis, The Palm's Aquaventure water park in Dubai. Then I remembered that I can't swim.
Casinos And Small Changes In Venice An electric readerboard in a pharmacy window ticks down with each person who moves out or dies. Today's population
Swimming With Whale Sharks In Isla Mujeres, Mexico (PHOTOS) All photos courtesy of Ceviche Tours The fifth-annual Whale Shark Festival hits Isla Mujeres, Mexico on June 21, offering
Five Reasons To Visit Peru That Aren't Machu Picchu (PHOTOS) Peru has its fair share of awe-inspiring sights, but most visitors skip right over them and head for the grand finale.
Rancho Pescadero A two-year-old resort is getting the nod from fans of old-school Cabo.
Explore America You can take the train ride through historic sites and imagine riding back to a simpler time as you see fox, deer, beavers and owls.
What Gives Them The Right To Frisk Henry Kissinger? An entire organization within the government is operating above the rule of law.
Prettiest Drives Stay tuned throughout the month to vote on more amazing American destinations, or catch up with all the nominees here. Be
A Minor Diversion As dire as the situation is, our family has not once felt unsafe during our two-week stay outside of Athens.
Our Girl in Havana You don't come to Cuba for the food. Well, you never used to come to Cuba for the food.
World's Most And Least Touristed Places, According To BlueMoon And Google Maps Better head to Chad soon, before it loses its local charm. Yellow indicates high \touristiness\ (as they call it), red equals
Italy's Most Appreciated Breast (VIDEO) All day long, a steady stream of visitors line up to polish Juliet's bronze breast in hopes of good fortune in love.
Where To Go When You've Summered Everywhere (PHOTOS) No one loves a classic summer spot more than we do, but it doesn't hurt to mix things up.
Spookiest US Cemeteries This week at HuffPost Travel, national tourism takes a spooky turn. We're taking a look at just a handful of the most visited
Sticker Shock You can only imagine our heart palpitations when we see the nightly rates of these hotels' top-of-the-line suites.
Tourists Get Too Close To An Alaskan Brown Bear A bear jam is forming, with more vehicles veering off the road and more people snatching cameras and leaving common sense behind.
5 Great Destinations In The South Of France (That Aren't Provence Or The Riviera) There's much more to the southern part of the country.
The View From Heathrow's Control Tower (PHOTOS) We stood, whispering so as not to interfere with the nearby traffic controllers, looking out over the terminals, the Boeings, the Airbuses and, further out, Windsor Castle.
Embracing Travel Therapy In Bermuda (VIDEO) You know you're stressed -- that one's easy -- but picking the trip that's best for you can get complicated.
Ask Airfarewatchdog What happens when fliers get bumped, and what to do about it.
Memorial Day Travel Memorial Day is just around the corner, and that means Americans will hit the roads, airports and trains in droves. Some
6 Great Luxury Trips For Summer (PHOTOS) Preferences are often mixed within a group or even a couple. Thankfully there are many destinations that offer equally stunning city and country options this summer.
Rosario Dawson Talks About Why She Loves Riding The Train (VIDEO) Are you a train lover? Need a little convincing? Check out why Dawson thinks trains are the best in the video above. See
Barcelona, One More Time (PHOTOS) It is not a hard thing to fall in love with Barcelona. In fact, it is quite easy.
8 Unforgettable Experiences In Kerala (PHOTOS) Beautifully serene settings coupled with a culture as vibrant and warm as the very sun that shines on Kerala's verdant land make a trip here unforgettable.
A Minor Diversion I left Myanmar will a camera full of images from the golden hued temples of Bagan, the tranquil floating villages of Inle Lake and the expansive Irrawaddy River. However, what is etched in my memory is Myanmar's people.
Next Southeast Asia Hotspot? El Nido, Philippines (PHOTOS) Travel in virtually any direction from town, and you'll discover hidden lagoons, secluded beaches, waterfalls, hot springs, and a myriad of jungle-draped islands pulled right out of Robinson Crusoe.
Lemon Bucket Orkestra Plays For Passengers On Delayed Air Canada Flight (VIDEO) The jam session was not the first performance enjoyed by a group of shocked travelers. The Copenhagen Philharmonic played
The New Wave Of Underwater Hotels (PHOTOS) I found a variety of new subsea suites that are on their way to opening their doors -- or hatches -- to vacationers who have deeper notions of what an ocean view should be.
Travel Expert Shares Insights On Babymoons Ahead Of 'What To Expect' (PHOTOS) Some more advice
Paris Shadows She's a city for the all senses, for artists and writers and musicians and dreamers, for fantasies, for long walks and wine and lovers and, yes, for mysteries.
10 Chic Rooftop Bars Around The U.S. (PHOTOS) If you're daydreaming about sipping on a perfectly made cocktail a few stories above street level too, check out our selection of the hottest hotel rooftop bars across the country now.
Green Travel On The Rise More and more people are taking a more sustainable approach to their vacation plans.
Mapnificent Shows World Transportation In 30 Minutes Or Less (PHOTOS) Check out how far you can get in some of the cities below. Mapnificent is rather a tool to explore many fuzzy trips at once
A Little Skin And A Lot Of Mustache In Kolkata The alpha moustache belonged to the ringleader of the twisted display of flesh, denim and synthesizer onstage.
We Can't Believe These Theme Parks In Europe Are Real (PHOTOS) No wonder there's a trace of lament in the Mona Lisa's smile.
5 Space-Age Hotels Perfect For The Jetsons (PHOTOS) With everything from funky lighting to pod-like bedrooms to orbit-ready mobiles, these hotels are ready for the 22nd century.
Conquering The Shops Of Marrakech The Red City will eventually goad you towards the markets.
What Do You Really Know About The TSA? (POLL) When it comes to the TSA, you may know less than you think.
12 Steps To Long-Term Travel Do you travel as often as you please? Would you hate me if I told you that I did?
Michael Symon's Cleveland You could be so cruel. Let's not even go into the winters, when the \lake effect\ winds would have pissed off a penguin.
How To Circumnavigate Manhattan With A Sacred Mountain Explorer An astronaut, a paleontologist and a blonde were riding bikes around New York City
Michael Symon's Love Letter To Cleveland Cleveland native and Chef Michael Symon grew up in a Greek and Sicilian family. The 2008 winner of The Next Iron Chef, Symon
Thailand's Islands Whether it is riding in the back of an open tuk-tuk or racing across the waves in a longtail boat, a journey through Thailand's
Paddling The Erie Canal, 15 Miles Or More A Day (PHOTOS) The plan is to kayak along the Erie Canal to Albany and then join the Hudson River and paddle down to New York in just 21 days.
5 Unexpectedly Quirky Bed-And-Breakfast Inns (PHOTOS) Think that all bed and breakfasts are Victorian inns situated amid historic downtowns? A few surprising properties are turning
Inside Edition Visits Nearly Abandoned Brownsville, Pennsylvania (VIDEO) \It suffered the same fate as a lot of other places,\ Fox says. \When the industrial center leaves, you've got to feed your
Meeting A Survivor On Everest (PHOTOS) There were yak traffic-jams, forests of flowers and children playing with tires around yak-dung fires. At night the sky opened, a ceiling punctured by the brightest stars I had ever seen.
The World's 10 Best Islands, According To National Geographic (PHOTOS) The thought of islands almost always conjures up images of impeccable beaches, bright flowers and lush rainforests. While
Those Scofflaws At American Airlines Lawbreaker. That is exactly what we need to start calling American Airlines for its blatant refusal to proceed with a union election among its 9,600 passenger service agents.
Get Unplugged At These 5 Luxury Escapes (PHOTOS) All our high-tech gadgets are wonderful but they often keep us tethered to the world when what we really want -- and need -- is a great escape.
How Locals Spend a Sunday Bon Appetit executive editor Christine Muhlke has exquisite taste in everything. Especially real estate
The Titanic Road Show Goes On Visitors learn the fate of the passenger they are assigned. I studied the face of Katherine Buckley, a 22-year-old Irish lass who didn't make it to America alive.
A Road Trip Through Northern Iraq (PHOTOS) Karwan pointed at the prison and laughingly crowed
Women's Luxury Leisure Travel Goes Solo (PHOTOS) These days, a variety of single-serving travel options make it not only easy, but appealing, for women to take a vacation without their family.
London Olympics The architectural signature of the games is Cecil Balmond and Anish Kapoor's ArcelorMittal \Orbit,\ which officially opened
In A World Of Male Hotel General Managers, Shan Kanagasingham Stands Out \I employ 400 people, but each of them may have two children and a spouse. That's really 1,200 lives that my decisions influence. And so I take that very seriously.\
Happiest Seaside Towns, According To Coastal Living Magazine (PHOTOS) Coastal Living magazine just released its first ever list of America's happiest seaside towns. The magazine's editor-in-chief
What The Foiled Underwear Bomb Plot Means The real reason why this was a victory is that the bomb was stopped \en route,\ meaning that it never had a chance to be placed aboard the aircraft. It never got near an airport.
Cartagena Offers The Best Of The Caribbean, Miami (PHOTOS) Even the taxi driver who took me to the airport this morning was gossiping. \Eighty U.S. dollars,\ he scoffed. \All those guys had to do was give her the money.\
Spookiest US Cemeteries PHOTOS
Ski Season Weather Wrap Up The most popular phrase used by meteorologists this season was, \The weather pattern looks like it will change in the next week or two.\ Not so much.
How Could the Sinking of the Titanic Have Been Prevented? By Chris O'Regan, Amateur Titanic enthusiast from Brisbane 4. Captain Smith could have responded to the numerous ice warnings
Steve Rothstein, American Airlines' Frequent Flier, Has Unlimited Pass Revoked For Alleged Fraud Rothstein filed a lawsuit but a federal judge in Illinois ruled against him for booking tickets under fake names, reports
Stepping Back In Time In Myanmar (PHOTOS) in Myanmar, villagers never ask for money to have their picture taken. This is especially noteworthy because the country is terribly poor.
Turkey in Seven Days (PHOTOS) What is a trip to Turkey without some hookah?
Finding The Best Hotels For Kids (VIDEO) They don't wanna just lay out -- they want to hang out.
10 Spectacular Gardens Around The World (PHOTOS) What better way could there be to understand a place than to walk through a garden?
Divers Embrace The Nuclear History Of Bikini Atoll (PHOTOS) Far off in the Pacific Ocean, 200 feet below the surface, sit a dozen radioactive warships.
Travel Tips From Harper's Bazaar Editrix Glenda Bailey I have dinner at the Wolseley on Piccadilly, a busy, buzzy spot that does a great Dover Sole.
5 Bizarre Souvenirs I Brought Back From Vietnam You can keep your fine art, your lacquerware, your hand-woven silk. When it comes to souvenirs, I want weird.
Colombia's Wild East, The Guajira Desert (PHOTOS) The desert is caked on our windscreen and I can make out the obstacle in front. It looks like a bike security chain, fastened in the middle with a padlock and strung between two cacti.
The FAA Responds To My Portable Electronic Deviance Let's face it, the FAA is toothless. They claim to have conducted a full investigation but never once did they call or contact me to discuss the incident or fully ascertain the facts.
National Train Day Certain elements must be brought onto the train prepared, but unlike on a plane where the food is prepackaged then nuked
A Segway Happened On The Way To The Forum (PHOTOS) Segways have been slowly infiltrating Rome and a bi-wheel tour seemed lazy, cumbersome and slightly ridiculous.
Midnight Was Movie Hour, Nap Time in New York Air Tower When midnight rolled around and flight traffic thinned out, air-traffic controllers guiding planes in the busiest U.S. corridor
Inside La Semana, New York's Grossest \Sex\ Hotel It's hard to describe, but it was somewhere along the lines of an old swimming pool, overused tanning salon, moldy locker room, dirty microwave, and most terrifyingly, decaying meat.
Harry Potter's Wizarding World Heads To Japan Japan's Wizarding World will look much like Orlando's, with the familiar replica Hogwart's and Hogsmeade and the Harry Potter
Treme Star Kermit Ruffins Opens New Orleans Speakeasy The Grammy, a small golden trophy perched on a bare table, seems to belong to everyone in the room, a recognition of their life's work and New Orleans culture.
A Homecoming And A New Friend In Haiti (VIDEO) It turned out that Carnival was just about the most dangerous time to go downtown.
Egyptians' Revolutionary Plan For Pyramid Tourism Beyond Giza (PHOTOS) Locals estimate that the unemployment rate in Dahshur hovers around 40 percent, a guess apparently substantiated by the scene
Muslim Baby Ordered Off Plane For Being On No Fly List After 30 minutes of waiting in the terminal, the family was told they could re-board, but refused to do so out of embarrassment
Father Of Bradley Coker, Plane Crash Victim, Says \New Zealand Is Unsafe\ (VIDEO) Bradley Coker was 24 when the plane carrying him and eight others crashed into the Fox Glacier. According to a report released
The World's Most Expensive Club Sandwiches (INFOGRAPHIC) The travel site, which is better known for its Hotel Price Index than its Club Sandwich Index, says the survey looked at
Marveling At The Wonders Of The Lamborghini Factory (PHOTOS) The minute I start hearing noises, even if they come from a purring engine, I start to dwell on the fact that I'm hurtling down a highway while  trapped in a hunk of metal that can fail at any minute.
Hitting The Ground Running In Verona (VIDEO) A fundamental skill travelers have to develop is the ability to get around efficiently and economically using public transit.
Berlin See it for yourself below, and visit LOXX's website for more details on how to visit. A model railroad might seem like a
Where To Find The Animals You Love (PHOTOS) From adorable white-faced capuchin monkeys in Costa Rica, to deadly lions in Botswana, find out what to see and where to see it on your next exotic vacation.
10 Unknown Attractions In Paris (PHOTOS) Paris has been scoured by tourists, but they've missed a few things.
Painted Elephants And The Pink City Of Jaipur (PHOTOS) My first stop was Hava Mehel or the Wind Palace, a giant, one-walled palace that served as a fa\u00e7ade for the royal women.
Gun Parts Found In Stuffed Animals At Rhode Island Airport (VIDEO) \It appears to be the result of a domestic dispute,\ Rhode Island Airport Police Chief Leo Messier told CNN. \There was no
Savannah Barry, Diabetic Teen, Blames TSA For Broken Insulin Pump (VIDEO) Late last month it was reported that some TSA agents have been hired without completing full background checks. The TSA told
Ryanair Stewardess Hospitalized After Takeoff Mishap \u201cIt was very confusing and unprofessional. It was almost like a state of panic when everything had to be done really quickly
6 East Coast Beaches For Family Getaways (PHOTOS) If you feel like ditching the car and the same old beach retreats, consider staying at one of these delightful ocean-perched properties.
Hanging Out In A Japanese Monkey Park (PHOTOS) The most important rule is to avoid making prolonged eye contact with the monkeys, which is taken as a sign of aggression and responded to in kind.
Love Letters Marlo Thomas is an award-winning actress, author and activist. She has been honored with four Emmy Awards, the Peabody, a
Marlo Thomas's Beverly Hills Some houses had glamour, some had laughs, some had secrets and some had the worst of it. That was my neighborhood.
What's Your Favorite Overlooked U.S. Attraction? Stay tuned throughout the month to vote on more amazing American destinations, or catch up with all the nominees here. Be
Visiting Tayrona National Park, Colombia's Unspoiled Caribbean Paradise (PHOTOS) Smart travelers know to explore the Caribbean coastline and the rainforests of the Colombian Sierra Nevada.
Unusual Island Vacations (PHOTOS) It's getting warmer as summer approaches and we've got a full-blown case of spring fever. We keep catching ourselves dreaming
Madeleine McCann Photo Used In Travel Ad Clarence Mitchell, the spokesman for Madeleine's parents, Kate and Gerry McCann, said that they were \horrified\ over the
Airplane Seats Might Not Be Strong Enough For Overweight Passengers, Scientists Say More than six decades ago, when the federal standards on the strength of airplane seats and seat belts were written, government
Vote Click each category below to vote on the absolute can't-miss summer vacation spots. Each week you'll have the opportunity
Vote Stay tuned throughout the month to vote on more amazing American destinations, or catch up with all the nominees here. Be
15 Venices Around The World (PHOTOS) The Venice of...
Why I'm Glad I Lived In China Whether you teach English or work a corporate job, living in China will almost certainly allow you to reform yourself financially if, that is, you're willing to live like a local.
Ask Airfarewatchdog Over 20 different ships and nearly a dozen cruise lines visit ports around New York and some, such as the new Disney Magic, are even based at them year round.
Chasing George Clooney To Lake Como Many other creatives spent time in the area over the years, including Mark Twain, Virgil, Byron, Longfellow, Verdi, Rossini, Liszt and Puccini.
Is The TSA Worth Saving (POLL)? Big changes could be coming to America's least favorite federal agency.
Diverse Wine Festivals Around The U.S. What better way to shake off the winter chills than enjoying a glass (or three) of vino accompanied by artisanal foods and cheeses?
Local Flavors Of The Dominican Republic With Chef Martin Berasategui (PHOTOS) Both all-inclusive Paradisus resorts in the Dominican Republic offer a combined 18 restaurants, but none as fashionable and trendy as Chef Mart\u00edn Berasategui's.
Festival Season Is Here May and early June are great times to save on travel; we've even found deals that are valid over Memorial Day weekend.
20 Reasons To Visit Colombia (PHOTOS) There are countless reasons to visit Colombia. Here are 20 just to get you started on discovering this sometimes misunderstood country.
Flying The (Still) Friendly Skies. With Kids! Regardless of what Internet commenters would have you believe, people are polite, courteous, even, when you're traveling with small children.
Explore America When the HBO show \Deadwood\ came out, it made this real old American West town a stop on many road trip itineraries.
Soho House Founder Nick Jones On Hotel B\u00eate Noirs And Falling For South America I want to go mad out there -- Brazil, Colombia, I'm looking for potential Soho House spots everywhere. The vibe out there is infectious.
A Compact Copenhagen Guide Book If one of Noma's chefs told me the name of her favorite Copenhagen eating place, I would put it on my list. Now there's a nicely designed little guide book to the city based on just that sort of recommendation
7 Things I Miss When I'm Abroad As I embark on my latest adventure abroad, I'm mentally preparing myself to do without all the things I miss most when I travel.
A Stay At An \Exotic Marigold Hotel\ In Jaipur (PHOTOS) The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel feels a bit like a beautiful photo book, bursting with richly colored photographs from India. A convincing argument to visit.
10 Weird Festivals For A Wacky Summer (PHOTOS) Summer is a time for state fairs and carnivals. Not every town, however, is satisfied with corndogs and Ferris wheels.
Film Sets As Vacation Rentals (PHOTOS) Want to rent Edward and Bella's honeymoon villa from \Twilight\? What about the insanely beautiful home Ari and Melissa Gold
John Robshaw's Rules For Traveling In Asia I get plain lassis from Lassi Wallah on MI Road in Jaipur, India.
7 Cruises That Help You Stay Fit At Sea (PHOTOS) Enjoy your vacation without taking home extra pounds as a souvenir.
How Arthur Frommer Helped Shape Travel To Europe By 1972, everyone knew, Frommer was on to something.
Spirit Airlines CEO Last month, Spirit Airlines said in a written statement that though they empathized with Meekins, they worried that making
TSA Reveals Passenger Complaints... Four Years Later From intrusive pat-downs to body scans to perceived profiling, the Transportation Security Administration always seems to
Dateline Prague Teams have four required scavenges to perform in this leg, one each in Italy, Slovenia, Austria and the Czech Republic!
Alaska Airlines Flight Attendants Say New Uniforms Are Making Them Sick (VIDEO) Speaking to Seattle's King5 news, one flight attendant said \I\u2019ve never had a uniform like this. I broke out this week. I
Kenlie Tiggeman, Southwest's 'Too Fat To Fly' Passenger, Sues Airline (VIDEO) video platformvideo managementvideo solutionsvideo player Tiggeman is fighting for an industry standards. \If you're telling
George H.W. Bush, Laura And Family Arrive In New York Following Cruise On Queen Mary 2 Upon getting on the ship, Bush reiterated how excited he was. Barbara told USA Today that her husband had \been talking about
The Saga Of Cleveland, Ohio And Its Accordion King (PHOTOS) For those interested in seeing an integral part of Rust Belt history, Cleveland is still an essential stop.
The Bureaucracy Of Travel Sure plane travel hasn't always been as rosy as a 1950s beach blanket melodrama, but still. Meals and bite sized snacks used to be free. Flights used to be pretty much on time. It didn't cost $25 to check your luggage.
Rosanne Cash Writes A Theme Song For America A new theme song and a new website aim to make visiting the United States easier for citizens of other countries.
Stay Like A Star Take a peek inside to see where the stars stay during their trip to the Mediterranean.
Underwater 'Discus' Hotel Planned For Dubai (PHOTOS) Here's hoping they have better luck this time. The planned hotel will feature 21 rooms, a dive center and a bar, all 32 feet
Our Girl In Havana A great many flout the ban and travel here illegally, flying to Mexico or Canada from where they can buy a ticket to Cuba. And the chance of getting caught is slim.
Tryp, New Wyndham Hotel Brand, Debuts In New York City (PHOTOS) Rooms at the property are on the large size for the city, and high ceilings and big windows make them feel larger. A large
Artifice Meets Authenticity In Doha's Souq Waqif (PHOTOS) You can find all sorts of things, from decadent gold and silver tea kettles, incense holders, ornate painted wooden boxes, henna paint for your hands, embroidered bukhnoq and spices.
Florida Keys Define The Art Of Reinvention Not only have the Keys and the people who live there survived countless floods and hurricanes, including three that finally put the kibosh on Henry Flagler's Overseas Railway that connected these free-standing tropical islands to the rest of the country, but they've managed to do it all with an uncommon panache.
Small-Town Grudges And Mother Nature's Nudges In Cinque Terre The people of the Cinque Terre are being taught a tough lesson. It's their beautiful land that brings the tourists.
7 Luxurious Honeymoon Hotels (PHOTOS) When budget isn't a concern, the possibilities for a truly spectacular honeymoon are endless.
High Plains Drifting There is a surprising amount to do within a short drive of Rapid City. Leave your urban sense of irony in its holster.
Exploring The Baja Wildness Via Instagram The same week news broke that Facebook would acquire Instagram, two travelers used the app to shoot their Baja California expedition, capturing a $1 billion memory of a gorgeous wilderness.
Between Sun And Sea On Singapore's Sentosa Island After breakfast, we steered clear of the macaque monkeys that had gathered on the patio in the hopes that hotel guests would share their croissants.
A Different Side Of Dubai (PHOTOS) We eyed them with empathetic fatigue -- they grunted under the weight of the boxes and sighed from exertion.
Cinque Terre Six Months After The Flood Vernazza is built around one street and the surrounding hills funneled flash-flood waters right through the middle of town. After six months, the upper half of town still feels like a war zone.
Spirit Airlines Carry-On Fee Raised To As Much As $100 Spirit is currently in hot water with veterans after a Vietnam War vet, Jerry Meekins, was refused a refund after he found
The U.S.'s Unwelcoming Approach To Welcoming Foreigners Presumably, the training of the men and women working at U.S. entry points includes instruction in the religions and cultures of the people they will encounter.  In this case, at least, the training didn't work.
Hot Town, Summer In Park City In today's Park City, the riches lie above ground and the prospects are looking good!
Processions, Pomp And Paraguay's Easter Festivities Mostly active in rural Paraguay, this short, hairy and incredibly ugly imp is said to create all kinds of mischief, including stealing eggs, scaring cattle and impregnating women by running between their legs.
Inside The Liberty Inn, A New York Sex Hotel It was pretty embarrassing to ask for the Romantic Interlude Suite.
Southern Utah The national parks in southern Utah preserve this natural landscape for you and millions of visitors, as they have been doing for about 100 years.
Iceland Volcano Tours In spite of Iceland's recent history with eruptions (Remember Eyjafjallajokull and even Grimsvotn?) adventure company 3H
TripAdvisor Picks The Best Destinations Worldwide (PHOTOS) While Paris topped the charts in 2011's list, London took the coveted spot for travelers' most buzzed about destination. But
Color In La Candelaria Although still a dangerous place to be wandering around at night, La Candelaria is brimming with color, personality and most of all, intrigue.
Cheerleaders Entertain Stranded Passengers At China's Dalian International Airport The airport brought in a group of college cheerleaders to perk up passengers, reports ChinaSmack. Sporting matching blue
Cinema, Surf and Turtles In Barbados We roared past Oistins, where locals lounged outside in open-air bars and cafes, and arrived at George Washington's House is a cloud of dust.
Brad Pitt And Angelina Jolie's Favorite Hotels (PHOTOS) Whenever there's a \momentous\ occasion in Hollywood such as this, we like to take a look back at the hotels that inevitably serve as the backdrop to tabloid-friendly romance.
A Day In The Life Of A Travel Writer In Belize (VIDEO) Ever wonder what a guidebook writer does all day?
Borders Were Made To Be Crossed Cuidad del Este is a bustling city on the Paraguayan side of the Rio Parana. It forms the triple frontier with Brazil and Argentina, but it couldn't be more different from its orderly neighbors.
Dos And Don'ts Of Visiting Germany Social rules. Germany's got a lot of 'em, and ignoring etiquette yields a puckered brow, pronto. But don't fret - our tips
A Waypoint On A Walk Across America (PHOTOS) It took five weeks to walk from New York to Pittsburgh. After about 270 miles on the Appalachian Trail I headed west on Route 30 till I got to the old steel city to pick up a canoe and begin my river journey on the great Ohio.
Chilling In Curacao Just back from
A Rainy Day In The Rajasthani Desert (PHOTOS) They turned to me and explained that visitors in their village were quite rare and rain in the summer season rarer still.
Dateline Cyprus Yahsas! Welcome to Cyprus, the island known as the playground of the gods!
10 Extremely Specialized Luxury Hotel Staff Members (PHOTOS) When luxury hotels started employing beach butlers and romance concierges, it seemed like overkill on the specialized services
10 Extremely Specialized Luxury Hotel Staff Members (PHOTOS) Customer needs--as this roundup shows--are becoming more eclectic by the day.
Quest For The Water Castle Water is over-tapped and under-tended in many places around the world -- but not here. How has this alpine haven resisted temptation to bleed its most precious resource?
Swimming At The Great Barrier Reef, At Last After a pair of cyclones, a resort on Australia's famed Great Barrier Reef rebuilds -- and welcomes guests for whom a visit was a long time coming.
A Day In The (Wild) Life Of The Okavango Delta (PHOTOS) Well known to be one of the world's premier wildlife destinations, our senior travel designer just got back from an outstanding trip to Africa.
The Best Night-Time Farmers' Markets Let hemp-tote-carrying early-bird locavores get the worm\u2014at these night markets, you can have your pick of amazing gourmet
Arianna Huffington On Hotel Perfection, Surviving Jetlag And Lunching Like A Politico Travel tips and insider advice from the well-traveled editor-in-chief of the Huffington Post Media Group.
24 Best Travel Blogs And Websites Traveling can be exhilarating and exhausting, inspiring and intimidating all at once. But with every personal connection
Monkey Madness To Viking Lore, Festivals Worth Traveling For (PHOTOS) From the wildest street parties to time-honored cultural traditions, take a look at this collection of fantastic festival photos from around the globe.
Explore America While \Virginia is For Lovers\ has been the widely recognized ad slogan for 43 years, the state is also now fast becoming the destination for wine lovers.
Life Today marks my one year anniversary of putting my stuff in storage, saying adios to my address and traveling the world as a member of the No Permanent Abode club.
5 Tips For Renting A Villa In Italy Renting a villa in Italy allows us to live like Italians -- if only for a week or two.
How Social Media Made Me Less Of A Cynical Flyer This is the story of how American Airlines is doing one thing very right.
7 Incredible Sunsets Around The Globe (PHOTOS) The truth is, few things are more romantic and relaxing than watching the sunset -- be it on a pristine beach in the Caribbean or atop a high-rise in Miami.
Top Eco Resorts For Yoga Lovers (PHOTOS) Looking for somewhere exotic to unwind, pamper yourself and learn, all at the same time?
A Virtually Free Vacation Can Be Yours When You Home Swap And Use Air Miles Suppose I told you that you can afford a vacation. You can even travel abroad. Simply swap your home and enjoy free lodging almost anywhere in the world.
High Winds Cause Scary Landings In Northern Spain (VIDEO) Amazingly, the airport remained open, and no injuries or flight cancellations were reported. Video footage taken in Bilbao
Roman Theme Park, Romaland, Might Be In The Works Outside Rome The project, dubbed Romaland, hopes to see \millions of tourists having the chance to stroll through the ancient forum, race
48 Hours In Oman On The Global Scavenger Hunt The Global Scavenger Hunt travel adventure competition has arrived in the Middle East, and the competition is heating up.
Dutch Court Upholds Ban On Tourists In Cannabis Cafes A lawyer for the coffee shop owners said they would appeal. The government in October launched a plan to ban what it considered
Ask Airfarewatchdog I doubt it's a conspiracy, but you should never trust airport check-in desk luggage scales.
National Geographic Photos Celebrate National Park Week (PHOTOS) New images from National Geographic and its legions of fans are bringing National Park Week, which ends this Sunday, to an
How To Be Prepared For Anything When You Travel One of the most important things you learn as a Boy Scout is their motto to always \be prepared,\ and as I've grown up and traveled the world, I've found this to also be a travel truism.
Asylum Time-Lapse Shows Maryland's Creepy Side (VIDEO) When we last checked in with Andrew Geraci, we picked up on his awesome time-lapse of Washington, D.C. at night. His latest
Why Denver Is A Great Destination This Summer (PHOTOS, VIDEO) With nearly 300 new restaurants, the addition of a history center, a new museum and more, this summer it will be easy for the city to attract visitors from across the U.S. and abroad.
A Tour Of The World's Most Opulent Villas (PHOTOS) What kind of holiday rental home costs $10,000 a day? Perhaps one set on a private Caribbean beach and kitted out with a personal fleet of boats.
10 Reasons We Love The Window Seat (PHOTOS) Looking out that little oval is the best way to make transit part of the adventure.
Zipping Over Mexico's Copper Canyon I gawked in all directions as I flew across the canyons, whooping and hollering all the way.
Little-Known Facts About America's National Parks (PHOTOS) National Park Week is underway, and free entrance to nearly 400 parks continues through this Sunday. In celebration of the
'Fourth Wife Flies Free' Promoted on the low cost airline's Facebook page, the deal is only available until April to 30 for flights from Johannesburg
France Is Anti-Family And Off My Wish List Right after I got the news about my husband, the cobblestone streets, the terracotta buildings, the Juliet balconies, the fountains and the statues of Aix did not seem charming. Every single thing I saw in Aix seemed racist, narrow-minded and anti-family.
Just Back From We're living in an era when every morsel of information is just a Google search away. But I recently visited a place -- probably one of the last on earth -- where there are more questions than answers.
8 Ultra-Inclusive Resorts For The 1 Percent (PHOTOS) What's the difference between a luxury resort and a luxury resort? These eight are even more exclusive, pride themselves on highly individualized service and are seldom larger than 20 to 40 rooms.
Best Cars For Ski Towns (PHOTOS) You need to get to the hill in style, right? So Team Liftopia threw their opinions into the mixer, and I've assembled a list of the best ski cars.
Where To Dine Healthy In Johnson City, Texas Just an hour or so northwest of San Antonio, located in the beautiful rolling hill country, Johnson City is the small town that president Lyndon Baines Johnson grew up in.
Ask Fathom From time to time, the editors at Fathom answer letters from travelers in need of trip-planning advice. Fathom editorial director Jeralyn Gerba steers you away from road trip junk food.
Experience The Sounds Of Lollapalooza 2012 This year's Lollapalooza festival kicks off on August 3 in Chicago's Grant Park, and to get you in the mood, the team at Tablet has created a special 10-song preview of this year's lineup.
Oyster Half Dozen We may talk a lot about luxury hotels, but we're suckers for a good deal.
Whimsical Cupcakes That Feed The Soul In Phnom Penh, Cambodia Opened in 2010, Bloom Training Centre and Caf\u00e9 is the brain-child of Ruth Larwill, a mother of two from Brisbane, Australia, who found she could use her passion for cake decorating to provide economic opportunity for vulnerable women in Cambodia.
Puerto Vallarta Years of work and millions of dollars have revamped the Malecon into an eye-popping, 12-block-long art show peppered by dozens of sculptures, mosaics and paintings along with all kinds of indoor and outdoor galleries.
Dateline Sri Lanka Hard to believe that in 2008 this nation was on one of those, \most dangerous places in the world\ lists. Not anymore, as things are a hustle and bustle here, with one of the fastest-growing economies in the world today.
The Ladin Legends Of The Dolomites For thousands of years, the Dolomites have been home to a unique people, the Ladins, whose culture is steeped in deep routed history and tradition. These are but a few of their stories and legends.
Torture In The Air Many of us have a genuine anxiety about flying. It's not so much that the plane will fall out of the sky -- although to some of us it's always a possibility -- it's more about the entire truly tortuous air travel experience.
TripAdvisor Air Travel Survey Reveals Travelers' Habits 22 percent of participants don't enjoy a single thing about air travel. 41 percent cite more leg room as the biggest improvement
Jerry Meekins, Terminal Cancer Patient, Says Spirit Airlines Won't Refund Tickets (VIDEO) Spirit Airlines, which has called itself the \most consumer-friendly airline,\ isn't the only company that has dealt with
Top Five Green Honeymoon Destinations (PHOTOS) What better way to celebrate your love and embark on your life journey as husband and wife than by experiencing an eco-conscious adventure together?
A Cooking Class At Villa Ida In Sorrento We arrive for our cooking class in Sorrento, Italy, on Pasquetta, the Monday after Easter -- a national holiday celebrated by families throughout Italy. It seems appropriate that today everyone is focused on food and camaraderie.
OTP's Free Travel Believe it or not, as broke as you may be, you can still find entertainment in the land of wooden clogs and bikes.
Copenhagen's Noma Opening Pop-up Restaurant In London During The Olympics Awarding gold, silver and bronze medals to restaurants may be a fool's errand given the inevitable subjectivity. But if you're planning to brave the crowds, disruptions and high prices of London during this summer's Olympic Games, you'll want to eat here.
What Third World Travel Has Taught Me My extensive travel in the developing world\u00a0has highlighted to me how incredibly easy our developed world lives are.
Why Disneyland Paris Is Totally Worth A Visit (PHOTOS) I've always believed that Disney World and Disneyland don't have enough rides for those guests who are too old for Dumbo but not yet ready for the Tower of Terror. There are rides unique to Paris, which give the resort an edge.
Mysterious Machu Picchu (PHOTOS) Machu Picchu is a place I've wanted to visit ever since my Dad brought home a View Master with pictures of the site -- and here I was these many years later!
Farewell To A Jewel Of A City (PHOTOS) My five days in Prague with the purpose of visiting my daughter, Nell, on her junior semester abroad have been delightful. It is a destination celebrated as the new Paris, an edgy and exciting destination with much to do and see.
TSA Reportedly Tells Passenger To 'Go To Hell' #TSA ruined my luggage. I go to to file a claim. This is the form I get that says \ go to hellllllllllll\ wtg #TSA twitter.com
The World's Most Beautiful Train Stations In 1972, Pulitzer Prize-winning author, and The New York Times' very first architecture critic, Ada Louise Huxtable observed
10 Out-Of-The-Ordinary Honeymoon Spots It's your honeymoon, so it has to be special and unique. From the windswept beaches of a car-free island in the Baltic to
What A US Airways & American Airlines Merger Would Mean For You My advice is to start planning ahead as much as you can so you can start to redeem your American and US Airways miles as quickly as you can.
Going Home Despite being a rabbi's daughter, I had never been to Israel before -- unless you count the fact that I was conceived on an Israeli kibbutz 40+ years ago.
5 Dive Spots In Unexpected Places Around The World (PHOTOS) Places like the Caribbean and South Pacific have great opportunities for diving, but they aren't the only places you can explore an exceptionally cool underwater world.
Man Proposes On Megabus (VIDEO) Megabus even took to Twitter to congratulate the newly engaged couple. And take a look at these other travel-friendly proposals
Thank You Somali Pirates For This Fascinating Vacation (PHOTOS) Recently, 148 accomplished travelers aboard National Geographic Explorer found themselves in the historic position of being the largest group of tourists to dock in the Freeport of Monrovia, Liberia since the 1970s.
Top Celebrity-Owned Hotels (PHOTOS) For some celebs, being a movie star or rock star simply isn't enough -- so they tacked hotelier onto their resumes.
Dateline Thailand Today is a day of transition in the 8th annual around the world travel adventure competition. We are neither here nor there yet, but hovering in a place in between -- also known affectionately as a layover!
Shakespeare, Woody Allen And A Certain Qantas A380 Both Woody Allen and William Shakespeare have words of wisdom regarding the momentous flight today of Qantas Airlines' newly resurrected Airbus A380. Don't believe me? Keep reading.
Borat Still Boosting Kazakhstan Tourism After the movie was released in 2006, the number of visas issued by Kazakhstan grew tenfold, reports Agence France-Presse
US Travel Industry, Rosanne Cash Launch First 'Discover America' Ad Campaign Walt Disney Company, Marriott and Best Western have all chipped in $1 million each in financing as well, Bloomberg reports
A Serene Hideaway On Brazil's Green Coast An old port of call nestled between the Atlantic Ocean and the Bocaina Mountain Range, Paraty is the kind of place where you could write your memoirs, lying in a hammock overlooking a waterfront dotted with wooden fishing boats in bold greens, blues and oranges.
Finding A Happy Place With The Help Of Statistics (PHOTOS) The UN has recently released their World Happiness Report 2012, with Nordic inhabitants coming out on top
Pardon My French The neighborhood has been in protracted decline
Cape Town's Stunning Beauty And Deep History Whether you visit Cape Town for fun or business, you will not be disappointed in the stunning sights or rich history lesson you get during your visit.
Explore America If you're already in Nebraska for the annual Sandhill Crane migration or if you simply appreciate wildlife in America and are looking for some place to go for a nice road trip, another interesting only-in-Nebraska event is that it's prairie chicken mating season.
New U.S. Literary Tourism Goes Beyond 'The Hunger Games' \The author is from Jackson, and the book is set in 1963 Jackson. But Jackson doesn't look like 1963 anymore, and Greenwood
National Parks Week National Parks Week begins Saturday, when all 397 parks around the U.S. offer free admission and special programs to lure
A Northern Indian Road Trip Becomes A Cultural Buffet The streets were clogged with traffic, brightly painted trucks, rickshaws and regal looking camels pulling wagons full of grain.
Best Kids' Cruise? Disney Or NCL (VIDEO) Disney doesn't rule the seven seas when it comes to the growing market for family cruises. There is another.
America's Best Rooftop Bars (PHOTOS) High above the bustling din of Midtown Manhattan, Morris found what he was looking for atop the 21st floor of the Strand Hotel.
National Park Week You don't have to plan a trip months in advance to secure a campsite under the stars, have a hiking trail and a summit peak all to yourself or find out where the wild things are this summer.
10 Green Hotels To Book For Earth Day (PHOTOS) Earth Day calls for some tree-hugging and eco-friendly practices.
Discovering The Mysterious Charms Of Azerbaijan (PHOTOS) Ignited natural gas rises from the ground, creating stunning if not shocking sites that, hundreds and hundreds of years ago, attracted Hindu fire worshippers.
Outrageous Hidden Hotel Fees Everything from room service to resort activities can tack on additional costs to your stay -- and we dug up some hidden fees to watch out for on your next trip.
Why Gran Canaria And The Canary Islands Are Worth A Visit There are more than 80 beaches on the islands. Chances are your average tourists will visit just two, Playa del Ingles and
Taking The Plunge As a newly certified scuba diver, I was looking for a getaway where I could try out my new skills -- then kick back on a rope hammock and watch the boats go by.
Being A Jetsetter Curator Jetsetter's editors are the gatekeepers of the site's hotels and homes and the people who send writers (and themselves) all over the globe to review them. (It's a hard job!)
Hidden Gems What better way to spend Earth Day 2012 than by taking a trip to one of the world's relatively undiscovered national parks?
How A Kiwi Fruit Led To My Biggest Airport Security Snafu No matter how often you travel, even if you are a professional like me, it's important to cover your bases before heading to the airport.
People Really Do Like To Be Beside The Seaside, Study Says The songs and postcards appear to be right - a study suggests we really do like to be beside the seaside. Researchers found
Traveling In The Footsteps Of Alexander The Great (PHOTOS) You can discover things along this path that put you at the very heart of Alexander's story, just a heartbeat away from the cities he conquered and even the very people he knew and loved.
Hiking Mount Washington, Northeastern America's Tallest Mountain (VIDEO) Our guide for the trip was Noah Kleiner, a seasoned pro who has summited Mount Washtington a number of times, most recently
America's Best Cities For Hipsters (PHOTOS) A smirking attitude toward mainstream institutions means they frequent cool, often idiosyncratic restaurants, shops, and bars, the same kinds of venues that appeal to many travelers.
Los Angeles To San Francisco The Jean Paul Gaultier fashion retrospective at the de Young Museum in San Francisco was the perfect pretext for a road trip along one of the world's most spectacular coastal roads.
In Giverny A visit to Monet's home in Giverny results in some surprisingly creative travel photographs.
Searching For Lions In Botswana I grab my flashlight and shoot the beam towards the coals of the fire. Two dog-like mottled shapes. Four electrified eyes.
Double-A 'AAwful' Flight Attendant Sued By American Airlines American has gone and filed suit against the loud-mouthed, gender-bending, former flight attendant whose new career goal, it seems, is embarrassing the heck out of the airline.
5 Common Myths About Cruise Travel While you could easily spend all your time on board the ship, enjoying all the comforts of home (and way more), the only thing stopping you from having incredible, unforgettable experiences in port are your own misconceptions about cruise travel.
Dateline Myanmar If it were not for U.S. Secretary of State Hilary Clinton's visit to this hermit-like nation-state just a few short months ago, this event would not be here today enjoying the spectacular sights, sounds and smells of a truly one-of-a-kind mesmerizing, mysterious and beguiling travel destination.
Pilot Unresponsive In Private Plane Circling Over Gulf Of Mexico A private plane is circling over the Gulf of Mexico and the pilot is \incapacitated,\ and apparently unconscious. NBC's Pete
National Geographic Magazine Takes Readers On Everest Expedition (PHOTOS) The legendary mountain climber Conrad Anker is on his way up Everest and, thanks to the May iPad edition of National Geographic
Inside Europe's Most Expensive Hotel Room It's a baroque explosion of vaulted ceilings, endless rooms and gilding. You could be forgiven for thinking you were a long-lost Medici in this stunning perch.
Ryanair Launches Hotel Comparison Site (PHOTOS) Ryanair is famous for its sexy calendar of flight attendants (see below). Wonder if O'Leary has any influence on the maid
Unconscious Pilot Crashes Into Gulf of Mexico April 19 (Reuters) - The unconscious pilot of a small private plane flew in circles over the Gulf of Mexico for hours on
Buckle Pup Up With These Pet Travel Safety Tips For pet-parents, the opportunity to take trips with their animals is especially appealing -- but do you have everything you need to keep your pet happy and safe along the way?
Inspirational Hotel Decor Ideas For Your Own Home (PHOTOS) Take a cue (or several) from some of the most well-decorated hotels and incorporate 'em into your own little nest.
Families And Flying \Flying the friendly skies always feels a bit like playing a game of Russian roulette,\ Keli expressed in her post. Indeed
Lessons Learned And Gained While Volunteering Abroad Volunteering is not just about giving. By stepping outside of yourself you open up your world, ironically you are the one who becomes the receiver, and life delivers some magical lessons.
Everyone Loves Blood Black pudding, blood pudding or blood sausage
Decoding Italy's Menu Mysteries The search for common ground between food lovers and weight-watchers, bargain-seekers and luxury-lovers ends in the most
Zurich On A Dime - Budget Travel Tips For The World's Most Expensive City On my second day in Zurich, named the world's most expensive city by The Economist, I found myself sitting at an outdoor
Time Travel With Glamorous Italians (PHOTOS) Many factors come into play when considering what to pack for a trip -- weather, itinerary, atmoshpere, the company you'll
Oregon Man Strips Down To Protest TSA At Portland International Airport PREVIOUSLY
Catching Trout In Branson, Missouri's Fishing Hole These fish are wary and need to be stalked with patience, something I lack. Even your shadow on the water warns them away.
Celebrating Taos Pueblo On The International Day for Monuments and Sites (PHOTOS) Celebrating the International Day of Monuments and Sites is a way of respecting the traditions that make up the fascinating mosaic of our common heritage.
Visit A Jail, Particle Accelerator Or Paranormal Museum On Obscura Day (PHOTOS) We're throwing down from New York to New Zealand and have a bunch of events and adventures lined up, including access to nuclear reactors, particle accelerators, Alcatraz and magic libraries.
9 Animals You Wouldn't Expect To See In A Hotel (PHOTOS) Sure, cats and dogs are fun hotel pets, but so are the penguins, wolves and giraffes that call these resorts around the world home.
Cash Vs. Card In The Middle East Not only are we seeing political revolutions spring up across the Middle East. We're also rapidly moving forward with social and economic revolutions in the region as well.
The 9 Worst Hotel Room Views Ever (PHOTOS) Even the most posh hotels can have a few drawbacks, like being assigned to an interior-facing room.
Floating, Sunbathing And Shopping On The Riviera Maya Slow currents carry you through the narrow waterway with sky high mangroves on one side and tall reeds towering above on the other.
Beirut's Riviera Hotel Launches Bizarre Promotion With Bathroom Sunglasses Beirut's Riviera Hotel has long been a bastion of style and class on the Mediterranean. Opened in 1956, the hotel offers
A Moroccan Sahara Odyssey (PHOTOS) The sun was setting and there was nothing but bright orange sand as far as the eye could see. No noise, no pollution and no one else for miles and miles.
Our Nation's Travel Infrastructure And How It Works As the host of the PBS series America Revealed, which focuses next Wednesday night on our nation's travel infrastructure and how it works, I've had the opportunity to get an up-close look at our roads, rails, buses, air travel systems -- even ferries.
Springtime In Northeast Resort Towns (PHOTOS) With an early spring bringing unusually warm weather, East Coast resort towns are starting to anticipate their busy season coming right around the corner.
Lineposters \Biased answer, but I really love that the NYC design kind of becomes a skeleton for the land and boroughs of NYC. If you're
Loving The Lakes And Palaces Of Udaipur The white stone made a beautiful contrast against the blue waters and the air was silent save for the call of birds.
Minnesota Couple Lost On Costa Concordia Identified Members of the Heil family traveled to Italy to speak with Italian authorities in January. Photos from that time, as well
Dearborn's Henry Ford Museum Commemorates 100th Anniversary Of The Titanic's Sinking (PHOTOS) An exhibit at The Henry Ford museum in Dearborn offers an engaging look at the sinking of the Titanic.
Splurge-Worthy Trips For Your Tax Refund (PHOTOS) Tax day isn't an official holiday, but with millions of Americans expecting a refund, it could inspire a vacation or two when that check arrives.
Dateline Taiwan Checking in now from Taipei, Taiwan, with the majestic 101 Taipei building -- formerly the world's tallest -- looming in the distance and seemingly radiating as a tropical lightening storm illuminates the early evening sky.
A Traveler's Take On Europe's Economic Crisis You can expect rich travel experiences and locals thankful that you decided to spend a slice of your vacation time and money in their country.
Six Quirky Reasons To Fall In Love With Portland The so-called City of Roses is so quirky that locals just take it for granted. For those still operating under a normal paradigm, here are Portland's top six quirky attractions.
Embracing The Tenderloin At The Urban Tavern Urban Tavern is in the Tenderloin District, so-named for a rougher decade when labor bosses and crooked politicians controlled the area.
Global Hotel Exchange (GHX) Fights For What's Right in Online Hotel Booking Just like Rockefeller was doing to small gas stations, these gigantic, well-entrenched online creatures can put smaller, independent travel businesses right out of business if they don't want to pay 35% of their revenues to these avaricious OTAs.
A Guide To London's Street Food (PHOTOS) When the English do dessert, they are obscene.  Why just have bananas with toffee in a pie, when you can smother it with cream and sometimes even chocolate and layer it on a buttered biscuit crust?
Paradise on a Budget Whether lounging on the beach at an exclusive eco lodge or discovering your inner yogi at a luxury retreat, it's easy to
What To Do In Copenhagen While there is no end to the number of activities in Copenhagen, the city's surrounds have equally abundant offerings - from
Alternatives To Italy's Romance Hotspots Romance runs rich through Italy\u2019s veins, with icons of amore to melt the hardest heart. But the most famous sight isn\u2019t always
Madame Tussauds Opens In Australia (PHOTOS) Madame Tussauds opened in Sydney's Darling Harbour Monday, marking the 14th edition of the house of all things wax and its
Is The TSA Coming For Your iPad? (POLL) Well, they're the perfect item to plunder. They're relatively compact, they're sought-after and there's a robust, no-questions-asked market for used iPads online. Oh, and they're pretty easy to steal.
Woman Sobs Over TSA Patdown Editorial Note
A Minor Diversion In Penang, we stayed at an ultra-luxury two bedroom beachfront apartment with a private beach, pool, tennis court, playground and daily maid service for $110 a night.
UPDATE \The FO (First Officer) initially mistook the planet Venus for an aircraft but the captain advised again that the target
5 Foods You Must Try In The Dolomites The Dolomites are rich with delectable treats and endless traditional fare for visitors to feast on. But there are five foods in particular that should be considered the \must try\ items.
Oyster Half Dozen Sometimes you may wanna just get away from home, but can't bear to leave your little bear at home. These hotels are here to help.
The Best Hotels For Mixing And Mingling (PHOTOS) These hotels are social spaces, with lobbies and lounges that are made for mixing. It's easy enough to simply turn up and see who you meet, the old-fashioned way.
How To Stay On Budget In Turkey (PHOTOS) There are many ways to stretch your Lira in order to appreciate such a diverse country.
Rust And Roll On Route 66 (PHOTOS) If you go off the freeways and find the backroads or old routes of the western U.S., there are some interesting things to be seen.
What Is Travel Philanthropy? In an age of increasing awareness of world issues and global needs, there has been a recent surge in travel philanthropy or, more simply put, using travel as a means to give back. Well-intentioned people who truly want to make a difference simply don't know where to begin, or whether or not their efforts will really have an impact.
Annual Around The World Travel Adventure Competition Set To Begin The Global Scavenger Hunt is all about fun and engaging. It is about novelty -- day in and day out for 23 days as you circumnavigate the globe. It is about challenges, being creative, learning, being open and trusting strangers in strange lands.
A Gentle Arrival In New Delhi Fortunate to be moving at all -- cars in the opposite direction were gridlocked as far as the eye could see -- I craned my neck out the window to get a better look.
Portugal Weathers Economic Troubles With Style Major projects in Portugal are not just stalled. They are stopped. The TGV-style bullet train from Madrid to Lisbon, the city's new airport and a planned freeway expansion have all been halted.
36 Hours in Paris Avec Enfants With short attention spans and sleep deprivation, we were seeking the ultimate itinerary for a speedy trip to Paris with kids.
Visiting Santiago's Parque Por La Paz The park was a living embodiment of the healing many in this country are still going through.
A Peruvian Kitchen Offers A Window On A Nation (PHOTOS) First we make conchitas a la parmesana, an easy but elegant presentation of scallops baked in their shells with roe, made with butter, cheese, lime juice, pisco, olive oil, aji amarillo paste, salt and pepper.
Denmark's Little Mermaid Gets A Brother (PHOTOS) Design duo Elmgreen & Dragset have just given tourists another reason to visit the Danish harbor town of Helsingor
Crimea, Ukraine's Odd Beach Paradise \Shrimp, sunflower seeds, baklava!\ That odd beach vendor chant is the sound of summer in the Crimea, a small Ukrainian peninsula
Summer Hotspot With summer temperatures that rarely climb over 90 degrees and just as infrequently drop below 70 degrees, Hawaii's Big Island
Hidden London London has more than its fair share of must-see sights and instantly recognisable landmarks, but hidden down the side streets
Bachelorette Party Getaways For The Stars (PHOTOS) We figured if we did the legwork of finding the perfect spot to play host to each of the celebs' bachelorette parties, then they'd have to send us an invite, right?
Explore America This is one of the biggest events in Long Beach and thus is a big boon to the local economy. Each year, this promises to be a fun weekend for the car enthusiast in the family -- or if you're looking for something to do that's new.
4-Star Hotel Deal Many three- and four-star hotels will lower their rates to appear more competitive in hotel search results, but then make up the difference with little extra charges in the end.
A Pizza-Making Class at Pizza a Casa in NYC Mark Bello, owner and preeminent pizza-maker, teaches how-to classes at his pie-making business on Grand Street.
5 Fascinating Urban Green Spaces Around The World (PHOTOS) As our urban landscapes continue to expand outwards, the green spaces within these landscapes become more and more precious.
Motel 6 Turns 50 (PHOTOS) Founded in Santa Barbara in 1962 by William Becker and Paul Greene, developers of low-cost housing in California, Motel 6
An Accidentally Touristy Experience At Le Grand Colbert In Paris In the mind of the maitre d', I wasn't just a disheveled backpacker and a stereotypical American tourist, which was bad enough. On top of that, I was a full-on Diane Keaton groupie, a Jack Nicholson stalker!
Nina Katchadourian, Artist, Recreates Flemish Paintings In Airplane Lavatory (PHOTOS) Artist Nina Katchadourian has a creative way of passing the time on a long-haul flights
10 Great Things To Do In Toronto This Spring And Summer Simply put
Life Returns To Fire Island Pines Seventy-two percent cocoa Godiva and Mo\u00ebt and Chandon champagne sure do go down easy on the deck overlooking the Atlantic.
Quick Tips For Travelers To Rome, Paris and London The old ladies on their folding chairs as they hang out in the Jewish Quarter; rays of sunlight cutting through St. Peter's Basilica; the scene on Via del Corso in the early evening when it's closed to traffic.
How To Plan Your First Trip To Italy Rome will require a few intense days of museums and churches and sites. You don't have to go far to find them
Korean Airlines Jetliner Diverted To Canadian Military Airbase After Bomb Threat Korean Air flight 72, which was en route to South Korean capital Seoul, diverted to the Comox base on Vancouver Island in
Shopping And Dining On Singapore's Orchard Road The food court was unlike any I've ever seen
Essential Road Trip Songs, As Picked By Readers Of Huffington Post Travel (LISTEN) We here at Huffington Post Travel love us a road trip. And more importantly, we love road trip music. We asked you, the readers
London Dining Two new developments on the London dining scene make for an alluring night out, before or after the theater.
Paris For Hemingway nerds and Francophiles alike, Paris is the place and A Moveable Feast the city guide.
Meeting A Supertramp By his own account, he had walked nearly 100,000 miles when I met him.
10 Stunning Mountain Views Around The World (PHOTOS) The snow is melting, but ski destinations can be just as pleasurable when the weather heats up
World's Rudest Countries For Travelers (PHOTOS) Other nations with the world's least friendly people include Russia, the U.K. and Germany, respectively. As for the U.S., while
Woman Strips Naked At Denver Airport Passengers stripping at airports has happened in the past, though mostly in protest of the TSA. Tammy Banovac, a 52-year
Hangover Cure Via Bus In Las Vegas Had a bit too much last night in Vegas? Of course you did, that's the point. Well, your saving grace has arrived via bus
Rob Lowe On California's Best Beaches, In-N-Out & His Favorite California Songs (VIDEO) Rob Lowe -- he of \Parks and Recreation,\ \The West Wing\ and \St. Elmo's Fire\ -- has been enlisted by the state of California
The Top Non-'Taxing' Travel Destinations (PHOTOS) Why not take those much-deserved tax returns and put them toward your next vacation?
5 Ways To Travel The World For Free I crossed eleven countries, travelled through a variety of climes, slept in forty different homes and acquired free food in more than 500 stores and restaurants. Net cost
Setting Sail On A Schooner For A Knitting Vacation On each sailing trip, 24 knitters gather on the 120-foot, two-masted schooner.
5 Awesome Music Festivals At Ski Resorts A party in the middle of the frozen forest transforms traditional warming huts into bars and sausage factories; the Arctic Disco is two dance floors inside a giant igloo carved out of ice.
Pardon My French Beyond the shingled roofs, I saw the stacked ochre buildings of the historic district in the distance and the green hillside beyond.
Discovering Rare Corals In Tysfjord, Norway (VIDEO, PHOTOS) When we think about coral reefs, we usually imagine a tropical idyll, snorkeling or diving in warm, clear water surrounded by shoals of rainbow hued fish. But there are also corals that build reefs in the dark, cold waters in the depths of the world's oceans.
National Park Week Starts April 21 The parks service is waiving entrance fees at all 397 national parks this month, from the mighty Yosemite in California's stretch of the Sierra Nevada mountains to the tiny Hot Springs National Park in central Arkansas.
Dr. Robert Ballard Dr. Robert Ballard, the oceanographer who discovered Titanic's wreckage in 1985, is on a crusade to save the ship from illegal
Wi-Fi Tops List Of Most-Wanted Hotel Amenities In New Survey (INFOGRAPHIC) The amenity, which -- color us shocked -- guests prefer not paying for, topped free breakfast and free parking as the most
Florida And The End Of The Road American roads are really good and so are American cars.
A Getaway To Palm Springs And Coachella Valley Whereas Palm Springs became a fashionable getaway for Hollywood types in the 1920s, Palm Desert saw its boom later in the mid century era.
Are TSA Agents Too Rude? (POLL) For those of you reading this who say it's unpatriotic to question the actions of an agency that stands guard against terrorism, let me ask you the following question
Redefining Remote In The Modern Age Each new technological shift or scientific breakthrough offers the potential to readjust and redefine the paradigm of what previously may have been considered inaccessible.
10 Surprising Facts About New York's Adirondacks Most people think of the Adirondack region in New York for its great hiking opportunities, but the area also holds a lot
Woman Blown Over By Jet Propulsion On St. Maarten Beach (VIDEO) A passerby filmed an unidentified woman grasping the gates of the airport, testing to see if she was strong enough to withstand
A First-Timer's Guide To Central Asia Read more on Lonely Planet (Photo
10 Things We Love About Portland, Oregon (PHOTOS) You want to know what's even more fun than watching Fred Armisen make jokes about Portland, Oregon on your television? Tuning into the actual city itself!
Samantha Brown and Rick Steves I go to travel shows in where the sponsors try to book whatever well-known travel celebrities they can. These days, there aren't many who can bring out a crowd. But Samantha Brown sure can.
Hotels For Modern Mad Men (PHOTOS) We've done our research and come up with hotels that modern day Don Draper's will love, so grab a fresh drink, tell Joan to hold your calls and take a look!
An Affordable April In The Adirondacks Boating and camping won't kick off just yet, as temperatures are only expected to be in the 50s by mid-April, but there are plenty of other things to do, especially for outdoorsy types.
Having It All In Turks And Caicos (PHOTOS) Guests hover over the abyss, watching eagle rays, sharks, turtles, corals and, during winter migrations, Humpback whales.
Vacation Pictures Make A Comeback The term itself evolved into a pejorative slur.  Just run around and say \home movies\ or \vacation slides\ to some unsuspecting 45 year old and see if they don't involuntarily shudder.
Hotel Impossible The Travel Channel's latest offering in a line up of new shows is \Hotel Impossible,\ which follows hotel veteran Anthony
New Orleans After the hurricane, homes built on a concrete slab left only the slab. Homes built on stilts in anticipation of flooding left absolutely nothing.
10 Hotels With Great Easter Brunches (PHOTOS) Who doesn't love the combo of booze and food on a Sunday afternoon?
Volunteering In The Wake Of A Disaster After a devastating earthquake shook Haiti, most efforts to help were certainly well intentioned. But it quickly became evident that some of these volunteer initiatives were actually causing more harm than good. Here's how to do it right.
Your 2012 Indie Travel Champion Is... In a big upset in the finals, Portugal squeaked by New Zealand to win the inaugural Indie Travel Take Down Tournament. In
A Weekend In Old New York As the sun's first rays pierced the monochrome haze of the Manhattan morning, I could almost hear the crashing opener of
10 Volunteer Programs For Budget Travelers Pay to volunteer? While many people assume volunteering is always free, going abroad to participate in community service
The View From Alaska's Remote Wilderness (PHOTOS) All of these amazing photos were shot by naturalists and Lindblad-National Geographic certified photo instructors last year during spring and summer in Alaska.
Travel Woes Are bags lost that often? Is travel actually more relaxing when you carry your grand piano through the airport?
Relaxing in a Charming Corner Of Austria (PHOTOS) The air is so crisp you can snap it in two and there are so many ways to relax or be active that you don't know whether to play eighteen holes of golf or just laze about.
72 Hours On The Road (VIDEO) We brought a Frisbee and only managed to toss it around once. That was in Iowa.
Our Girl In Havana I arrive to the soundtrack of Charlie Parker's jazz crackling out of a rigged up car stereo punctuated by the syncopated shake, rattle and roll of a beat up old Chevrolet hurtling along beside my taxi.
Dining In Paris A look at new (and classic) restaurants in Paris, including some unexpected finds!
Visual Adventure Buenos Aires, the cultural jewel of Argentina, is home to roughly 50 neighborhoods and countless theaters, cinemas and galleries.
Mexico, Safety And Other Questions Of Travel Rick Santorum took a pot shot, implying that President Obama is an irresponsible parent for allowing his daughter to travel to Mexico.
The Best First Class And Business Class Airlines (PHOTOS) No matter who makes it or who flies it, a plane can be boiled down to this
Like Food Trucks For Shopping The phrase \truck shop\ does not conjure images of sartorial grandeur. But call it the next iteration of the food cart phenomenon, and we bet you're intrigued.
Obscura Day 2012 Will Celebrate Strange Marvels On Four Continents (VIDEO) Check out the Obscura Day schedule to see if there will be an event near you. If there isn't, the Obscura Society's leaders
New Video Of JetBlue Pilot Surfaces; Pilot To Undergo Psych Exam (VIDEO) In a motion filed late Monday, prosecutors are requesting Osbon undergo a psychological exam, the Associated Press reports
Lateisha El, TSA Agent At JFK Airport, Arrested For Hurling Coffee At Pilot (VIDEO) At that point, an unidentified TSA worker told him to \mind his own business.\ Trivett said he was a TSA officer and an armed
8 Reasons To Go To Myanmar Now (PHOTOS) The reclusive country is ready for the spotlight.
The Ghosts Of Brownsville's Young Lovers (PHOTOS) There hasn't been much activity in Brownsville, Pa. in some years, but to visit the town, it's impossible not to be affected by its remnants and by its ghosts.
An Edu-Vacation Unless every vacation you take involves lying on the beach, there's a lot to be learned while traveling. We rounded up some of the most compelling (and popular) destinations for an edu-vacation.
Marrakech The three-day trip was a whirlwind, but I managed to capture some initial impressions of the fantastical North African city whose crimson and ochre hues and purple haze inspired the likes of Yves Saint Laurent.
Skiing To The South Pole There are crazies that climb into a steaming sauna, then head outside to run around the ceremonial pole marker naked as soon as the temperature dips beneath 100 below.
Exposing The Kew Motor Inn, A Sex Hotel (PHOTOS) I soon realized my error
Feline Fun In Japan's Cat Cafes Whisker by whisker, cats have begun to replace coffee as the top draw in caf\u00e9s across Japan. In a country where many citizens
World's Longest Tunnel-To-Tunnel Suspension Bridge Opens (PHOTOS) The bridge connects two cities--Chongqing Municipality to Changsha city--and runs a whopping 3,858 feet, and uses 2 tunnels
Malaysian Airlines Creates No Kids Zone In Economy Section Why are babies in first class, or on airplanes in general, such a big deal? Sound off in the comments below. Early last year
Explore America Nevada has its fair share of wonderfully preserved ghost towns. These desolate landscapes and dilapidated buildings provide wonderful subjects for photographers as well.
9 Tips for the Solo Female Traveller (PHOTOS) I have learned that I enjoy travelling by myself and that, more importantly, I am confident travelling by myself -- though I never compromise my safety.
The Staten Island Boat Graveyard (PHOTOS) Perhaps you've heard of an elephant graveyard, but what about a boat graveyard? Does such a thing exist? Turns out it does, and New York City has one.
A Difficult Hunt For Authentic Pizza, Even In Italy On a trip to Europe in search of true Italian pizza, I learned that globalization has made the quest for authenticity a tricky one.
Wine, Spirits And Coffee In The Dolomites Given the rich culture of the Dolomites, and the delectable dishes of traditional foods served throughout the region, it's no surprise that those traveling to this area can also expect to find a wide array of beverage choices.
'Wanna Be Green?' Ask Hotels. 'Then Re-Use That Dirty Towel!' The bathroom is where your hotel's earnest personality really begins to beam.
A European Village In America? (VIDEO) Alas, a Bavarian ski vacation is not in this year's budget.
World's Best Hotels For Families, According To TripAdvisor (PHOTOS) To compile the list, the site looked at 504 properties around the globe (don't worry, they're not all below) and sorted them
'Little Laos,' Joerg Daiber's Latest Tilt-Shift Video, Chronicles Southeast Asian Nation (VIDEO) Daiber said that it took him quite a bit to \get used to the number of tourists\ in Laos, in comparison to Myanmar. Daiber
Future Travel What will travel look like in fifty years?  Will heavy suitcases and lineups be annoyances of the past? It is hard to know, but we can speculate.
A Scooter Ride From Elbow Beach To Colonial St. George Colonial St. George is lovely slice of Bermuda that offers not only the visual delights of pastel homes, but also an alluring history.
Germany's Castles And Gardens The castle nestles in a dreamlike, l7-acre wood overlooking Lake Wedendorf and is one of the most beautiful palaces in the country.
Planning An Arts-Centered Vacation I've used the web to research trips for years, but these useful resources are bound to be new to any but the most dogged and attentive traveler.
Exploring The Wilds Of Australia (PHOTOS) One way to explore the sweeping abundance of Australia is by immersing yourself in the some of the beautiful, secluded and luxurious lodges, camp sites and resorts that dot the Outback.
New Orleans Summer Festivals Celebrate Jazz, Food And Running Of The Bulls NEW ORLEANS -- The entire basketball-loving world turned its eyes to New Orleans this past weekend as the city hosted the
Best Airlines According to the survey, the performance of leading U.S. carriers has improved for the fourth consecutive year, earning the
Travel Website Viator Now Offers Discounts On Cruise Shore Excursions Starting Monday, the site promises discounts of up to 60 percent for jungle hikes, winery visits, city tours, snorkeling
How NOT To Behave At A Hotel Here's how NOT to behave when you're staying at a hotel -- that's unless you want to test your luck.
Hitler-Built Vacation Resort To Become Luxury Hotel (PHOTOS) Check out photos of the Colossus of Prora below. Though Prora was built to accommodate 20,000 vacationing Nazis at any time
Explore America When we think Nevada, our minds often go to Las Vegas. But not everything happens in Vegas.
Who's Responsible For These Bad TSA Agents? (VIDEO) Like Alan Rickman in \Die Hard\ or Jack Nicholson in \A Few Good Men,\ the fine men and women of the TSA -- mostly the men, actually -- are really good at being bad.
Tulum With Kids Tulum had exactly what my my wife, my kids and I needed in a winter getaway from New York City
10 Reasons To Visit Berlin This Summer (PHOTOS) Berlin possesses an even stronger pull during the summer months when the sun shines late into the night and residents, giddy from surviving the dark chill of winter, give themselves many reasons to celebrate.
Tips For Visiting Myanmar Now (PHOTOS) If things continue to change as fast as they have been, it will be different to visit even six months from now, let alone years when -- predictably, hopefully -- the sanctions will have been lifted and U.S. and European investors will have discovered this culturally rich place.
America's 10 Sexiest New Restaurants (PHOTOS) Noho's favorite dive has been reimagined as a \New Nordic\ bistro, complete with a white-hot chef import
9 Sky High Hotels (PHOTOS) You'll feel dizzy just looking at these pictures.
Six Days In Hanoi, Vietnam (PHOTOS) The variety of places to see and visit, the comfortable weather, the great street food and the sense of tourism all make northern Vietnam an easy place to travel.
Searching For Redheads In Dublin (PHOTOS) I recall hearing that they don't actually celebrate St. Patrick's Day in Ireland. Not true!
Oyster's Half Dozen Now that beach season is around the corner, it's time to start busting our butts into bikini-approved shape.
Is The Cruise Buffet On Life Support? (PHOTOS) Cruise ship dining once conjured up images of gluttons bellying up to the buffet. Now gastronomy trumps gluttony
9 Reasons To Visit Baltimore This Spring (Or Anytime) If you haven't been around here lately, you're in for a surprise. From the superbly classic to the brand spanking new, here are a few good reasons to fly in this spring.
Thailand's Amazing Floating Movie Theater (PHOTOS) A German architect working in Beijing took his talents to Thailand recently to unveil a stunning floating movie theater off
9 Off The Beaten Path Museums In Brooklyn (PHOTOS) Think you've tapped all Brooklyn can offer a culture junkie? Think again.
Charles De Gaulle Airport Gets Efficiency And Friendliness Overhaul According to Skytrax, a consulting firm based in London that publishes one of the world\u2019s leading passenger surveys of airports
Awesome Hotel Amenities A look at some interesting hotel minibar items and in-room offerings you might not expect.
After-Theater Dining In London When visiting London, we almost always eat late
United We Fall So, how come everyone you talk to now refers to it as \United F#&*n Airlines?\ That's easy. Just pull back the first-class curtain and you will see the \friendly skies\ aren't so friendly after all.
Riding The \Coast Starlight\ From Los Angeles To Seattle Built in 1939, the station features classic architecture and is listed on the National Registry of Historical Places.
10 Family Friendly Destinations In Los Angeles With spring break in the very near horizon and summer months lurking not too far behind, we are thinking vacations and what families with kids should be doing.
Europe Travel Pair a stronger dollar with unsteady European economies -- as well as growing tourist markets and emerging destinations -- and the happy conclusion is affordable travel on the continent.
Top 10 North American Destinations For Summer Travel, According To Kayak (PHOTOS) Kayak says searches for flights to Los Angeles (itself an Olympic city in 1984) and Las Vegas are up 22 and 20 percent respectively
JetBlue Event Raises Question Of Unstable Approach To Hiring Is the process of hiring pilots sufficient to assure that they have the required mental stability for the job?
Airplane Freak-Outs; Passengers And Crew Have Mid-Air Meltdowns (VIDEOS) With this week's mid-air freakout by JetBlue Airways captain Clayton Osbon we can't help but think back on all the memorable
Harry Potter Film Set Opens To Tourists This Weekend At England's Leavesden Studios (PHOTOS) Harry Potter lives on ... at least in Hertfordshire, England. This isn't the first such attraction for Potterheads. Earlier
Herb Lester Maps Kate Auletta
Confessions Of An Airline Club Lounge Bartender We ask a couple airline club bartenders about their work in our continuing series interviewing airline industry employees.
Answering The Call Of Alaska (PHOTOS) A former mining outpost, Coldfoot earned its name when the last few residents upped and left after two savagely cold winters.
5 Hotels For Pick-Up Artists (PHOTOS) Are you traveling with the guys and looking for some female company?
Top Home Exchange Tips From The Founder Of HomeExchange.com If you're thinking of doing a home exchange, there's no better guy to get advice from than the founder of HomeExchange.com, Ed Kushins
The Best Beach Hotels With Culture (PHOTOS) There are times when you want more than just sand and surf.
A Bumper Crop Of Reasons To Visit Chile Here, with no particular relevance to how much I enjoyed each one, is a list of the things I did while not drinking wine in Chile.
JetBlue Captain Mayhem Caps A Busy Day In The Skies This story strikes me as terribly tragic and eerily reminiscent of what happened to a friend of mine, an experienced airline pilot.
US Airways Passenger Attacks Crew Member U.S. Airways flight 1697 was headed from Charlotte to Fort Myers when the woman reportedly got out of her seat and attacked
Queen Conch For more from Maria Rodale, go to www.mariasfarmcountrykitchen.com Look, you can go on a cruise or to a big resort and casino
Pardon My French The pebbly beach is scattered with the constant sunbathers and students, but the glassy indigo water seems to be untouched for the moment.
Life's A Ditch In North Kohala With a mining light perched on my head and life jacket strapped around my torso, it probably wasn't my best look, but both are required pieces of safety equipment when preparing to traverse a series of tunnels dug into the side of a mountain on the north end of the tropical Island of Hawaii.
7 Great Vintage Shopping Experiences Around The World (PHOTOS) If the thought of conquering a cluttered shop packed to the brim with lived-in luxuries is daunting, don't fret. We've sifted the racks for you and uncovered what to skip and what to grab.
Seder at Sea In the excitement of scheduling our 10-day Mediterranean cruise several months ago, we didn't even realize this would be our first Passover at sea -- away from terra firma, family and friends.
The Best Cities To Visit During The Springtime (PHOTOS) Most people associate springtime travel with crazy parties like spring break, but these five cities are perfect for visiting this season -- and will leave you without the boozy side effects.
Skiing Spring Powder In The Canadian Rockies There's only one solution for me
The Coolest New Disney Vacations (PHOTOS) New Disney rides and adventures will naturally charm kids, but some will resonate more deeply with grown-ups, who can better appreciate the sheer genius that goes into melding the latest technology with nostalgia.
10 Seafood Adventures Across The Globe (PHOTOS) Whether it's a dozen Fanny Bay oysters or a three-pound lobster, seafood lovers are particular about their own particular favorites and think nothing of going great distances to enjoy them.
Seven Sweet Spots For Spring Savings (PHOTOS) While some folks take their spring break in March or over Easter, we're here to tell you that the best deals in spring can actually be found in late April and early May, the weeks between Easter and Memorial Day.
Baboons Make Joy From A Puddle (PHOTOS) The so-called \green season\ in Africa is often considered a slow time in terms of wildlife, but we've always found that at it throws some surprising moments into the mix.
Portland Rothko Retrospective Brings Artist Home I'm here not to gawk at Hotel Lucia's art, though I certainly did, but for the rare opportunity to take in a Mark Rothko retrospective at the Portland Art Museum.
JetBlue Flight Diverted After Captain Reportedly Tries To Storm Cockpit (VIDEO) Likewise, CBS in Dallas reports that roughly two hours into the flight, a co-pilot left the cockpit to use the restroom. At
Lauren Scruggs, Model Who Walked Into Plane Propeller, Sues Over Incident According to Courthouse News, the suit claims
Sizing Up Sleep It doesn't matter if you stay in a cheap motel or at an uber-luxe hotel overlooking Central Park. If the mattress isn't comfortable, it can ruin your entire vacation.
What The Heck Is AMS? Sure you can avoid AMS completely by staying sea-level, but living in a fear bubble seams like a waste of space.
Meeting The New President Of The Explorers Club (VIDEO) \There are a lot of people who are interested in exploration and we want them to participate and we want to support them.\
Boston Logan TSA Workers Hospitalized Over Bag Odor Airport spokesman Phil Orlandella said a passenger identified the odor as rodent repellent, according to The New York Post
Virgin Atlantic's 'Upper Class Red' Lipstick Debuts (PHOTOS) Oh Virgin Atlantic. Just when we think you can't one-up yourself, you do it anyway. The airline, which boasts the hottest
Explore America Ohio wineries might be one of the state's best kept secrets, something worth exploring when visiting the Buckeye state.
Traveling With Kids Don't listen to people who say your children won't be able to appreciate the culture of the places you visit or remember what they've seen. What rubbish!
Rio De Janeiro And The \Waters of March\ This is the rainiest month in Rio and the waters that wash away the residue of Carnival also usher in the school year, a return to work and all of the things that September means for Americans.
Is Downtown Salt Lake City Finally Sexy? (PHOTOS) Before the 2002 Winter Olympic games, it was almost impossible to walk past a Main Street storefront that was not boarded-up. Today, thanks to City Creek and other Downtown Rising redevelopment initiatives, there are no boards in sight.
10 Colorful Spring Festivals Worth The Trip (PHOTOS) It's time for festivals that celebrate both flowers and the season in general.
Why Does Everyone Hate The TSA? (VIDEO) Before 9/11, American airport screeners had a reputation for being poorly-educated and incompetent, but otherwise harmless. Now they have a reputation for being poorly-educated and incompetent, but they wear badges and call themselves \officers\ and they aren't so harmless anymore.
A 'Unique' Retreat In Sao Paulo At first glance, the strange boat-shaped \melon-slice\ of Hotel Unique is unlike any other building you've ever seen before.
A Girls Guide to Bonefishing Ever since I read an article in Garden and Gun about a bonefishing trip that Yvon Chouinard and Tom Brokaw took, I was curious
Angkor Wat Earlier this month, India announced its $20 million plan to create a replica of Angkor Wat over the next 10 years. In 2010
Jetstar Hong Kong \Jetstar's vision is to make travel more affordable for millions of people across Asia, and the demographics of China with
Rick Steve's Road Trip Atlanta is clearly the Manhattan of the South. It's CNN slick, Coca-Cola fueled and funded and thriving. Still, I'm not awarding creativity points
National Park Views Not To Be Missed (PHOTOS) America's national parks offer some of the most gorgeous scenery in the country, from Yellowstone to Florida. Here are some of our favorite views.
10 Best American Cities For Cycling (PHOTOS) Pedaling through a major U.S. city is not just the province of daredevil bike messengers. With warmer weather and rising gas prices, there's never been a better time to hop on a bicycle.
Bunny Chow Is For People! When ordering bunny chow, say neither \bunny\ nor \chow.\ Just say the portion of loaf you want (whole, half or quarter) and type of filling, as in \a half lamb.\
The Arctic Each day of the journey brought unpredictable thrills and excitement. And it wasn't just the landscapes that floored me.
5 Great Affordable Beach Resorts (PHOTOS) Beach vacationing isn't rocket science. The three key ingredients are simple
Paris Breakfasts Sometimes, a good hotel (whether or not you're lodging there) touches all the right buttons. And sometimes, as we found on a March trip to Paris, a department store is just the ticket.
Finding The Bear Capital Of America (VIDEO) It turns out Grizzlies roamed these mountains more than a century ago. The black bears were actually introduced to the region in 1933 and can sometimes be seen lumbering through the neighborhoods foraging for food.
A Young Surfer Leaves NorCal, Wreaks Havoc In San Diego ittle did my mother realize the kind of mischief and debauchery I would get into with my cousin, who was a deviant deceiving my family into thinking he was a good little boy.
Rick Steve's Road Trip My favorite stop was Layla's Bluegrass Hillbilly and Country Inn. The wooden floor was shaking with fun and I knew this was the spot for my next beer.
Royal Caribbean Debuts New Cupcake Cookbook (PHOTOS) Here's a look at just a few of the confections in the book. The $35 book, which also comes with an apron, piping bag and
The Surreal Landscapes Of Salar De Uyuni, Bolivia (PHOTOS) In these doppelganger skyscapes, we seemed to fly among dark brooding shapes formed by far-off mountains and their reflections, skim over the tops of cloud ranges and plow into textured heavens.
5 Excellent Yoga Retreats (PHOTOS) When it comes time to roll up your sticky mat and dash off to an exotic locale, there are plenty of options.
Real Madrid To Open Resort In United Arab Emirates The island resort, expected to cost $1 billion, will feature the world's first stadium to open out into the sea, according
7 Exciting Ways To Do Nothing In Madrid (PHOTOS) Spaniards draw out lazy Sunday afternoons by hopping from one bar to the next, downing ca\u00f1as and\u00a0tapas.
A First Look At Grattan Seamount (VIDEO) Back on board, I worked to research what I had seen. It soon became apparent that the images I had just shot were the first ever taken of Grattan Seamount.
Do Your Eyes Light Up? When was the last time you felt really uncomfortable? I mean crawl out of your skin, get me out of this moment uncomfortable?
Turkish Airlines Unveils Clever New Livery (VIDEO) The carrier, hoping to thank its crews for years and years of service, has plastered more than 17,000 photos of its employees
Carnival In Barranquilla, Colombia (PHOTOS) I laughed, I got caught up in the action and I forgot about my fears. That's the magic of Carnival.
Don't Look Down These nine hotels, from a cliff-side sanctuary to an uber-luxe mountaintop retreat, will test travelers who are even a little scared of heights.
Chilling on a Hot Vacation I am in one of the most exciting cities in the world and where am I in this scheme of things? Stuck in my hotel room.
'The Bachelor' Top Hotel Deals These one-of-a-kind hotels have shown the world that when it comes to spending a night in a hotel with the one you love, anything is possible.
Postcard From Hadrian's Villa (PHOTOS) Like many ancient sites in and around Rome, Villa Adriana is a hidden oasis of villas, theatres, domes, fountains, ponds and statuary, lost in the surrounding city of Tivoli, thanks to urban construction and confused street signage.
My Sister Jan Steves Versus The Iditarod! This morning the weather is calm and sunny, though 16 degrees below zero. I'm so relieved, as I imagine my sister is.
Space Tourism Expected To Be $1 Billion Industry Over Next 10 Years, Says FAA There is a handful of companies planning to offer sub-orbital private space flights, most notably Sir Richard Branson's Virgin
Touring The Caribbean's Best Highways (PHOTOS) Sometimes Puerto Rico feels like a Caribbean island, other times more like America's 51st state.
Top 5 Night Skiing Spots If we've missed one of your favorites, please share! Brighton, UT
Chowin' Down In Chattanooga If a hearty breakfast or brunch is what you're in search of, The Bluegrass Grill might be your choice.
Japan's Local Summer Festivals (PHOTOS) Matsuri are local festivals that are central to the culture of Japan -- and are open to visitors.
Crowds Drive You Crazy? 8 Wide-Open Stretches That'll Have You Road Tripping (PHOTOS) Here are eight amazing shorter road trips that showcase some of the best scenery and wide-open spaces that America has to offer.
Kidtastic Family Adventures (PHOTOS) What is a Kidtastic Family Adventure? It's a holiday that goes far beyond the beach and instead features personalized once-in-a-lifetime activities
Water Parks In Kansas Three Thrilling Attractions Schlitterbahn has three signature attractions
6 Unique Small-Ship Cruises (PHOTOS) Small ship cruises aren't always cheap, but their prices are often comparable with big ship cruises and can offer more bang for your buck.
Foreign Tourists To U.S. Hit Record In 2011, Commerce Department Says Canada was by far the No. 1 source for foreign visitors at 21 million, followed by Mexico at 13.4 million. Britain was in
Amsterdam By Bike If ever a city were made for cycling, Amsterdam -- with its miles of safe bike lanes on flat, canal-skirting roads -- is it.
Soweto By Bike (PHOTOS) You can still see the dilapidated metal shacks that blight huge areas; they sit near elegant new homes, some worth millions.
Tingo, New Hotel Booking Site, Promises Users Hotel Refunds A new booking site from TripAdvisor launches Wednesday, promising users an instant refund of the price difference if the
Spring Break Spots For The Modern Man (PHOTOS) Luckily, there are plenty of places for the mature, modern man to take a spring break of his own without feeling like a seventh-year senior.
Afternoon Tea At The Burj Al Arab (PHOTOS) We begin with champagne and a cup of tea chosen from an extensive list that spans a few pages of the menu.
Did The TSA Just Make Air Travel A Little Bit More Dangerous? Maybe instead of a foolish process of elimination, which still leaves a small but not insignificant risk, the government should reverse its approach. Instead of thinking of air travelers as guilty of terrorism until proven innocent, why not think of us as innocent until proven guilty?
Bermuda's Elbow Beach Last week, I spent four blissful days at Elbow Beach Resort & Spa on the South Shore of Bermuda.
The Best Way To See A Historic Theater If you want to get a good sense of a historic theater at work, you ought to see a performance rather than signing up for the half-hour tour.
The Stunning Himalayan View From Nagarkot, Nepal (PHOTOS) For those who love sunrises, check out some of the prettiest ones around the world here. The village, which sits at 7,200
The Spa Who Loved Me The big draw here is \The Cure.\
Reassessing Airline Loyalty For International Frequent Flyers If just one airline alliance program offered the same complimentary space-available upgrade scheme on international flights as they all do on their domestic routes, I guarantee you that every international business traveler with $100,000 or more to spend on travel each year would switch their loyalty to that airline and its alliance partners in a heartbeat.
A Spring Break Trip To Washington D.C. D.C. offers cool mini adventures for families of all age groups -- from toddler to grandparents -- and many of the attractions are located within walking or subway distance in this very navigatable city.
Rick Steves' Road Trip had never been in a dry county before. The human craving for alcohol creates interesting challenges here.
Disney Parks Might Soon Add Marvel Characters Some Marvel merchandise has been available at Disneyland. As for where the Marvel characters will be worked in, there is
Ioana Hociota, Grand Canyon Bride, Dies In 300-Foot Fall PHOTOS OF IOANA HOCIOTA
Singapore Plans Futuristic New Cruise Terminal (PHOTOS) Located near the Marina Bay Sands resort, the new terminal is between downtown Singapore and the resort island of Sentosa
CasaHop, Web's Newest Social Home Exchange, Launches Tuesday (UPDATE) Unlike competitor HomeAway, CasaHop doesn't charge listers to post their rentals. Instead, potential travelers will use sites
Airplane Engine Hole Causes Passengers to Abandon Plane The Moscow to Krasnoyarsk, Russia flight was prepping for takeoff Monday when a passenger spotted what appeared to be a hole
Ryanair Charges 10 Pounds For Emergency Row Seats, Gets Investigated No stranger to fees, Ryanair has incited ire in the past over a \u00a340 boarding pass fee. And, in 2010 Ryanair had plans to
London Travel Tips For The Queen's Diamond Jubilee Celebrations There are many of us not on the royal guest list who'll also want behold the spectacle of this monumental occasion firsthand. Here's how.
A Luxury Villa Hotel In Florence Ojetti, a loft suite with a skylight, boasts a glass-floored living room and a winding stone staircase that leads to a fabulous Florence-facing outdoor deck.
Visiting Manitoba's Adorable, Terrifying Polar Bears (PHOTOS) Cameras click as twenty feet from our polar rover, two yellowish polar bears stand on their hind legs, swatting each others shoulders and heads. Tough boxers.
Rick Steves' Road Trip The building is really as sumptuous and filled with symbolism as the great palaces I'm accustomed to seeing in Europe. But this is from the 20th centur, and all about food and Iowa.
The Most Beautiful Hotel Restaurant In Europe (VIDEO) The hotel is great if you are a single, with a group of friends or half of a couple looking to party, but perhaps not ideal for a family. Just a word of caution.
Saving Wildlife On A Headhunter's Pacific Island (VIDEO) A little up the beach some hunters are roasting wild boar. The coastline spills out into waves and I can't decide if it looks more like Avatar or Jurassic Park.
Northern India's Golden Triangle Awakened by the haunting first call to Muslim prayer at 4:30 a.m., we rode elephants up steep hills to Amber Fort, a massive citadel for Hindu rulers.
Silversea Cruise Crash Photo
Legoland Hotel Opens In Windsor, England (PHOTOS) The newest Legoland hotel opened over the weekend in Windsor, England. The 150-room hotel features 1,600 models made from
TSA Pats Down 3-Year-Old In Leg Cast And Wheelchair (VIDEO) After an uproar last summer over the TSA's techniques with children, Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano announced
OTP's Free Travel No need to sell your entire ABBA vinyl collection in order to have a quality good time in Stockholm.
Adrenaline-Pumping Activities In Queenstown, New Zealand Thrill seekers gravitate to this bungee capital for the maximum adrenaline rush.
Sydney Harbour Bridge Celebrates Its 80th Birthday (PHOTOS) Happy birthday to the Sydney Harbour Bridge! The structure known as The Coathanger turns the big 8-0 March 19. When the bridge
Playing Pick-Up Soccer Games Around The World (VIDEO) You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation.
Exploring Lost Worlds (PHOTOS) Recalling the vivid and exotic images Doyle painted of South America has got us thinking about the places in today's world that still hark back to an age of strange, unexplored lands.
Helpful Mexican Hangover Cures Way more than a quick fix, these local colors will make the morning after a toast to doing it all over again.
Throttle To Bottle At A Chilean Winery Whether you're flying or not, the 18-year-old, 2000-foot airfield -- on a parallel path with grape laden vines and framed by boughs of blooming wisteria -- is 100 percent in keeping with the romance of aviation.
St. Patrick's Day Parades and festivities are scheduled all over Ireland, though the parade through Downtown Dublin on March 17 is regarded as the best and biggest with 4,000 performers and a crowd of 500,000 expected.
Nebraska's Annual Sandhill Crane Migration You don't have to fly to another continent to see an epic migration in progress. There is one place in America that hosts what might be one of the last great wildlife migrations we can still witness.
5 Irish Pubs For Celebrating St. Patrick's Day (PHOTOS) We're pretty excited about all the beef stew and Bailey's we plan on imbibing this weekend.
Rick Steves' Road Trip Between Kansas City and Omaha, we took the back roads.
So What Do College Students Do On Alternative Spring Break? (PHOTOS) The host of young people I met during Alternative Spring Break is evidence enough to believe that this upcoming generation will make our world a better place.
Postcards From Iran From the stone-carved grandeur of ancient Persia to the dizzying bits of tile work and mirrored glass that define Islamic architecture, Iran's history is deep and visual. And if UNESCO World Heritage sites are your thing, Iran boasts over a dozen of them.
Flying Towards Prison With Rod Blagojevich (PHOTOS) The ex-governor interrupted his cross-country perp walk to pose with anyone who wanted a photo. Most Chicagoans fondly wished him well and he smiled warmly and thanked them.
Rambles In Western Ireland (PHOTOS) I opted for a pony cart for the seven miles through the rugged Gap of Dunloe, carved by ancient glaciers. Fields, waterfalls, stony glacial moraine --I heard my echo from the cliffs.
'Riding The Dog' Why would you ride on Greyhound instead of driving -- or grabbing a train or plane?
Drunk Passenger Forces Thomson Airways Emergency Landing To further the inconvenience, the passengers got an overnight layover in Halifax because of issues with the pilot's flying
Burma's Big Moment Just over a decade ago Lonely Planet was being accused of supporting Burma's corrupt military regime for publishing a guidebook to the country. Boy, have times changed.
5 Things to Do in Miraflores, Peru When getting to know the capital city of Peru, head straight to the neighborhood of Miraflores for a scenic introduction to Lima's charms.
For The Love Of Spain I can honestly say that I not only need Spain, I love Spain!
5 Amazing Adults-Only Retreats (PHOTOS) Some hotels aren't interested in catering to the baby-toting crowd and we're totally alright with that.
St. Patrick's Day \We are absolutely delighted that so many well-known sites and attractions are eager to come on board with us and join in
3-Year-Old Thrown From Houston Amusement Park Ride (VIDEO) WATCH
The Making Of 'No Reservations' (VIDEO) A new web-video series shows the behind-the-scenes making of Anthony Bourdain's \No Reservations,\ giving a unique look at
Peru's Takanakuy Festival Is A Unique Christmas Tradition (VIDEO) Joining the locals for swigs of beer in the street, dressing up in local costume and having fireworks thrown into his hotel
5 Things To Love About Montreal Tourist destinations are not created equal. If you're a liberal like me, you'll appreciate these top five reasons to add Montreal to your bucket list.
10 Simple Ways To Save Money In Paris Although Paris is the world's most visited city and its very name is synonymous with luxury, it's not necessarily expensive to visit.
PHOTOS As part of Prince Henry's recent tour of Jamaica to mark Her Majesty the Queen's Diamond Jubilee, His Royal Highness stayed at the Royal Family's favorite resort.
World's Coolest Staircases (PHOTOS) While staircases are fundamentally a means to get from one point to another, they become cool -- and worth seeking out -- when the form is made at least as important as the function.
The Country's Most Expensive Hotel Rooms (PHOTOS) New York may be the city that never sleeps -- because guests are fretting over the country's most expensive hotel rooms. Hotel
Eating, Drinking And Playing In San Francisco (PHOTOS) If you haven't had enough fresh air, it's contagious in this city. Ferry over to Angel Island and take in the city views.
Celebrating St. Paddy's Day Close To Home (PHOTOS) If a trip to Ireland is not on the agenda this year, it's still possible to get a taste of the Emerald Isle here in the States.
24 Consecutive Hours In Disneyland (PHOTOS) To most average Disney guests, these 24-hour days might not have much appeal. To someone who spends weeks in the theme parks each year, the promotion had much more allure, as it was closest equivalent to stepping into one of the popular Kingdom Keepers books.
Disney World In Instagram (PHOTOS) I have just returned from 3 days at DisneyWorld. I'm a tad sunburnt, a bit exhausted and have sore legs. But I'm also exhilarated.
Seeking Out The Trashiest Spring Break Spots (PHOTOS) Things can get really raunch
Irish Skies Are Smiling Whatever the weather -- fair or foul -- one is warmed just basking in the hospitality, friendliness and good cheer that is a trademark of the Irish.
The Destruction Of Phnom Penh's Lake District All that remains of this once vibrant area is a bunch of torn down buildings, empty lots and shacks.
A New York Restaurant Crawl So many amazing restaurants, so little time.
Rick Steves' Road Trip I love the way the big cities of the Great Plains, from Edmonton and Calgary in the north to Oklahoma City here in the south, erupt with shiny skyscrapers out of the flatlands.
Where To Find The World's Most Significant Hotel Discounts (PHOTOS) \The Arab Spring protests and war in Libya hit prices across the Middle East and North Africa with rates falling in Egypt
Cheapest Ski Destinations Ranked By Pricerunner (PHOTOS) We've taken a look at the best budget ski destinations before. Then, there are the best ski and snowboard resorts, the best
XXXX Island It seems that niche travel is all the rage these days. Women-only hotel floors are a growing trend, and a fantasy resort
Ask Airfarewatchdog.com Expert answers to your airline and airfare questions, from finding cheap fares to traveling with pets.
9 Interesting Hot Dog Variations Around The World (PHOTOS) Taking the blank sausage and bun as a starting point, numerous nations have adopted the hot dog into their cuisine and reinterpreted the American favorite to fit their cultural eating habits.
Tablet's Top 10 Hotels For Detoxing (PHOTOS) Whether you're atoning for some winter overindulgence or just trying to find your inner zen, here are 10 handpicked Tablet hotels for a bit of clean living.
The Hunger Games Take Over North Carolina The state of North Carolina is hoping that The Hunger Games will show the world its diverse beauty. They're making sure the odds are forever in their favor.
Learning How To Travel On A Trip To Bali Adrift in my own sea of uncertainty, I joined my family on a journey to a land known for its beaches and beauty.
March Madness-Inspired Basketball Trips Around The World (PHOTOS) March Madness has arrived and as basketball fans turn their attention to the Final Four, travelers begin their annual search
Karl Behr And Richard Norris Williams, Titanic Survivors, Have Little Known Story Of Survival And Triumph The two men were brought together as part of the 1925-26 Davis Cup Championship teams. Williams was inducted into the International
Missing The Boat On First Class Airline Food Why is it that airlines think all rich people eat caviar and foie gras and lobster and filet mignon for every meal?
Oyster's Guide to the ULTRA Music Festival (PHOTOS) Electronic music fans from around the world will be flocking to Bayfront Park for DJ sets at the ULTRA Music Festival.
Searching For Costa Rica's Theme Song (PHOTOS) I have \Left My Heart in San Francisco,\ had another \Beer in Mexico\ and discovered the \Coast of Marseilles.\ So as I sit on this most perfect palm-lined beach in Costa Rica, with scarlet macaws flying overhead and the surf crashing upon dried coconuts long since fallen, I am searching my iPod in the hopes of capturing it with a song.
Durango's Old-Fashioned Charm With the town's long history of tourism, you'd think the 200-plus stores along Main Avenue would look, well, kind of touristy. They don't.
Exploring India In New York At Haandi Restaurant on Lexington and Twenty-Eighth Street, cab drivers from India and Pakistan enjoy meals and sometimes pray together.
Why The \Kony 2012\ Campaign Should Make Travelers Uncomfortable The children of Northern Uganda deserve your concern, energy and money. Travelers know that context is everything.
Pardon My French As he is setting off to cover conflicts in the Middle East, I am packing my bags to return to Nice just in time for the warmth of spring.
Enjoying Sydney's Delights Whether heading to Manly or the Zoo or Watson Bay, which offers a view of where the ocean meets the bay, it's a nice way to get out of the city without getting out of the city.
Inside Bhutan, A Place Few Tourists Ever See (PHOTOS) In 2010, fewer than 29,000 tourists made it into the country. A government-mandated \tariff,\ or amount visitors are required
Insider Tips On Austin For SXSW Attendees (PHOTOS) While your friends might be standing in line for a subpar breakfast taco, we'll be steering you to early morning BBQ, an animatronic Lyndon Johnson, a 13,000 square foot BYOB pinball arcade and more.
Baby Cheetah Cub Is The Cutest Airplane Passenger (PHOTO) Last week it was penguins on a plane, now it's cheetahs. There really are no words to describe this cuteness. This little
The History Of Spring Break Spring break conjures up images of bikinis and booze on the beach, but the tradition actually goes back 2,000 years to the
Miami Catholics Arrange Flights To Cuba For Pope's Visit The Catholic Archdiocese of Miami has arranged extra flights to Cuba through the U.S. travel agency Airline Brokers so that
An Organic Coffee Plantation With A Secret Ingredient (PHOTOS) We arrive at Finca Rosa Blanca in a drenching storm and although we're here for a few days, I'm desperate to lay eyes and boots on the plantation.
Valencia Lights Up for Las Fallas Festival (PHOTOS) Every year at this time, Valencia turns up the heat for Las Fallas, a 10-day celebration that mixes Pagan ritual involving fire with Catholic pomp and circumstance.
Oddballs Of The African Bush We came across this elephant cow near the Mara river with a bizarrely twisted tusk.
New York City Birthday Adventure On Fifth Avenue, a toy soldier calls out, \McElroy family? Come on in and let me show you around!\
Are We Spending Too Much On The TSA? (VIDEO) When the agency charged with protecting America's transportation systems unplugs the last scanner and wheels it out of the airport terminal, TSA will have to answer to the American taxpayers about its latest failure.
The World's Most Stunning Castles (PHOTOS) Take a trip around the globe to see some of the world's most beautiful, real life castles. From Slovakia to Thailand, these
Bomb Threat Diverts Chicago-Bound JetBlue Flight To Buffalo Other such calls have proved to be simple hoaxes. In September 2011, a New York woman called in a fake bomb threat because
The Very Best Weird Activities To Do In Austin During SXSW If you've been to SXSW more than once, you've probably done a lot of stalwart Austin things, like left a Waterloo Records
Two Weeks In Japan (PHOTOS) The country is an incredibly beautiful, inspiring place. I was struck by the kindness and patience I was greeted with everywhere I went, despite my inability to speak the language and also with the resilience of the Japanese people in light of all the disasters they have faced in recent years.
After The Tohoku Earthquake On March 11 of last year, just minutes after the earthquake, I woke to the sound of my phone. It was a message from one of my favorite former students in Japan.
A Year After The Tsunami, Tourists Predicted To Return To Japan Kameyama says that the message his agency is looking to send to the traveling public is simple
Landing In Tokyo On The Heels Of The 2011 Earthquake (PHOTOS) On March 11, 2011, I was booked on a direct flight from Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport to Narita International Airport halfway across the world in Japan.
Japan's Toughness In The Face Of Disaster Seeing the Japanese care for each other and refuse to fall into despair always leaves me with hope for their culture and country.
100 Miles From Fukushima (PHOTOS) When we receive the announcement that we're about to arrive at Fukushima station, I momentarily panic.
'Twist and Shout' Brazilian Style (PHOTOS) Fernandes is standing by a window overlooking Lapa, one of Rio's most popular nightlife spots. Below, on something that appears to be a battlefield after a whole day of Carnival festivities, homeless men pick up beer cans.
Air Travel Pundit Confession Whoever you are, there's a ship or a line that will float your boat.
Ski Colleges Above And Below the Radar Here's a handful of additional schools ideal for skiers, snowboarders, mountaineers and winter outdoor enthusiasts attempting to spend a lot of time on the slopes.
The Impact Of International Volunteering On The Retired Population All too often in our culture, seniors feel left\u00a0behind in the always technologically advancing society that is the U.S. today. Yet, there is a world of cultures that consider seniors wise and valued because of their life experiences.
Little Black Book Some of my French friends turn up their noses, but I order the same thing every time
5 Great, Affordable Beaches In Latin America (PHOTOS) You can find all the things that make the Caribbean great without the high prices or enormous crowds.
Your Cracked Skull Is Someone Else's Brilliant Idea At first glance it might not seem that President Obama and kid-rocker Justin Bieber have much in common. But both men had just a tad too much altitude going through the doorway of aircraft and -- boom! -- the celebrity noggins got a good crack while the paparazzi snapped photos.
The Legalization Of Street Art In Rio de Janeiro, Brazil (PHOTOS) Rio de Janeiro has been particularly progressive in its policy towards street art -- with beautiful results to show for its efforts.
Driving Chile's Famed Highway, The Carretera Austral (PHOTOS) One the most incredible and awe-inspiring sections of Chile is the stretch of Patagonia linked together by Route 7, better known as the Carretera Austral.
The Country's Top 10 Value Destinations (PHOTOS) Have a look at the rest of the discount destinations then tell us
My Hike Across America A week or so ago the dogs and I slept near a lake deep in the still woods of the Hudson Highlands.
Rick Steves' Roadtrip Grand Junction is a springboard for good country living
American Airlines Flight Attendant Rants About Plane Crash, Grounds Flight According to a report by The Dallas Morning News
'Love Boat' To Be Demolished, Cruise Ship Will Be Sold For Scrap \Love Boat\ fans around the world are shedding a tear of sorrow as the famed former cruise ship Pacific Princess from the
The Moment I Knew (SUBMIT YOUR VIDEO) At HuffPost, we're kicking off an exciting new project and we'd love you to participate! It's called \The Moment I Knew,\ and
Rendezvous With My Conscience In Peru Of all the moments that blurred together from that beautiful whirlwind of a trip, I remember the sounds of jaguars howling in the Amazonian jungle, biting into a hunk of rotisserie guinea pig and racing to the peak of a mountain.
The 9 Best Cities For Street Art Spotting (PHOTOS) Sometimes massive murals cover entire buildings and artists use their medium to create beauty in an otherwise gritty landscape.
Go Green Looking for signs of spring? No need to strain those eyeballs -- at these 10 incredible indoor green spaces, there's always plenty of colorful flora to go around.
French Immersion In Terre-de-Haut, Guadaloupe \You must sail to Terre-de-Haut, it's a mini St. Barts, but not many people know about it,\ the Belgian tells us.
New York City's Biggest Stud New York's famous Red-Tailed Hawk is a bit of a player.
Rick Steve's Roadtrip e twin ranges, reaching out to surround the Utah State Capitol and an ensemble of stately church buildings, remind me of a vast geological answer to the Bernini colonnades.
The Travel Detective The Obama administration has relaxed the visa waiver program, so when are they going to work with Customs and Border Protection to staff our airports in a proper way?
A Rock And Roll Tour Of Los Angeles (PHOTOS) I got hooked on Cali pop hard and early, like any kid coming of radio age in the 1970's, when the gooey-sweet harmonies of the Eagles and Fleetwood Mac were stuck like syrup on the dial.
World's Best Beaches, As Picked By TripAdvisor (PHOTOS) The list -- culled together by millions of readers' reviews -- reads as a veritable who's who (or what's where) of beaches
Stephen Chalmers' 'Dump Sites' Serves As Art & Tourist Attraction (PHOTOS) Many of the most notorious serial murderers are either from Washington State or were active here, including the nation\u2019s
Why Do Hotels Ask How Many People Will Stay in a Room? So that no one ends up sleeping on the floor. (Really, a bed would be more comfortable.) How many warm bodies there are in
A Pizza Tour Of Brooklyn Comes To Travel Channel (VIDEO, PHOTOS) A Travel Channel special airing Wednesday night takes a closer look at Brooklyn, and in particular, two of its most beloved
Airplane Art Quiz An airplane's paint job, or its livery, is like a calling card for an airline. They're noticeable practically every day -- at
Travel Questions And Answers Is it true that spitting in public is acceptable in China?
How To Miss Your Flight A wave of dread washed over me as I scrambled to get dressed, screamed at my friend to call a cab and then prepared myself mentally for an upcoming epic failure.
Top Tips For Finding A Cheap Hotel During The London Olympics These eight tips will make your London hotel shopping much easier -- and your experience at the games that much better.
12 Hotels With Overwater Bungalows (PHOTOS) From Bora Bora and Fiji to the Maldives, these overwater bungalows seem to float in the sea.
10 Volunteer Vacations For Generous Adventurers (PHOTOS) From helping rebuild earthquake-damaged communities to working on Meerkat-conservation efforts, volunteer vacation opportunities abound.
10 Great Ocean Views Around The World (PHOTOS) Regardless of your budget, location or taste, we've found the perfect room with a view.
Rick Steves' Roadtrip In the men's room, a religious flier, propped on the sink as if waiting for me, asks the important question
In Jerusalem, Sounds Of Music Ring Forth When you think of Jerusalem, opera is probably not the first thing that comes to mind. Yet the connection is not as far-fetched as it seems.
Huntsville, Alabama's Healthy And Vegan Hot Spots Huntsville is a nice community filled with a ton of aerospace brainiacs, rich history and some great healthy food options.
National Historic Landmarks Ken Salazar, the Secretary of the Interior, announced the designation on Tuesday of 13 new historic landmarks in 9 different
Transparency Rules Irk Spirit Airlines By Exposing Hidden Fees Spirit was also mightily irked by the new D.O.T. rule requiring airlines to reveal all mandatory taxes and fees in advertised fares as well as earlier in the online search process.
Federal Transparency Rules Are Bad For Travelers At Spirit, sometimes government taxes are more than the fare itself. Studies show hiding taxes make it easy for government to raise taxes further.
Airlines Impose Weight Limits For Carry-On Bags Before you jump to the conclusion that airlines are merely trying to force you to check your bag and collect a checked bag fee, consider
10 Best Views Of The San Francisco Skyline (PHOTOS) From an island hike to a cantilevered caf\u00e9, these 10 spots around the San Francisco Bay all offer a little adventure and a lot of skyline.
Milan In 50 Seconds Last month, I abandoned Rome for Italy's fashion capital and, in less than forty eight hours, I was ready to move in.
Late-Season Ski Deals (PHOTOS) March and early April often offer up some stellar late-season ski deals at popular resorts, especially in light of recent snows in northern Utah and across Colorado.
How To Ride A Motorbike Across Southeast Asia (PHOTOS) You're stuck on the Banana Pancake Trail. It's time to get off...
Rick Steves' Road Trip I'm kicking this 20-day, 20-city tour off with a stop in probably the most conservative corner of my state
48 Hours On The Riviera Maya You'll start your weekend with sun salutations on the beach before diving cenotes, climbing ruins and toasting the sunset with a salty margarita.
Great Debates Welcome to a new Huffington Post platform called \u201cGreat Debates.\u201d In this new forum, we will pit two bloggers against each
Seto Singing And The Joy Of Estonia's Community Swings (PHOTOS) A time-honored gathering spot for Estonians is the community swing. I saw these structures all over the country in my travels, huge wooden platforms that can accommodate a crowd.
Funny Money While consumers are dutifully stacking miles and points, the airlines may be counting on those \rewards\ going bad before customers can cash in.
'The Deer Hunter' And 'Reckless' Today, Hollywood is alive again in the cities and valleys of Western PA and its surrounding areas.
Rocks On A Roll, As Seen In March's National Geographic Magazine (PHOTOS) The following is an excerpt from the March issue of National Geographic magazine
Disney Dining Food is a pretty big deal on a cruise ship. Whether the ship's at sea, or you're just not interested in going ashore, onboard restaurants are the only options. So, they'd better be good. Of course, never one to be outdone, Disney has gone after dining-at-sea with gusto.
Gothic Mexico These stands were decorated with real or paper marigolds, photos, favorite foods and belongings. Each had at least one sugar skull, with the name of the dead written on its forehead.
A Family Ski Weekend, Even Without The Snow The trip was a bit of a last minute plan -- spring had arrived early in the Philadelphia area, and it felt like we all had a bit of spring fever. Our biggest fear? That it would get so warm that we'd never get a chance to hit the slopes
Does The TSA Have A Breast Fixation? Amy Strand's little breast pump problem is just the latest in a long line of gaffes by the men and women of the TSA. But mostly, the men.
Enjoying Washington During The Cherry Blossom Festival f you haven't had sensory overload, start your day with a bloody mary or mimosa at Perry's, where the waitstaff is donned in drag.
Inside Shady Dell, Arizona's Colorful Trailer Park Hotel (PHOTOS) The old fixtures sparkled as it probably did before it was purchased and was show room tight.
The 10 Best City Views Around The World (PHOTOS) Who doesn't like to wake up in the morning and find the Eiffel Tower outside their window or open the drapes at night and see the Chicago River glittering with the reflections of skyscraper lights?
Denver Is A Museum (VIDEO) I invite you to stroll along with me and explore Denver's beautiful downtown area.
Tsunami, Destruction And Creation An overwhelmingly coastal population living in an earthquake-prone region also understands that regardless of the plans one makes, circumstances can intervene and sweep them away.
Coffee Fans Vote The Country's Best Brew Shops (PHOTOS) So much for the home of Starbucks. A new Facebook survey has declared the best coffee shops across the country, revealing
Australia's Alternative Icons (PHOTOS) We all think we know Australia pretty well
Nordic Skiing Washington's Methow Valley (PHOTOS) Just another afternoon on my solo four-day lodge-to-lodge cross country ski trek in Washington's Methow Valley, almost four hours from Seattle but a world's away.
TSA Agents Find Bottle In Bag, Miss Antique Knife At JFK Airport It took TSA agents 10 minutes yesterday to call cops after a Manhattan woman walked past JFK Airport scanners with a dagger
Mexico No two people go on the same vacation. Depending on who you're speaking to, a trip to Mexico can be a relaxing beach getaway
Riding An Amtrak Train Cross-Country There I was, in the middle of the Rocky Mountains, looking down at the Colorado River. Animal tracks in the snow made a dotted
Antigua, An Idyllic Island With A Small Hometown Feel (PHOTOS) Antigua is distinguished from the other Caribbean islands by its vast unblemished landscapes, its friendliness and a variety of secluded, all-inclusive resorts that each have their own appeal.
A Viennese Ball For Good Each year the Life Ball begins with an extravagant opening ceremony in the main square of Vienna City Hall, which can accommodate 45,000 people.
Ricki Lake On Impractical Baggage And Camping Gone Bad \We came back from dinner and entire hotel room was infested with ants. They were in my toothbrush and it was absolutely disgusting.\
Experiencing The Spirit Of Carnival (PHOTOS) In Rio, wings made of brightly-colored feathers glittered on the backs of women wearing little more than jeweled bikinis.
Splashy Spring Break Hotels (PHOTOS) A bunch of new hotels have opened in sunny U.S. cities, just in time for spring break escapes.
Discovering Seal Sounds In The Antarctic (VIDEO) When a big, fast-moving shadow whipped by me about 50 feet down the rocky slope of Booth Island, it brought me up short right away.
Tipping In Libya, The US And Elsewhere I once left a tip in Australia and was chased down the street by the waitress who thought I had left money behind on the table by mistake.
'Riding The Dog' Why would you ride on Greyhound instead of driving -- or grabbing a train or plane?
How To Visit Spring Training In Florida And Arizona (PHOTOS) Of course, a trip to Spring Training doesn't have to be all about baseball. In Florida, beaches, golf and Orlando-area theme
Brawl Breaks Out On British Airways Flight, Colin Firth Unharmed \Passengers were in meltdown when it spiralled out of control. It was scary for fliers who feared for the safety of the flight
Disney Fantasy Christening And yet the Disney CEO acknowledged that the economy could be an issue for getting passengers on-board the billion-dollar
Why Pittsburgh Is A Hidden Travel Gem There's no place quite like Pittsburgh, an implausible and affable place of distinct and likeable neighborhoods, littered across a series of steep Southwestern Pennsylvania hills and secluded hollows, perched on cliffs and huddled down by its famed three rivers.
Celebrating St. David And Daffodil's In Wales (PHOTOS) The two opposing uniforms were so similar that St. David commanded his soldiers to wear a leek on their helmets. Since then, the leek has been a symbol of Wales.
Vermont's Most Relaxing Inn? My room, the North Loft, in the barn building was larger than most New York apartments and had everything I needed and nothing I didn't.
10 Hotels Where You Can Get Naked (PHOTOS) Because sometimes you need a vacation from your clothes.
Travel Clothes That Feel Like Pajamas (PHOTOS) Clothes that are chic yet comfy enough to wear on a long-haul flight? That combination has at last been mastered.
OTP's Guide To Getting Tattoos Around The World Types of Tats When you walk into a tattoo studio, chances are there will be a display of random butterfly drawings, zodiac
Baggage Delayed? You're Entitled To More Than A Toothbrush And Pocket Change It happens to hundreds of airline passengers every day. They arrive at a destination far from home, but their bags don't.
Looking For Lincoln In Springfield, Illinois (PHOTOS) The stories surrounding Abraham Lincoln makes him one of America's great heroes. A trip to Springfield, Illinois, where he spent 25 years as a citizen, lawyer and state representative prior to his presidency gives visitors a look at his humanity.
Checking In With Tablet This week, we trail Christiane Lemieux, the globe-trotting founder of the home furnishings and decor line, DwellStudio, as she takes us south to Be Playa in Mexico's Playa del Carmen.
10 Things To Do In Zurich On A Backpacker's Budget Famous for its super secret Swiss banks and having the world's best quality of life, Zurich's beautiful nature, polished culture and utopian transportation comes with a huge price tag. Don't skip off to somewhere cheaper just yet.
Leap Year Travelers can still wring a little wisdom out of that old chestnut, \Look before you leap.\ The author of that now cliche
Restaurant El Diablo Cooks Food With Heat From Volcano (VIDEO) Patrons can choose from a variety of meat and fish dishes barbecued on a grill heated to between 450 to 500 degrees Celsius
United Airlines Set To Move To Single Booking System Hand said the company chose the Continental platform over United partly because it offered more flexibility to users making
The Iditarod Over the last several winters, my sister has glided through the Alaskan wilds in subzero weather, running her beloved dog team down trails lit only by the moon.
Leap Year Guests at Disney's Animal Kingdom will also be marking leap day with special frog-themed activities. In California, guests
Potentially Deadly Luxury Destinations (PHOTOS) Check out our favorite ways to get a rush.
Joerg Daiber's Myanmar In Tilt-Shift (VIDEO) Fancy yourself a fan of Daiber's miniatures? Check out the rest of his films over on his YouTube page. Curious to get a glimpse
Beyond The National Gallery London is surely one of the world's best museum towns. Here are four of my favorites, along with some ideas about where to grab something to eat while you're there.
Vancouverites Cross Border, Shopping For Discount Flights Prior to this trip we hadn't really considered Seattle as a departure option for our travels, but as a result of this experience we'll definitely take advantage of future seat sales south of the border with no worries, an increasing trend for Canadians.
Confessions Of An Airport Shuttle Van Driver Ever wonder about the guy (or woman) driving you between the airport and your hotel, rental car or other destination?
The Resilient Beauty Of Greece (PHOTOS) The Mediterranean nation has fallen on tough times of late, but that doesn't mean it's not still a prime destination for
Disney World Wedding Despite what people may think, not every Disney wedding is a Mickey and Minnie affair -- though those are available.
10 Ancient Cities To Visit (PHOTOS) The world is packed full of astounding ancient cities that have survived through the ages.
Etihad's Next Play Etihad, young and unencumbered by tradition, is making the most of its assets, embracing its identity as a scrappy parvenu to seize opportunities.
Disposing Of Live Bombs In Germany Borchert took me to a residential area with unexploded bombs still in the ground. One 550-lb. and two 1,100-lb. US monsters had already been found and detonated.
A Human-Powered Race Through The Alaskan Wilderness (VIDEO, PHOTOS) The Alaska Ultrasport Iditarod Invitational is a human-powered race along the Iditarod Trail, the same route as Alaska's famed 1,000-mile sled dog race -- and these racers bike and ski the course.
Costa Allegra Fire Thomas is unsure whether or not Rebecca will want to return to cruise work. According to Thomas, James had a difficult time
Shooting Cuba In Havana, I interviewed Victor, a Cuban taxi driver who showed me his family pride, a 1958 Mercedes with a few very special features such as \air-conditioning.\
Virgin Atlantic Teaches Flight Attendants How To Whisper For Its Calming Effect \It is incredibly important that all Virgin Atlantic's cabin crew have their skills honed in order to provide the most comfortable
My Swiss Spa Day I immediately inspected my new face in the mirror
Top 5 Mountain Activities For Non Skiers Growing up, we always thought sledding was meant for kids.
Hungry For Experiences And Hitting The Road Nicolina works with street kids in Rio, providing them with the outlines of anatomically correct hearts and cheering them on as they fill these hearts with their hopes.
Leap Year Travel Deals This year's extra day in February doesn't feel all that festive -- but it's shaping up that travel and entertainment companies see this Wednesday as yet another weekday to fill rooms in their hotels, seats on their planes and rides at their theme parks.
Enjoying Brazilian Carnival At A Bloco (PHOTOS) Five drunk Smurfs wandered through the crowd covered in pale blue paint and a group dressed as journalists chased a (real) policewoman down the street yelling for an interview.
Insane Video Of BASE Jumping In Moab, Utah (VIDEO) Outside Moab, Utah sit a string of spires known as the Fisher Towers. Beautiful in their own right, they're even more memorable
Are We Better Off Without The TSA? Where would we be without the TSA?
The Remote, Lonely Wilds Of Chilean Patagonia (VIDEO, PHOTOS) In a 35-minute film that premiered February 16 at the Explorers Club in New York City, host Adri Murguia tells Faustino's
Cruise Passengers Robbed A public safety secretary told the Associated Press that no passengers were harmed. The nationalities of the passengers have
Discovering Denver The magnificence of the mountainous backdrop and the modern architecture throughout the city, make it impossible to turn a corner without being greeted by a breathtaking view.
Winter Weekend in Budapest But the best part was where I stayed, Brody House , and the lovely men who own it and, when not in London, Saint Petersburg
Southwest Airlines Pilot's Birthday Wish Causes Bomb Scare When Passengers Hear 'Bomb,' Not 'Mom' (VIDEO) Still, at least two passengers were upset about the incident and complained to flight officials after the plane landed. The
Racing For Ulaanbaatar Your odds of getting something edible off a Tajikistani menu are worse than your odds of traveling all the way from England to Mongolia without getting a flat tire.
Volcanic Versus Coral While we today regard volcanoes variously as dangerous, sexual, and beautiful, the ancients held them as mythic.
Is Jet Set Surgery The New Luxury Travel Trend? Even as plastic surgery abroad continues to gain in popularity, it comes with many cautionary tales from American surgeons.
Around The World Travel In 5 Easy Steps (PHOTOS) For travel lovers, it's the ultimate dream.
Beauty And Violence Rub Elbows In Salvador Da Bahia (PHOTOS) When the sun sets here over the water's horizon, it punctures the sky with deep shades of pumpkin and gold.
Riding Trans-Siberian Rails Into The Great White (PHOTOS) A few days east of Moscow, a young girl called Susanna got on. She had come up from Kazakhstan and was on her way to an arranged marriage somewhere in the far east.
Skiing Park City From blue trails to black and back to blue, we went from lift to lift and one slope to the next.
Air Traffic Controllers Caught, Sleeping, Reading, Texting On The Job (VIDEO) It looks like guiding planes isn't keeping the air traffic controllers at New York's Westchester County Airport busy enough
Most Expensive Cruise The trip begins when passengers are picked up from their home by helicopter, and, en route to a London airport, will sample
Zooming Is Death... For Travel Videos Whether you're on a ski trip, a cruise, at the beach or filming your kid's baseball game, there is one prominent button on your video camera that you're going to want to press -- and should avoid at all costs.
More Memphis Bites Now if you have a hankering for some authentic Italian, you may want to saunter over to PaPa Pia's on Union.
Kitschy And Cool Hotel Bars (PHOTOS) So we've shuffled through the clutter to find the top 10 hotel bars that, despite (or because) of being themed, are super cool.
7 Secrets About The South Of France (PHOTOS) With beautiful natural surroundings, pleasant weather, delicious cuisine and plenty of lesser-known towns, it's easy to see why the South of France is appealing
Alternatives To Drab Chain Hotels (VIDEO) In the past, vacationers booked chain hotels because they knew what they were getting into. Now it's easy to find user reviews online and take a reasonable risk.
Visiting The Sets Of This Year's Best Picture Nominees (PHOTOS) In our romanticized and admittedly naive fantasy about life as a movie star, nothing is as unquestionably glamorous as traveling around the world on location.
Lauren Scruggs Seen Leaving Dallas-Area Gym (EXCLUSIVE PHOTO) Check out the exclusive photo of Lauren that shows the results of her surgery below (courtesy of FameFlynet). Well wishers
Ask Airfarewatchdog Answering an interesting question about frequent flyer miles -- and is China really worth a trip?
Eccentric Festivals That Celebrate Single Foods (PHOTOS) Food festivals can be divided into two categories
Beach Resorts For Babies... Whether it's baby or parent who needs a dose of natural Vitamin D, these resorts will make sure every member of your family enjoys a well-deserved beach vacation.
Tips For Making The Most Of Disney World Dining (PHOTOS) Most guests would likely find the breadth and variety of dining options at Walt Disney World shocking. There are so many different options, in fact, that there are actually regularly updated websites that focus exclusively on Disney dining!
New Orleans From A Mardi Gras Float (PHOTOS) Lanky trees, draped with beads, stretched their branches over slow-moving avenues. Marble cherubim kept watch at the city's aboveground cemeteries.
Tired Pilots Are Falling Asleep At The Controls At that time, the British Airline Pilots\u2019 Association (Balpa) claimed this would result in fatigue that's equatable to being
Watching Whales Off Of Los Cabos Two enormous whales breached and slammed down on their sides. I thought the boat might capsize as we all got up from our seats, angling for unobstructed views.
Spring Break Colombia Looking to travel to an off-the-beaten-path Spring Break destination this year? The combination of gorgeous landscapes, friendly people, delicious food, warm days and breezy nights, make Colombia our pick for Spring Break 2012.
Beautiful Hotels In Academy Award-Nominated Films We may never look like Daniel Craig, but we can stay in just as nice a suite.
Exploring A Norwegian Brooklyn In Oslo (PHOTOS) Birkelunden Park flea market keeps Gr\u00fcnerl\u00f8kka alive and thriving. I strolled between the booths like an anthropologist eager to observe the youth culture up close and personal.
Beautiful Hotels In Academy Award-Nominated Films With the Academy Awards just a few days away, we got to thinking
OTP's Guide To Street Art Graffiti in Berlin was first thrown up in the early '60s in response to the creation of the Berlin Wall. From there, it's only gotten more interesting.
Drunk Flight Attendant Causes Flight Cancellation The flight, Delta Connection 3743, was scheduled to depart at 1 p.m. on Sunday, but Bongers was reportedly so drunk that
Vera Wang On Travel, Favorite Destinations & Her New Luggage Line Synonymous with weddings now for over twenty years, Vera Wang isn't one to leave well enough alone. She's used her passion
Hiking In The Swiss Alps Doesn't Have To Cost A Fortune Despite Switzerland's reputation as a pricey destination, hut-to-hut hiking in the Alps can be a breathtaking (pun intended) bargain.
Off Track Planet's Top 10 Coolest Music Venues Around the World (PHOTOS) If you like your tunes live and loud, these spots turn the decibels way up.
Who Wins The Oscar For Best Travel Destination Sometimes the real star of a movie is the setting itself.
Jeremy Lin Spirit Airlines has done it again. Only time will tell if the Linsanely low fees sale helps recover some lost ground. From
Pan Am Days Mother's one dimple creased as she smiled.  We were excited to arrive in this tropical eden.
America's 5 Most Epic Ski Runs (PHOTOS) A poll of the Liftopia crew's favorite runs resulted an amazing response  and our list of the Top 5 Epic Ski Runs.
Joining The Wildlife In Cades Cove (VIDEO) Despite the large crowds a brief walk down quiet path or into an open meadow is all that is required to find some quiet solitude.
The World's 11 Coolest Train Stations (PHOTOS) No matter how many improvements are made to transportation methods, there's something undeniably appealing about old-school train travel.
My Formula For Travel I stop and look up. The path looks like it flattens out on top and then disappears in a knot of wind-stunted trees. I walk toward them.
Catching The 'Wave' Industry insiders call this time of year \wave season,\ and cruise lines and cruise agents are launching aggressive sales to capture advance bookings for the entire year.
A Man Walks Into A Shebeen Soweto is overcrowded, dirty and noisy. It's also one of the most fascinating, joyful, high-spirited places I've ever visited.
12 American B&Bs Ideal For A Romantic Weekend (PHOTOS) Big hotels can sometimes offer luxuries that enhance romantic getaways, but there's nothing quite like the personal treatment you'll get at a boutique B&B.
Who's More Dangerous For an agency that claims to have \zero tolerance\ for criminal behavior, TSA agents sure spend a lot of time declaring their guilt.
San Diego's Historic Whaley House Speaks From Beyond Part two of my interview with Dean Glass, representing The Whaley House in San Diego.
Talking Mardi Gras With A New Orleans Hotelier We're right on the parade route and we have viewing stands in front with waiter service, so those enjoying the parade can order food and drink.
Carnival Takes To The Streets (PHOTOS) The beautiful women in exuberant, tiny dresses with massive head d\u00e9cor that often represent Carnival in popular media, unfortunately, belong only to the formal part of the festival.
Carnival In Rome (PHOTOS) Over the past few years, Carnevale Romano has had a revival, inspiring a \return to its roots\ with organized events. Rome's piazzas host daily theatrical performances, equestrian shows, musicians, dancers and buskers, a kind of Venice-lite for the Carnival crowd.
Sky, Sea And Smiles In The Philippines (PHOTOS) On one of the following mornings -- I quickly lost track -- I followed the curve of a beach until it ended in a village half-sunk in ocean.
The Pleasure Of Skiing Deer Valley (PHOTOS) I've flown out to Utah because I've heard that the people, the snow and the hospitality can't be beat.
Rio De Janeiro Goes Carnival Crazy (PHOTOS) Rio de Janeiro lit up over the weekend as Brazil was consumed by Carnival fever and the country's numerous samba schools
Hanging Out With Rio de Janeiro's Drunk Priests And Devils (PHOTOS) Countless nuns and angels mix happily with devils decked out in scarlet horns and forked tails, amid the heady, sex-charged atmosphere of samba and sweat.
The Magic Of Mazatlan (PHOTOS) What I wanted to know was this
An Insider's Guide To Waikiki Hawaii's Kamehameha clan cherished Waikiki as their private tropical playground, and you can still roll like royalty on this two-mile strip of sand lined with resort hotels, scenic beaches, tropical parks and gourmet grinds.
The Best Hipster Hotel Amenities (PHOTOS) put down your second-hand paperback, throw on your favorite vinyl record and take a look at some of our favorite \hipster-style\ amenities.
My Dog Ate Europe Here are some \interesting\ emails that our heroic staff received and responded to in the last year.
8 Great Party Beaches Around The World (PHOTOS) Expect to see voluptuous topless ladies, as some of the most beautiful people in the world are on display here.
England's Bath Is A Bit Of A Wash (PHOTOS) A visit to Bath wouldn't be complete without visiting the Bath Abbey, which is the last great medieval church of England
Women Represent At Mardi Gras (PHOTOS) New Orleans' newest female krewe, the Krewe of Nyx, made history this year as the first krewe born since Hurricane Katrina devastated the city in 2005.
Marrakech's Kaleidoscopic Style (PHOTOS) To get the scoop on what makes this Moroccan city so exciting now, Indagare reached out to insiders in the fields of fashion, design and culinaria.
The Dog Walkers Of Buenos Aires (PHOTOS) The display of leashes looks like high-end stuff.  There is not only leather but carpincho -- the tanned hide of a capybara -- something I would like for a belt.
The Best Fantasy Camps For Grownups (PHOTOS) People who fantasized about being a rock star, a Broadway singer or a race car driver are paying tens of thousands of dollars to live those dreams and get access to their idols.
Heli-Skiing Canada's Backcountry (PHOTOS) I'm awkwardly carving drunken S-shapes in the silken snow, tumbling into waist-deep, feather-light powder.
First-Class Travel One of the best parts about flying in the front of the plane is that the airlines dole out amenity kits packed with all those little things that make long-haul flights more comfortable
Discoveries Of The Deep That weird mushroom-creature from the Arctic? We still don't know what it is, and we're still working to find out.
A Muggle Gets An Appetite For Magic Candy After filling about two bags with treats, I headed over to the glass enclosed case, which houses treacle fudge, rock cakes and cauldron cakes.
The Devil Is In Your Pocket I'm taking this time to speak publicly about an item of maddening frustration every world traveler suffers with, but is powerless to solve or to combat
Thoughts On Good Travel For me, a fundamental goal in my travels is to have meaningful contact with local people.
San Diego's Historic Whaley House Speaks From Beyond The house says it is \Saving San Diego's Past For The Future\ indicating to passerby's and residents alike that this organization is an intricate part of history and must be maintained.
7 Weekend Getaways In The American South (PHOTOS) People think of Florida beaches or Bourbon Street in New Orleans when they think of holidays in the southern US, but there are plenty of options.
Airplane Runs Off Runway In Philippines (VIDEO) An Airphil Express flight from Manilla to Kalibo ran off the runway by some 200 feet Monday, and a lucky (unlucky?) passenger
7 Weekend Getaways In The American South (PHOTOS) Weekend getaways are the unsung heroes of vacationers everywhere, giving us brief glimpses of the world outside our offices
Soul Train Cruise To Set Sail In 2013 Check out some other celebrity cruise options below. Twelve acts are already on the roster, which includes big names like
How I Afford to Travel I walk places when I can, which means that I save on bus and cab fare -- my two feet are free!
5 Hotels With Distracting Amenities (PHOTOS) Couples getaways can be great. Unfortunately, they normally involve having your significant other along.
Thailand By River The journey which will bring us finally at the banks of the King's Summer Palace gave us ample time to think and imagine a different way of life.
The 12 Most Memorable Hotel Pools In The World (PHOTOS) Take a mental break from whatever you're doing to peruse the gorgeous pictures of these amazing hotel pools.
4 Big Trends in Paris Year after year, Paris remains the No. 1 travel destination in the world. This list of trends and new,\nhot, and happening Parisian places is for the true Francophile.
President's Day Presidents Day
Playing Princess In Paris There are some moments in my life's memories, when hotels have truly created a fairytale.
President's Day Most folks go see a movie or spend another day on the ski slopes for Presidents Day. But there's least one worthy presidential thing to do in every state of the US.
Spend Presidents Day Weekend At Mont Tremblant You'll get to rip down the tube slalom run and be whisked back up by the neighboring magic carpet to do it all over again.
Flamingo Air, Cincinnati Airline, Offers Mile High Sex To Customers (VIDEO) The flight, which costs $425 per hour, includes champagne, chocolate and a \very discreet pilot,\ the Daily News reports
Healthy And Tasty Memphis Eats Known for its BBQ, I was beyond delighted in Memphis with incredible food that was available to this little ol' vegan.
New York Mag's Fashion Editor On Her Fave NYC Hotels The Chicago native, who has described her style as \preppy sportswear with punches of fun,\ knows how to pick out ideal spots to cool her heels between shows.
Coal Mining Towns, \The Corner\ And A Photography Exhibit At The Tremaine Gallery (PHOTOS) Fabricated is an exhibit curated by Melissa Stafford and is taking place at the Tremaine Gallery at the Hotchkiss School in Lakeville, Connecticut. The show \examines, through photography, the relationship between the individual and his or her designed environment.\
Capturing Travel Through Photography (PHOTOS) We just enjoyed our annual all-staff meeting and our art department shared some of the best of the new photos in our arsenal.
Inheriting Mardi Gras (PHOTOS) Everything -- from the cut of the masks to the thousands of pounds of plum-colored beads tossed from Iris' 33 gargantuan floats -- must pass muster.
TSA Finds Marijuana Smuggled In Peanut Butter Jar According to witnesses, the man told agents the drugs were hidden because he didn't have a medical marijuana card. He was
Girls' Night Out If you are interested in food and are going to be in London between March 11 and 13, you may want to spend an evening (and \u00a3200 -- a little over $300 -- including all wine) at Girls' Night Out.
EVA Air's Hello Kitty Plane (PHOTOS) All photos courtesy of EVA Air. EVA Air has had Hello Kitty-themed jets since 2005, but they debuted three new jets this
Quest For Harmony On The Pearl River Delta (PHOTOS, VIDEO) There is a place whose people have been on a never-ending quest to achieve a concord between life's jagged puzzle pieces. And some believe they have found its secrets.
Singapore, I Love You. Here's Why. While the world was making fun, Singapore became an amalgam of an Asian Las Vegas with a bit of Manhattan, Sydney and Los Angeles thrown in. Watch out Macau, Hong Kong and Dubai.
7 Travel Videos To Help You Survive A Frozen Winter (VIDEO) If you are in need of some rays to emanate through your computer screen, pump up the brightness and bathe in these seven sunny beach escape videos.
10 Winter Escapes In South America (PHOTOS) In Patagonia, you can jet-ski across crystalline, azure lakes. In Colombia and Venezuela, you can trek through steamy jungles.
Swapping A Backpack For A Suitcase Down Under I'm a little embarrassed to have gone to Australia looking for exotic adventure. It's a beautiful place, but culturally exotic it is not.
Racing Horses Toward Modernity In Qatar (PHOTOS) Within a week of arriving in Doha in the steamy August heat, I was rubbing noses with horses at the Emir's famous Al Shaqab Stud.
Style Tips From Virgin Atlantic's RUNWAY Magazine (PHOTOS) If you've ever sat cramped, in a middle seat in coach, on a red-eye flight, you likely understand the swollen feet, baggy
Hot For Hollywood No Oscar invite? No worries.
Gailen David, American Airlines Flight Attendant, Mocks Airline, Faces Possible Firing (VIDEO, POLL) CORRECTION
Top 10 Best Hotel Bathtubs (PHOTOS) We've all got our own particular requisites when choosing a hotel room. Surely, though, we can all agree that when it comes to little things with a big impact, the bathtub reigns supreme.
787 Dreamliner Draws Boeing Logo Across Country With Flight Path (PHOTO) Via Gizmodo Flight Blogger Jon Ostrower noted he was tipped off to the plane's intended path while sitting at Houston International
Asia's Love Affair With Valentine's Day (PHOTOS) Westerners traveling through Asia on Tuesday will likely see Valentine's Day being celebrated with an almost alarming ferocity
Discount Airlines With discount airlines you get what you pay for not what you pray for.
Rita Lamberg, US Airways Passenger, Robbed Of $160,000 Worth Of Checked Jewelry According to an airline spokesperson, the matter is being investigated. Lamberg is offering a $10,000 reward to those who
In The Caribbean You hear a certain kind of hip-swinging music everywhere in the Dominican Republic
Liftopia's Top 5 Apr\u00e8s Ski Spots What goes best with skiing? Drinking, of course!
OTP's Guide to Hagglin' Like A Boss Weird things are for sale out there and making them yours for a good price takes some courage and finesse. Luckily, haggling is a part of every culture and only those afraid to bargain get gypped.
Good Churros In Barcelona Next time you're in Barcelona, be sure to take a look at that amazing church and use that as a high-minded excuse to stop for a plate of churros and a cup of hot chocolate.
Wildlife, Wild Lands This week our photos come from Gal\u00e1pagos, the Amazon, Antarctica, New Zealand, Costa Rica and Baja California.
Roman Snow Day (PHOTOS) It is a rare treat when snow flurries powder the Eternal City, normally known for picture perfect panoramas of palm trees and glowing hot sunsets.
Lucky Magazine's Fashion News and Features Director Names The Best Fashion Week Hotels \Uptown, I duck into the Royalton. Downtown, the Crosby Street Hotel is my home away from home.\
Spring Break In Europe? (PHOTOS) Although spring break standbys -- Cancun, Jamaica, Havasu, Las Vegas and Florida -- certainly have their appeal, savvy travelers looking for an experience (and a deal or two) should look east to Europe.
The World's Least Romantic Places (PHOTOS) You finally made it
Sausalito Sausalito is in San Francisco's backyard and it happens to be one of my favorite small American towns. It immediately begs the question
Don't Miss The Cohoes Falls In Upstate New York, A Stunning Natural Wonder In All Seasons Is it possible to live in a city and never see its most famous landmark?
The Wildest Hotel Pool Parties (PHOTOS) With Spring Break just around the corner -- and the rest of us here dying for a warm-weather vacation -- we thought about where we'd wanna party in the sun.
14 Wineries Where You Can Stay the Night (PHOTOS) Staying at a wine hotel means everything you need is within a short walk from your room.
Ask Airfarewatchdog What are the rules on flying with toddlers? And can investing really earn you a mountain of free frequent flyer miles?
New Safari Lodges In Southern Africa (PHOTOS) The sophistication of these suites and the standard of the cuisine are as crucial to the experience as the quality of the wildlife-viewing.
Facebook's Top 10 Cities For Romance (PHOTOS) Uptake has analyzed millions of status updates, photo captions and album covers on Facebook in order to bring you a list of the most smooch-worthy spots in the U.S. that people are talking about.
Cerebral Cruising Towards Antiquity (PHOTOS) After several attempts to catch a taxi back to the ship, one of the local shopkeepers voluntarily came out of his store and helped me flag down a taxi and give the driver directions.
My Carbon Neutral Sunday Drive In a country of $7-a-gallon fuel and high taxes, electric cars are making inroads -- and I wanted to take one for a test drive.
Finding Little Italy In Bangkok (PHOTOS) During a recent stay in Bangkok, around week five of my travels, I felt summoned elsewhere. I needed some good, traditional Italian food.
Did I Leave Syria With Blood On My Hands? Al-Assad's happy, smiling face stared out from billboards everywhere. In Damascus, with its fierce devotion to the Blessed Mother, he was sometimes pictured alongside her.
Delta Employees Make Video Of Airport Flash Mobs (VIDEO) WATCH below
Fathom Picks Find love in all the right places starting with these romantic destinations throughout Mexico.
A Minor Diversion I admit to thinking that the Kerala Tourism Board's motto of \God's Own Country\ was highly presumptuous.
Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show Since the many participants need to set up shop in New York for the big (dog) show, we figured we'd share our hotel expertise to match pups with places to stay.
8 Awesome Foodie Getaways Around The World (PHOTOS) Have a thing for mussels? Jet off to Prince Edward Island, Canada. Obsessed with tracking your favorite roving food trucks? Grab a Jeep and chase the ones that dot the Puerto Rican island Vieques.
Swap Your Stylish Abode For Another On This Home Exchange Site This week, Love Home Swap is launching a brand new Facebook app, which will allow prospective members to browse and join the online community of swappers.
Life And Death On The African Plain Slowly, the other elephants moved away with the baby. Off to the right, up on a hill, a magnificent male lion, his mane golden in the morning sun, sat watching the entire spectacle, having eaten his fill already.
20 Unique Drinks From Around The World (PHOTOS) Even if you're not a big drinker, sampling a unique local beverage can be a fun way to spice up your travels and learn something about the culture at the same time.
Airline Fat Tax The court cited the Montreal Convention in the case, which governs air travel rules. English lawyer Daniel Barnett explains
Don Shula, Larry Csonka To Headline Crystal's \NFL Legends\ Cruise This isn't Shula's first rodeo, though -- he's done this cruise before. Take a look at some other celebs who have taken to
7 Spots Where The Locals Eat In South Miami Beach (PHOTOS) If you don't have the budget for The Villa by Barton G., you might want to check out these places where the locals go. They're tasty, affordable and blissfully glitterati-free.
Talking With Actor, Activist And Innkeeper Richard Gere \We wanted to save it, so we bought it with the intention of creating a place you could ride your horse to, have a meal and ride home.\
Air Force Airlines [The National Geographic Channel headed inside Air Force One with President Obama back in 2009.] Cramped seating, dubious
FAA Bill Codifies Airline Passenger Bill Of Rights After five years of kicking the can down the road, the 112th United States Congress has agreed on the provisions of the FAA Modernization and Safety Improvement Act of 2012.
Federal Air Marshals Face A Hostile Work Environment, ABC News Reports An ABC News report that aired on Tuesday night investigates the apparently crazy world of air marshals. video platformvideo
How To Wash An Airplane (VIDEO) The night after they are c-checked, at which time they are out of commission for roughly 1-2 weeks, the planes are thoroughly
7 Sumptuous Suites For Your Sweetheart (PHOTOS) If you're tired of the same ole' box of chocolates or the requisite heart-shaped pendant from the mall, it's time to step up the romance factor in a different way
America's Most Romantic Hotels, According To TripAdvisor Survey (PHOTOS) Feeling inspired? All photos courtesy of TripAdvisor. If it's time to pop the question, here's Cheapflight's list of the
Burkina Faso OUAGANDOUGOU, Burkina Faso \u2013 Finding your way around Ouagadougou, the capital of Burkina Faso, should be easy to do. Wide
The Gay Traveler Online booking sites like Priceline.com and Hotwire.com have been helping hotels fill empty rooms at steep discounts for years now. But with recessionary times, come recessionary opportunities to take advantage of consumer's penny pinching desires, and a rash of companies are jumping in the game.
Diane Disney Miller Remembers Dad PHOTOS
Liftopia's Best Ski Airports (PHOTOS) At Liftopia, we travel quite a bit for work -- and for play! -- and spend a fair amount of time in airports across the country. Below are our favorites based on easy access to resorts, speed of baggage delivery and how quickly we can get in and out of the terminal and out on the slopes.
Eli Manning, Super Bowl MVP, Celebrates Giants' Victory In Walt Disney World (PHOTOS) \I'm going to Disney World!\ The \I'm going to Disney World\ tradition started in 1987, when NY Giants quarterback Phil Simms
Dog Mushing 101 (PHOTOS) The premise of dog mushing is simple
European Cold Snap Freezes Venice, Berlin and Other Destinations (PHOTOS) Though the views are spectacular, the cold has been a mixed blessing even for visitors. Yes, stories of sledding in Slovenia
15 Gripes About Hotel Rooms Everyone loves to gripe about air travel. But what about hotels? On a recent trip around the world, I stayed in six different hotels of various quality, and while my flights were perfect (thanks Singapore Airlines and United) the hotel stays were not always.
3 Fab Florida Hotels To Visit This Winter (PHOTOS) I visited these three spots recently and think they all offer something distinctly different, but equally fabulous for everyone's lifestyle and budget.
Finding Sodom In Madaba, Jordan's Historic City (PHOTOS) To put it mildly, the ancient Jordanian city of Madaba has a bit of history
Love Blooms Eternal In The City Of Light The iconic words uttered by Bogart to Bergman in \Casablanca\ so many years ago are just as true and meaningful today. Maybe even more so. You see, recently Bertrand Delanoe, the mayor of Paris, has created something called Paris Tourist Day, meant to encourage Parisians to adopt a more cordial view of tourists.
Setting A Courteous Guinness World Record In London Three Guinness World Record officials started their stopwatches. In the five minutes, we managed 314 curtsies, thus creating a new record.
Underground Railroad B&Bs Offer A Cozy Look At Raw History (PHOTOS) Pattye Benson, who runs the Great Valley House near Valley Forge in Pennsylvania also has historically-inclined clientele
Eating Bologna, Italy (PHOTOS) Overlooked by many tourists in favor of the two major tourist cities, Venice and Florence, it sits between, Bologna is in many ways the heart of farming Italy and should not be missed. H
How To Travel From The US To Cuba Now (PHOTOS) Trips to Cuba aren't a typical Caribbean beach vacation; there are plenty of vacation deals to the Dominican Republic or Jamaica if that's what you want. The schedules planned by these approved travel companies are busy with cultural activities
How To Plan A Caribbean Sailing Trip For experienced sailors, it is thrilling to sail among the four main islands
Astana, Kazakhstan's Capital Rich in oil and other mineral resources, Kazakhstan has lavished billions on the new capital, inviting some of the world's
Hunting Seals In Greenland (PHOTOS) Rasmus has run out of walrus meat so the dogs will have to make do with dry biscuits. Unless we get some meat we're all going to go hungry, that's the way of it out here.
Costa Concordia Lawsuit The Herald Sun reports that her doctors claim the \intense psychological stress suffered both during the night-time evacuation
The Travel Detective's Guide To Valentine's Day Deals I'm a romantic and I'm a cynic. Turns out the two are not mutually exclusive, especially when it comes to Valentine's Day and deals.
Top 5 Slopes To Celebrate Super Bowl Sunday We've compiled a quick list of some of the nation's top ski resorts to enjoy Super Bowl Sunday.
The 10 Coolest Subways Around the World (PHOTOS) Subways aren't just a means of getting from point A to point B. The dark nether regions that swallow millions of people daily are often bright and creative spaces to be explored.
9 European Attractions To Miss (PHOTOS) Not every attraction in Europe is world-class. Quite a few don't live up to the hype.
Going Swimming In Antarctica By Accident And On Purpose (PHOTOS) I heard a muffled swoosh, and a soft, but urgent, \Ed.\ When I looked around, there was Harriet, up to her armpits in water, leaning out of a large hole in the ice.
How To Travel In Style In Waikiki While some other areas may be beautiful, none can touch the perfect weather and conditions of Waikiki.
Girl With No Hands Barred From SeaWorld, Universal Orlando Rides Champagne, who was born without hands, was told she couldn't ride because \the manufacturers guidelines require that a guest
Insiders' Guide To Mardi Gras This article's the digital equivalent of a \pinned note\ that will point you in the right direction in case you (hic!) happen to quaff just a few too many hurricanes during this year's Carnival season.
High-Tech Airport Terminals This is where travel needs to be, say technologists who also insist that their wizardry, if employed universally, could solder
Do Not Disturb Some hotel rooms are just places to lay your head in between adventures. These ten, on the other hand, are our picks for staying in, for days and nights at a time.
Going Back In Time At A Remote Eco-Resort (PHOTOS) One of the most memorable experiences of my life, reminiscent of Marty McFLy traveling in his \Back To The Future\ DeLorean, my visit to Nihiwatu in Sumba, Indonesia was truly a trip back in time.
Moving From California To Fiji I'm calling it our Plan B, but it's really my Plan A.
Australia's Most Glamorous Camping Destinations Australia holds some of the world's wildest landscapes, from the rainforest and reefs of Queensland to the Red Center of the Northern Territory.
Exploring 'The Bachelor's' Luxe Hotel Digs In Park City Ben and the women were put up in the Waldorf Astoria Park City, an upscale hotel at The Canyons resort.
Off Track Planet's Guide To Carnival Arguably the greatest party on the planet, Rio's Carnaval falls right at the top of every partier's puke bucket list. Here's how to do it right.
Best Large-Ship Cruise Lines (PHOTOS) Large ships can deliver a seemingly endless variety of amenities and curated programs. The virtue of being big is boundlessness.
The Most Popular Super Bowl Bars In The U.S. (PHOTOS) Tens of thousands of football fans are descending on Indianapolis to watch Super Bowl 46. But millions more are willing to
Nikki Sixx, Motley Crue Bassist, Talks About Life On The Road AB
Among The Kazakh Eagle Hunters (PHOTOS) Kwanduk owned two magnificent golden eagles and would go out in the morning hunting rabbits, foxes, wolves and marmots. The fur is used to make the infamous Kazakh hats.
The Best Hotel-Hosted Super Bowl Parties In Las Vegas (PHOTOS) Why watch on your couch with delivery pizza when you can hit up a sick party on The Strip?
Where The Wild Things Are (PHOTOS) Discovering the Acropolis, seeing the Mona Lisa, walking on the Great Wall and watching the sunrise over the Taj Mahal are all undeniably spectacular travel experiences, yet nothing can compare to encountering the spellbinding magic of meeting Mother Nature's majestic creatures up close and in person.
An Oasis On The Bund On my next visit to Shanghai I might just venture down The Bund to see what else it has to offer, but truth be told, I would be perfectly content repeating my visit to Les Suites Orient.
Lauren Scruggs, Model Who Walked Into Plane Propeller, Gets Prosthetic Eye When last we checked in with Lauren Scruggs, the model was seen leaving the hospital, where she had been since walking into
16 Paris Hotels That Won't Break The Bank Regardless of how many times I've been to Paris, I still go through an extensive research process for hotels each and every time. Here's my list of the best in the three- and four-star range.
SEALAB And The Race To 'Inner Space' (PHOTOS) Back in the 1960s, it looked as though the space race might be matched by a race in the opposite direction.
The Best High-Tech Travel Gadgets (PHOTOS) Escaping no longer means leaving technology at home. These devices -- let's call them travel accessories -- are proof.
John Travolta Donates Plane To Georgia Museum Museum officials told the Associated Press that Travolta donated it in honor of his late son Jett, who died unexpectedly
Qantas Flight Grounded By Dirty Diaper \Unfortunately the fumes turned out to be a very smelly nappy dumped in the fwd toilet,\ posted Frank Smith. A new plane
Vermillion Cliffs National Monument The predators here are sun, heat, thirst, ignorance, isolation and rattlesnakes, not necessarily in that order. There are
The World Is A Classroom Is now the time to be devoting precious public funds to sending college kids overseas? Absolutely.
World's Most Popular Landmarks (PHOTOS) Find out which landmarks are the most buzzed about and start plotting your next trip.
Top 10 Budget Ski Hotels (PHOTOS) With the peace of mind that comes with making a smart hotel choice, you can focus on the slopes.
A Love Surprise Why settle for a card and flowers for this Valentine's Day? Travel, dang it!
World's Most Popular Landmarks (PHOTOS) The High Line, a converted rail bed that's now an elevated park, lures millions to the far west side of Manhattan with its
20 Tips For Trouble-Free Trips Our time-tested advice on how to solve the 20 problems that crop up most frequently. Read on to maximize your chances of truly happy trails.
Awesome Spring Break Vacations That Don't Require A Passport Each less than two hours outside of a major city, these destinations offer gorgeous landscapes and entertain singles, couples and families for a reasonable price. I love them all just as much as my Mexican hideways!
A Cruise Officer's Perspective On How Ships Could Be Safer Recent debates about whether cruising is safe versus whether it should be safer are misguided. Yes it is safe, but yes it could, and should,  be safer. Some shortcomings still need to be addressed.
A Billion Tourists Are Changing The World Wherever the one billionth tourist arrives, he or she will be part of one of the fastest growing sectors of the world economy. Amid the doom and gloom of recent years, this is surely reason to celebrate.
Dining In Barcelona My wife Jackie and I have never been ones to flee wintery New York weather and head for sunny climes, but I must admit that it was nice to take off from JFK airport in January's sub-freezing temperatures and arrive in Barcelona.
Who's Flying Your 'Puddle Jumper?' Confessions Of A Regional Jet Pilot We do what we have to do to survive, but our lifestyle is not glamorous. It is all fueled by the hope to grow our career while building our skills as a pilot.
Searching for Ceviche We then headed over to Barranco, which is the hip, happening 'hood in Lima. Think NY's Lower East side, but with gorgeous old stately homes.
TSA Agent Accused Of Stealing iPads From Travelers (VIDEO) Check out coverage by WFAA below. WFAA.com reports that 35-year-old Clayton Keith Dovel, who works in the airport's \Resolution
TSA Supervisor Waits Hours To Report Possible Pipe Bombs The discovery occurred at 11:30 a.m. Monday in a male passenger's carry-on. Inside, screeners saw one gold and one silver
'The Bachelor' Monday night's episode of \The Bachelor\ landed in Puerto Rico, where eligible fan-favorite Ben Flajnik checked into the
Istanbul's 10 Most Romantic Spots (PHOTOS) . Majestically astride two continents, it is a mystical playground of historical marvels, a palimpsest of civilizations that takes travelers back in time.
Wintergreen Resort's  Eighth Annual Wounded Warrior Weekend My husband, Charles Sneiderman, took more runs than I did, and takes over from here
China's Bavarian Beach Town The city swells for the annual Qingdao International Beer Festival, held the last two weeks of August. In addition to beer, Qingdao is known for its prized mineral water from the legendary Mount Lao Springs.
Secret TSA 'Memo' Reveals The Difference Between Medical Devices And Weapons Of Mass Destruction TSA policy on cupcakes and other baked goods is clear
A Film By And For The World To ensure cohesion in the film, they collaborated online, crossing language barriers and evaporating territorial ones.
FAA Bill Risks End Of Tarmac Rule The DOT operates at the \will\ of the president.  If the next president has a pro-airline leaning, the DOT's time frames can change in a heartbeat and we could be looking at 10 hours on the tarmac instead of three for domestic flights and 14 for international flights.
Seattle-Tacoma Airport Launches Initiative To Feature Local Music To get the full effect of the Seattle scene, musicians will be presented through multiple media. Overhead music from classic
Zagat's 8 Best Foodie Getaways Around The World For folks obsessed with food and dining, it's only natural that taking a vacation would follow that passion. If you've ever
Indiana Welcomes Super Bowl Fans With Children's Postcards (PHOTOS) There is a certain irony to the fact that the New York Giants and the New England Patriots -- two teams that, together with
Be Not Afraid When there are protests or a natural disaster strikes, events are often portrayed in a way that implies that an entire region has been consumed, even if the impact is limited.
Water Parks In Miami If you're looking for an affordable way for your family to have fun and cool off, Grapeland Water Park, named one of the
Small Town Life In The Peruvian Andes Life here in Rumira is simple
5 Places To Meet The Bears In B.C. The six of us stood shooting photos and watching the female bear pull berries off the bushes. The bear stood on her hind legs to pull the berry branches closer to her mouth.
We Met On A Plane If no relevant results pop up, you can also click \Share Your Story\ and explain how you met. There's also the option to
New Discoveries Here are some of my best finds of the year.
Six-Plus Years After Hurricane Katrina, Now Is a Great Time to Visit New Orleans Take a free ferry ride on the Mississippi River. Stop and hear some live jazz musicians while snacking on some pralines or a King Cake. Hold a live alligator on a swamp tour.
Water Parks in Maryland What's your favorite water park in the Mid-Atlantic region? Splash Mountain One of six Jolly Roger amusement parks in Ocean
Water Parks In North Dakota Safety Record Our research revealed no notable news reports of accidents or safety issues at Raging Rivers Water Park. Address
Unexpected Indianapolis As the Super Bowl host on February 5, Indianapolis jumps into the spotlight, and you can bet an ear of corn you'll hear all about its race cars and mighty museums. But what about its burlesque shows and brains in jars?
Blue Mountain Ski Resort Blue Mountain Ski Resort night skiing and snowboarding, as seen from a snowboarder's perspective. WATCH
Southwest Plane Hits Light Pole At Denver Airport (PHOTO) The 737 was taxiing to the gate when, a passenger Tweeted, it ran into a pole on the tarmac. Twitter user and passenger @Hilary_NH
Water Parks In Montana Natural ThrillsThe Oldface water slide uses the land's natural hills to give you a thrilling ride. Slide over the hills and
Water Parks in New Jersey Water parks in New Jersey run the gamut from indoor parks open year-round to extreme thrill parks, and they all offer fun
10 Lessons Learned Between Kathmandu And Delhi There are many times when I was in the poorest sections of India when I struggled to justify why I would travel to a place with such dramatic poverty for my own amusement.
A Beginner's Guide To Barbuda Not many people go to the tiny island of Barbuda. The out of the way leeward island in the British West Indies is accessible to those who make the effort
Why I'll Never Return To Vietnam While in Nha Trang, I met an English teacher who had been in Vietnam for many years. He said the Vietnamese are taught that their problems are caused by the West, especially by the French and Americans.
The Best Of The Big Easy There's certain joie de vivre to New Orleans that is irresistible. Whether you're sipping a Sazerac to the peals of a brass band, downing a fried shrimp po-boy drowning in Swiss cheese and beef gravy, lobbing beads to raucous Mardi Gras revelers from a wrought iron balcony or taking your caf\u00e9 au latte in the shade of a century-old oak, the city is simply intoxicating.
Water Parks in Los Angeles What's your favorite water park in California? Maximum ThrillHurricane Harbor's most notable ride is likely the Tornado, a
TSA Workers Suspended From Newark Airport For Sleeping On The Job An official with the local union told the site that failures by the TSA workers were likely due to poor training, noting
Water Parks In Ohio Play Or Lounge With over 50 heart-stopping rides, you may need to take a break at one of the beach volleyball courts or relax
The Hottest Places To Honeymoon In 2012 (PHOTOS) Unlike some travelers who wouldn't be caught dead at last year's \it\ resort, honeymooners tend to be a less fickle bunch. Still, every year has its buzzy honeymoon spots, and 2012 is no exception.
Archaeo-Tourists Mob Ancient Aztec, Mayan Ruins They're checking out Chichen Itza, packing Palenque and tooling around Tulum
Traveling To The Roaring Twenties (PHOTOS) The fashion and film world is sticking a few jazz hands up in the face of this age of austerity and we can't get enough of it.
Hiding From The Cold In A Quebecois Timber Lodge I had come to ski some of the 65,000 acres of wooded backcountry that neighbor the resort, but the ch\u00e2teau was so welcoming that I found it hard to leave.
Tea Time Beneath The Western Ghats (PHOTOS) As we stepped out of the serene plantation, we followed narrow damp twisty trails through the thick, humid wilderness.
