Weird Father's Day Gifts Your Dad Doesn't Know He Wants (But He Does) Why buy a boring tie when you can give him testicle plush toys?
Mystery 'Wolf-Like' Animal Reportedly Shot In Montana, Baffles Wildlife Officials \u201cWe have no idea what this was until we get a DNA report back.\
A Bag Of Wet Socks Is Apparently Living In The White House Press Briefing Room \The formerly wet bag of socks... has become crusty,\ tweeted a reporter who thrice spotted the socks.
Fish Market Buys Freedom For Fred The 70-Pound Octopus The market owner won't sell octopus products after playing hide-and-seek with a friendly cephalopod.
Amazon Admits Alexa Device Eavesdropped On Portland Family \u201cUnplug your Alexa devices right now. You\u2019re being hacked.\u201d
Man Discovers Handgun Impaled In Front Bumper Of Car The driver kept going after a mysterious object struck his car.
Rescue Cat Has Hilarious Wide-Eyed Expression After Scan Confirms She Is Pregnant \ud83d\ude3b\ud83d\ude3b\ud83d\ude3b
Weirdest Promposals Of 2018 Include Teen Who Faked His Own Birth The things people do for love. Or at least for prom.
Walking Definition Of An Entitled Millennial Swears He's Not An Entitled Millennial Michael Rotondo was court-ordered to move out of his parents\u2019 home.
'Star Wars' Burlesque Show Storms West Coast With Sexy Stormtroopers Finding a guy tall enough to play Chewbacca who could dance was a challenge, according to the director.
We Try Stink Bug-Flavored Jelly Bellys So You Don't Have To Tastes as good as it sounds (unfortunately).
Power Outage Triggers 'Extreme Zombie Activity' Alert In Florida City They have a warning prepped for this?
Publix Censors Teen's 'Summa Cum Laude' Graduation Cake \I can\u2019t believe I\u2019m the first one to ever write \u2018Summa Cum Laude\u2019 on a cake.\u201d
Airline Passenger Arrested After Allegedly Harassing Woman And Peeing On Seat Alcohol may have been involved.
Newest Head Cracker This time, you can change what you hear with your mind.
'Meditation Is Like A Human's Way Of Clearing Browser Cache' The 25 most profound \u201cShower Thoughts\u201d on Reddit from the last week.
Kidnapper Accused Of Using Alligator To Hold Man Captive The suspect allegedly sent a ransom photo of the victim with a live reptile on his back.
Yanny Or Laurel? Here\u2019s The Real Answer *Drumroll*
People Can't Agree On Whether This Voice Is Saying 'Yanny' Or 'Laurel' The voice is creating division on the internet not seen since that infamous dress.
Rare Conjoined Fawns Have Scientists Doing A Double Take \u201cWe can\u2019t even estimate the rarity of this,\ one scientist said.
'Dogs May Help Prepare You For Babies, But Cats Help Prepare You For Teenagers' The 25 most profound \u201cShower Thoughts\u201d on Reddit from the last week.
Woman Who Sent 65,000 Texts To First Date Says 'Love Is An Excessive Thing' In one text message, Jacqueline Ades allegedly told her date she'd like to bathe in his blood.
Boston Dynamics Has Created A Running Robot, And It's Coming For You Soon we\u2019ll have nowhere to hide.
This 'Pollen Bomb' Is Every Allergy Sufferer's Worst Nightmare Achoo!
Woman Says She Took Home 'Kittens,' Only To Find Out They Were Bobcats But the finder has raised questions by changing her story about where the cats came from.
Video Of Bear Eating Ice Cream At Dairy Queen Leads To Charges For Zoo Owners \We made a mistake.\
Stormy Daniels Finds A Crunchy New Way to Chip Away At Trump Orange you intrigued?
Woman Allegedly Blows Up Pee Sample In A 7-Eleven Microwave The on-duty clerk was pissed.
May The Fourth Be With These Wonderful Tweets Celebrating 'Star Wars' Day Brilliant, they are.
'Dogs Protect Humans From Other Humans. Humans Protect Dogs From Other Dogs.' The 25 most profound \u201cShower Thoughts\u201d on Reddit from the last week.
These Are The Mother's Day Gifts Your Weird Mom Really Wants No matter if your mom is into \Star Wars,\ wine or something even wilder, we've got you covered.
White Sox Celebration Reminds Sports Fans Of Trump's Alleged Pee Tape \Was this taken inside a Ritz-Carlton?\
Stormy Daniels Tops Roseanne Barr In Epic And NSFW Twitter Smackdown Our ears are still ringing from this  clapback.
Twitter Users Chew Out DJ Khaled For Refusing To Perform Oral Sex On Wife (NSFW) Tongues are wagging about this revelation.
Sweden Just Made A Startling Confession About Its Famous Meatballs A 300-year-old secret is revealed.
Champion Glutton Matt Stonie Eats 125 Cupcakes -- With Sprinkles \I was stuck in the tornado of sugar,\ the competitive eater said after consuming more than 12,000 calories in minutes.
Pizza Rat Has Returned. Or Has He? \u201cPizza Iguana,\u201d \u201cTaco Squirrel,\u201d and \Bagel Pigeon\u201d were unavailable for comment.
Border Patrol Agents Discover Baby Tiger Inside Duffel Bag Smugglers left the animal behind after spotting the agents.
Suspects Charged With Theft Of Over $20,000 In Victoria's Secret Lingerie Police said the panty caper was pulled off in less than four months.
Library Shut Down After Stinky Fruit Mistaken For Gas Leak The odor of the durian fruit has been compared to \u201cturpentine and onions, garnished with a gym sock.\u201d
Watch This Paddleboarder Get Straight-Up Wrecked By A Dolphin It dolphinately did that on porpoise.
British Tweeters Celebrate 'Ed Balls Day,' Their Strangest 'National Holiday' \It feels like the last Ed Balls day was just a few months ago.\
Of Course The Historic North And South Korea Summit Is Now An Amusing Meme Kim Jong Un and Moon Jae-in playing tennis? Check.
1,300-Pound Great White Shark Named Hilton Spotted Near Florida Panhandle It's the first time researchers have seen Hilton in the Gulf of Mexico.
Pets Are 'The 1 Percent' Of Animals The 25 most profound \u201cShower Thoughts\u201d on Reddit from the last week.
Texas Town's '0.5K' Fun Run Is A Cakewalk Even For The Lazy There's a donut stand about 150 meters into the run \u2014 it's next to the smoking section.
Lego Royal Family Gets New Lego Member At Legoland He's got his father's bricks.
'Christian Researcher' Has A Head-Spinning New Doomsday Prediction But don't cancel your plans just yet.
Costumed Squirrel 'Furry Boi' Wins Election For Berkeley Student Senate The senator-elect embraced human-friendly issues after his victory.
Trump Shared One Awkward Kiss And Handshake With Emmanuel Macron \u201cI like him a lot,\u201d Trump declared after their bizarre embrace that drew laughs from the crowd.
No, A Monkey Can't Copyright His Selfies, Federal Appeals Court Rules Who knows if animals want to collect royalties, a judge wrote.
Spanish Woman Looks More Like Trump Than The Donald Himself \u2033My photo seems to have traveled far. I say it is because of the color of my hair,\u201d she said.
Fake Shadow-Boxer Helps Single Japanese Women Feel Safer At Home Customers can choose to have their shadow man box, do karate or swing a baseball bat.
Man Who Survived Bear Attack Gets Bitten By A Shark \I don't blame the shark, I don't blame the bear, and I don't blame the rattlesnake,\ the victim said.
These Old Marijuana Movie Posters May Scare You Into Smoking Pot According to these films, smoking pot may make you dance the Charleston.
It's Always 420 In These Ridiculous Marijuana Stock Photos Here are the cheesiest ones.
Conspiracy Theory Believers Are The Most Skeptical And The Most Gullible People The 25 most profound \u201cShower Thoughts\u201d on Reddit from the last week.
Military Officers Punished After Guardsman Appears To Re-Enlist Using Dinosaur Puppet At least one officer's active-duty career is now extinct.
Terrifying Tumbleweeds Take Over California City, Trapping Residents Inside Homes \It\u2019s a nasty nightmare.\u201d
Instant Justice In A Traffic Jam Is\u00a0The Most Satisfying Thing You\u2019ll See Today Karma happens.
World's First Sex Doll Brothel Caters To Those Who Don't Want Human Touch Patrons of the plastic prostitutes have mostly been respectful. But there was this one guy.
'Childhood Ruined' The news left people on social media shook.
'Very Angry Badger' Seizes Part Of 500-Year-Old Scottish Castle Run away! Run away!
Giant Penis Mural To Be Painted Over After Stiff Resistance From Locals [NSFW] One could argue the artist got shafted.
London Police Shut Down A Rave In An Abandoned Toys R Us The police later tweeted out a fun graphic about the incident.
Tarantula Topping Draws The Brave Into North Carolina Burger Joint It's like Little Miss Muffet in reverse?
Cops Fired After Blaming Missing Half-Ton Of Pot On Stoner Mice A judge tried to weed out the truth.
Louisiana Woman Creates Frog Bikini (And It's Ribbiting) Fabiana LeFleur warned the suit has little support in the bosom, so wardrobe malfunctions are \inevitable.\
'Singing' Road Is Driving Dutch Villagers Crazy It was a fun idea, \but not 24 hours a day,\ said a man who lives near the road.
Artist's Neon Signs Showcase The Worst Parts Of Each Social Media Platform \u201cI don\u2019t think all social media is terrible,\ the artist insists.
This Optical Illusion Will Blow The Color Right Out Of Your Eyeballs You might stop trusting your own eyes after seeing this.
Robot Sex Doll Inventor Claims It Has Improved His Marriage But that's the female doll. Sergi Santos is a little worried about what will happen when they've built a male robot.
27 Awe-Inspiring Photos Of Average-Sized Humans Next To Huge Machines A larger-than-life look into feats of manufacturing.
\u2018In A Dogs' World, Humans Are Elves That Routinely Live To Be 500+ Years Old\u2019 The 25 most profound \u201cShower Thoughts\u201d on Reddit from the last week.
KO'd Martial Artist Is Epitome Of Show-Must-Go-On In 'Got Talent' This is painful to watch.
'In The Club' Meme Is The Internet's Early Wedding Gift To Prince Harry Royally funny.
Shout 'Dilly Dilly' At The Masters And You'll Be Thrown Out On Your Can Officials won't dilly-dally enforcing a ban on yelling the Bud Light catch-phrase.
Man Who Dressed Up As White House Easter Bunny Usually Serves With Dignity But when the White House needed a guy for the rabbit suit, this military officer hopped to it.
Possibly Tipsy Man Loves Cheap Costco Beer So Much, He Made A Commercial For It Though he later said \all cheap beer is pretty much the same.\
Squirrel Who Lost Paws In Trap Gets Prosthetic Wheels Karamel is believed to be the first squirrel to be given prosthetics.
Villanova Fans Jump Fire To Celebrate NCAA Basketball Title Students climbed trees to break off branches for the flames.
Man Seeks Mercy From Hotel That Banned Him After Seagulls Trashed His Room It's a wild story that involves a suitcase full of pepperoni, large incontinent birds and a heartfelt apology.
Motorcyclist's Horrifying Brush With Death Caught On Video Somehow, he walked away in one piece.
Student Saves Drowning Squirrel, With A Little Help From 'The Office' \You gotta do what you gotta do if you\u2019re going to save a squirrel\u2019s life.\
This Annual Penis Festival In Japan Is About More Than Just Giant Schlongs The annual event raises awareness about safe sex and money for HIV charities.
Hopefully We Don't Need To Tell You That Condom Snorting Is A Bad Idea Looks like some teens need to be told not to use condoms.
'The Early Worm Dies' The 25 most profound \u201cShower Thoughts\u201d on Reddit from the last week.
Some Guy Just Learned The Hard Way Why You Should Never Taunt A Goose See this goose? Do NOT mess with this goose.
Man Uses Live Alligator For His Baby\u2019s Gender Reveal Party What could possibly go wrong? \ud83d\udc0a
Woman Arrested After Raunchy Come-On To Easter Bunny A disapproving witness reported \lewd acts\ on the costumed creature, police said.
Punxsutawney Phil Wanted By Police For Bad Weather Forecasting The groundhog stands accused of deception.
Giant Animatronic T-Rex Bursts Into Flame Because Even Robots Are Done With 2018 \Electrical issue\ blamed for loss of 24-foot-tall T. rex.
American Airlines Pilot Reports UFO With 'Big Reflection' 40,000 Feet Over Arizona \u201cSomething just passed over us.\
MMA Fighter Does Front Flip Off Knocked-Out Opponent, Gets Disqualified \My mother has to see that,\ an ashamed Drew Chatman said.
RNC Sells Trump-Themed Pet Leash In Honor Of National Puppy Day A lot of people made it clear that their pups have no desire to Make America Great Again.
'Memes Are Like Inside Jokes Between Millions Of People' The 25 most profound \u201cShower Thoughts\u201d on Reddit from the last week.
Strange 'Alien Skeleton' Mystery Finally Solved The mummified remains are just 6 inches long, yet have the bone structure of a 6-year-old.
Woman Effortlessly Annihilates Her Opponent In A Cotton Candy-Eating Contest \I love how she goes from classy, to OFGLARBDKVNES, then to classy again ... \
Check Out Tokyo's New Godzilla Statue Because of course they needed a new one.
Feminists Demand Paris Sex Doll Brothel Be Shut For Fueling Rape Fantasies \Westworld\ prequel?
Guy In Bear Costume Has No Problem Voting In Russian Election Even though he could barely fit into the voting booth.
Driver Tries To Pass Homer Simpson License Off As Real To Cops D'oh!
Truck Dumps Its Enormous Milk Load All Over The Road And Twitter users brought the jokes.
A Guy Crashes Through A Table In Snow To Celebrate NCAA Tournament Upset Well, that's one way to show support for your team.
9-Hour Rainbow Shines Its Way Into The Record Books Color them impressed.
'Dogs Must Think We're Magical When We Rub The Wall And The Room Gets Bright' The 25 most profound \u201cShower Thoughts\u201d on Reddit from the last week.
Man Dressed As Elsa From 'Frozen' Pushes Police Wagon Out Of Snow \If this is my 15 minutes, I would like to leverage it to meet Adam Rippon.\
Oregon's New Travel Video May Inspire Acid Trips More Than Vacations Giant rabbits? Bicycling caterpillers? Frogs reading newspapers? Yeah, we're tripping.
This Puppy With A Strangely Human Face Is Freaking Out The Internet People think Yogi looks like Zach Galifianakis or maybe Paul Rudd or closer to Jake Gyllenhaal.
Bride Busted For DUI On The Way To Her Wedding \Till death do we part doesn't need any help.\
Declassified Military Video Shows Fast-Moving UFO Tracked By Navy Fighter Pilots \u201cWow! What is that, man?\u201d
Just When 2018 Couldn\u2019t Get Weirder, Duchess Kate\u2019s Fingers Became A Story Her fingers even became a Twitter Moment.
Nightclub Shuts Down After Woman Rides Horse Into Crowd Of Partygoers Footage shows the spooked animal throwing off a bikini-clad rider.
A Shelter's Call For Old Chairs Goes Viral, And The Pets Couldn't Be Happier \u201cThey love their chairs.\
Stormy Daniels Has Some Amazing Comebacks For Angry People On Twitter The porn star asks that if you call her a skank, at least spell it correctly.
Woman Finds Bloody Tooth (Not Her Own) In Bag Of Cashews \u201cI got very upset, I was crying, I threw up two or three times.\u201d
Australian Woman Discovers Message In A Bottle Sent In 1886 The handwriting and details in the note matched with the captain's log of a German ship.
Stinging For The Fences \The Swarm\ sequel.
Every Lawyer In Utah Just Received A Picture Of Boobs Whoops!
'The Internet Is The Only Place We Simultaneously Desire Fame And Anonymity' The 25 most profound \u201cShower Thoughts\u201d on Reddit from the last week.
Dad Who Face-Planted Onto His Daughter's Snowy Trampoline Asks \The snow just looked too perfect and inviting, and the big kid in me took over.\
'Pretty Much Everyone On The Plane Threw Up' On Gut-Wrenching Landing Miserable. Just miserable.
Women Are Tying The Knot With Trees For A Very Good Reason Maybe someone should create a tree dating app called Timber.
News Anchor Has To Wing It When Pink Bird Flies On Her Head This is one bird-brained blooper.
This Guy Used Augmented Reality To Recreate 'The Ring' In Real Life File this under \Powers used for evil.\
Couple Adopts Pet Pig From Animal Shelter Only To Kill And Eat Her Because law enforcement said the pig was killed humanely, there's no legal action the shelter can take.
New Fitness Trend 'Plogging' Keeps Both Humans And Mother Earth Healthy What's grosser? Not picking up trash or not taking responsiblity for it?
KFC Says 'FCK' In Full-Page Ad Apologizing For Chicken Shortage The fast-food chain is trying to soothe ruffled feathers with humor.
'Friends That Never Text Back Are Always On Their Phones When You See Them\u2019 The 25 most profound \u201cShower Thoughts\u201d on Reddit from the last week.
'Black Panther' Fans Are Pranking Wauconda, Illinois, With Vibranium Requests \u201cSomeone called and asked how we pronounced the village name and when I told him, he began yelling, \u2018Wakanda forever!\u2019\ a town employee says.
Exotic Dancers Show It's Easier To Get A Gun Than A Strippers' License In Tennessee The video they filmed angered a GOP politician in the state.
Missouri Third-Graders Selling AR-15 Raffle Tickets For Their Baseball Team The fundraiser is going ahead despite mounting controversy.
Farting Passenger Forces Plane To Make Emergency Landing A fight broke out because the unnamed man couldn't stop passing gas.
Shark Snags Australian Fisherman's Line, Takes Him For A Wild Ride The man was rescued by his friends, but police launched a massive search after he left his kayak unattended.
Team USA\u2019s 'Dumb And Dumber\u2019 Gloves Are Now An Olympic Meme \Perfect for Americans on the international stage these days.\
'Trump' And 'Kim' Thrown Out Of Opening Ceremony \u201cWe wanted to surprise everyone and bring world peace and then we\u2019re being escorted out by security guards, which I think is really unfair.\
'If The Earth Was Flat, Why Haven't The Cats Pushed Everything Off By Now?' The 25 most profound \u201cShower Thoughts\u201d on Reddit from the last week.
LA Family's Lawsuit Says Starbucks Served Blood-Stained Frappuccino \u201cMy wife and my baby just drank someone\u2019s blood. It was bad.\u201d
Claw Machine Makes Florida Boy Its Next Victim \u201cHe went in, but obviously he couldn't come back out the same way,\u201d said one firefighter.
An Old Photo Of Barack Obama And Justin Trudeau Is Breaking The Internet President Donald Trump also makes a cameo.
Pancake-Craving Dog Accidentally Starts House Fire As Scooby Doo might say, \Ruh-roh!\
Sorry, Eating McDonald's French Fries Won't Actually Cure Your Baldness The researcher behind a groundbreaking baldness study says eating fries is not the solution.
Mind-Boggling Optical Illusion Will Make You Think You Can't See Straight Whoa!
45-Minute Farm Standoff Ends When Cops Realize Tiger Is Stuffed Officers in Scotland had a roaring shift on Saturday night.
Virginia Man Wins The Lottery By Playing Numbers From A Dream Some dreams really do come true.
Here Are 22 Valentine's Day Gifts For The Weirdo In Your Life Love is strange so shouldn't your Valentine's gifts be as well?
Goose Hunter Knocked Unconscious By Dead Bird Falling From Sky The hunter is in stable condition.
TV Channel Is Playing \u2018Groundhog Day\u2019 On Loop All Groundhog Day 2018 Hey, who doesn\u2019t want to watch the Bill Murray classic 13 times in a row?
'Dreams Are The Ultimate Fake News' The 25 most profound \u201cShower Thoughts\u201d on Reddit from the last week.
South Carolina Woman's Hair Dryer Turns Into A Blowtorch A burned hand and a scorched product.
Nigel, The Lonely Seabird, Dies Next To The Concrete Bird Replica He Loved For 5 Years \This just feels like the wrong ending to the story,\ said the ranger who found the bird's corpse.
Truly Inept Burglary Attempt Gets Truly Epic Play-By-Play \Oh my God! Somebody get some salami and cream cheese and rub it all over his face \u2015 he\u2019s unconscious and on the ground!\
Fiona The Hippo Predicts Who Will Win The Super Bowl Some tempting lettuce helped make the decision.
Someone Face-Swapped Trump Into 'The Office,' And It's Absolutely Horrifying That's definitely not what she said.
Satanists Adopted A Highway So You May As Well Start Playing Some AC/DC Now The devil didn't make them do it. They did it of their own free will.
Mystery Toilet Flusher Turns Out To Be Something Pretty Scary \The toilet had been flushing by itself randomly for days when they opened it up and found a surprise waiting for them!\
These Squirrels Are Totally Ready For The Winter Olympics There's nothing wrong with skiing like a squirrel.
Patriots' Joe Thuney Deftly Solves Rubik's Cube At Super Bowl Event \I literally just read the manual that told you what moves kinda helped.\
Leaping Kangaroo Smashes Into Unsuspecting Cyclist In Australia The kangaroo hopped away, apparently unscathed.
This Guy's Tiny Re-Creation Of A '90s Video Store Is A Nostalgic Rewind If you're old enough, it's very familiar.
AAAAAAH! The Horrifying Moment A Disney Animatronic Lost Its Head Here's something you don't see every day.
21 Weird Holidays And Their Origin Stories It's almost time for Ice Cream For Breakfast Day!
Family's Fabulous Pet Chicken Gets Own Obituary In Local Newspaper RIP, Big Mama.
This Bar Says It Will Kick You Out If You Use The Word 'Literally' Will they? Like, literally?
46 Tons Of Beads Found In New Orleans' Storm Drains The Big Easy is also the big messy.
'People Eating Tide Pods But Won\u2019t Eat Those Stringy Things On Bananas' The 25 most profound \u201cShower Thoughts\u201d on Reddit from the last week.
Nothing Else Matters Today Because It's Fiona The Hippo's Birthday Yes, girl, you eat alllllll the watermelon you want today!
Actor Who Played Barney The Dinosaur Is Now A Tantric Sex Healer But David Joyner sure wishes reporters would lay off the sex angle.
Heartbroken Locals Hold Candlelight Vigil For Taco Bell That Burned Down It\u2019s nacho ordinary vigil.
Smartphone Battery Explodes After Man Inexplicably Bites Into It This toothy consumer test blew up in a man's face.
Boston TV Station Posts Aaron Hernandez Photo To Celebrate Patriots' Win WCVB called the mistake \unacceptable.\
Neil deGrasse Tyson Has A Haunting Question About Bears Hmmm...
Running Eagles Fan Slams Into Subway Pole This may have been the hardest hit of the day.
Donald Trump's 'Screaming' Face On A Newspaper Stack Gets The Funniest Reworking Let the Photoshop Battle commence.
Sushi Fanatic Rethinks Raw Fish After Pulling 5-Foot Tapeworm From Body A doctor suspects it came from improperly prepared raw salmon.
Officer Comforts 93-Year-Old Theft Victim In Heartwarming, Musical Way \u201cIt truly made me feel good about myself and the job I do.\
Rapper MC Flow Weeds Out The Challenges Of Visiting A Pot Dispensary \Walls and walls of green buds, jugs full of flower / \nIndicas for the in da couch, sativas for the power.\
No Bull, This News Anchor Can't Handle Bison Hump Day \I'm done.\
Man Pranks Police With DeLorean Made From Snow As jokes go, this one's pretty chill.
'Reading Is Just Looking At A Dead Piece Of Wood For Hours And Hallucinating' The 25 most profound \u201cShower Thoughts\u201d on Reddit from the last week.
Alligator And Python Locked In Death Duel On Golf Course See you later, alligator?
Protesters Tear Down Angel Sculpture For Looking Satanic The 24-foot-tall sculpture is called \Phylax,\ which in Greek means \u201cguardian.\u201d
Author Of 'Alcoholic\u2019s Guide to Adventure' Arrested After Drunken 911 Call He told an emergency dispatcher his wife had become \a black widow spider.\
The World's Deadliest Cat Is Absolutely Adorable Don't mess with this little kitty.
Redditors Rework Old Photo Of Donald Trump To Hilarious Effect Trump as a sea monster? Check.
Tennis Player At Australian Open Can't Peel The Damn Bananas Orange you going to try a different snack next time?
Man's Horrific Experience Explains Why You Shouldn't Stifle A Sneeze Doctors said stopping sneezes by \blocking nostrils and mouth\ is dangerous, and this  story shows why.
This Penis-Shaped Weather Map Aroused A Storm Of Hilarity That's a hard storm throbbing through the South.
Botched Photo Shoot Brings Viral Glory To Missouri Family \u201cThis is too funny to keep to ourselves,\u201d Pam Zaring said.
You Better Fly A Drone Sober In New Jersey Violators face up to six months in jail.
Car Flies Into Second Floor Of Building And Stays There Two car occupants had minor injuries from the wild ride that ended in a dentist's office.
People Are Suggesting How To #FixTrumpIn5Words \Swap phone for fidget spinner.\
'The Best Liar You Know Is Not The Best Liar You Know' The 25 most profound \Shower Thoughts\ on Reddit this week.
We'd Swipe Right On This Flirty Kangaroo \Draw me like one of your French marsupials.\ -- this kangaroo, probably.
Husband, Wife Win $1 Million Prizes Just Months Apart How lucky can you get?
Aging Punk Rockers Have A Message For The Kids Smells like senior citizen spirit.
Man Rams Armored Vehicle Into Shop Just For 1 Bottle Of Wine He was tanked.
Judge To Settle Fight Over Charles Manson's 'Murderabilia' A pen pal and men claiming to be Manson's son and grandson are battling for the killer's estate.
Cross Mysteriously Appears On Rabbit's Forehead Hare is risen!
'The Truman Show' Would Have Made An Amazing 'Black Mirror' Episode The 25 most profound \u201cShower Thoughts\u201d on Reddit from the last week.
Donald Trump Gives Steve Bannon Insulting New Nickname, Sends Tweeters Into Meltdown \I don\u2019t think Mike Pence is allowed to perform a Sloppy Steve unless Mother is present.\
Woman Agrees To Pay For Wrong Lottery Ticket, Then Wins $5 Million \I never win anything,\ Oksana Zaharov said.
Woman Goes Absolutely Bonkers After Winning $11.30 In Online Trivia Enjoy one minute and 14 seconds of pure joy.
Someone Auto-Tuned Trump Singing Ed Sheeran's 'Perfect' To Hillary Clinton And it's a little bit creepy.
Internet Trolls Oregonians After Self-Serve Gas Law Takes Effect \Apparently there's an entire state of people in America who are incapable of filling their own car with petrol.\
Crazed Furry Cookie Thief Goes Squirrelly On Cops This body cam video is nuts.
6 Of The Most Bizarre News Stories In 2017 It's tough to believe so much weirdness was crammed into a single year.
Amazon Can't Target People Unable To Spell 'Birkenstock' The sandal maker fears Amazon might sell low-quality counterfeits.
Florida State Park Wants To Hook Some New Mermaids The first rule
Snoop Dogg Teams Up With Jack In The Box For $4.20 Stoner Combo Sadly, the munchie meal will only be available in California for a short time.
Inventive 'Cellograffiti' Takes Street Art Into The Woods This might really scare the bejesus out of hikers.
Barber Accused Of Giving Customer Truly Terrible Haircut The botched trim made the victim look like Larry from the Three Stooges.
Burnt Bagel Forces St. Louis Airport Evacuation On Freezing Night The evacuation was quick but quirky.
Florida Man Accused Of Calling 911 To Gripe About Small Clams Seems pretty shellfish.
Pennsylvania Woman Shocked By $284 Billion Electric Bill \My eyes just about popped out of my head,\ Erie resident Mary Horomanski said.
Man's 'Christmas Vacation' Homage Has Neighbors Calling 911 \u201cMy dad was a big practical joker, so I grew up with that whole kind of sense of humor,\u201d is how Chris Olson explained the dummy.
Florida Man Beats Up ATM For Giving Him Too Much Cash, Police Say Money! It's what he didn't want.
Sketchy Holiday Photos That Might Shatter Your Image Of Christmas Warning
The Christmas Dogs Of Instagram Are Pawsitively Adorable Too cute!
L.A. Goes Bonkers Over Breathtaking 'UFO' Lighting Up The Sky Twitterverse explodes as SpaceX Falcon 9 puts on a gobsmacking light show.
Parents Give Teachers Gift Suggesting Son Drives Them To Drink \Who doesn't need a glass of wine after teaching a kid like mine?\
The Christmas Cats Of Instagram Are Bringing The Holiday Cheer They're purrfect!
Abominable Snowman Busted For DUI After Wreck In Oregon Santa Claus made the arrest.
'Beds Are Just Wireless Chargers For Humans' The 25 most profound \u201cShower Thoughts\u201d on Reddit from the last week.
Older Couple Caught With 60 Pounds Of Pot Said It Was For Holiday Gifts The street value of the Christmas haul was estimated at $336,000.
This Manatee Mailbox Has A Flawless Outfit For Every Occasion It's hard to miss the sea cow's adorable ensembles.
People Think The New World Chess Championship Logo Is 'Pawnographic ' \Putting the 'mate' into checkmate.\
Christmas Rage Room Lets You Wreck The Halls With Holiday Havoc Run, Rudolph, run. No, seriously, they have bats. RUN!
Some Think An Alien Space Probe Just Passed Earth And Deliberately Ignored Us Maybe they took one look at Earth and said, \Nope!\
Warning \ud83e\udd14\ud83e\udd14\ud83e\udd14
100-Foot-Long Joint Is A Big Hit At Massachusetts Pot Fest The jumbo joint contained more than 1,000 grams of weed.
Pentagon Admits Once Running UFO Program, But Not If Truth Is Still Out There Officials won't confirm if the skies are still being watched.
CBS Sports' James Brown Says Porn Vid On His Twitter Isn't His Doing \Obviously my account has been hacked!\ he said on social media.
Mutter Museum To Put Woven Hair Art On Display Next Month Hair art was a popular way of mourning the dead in the 19th century.
This Cat Named D-O-G Helps Train Pups To Be Service Dogs He's the notorious D-O-G.
Watch A Wrecking Ball Destroy A Bunch Of Cars And Get On With Your Life Satisfying, no?
'All Dogs Can Smell Marijuana, But Only A Few Of Them Are Snitches' The 25 most profound \u201cShower Thoughts\u201d on Reddit from the last week.
Sean Spicer Apparently Thinks 'A Christmas Carol' Is A Songbook The book is actually a story by up-and-comer Charles Dickens. Watch the name. He's going places.
British Man Still Using Christmas Lights Purchased 48 Years Ago He says he's yet to change a bulb.
Uber Charges Passenger Over $14,000 For 5-Mile Ride Across Toronto This brings new meaning to the term \driving up the price.\
Jaw-Dropping Video Mashup Shows How Truly Incredible Humans Can Be Set your faces to stun.
Kim Jong Un Posing With Millions Of Spuds Sparks Photo-Editing Battle Hello, Mr. Potato Head!
YouTube Prankster Cements His Own Head Inside A Microwave For Clicks \As funny as this sounds, this young man could quite easily have suffocated or have been seriously injured.\
'Christmas Eyebrows' Are Replacing Ugly Sweaters As The Worst Holiday Trend Tackiness is in the eye of the beholder.
This Student Knows What She'll Be Wearing All Semester. Thanks, Twitter. She thinks that she shall never see a day she's not dressed as a tree.
Someone Got Donald Trump's Face Sculpted Into Their Hair So many questions.
Reddit Goes Nuts Over Duck Scarfing Down Peas This video delivers exactly what it promises.
Santa-Hating Pastor Rants At Children In North Pole Tantrum Someone has just made the naughty list again.
The Texas Prison System Has Some Confusing Logic On What Books Inmates Can Read \Where\u2019s Waldo,\  \Freakonomics\ and a collection of Shakespeare\u2019s sonnets are banned. \Mein Kampf\ is apparently allowed.
Bills Fans Can't Stop Throwing Dildos Onto The Field, Apparently A sex toy appeared on the field again during a Bills-Patriots game.
Hero Firefighter Slides Onto Thin Ice To Rescue Dog Who Fell Through Doggone lucky!
The Last Full Moon Of 2017 Is Going To Be A Supermoon A fittingly dramatic end to the year.
Walmart Yanks T-Shirts That Suggest Lynching Journalists \Rope. Tree. Journalist. Some Assembly Required.\
Waffle House Customer Walks Brazenly Into Kitchen And Cooks Own Meal At 3 AM \u201cI was pretty inebriated.\u201d
Would You Pay $5,000 For Wine And Beer Glasses Made Of Cheese? Our hearts just melted like Gruy\u00e8re.
2 Guys Leap Into A Plane From The Alps In Heart-Stopping Video Wingsuit duo managed to catch their flight.
Photo Editing War Breaks Out Over Kim Jong Un Missile Test Picture President Donald Trump unsurprisingly made a cameo.
We Are All These Dumb Dogs Stuck In A Storm Drain Don't act like it's never happened to you!
Liquid Nitrogen Experiment Almost Goes Horribly Wrong On Live TV That almost ended badly.
People Are At Odds Over This Justin Trudeau 'My Canadian Boyfriend' Calendar \Just be grateful they don't do this for Donnie, too.\
Bad News For Bigfoot? Biologist Says Yetis Are Really Just Bears \You can never for sure prove that there is nothing out there.\
Here's How Not To Bring Home Your Christmas Tree Nope.
Snoozing Woman Gets Hilariously Woken Up In The Middle Of A Classical Concert Here's why you should never doze off at the orchestra.
NASA Golden Record For ETs Soon Available On Vinyl For Earthlings A \story of our world\ for extraterrestrials comes home.
Fairground Lights Get British Town In The Mood, But Maybe Not The Holiday Mood \u201cNothing screams Christmas like a lit-up phallus.\
Woman Yells At Mall Santa, Tells Him, 'You're Not Even Real!' \I heard about it when I was a young kid!\u201d she said. \u201cYou\u2019re not real, man.\u201d
Warning The \Ghostbusters\ theme song is actually playing in the background.
Crushed Crickets Could Make Lots Of Bread For Finnish Baker \I don\u2019t taste the difference ... It tastes like bread,\u201d one consumer said.
You'll See Santa's Butt On A Lot Of Ugly Christmas Sweaters This Year Is Santa's heinie a holiday trend we really want to get behind?
Man Plans To Launch Himself In Homemade Rocket Funded By Flat-Earthers \u201cI don\u2019t believe in science,\u201d said limo driver \Mad\ Mike Hughes.
The Cute And Hilarious Ways People Are Dealing With Holiday Stress This Year \Screaming into festive decorative throw pillows.\
Catholic School Statue Covered Up For Being Too Gross And Weird Umm...
Internet Turns Donald Trump's Turkey Pardoning Into Tremendous Thanksgiving Meme \President Trump didn\u2019t pardon the whole turkey, just the white meat.\
Georgia Dome Demolition Coverage Gets Wrecked In The Best Way Possible Now THAT'S timing.
Vice Explores Whether Donald Trump Would Even Be Good At 3D Chess Remember when everyone thought he was a political genius? ... Yeah.
Santa Claus Gets The Boot From Britain's National Trust Because He's Too American Don't say the 'S' word!
An Italian Stylist Builds A Hair-Raising Automobile \u201cWe shampoo it, we brush it, we trim it,\ she says of her car's locks.
Ivanka Trump's Company Shared Thanksgiving Advice On Twitter. It Did Not Go Over Well. \Wow, even the pumpkins are white.\
People Are Hilariously Reimagining Donald Trump\u2019s Awkward Water Bottle Moment Trump playing the panpipes? Check.
Cocky Navy Pilots Make 'Sky Penises' Over Washington State \You don\u2019t expect to see something like that,\u201d said one observer.
#WeirdThanksgivingTraditions Is The Holiday Hashtag You Never Knew You Needed Give your Thanksgiving a real kick in the bird.
Florida Couple Says They Found Dead Frog In Waffle House Water Glass \What the hell?\ is how the waitress reacted.
Sausage-Roll Jesus Stirs Up An Early Christmas Controversy Offensive... or just some holiday humor?
Cards Against Humanity Is Trying To Stop Trump's Wall By Purchasing Border Land The company said it retained a law firm to make Trump's plan as \time-consuming and expensive\ as possible.
This 6-Foot-5-Inch Teddy Bear Is All Legs And It's Freaking People Out It's unBEARable.
Amazing Video Shows Coconut Crab Killing Bird In Brutal Fashion You probably don't want to see one of these on a dark night.
CFL Players Do Limbo To Celebrate A Touchdown And The Party's On We mean this in the best way
This Streaker In Buffalo Ran For More Yards Than The Bills Did Sign him up! But give him clothes first.
Police Seek Robbers Who Shared Treats With Victims During Heist The bandits have so far dodged their just deserts.
Arnold Schwarzenegger Picture Sends Redditors Into Photo-Editing Overdrive An old image has inspired a new meme.
Walmart Shopper Who Broke His Hip Picking Out A Watermelon Awarded $7.5 Million The Army veteran's life has been completely changed by his injury, his lawyer said.
The Coffee Pouring Puzzle That\u2019s Messing With People\u2019s Minds Can you figure it out?
Lifelike Baby Sculpture In Store Window Is Creeping People Out \That's art?\ said one passerby.
Wingsuit Pilot Rips Through A Giant Sheet Of Paper At 155 MPH You have to see it to believe it.
Driverless Shuttle Gets Hit By A Truck During Its Debut Ride In Las Vegas The human truck driver was cited for the accident. No one was injured.
Swear Bear! People Think There's A Hidden F-Bomb In 'Paddington' Christmas Ad What would Aunt Lucy think?
Guess The Humongous Amount A Canada Goose Can Poop In A Day The answer has some people down in the dumps.
Watch This Magician's Friend Ruin Every Single Trick He Attempts With friends like this, who needs enemies?
Real-Life Iron Man Sets Record For Fastest Time In Jet Suit Richard Browning, a pilot and inventor, admits it will be a while before anyone goes to Walmart in the suit.
Police Department Threatens Criminals With 'Stranger Things' Spoilers One person called the Michigan jail threat \the worst punishment ever.\
Hockey Coach Gives Kids Outrageously Obscene Pep Talk, Gets Canned \F**k their coaches! F**k their wives!\ the coach can be heard telling the children.
Redditors Tweak Melania Trump's Calligraphy To Send Amusing Messages It didn't take long.
Donald Trump Met The 'Pen Pineapple Apple Pen' Guy And There Are Pictures They both couldn't have appeared happier at the encounter.
Michigan Police Troll \u2018Stranger Things\u2019 Fans With Jail Warning Tweet \Some extra motivation for you not to end up there.\
Chunky Raccoon Stuck In Grate Rescued By Local Authorities \u201cIt seems this little guy has been eating a little too well.\
Cockatoos Chewing Up Australia's Broadband Network Polly wants a cable connection?
Charles Barkley Says 'There Is No Such Thing As A Vegetarian' What a meathead.
'Charlie Bit My Finger' Dad Is Shocked His Video Was In Osama Bin Laden's Collection \u201cYou never can tell who has a lighter side,\ the boys' father says.
Luke And Leia 'Fly' A 'Star Wars' Speeder Bike In NYC For Halloween The holiday and space saga are perfect for each other.
Shirtless Goofball In Flag Underwear Invades Field At World Series Who says these colors don't run?
Huge Bearded Seal Blocks Airport Runway In Alaska A sled was called in to help move the 450-pound animal.
This 1936 Firehouse Cat Is Burning Up The Internet Mascot Mickey shows off slick  skills as a pole cat.
Your Halloween Costume Will Never Top This Dog Who Went As A Mop Cleaning never looked so cute.
This 'Alien-Infested' Desert Ranch Can Be All Yours For $5 Million Stardust Ranch's owner said he's tired of fighting off the ETs, which he's caught beaming up his wife.
Afraid Of Clowns? Might Want To Stay Clear Of Burger King On Halloween The fast-food giant is giving free Whoppers to people dressed like clowns at some locations.
Thousands Plan To Mark Donald Trump\u2019s Election Anniversary In A Cathartic Way \ud83d\ude31\ud83d\ude31\ud83d\ude31
Zookeepers Hope Sex Will Stop Panda's 'Backwards' Behavior Experts say Meng Meng is walking backwards as a protest against things she dislikes.
Man Gets $117 Traffic Ticket After Singing '90s Dance Hit In Car Police reportedly ticketed Taofik Moalla for screaming.
Some Guy Secretly Edited Pennywise Into His Sister's Engagement Pics Brilliantly terrifying. Terrifyingly brilliant.
Runner Wins Venice Marathon After Rivals Make Wrong Turn Eyob Faniel became the first Italian to win the race in 22 years.
Some Truly Excellent Costumes From NYC's Famous Halloween Dog Parade Hundreds of very good dogs gathered to strut their stuff.
Strudel The Obese Dog's Fitness Journey Is Nothing Short Of Inspiring The \gentle giant's\ progress has made her a \miracle of a pup,\ her foster mom says.
Donald Trump Jr. Just Shared The Weirdest Picture Of His Dad \Alt-right porn is so weird.\
Someone Just Gave Donald Trump A Full-Moon Salute A man in Washington got cheeky with the president.
It's The Great Trump Pumpkins, Charlie Brown Creative Americans (and even Scots) are scaring up their Halloween Donalds.
'Geostorm' Taxi Prank Will Make Your Blood Run Cold \What the hell?\
The First Cat In Space May Finally Get The Recognition She Deserves Currently, she's a UFO
Ivanka Trump Claims She Had A 'Punk Phase,' But Folks Online Aren't Buying It \Ripped a fishnet stocking while getting out of the limo.\
Jim Bakker Says God Will Punish You For Making Fun Of Him \I warned you but you didn\u2019t listen.\
Hamburger Helper Reveals What's Inside The Glove, And It's Freaking People Out Mystery solved.
New York Police Wrangle Bull Wandering In Brooklyn Park Un-bull-lievable!
Brooklyn Superhero Store Offers Only The Best Superhero Supplies There's a wind machine so aspiring Avengers can test their capes before purchase.
Tim Hortons Does Unthinkable, Creates Buffalo Sauce-Flavored Latte No, please no. For the love of God, noooooooo!
Creationist Ken Ham Wants To Make Sure Kids Have The Crappiest Halloween Ever Or...how to have the least popular house on the block.
Switzerland Flushes Away Millions In Gold And Silver Every Year That slams the lid on this story.
'Star Wars' Porg Inspires Most Adorable 'Photoshop Battle' Yet Awwwww.
Wanted Man He also promised to bring a dozen doughnuts.
Halloween Costumes Could Give You Head Lice Oh, boo.
Airplane's Terrifying Landing May Put You Off Flying For Good Afraid of flying? Then it may be best to look away now.
Developers Pull Plug On Racist 'Dirty Chinese Restaurant' Video Game The developers said they would like to make \a sincere and formal apology to the Chinese community.\
Researchers Claim They've Found The Secret Tomb Of St. Nicholas No, it's not at the North Pole.
George Foreman Just Challenged Steven Seagal To A No-Holds-Barred Fight \u201cI use boxing you can use whatever.\
Boy Swallows Piece Of Pet Toy And Can't Stop Squeaking Honk!
Model Awaits Surgery After Eyeball Tattoo Goes Extremely Wrong She said she thought she could trust the artist to do the procedure properly.
Canadian Couple Ends Epic Custody Battle Over Hockey Tickets Beverly and Donald McLeod say goodbye to a 35-year marriage and hello to a split on the Oilers tickets.
Man Dressed As Coke Bottle Robs Kentucky Restaurant Hopefully, the investigation won't fizzle out.
Woman Goes On Rant Over Veteran's Service Dog In Restaurant The woman in the video says she doesn't regret how vocal she was.
Redditors Have Fun And Games With Photo Of Kim Jong Un Inspecting A Bag These will never get old.
Gutsy Raccoon Gives New Meaning To 'Police Ride-Along' An officer was \pawsitively surprised\ when the critter hitched a patrol car ride.
Dog Hoards Money So She Can Pay For Treats Herself She's making her way in a dog-eat-dog world.
Kim Jong Un Insulted Donald Trump And Taught America A New Word At The Same Time Here's what \dotard\ means.
Man Tries To Facebook-Shame Police For Bad Parking. It Hilariously Backfires. Officers in Scotland had the last laugh.
Stowaway Koala Survives 10-Mile Ride Hidden Behind Car's Wheel \u201cShe was crying a little bit. She was a little bit shaken.\
Tweeters School Donald Trump Over Tom Cruise 'Top Gun' Speech Gaffe \So I guess Trump's speechwriter forgot to mention that 'Top Gun' is a Navy movie?\
Blood Leaks Onto Road From Funeral Home Like A Scene From A Horror Movie A blocked storage tank line caused the gruesome sight.
Arkansas Woman Used Government Funds To Buy Her Dog A Tuxedo The tuxedo-clad pug may be the cutest accessory to a crime ever.
Twitterverse Trolls iPhone X's New Security Feature With Arya Stark Jokes \A girl can unlock any iPhone X in the world.\
This Traveling Cat Circus Has Helped Save More Than 200 Feline Lives Like you needed another reason to love The Amazing Acro-Cats.
Nearly A Dozen Sharks Found Swimming In New York Home's Basement The sharks included the sandbar variety, a protected species.
Red Balloons Are Popping Up On Storm Grates Ahead Of 'It' Movie Police said they were \terrified\ while removing them.
Mummified Dog And Other Oddities 'Shatter Your Senses' In New Ripley's Book The newest Ripley's book pictures the weirdest world possible.
Prost! German Beats His Own World Record For Carrying Beer Steins Oliver Struempfuel said he has spent 200 hours training for 40 seconds of walking.
Mexico Smashes World Record With 3-Ton Guacamole It's a dip into greatness.
'My Hands Are Too Big,' Says President With Smaller-Than-Average Hands While at a Houston shelter, President Donald Trump took a moment to bring up his favorite subject
Cyclist Shows Off For Google's Street View Camera, Becomes Online Hero \Name this street after him.\
Texas Man Returns To Flood-Hit Home, Finds Terrifying Intruder Inside Brian Foster discovered his surprise guest under his dining table.
Heroes On Jet Skis Rescue Trapped Elderly Couple From Texas Floods And it all started with a call to Chick-fil-A.
A Blue Fuzzy Fighter Stole The Spotlight Before Mayweather-McGregor Fight Let the Cookie Monster jokes commence.
'Harvey The Hurricane Hawk' Hunkers Down With Cabbie During Storm \u201cHe just kind of hopped on in and doesn\u2019t want to leave. I\u2019m not sure what to make of it,\u201d the driver said.
Resourceful Dog Walks Away With Bag Of Dog Food After Hurricane Harvey \Must be a Texas dog cause he can survive without help,\ one person said.
Lecturer Dons \u2018Iron Man\u2019 Mask And Becomes His Students' Superhero He's an \awesome lecturer for considering our feelings,\ said one student.
Psychic Helps Sniff Out Missing Pet Skunk If our skunk went missing, we'd raise a stink too.
This Weatherman\u2019s Reaction To The Eclipse Was So Amazingly Pure Find someone who looks at you the way this man looked at the eclipse.
Christian Radio Host Bryan Fischer \u201cThis is a metaphor, or a sign, of the work of the Prince of Darkness in obscuring the light of God\u2019s truth.\
Venezuelan Thieves Stealing Zoo Animals For Food, Police Say The thefts may be associated with chronic food shortages in the country.
OkCupid Bans White Supremacist, Says 'No Room For Hate' On Site Love is hard to find when you're hateful.
76-Year-Old Hunk Wins Brazilian Beauty Pageant The winner says, \When you\u2019re as old as I am, it\u2019s an achievement.\u201d
PRO TIP This is hair-raising news!
2-Year-Old Adorably Mangles \u2018The Star-Spangled Banner' She's got us feeling patriotic.
Little Leaguer Hits A Ruthian Blast That You Must See To Believe \It's in the trees.\
Salty Dogs Hang Ten In Gnarly Annual Surfing Championship Surfs up, bitches! \ud83d\udc3e
Vladimir Putin's Bare-Chested Vacation Snap Becomes Summer's Best Meme Of course Donald Trump makes an appearance.
Indonesia Deploys Soldiers To Protect Against Marauding Monkeys Wonder if they will use gorilla warfare.
Highway Sign Hacked To Show Crude Message About Donald Trump He's not going to like this one.
This NASA Job Listing Seeks Help Protecting The Earth From Aliens The role of Planetary Protection Officer features a six-digit salary -- and likely some pretty sweet business cards.
With Priebus Out, Tweeters Think Trump Is Just Copying 'Game Of Thrones' Now \Can't believe Joffrey killed off Reince Priebus.\
Memo To The Twitterverse, You're Tweeting At The Wrong John Kelly \u201cMy Twitter avatar should be a hint that I am not THAT John Kelly,\ said the other Kelly, who is definitely NOT the new White House chief of staff.
Woman Calls 911 With Boa Constrictor Wrapped Around Her Neck \I\u2019ve never heard of this before,\ the dispatcher said.
Outback Steakhouse At The Center Of Bizarre Conspiracy Theory One Twitter user noticed something creepy about the restaurant's locations.
Woman Hit In Face With Slug Reacts Just As You'd Expect It\u2019s all fun and games until someone gets slugged.
Twitter Is Already Trolling Communications Director Anthony Scaramucci Social media users are welcoming him to the job with their own inspiring quotes.
Steve The Missing Russian Tortoise Found After 3 Years As A Renegade Steve went missing in 2014, and turned up just a mile from his old home.
McDonald's Giving 'Rick And Morty' Creator A Jug Of Szechuan Sauce Hope the discontinued McNugget dip lives up to a 20-year craving.
The Internet Is In Love With This Enormous 'Stray' Cat Named Mr. Handsome At 31.4 pounds, he'll need to go on a diet when he's adopted.
Family Awakened By 15 Pounds Of Sausage Crashing Onto Roof The night is dark and full of wieners.
Dazzling Photos Show Northern Lights Shimmering Over U.S. And Canada A geomagnetic storm was responsible for the beautiful night sky display.
Australian Sets Freakishly Fast Rubik's Cube Records At World Championship And we're still trying to solve the original at all.
Male Tennis Fan Dons Skirt To Play Wimbledon Women After Shouting Advice The father of three hilariously accepted the invite by Belgium's four-time Grand Slam winner Kim Clijsters.
Redditors Splendidly Spoof Snap Of Bill Clinton Hiding Between The Bushes Donald Trump between two Vladimir Putins? Check.
Love Was Literally In The Air For This Kissing Skydiving Couple They locked lips for over half an hour while flying inside a wind tunnel.
Ravens Are Ridiculously Smart, Seem To Be Able To Plan For The Future Respect the raven.
Vegan Activists Confront Family Fishing For Dinner At Florida Lake The protesters grabbed a flopping tilapia and threw it back in the water.
Presenting Because the current political climate is basically begging us to  get weird.
Redditors Hilariously Reimagine Donald Trump's G-20 Meeting With Vladimir Putin Taking afternoon tea? Check.
Weed Has Been Legal In Nevada For A Week And It's Already Running Out The state may adopt an emergency regulation to alleviate the shortage.
People Are Very Impressed With This Stag Beetle Who Creates Art Spike has the soul of an artist.
This Professional Marathoner Outran 2 Bears, But You Should Not Try This The runner says he panicked, but he luckily made it.
Praying Mantises Are Killing Birds And Eating Their Brains Worldwide Mostly hummingbirds, based on the documented cases.
Woman Dials Up The Sexiness With Boudoir Shoot In A T-Rex Costume \We tried to do a picture of her pulling the robe off her shoulder but her arms weren\u2019t long enough.\u201d
Joey Chestnut Sets New Record At Nathan\u2019s Hot Dog Eating Contest The defending men\u2019s championship winner wolfed down 72 dogs -- 12 more than the second-place finisher.
Bizarre Video Shows Runaway Toilets Chasing People During Storm \u201cEven the toilets are fleeing from the bloody regime,\ one Twitter user wrote in Russian.
Self-Driving Car Technology Foiled By Kangaroos Volvo says hopping throws off the vehicles' animal detection system.
There's Actually A Wrestling Villain Called 'The Progressive Liberal' \It's not like I'm pretending to be something I'm not.\
Twitter Went Nuts Over This Sea Creature That Looks Like A Penis Anyone up for a deep sea expedition?
There Was A Fancy Masquerade Ball For Dogs And It Did Not Disappoint These dogs know a good ball when they see one.
Why Is Popping Bubble Wrap So Satisfying? We\u2019ve all popped bubble wrap and felt that deep sense of relief and satisfaction that comes with it. But have you ever wondered
'Holy S***!' The encounter left two men bloodied -- but not because of the shark.
This British Pundit Just Ate A Book On TV Because This Year Isn't Weird Enough The Labour Party won big and Matthew Goodwin is a man of his word.
Flock Of Geese Poops On Disneyland Party Hazmat crews attended the theme park after 17 visitors were struck with fecal matter.
Watch This Spider Crawl Out Of A Woman\u2019s Ear, And Try Not To Wince The eight-legged squatter was filmed calmly crawling out after being exposed with a light.
Sarah Huckabee Sanders' Emoji-Filled Tweet Brings Joy And Confusion At least we could pronounce covfefe.
Irish Nun Shows Off Silky Soccer Skills In Heavenly Kickabout With Cop Watch out Cristiano Ronaldo!
High Schoolers Are Celebrating The End Of School With Epic Paper Tosses Some students \surfed\ down the mountains of paper.
British Soldier Runs 'A Whey' With Cheese Rolling Championship The cheeses can reach speeds of 70 mph.
Minor Leaguer Strikes Out In The Weirdest Way Imaginable Something new at the ol' ballgame.
The Internet Mourns One-Year Anniversary of Harambe's Death R.I.P. Harambe
Navy SEAL Killed When Parachute Doesn't Open In Fleet Week Demo Navy SEALs \lost a true patriot today.\
Watch Dogs Play In The Mud Because It's Too Darn Fun To Ignore Good bog!
People Think Ivanka Trump's Memorial Day Popsicles Are Insensitive Let's commemorate the lives of fallen soldiers with...champagne popsicles?
Burger King's 'Who Is The King?' Vote Reportedly Angers Belgian Royal The advertising campaign playfully challenges King Philippe's reign as the company plans to expand abroad.
Reporter's Reaction To 'Guardians Of The Galaxy' Ride Is A Joy To Behold \This was not a good idea.\
Californian Sues Jelly Belly Over Sugar-Packed Jelly Beans Jelly beans have sugar, but the woman claims the company was wrong to label it as \evaporated cane juice.\
Trump Touched A Glowing Orb In Saudi Arabia And Folks Found It Just A Bit Odd \Not googling this and just assuming Trump has gone full Saruman evil wizard.\
Soon There Will Be A 'Rat Cafe' Where You Can Dine Among Rodent Pals Give rats a chance!
Coffee Shop Customer Delivers \u2018Obnoxious\u2019 Table Neighbors A Delicious Lesson \I could see the waiters were really annoyed but you know with a job on the line they can\u2019t do much.\
People Think They\u2019ve Found Topless Pics Of Hunky South Korean Presidential Bodyguard The internet did some sleuthing. Now, everyone's convinced these are Choi Young-jae's abs.
QB Aaron Rodgers' Retweet Gets Iowa Teens Out Of Final Exam The Green Bay Packer either has a soft spot for students or a hatred of tests.
You Can Get Trump's Voice On Your GPS Now Because We're All Masochists Get to your destination. Bigly.
101-Year-Old Sets Record As World's Oldest Skydiver \u201cI\u2019d do it again tomorrow,\ he said.
Donald Trump Tweeted 'We' And Started A Movement In the world of memes, two letters can be very powerful.
South Korea Has A New President, But His Hot Bodyguard Is Stealing The Show President Moon Jae-in's bodyguard might need his own bodyguard.
This Talented Therapy Pig Is Bringing Joy And Oinks To Seniors \It is as if she just knows that they need her.\
Creepy Laughing Clown Doll Scares Bear Out Of Stealing Trash Be honest, it would terrify you too.
Neighborhood Full Of Million-Dollar Homes Is Now An Eerie Ghost Town It\u2019s quiet here. I mean really quiet. There\u2019s a dead silence here that rattles the soul. It feels as though the world has
Psychedelic Video Explains The History Of The Entire World In Under 20 Minutes From the creation of the universe to the invention of the internet.
115-Pound Teen Catches A 835-Pound Tuna -- And That's No Fish Tale \I'll put him up against any adult angler,\ his dad says.
Man Leaping Onto 1,000 Mousetraps Is Seriously Painful To Watch \ud83d\ude2c\ud83d\ude2c\ud83d\ude2c
Visual Effects Artist Creates Breathtaking Trailer To Sell His Old Car \Still here, still smart, still trendy, still sexy.\
France\u2019s New President Is Making Everyone Super Hungry Macarons. Mmmm.
Cat Gets Stuck In A Plastic Bag And All Hell Breaks Loose \Plastic bags aren't to be toyed with,\ the cat and his owner concluded.
A Glitch On Donald Trump's Website Lets You Put Words Into His Mouth The bug allows people to create their own fake URLs.
Son's Photo-Swap Prank Makes Kim Jong Un Part Of The Family His mom didn't notice until the prank went viral.
'Lost Beach' That Vanished More Than 30 Years Ago Suddenly Reappears Storms had washed away Dooagh beach in 1984.
Biker Suddenly Reminded That This Forest Belongs To The Bears Pedal for your lives!
Water Bucket Cam Is The Soothing New Viral Sensation The clip of animals drinking has more than 1 million views.
Badass 10-Year-Old Pries Open Gator\u2019s Jaws To Free Her Leg \u201cTo get an animal with the strongest bite on the planet to let go of you is a miracle,\u201d a alligator expert said.
Elon Musk Tweeted About Naming His New Boring Machine. You Know What Went Down. Bory McBoreface, anyone?
Scientists Record Deer Gnawing On Human Remains For The First Time Today in \signs of the impending apocalypse.\
A Photoshopped Picture Of Donald Trump Is Freaking Everyone Out \ud83e\udd14\ud83e\udd14\ud83e\udd14
Man Allegedly Shoots Squirrel With Bow And Arrow For 'Giving Him A Look' \I took it personal,\u201d he said, according to a criminal complaint.
ESPN Reporter Michael Eaves Chokes On A Bug, But The Show Goes On Because insects don't care if you're on live national television.
Men In Suits Crash A Pikachu Dance And Brutally Drag The Weakest One Away Apparently it was time to cull the herd.
A Real, Functional Banana Phone Is Coming Soon You may look questionable while using it, but who cares!
Like Father, Like Daughter -- At Least Where Tongues Are Concerned Tongues are wagging about this family.
Watch Florida Kicker Eddy Pineiro Boot An 81-Yard Field Goal (Seriously) \No excuses!\
Joe Walsh Tweets About Jimmy Kimmel's 'Sad Story,' Gets Ripped Apart Twitter couldn't help but remind the former congressman about his \deadbeat dad\ status.
Hot Glue Gun Triggers 4-Hour Lockdown At Colgate University Some on campus called it an \overreaction\ because the student with the glue gun is black.
Justin Trudeau Wore A Firefighter Jacket And Twitter Users Now Need Hosing Down \Magic Mike 3 needs to feature Justin Trudeau in a firefighter jacket & jeans.\
Woman Opens Mailbox, Finds Adorable But Heartbreaking Surprise Rosita the guinea pig is in good hands now.
Ultra-Chill Jimmy John's Employee Takes Sweet Time During Armed Robbery He said he wasn't scared and the robbery felt like \amateur hour.\
Know Why Bud Ice Was Weird News This Week? Take The Fark Weird News Quiz How well do you know your weird news?
Sports Fan Videobombs Live TV Interview With Delicious Dr. Evil Impression This must be worth at least ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
Water Skier Smacked In Crotch By Flying Fish (You'll Feel It, Too) This will leave you REELing.
Astronaut Demonstrates How He Makes A PB&J Sandwich In Space When you're on the International Space Station, floating jars of peanut butter can be a job hazard.
Trump Has A Red Desk Button, But It Doesn't Do What You'd Expect Here's hoping he doesn't confuse this red button with any other red button.
What Do Blind People Dream? Every single human being on this planet dreams (even some mammals too). And while there are tons of people who can\u2019t remember
Dude Tumbles Down Stairs And Into Prom Fail History His back hurt all night but he \manned up.\
Bowler Rolls Perfect Game So Fast You Won't Believe It Don't blink.
Physicist Helen Czerski Sinks Bermuda Triangle Theory Nope. Not methane bubbles.
Iceberg Stops By Canadian Town, Just To Chill \It\u2019s the biggest one I ever seen around here.\u201d
Watch A Woman Get High 100 Ways For 4/20 Damn, she smoked a leek!
Alleged Fake Architect Newman Indicted In 'Operation Vandelay Industries' Newman!
Snake With Serious Case Of Road Rage Tries To Attack Motorcyclist So rude.
9-Foot-Long Gator Plays Easter Bunny, Dropping Into Family's Home \u201cHe was perfectly happy. He would have stayed for however long,\u201d the surprised homeowner said.
Bernie Sanders Spoke From A Ben & Jerry's Tub Podium And Twitter Users Couldn't Cope \When we stand up out of a big tub of ice cream and surprise the whole party, we can.\
Hydraulic Press Obliterating A Furby Will Give \u201990s Kids Nightmares Ouch!
April The Giraffe Finally Gives Birth It's a boy!
Everyone Is Confused By This Student's Prom Proposal Sign It will all make sense in the end, we promise.
Just A Video Of Some Police Officers Chasing A Pig \The jokes just write themselves.\
Engineering Students Create 1,500-Pound Rubik's Cube Even the most accomplished cuber will need at least an hour to do this one.
If Politics Have You Feelin' Down, Grab A 'Fake News Ale' As if we needed another reason to move to Canada...
10-Year-Old's Pet Goat Saves Her Entire Family From Dying As lifesavers go, this one's not ba-a-ad.
An iPhone Turned Up In This Guy's Subaru Dashboard, Prompting The Most Entertaining Internet Mystery Of All Time Buckle up.
These Panda Diplomats Are Starting A New Life Halfway Around The World And they'll be enjoying it on a $7 million compound.
The Apocalypse May Be Nigh, But Zombies Still Have To Date Find your zomBAE via the #ZombiePersonalAds.
Dudes Rock Out To Rage Against The Machine On Children's Toys Spiderman drum set is the stuff of legends.
Cops Rush Over To 'Collapsed Man,' Find Something Very Different Indeed The snappy discovery is causing quite a stir.
That Chicken Nugget Tweet Is On Course To Become The Most Retweeted Of All Time Ellen DeGeneres may be about to lose her crown.
Dog Opens Doors And Escapes Animal Hospital Like Nobody's Business \He\u2019s a little Houdini.\u201d
It Took Thieves 30 Seconds To Crash Truck Into Store, Grab Guns And Leave Police responded within a minute and still missed them.
'You Carry On, We Carry Off' \We have an offer you can't refuse. No really.\
Couple Say They're Bugged Out By Live Scorpion In Supermarket Spinach Bag This is what we get for eating our vegetables.
Ice Cream Is Going To The Dogs In Mexico City The ice cream is safe for both dogs and humans.
Watch This Cat Lose Its Mind After Faced With An Optical Illusion Apparently what cannot be understood must be destroyed.
Romantic Beau Charged With Criminal Mischief After Spray-Painting Proposal On City Building She said \yes\ and cops read him his rights.
Man 'Dumbfounded' After Learning His Snake Can't Just Chill In Park \They're not going to run away,\ says man who omits that snakes can still slither.
Bird Slams Into Man's Face In Bloody Roller Coaster Accident That probably hurt.
Subway Doors Trap Woman By The Neck And Observers' Reaction May Surprise You She was reportedly uninjured.
Horse Rescued After Falling Into Hole On The Way Home From Taco Bell Luckily, the horse suffered only minor injuries.
Flying Mattress Strikes Biker At 50 MPH, Cushions His Fall \I thought I was a goner for sure.\
I'm Enraged By Peeps On Pizza And You Should Be Too Down with Peepza!!!
Find Fozzie Bear 'In Da Club' For This Wonderful 50 Cent Mashup Warning
This Baby Is A Cat Toy Now A very expensive cat toy.
Chimp Hurls Feces At Zoo's Crowd, Nails Grandma Right In The Face \It got Grandma!\
Dunkin' Donuts Franchise Owners Reportedly Settle After Serving Man Fake Butter \u201cThe main point of the lawsuit is to stop the practice of representing one thing and selling a different thing,\u201d the man's lawyer said.
Super-Long Cheeto Worms Its Way Into Our Dreams (Or Nightmares) As the saying goes, Cheetos never win.
People Are In Love With This Video Of Cats Ringing Bells For Treats Because how could anyone not be?
Firefighters Dodge, Duck, Dip, Dive And Dodge In Full Gear For Training \ud83d\udea8 Dodgeball alert \ud83d\udea8
YouTube's Favorite Madman Just Built A Bumper Car That Can Hit 100MPH The Stig set a world record in the speedy machine.
15 Weirdest Things That People Have Left Behind In An Uber A bulletproof vest?!?
Woman Licks World Record For Stopping Fan Blades With Tongue She has a big fan base.
Drugged-Up Dog's Blissful Post-Surgery Smile Melts All Our Hearts #TooCute.
School Nixes Teen\u2019s Dream Of Giving Grandma Prom She Never Had The teen says the school feared Nanny might bring alcohol.
Candy Melts And Unmelts In A Symphony Of Sweet Surrender Thankfully, the chocolate Easter Bunny gets resurrected.
Donald Trump Tweet-Burning Robot Sets The Internet On Fire \ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25
Stretch Armstrong Takes On A Hydraulic Press And Meets His Match It turned into a game of squash.
Watch A Teen Break 111 Concrete Blocks With His Head He isn\u2019t just another hard-headed teenager.
Food Stall Owner Shoves Flaming Hot Dishes In Customers' Mouths Well, that's one way to guarantee the food is hot.
Watch A Monster Truck Do What It's Never Done Before In Competition History.
Airline Passengers Get A Spectacular Show Flying Through Southern Lights \We didn't want to have issues with people fighting about who sits next to the window.\
Know Why A Man Shoved His Head Into A Computer? Take The Fark Weird News Quiz The best news quiz you'll do this week.
Nothing Better Than A (Relatively) Fast Tortoise Playing Ball You deserve this.
Very Good Police Dog Nabs 3 Suspects In 90 Minutes Achieving the \rare K9 hat-trick.\
Let This Spectacular Video Take You On A Virtual Flight Over Mars Too bad Trivago doesn\u2019t list hotels on the Red Planet ... yet.
Playful Dog Hilariously Joins World Cup Ski Race Skiing with dogs should become an Olympic sport immediately.
Teen Admits He Jumped Into Crocodile-Infested River To Impress Girl \u201cThere was a lot of blood. A lot of bone. It was just pretty horrendous.\u201d
Zoo Sues Studio For Traumatizing Raccoon Used In 'Erotic' Ad Officials thought little Tomas was going to help plug sheets on TV.
Moose Mounts Metal Statue, Finds Out It's A Little Rusty Talk about tough love.
New York Surfer Stranded In Blizzard Asks News Crew For A Ride Because a nor'easter is the best time to hit the beach.
Amtrak Train Slams Commuters With An Avalanche Of Snow This blizzard flew off the rails.
Oh, No!!! Watch Mr. Bill, Gumby And Pokey Get Buried In Blizzard Time Lapse Nearly two feet of snow fell.
A Highly Venomous Cobra May Be Slithering Around A Florida Neighborhood The two-foot-long pet has been missing since Monday night.
Someone Keeps Stashing Bottles Of Steak Sauce Around An Ohio Library Thirty and counting.
Watermelon + 20,000 Volts = One Messy Pink Slushie An innocent fruit gets electrocuted.
What 5 Days Of Wind And Freezing Temps Along Lake Ontario Can Do There's a real home beneath all that ice.
Britain's Quidditch Cup Just 'Organized Chaos,' Players Say It's basically a mix of rugby, dodgeball with a little bit of handball.
Tumbling Jack Russell Wins Hearts After Hilariously Bad Dog Show Run \u201cOh, what a nose dive! And he couldn\u2019t care less,\u201d the announcer said.
Watch These Atlanta Anchors Do The News With Biggie Lyrics \Fred, I know you thought birthdays were the worst days.\
Man 'Bursting Out Of His Pants' Arrested For Cocaine Smuggling At Airport \His pants appeared to be rather snug,\ officials said.
Wild Truck Water-Bead Stunt Ends With Child Endangerment Charge Prank featured 8-year-old YouTube \star\ Rocco Piazza, filmed by his mom.
Of Course The Professor Crashed By Kids On Live TV Is Now An Amazing Meme \Each time there is something new to laugh at.\
UFOs In The Clouds -- Lenticular Clouds, That Is -- Fire Our Imaginations Of Alien Visitors Some cloud formations actually look like alleged alien motherships.
Man Attempts Guinness Glory By Climbing Stairs On His Head Someone has a truly numb skull.
Canadian Town Says There\u2019s No Reason To Worry About Bright Pink Water Just a little potassium permanganate, y'all.
Man Proposes To Girlfriend On Romantic Plane Ride, Immediately Throws Up They promise to love each other in motion sickness and health.
Chilling Video Shows Good Samaritans Saving Elderly Woman From Oncoming Train \u201cThese two individuals, angels themselves without a doubt, saved her from a near disaster,\u201d police said.
Photoshop Battle Over Scooby Doo-Like Dog Jumping For A Toy Is A Breed Apart Warning
This Mustachioed Pup Just Joined A Franciscan Monastery Welcome to the brotherhood, Friar Bigot\u00f3n. \ud83d\udc3e
Lawyer's Pants Catch On Fire During Arson Trial You make the jokes.
Woman Trains Parrot To Say Birdbrained Catchphrase \u2018Cash Me Ousside' \Polly wants another meme! RAWK!\
Looking For The Perfect Gift? Here's Where You Can Find A Jeweled Victorian Gas Mask. A Brooklyn flea market specializes in truly weird oddities.
Watch Cop's Extremely Lucky Escape As Car Slams Into Gas Station Try not to wince at this terrifyingly close call.
Gunslinging Woman Chases Drone After It Starts Filming Her Home Was the drone violating her privacy?
Diner Appears To Put Hair In Own Food Before Writing Bad TripAdvisor Review \u201cWe all have short dark trimmed hair, and this was a strand of dirty blonde curly hair,\ the restaurant's co-owner said.
'What A Sight!' Gator Stuns Golfers With Its Big Catch The fish was nearly half the alligator's size.
People Are Pretty Much Convinced This Confiscated Gun Came From A Time Traveler \u201cThis is the first gun you have access to in Grand Theft Auto
You, Yes YOU, Can Name This Adorable Baby Otter You otter know about this zoo contest.
Cops Save Newborn Squirrel From Street, Reunite It With Its Mom \Not what you normally find on burglary patrols!\
Know What Cats Do Better Than Dogs? Take The Fark Weird News Quiz Post your score!
Rejected! Youth Basketball Coach Appears To Block Own Player's Shot In A Game Sports mentoring may have just hit a new low.
Eagle Armed With A GoPro Hunts A Fox, And It's Intense You don't want to be a fox when a golden eagle's around.
This Jesus Needs A Minor Miracle To Ride An Escalator Mind the cross.
New Jersey Town Runs Out Of Geese To Gas We've all been there.
Mothaf**kin' Mouse On A Mothaf**kin' Plane Delays Flight For 4 Hours Snakes on this plane might actually have addressed the mouse problem.
This Denny's Tweet Will Take You On A Wild Philosophical Ride. No, Really. Oh, Denny's Twitter, what devilish mastermind controls you?!
Watch These Hero Humans Rescue Shark Tangled Up In Fishing Line Swim free, little buddy.
Guy Allegedly Poses As Nickelback Member To Get Some Sick Drum Equipment Can someone remind him of who he really is?
Chef Flips Pancakes Into Amazing Portraits Of Pets And Pokemon He's the pancake Picasso!
Watch A Firefighter Bust Through An Icy Lake To Save Trapped Dog Maggie the dog is OK now.
Tortoise Takes In Baby Bunny On Cold Night, Begins Beautiful Friendship The big reptile appears to have bonded with the tiny injured bunny.
Kung Fu Master With Iron Crotch Is One Ballsy Martial Artist It supposedly cures erectile dysfunction, but forgive our skepticism.
Teen Engineers Build Robot Arm To Rescue Puppy Trapped In Well The pup has begun training as a fire company rescue dog.
Pumped-Up Florida Deputy Drives Off With Gas Station Souvenir What a gas.
Japanese Bald Men Celebrate With Cueball Competition The main event is a version of tug-a-war with suction cups attached to each skull.
Badass Squirrel Is The Superhero That America Needs Right Now Introducing... the nut champion.
Musician Accused Of Getting Onstage Enema During Cancer Benefit The enema artist insists it was protein shake, not poop that covered the stage.
Someone Just Bought Hitler's Personal Phone For $243,000 A porcelain dog likely made by Nazi prisoners was also on the auction block.
Watch This Heroic Waitress Drag A Monster Goanna Lizard From Restaurant \I looked at it and thought it was a dog at first!\
Escaped Bull Dies After Leading Police Chase Through NYC A farm animal sanctuary had hoped to take him in.
Texans Shouldn't Use Chilean Flag Emoji To Talk About Their State, Lawmaker Says Confusing it for the Texas state flag makes some people \ud83d\ude22.
Roadside Cafe Gets Swamped With Diners After Mistakenly Given Michelin Star \u201cSuddenly, we were rushed off our feet,\u201d the owner said following the ratings mixup.
13-Year-Old 'Spider Boy' Breaks World Contortion Record Could you dance around your head 38 times in a minute?
WATCH Incredibly, no one was injured.
Rats Beware \BYE BITCH.\
Breaking Abandoned at the station, this dog now basically runs the place.
Raccoon Hitches 7-Mile Ride On Trash Truck, Evades Police Capture The little bandit apparently escaped unharmed.
Army Command Post Issues Memo Banning Nickelback Music Fans of the band will just have to soldier on.
Woolly Mammoth Could Be 'De-Extinct' In 2 Years, Scientist Says The plan is to create a woolly mammoth-elephant hybrid.
Spider vs. Snake Is All Your Worst Phobias In One Horrible Video This happened in Australia. Of course.
Pop-Up 'Star Trek' Theater Livens Up A London Tube Ride Going boldly where few actors have gone before
Now Sean Spicer Can Butcher Your Name, Too! \Spicer-ize\ your name with the help of the Sydney Morning Herald.
Paws Everything. Iceland Is Running A 'Big Brother' For Kittens. It's kittens all day, everyday, without all the cat hair.
This Animation Perfectly Captures The Weirdness Of Donald Trump\u2019s Handshake So bizarre.
Here's The Real Reason Why A Toilet Is Called A Crapper Hush your potty mouth. It's not what you think.
The Internet Wants To Know Where Trump Buys His Drugs \Can anybody point me in the direction of where drugs are cheaper than candy bars?\
So Long, Thimble Do not pass go. Do not collect $200.
Teen Edits Band's Wikipedia Page To Bluff His Way Into VIP Section Genius!
Quick-Thinking Cop Rams Blazing Truck Away From Fast Food Drive-Thru \It was just a God-send that I was here at that particular time.\
This Golden Retriever Has An Adorable Obsession Good girl!
Hitler 'Doppleganger' Busted in Austria The Nazi faker gets goose-stepped right to jail.
Atlanta Zoo Loses Super Bowl Bet, Names Cockroach After Tom Brady He\u2019s got some big shoes to fill.
Man Hammers 38 Nails With His Skull In Pursuit Of World Record His skull is more than twice as thick as the average human's -- and probably three times as numb.
'Relieved' Family Writes Scathing Obituary For 'Evil' Father \Evil does in fact die.\
Animal Shelter's Version Of 'The Bachelor' Is Way Better Than The Real Thing There's fierce competition for the affection of Stewart the dog.
Orange 'Trump-A-Gator' Spotted In South Carolina Pond He's making America \gate\ again.
Cop Responds To 911 Fight Call, Ends Up In Epic Dance-Off \u201cI was like, OK, this guy can move.\
Know Why The Handwriting Is On The Wall In Arizona? Take The Fark Weird News Quiz The weirdest news quiz around.
Incredibly Daring Man Swims To Hawaii's Lava With A Selfie Stick What could go wrong? (Hint
Police Allege Restaurant Lets Employees Spit In Cops' Food The owner insists no one has ever spit in anyone's food.
Stock Photos Try To Solve The Mysteries Of Love, But Hilariously Fail Who needs \u201cexperts\u201d when we have stock photos?
Seeing Hundreds Of Students Lob Snowballs At Each Other Will Give You A Warm Glow Epic!
Samsung Plant Catches Fire Because Of -- You Guessed It -- Batteries The fire broke out in an area used to store faulty batteries and other waste products, the company said.
Fashion-Forward Pigeon Sports Bread Necklace In Bold Style Choice You'll be wearing this accessory soon, trust us.
Man Allegedly Asks Girl Scouts To Trade Vodka For Cookies Bartering booze for Girl Scout cookies is pretty tasteless.
Police Threaten Drunk Drivers With Justin Bieber Super Bowl Ad And it may have actually worked.
Videos Capture Massive Green Fireball Streaking Across Midwest People across nine states and Canada reported seeing the bright light just before 1:30 a.m. Monday.
Bungling Burglar Gets Wedged In Second-Story Window \It was nice of him to hang around.\
Just Some Guys In England Driving A Tank To The Gas Station No big deal.
If You're Dating A Weirdo, We Have The Perfect Gift Everything your Valentine would want from blood-splattered bath mats to taxidermied mice.
Twitter Goes To Town Imagining The #ReasonsTrumpHangsUp \He doesn't speak Australian.\
Puppy Learns Tough Life Lesson After Sticking Head Inside Tire Wheel Fire crews freed the pooch with \patience\ and \a lot of coconut oil.\
Snowboarders' Ballsy Image Immortalized On Video This is what might be called a \snowjob.\
We Are All Just Spinning On This Never-Ending Slip 'N' Slide Called Life Round and round and round we go.
Shark Photobombs Unfazed 10-Year-Old Surfer The surfer got back in the water the next day!
People Are Loving This Police Department's Unofficial K-9 Pug Hercules is trained to \hunt down any loose treats.\
Gambler Leaves Casino To Rob Bank, Comes Back To Gamble More It's a sure bet he's going to prison.
Daffy Duck Walks Through The Valley Of The Shadow Of Death For This Mashup Cool-io.
Chinese New Year Is A Boom Time For Fake Girlfriends A fake date can cost as little as 15 cents an hour.
Watch A Guy Gorge On As Many Restaurant Birthday Freebies As Possible Too bad it only comes once a year.
Georgia Veterinary Hospital Has A Ballsy Message For Tom Brady They just won't let sleeping dogs lie.
This Is Why You Shouldn't Play On Ice Take heed, kids. \u2744\ufe0f
This Chrome Extension Sends 'The Right' The Trigger Warnings They Need \They need the trigger words. Because they refuse to acknowledge truth.\u201d
Restaurant Gives Diner A $30.95 'Seen Rat' Discount We would have been really cheesed off.
Sick Cat Finds The Help He Needs After 'Breaking Into' Apartment \u201cWe can only imagine the desperation that this cat must\u2019ve felt.\
Cards Against Humanity Seeks CEO With Very Specific Skill Set The field of potential candidates is, well, narrow.
A Truck Driver Has Lost His Marbles -- All 38,000 Pounds Of Them Oh no.
Sea Lion Naps On The Roof Of A Car -- Because It's The Weekend? \That is the weirdest thing.\
'10 Most Disgusting Things Found In Fast Food' Will Make You Lose Your Lunch Bon appetit!
New Orleans Hosts 'Mock Jazz Funeral' For Liberty On Inauguration Day \Our action today is a celebration of our liberties ... in advance of the four years of dissent which lie before us.\
Police Looking For Man Who Stole Two Pizzas Dressed As Beer Bottle That's one brazen beverage!
Ironically Titled Library Book Finally Returned After 100 Years The woman who checked it out died before she could return it.
You'll Get Sick When You Find Out Why A Highway Was Covered In Skittles This candy-coated mystery will turn your stomach a rainbow of colors.
Goat Walks Into Oregon 7-Eleven, Helps Herself To Some Sour Skittles She's tasting the rainbow.
Let's Watch Some Popcorn Pop In Super Slow Motion Nom nom nom nom.
'Lucky' Puppy Survives After Swallowing 8-Inch Knife Whole \Her saving grace was that she swallowed the handle-end first.\
Cat Shreds On A Sled Some say he's still barreling down that hill.
Girl Held At Gunpoint Refused To Give Up Chicken McNugget, Police Say She reportedly smacked the gun away and told her assailant to leave her alone.
Oregon Man Finds Year-Old $1 Million Winning Lottery Ticket While Cleaning His House Joemel Panisa re-discovered his ticket just eight days before it was set to expire.
Watch This Guy Count To 100,000 For No Reason Whatsoever But be warned, YouTuber MrBeast took 40 hours to reach the magical number.
'Fake News' Is Totally Becoming The Go-To Excuse For 2017 \That's going to be my response to everything now.\
It\u2019s Way More Fun To Watch This Elaborate Trick Shot Than Create It \It was just a real frustrating experience and we regretted ever starting the whole thing.\
Fox Station Wishes Dead Boxer Joe Frazier Happy Birthday, Says He'll Be At City Hall Smokin' Joe still packs a wallop in this crazy news blooper.
Pet Tortoise Starts House Fire After Knocking Over Heat Lamp The tortoise has yet to comment.
Greedy Giraffe Steals Ice Cream During Drive-Through Safari This family knows when they've been licked.
This Video Of A Road Being Surfaced Is Ridiculously Satisfying So far, more than 14 million people have watched the mesmerizing footage.
That\u2019s Not A Dead Body, It\u2019s Just A Zombie State officials aren't laughing.
People Are Super Sad That First Dogs Bo And Sunny Are Leaving The White House Too \Brb crying.\
Man Dressed As Waldo From \u2018Where\u2019s Waldo\u2019 Taunts Police Searching For Him \Dude ... I'm right here.\
Man Who Says He Changed 'Hollywood' Sign To 'Hollyweed' Turns Himself In \u201cIt was something to smile and laugh out loud about.\u201d
Security Video Pokes Holes In Robber's Threat To Shoot Store Workers Cops say this guy pretended his finger was a gun.
Know Why Gumballs Are Weird? Take The Fark Weird News Quiz The best weird news quiz around.
Pair Of Google Home Devices Claim They\u2019re Human, Quote Nickelback This seems less than ideal.
Smart Donkey Uses Awesome Problem-Solving Skills To Cross Fence Genius!
Man's Rescue Of Finch Frozen To Metal Fence Is Truly Heartwarming The bird landed on the frigid fence with wet feet from a heated water tank.
Kittens Become Friends With Horses After Playing In Their Hay Net Awww!
Cowpoke Lassoes Calf While Perched On Moving Cop Car A Tennessee sheriff was resourceful when he needed to moo-ve this little guy off the road.
Candy-Crazed Squirrels Steal Sweets From Convenience Store \u201cThey come in and take Crunchies, Crispy Crunch, Wonderbar!\
Animal Control Removes Giant Snake Found Chilling In Toilet Bowl Holy $#!%^.
This Is What Happens When You Let Amateurs Ride A Mechanical Bull This wasn't our first rodeo and it won't be our last.
Gutsy Sideshow Artists Spins Balanced On Single Spear Point \u201cIt\u2019s a whole 'nother world of agony.\u201d
Man Accused Of Urinating On Cop After Yelling 'F*** Trump' It's not exactly a news leak to say the suspect is facing numerous charges.
Baggage Handler Gets Locked Inside Plane's Cargo Area During Flight The United Express plane traveled from Charlotte, North Carolina, to Washington, D.C.
Dog Shamed By Owner For Loud Snoring Do you even know how rude you're being, dog? You do now.
Tourists Watch As Their Car Rolls Off Barge, Drifts Out To Sea Fortunately, no one was inside the vehicle when it happened.
Japanese Restrooms Offer Special Toilet Paper For Wiping Phones Wipe, then swipe.
The Iconic Hollywood Sign Got A Dope Makeover For The New Year Welcome to Hollyweed.
Astronauts Take Mannequin Challenge To New Heights In International Space Station \u201cThe result is kind of sci-fi spooky don\u2019t you think?\u201d one of the crew noted.
Know What Drives Bats Really Batty? Take The Fark Weird News Quiz Post your score so others can see!
Parents Peeved Their Kids' Hatchimals Are Cursing Up A Storm One parent says, \I'm pretty sure it says 'f**k me.'\
The All-Chicken Band Is Cluckin\u2019 Awesome These \Flockstars\ always score with the chicks.
Denied A Pony, Teen Turns Into A Cow Girl \She is more special than a horse, more rare,\u201d says the owner.
Grandpa Loses His Teeth, Gains Viral Fame \He was saying his card, and we all saw his teeth starting to come loose.\
Thomas Edison Talked to the Dead, Almost In October of 1920, Thomas Alva Edison announced that he was working on a new machine that would allow people to talk to
Cinnabon Decided To Use Carrie Fisher\u2019s Death To Hawk Its Cinnamon Rolls There's really no good way for a corporate brand to honor a celebrity\u2019s passing.
Church Mistakes Tupac Shakur's 'Hail Mary' For Catholic Prayer \I ain't a killer, but don't push me.\
Genius 6-Year-Old Uses Sleeping Mom's Thumbprint To Buy Presents On Amazon The kid spent $250 on Pokemon toys while her mother snoozed.
Here's Why You Should Never Play Golf On A Frozen Lake Seriously, you really shouldn't.
Large Seal Spotted Climbing On Car, Roaming Through Australian Town Hey there, Toyota.
The Weirdest Gifts That People Are Receiving This Holiday Season Putin calendar? Check.
Twitter Users Roast FBI Over Its MS Paint-Style Holiday Tweet \Arrest yourselves for this card.\
These Adorable Dogs Are All Dressed Up For Christmas The perfect present for pooch owners everywhere.
Watch This Guy Dynamite A Christmas Tree Just In Time For The Holidays But don't try this at home.
Christmas Cheer Is Unicycle Santa Playing 'Ode To Joy' On Flaming Bagpipes At least it is in Portland, Oregon.
Hydraulic Press Crushes Every Ounce Of Cheer Out Of The Holidays Bye bye, Santa Claus!
People Are Tweeting All The Bizarre Ways Their Pets Celebrate The Holidays Mostly breaking things and stealing food.
Little Boy Inadvertently Draws NSFW Version Of Santa's Reindeer Ho ho no!
People Are Tweeting Their Holiday Survival Plans, And They're Hilarious \Avoid eye contact.\
Seth Rogen Reveals His NSFW Dream To Ricky Gervais And it's all down to an innocent poster display.
Think Chronic Homelessness Can Be Eradicated? Wanna Bet? \Why can\u2019t we use the capital market to help produce social good?\u201d
What To Give The Republican Who Has Everything This Xmas It's gold and it says \Trump.\
Someone Gave The Animals In Planet Earth II Human Screams And It\u2019s Hilarious AHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!
Man Who Robbed Bank In Santa Mask Handed Out Candy Canes First As one customer put it, \That's kinda low.\
Life Is Good When Snoop Dogg Is Your Reddit Secret Santa Merry Xmizzle!
Happily Retired Michael Phelps Has A Lot On His Plate -- And Eats It Up \I know exactly how hungry I am.\
Giant Panda Playtime Doesn't End Well For Snowman Poor Frosty.
'Whatever' Is The Most Annoying Word Again, Poll Says \Huge\ made the list (thanks, Donald Trump?) but isn't at the top.
Alabama Santa Claus Wins Fight To Keep 'HO HO' License Plate Joy to the world.
Man Accused Of Smuggling Cocaine Worth $78,000 In Spandex Shorts Getting away with this seems like a stretch.
This Deep-Sea Fisherman Has Caught A Treasure Trove Of Underwater Oddities \u201cIt\u2019s a really pretty wondrous world down there.\
Police Officer Stops Speeding Student, Then Fixes His Tie Instead of giving the speeder a dressing down, the cop helped him get dressed up.
All The Times Nature Tried To Warn Us About 2016 Honestly, there were probably more times. But here's a start.
Snowboarder Floats Through The Sky With The Help Of Giant Drone For when you need to take the high road.
Sub-Zero Temperatures Transform Michigan Lighthouse Into A Fairy Tale Castle Simply stunning.
Deadly Snake Hides In Christmas Tree Just Like A Decoration Did it think it was tinsel?
Santas Vs. Penguins Is The Bloody Christmas Battle Of Your Nightmares Ho, ho, no.
Fishermen Hook 2 Massive Great Whites Off Carolinas One of the sharks weighed about 3,000 pounds.
11 Clever, Untraditional Ways People Have Wrapped Gifts This Holiday Season Superb!
Cops Break Into Car To Free 'Frozen' Elderly Woman, Find It's A Mannequin The dummy was wearing an oxygen mask and strapped into the vehicle's passenger seat.
People Are Making Their Favorite Movies All About Christmas \Me, My Elf & Irene.\
The Christmas Cats Of Instagram Are Coming Out To Play #Cute.
'The Trumps' Is The Spoof Lego Set No One Will Want This Holiday Season *Tax returns not included.
Know Why The Ottawa Redblacks Were Weird News This Week? Take The Fark Weird News Quiz Don\u2019t forget to post your score.
Can Ugly Christmas Sweaters Get Any Uglier? (Fingers Crossed) Straight outta North Pole.
Politician's Musical Christmas Tie Interrupts His Serious Speech A colleague joked the tie \might interfere with Santa's flight path.\
Lazy Dog Shows This Roomba Who's The Master Just let sleeping dogs lie.
Yes, There Is Free Lunch At Work,  And Here's How To Find It Just doing my part to decrease food waste.
Postal Worker Rescues Gifts From Burning Truck, Saves Christmas Phew!
Kentucky Men Pocket Dial 911, Allegedly Discuss Plot To Rob BBQ Joint Oh yeah, and the police chief was eating there at the time.
Marijuana Pants For Kids Stoke Outrage \u201cAnything that normalizes marijuana with kids is child abuse.\
Bird-Brained Pigeon Thief Disguises Self With Bucket On Head It was truly fowl play.
Check Out This T-Rex Made Entirely Of Balloons Before It Goes Extinct Or deflates.
Like These Videos Of Toy Yoda Fighting Two Bulldogs You Will The Force is strong in these dogs.
Enjoy The Simple Pleasure Of A Ball Smacking A Man's Face In Super Slow-Mo That has got to hurt.
Strapped Student Blows $1.5 Million From Bank Glitch On Cars, Boats And Strippers But a court ruled that his crazy expenditures weren't deceptive.
People Show How 2016 Has Changed Them In The Year's Most Depressing Meme If we could turn back time.
Pastor Tells Kids Mall Santa Isn't Real, Gets Confronted By Angry Dads \u201cThe man you\u2019re going to see today is just a man in a suit,\ he hollered at the children standing in line.
Dogs Smell Grandma's Scent, Set Off On Quest To Find Her They nose something is up.
Sheepish Sheep Gets Head Stuck Inside Orange Traffic Cone Thankfully, an animal rescuer freed the ewe from her predicament.
Know Why Tampons Were Weird News This Week? Take The Fark Weird News Quiz The week's weirdest quiz -- bar none!
Snowy Street Morphs Into Slo-Mo Demolition Derby Chilling video shows cars, buses and even a snow plow slide into each other.
Play Darth Vader's Theme On A Coffee Stirrer To Wake Up On The Dark Side The force is strong with this one.
Boxer Throws Table At Opponent During Bonkers Press Conference They'll try to rearrange each other's face, not the furniture, on Saturday.
Fireball Now Comes In Boxes -- Just In Time For Trump's Inauguration! It's about to get lit.
Buzz Aldrin's Doctor Is David Bowie (Not That One) Now, there's a Starman.
This Company Wants To Super-Chill Your Coffee With Cannabis It\u2019ll take the edge off that morning cup of joe.
Canadian Police Aplogize For Threatening Drunk Drivers With Nickelback Let's just be clear
WATCH LOOK OUT!
Rock Out To This Metal Remix Of Mariah Carey's 'All I Want For Christmas Is You' This is the one thing you need...
Streetlight Saves Pedestrian From Death By Speeding Car A Polish woman survived a car crash when a street lamp took the hit for her.
Video Appears To Show Man Punching Kangaroo After Finding It Strangling Dog The man sends one blow to the marsupial's face, immediately stopping the animal in its place.
Ho, Ho, Ho-old On! Santas Hit The Slopes For Wacky Charity Event It\u2019s Kris Kringle like you\u2019ve never seen him before. \ud83c\udf84
Alarming Numbers Of People Are Trying To Rip Apples Open With Their Bare Hands Welcome to the Super Sage Apple Challenge.
Lego Donald Trump Makes Christmas Anything But Great Again \u201cI\u2019m calling for a total ban on Gingerbread men.\
People Are Imagining What It Would Take For 2016 To Redeem Itself \Bring on the giant meteor?\
Florida Atheist Sets Up Anti-Trump Festivus Pole At City's Christmas Display \This year\u2019s pole is shorter, a shout-out to Donald\u2019s tiny hands.\
Unhappy Dog Wearing Pants And Sweater Found Roaming In Park He's in a better mood now.
Woman Calls Cops On Man Who Won't Stop Whistling 'Closing Time' \I know who I want to take me home / I know who I want to take me home / I know who I want to take me home ... \
Woman Sees Screaming Face Of 'Donald Trump' Inside Red Pepper \We ate it for dinner and suffered no ill effects from the Trump supper.\
AIR SHARK! Watch Out For Flying Great Whites YIKES!!!
Man Mistakes Jellyfish For Breast Implant, Immediately Suspects Foul Play He had good intentions, but his forensic skills were sorely lacking.
This Town Is Threatening To Punish Drunk Drivers With Nickelback Does this qualify as cruel and unusual?
Slow Mo Guys Show Some Serious Precision In 'Air Pistol Vs Candle Challenge' \Noooooo wayyyyyy.\
Motorist\u2019s Head-To-Head Encounter With Hippo Didn\u2019t End So Well \u201cI braced myself as I realized he wasn\u2019t going to stop.\u201d
Ninjas Who Fight For The Homeless Are The Best Ninjas Of All These guys share the wealth -- with stealth.
Black Friday Got Really Out Of Hand At A Nike Store Near Seattle \Like an earthquake leveled the place.\
Daredevil Foolishly Dangles From NYC High-Rise By One Hand He appears to be the guy busted for scaling One World Trade Center.
Domino's Is Training GPS-Equipped Reindeer To Deliver Pizza In Japan Move over, Rudolph!
Baby Ejected From Car Found Unharmed In Storm Drain \u201cThey could see the baby, the 8-month-old, looking up at them.\u201d
Homeless Man Rents Out Beds In 'Paradise' Home Under L.A. Freeway The elaborate compound features toilets, a zebra-print living room set and a canopy bed.
Dog With Human Hands Eating Peanut Butter Is What You Need Right Now We \u2764\ufe0f Opal.
The Spoof Bands That Could Play At Donald Trump's Inauguration \System of a Clown.\
Artist Turns Random Dog Poops Into Donald Trump Art Installation He has designs on making 'Trump' a new word for dookies.
Dog Loves Santa Toy So Much, Her Humans Took Her To See The Real Thing Now we're officially in the holiday spirit.
CNN Probably Did Not Actually Show Porn Thanksgiving Night The story went crazy viral, but there's not much proof porn was blasted out across Boston.
It's Probably Best Not To Carve Your Thanksgiving Turkey This Way Don't try this at home.
This Thanksgiving Getaway Traffic Jam In Los Angeles Will Hypnotize You \This is the freeway version of the mannequin challenge.\
Ad About Cans Of Beans Is Apparently Too Dangerous For The Public Britain regulators have banned the commercial on safety grounds.
Fat Boy The Cat Finally Rescued After 9 Days Atop Power Pole Phew!!
This 594-Foot-High Basketball Shot 'For Mankind' Is Out Of This World He nailed the record-breaking feat on the third try.
Accused Hit-And-Run Driver Caught On Video Running Over Own Leg The truck rolled over his leg and crashed into a nearby house
'The Worst Miss In Soccer History' Really Is That Awful You may want to avert your eyes.
Slow-Mo Video Masters Pump Bullets Into A WWI Airplane Propeller All in the name of education.
'Little Chubby' Robot Goes Rogue; 1 Injured In Bizarre Incident It's believed to be the first injury in China caused by a robot.
Rutting Moose Found Frozen In An Eternal Battle There were no winners in this fight.
Man Who Still Doesn't Know Who Won Election Wants To Keep It That Way \It is very peaceful in my bubble of ignorance,\u201d Joe Chandler says.
Learn How To Cook Thanksgiving Dinner With A Drone Whether you SHOULD do it is another matter entirely.
Ninja Train Passenger Swaps Seats In The Coolest Possible Way But it\u2019s probably not appropriate for your commute.
Grandmother Makes Harrowing 911 Call During Bear Attack \Please tell my husband I love him.\
Why Is Everyone Suddenly Running? Because TRUMP'S COMING! Everyone flee!
Donald Trump Supporters Protest Starbucks By Giving It Their Money That'll show 'em.
This Country Has Gone To The Birds, And This Bird Has Gone Donald Trump This Trump likes to tweet, too.
Ninja Caught On Camera Stealing Katana Sword Some say the thief isn't a very good ninja, since he was seen on camera.
11,658 People In This Arena Nailed The Mannequin Challenge That's a LOT of human statues.
Here's How You Open A Can Of Food Using Only A Spoon No can opener, no problem.
This Entitled Cat Will Sit Wherever It Damn Wants Including on another cat's head.
Twitter Users Give Movies And Songs A Sweaty Workout Twist \Curl, Interrupted.\
People Are Blown Away By This Cashier's Angelic Singing Voice Just casually serenading customers at the Dollar General.
Can We All Agree This Wax Dummy Of Donald Trump Looks Creepy? Surely we can find common ground, people!
California City Elects Dead Man To Office After Bizarre Campaign \u201cEven though Gary passed away, he is still better qualified than she is,\u201d a city councilman said of his challenger.
Redditors Reimagine A Donald Trump White House, And It's Not Pretty It\u2019s not just the curtains that are changing.
Cat Rescued After Spending 7 Hours Trapped Inside Underground Pipe \He looked miserable and wet but he\u2019s all right.\
Spanish Company Honors Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump With Crappiest Tribute Possible \Caganers,\ as they are called, are commonly found in Spanish nativity scenes.
Snake On A Plane! Reptile Slithers Out Of Ceiling Causing Mid-Flight Fright Everybody strap in! \ud83d\udc0d
Kit Kat Fills Student's Car With 6,500 Bars After Chocolate Theft Sweet! \ud83c\udf6b\ud83c\udf6b\ud83c\udf6b\ud83c\udf6b
People Can't Handle This Brutal Footage Of A 'Homewrecking' Penguin \That was the penguin she told her husband not to worry about.\
A Guy Put Amazon's 'Alexa' In Big Mouth Billy Bass' Body And People Are Rightly Horrified \The future.\
Man Dresses Up Like Cat's Favorite Toy And It Does NOT Go Well Cats aren't impressed with your silly viral video antics.
This Ridiculously Massive Spider Is Your Friend, We Swear Meet Charlotte!
Man Who Predicted Cubs Win In 1993 Yearbook Finally Speaks \Does it blow my mind? A little.\
Sports Bar Gets Gentleman's Club Treatment You thought paying attention to your fantasy lineup was tough.
Note On Napkin Says Thief Broke Into Car Only To Steal Kit Kat All trick, no treat.
Irish Weather Forecaster's Halloween Report Spooks Viewers \ud83c\udf26+\ud83c\udf83= \u26a1\ufe0f
Slo-Mo Leg Waxing Is (Almost) As Painful To Watch As To Do OUCH!
This Meteorologist Has A Whirlwind Of Creepy Halloween Costumes And to the west you'll see my severed head.
This Bone Carving Artist Is A Real 'Skull-ptor' Each carved skull can sell for up to $8,000 -- a heady amount.
'Ghostbusters' Theme Song Gets The Halloween Pumpkin Remix It Needed Dan Newbie ain't afraid of no pumpkins!
Hydraulic Press Crushes The Immortal Soul Out Of Halloween Bye bye, Mr. Pumpkin.
Spanish Scrapyard Owner Beefs Up Security With Guard Bulls \The bulls can roam around freely in the yard and let\u2019s hope they do their job,\ said Emilio Cerver\u00f3.
Amazon Prime Costume Sparks Scary Good Halloween Photoshop Battle It was always going to happen.
Restaurant Baffles Diners With Tricky Wi-Fi Password Equation \Where are the math wizards at?\
Burger King Dressed Up As Ghost Of McDonald's For Halloween \ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25 Savage. \ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25
WikiLeaks Documents Reveal United Nations Interest In UFOs An international UFO committee almost became reality.
Donald Trump Gets Buzzed Off Hilarious \u2018America\u2019s Got Talent\u2019 Spoof Watch the judges give the GOP nominee four Xs in record time.
Even This Bus In Denmark Is Rolling Its Eyes At Donald Trump Try not to be hypnotized by the spinning wheels.
This Teenager's Gory Special Effects Videos Are Bloody Impressive \I've had some negative reactions like \u2018Oh my God what\u2019s wrong with you.'\
This Is Why You Should Never Stick Your Head In A Pumpkin Do we need to call the fire department?
Why Britain's Spy Chief Says He Wouldn't Hire James Bond \In contrast to James Bond, MI6 officers are not for taking moral shortcuts.\
This Spooky Historic Home Will Send You Free 'Possessed Plants' If a ghost starts to haunt you, you'll get a 10 percent discount on cleaning services for a year.
Watch A Drone Replace A Light Bulb (And Smash A Few Others In The Process) Behold, the future!
These Shows Are Perfect For Trump TV But \Dancing with the Tsar\ most likely won't be on the GOP nominee's rumored network.
We're Stumped Why Anyone Would Arrest This Man Dressed As A Tree We're pining to wear this for a Halloween costume.
Man's 1993 Yearbook Photo Predicts Chicago Cubs Win 2016 World Series The team hasn't won a World Series since 1908.
Watch This Truck Drag A Car For 16 Miles After Smash, And Try Not To Wince Incredibly, none of the car's occupants were seriously injured in the bizarre accident.
Donnie Wahlberg Hangs Tough, Sets World Selfie Record He set this record step by step.
Teen Stuns Family After Waking From Coma Speaking Only Spanish \u201cOur life has changed through this process,\u201d his mother said.
No Hong Kong Flood Will Keep This Man From His Starbucks Priorities, people.
Vandalized Baby Jesus Statue Gets A Weird New Clay Head \u201cIt\u2019s a first try. It\u2019s a first go. And hopefully what is done at the end will please everyone.\
SPLAT!!! Daredevil Jumps 129 Feet Into Harbor You're tempting the fates, bro
Is That A Venetian Blind In Your Jacket? Or are you just excited to see us?
This Musical Haunted House Will Light Up Your World It's a howling good time \ud83c\udf83\ud83d\udc7b
Man Spends 4 Hours Trapped In Chimney After Locking Himself Out A neighbor heard the man yelling for help and called the fire department, rescue officials said.
Watch Out For This Halloween Flipbook's Spooky Surprise Selfies just got scary.
Student's Amazing Reflexes Help Him Dodge Falling Glass Ceiling \I thank God for saving me from this.\
A Man Attached A Flying Skeleton To A Drone And People Went Nuts The spooky stunt sparked both terror and laughs. \ud83d\udc7b
Ghost Pepper Puree Hospitalizes Man With Esophageal Tearing One for the \ghost pepper challenge\ books.
Sleep Inside A Coffin At Dracula's Castle This Halloween But forget about bringing any garlic-scented items.
Student Driver Helps Cops As They Chase Down Suspect Now that's a memorable lesson.
Tokyo's Ghost Cat Festival Scares Up Lots Of 'Meow'-iment A \purr-fect\ reason for a parade.
These Adorably Needy Cats Offer The Perfect Respite To Trump's Toxic Campaign All they want is their owners' undivided attention.
It's Time For Real Clowns To Do This It's time for professional clowns to abandon the word \clown\. Just let it go. It's the worst year ever to be called a \clown
Man Flaunts Luscious Lips Thanks To Pair Of Wasp Stings \Kim Kardashian and them be lookin\u2019 at you for lips for days.\
Now You Can Pay To Crush Donald Trump Or Hillary Clinton With A Tank Well, mannequin versions of them, at least.
Now Creepy Clowns Are So Scary They're Making Pinatas Poop Themselves This is candy you won't want to take.
Amateur 'Zombie' Hunter Allegedly Fires Into House, Nearly Kills Sleeping Man At least it's not clowns.
There's A Sexy Kenneth Bone Costume Now Because We Have No Boundaries Ken Bone is already sexy enough.
Tweeters List The Debate Songs Clinton And Trump Could Sing Together \I got chills, they're multiplyin', and I'm losin' control...\
Tweeters Hilariously List What's More Electable Than Donald Trump It's a very long list.
People Love This Shirtless Dude Rocking Out To Slayer During Hurricane Matthew #America.
Know What Dubious Honor St. Louis Won This Week? Take The Fark Weird News Quiz The nutsiest quiz around
Packers' Jared Cook Says He Received A Chicken Head At Buffalo Wild Wings \u201cTongue, eyes, and beak all present.\
Sad Ted Cruz Phone-Banking For Donald Trump Is The Meme Of The Campaign \Just between us. I'm voting for Hillary.\
Archie The Dog Goes Into Mourning Every Time His Buddy Plays Dead Not cool, Jack!
Now You Can Wipe Your Butt With The Candidate You Hate The Most Besides the TP, there's all sorts of other election crap, too.
Trump, Clinton Haunt Man's Political Halloween Display This man finds the election season very scary indeed.
Man Cooks Up Wife's Placenta With Breakfast, Says It Tastes Like Bad Pork \u201cNine months in the cooking and about 10 minutes in the eating.\
Woman Uses Flip-Flop To Defend Her Dog From A Crocodile In Australia \We could have had a death there that day.\
Here's Why You Should Never Bong Rip The World's Hottest Chili Pepper. Ever. \The Fire Breathing Idiot\ did just that -- and instantly regretted it.
Professional Joint Roller's 'Doobie-us' Harambe Tribute Ganja Gorilla, stuffed with $500 in Durban Poison, goes on display.
See What Happens If An iPhone Is Sucked Into A Treadmill Bizarrely, it takes on a surprisingly pleasing shape.
Twitter Users Get Nostalgic Over The #LastTimeTrumpPaidTaxes \Ross hadn't cheated on Rachel yet.\
Deputy Who Allegedly Tasered Florida Woman Didn't Even Bake That Apology Cake Someone once made a 'Sorry I Tased You' cake, but it wasn't this guy.
Whoever Came Up With 'Choco-Pumpkin Fries' Must Be Out Of Their Gourd We pity the poor potatoes.
Roses Get The 'Kill Bill' Treatment In Breathtaking Slow-Motion Video Don't try this at home.
This Piano-Playing Chicken Will Knock You Over With A Feather Pecking sonata is destined to be a barnyard classic.
This Toilet Emits A Haunting Cry After Every Flush It's missing its regular users, apparently.
Predict The Outcome Of This Domino Race And Be A Winner No cheating, OK?
Blood-Soaked Zombies Spark Police Alert On English Highway Turns out they were just two actors on their way to a job.
Here's Why You Shouldn't Take Selfies With Pythons As the victim said, \This is entirely my fault.\
Runaway Inflatable Bird Takes Flight In City Streets Caution
Homesick Dog Busts Out Of Shelter In Heartbreaking Search For Previous Owner Ginger jumped out of her kennel and opened three doors in her escape.
Redditors Hilariously Reimagine Michelle Obama's Hug With George W. Bush Welcome to another epic editing battle.
Man Snaps Selfie With A Python. The Snake Snapped Back, Unsurprisingly. Ouch!
Did Mickey Mouse's Pants Wreck His Sex Life? We Have Science On This. The results are both nutty and ballsy.
Giraffe Wants To Nuzzle Way More Than He Wants To Be On Local News \Man, that's a lot of slobber.\
Guerrilla Stunt Jumper\u2019s Pool Plummet Will Make Your Jaw Drop Mad chutzpah.
Airplane Pilot Almost Literally Loses His Head In Runway Close-Call Don't worry, he's OK!
Fancy Feline Gets Treated To A Blowout And It\u2019s Glorious Eat your heart out, Fabio.
Watch Stuff Melt And Be Mesmerized You need distraction. We have distraction.
Badass Cow Takes Down Helicopter And Walks Off Like A Boss Beware of the... cow?
South African Traffic Cop Stops Traffic With His Dance Moves The woman who took the video said ''I wish everyone could love their job this much.''
Hotel Guest Wants Jeff Goldblum Photos (And That's What He Gets) \u201cJeff Goldblum is my girlfriend\u2019s celebrity crush,\u201d the man explained.
Potty-Mouthed Teacher Gets Time Out The Canadian teacher has been accused of telling her students lots of inappropriate things, including to \grow some balls.\
David Ortiz Test-Drives A Beef Jerky Delivery Drone (And We're Very Jealous) The world is hungering for this invention.
This Makeup Artist Transforms Herself Into Steve Buscemi We thought no one could imitate Steve Buscemi. We were wrong.
Chipotle Drone Delivery Tests Brings Us A Taste Of The Future And that future is delicious.
Not Even A Hurricane Can Stop This Super Mailman \u201cI gotta deliver the mail, son!\u201d
Ambushed Diver Fights Off Great White Shark With Speargun \I thought I was going to die,\ the 22-year-old recalled of the attack that left him with two broken toes.
Hero Burrito Helps Police Officers Save Trapped Kitten Amazing food. Amazing rescue.
Car Dangles On Side Of Garage After Worst Parking Job Ever The driver had to crawl out the sunroof.
World's Greatest Coworkers Give The Best Cake To Laid-Off Colleague Perfect.
Man Arrested For Reporting False Creepy Clown Sighting Despite numerous reports of creepy sightings in North Carolina, none have been substantiated.
Why This Huffington Post Reporter Should Be The Next Mr. Clean Bald ambition
Proud Dad Says His 6-Month-Old Is The World's Youngest Water Skier He started training in the living room, and now he's out on the water.
Hot Air Balloon Plunges Into Power Lines, Knocks Out City's Electricity Incredibly, no one was injured in the crash in Clyde, Ohio.
It's All Fun And Games Until Your Neighbor Allegedly Bulldozes Your House Someone may have overreacted.
Rubber Chickens Bounce To The Beak In EDM-Style Banger \Shake it!\
Unlock the Weird Another Year, Another All-New Ripley\u2019s Annual Ripley\u2019s has spent the past year collecting the most unbelievable stories from
Flight Attendant's 'Looney Tunes' Announcement Will Make Your Spirit Soar \Be vewy, vewy quiet, we have weached your destination.\
Yep, That Video Of A Guy Riding An Ostrich Through Traffic Is Totally Fake A Kazakhstan bank says it was behind the marketing stunt.
Watch As Mysterious Fireball Streaks Across The Oregon Night Sky \It was incredible!\ one witness said.
Sand Sculpting Is A Dirty Job (But Somebody's Gotta Do It) These artists have made eye-popping sculptures using only sand and water.
Bicycle Remix Of Sia's 'Cheap Thrills' Will Send You Spinning Warning
Student Sinks Impossible Shot To Secure Entire Class 100s On Organic Chemistry Quiz Total disorder.
Know How Larry The Cable Guy May Affect The Election? Take The Fark Weird News Quiz It's the week's weirdest quiz.
New Gene Wilder Portrait Proves He Really Is The 'Candy Man' The artwork features jelly beans, Red Hots, gumballs -- but no everlasting gobstoppers.
This Guy Sums Up All Your Feelings About Christmas Music In August Fair point, sir.
Zoo Can't Say Whether It Might Name New Baby Gorilla 'Harambe' Don't deny the people of the internet.
Giant Snakeskin Found Near A Maine River Is From An Anaconda It's not yet clear whether the skin was planted as a hoax.
Watch This Girl Crush A Drone With Her Wicked Golf Swing FORE!!!!!
TV Anchor Freaks When Alligator Starts Flailing In His Hands But really, who wouldn't?
Drum And Bugle Corps' Willy Wonka Cover Is A Sweet Gene Wilder Tribute Goodbye, Candyman.
Vladimir Putin, Florida Man, Arrested For Trespassing At Supermarket No, not that Putin.
Amid LAX Panic, Zorro Appears And Police Freak Out As if the night wasn't crazy enough.
Slow-Mo Mirror Smashing Is All It\u2019s Cracked Up To Be Cause breaking up is shard to to.
You're Going To Flip Out When You See This Soccer Goal Sadly, this masterpiece didn't count.
Spot-On Video Sums Up The Wildly Different Lives Of Cat And Dog Owners But which animal do you \prefur\?
Woman Who Unleashed Crickets On NYC Train Says It Was All A 'Prank' But she says the crickets were real.
The Potty Never Ends For Plumber On Viral Toilet Sign Now that's the way to advertise.
Dedicated Utility Worker Gets Down And Very Dirty To Fix Burst Pipe Jimmie Cox went below and beyond to repair the water line.
Airlander 10, 'The Flying Bum,' Crashes During Test Flight Bum-bum-bum-bum.... bummmmmmm.
This 'Kangaroo' Dog Is On A Journey To Run And Play Like A Regular Pup Tigger needs a cutting-edge surgery that could break new ground for other animals.
WATCH \u201cThat guy deserves to live!\u201d
Roof Jumper Gets Wedged Between Buildings Trying To Impress Gal It's unclear whether it worked.
Hundreds Of Americans Wash Up Illegally In Canada After River Party Some rescued floaters tried to swim away from Canadian shores, for fear of not having documentation.
Carpenter Uses Flimsy Sheet Of Paper To Saw Through Wood Scissors cut paper, but does paper cut wood?
Baseball Player's Grand Slam Smashes His Own Truck Windshield It was a big hit.
Man Of Steel \u201cI just enjoyed its taste and I was addicted,\u201d the knife-swallower said.
Lion Cub And Otter Are The Animal Kingdom's Newest Unusual BFFs Opposites attract!
Massive Snakeskin Found Near River Where 10-Foot Snake Was Recently Spotted Locals worry it's the skin of the snake that got away. But one group of herpetologists says it's all a sham.
Know The Straight Poop About Roombas? Take The Fark Weird News Quiz It's the weirdest quiz you'll take all week!
Giant Poop Explosions Cause Crappy Commute In Russia EWWW
It's Too Hot Outside, And These Cute Pups Just Can't Keep Their Eyes Open Just let 'em sleep.
70 Year Old Tries To Row Across Atlantic Stein Hoff gives up dream, 850 miles out at sea.
Squirrel With Yogurt Cup Stuck On Its Head Finds EMS Heroes The animal looks to be just the latest victim of Yoplait\u2019s container.
Man Rides A Horse Into Taco Bell, And The Internet Is Freaking Out Yeehaw! \ud83d\udc0e
Tweeters Give Hilarious History Lesson To Donald Trump's Spokeswoman Listen up for some of these \facts\ in a future Katrina Pierson speech.
People Fear The Heat Will Turn NYC Into A Hellscape Of Flying Roaches Why do people live in this city, again?
Dopey Wipes Out, Nearly Goes Overboard During Disney Boat Show He's likely just grumpy now.
Tech-Savvy Squirrel Steals GoPro, Makes His Own Nutty Nature Film Get a squirrel's-eye video of tree-climbing.
Selfie-Hating Photobomber Gets Treated To Epic Photoshop Battle \STOP TAKING #SELFIES\
Scottish Busker Eric Gudmunsen Roasts Donald Trump As Only A Scotsman Can Eric Gudmunsen dons a wig to sing about the GOP presidential candidate.
CNN Contributor Compares Trump Campaign To (Gulp) Chris Farley's Death You must be kidding.
Oh, The Carnage! Ferrari Gets Crunched In Mr. Magoo-Style Parking Job Here's one car meetup they likely won't be invited back to.
Sorry, Olympians, But This Bizarre Restroom Activity Is Banned At Rio 2016 It's probably a good thing.
Woman's Sarcastic, Naughty Guide To Changing A Tire Is A Wheel Hit \Ladies, men aren't always going to be there for us.\
The Cutest Little Diarrhea Note Ever 'My room might smell like poop in the morning.\
'Cool Runnings' On Auto-Tune Will Get You Pumped For Rio 2016 \Now look in the mirror, tell me what you see!\
Pelican Takes A Long, Hard Look At His Choices No one wants to wind up a jailbird.
Know Why Jedis Were Weird This Week? Take The Fark Weird News Quiz The week's wackiest quiz
Cops Find Terminator Cutout When Responding To Gunman Reports He said he'd be back.
WATCH OUT Pikachu is looking for revenge.
The Pizza Pancake Is Without Question The Ultimate Breakfast Food Start your day off right.
'Planet Earth' With Aziz Ansari Subtitles Is Way Too Real For Us \Dude, where are you? Biggie and Tupac faked their deaths.\
19th-Century People Have No Clue What To Do With 21st-Century Technology This e-cigarette doesn't look much like a pipe.
This Giant Pikachu Statue Is The 'Pokemonument' We Need All hail Pokemon.
Trapped Kangaroo Was In A 'Bad Way' Until This Man Pulled Him Up \u201cI hope you have a good life!\u201d
Summer Hailstorm Makes It Look Like Christmas In July Colorado Springs residents broke out the shovels a little early this year.
2 Dogs, Left Alone In A Car, Crash It Into A West Virginia Walmart Don't leave your pets in the parking lot, guys.
These Are The Sacrifices Donald Trump Has Made, According To Twitter Users \When he doesn't get a mint on his pillow, he calls it camping.\
Adorable Toddler Gets Caught In A Husky Pool Party, Hilarity Ensues Paws down
Twitter Hilariously Imagines Trump's Fake Intelligence Briefings \The NSA finally reveals to him the identity of who let the dogs out.\
Hydraulic Press Pizza Is Definitely Not The Best Pizza You've Ever Had Just a little too much force.
Toothbrush Melts Into Oblivion In Surprisingly Hypnotic Video Don't try this at home!
Know Why This Man Was A Weird News Headliner This Week? Take The Fark Weird News Quiz The best weird news quiz around
If Pokemon Go Characters Starred In Your Favorite Movies How about Pikachu as Simba or Squirtle as King Kong?
There Is No Good Reason To Dye Your Dog's Fur To Look Like Pikachu No matter how cute Pokemon are.
Kayaker Films Heart-Stopping Moment A Massive Shark Circles His Boat Ian Watkins' helmet cam captured the 16-foot shark circling and bumping his boat while he radioed for help.
Hundreds Of Wild Ponies Make A Splash During Annual Swim Fundraiser The event raises money for Chincoteague's volunteer fire company, which owns the horses.
Empire State Building Struck By Lightning In Dramatic Time-Lapse Video WOW!
Watch This Makeup Artist Transform Herself Into Ron Swanson But does she know her way around an oscillating spindle sander?
In Novel Coincidence, Hemingway Wins Hemingway Look-Alike Contest \u201cI like to fish, I like to drink a little bit, I like women and I just like having a good fun time,\u201d says Dave Hemingway (no relation to Ernest).
Dentist Shows Off Gruesome Injures After Shark Attack In The Bahamas Dr. Steven T. Cutbirth recalled being hit in the face by \what felt like a truck\ while spearfishing Saturday.
Nothing Is Off Limits At Sao Paulo Tattoo Week Some of these people are running low on body parts that aren't inked.
Sir David Attenborough Narrating 'Pokemon Go' Is All You Hoped For \u201cThat is one [Zu]bat that will not return to the roost tonight.\
Tweeters Imagine What Would Happen If Cats Were In Charge \They would spend all their time watching people videos on the internet.\
Comic Con Cosplayers Reveal What Goes Into Their Amazing Costumes One woman dressed as Pikachu said, \People are throwing plastic balls at me.\
Border Patrol Agents Detain 2 'Pokemon Go' Players The teens from Canada illegally crossed into the U.S. while playing the game.
Justin Timberlake's Song Of The Summer Gets A Bone-Shaking Metal Remix Leo Moracchioli goes electric when he turns it on.
Baltimore Just Had Its Very Own Running Of The Bulls. Kind Of. Two bulls escaped from a slaughterhouse, but are now \in custody.\
Adorable Animals Are Even More Adorable When They're Sleepy Cats sleep away 60 percent of their lives ... making them 60 percent more cute.
Prank On Level 26 Pokemon Go Player Goes So Wrong \It says that your guy is only a level one...\
You're Never Too Young To Shop Til You Drop Uh, naptime in aisle 6...
Watch This Bartender Pour 17 Jagerbombs At Once BOMBS AWAY!
WATCH \u201cToo dang old to be going down water slides.\
This Is The Chaos That Would Ensue If Pokemon Were Real Who needs augmented reality when you have... reality?
Does Your Dog Trust You Enough To Do This? Spotters ready!
Wild Boar Charges Out Of The Sea, Panics Beachgoers Yes, this really happened.
Krispy Kreme Doughnut Soda Blows A Hole In What You Know About Junk Food Does that glazed look mean you're happy about it?
Slow-Mo Video Masters Obliterate Pyrex In Their Slowest Clip Yet Obviously, don't try this at home.
Cab Driver Attempts To Ride Pokemon Go Craze In Mexico One snag
82-Year-Old 'America's Got Talent' Star Goes Full Metal With Drowning Pool \Let the bodies hit the flooooor!\
A Photo That Mike Pence Posted To Twitter Is Really Freaking People Out Wait ... what?!
Man Quits Job To Become Full-Time 'Pokemon Go' Player Tom Currie is living the dream.
'Pokemon Go' Leads Players To Find Naked Woman Vandalizing Church The church said that the woman threw garbage into a baptismal pond.
This Top 10 Best Porn Films List May Arouse ... Controversy These films actually have stories as well as sex.
Kebab Shop Owner Thwarts Robbery By Simply Ignoring Suspect \u201cI\u2019m not a hero but, you know, I controlled my reaction.\u201d
82-Year-Old 'America's Got Talent' Star To Rock Out With Drowning Pool \u201cWe\u2019ll see the bodies hit the floor in the pit when we join you on Friday afternoon,\ John Hetlinger promises.
Pair Jumped Fence At Zoo, Wanted To Catch Pokemon Only bad things can happen when you sneak into a zoo.
Lunatic Biker Stands On Motorcycle While Speeding Down Highway At least he wasn't playing Pokemon Go.
POKEMON GO FAIL Was it worth it?!?!
Pooch's Wham! Dance Puts The Boom-Boom Into Our Hearts You go-go, Minnie Wynne!
Toddler Working Out To 'Rocky' Is The Cutest Thing You'll See All Day Yo, Adrian, this kid is a natural.
A Ceiling Collapses In Queens, And The World Can't Stop Watching \Are you f--king kidding me?\
Here's A Trick To Get The Last Bit Of Toothpaste Out Of The Tube Small catch
Yes, Internet, Fishbras Are Now A Thing (You're Welcome) We're falling for it hook, line and sinker
News Anchor Catching Pokemon Interrupts Live Weather Forecast Pokemon Go is taking the world by storm.
Pokemon Go Leads Players Into Intimacy Boutique \u201cOne woman who was looking ended up spending $60 on sexy underwear.\u201d
This Weather Forecaster Ain't Afraid Of No 'Ghostbusters' Puns \Don\u2019t cross the streams or rivers unless it\u2019s safe to do so.\
This Insane Video Is What Stunt People See In Their Dreams Frightening is an understatement.
Guy Rides On Glass Skateboard And The Painfully Inevitable Happens \Nobody expected that,\ one of the skaters says after it shatters.
Waxing Your Legs With A Drone Is Now A Thing \u201cI have a high threshold for pain.\
Son Hiding In Trunk Scares Bejesus Out Of Dad For His Birthday \What the hell?\
Crab Finds Lost GoPro, Takes Awesome Underwater Selfie Say cheese!
Sublime Miami Cloud Penis Embodies Our Hopes And Dreams (NSFW) Is this Heaven?
Disorderly Kids Contemplate Goat Theft Auto These Aussie goats have no respect for authority.
Women Return Home To Find A Ridiculously Cute Intruder On Their Couch The adorable trespasser likely broke in through the doggie door.
Heavy Rain Floods University's Library Canteen In Just 2 Minutes Video shows students scrambling their books together as the water poured in.
Dolly The Cat Is The President America Deserves The perfect choice for those who think the other candidates are real dogs.
Sasquatch Bares All In Fierce Photoshoot For ESPN Magazine The Squatch has never let conventional beauty standards define him.
Don't Mess With This Baby's French Fry Consider yourself warned...
This Sunscreen-Pooping Seagull Is Getting Slammed As Stupidest Ad Ever These kids are unbelievably happy about a seagull dropping its \load\ on them.
Brave Man Attempts To BBQ Steak Using Only A Drone And Charcoal Grill Probably not how we'll cook food in the future.
Burglary Suspect Found In Bed With $5,000 Lingerie Store Mannequin It's nice to have a partner in crime.
There Was Only One Thing This Driver Could Do To Avoid A Head-On Crash \Well that was f***ing scary.\
Silver-Haired Weight Lifter Has Awesome Senior Moment At Muscle Beach Not bad, old man. Not bad at all.
Ferocious Rat Refuses To Let Hungry Snake Steal Rat Pup \ud83d\udc2d
Prankster Posts Fake And Very Funny Animal Facts Around L.A. Zoo Watch out for the two-timing flamingo.
July 4th Display Ends With A Big Bang As Fireworks Explode At Once \My heart dropped when it happened.\
Hip-Hop Cops Stun Competition Audience With Surprise B-Boy Routine The New Zealand officers raised the roof.
Classic Wham Track Gets A Terrifying Heavy Metal Twist Leo Moracchioli puts the boom boom into our hearts.
Joey Chestnut Reclaims Top Dog Title In Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest The world record holder ate 70 hot dogs in 10 minutes, beating defending champ Matt Stonie by 17 dogs.
World's Worst Magician's Awful Trick Goes Badly Wrong On Live TV Don't try this at home!
TV Journalist Trolls Betting Shop Offering Odds On His Tie Color \So I wore all six colors and in the end Sportsbet paid out on every bet.\
Livestock Auctioneers Spit Dope Rhymes In Glorious Rap Mashups All hail their patter.
Vase Used As A Doorstop For Years Fetches Eye-Popping Price At Auction It turned out to be a rare 18th century Chinese artifact.
More Americans Embracing POMO (The 'Pleasure Of Missing Out') A new poll found 71 percent of people admit making excuses to get out of attending social gatherings at least some of the time.
Browser The Cat Allowed To Stay At Texas Library City officials voted unanimously not to evict the beloved feline, reversing themselves.
Judges Disqualify 'Witch' From World Record For A Wicked Reason Even magic couldn't help her win this marathon world record.
New Mexico Town Still Celebrates Legendary UFO Crash Tale, 69 Years On This weekend's Roswell festival marks the anniversary, more or less, of an enduring mystery.
Stray Cat Walks Into A Zoo, Gains A Very Unlikely BFF They do say that opposites attract.
Know What Strange Things People Did With Cucumbers This Week? Take The Fark Weird News Quiz Post your score in the comments section.
Orangutan Caught After Escape At Busch Gardens Tampa Bay Great ape makes great escape at the Florida theme park.
CAUGHT ON VIDEO Somehow, he remained calm and was saved by his reserve chute.
These Dudes Take Water Bottle Flips To A Whole New Level The bro parlor trick like you've never seen it.
Man Hallucinates On Ambien, Calls 911 To Report Imaginary Plane Crash \He was very calm during the call, but sounded scared.\
2 Men In Spain Skip Work For 15 Years Before Their Bosses Finally Realize They perfected the art of playing hooky.
Watch This Guy Knock A Cup Off Of His Head By Flying A Drone Into It He's William Tell, of the future.
Roll Yourself Up Like A Burrito With This Tortilla Towel We want the whole enchilada.
Ostrich Hates Paparazzi More Than Alec Baldwin There is now a permanent beak mark on the phone's screen protector.
Hunt Underway For 10-Foot Snake Seen Feeding Near Maine Playground \Wessie\ reportedly swam across the Presumpscot River after eating a large mammal.
Screw Envelopes, This Company Will Mail You A Lil' Pi\u00f1ata What a time to be alive.
Watch Stick Figures Die In Hilariously Grim New Safety Campaign From Metro Los Angeles Definitely don't do any of this stuff near a train.
Cowboy On Horseback Causes Traffic Jam On New York City Bridge This road ain't big enough for the both of us.
Motorcyclist Crashes After Unsecured Cargo Falls Off A Boat And Onto Minnesota Highway Incredibly, he only suffered minor injuries from the crash.
Horse Has Its Neigh With News Reporter Now is not the time for nuzzling.
Burn, Baby, Burn! This Might Be The Biggest Bonfire Ever Looks toasty.
These Pets Got The Memo On National Sunglasses Day Be cool, be safe.
Activist Puts Two Vampire Bats In His Mouth ... Because? Tastes like chicken?
Meet Demyte, Winner Of Lithuania's Goat Beauty Pageant \It's as if we're in a fairy tale.\
Hydraulic Press Crusher Makes Us Seriously Question How We Stash Our Cash Watch how a safe succumbs to the awesome power of the device.
Slow-Mo Video Masters Kill The Holy Merciful Crap Out Of Some Spray Paint But seriously, don't try this at home.
Man Swims In 1,500-Gallon Pool Filled With Coca-Cola And Mentos \This is something that you wouldn't even see in the movies.\
The 'Affectionator' Machine Lets Your Dog Pet You And give you treats.
Trump Gifts For Your Friends Struggling To Cope With His Campaign A Donald Trump-themed dog poo bag might just make them (and you) feel better.
Adorable Couch-Jumping Goats Prove Why Practice Makes Perfect Go Wilma and Lentil!
This Year's 'World's Ugliest Dog' Is Unconventionally Adorable Her owner describes her as a \ride or die chick.\
Mysterious Floating Black Ring Over Disneyland Explained \u201cI half expected an alien portal to open up through this ring as we were gazing up in disbelief.\
This Perfume Could Make You Smell Just Like A Comet The bad news is, a comet smells like cat pee.
Restaurant Customer Has Beef Over Being Called 'Fatty' On Receipt \He offered me a gift card, but I'd rather just not go there.\
This Is What Happens When You Put Your Phone In Ssssssomeone's Face Mister Snake is not happy.
Dog Walks In Crocs, Adorably Manages To Pull Off The Look Thankfully, the pooch doesn't wear socks.
Guy Holds An Explosion In His Hands, Then Films It In Slow Motion It's hypnotic.
He's Back! Beloved Bipedal Bear Strolls Through New Jersey Pedals makes his triumphant return.
Woman Says 'Frigging Huge' Snake Has Lived In Her House For Years So she caught the python and put a stop to that.
It's All Fun And Games Until A Bounce House Flies Into A Power Line Luckily, no children were hurt.
Video Of Mountain Biker's Wild Ride Will Terrify You \This bear came out of nowhere and was gone before I could ask if it was all right.\
Glass Window Saves Slug From Becoming Treat For Slobbering Dogs Every slug has its day.
Hydraulic Press Crusher Celebrates YouTube Award In Only Way He Knows How Lauri Vuohensilta just did what he does best.
Girl, 6, Finds Olympian's Stolen Gold Medal In Very Strange Place \u201cThis is pretty awesome.\u201d
Boulder Is Pretty Liberal, But You Still Can't Bring An Iguana To The Courthouse The X-Ray photo is worth a thousand words.
These Dogs Are The Guiltiest Snack Stealers Ever That's right, keep avoiding eye contact.
Drunk Diner Drops Huge Tip But Then Asks For It Back The Next Day \It feels like someone told you that you won the lottery, but it\u2019s not.\
Chillest Dad Ever Catches Baseball One-Handed While Holding Daughter Put him in the outfield!
Lil' Warriors And Cavs Trade Trash Talk In Funny 'Sandlot' Mashup \You mix your Wheaties with your mama's toe jam.\
Here's Why You Should Never Drive With Balloons Tied To Your Car Rookie mistake.
You'll Flip Over This Gymnast's Trampoline Skills She bounces through a window with style!
You Must Hear This Dog Sneeze Before You Do Anything Else Bless you, Maggie!
Prince Charles Knights Kevin Spacey, Sparks Photoshop Battle The internet did what it does best.
Waitress Saves Falling Coffee Cup With Astonishing Reflexes She's got skills!
Zoo Accidentally Chops Off Part Of Lion's Tail During Kids' Show On Monday, during a big cat \training session\ show at the Oregon Zoo, a lion named Zawadi was injured while a crowd of children
11-Foot Gator Found Rotting In Neighborhood Storm Drain \This was an abnormally large gator, but removal is part of what we do.\
Watch As Casey Anderson Tickles A Grizzly Bear's Feet... And Lives Do NOT try this on your own.
4-Foot-Long Snake Falls Onto Driver's Feet While She's On The Highway \u201cI am not the most flexible person in the world, but I can guarantee you that my knees were up next to my ears.\
Their Big Dream \The best thing about our relationship is our closeness.\
1,000 Sheep Run Amok Through City When Shepherd Falls Asleep You do NOT want to nod off on this job.
Chastity Belt Makes DUI Arrest A Little More Complicated Officers quickly realized it wasn't going to be a typical DUI stop.
This Clumsy Bank Robber Can't Keep His Fake Beard On His Face He's no master of disguise.
Folks Try A Drunk Driving Simulator And It's A Total Buzz Kill \I can't believe people drive like this.\
Newly Orange Seagull Rescued After Falling Into Vat Of Tikka Masala \He smelled amazing.\
WTF, Old Spice? Brand Produces Weirdest Ad Ever Something smells funny.
Donald Trump Pastry Will Gross You Out ... Just Like Donald Trump Twitter commenter asks, \Does it taste extremely bitter, sour, and rotten?\
Husky Can't Stop Blowing Bubbles; We Can't Stop Saying Awww Gurgle, gurgle, gurgle
You'll Never Rock As Hard As This 82-Year-Old Singing Drowning Pool's 'Bodies' Nothing wrong with him.
Floridians Are In A Fierce Battle Over The Name Of 'Lake Horney' The Miami New Times has bravely defended the suggestive moniker.
Extreme Pogo Stick Tricks Will Put A Spring In Your Step Stunts have way more ups than downs.
Monkey Robs Jewelry Store And We Go Bananas (VIDEO) \We also tried offering him a banana, but he perhaps knew he could buy truckloads of banana with those piece of papers.\
Murder Victim's Parents Say Parrot Witnessed Crime The bird repeated what sounds like an argument, including the phrase, \Don't f***ing shoot.\
People Are In Love With This Dog Who Looks Like A Blue-Eyed Fox But before you go, \OMG I NEED ONE,\ here are some things to keep in mind.
This Frilled-Neck Lizard Really Wants To Mess You Up A tiny lizard, with a big attitude.
Most Americans Wouldn't Sleep With Donald Trump For $1 Million \We know that Americans like to make money but there are some things that just go too far.\
Alligator Gets Caught Behind The Wheel Of An SUV Christy Kroboth says she returned to find the gator \trying to drive\u201d her car.
Fall Asleep In Class And This Could Happen To You! Don't let this be you.
Watch A Cheetah Sprint With A GoPro And Hang On For The Ride The cat's-eye view is swift and stunning.
Obama 'Singing' Rihanna's 'Work' Is Keeping America Great The president shows commanding presence in another sync-along.
Adorable Baby Fox Rescued From Drain As Mother Anxiously Looks On \It was unbelievably emotional for all of us.\
Divorced Dad Tries Paying Child Support With Pizza, And Court Is Cool With It Nicola Toso tried to give Nicoletta Zuin her slice of the pie... with pie.
Great, Now Kangaroos Are Jumping Cyclists Don't we all have enough to worry about already?
Miss Manners Gets HARSH With Teen Who Skips Own Graduation Party Mom and dad get some of the blame, too.
Super Weird Father's Day Gifts For Your Super Weird Dad Weird Dads deserve better than a normal gift.
Stoned Man Calls Cops After Mistaking Dog Bite For Gunshot Wound \He believed he'd been shot and subsequently called the police.\
Family Uses Winking Face Emoji To Announce Grandmother's Death It's exactly what 75-year-old Carmen Bustamante Barango wanted.
Gorilla Shot Dead After Grabbing 4-Year-Old Boy At Cincinnati Zoo The gorilla reportedly dragged the boy and held him for about 10 minutes.
'Ghost' Caught On Camera Browsing In Antiques Store \I was 100 percent convinced by the footage.\
This Guy Removed All His Teeth To Beat Record For Most Straws In Mouth \Guinness Rishi\ says he's set more than 20 world records.
Meet the world's most influential dogs! 
Batman Is The Worst Partner Ever During Police Ride-Along It's best you don't dial 911 for Bruce Wayne during an emergency.
Heimlich Again Makes Name For Self By Using Heimlich To Save Woman It was the 96-year-old's first time in a real emergency.
Neighbors Catch Family That Jumps From Balcony To Escape Raging Fire The blaze started when pancakes were left on a stove.
Guy Breaks Hugging World Record In A Grab At Glory A true record HOLDER.
Bionic Legs Turn Ailing Sheepdog Into 'Robo-Dog' \Sometimes when he's going up and down steps he has a fall but he picks himself up and carries on.\
Badass 7-Year-Old Attempts To Stop A Robbery Singlehandedly \u201cHe punched him!.Two left hooks while holding the Yoshi doll.\u201d
These Pitbulls Are Cuddle Experts Snuggle up.
And Now It's Time To Watch Mold Grow To The 'Game Of Thrones' Theme More rot than you'll see in all of King's Landing.
This Adorable Sleepy Pup Is A Reminder How Strong Exhaustion Can Be Just call it a day.
20,000 Bees Would Not Leave This Woman's Car Alone \u201cOne theory was that the queen was trapped in my car and the swarm were following her,\u201d she said.
The Best Place In NYC To Find Lasting Love Is Probably This Cat Cafe Fun for people, lifesaving for cats.
Woman Trapped In Bathroom Stall By Baby-Changing Station Note to all parents
Hoverboard From Hell Spins Out Of Control, Throws Little Girl At Wall FAIL.
These Baby Animals Are Yawning, But Not For The Reason You Might Think Warning
'Inception'-Themed Math Book Cover Drives Internet Haywire Has a hole been torn in the space-time continuum?
These Dogs Can't Catch For Sh*t Coordination is hard, you guys.
Eating Champ Matt Stonie Consumes Sick Amount Of Cereal As part of a complete breakfast -- for a small army.
When You Throw Dry Ice Into A Pool, Something Eerie Happens \Whoa, look at that!\
Watching This SUV Cross A River Is Unbelievably Unnerving This is probably not a good idea.
Seagull Steals Potato Chips From Coffee Shop Like It's No Big Deal And no one stepped in to stop it.
Police Apologize After Winning Sandcastle Contest With Murder Scene Critics say the sculpture was in \poor taste.\
Stray Cat Gives Birth To Extremely Rare 'Werewolf' Kitten World, meet Eyona \u2014 not only one of the most unique-looking kittens on the planet, but also quite possibly the rarest.
People Are Going Nuts Over Disturbingly Realistic Penis Lipsticks Well, realistic except for all the sparkles.
Free-Roaming Tarantulas Definitely Don't Make Flying Any Better A passenger recounts the abject terror of having a huge spider crawl up her leg mid-air.
Weatherman Freaks Out Over 'Gigantic' Spider Live On Air \I screamed like a little girl.\
Why Your Cat Is So In Love With Boxes They're not just being weird -- boxes have a real psychological benefit.
Brave Beachgoers Take Huge Chance To Rescue Tiger Shark Would you risk it?
Counting These Sheep Is Captivating, Even If They Do Look Like Maggots The herds look like little grubs in this aerial footage.
Don't Be Fooled By Its Looks. This Heron Is A Stone-Cold Fish Killer This bird knows how to fish.
This Slo-Mo Watermelon Vs. Mortar Is Another Kind Of Food Porn Because the only thing better than an exploding melon, is one in slow motion.
Why Are Kate Beckinsale And Ex Recreating Their Daughter's Birth? It sure can spice up a late-night chat.
You Can't Even Count How Many Rats Are In This Kitchen Has your skin crawled today?
Great Ball Of Fire Lights Up Sky Over New England The incredible sight was reported by people in at least nine states and Canada.
Woman With Shark Attached To Her Arm Rushed To Hospital This was no catch and release here.
Policewoman Flashed More Than Her Badge At Cop Conference Perhaps she wasn't on her breast behavior.
Nervous Flyer Screwed By Pals Who Secretly Pack Dildo In His Bag (NSFW) Another long TSA delay.
When Lemur And Wallaby Play 'Catch Me If You Can,' It Isn't Fair Who's got game?
Orangutan Pretends To Be A Ghost And We Go Bananas That's one paranormal primate!
Hydraulic Press Proves That Diamonds Are Sadly Not Forever A $4,000 gemstone was obliterated by the device.
Man Shoots Time-Lapse Video Of Bird's Nest, Gets Surprise Ending It was a front-row seat to the circle of life -- just not the part he was expecting.
Police Chief Busted For Parking On Sidewalk Does The Honorable Thing Melvin Tennyson held himself accountable.
Video Shows Tractor-Trailer Overturn On Tappan Zee Bridge The rush-hour crash backed up traffic for hours.
Prepare To Be Hypnotized By These Cute Puppies Eating Their Dinner They're wheely adorable!
Flying Turtle Crashes Through Shell-Shocked Woman's Car Windshield Incredibly, the reptile survived the crash.
Got On Your Thinking Caps? Take The Fark Weird News Quiz The world's weirdest quiz. Don't forget to tell us your score.
Soccer Team's 'Skinned Alive' Uniform Could Be The Goriest Ever There's showing off your muscles, and then there's this.
Historical Reenactor Gets Medieval On A Drone Buzzing Overhead Video shows him spearing the quadcopter out of the sky.
Raccoon's Power Station Caper Cuts Electricity To 40,000 Seattle Homes Nearly 40,000 homes were without power Wednesday morning after a raccoon broke into a substation in Seattle, Washington and
Payless Pulls Light-Up Shoes After Family Says Toddler's Caught Fire \u201cI\u2019m just glad that my son wasn\u2019t wearing it at the time,\u201d the child's mother said.
Watch A Bro Surf Another Bro Down The Stairs Because ... Bros Dude!
Oh Yeaaaaah! Meet The Voice Of The Kool-Aid Man Actor and singer Frank Simms also sang background vocals for David Bowie.
A Cat And Her Living Shadow Are Freaking The Internet Out A snap of Pete and Sully will make you paws for thought.
Beach Woman's Feat Of Strength Is Uplifting Nobody is going to kick sand in her face.
Watch An Army Of Gummy Bears Come To A Sad And Sticky End The hydraulic press shows no mercy on the sweet treats.
Badass Skydivers Show You Don't Need Magic To Play Quidditch These daredevil Muggles are living out every Harry Potter fan's dream.
World\u2019s Police Departments Step Up To Dance Challenge But who has the best moves?
'Cats Meok Bang,' Livestream Of Stray Cats Eating, Is A Good Sign For Korea's Felines The online show can improve cats' image in a country where many people hate them.
Drowsy Driving Delivers Unto Us A Horde Of Bees And Thousands Of Potatoes End times.
Think You're Having A Bad Day? Watch What Happens To This Fox Not every dive's a winner.
Deer Rescued After Literally Being Caught In A Head Light The deer was found blindly wandering around the woods in Long Island, New York, before an officer came to the rescue.
Watch These Ferocious Lions Turn Into Playful Kittens When They See Their Favorite Toy A little butcher paper gets these big cats jumping.
Fishermen Hook Massive Rare Sawfish In Stunning Catch And Release How's this for a whopper of a tail?
Here's Why You Should Be Extra Careful Crossing The Street With Earbuds In A pedestrian's close call was captured on a motorbike rider's helmet camera.
Crafty Bird Steals Sleeping Dog's Fur To Make A Nest The pooped pooch doesn\u2019t appear too bothered.
Trust Us ... Your Mom Really Wants A Mermaid Tail Check out the Weird News Mother's Day Gift Guide
Internet Freaks Out Over Commercial Showing Man Painting A Fence It\u2019s believed to be the first Slow TV ad.
Excitable Dog Just Can't Help Boogying Down To The Banjo \He never stops...\
Glamorous Pup Won't Let A Manicure Happen Without Her Always put your best paw forward.
Would You Know This Was A Sex Doll If We Didn\u2019t Tell You? An exhibition of love dolls shows just how far they've come  in looking real.
This Rotting, 60,000-Pound Whale Is Getting The Most Gruesome Burial \It's going to be something you can't unsee. It's not going to be pretty.\
Firefighters Are Happy To Rescue 12 Police Officers Stuck Inside Elevator Fire crews 1. Cops 0.
Neighbors Unimpressed With Morgues Trying To Pass As Hotels Japan has too many bodies and not enough places to put them.
WHOOPS! New Zealand Woman Returns Library Book... 67 Years Late She borrowed the book as a child, then moved away.
See This Monkey? This Monkey WILL Steal Your Phone This is what happens to people who record videos vertically.
These Little Dogs Are No Match For Big, Bad Couches Sofa, so good!
Mid-Air Collision With Bird Leaves 2-Foot Crater In Airliner Nose Anyone know where Big Bird was on Wednesday afternoon?
Watch This Badass Woman Walk Through An Explosive Field Like A Boss Meet Russia's Terminator.
Judd Apatow Makes Bizarre Prince Penis Joke At Garry Shandling Tribute The going got purple when director compared the deceased stars.
Jungle Cruise Elephant Flies Over Disneyland Now there's something you don't see every day.
Windows 10 Update Interrupts Weather Report Just As It Was Getting Good To the southeast you'll see that I need to update my computer.
Look, Ma, No Board! Dude Slides Down Steep Street On His Sneakers Saving it for a rainy day.
Mayor Accused Of Stealing 111 Road Signs Frankfort Village Mayor Frank Moracco is on a dangerous (and perhaps unmarked) road.
Watch This Woman Wolf Down A Burrito As Big As Her Arm She establishes competitive-eating first for women.
Spoiled Cow Breaks Into Her Home Just To Wait For Her Family Beryl is far from your ordinary cow. For one, she thinks she's a dog \u2014 after all, she grew up side by side with two puppies
Colorado Town's Entire Police Force Just Quit But there won't be complete anarchy.
Mr. Belding Slams A Wrestler Who Can't Be Saved By The Bell You're still in charge, Mr. B.
Trump And Hitler Among Names Suggested For Texas Elementary School At least eight people want Robert E. Lee Elementary renamed as \The Adolf Hitler School for Friendship and Tolerance.\
Female Ted Cruz Lookalike Agrees To Do Porn For $10,000 Her boyfriend -- and future costar -- is proud
Know What Trouble These Spiders Are Weaving? Take The Fark Weird News Quiz Know what trouble the redback spider is weaving? Take the Fark Weird News Quiz and show your weird news knowledge to the
Cops Mourn The Death Of Their Littlest Friend Saying goodbye is never easy.
Watch These Slow-Motion Video Masters Drum Up A Paint Rainbow A beautiful mess!
Here's What Happens When You Crush Cap Gun Ammo With A Hydraulic Press This video has a pop to it.
The Reason This Cow Is So Insanely Muscular This bull is one extraordinarily ripped individual.
Guy Turns Skyscraper Ledge Into Death-Defying Balance Beam He probably had trouble finding a spotter.
Hero EMT Mows Patient's Lawn, As If Saving His Life Weren't Enough EMT
Hillary Clinton Is Making Big Promises To UFO Believers \There are enough stories out there that I don't think everybody is just sitting in their kitchen making them up.\
Florida Fire Crews Called To Rescue Pet Iguana Stuck In Tree It's certainly a change from cats.
Elvis Meets Nixon (And Inspires A Comedy Film) A new comedy sheds light on the mysterious meeting between a president and the King.
'Forceful' In-Flight Nipple Tweak Lands Olympic Swimmer In Hot Water \I seriously and genuinely regret my poor behavior.\
Cheating? Don't Do It On This High-Tech Mattress Memory foam has nothing on this.
English Town Builds Shrine For Cookies Dropped On Street \u201cI first saw them at around 10 p.m. and felt the twinge of sympathy natural for such a horrible scene.\u201d
James Bond Stunt Double Backflips Over Speeding Car In Heart-Pounding VR Video Damien Walters leaps over the Formula E vehicle as it travels at 60 mph.
Workmen Discover Roman Villa While Laying Power Lines Archaeologists believe it was built between the years 175 and 220.
Adorable Baby Goat Is Full Of The Joys Of Spring Embrace your inner kid!
Porn Star Does Her Taxes, Seeks Deductions On Seductions \Can I write off lubricant?\
Warrior Toddler Wields Metal Pipe To Defend Grandma From Authorities It's not the size of the boy in the fight...
Skiers Rescued After Spending Four Days Trapped On Alaska Glacier It was supposed to be a day trip.
Grandma Lost In Wilderness Rescued After Writing 'HELP' In Rocks And Sticks She survived for nine days drinking pond water and eating plants.
All This Goat Wants In Life Is A Cup Of Coffee At Starbucks \She\u2019s a really happy and sweet goat. She\u2019s also pretty curious.\
Lucky Dog Survives 300-Foot Fall After Leaping Off Cliff \It was awful. You could hear him sliding and bouncing and yelping.\
It's History Carpe dong, fellas
Monkey Drop Kicks Unsuspecting Pedestrian To The Ground Don't upset this simian!
Dog Plays With Calligraphy Ink Set While Owners Are Out, And It Doesn't End Well Uh-oh!
Out-Of-Control Drone Crashes Through Office Window, Hits Man In Head Warning
Prank Caller Tricks Burger King Workers Into Smashing Windows The damage the workers did with tire irons and other objects likely caused thousands of dollars in damage.
Botched Bread Loaf Makes Spectacle Of Baker Flour? Check. Water? Check. Glasses? Hmm, check.
Castaways Rescued After Spelling Out 'HELP' In Palm Fronds The Skipper would be proud!
Leaping Shark Slams Into Paddleboarder In Florida Spinning sharks are common off the Sunshine State's coast. Flying marine beasts are not.
Dying Car Alarm Is Reborn As A Bangin' Beat In Viral Video Where is this genius when we're awakened at 2 a.m. on our street?
Fascinating Video Uncovers What's Inside A Rattlesnake's Rattle How does the venomous snake make that distinctive sound?
Man Facing Jail Time Over Trump Flag Says It 'Will Never Come Down' You tell 'em.
Dog Runs To Bed When TV Goes Off, Doesn't Ask To Stay Up More But is someone recording the pooch's late-night shows?
Penis Ring Sparks Bomb Alert In German Casino The vibrating sex toy led to evacuations and street closure.
Watch A Flamethrower In Slow Motion Because, Duh Fire good.
This Toddler Can Apparently Talk To Turkeys Though whether he'll use his powers for good or evil, we can't say.
Watch Driver's Terrifying Close Call As An Oncoming Car Corkscrews Out Of Control Incredibly, the other driver was not seriously injured.
Watch This Hyrdaulic Press Crush An Innocent Lego Person Into A Pancake No, no, no, no, no... ouch.
San Diego Tour Ship Crashes Into Dock, Succumbs To Pier Pressure 'Brace yourselves or hold on to something.'
Crotch-Grabbing Player Doesn't Shake Hands With Romantic Rival Crude and rude, dude.
People Are Being Less Than Totally Respectful Of Donald Trump's Walk Of Fame Star Who could have seen this coming?
Hydraulic Press Squeezes The Life Out Of A Bowling Ball (And Other Stuff) Don't try this at home!
Rhode Island Marketing Chief Quits Over Tourism Video Showing Iceland The promo for the state showed a skateboarder in Reykjavik,
Watch An Escalator Malfunction Send Flyers Hockey Fans Flying \Escalator got a little excited about the flyers win too...\
Police Chief And His 'Drug-Sniffing' Cat Pull Off Epic Traffic Stop Prank Feline \officer\ Froo Froo assisted in the April Fools' Day joke.
Thousands Of Jellyfish Pack Florida Beach, Painting The Shore Blue The jellyfish, called Velella velella or \purple sailors,\ are considered relatively harmless to humans.
Children Guide Police Helicopter To Suspects In Incredibly Creative Way They dropped to the ground to form a human arrow.
A Cereal Box Full Of Cocaine Breakfast just got a lot more interesting.
What Self-Respecting Cop Would Accept This Cake As A Bribe? The confection allegedly came with a note
Guy Pens His Own Cheeky Obituary Angus MacDonald, who died Friday, wrote of his death with humor and wit.
Porcupine Fish Is Trapped In A Net, But BFF Won't Leave His Side Awwwww!
TV Reporter Loses It As Parrot Lands On Her Shoulder Seconds Before Broadcast \I can't get it off me, oh my God, oh my God, can you please get it off me.\
Guy Builds 'Hollywood Star' Robot And It Sure Looks Like ScarJo He wants to make more.
Good Dog! Pet Brings Home $1,000 Worth Of Marijuana \It's kinda hard to question the dog,\ the sheriff's office says.
Rhode Island Unveils Official Tourism Video... Showing Iceland It's part of a $5 million campaign boasting the Ocean State's \u201cuniqueness.\u201d
Dogs Eating Peanut Butter Is Love At First Bite Shouldn't one of the models be named Skippy?
Airplane Passenger 'Finds Whole New Way To Be Awful At 35,000 Feet' Boston Globe columnist Dante Ramos wasn't amused when confronted with this on a flight.
Runaway Goat Flashes Sheepish Grin After Being Nabbed By Police \He was just enjoying the springtime weather.\
Cop Rescues Cat \u2026 With A Taser Curiosity saved this cat.
Candy-Crazed Parents Blamed For Ruining Kids' Easter Egg Hunt \Everyone just rushed the field and took everything.\u201d
Cat Survives 8 Days In Box After Owner Accidentally Mails Her Across England \I feel terrible about what's happened.\
Competitive Eater Matt Stonie Packs Away 200 Peeps In One Sitting Don't try this at home.
Watch An Entire Irish Pub Sing 'Mr. Brightside' In Moving Send-Off For Dead Friend Warning
Driver Dramatically Rescued From Car Found Hanging From Power Lines \I've been doing this for 38 years, and I've never seen this before.\
Weather Forecaster Packs Report With 20 'Batman v Superman' Puns Can you spot them all?
Hillary Clinton \If there is something there, unless it's a threat to national security, I think we ought to share it with the public.\
Golden Man Won't Win Oscar For For Hit-And-Run Crash He painted himself into a corner.
Someone Spotted Satan Inside A Tasty-Looking Cut Of Beef What are the odds?
This Little Bird Can Mimic Your iPhone Ringtone Perfectly Is this a Tim Cook-atiel?
Shakespeare's Skull Is Believed To Be Missing From His Grave \It's very very convincing to me that his skull isn't at Holy Trinity at all.\
Dog Interrupts Brazilian Soccer Match, Gets Star Treatment Awwwww.
Beer Truck Collides With Chip Truck, Making Frat Boy Dreams Come True What, no nut truck?
Pine Cone-Throwing Man Moons Cops Before Climbing Down 80-Foot Tree He had been in a dramatic standoff with first responders since Tuesday morning.
Goldfish Born Without Jawbone Gets Life-Saving Braces Its name? Mr. Hot Wing.
Hockey Puck Vs. Hydraulic Press Is The Best March Madness \My wife really thinks the press cannot break the hockey puck.\
Cat Turning On The Lights Is Way More Fun Than A Clapper How illuminating.
This Landlord Welcomes Dogs, But Not Trump Supporters It's time to Make the Living Room Great Again.
The Only Hoverboard Ski Prank Video You'll Ever Need The silliness goes downhill pretty fast.
Fire Breather Disaster At Pep Rally \u201cI know what I\u2019m doing but I just didn\u2019t practice with that liquid.\u201d
Man With 'Bionic' Penis Loses Virginity At Age 44 \I\u2019ve been waiting for this day since I was 18.\
Helicopter Airlifts Horse To Safety After It Falls Down Ravine Incredibly, the animal was not injured from its tumble.
Cat Burglar Just Can't Stop Stealing Male Neighbors' Underwear Kleptomaniac kitty Brigit is \obsessed\ with menswear, says her owner.
These Sea Lions Are Not Fans Of Wacky Waving Air Dancers The inflatables are an Oregon port's latest attempt to scare away the overcrowding sunbathers.
'Hungover Baby' Could Be The Newest Member Of The Wolfpack He could be auditioning for \The Hangover Part IV.\
This Guy Is Pretty Sure He Found Fossils From Noah's Flood Seems legit.
Why This Massage Bar Is Causing Plants To Grow In People's Drains This kind of makes us want to get one.
Woman Cooks Bacon With AR-15 Rifle. Breakfast Just Got Real. We hope this doesn't trigger a new culinary trend.
Laughing Fox Sounds Like He's Having Way More Fun Than You \He's a very vocal, very loving, very happy fox.\
Naughty Panda Cub Doesn't Care How Expensive That Camera Is One punch and it's all over.
Little Piggy Dancing To Rihanna's 'Work' Will Make Your Day Please don't stop the music!
Man Accused Of Egging Former Neighbor's House More Than 100 Times But Jason Kozan, 30, says there are cracks in the case.
Things Are Bats**t In This Florida Official's Office Literally, 10 pounds of bat feces were found in his ceiling.
Finally, A Business Suit Suitable For A Horse Clothes do make the man, er, horse.
High Speed Race To Bathroom Ends In Stinking Police Car This could leave a stain on one man's record.
Kayaker Rescues Naked Skinny Dipper Clinging To Riverside Tree \I thought, 'Oh please, don't let him drown!'\
'Captain America' Wanted In Beauty Store Burglary Superheroes are supposed to fight crime, not cause it!
Try Not To Go All Gooey Watching This Cute Baby Alligator Hatch \Looks like a scene out of Jurassic Park!\
Adorable Girl Takes Singing Queen's 'Bohemian Rhapsody' Very, Very Seriously Oh, mama mia, mama mia!
Egyptian Man Jailed For 3 Years Over 'Unfaithful Wives' Comments Taymour el-Sobky was found to have slandered Egyptian women.
Burglar Insists He Broke Into Home To Save Wife Taylor Swift He's been charged with aggravated burglary.
This Guy Wondered If He Could Take A Boxer's Punch. Now He Knows. \It was pretty awesome.\
No, This Isn't A New James Bond Stunt You only sink once!
Jet Ski Smacks Down Drone That Dared To Get In Its Way The sky ain't big enough for the both of them.
Sly Fox Steals Golfer's Wallet, Makes Terrible Caddie This is one money player.
World's Chillest Dog Rides Out Storm Aftermath On A Lawn Mower The pooch looks like he wants to help clean up.
Radio Host Pranks The $%#& Out of Co-Host No, you can't say this on the air.
This Giraffe Is REALLY Excited About Spring Finally, some warm weather!
Frightened Chihuahua Tries To Evade Police, Gets Stuck Under Cop Car When threatened, hide out of reach.
Out-Of-Control SUV Lands On Roof Of Grocery Store PITTSBURGH (KDKA) \u2014 An out-of-control SUV ended up on the roof of a grocery store in the city\u2019s Greenfield section Tuesday
Runaway Piglet Finds Solace In Friar\u2019s Arms After Frantic Foot Chase Nearly a dozen people got in on the San Francisco pig chase, including a construction worker and a suited businessman.
WHOA! Reporter Barely Avoids Car Crash During Live Report \I am grateful to be OK, that's all I can say.\
Medics Drop Soccer Player From Stretcher; He's Ticked \That's embarrassing, embarrassing, embarrassing.\
Woman Drives Around With 15-Foot Tree Stuck In Her Car's Grille Like It's NBD Maryann Christy was arrested for DUI.
Rare Video Captures Wild Sea Otter Giving Birth \u201cSpoiler alert
Navy Cadets Funk Up Graduation Ceremony With Surprise Flash Mob Don't believe me? Just watch.
North Carolina Drivers Are Getting Rickrolled With Bogus Parking Tickets They look legit... until you scan their QR code.
People Just Won't Stop Stealing 'Katie Crotch Road' Signs The thefts are costing a town hundreds of dollars each year.
Dog Crashes Tractor-Trailer Into Parked Car And Tree Yes, really.
Shark Joins Dad And Daughter Swimming Off New Zealand Coast Just when you thought it was safe to go back in the water...
How To Open A Can With A Machete, Just In Case You never know.
Donald Trump Compares Hands With Reporter, Maybe Cheats See the photos and decide for yourself.
Regular People Wrestle Sumo Champ, Maybe Regret It \I'm just trying not to fart in the ring.\
This Is What Happens When Condoms Run For President 'Who here thinks they're most qualified to be erected?'
Trust Us, You Don't Want A Piece Of This Iguana Leapin' lizards!
You Won't Believe How Many People Cook In The Raw Has someone offered to make you a home-cooked meal? There's a good possibility they will make it naked. A new survey suggests
This Crazy Contraption Makes Beautiful Music Using Marbles Sadly, the machine is too big to take on the road.
Parachuter Catches Some Serious Air While Surfing On Wingsuiter's Back You have to see it to believe it.
7 Awful Sounds No One Ever Wants To Hear If isn't wasn't for ears, we'd be unable to appreciates things like music or the soft sound of a lover cooing in your ear
'Spawtlight' Is The Parody That SHOULD Have Won The Oscar We love Boston, but this is still hilarious.
Famed Stoner Tommy Chong Spends How Much On Weed!?! Comedian Tommy Chong is one of the world's most famous stoners. You'd assume that a guy who is that associated with marijuana
Boy's First Vending Machine Experience Ends In 6-Hour Nightmare ...and we don't even know if he got his Oreos.
Every Oscar Movie Is Better With Puppies Why do filmmakers ignore this irrefutable fact?
This Sly Dog Hilariously Won't Admit Interest In Owner's Meal Good boy!
Police Officer Cheats Death As Out-Of-Control Car Crashes Just A Few Feet Away The cop was dealing with an earlier accident when the smash occurred.
Sewage Truck Carrying Porta-Potties Rolls Over, Dumps Stinky Mess The vehicle reportedly swerved to avoid a barrel while driving near Mesa, Arizona.
Delivery Driver Leaves Package Exactly Where Customer Requested But in hindsight, it probably wasn't the best spot.
Oregon City Fires Goats From Landscaping Duties Officials in Salem said they cost too much and gave off \a barnyard aroma.\
Suspected Drug Dealers Used Crocodiles To Guard Cash, Police Say \I think they thought it was safer.\
Woman Accused Of Smuggling Half-Pound Of Cocaine In Vagina Officials said the cocaine was valued at around $10,000.
Sorry Everyone, This Jacket Is The New #TheDress We know. We KNOW.
McDonald's Billboard Gives Directions To Burger King. For Real. But there's a good reason.
Watch Dirt Bikers Get A Bit Too Close To Nature The riders narrowly avoid a big, bounding bear.
Someone At UMich Reported A Snow Penis As A 'Bias Incident' Higher learning ice-capades are snow joke.
Enchanting Sky Blue Ice Draws Photographers To Lake Michigan Bridge In case winter has you feeling blue.
Last Seal Standing After Major Wipeout Not Sure Where Friends Went No seals were harmed in the making of this video.
Americans Face Up To Their Farting Fears In Survey We think it's awkward during sex. Duh.
It's Always No Shave Meow-Vember For Mustache Kitten Paw-fect style.
Man Takes A Dump In Bucket On Bus, Doesn't Give A Squat (NSFW) 'The number 2 bus?'
Is This The World's Loudest Burp? This Australian Man Thinks So At 110.6 decibels, it rivals chain saws and lawn mowers.
You've Never Seen Yo-Yo Like This, Yo This dude will string you along, and you'll love it
Lovers Tell Each Other How They Really Wanna Get Their Freak On Vampire role play or theme park, anyone?
Woman Accused Of Commandeering Bus After Driver Tells Her To Stop Smoking She didn't get very far.
Giant Rice Turtle Shells Out Good Luck This Chinese New Year So. Much. Rice.
Girl Scout Targets Stoners By Selling Cookies Outside Pot Dispensary They didn't stand a chance.
Coast Guard Plucks Swimmers From Sea In Dramatic Video \It's a reminder that the sea has hidden dangers.\
Car Crashes Straight Through Restaurant Window, Injuring 4 The driver in Ranchi, India, reportedly hit the accelerator instead of the brake.
Woman, Daughter And Granddaughter Die In Michigan Car Crash Three generations of the same family were killed.
Foolhardy Man Somehow Cheats Death While Trying To Cross Train Tracks \The rail environment is not a playground,\ says the rail network's interim CEO.
Boston Zoo's Newborn Baby Goat Is Too Cute To Handle Chewbacca was born at Franklin Park Zoo on Tuesday.
Owner Uses Cat For A Purr-fect Life Hack No need for a handyman in this home.
Woman Loses Appetite After Finding Snake's Head In Can Of Green Beans \I saw eyes. That's when I just dropped it and screamed.\
It's Officially Love Your Pet Day, As If You Needed A Reminder Give your furry friends an extra scratch behind the ears today.
Girl Gives Mom The Slip... And Ends Up Locking Herself In Bank Safe Firefighters finally managed to free the 2-year-old.
Audio Recordings Document 'Weird Music' Heard By Apollo Astronauts On Far Side Of Moon \If you\u2019re behind the moon and hear some weird noise on your radio, and you know you\u2019re blocked from the Earth, then what could you possibly think?\
Listen To A Lottery Winner Discover Her Prize Is MUCH Bigger \I'm getting my zeros mixed up.\
Voice Of Siri Speaks Out About Apple You may not know the name Susan Bennett, but if you have an iPhone, you've heard her voice. Bennett is the voice of Siri
Listen To This 911 Call And Decide For Yourself If Turkeys Have Declared War Mail carriers be warned.
Watch This Motorcyclist's Extremely Close Call With A Bear Terrifying encounter caught on helmet camera.
'Hairy Panic' Overwhelms Rural Australian Town Extremely dry conditions in Wangaratta have resulted in an explosion of the fast-growing tumbleweed.
Man's Girlfriend Gives Him Most Embarrassing Shirt Ever A woman gives a man a custom-made shirt as a gift. Sweet or something more sinister? Let's split the difference and just
Hungry, Angry Wendy's Customer Bites Employee Where's the beef?
Actor Finds Upper Hand After Having His Fingers Replaced With Toes \My view as an actor is \u2018I can use it when I want to.'\
Blowup Sex Doll Serves As Scarecrow, Is Big Turnoff For Birds Not just another airhead.
Man's Too Busy Yelling At Traffic To Notice Tornado Spinning By Him This one blew right over his head.
T-Rex On A Horse Playing Soccer Is Your Freakiest Dream Come True Could be the start of a polo dino-sty
Chinese Farmer Builds Towering Clay Castle In Hopes His Dead Brothers Will Return It's being called \a real-life version of Howl's Moving Castle.\
Water Main Break Leaves Scranton Neighborhood Practically Encased In Ice Residents had to leave their homes as icy water flooded basements and shut down heating systems.
Adorable Dogs Teach Us How To Properly Hug It Out Cute pups educate us on five different embraces.
Cat In A Paint Roller Proves Sometimes You've Got To Roll With It In a dizzying video, the cat jumps in and out of a tube being rolled back and forth on the floor.
Yes, This Sea Lion Is Using A Selfie Stick Milo captured a dive with a GoPro camera.
Dating Disasters Running past airport security to declare your love? Leave it for the movies.
Watch Heroic Passersby Drag Mom And Child Out From Sinking Car Four men selflessly dived into a freezing cold Amsterdam canal for the rescue.
This Dog Is Smart, But Please Stop Claiming He Can Read The pup helps kids out in the classroom, but trainers are skeptical about the reading claims.
These Unlikely Animal Duos Prove Love Knows No Boundaries We think these odd couples are purrr-fect.
This Prankster Keeps Throwing Eggs To His Unsuspecting Mom And she keeps catching them.
These Sheep Look More Like A Flock Of Birds Mesmerizing aerial footage shows them herded between paddocks.
11 Hilarious Expressions For 'Having Sex' From All Over The World Every culture is unique and every culture has unique terms for having sex.\u00a0 YourTango has compiled some of the weirdest.
Pomeranian's Valentine Is A Fluffball Of Fabulous Love You're killin' us, Jiff
College Student Wants People To Eat Chik-Fil-A And Ketchup Off Her Body Chew on this
8 Crazy Things That Happen To Your Body When You Have Tons Of Sex We all know that having a ton of sex makes us feel great. What isn't to enjoy about it? But there's a whole lot of interesting
Year Of The Monkey Poster Is This Year's Nastiest Design Fail (NSFW) Naturally, the Internet is going apes**t.
Doritos Roses Are The Only Valentine's Day Gift Worth Giving Just don't try to eat the petals.
Oh, Snap! Slow Mo Guy Puts Tongue In Mouse Trap, Regreths It Thtupid thtunt, cool video
'All You Need For A Perfect Salad'? A Giant Pre-Packaged Spider It doesn't get much fresher than this.
No Sense Crying Over The Truckload Of Milk Spilled On Texas Highway Someone get the mop.
This Clown Accused Of DUI 'Just Had A Few Drinks' The suspect was driving a red Ford SUV, not a clown car.
Man Plugs Neck Wound With Shwarma (And Other Crazy True Survival Tales) Medical science is always coming up with new life-saving methods. But sometimes, in a pinch, people have to rely on whatever
Man Sticks His Tongue In A Mouse Trap And Films It In Slow-Mo Build a better mousetrap and the world beats a path to your door. What happens when you film yourself sticking your tongue
This Adorable Dog Is Likely Better House-Trained Than You Bentley ALWAYS wipes his paws before going inside.
Confusion As London Bus Is Blown Up For New Jackie Chan Movie The blast even took the National Police Air Service by surprise.
Cops Called To Scrapyard 'Riot' Relieved To Find Rap Video Being Filmed UK artist Shotty Horroh's new clip caused quite the scene.
Dramatic Video Captures Family\u2019s Rescue From Car Swallowed By Sinkhole \We were scared, because water began to filter into the vehicle.\
Vehicles Fall Through Wisconsin Lake's Ice As Parking Lot Collapses 15 cars and trucks descended into the freezing cold water.
Holy Crab! Fearless Australian Poses With Massive Coconut Crab \To get nipped by one you have to be pretty slow.\
The Fish Bowl -- For When The Puppy Bowl Is Just Too Ruff Honestly, probably less boring than your average football game.
Breathtaking 360-Degree Ski Video Made With Just iPhone And String This proves that budget equipment can produce amazing results.
Courageous Sea Lion Visits Gift Shop, Doesn't Buy Anything Looking good, sea lion.
Dueling Tattoo Parlors Offer Free Ink For Trump And Bernie Fans If you really love Trump, head to New Hampshire. If you want to feel the Bern forever, Vermont's your state.
Adorable Beagle vs. Rabbit Puppet A head-ripping good time.
Couple Turns To Real-Life Pet Detective To Find Missing Cat He's like Ace Ventura -- but better.
Watch This Tattoo Actually Come To Life Before Your Eyes The next level of tattoo art is here in the form of \Ink Mapping.\ Using an animated projection technique, artists are able
\u2018Wild Boar Curling\u2019 Rescues Stranded Wild Boars From Frozen Lake Get this pig in a blanket!
With This Snowball Machine Gun You Will Own Winter You'll practically beg for a blizzard.
Guy Eats 8 Pounds Of Chicken And Rice, Then Shows Off Tight Abs Where does it all go?
Deputy's 'Whip/Nae Nae' Elevator Dance Is Unforgettable The Superman!
Someone Is Riding A Tricycle Under This Moving Stack Of Crates Hail to the delivery driver.
Little Boy's Rocket Launch Isn't The Success He'd Planned Good try, kid.
Behold, San Francisco's Open-Air Urinal Hey, it's better than people peeing, well... everywhere else.
This Dog In Brazil Probably Plays Soccer Way Better Than You Scotch has some real silky skills.
Man Arrested Wearing 'Really Good At Making Really Bad Decisions' T-Shirt He's been booked on numerous charges, but, surprisingly, no crimes against fashion.
Behold The Magnificent Cloud Penis Things are looking up
Bunny Blown Onto Roof In Storm Rescued By Heroic Firefighters Just another reason to keep your rabbits in the house.
Finally! CIA Releases 'X-Files' Docs, Details 'How To Investigate' UFOs Intelligence agency posts unexpected info about flying saucers.
Stunning Video Shows Pro Paraglider Soaring Beneath The Northern Lights Wow.
Voodoo Doughnut Creates Ammon Bundy Donut, Says 'Welcome To Portland' The militia leader is currently behind bars in PDX.
Caught On Video \The tank that exploded was like a missile.\
Anyone Can Lift A Car With A Little Help From Their Exoskeleton It's all in the mechanical legs.
Physicist Shot At With High-Powered Rifle Underwater Because Science The things some people will do for science. Take physicist Andreas Wahl who let himself be shot at with a high-powered rifle
Guy In Superman Getup Foils Robbery, Earns 'S' On His Chest \I feel like a real life super hero\
Santa Claus Pleads Guilty To Reckless Driving Ho, ho, no :(
Someone Stole A Ton Of Very, Very Valuable Bull Semen Who would have the balls to do such a thing?
This Poker Player Is Dead And Embalmed And He\u2019s Not Bluffing Naturally, there was a full house at the funeral.
Lizard Found In Salad Gets Second Chance As Classroom Pet The reptile is now named \Green Fruit Loop.\
Director Forces Censors To Watch 10-Hour Movie Of Paint Drying British film director Charlie Lyne's latest film won't win many awards, except maybe from people who hate film censorship
Massive Search And Rescue Finds Its 'Victim' -- A Sex Doll So deflating.
Red Bull's 'Chain Reaction' Video Has Every Incredible Stunt You Can Imagine \What we wanted to do was show every air sports discipline we do on the Red Bull Air Force team and put it into one massive sequence.\
Snow Penis On A Car Is A Traffic-Stopper (NSFW) Talk about sex drive
Scruffy-Looking Nerfherder Confronts Galaxy's Darkest Dad In Epic Proposal Then he proposes with one ring to rule them all.
Yes, Bubble Wrap Is Glamorous And We Proved It This is clearly the new trend.
Sumo Militia Man Dares Chris Christie To Match We'd Pay To See Finally, a heavyweight bout to care about
Watch As A Robot Solves A Rubik's Cube In Just 1.019 Seconds Let's welcome our new Rubik's Cube overlords.
Is It Pizza Rat? NYC Rodent Filmed Tunneling Through Snow After Blizzard Here's hoping a rat isn't the next thing you find while playing in the snow.
Know What 25 Percent Of People Do In The Gym? Take The Fark Weird News Quiz People work out at the gym, but 25 percent admit doing something else. If you know what it is, take the Fark Weird News Quiz
Naming A Cockroach After Your Valentine Is Actually Really Romantic Roaches are pretty badass.
City Says Nudists Can't Use The Gym Naked Anymore But the nudists aren't going down without a fight.
You Will Never Love Anything As Much As DC's Panda Loves Snow D'AWWW.
Now's Your Chance To Ski Through New York City And Washington, DC Though huddling inside where it's warm and safe remains an appealing alternative.
Americans Are Embarrassed By Farts, Says Least Surprising Poll Ever But we didn't realize coughing and farting simultaneously was such a problem.
All Kinds Of Mind-Blowing Air Stunts Going On Here You can't stop watching this daredevil dance.
Homoerotic Donald Trump Novel Is Getting 'Yuge' Response On Amazon It's the erotic novel no one saw coming
Survey Says The Ideal Number Of Sex Partners Is... How many sexual partners do you want your partner to have? A new survey suggests that most people would like their partner
Doctor Suspended After Video Shows Her Trying To Hit Uber Driver \I'll do whatever the f*** I want.\
Burger King Employee Flame Broils Uniform After Getting Fired, Police Say It's a whopper of an allegation.
Care For A Dip? Crocodile Found Livin' It Up In Florida Swimming Pool This estimated 8-foot-long croc knows a good thing when he sees one.
So Many Penises Dangling On This Fashion Week Runway (NSFW) Phallic necklaces are well-hung
40 Of The Strangest Items We\u2019ve Sent Into Outer Space I know that I\u2019m not alone in my love of all things space-related.
Little Truck vs. Giant Sand Dune I think I can! I think I can! I think I can!
Hermit Meets 21st Century After Being Flown To Siberian Hospital The 70-year-old woman, who has spent her entire life in the wilderness, called for help with an emergency satellite phone.
Kids Are Pulling Out Their Wobbly Teeth In The Most Insane Ways A nerf gun is used in the latest viral video.
Lotto Loser's 'Powerball Reimbursement Fund' Raises $800 On GoFundMe The unlucky woman said she spent a fortune on tickets while \expecting to win the 1.5 billion.\
Know The Month Where People Are The Least Punchy? Take The Fark Weird News Quiz People get hit all throughout the year, but one month is less \punchier\ than the others. If you know what it is, take the
Finally, Obama Weighs In On What Kind Of Pants Dogs Should Wear The eternal question
Watch Mexican Authorities Incinerate 20 Tons Of Seized Narcotics Heroin, cocaine, meth, opium and marijuana all went up in flames.
Man Pays For New Truck With $12,000 In Small Bills And Coins Keep the change.
Business Genius Gets Town Buzzing By Selling Sex Toys At Food Cart \u201cSex sells. We all love it. We love it more than we actually show it.\
Watch Guy Down Nearly A Week's Calories In 2 Minutes Where do you put it all, Matt Stonie?
Why The Hell Would A Formula 1 Car Race Down A Ski Slope? A great way to avoid paying for a lift ticket.
Prison For Mental Health CEO Who Embezzled $500,000 For Palm Reader The fortune teller failed to tell him this would happen.
Confused Little Lamb Dorrit Really Believes She's A Dog She's doggone adorable.
Barbie Teaches How To Take Sexy Selfies A sexy selfie isn't just a way to show off your assets, it can also be a way to boost your self esteem. But there are dos
No, Internet, This Isn't A Big Hairy Butt In That Baby's Face Get your mind out of the gutter, Internet.
Woman Allegedly Stripped Naked, Punched Customer At Waffle House Check please.
Waffle House Fires Workers For Styling Hair With Kitchen Equipment And it was caught on tape.
How Life Stinks When You Have No Sense Of Smell It's easy to imagine the challenges to people who can't see or hear, but people who have no sense of smell also have difficulties
WATCH The dishwasher quit on the spot.
Python Thief Stuffs Snake Down Pants \Putting a snake down your pants is not super bright.\
Man Who Ordered A Kindle Gets A Tumor Sample Delivered Instead \I'd be happy to do an exchange.\
Gandalf The Traveling Cat Wants You To Go On Vacation, Right Meow Don\u2019t be a scaredy-cat. See the world!
CAUGHT ON VIDEO \I was on the world's worst roller coaster that could only end with death, or so I thought.\
Dead Veteran's Family Pay Tribute By Firing His Ashes Out Of Guns \I think he got a kick out of that.\
Crocodile Can't Get Enough Of This Slippery Water Slide Whoooosh!
Man Sets Himself And Apartment On Fire While Trying To Kill Bedbugs \He was melting. I was scared. He was screaming.\
Mountain Lion Found With Teeth Growing Out Of Its Head The strange growth left the state wildlife department stumped.
Tongue-tied Commentator Confuses Soccer Star's Name With Penis Pienaar. Penis. Whatever.
That's No Submarine. That's A Lamborghini! Sports car vs. flood is a battle for the ages
Applebee's Cook's Lost Fingertip Turns Up In Woman's Salad \So THAT'S where that went!\
Lightning Strike Leaves Bison With Badass Scar Sparky was scorched across his hump and leg.
Boxer Dog Has Very Painful Run-In With Porcupine Canello is now looking for his forever home.
Walmart Proposal Kicks Off Romantic Night Of Sex Toy Stealing The couple is accused of stealing two thongs, oral sex candy and a vibrator.
If Dogs Ruled Hollywood, It Would Look Like This These movie poster mashups are paw-some.
Got Bad Allergies? Blame Sex With Neanderthals Have to pump yourself full of Zyrtec just to step outside during allergy season? It may be because your ancestors couldn't
6 Dumbest Things The Secret Service Has Done Everyone currently running for president
Ohio Judge Flushes Inmate's Toilet Lawsuit By Writing Poem \If he is going to file something that frivolous, he can't expect me to be too judicious in how I respond.\
That's The Ticket \You got bigger problems than this.\
Look At This Adorable Face Swap! D'AWWWWW!!!
LOOK That's one striking welcome.
Hopefully This Guy Feels Better Now That He's Gone Ballistic Let it out, friend.
Kangaroo Dog Uses Her Small Town Fame For An Awesome Reason \She is like a baby who starts learning how to walk.\
Suspicious Packages At Alabama Post Office Were Lethal And Delicious Someone claim these wieners.
This Handsome Cat Can\u2019t Help But Admire His Own Reflection In The Mirror There\u2019s no harm in being proud of the way you look. Whether you spend hours putting on layers of makeup until everything
Monkey Cannot Own Copyright To Viral Selfie, Says Federal Judge \u201cThis is an issue for Congress and the president. If they think animals should have the right of copyright they're free ... under the Constitution to do that.\
Maybe Don't Give The Sheriff A Grenade As A Gag Gift Or at least don't send it through the mail.
Pizza Hut Employees Caught On Tape Taking Celebratory Bong Hits Maybe they should call it \Pizza Hit\ instead?
Tampa, Florida Considering Tampa, Florida, is sunny year round, you'd think it'd be a sexy vacation destination. Not according to a new
Father And Son Dress In Drag, Rob Convenience Store Granny's got a gun.
New Book Claims Amelia Earhart Lived To 86, Worked As Spy It is generally assumed that aviator Amelia Earhart died in 1937 after her plane ran out of fuel and crashed into the Pacific
These Birds Are Going All Out For #NationalBirdDay, Why Aren't You? Every day has birds, but not every day is National Bird Day.
Steel Wool Sparkler Is The DIY Party That Will Light Up Your Life Celebrate whatever, Crazy Russian Hacker style
Someone Has Stolen Abraham Lincoln's Hand Authorities in Kankakee, Illinois, have a serious art theft problem. It seems a plaster sculpture of President Abraham Lincoln's
Baby Sneezes Spaghetti Through Nose In Cutest Pasta Eruption Ever You're going to need a tissue, kid.
34 Hilariously Horrible Pick Up Lines GUARANTEED To Fail (NSFW) Want to start the New Year off with a new romance? Great, but YourTango has compiled a list of pick up lines they suggest
This Guy Gets His Back Hair Shaved Into Works Of Art Mike Wolfe is selling a \calend-hair\ featuring pictures of the best pieces.
'Zombie Cat' Celebrates New Year's Eve Nearly One Year After Being Buried Alive Bart entered 2016 with a positive health checkup and a chaotic year behind him.
Watch Christmas Trees Burned By Tracer Bullets For The Hell Of It \Wanna roast some marshmallows?\
Raccoon Steals Doughnut At Shop, Forgets The Coffee \Canada's answer to the Pizza Rat.\
This Is The One Hoverboard Explosion You Must See \$600 down the drain.\
WEIRD SCIENCE Who knew seizures can be caused by too much licorice?
Pro Wrestler's Penis Takedown Just Got Bigger Below the belt, beyond the pale
Beauty Queen Nela Zisser Chows Down On 10,000-Calorie Cake She is eating the equivalent of what four men eat in a day.
Unluckiest Couple Celebrates $52 Million Lottery Win, Then Weeps \We feel like we've been cheated out it.\
Ice Sheet Shatters Car Windshield After Flying Off SUV In Front A dashcam video shows the window fracturing on impact.
The Best Local TV News Fails Of 2015 The TV news camera is always watching, and that's bad news for these journalists.
Artist\u2019s Transformation Into Two-Face Will Make You Do A Double Take Kay Pike brings the acid-splashed Batman villain to life with body paint
It's Almost 2016, Dammit, And We're Still Waiting For ET To Land The year in UFOs
Who Really Won Tinder In 2015? These People! In life, there are winners and losers. So too in online dating. Brobible has compiled a selection of people whose Tinder
You\u2019ll Never Look At Tomatoes In The Same Way After Watching This Sensual Ad \u201cBaby you\u2019re so fine, swinging on that vine.\u201d
Hoverboarding Priest Suspended After Rolling Christmas Eve Mass \The priest said that it was a wake up call for him.\
Are These The Worst Christmas Presents Ever? Now that Christmas is over, there's time to reflect on the cookies, camaraderie and cocktails. It's also a chance to reflect
CHEW ON THIS To quote the vet
Baby Goes All Homer Simpson While Tasting Bacon For The First Time It's clearly his new favorite food.
Witness The Pure Joy Of A Kid Who Just Found 22 Glorious Hot Wheels Cars \I am freaking out right now.\
Why New Year's Eve Ruins Everything Great About Drinking New Year's Eve is one of the few officially recognized holidays that not only approves of habitual binge drinking, but actually
Book Of Putin's One Liners Is 'Ideal' Holiday Gift For Russian Patriots Quotes include threatening to \rub out\ Chechen militants in the \out house.\
Your Spit Could Tell You How Long You\u2019re Going To Live Start hocking up some loogies because a spit test could determine how long you\u2019re going to make it on this Earth. Researchers
'Star Wars' Fan Spends A Year Making Own Millennium Falcon From 7,500 LEGOs Amazing, it is.
Video Shows Man Jumping Into Tiger Enclosure At Chinese Zoo The man, who was saved by a net, said he was trying to do a somersault.
There's A Life-Size Gingerbread House That You Can Dine In The roof and walls are covered with 4,000 ginger bricks.
So Many People Are Falling Off Hoverboards On Video It's not child's play.
Cop Crashed Cruiser Into Ditch After This Owl Attacked His Head Officer only suffered minor scratches.
Sweden's Gigantic Straw Christmas Goat Goes Up In Flames... Again It's become a tradition of sorts to burn it down.
Skydiving Santa Dangles From Lamppost After Parachute Crash No, no, no!
The Very NSFW Coloring Book You Need In Your Life For 2016 Curse words have never looked prettier.
Watch As Boy Twists Neck Around 180 Degrees, Exorcism-Style Just when you thought you've seen everything.
Vladimir Putin Goes Shirtless Again For New 2016 Calendar Russian President also shows off sensitive side in shots.
Fowl Play! Angry Man Leaves Flock Of Chickens Inside Tax Office We're not excited about tax season, either.
15 Weird Photos Of People Tangled In Christmas Lights Seriously, how often does this happen?
Swap Your Weird, Unwanted Gifts For Skittles This Holiday Season Candy really should be a form of currency.
Watch This Christmas Tree Run Through The Streets Of Tokyo Hold on to your tinsel!
This Bernie Sanders Inspired Swag Will Make You #FeelTheBern Show your support in true Sanders style.
Taco Shop Mocks Burglars, Turns Break-In Footage Into Hilarious Commercial Nacho average restaurant.
Prosecutor In Lottery-Fixing Trial Wants No Mention Of Bigfoot \The prejudicial effect could potentially be as strong as Sasquatch itself.\
Santas Hit The Gym To Prep For Aerobic Christmas Santa's secret is out.
The Shockingly Dark Origins Of 6 Cheerful Christmas Traditions A lot of our most beloved holiday traditions have some shockingly dark roots. For instance, putting up stockings on the mantel
Woman Reports Neighbors Who Scream 'ISIS Is Great' During Sex An 82-year-old woman in Brown Deer, Wisconsin, is helping to keep the country safe from terrorists -- possibly. Police said
Commuters Host Epic Christmas Party On The Train To Work Straphangers celebrated the holidays with smoked salmon, prosecco and pulled crackers.
Sports Anchor Stuffs 25 Star Wars References Into Football Recap He's a bit of a fan.
Man Calls 911 When He Runs Out Of Rolling Papers, Police Say Police said the suspect thought he was calling a friend.
GOODBYE KITTY The teacher wrote on Facebook that \everything offends everyone all the time.\
Georgia Bank Robber Writes 'Merry Christmas' On Holdup Note Despite the festive greeting, the accused robber is probably on Santa's naughty list.
Rudolph's Blue Eyes May Be Key To Red Nose Experts say cookies are better for Rudolph than carrots, because he loses a lot of body heat through his red schnozz.
Watch Steve-O Unwisely Do Backflips While Breathing Fire In Slow-Mo What could go wrong?
This Family Lets People On The Internet Control Their Christmas Lights YOU flick the switch for their decorations.
'Star Wars' Fan Legally Changes Name To 'Darth Vader' The man chose the name \Darth Vader\ because it conveys leadership and toughness.
UPS Delivery Man Caught On Video Throwing, Kicking Packages Out Of Truck Bah, humbug!
Watch What Happens When This Cat Slips Its Carrier On A Delta Plane Fearless feline on the loose defies flight attendant.
Lenny Dykstra Plays Bad Santa At Strip Club \This sure beats a six-by-ten prison cell.\
Pastors Wield Lightsabers In Special 'Star Wars' Church Service Worshippers wore Darth Vader masks.
Adolf Hitler Really Did Have Only One Testicle, Say Medical Records So the popular British song could be true.
This Adele 'Hello' Parody Is An Awesome Ode To Junk Food Cravings \Hella pizza late at night, I keep saying just one more slice...\
Wingsuited Model Soars Between Two Skyscrapers In Death-Defying Stunt Roberta Mancino rules in this terrifying video.
Air Base Mistakenly Distributes Lip Balm Containing Pot Ingredient Officials in Alaska were forced to discard hundreds of tubes.
12 Thoughts Every Girl Has Had During Sex While I cannot account for the undoubtedly poetic and beautiful thoughts men have while doing what we were technically put on earth to do, here are some thoughts that I, an Experienced Sex Person\u2122 have had during sex, or as I like to call it, \Sure, I guess.\
5 Insane Realities Of A Professional Costumed Stormtrooper The \Stars Wars\ films are a way of life to many. Some people even make a living working as stormtroopers. It's not an easy
Legislators Say Donald J. Trump State Park Needs A New Name One lawmaker suggested renaming the park after a Muslim Revolutionary War soldier.
This Gang Of Kitty Cats Wants Their Damn Dinner MEOW You're probably going to want to turn down your speakers for this.
Star Trek Fans Think This Woman's Holiday Flair Is Out Of This World \Make it sew.\
RETURN OF THE SIP Let's hope these partygoers weren't looking for love in Alderaan places.
Jailed Man Charged With Bigamy After 2 Wives Pay Him A Visit The suspect says he didn't realize he was committing a felony.
GoPro Video Captures Death-Defying Bike Ride On Gran Canaria's Rooftops Daredevil Danny MacAskill's stunts will take your breath away.
5 Awesome Acts Of Revenge That Qualify As Creative Genius Getting revenge can take a lot of work, but the results can be very sweet. Cracked.com has compiled five ways people got
Rival Takes Aim At Yelp, Doggie Style Is this crazy ad barking up the wrong tree?
This Chewbacca And Han Solo Can't Outrun Police Cruisers The officer let the Wookiee win.
Millennials Would Give Up Sex For What? Sex is fine and dandy, but a lot of millennials are willing to forgo the pleasures of the flesh if they have to. According
Sneaky Dog Rules The World At Hide And Seek The owner's dad thought the pooch had made a clean getaway -- then he found him in the dishwasher.
6 Insane Realities Of Life As A Professional Hand Model Some models have a hand up on others -- literally. They work as professional hand models, earning more than $75,000 a year
Man Puts Frog And Venomous Snake In Mouth As A Protest People sometimes do drastic things to get across their point of view. Take the guy who decided to stick a frog and venomous
Why Is This Utah Community Wrapping Up Rocks and Junk Why is a neighborhood in South Jordan wrapping up rocks and junk? Here's a hint
Real-Life Twist Endings No One Saw Coming -- NO ONE! In real life, you rarely see the type of twist endings that are a standard part of TV, movie and book plots. But Cracked
Miracle Cyclist Crashes Into High-Speed Train AND SURVIVES The 26-year-old man somehow escaped with only minor injuries.
This Video Proves Every Facebook Photo You've Seen Is A Lie The nitty-gritty behind the scenes isn\u2019t so pretty.
This Company Turns Roadkill Into High Fashion Fur Wear Animal rights groups have mixed feelings.
Giant Penis Christmas Lights Are Well-Hung But Arouse Scorn \It's rude and vulgar.\
This Guy Hates Christmas, So His Friend Pulled An Amazing Prank Gareth Neary's entire bedroom was covered in decorative wrapping paper.
See State Troopers 'Detain' The Grinch During Christmas Toy Drive The grumpy character was cuffed for a tongue-in-cheek arrest photo.
Dancing Korean Woman's Oral Fixation Has The Internet Fixated Like she says, 'What the f--k?'
Crossover Dribble Jukes This Dog Off Its Game Tighten up that D, pooch!
Watch This Angry Cat Knock The Stuffing Out Of A Toy Tiger Is it Manny Pacq-meow?
These Dogs Are Waging War Against The Elf On The Shelf Hilarious photos document their long-running battle with Kris Kringle's helper.
Texas Plumber Says Life Was Ruined By Jihadi Video Showing His Work Truck Oh, and thanks for nothing, Stephen Colbert.
Grumpy Cat Meets Animatronic Double, But Still Isn't Happy The sour-faced puss was immortalized by Madame Tussauds in San Francisco.
Train Slices Truck In Half In Terrifying Railroad Crossing Crash Incredibly, no serious injuries were reported from the smash.
Hear John Lennon Sing 'Do You Want To Hold A Penis' Sometimes a Beatle has to be silly.
The Internet Won't Get Behind This Half-Assed Fashion Choice (NSFW) Is this person wearing pants?
Man Miraculously Survives Ride In Trash Compactor The 44-year-old man survived two compaction cycles without serious injuries.
Go Sightseeing On This Man's Body His bicep just saved us a plane ticket to Cornwall.
Some People Are Very Displeased With This Turkey-Cooking Drone The teen who created it has gotten in trouble with drones before.
Naked Man Arrested While Taking Photos Of Wheat Field \You know folks, you just can't make this stuff up!\
Dad Turns Himself Into Real-Life \u2018Elf on the Shelf\u2019 A father in Moncton, New Brunswick, knows if his kids are naughty and nice because he's the Elf on the Shelf who is keeping
The Post Office Denied This Cat His Christmas Gift Because He's Got No ID Leave it to THE MAN to challenge a kitty's right to postal service.
Albuquerque Man Arrested For Stealing Mom's Stew He's in a pickle now.
Emotional Photo Captures Police Officer Comforting His Dying Horse \u201cShe loved her job and was always ready to go to work putting bad guys in jail or giving nuzzles to children.\u201d
Taylor Swift's Music Makes Chinese Takeout Taste Better General Tso may be an unheralded member of Taylor Swift's squad. A new study claims that Swift's music can actually improve
Women With Tattoos Have Higher Self-Esteem Tat's the truth! A recent study suggests that women with multiple tattoos have higher self-esteem than those with less than
Mom Calls The Cops After Son Allegedly Steals Her Stew Moms can be SO embarrassing.
Korean Woman's Sexy Food Dances Will Make You Gag Feel free to gawk while transfixed by her absurdity.
Skydiving Without A Parachute Is As Batsh** Crazy As It Sounds \I'm never afraid,\ daredevil says.
Popping Bubble Wrap Sends Air Force Base Into Lockdown A civilian employee dialed 911 after hearing three loud bangs.
Marijuana Warehouse Found Near Police Dog Training Center Location, location, location.
Man Caught Trying To Have Sex With Camper Van \It's not normal behavior at all.\
Yes, Bud Weisser Was Arrested For Trespassing At Budweiser Brewery It's truly a brouhaha.
There's A Hipster Santa And He's Got An Amazing Man Bun No red suit for this Saint Nick in Portland, Oregon.
Santa Isn't Dead! Newspaper Says Sorry For Fake Obituary Saint Nick passed at the age of 226, according to the announcement in Norway's Aftenposten.
This Woman Is Really Mad McDonald's Doesn't Have Fresh Cookies Hot fresh cookies are better than ones at room temperature, but even cold ones are still cookies. Don't try to use that logic
'Tis The Season To Be Cheeky With 'Jingle Butts' Music Video Clip features both male and female butt models.
How'd This Jackass End Up In The Back Of A Cop Car? Consider him wrangled.
Your Hotboxing Days Are Numbered Toking and driving really isn't a good idea, anyway.
WATCH Rudolph caught some serious air while \performing a Triple Axel\ across the car's hood.
36 Shocking Elf On The Shelf Photos (NSFW) The Elf On The Shelf is supposed to be watching to make sure you behave. But who's watching the Elf On The Shelf. Coed.com
Santa Obliges Dad Of Sleeping Boy By Snoozing On Camera When the boy wouldn't wake for his Santa photo op, dad called an audible.
Watch What Happens When A Whirlwind Strikes This Music Festival Australian ravers rushed towards the dust phenomenon, dubbed a \doofnado\, as it touched down.
Stormtroopers Catch A Wave And They're Sitting On Top Of The Galaxy 'Star Wars' surfers battle the swell.
Weirdest Christmas Commercial Of 2015? Uh, Yeah For advertisers, Christmas is a way to get people to buy by doing whatever it takes. One German company, Edeka, goes all
Teenage Boy Posing As Clown Causes Local Panic In Wisconsin The boy's mother claims he's just \doing it for laughs,\ but people were still spooked.
6-year-old Boy Stuck In 50-foot Tree \u201cHe was just playing. That's not the first time that he's climbed that tree. It\u2019s just the first time he's gotten stuck.\
Watch This Coke Can's Uncanny Impression Of Chewbacca Gggrrroowwrrrrrrrrhmm!
This Man\u2019s New Facebook Profile Picture Has Made Him A Web Star Ivor is coming.
Shocking X-Ray Reveals How Puppy Chowed Down 10 Batteries Boogie was previously treated for eating too much candied popcorn.
Trucker Goes Missing With 40,000 Pounds Of Meat It's enough beef to make 160,000 burgers.
Family Moves Into New Home, Gets A Very Unexpected Delivery Cops seized a package that contained around 7 pounds of marijuana.
Bald Eagle Poses For Selfie With Brothers After Rescue After spotting the bird in a trap, the brothers knew they had to act quickly.
Christmas Card Ban For Government Officials In Tanzania It's just one of new President John Magufuli's cost-cutting measures.
Girl Can't Get Personalized Nutella Jar Because Her Name Is Isis Apparently the company thought some people might take it the wrong way.
Dear Future Dead People, Don't Trust This Guy's Plan To Resurrect You Experts say this working is about as likely as a zombie apocalypse.
Siberian Tiger Befriends Lunch After Fearless Goat Shows Him Who's Boss The unlikely friends are apparently thick as thieves.
Watch This Gorilla Teach A Little Girl How To Flip The Bird \What does it mean?\
Wisdom, World's Oldest Known Seabird, Has Been Spotted Again Great to see you, Wisdom!
Cops Respond To Reports Of Threats And Screams... And Find The Unexpected Neighbors were concerned a woman was being murdered, but it was just a spider.
This Car Had No Front Seats And A Very Weird Substitute Cops found the Nissan Micra stuck in mud.
Sheriff's 'Politically Incorrect' Sign Is Soooo Hip And Edgy *Eyeroll.*
Bacon-Scented Undies Mean All Your Panty Problems Are Cured In case there wasn't enough meat down there already.
Model Inmates Compete For Title Of Prison Beauty Queen Convicted robber Michelle Neri Rangel was crowned \Miss Talavera Bruce 2016.\
Are You Ballsy Enough To Enter A Testicle Beauty Contest? (NSFW) Winning $5,000 for having the world's greatest gonads is totally nuts.
10 People You'll See Out At Hometown Bars On Thanksgiving Eve For many people, Thanksgiving Eve rivals New Year's Eve for drinking and debauchery, especially if you're returning home
Behold The Majesty Of The Turkey Learn about all those turkey parts ... the ones you wouldn't dare eat.
Turkey Seeks Thanksgiving Sanctuary Inside Church We feel you, turkey.
Man Ejected From Football Game Gets Sweet Revenge With Doughnuts The man expressed his anger by giving the police coconut doughnuts.
Kickstarter For Real Wizard School Raises Absurd Amount Of Money Magic isn't cheap.
Why Are College Kids Dropping Water-Filled Condoms On Their Heads? Remember the Ice Bucket Challenge? Now college kids are doing the #condomchallenge, where they dump water-filled condoms
Headbanging Toddler Evy Handles 'Bohemian Rhapsody' Perfectly She's just 1 year old, but she can bang her head with the best of them.
The King Of Sweden Wants To Ban You From Taking Baths The \lighthearted\ suggestion comes before the international climate change talks next week in Paris.
Adorable Kid Battles Through Hiccups While Singing National Anthem He acted like a *hic* seasoned pro by finishing the song.
Woman Arrested After Calling Police 'Silly Piggies' On Internet The suspect is accused of calling in a false police report to avoid a DUI.
Goofball Delivery Driver Leaves Package In Most Ridiculous Place \It was obviously a silly thing to do and this is very embarrassing,\ the delivery company admitted.
Man Arrested For Allegedly Wielding Samurai Sword At Apple Store Terrified customers fled when the suspect started swinging.
Watch Dog Smile On Command, Just Like A Human Dior breaks out into a gigantic grin when posing for a picture.
Accused Flasher Says He Was Trying To Remove Bug Police said the suspect was involved in a similar incident a few days earlier.
Riot Police Swoop In On Restaurant Dispute Over Steak, Customer Says \My partner and my friends were horrified and gobsmacked by the situation.\
Florida Driver's Ed Teacher Charged With DUI \We can confidently say he won't be teaching driver's education.\
Florida Man Bitten By Shark Kills It And Eats It As Revenge Bad ass.
Feast Your Eyes On These 7 Brilliant 3D Chalk Illustrations It's about to get real.
A Single Raisin Can Predict Your Child's Intelligence Raisins
Man Upset At Missing Child's Birth Calls In Bomb Threat The suspect was mad that his wife was having the baby while he was in another state.
How To Incorporate Weed Into Every Thanksgiving Dish Want to add a new kick to your Thanksgiving feast? Well, you could try adding marijuana to your turkey, stuffing and even
This Alligator Sure Knows How To Picnic Nom, nom, nom, nom.
Klingon Sword Brandished In Trekkie Trash Dispute, Cops Say Could jail be the final frontier?
Spirituality Bookstore Named Isis Gets Vandalized \For now, we are definitely sticking with the name.\
Real Estate Broker Allegedly Takes Stolen Cab On Drunken Joyride The suspect claims \there's more to this story.\
Man Threatens Neighbor With Klingon Weapon During Trash Fight A trekkie in Spokane, Washington,\u00a0has been charged with assault after allegedly swinging a Klingon bat'leth at the victim
Mall Reverses Awful Decision To Charge For Santa's Lap Ho, ho, no!
Police Haul In Hoagie Hurler On Assault Charge Alcohol may have been involved.
Bison Traffic Jam Is The Best Reason To Be Late For Work Bet your boss hasn't HERD this excuse before.
Harvard Marching Band Gets Cocky, Spells 'PENIS' On The Field Looks like Penn got shafted.
Horny Dog Chases Potential Mate, Gets Stuck In Cat Door \She had that thing stuck on her head so she might not have been in a good mood.\
Best Christmas List Ever? Kid Wants 'Grand Theft Auto V,' Without The Hookers \i Just want to play with the cars.\
Vladimir Putin Consults With E.T.s (And Other Insane Conspiracy Theories) Some people are Russian to judgment
Lost Three-Eared Cat Keeping An Eye Out For Owner The adorable guy is at a shelter, where workers are keeping one ear to the ground for his owners.
This Star Wars Shrine Can Now Be Rented For Just $50 A Night \Don't use the side passage. That path leads to the Dark Side...\
Bagpipe Music Used To Drive Homeless From Bus Station \What a daft idea... these people need practical help.\
See The Incredible Christmas Tree Made Entirely From Disney Toys Can you name all the characters?
This SpamBot Is Saying Nice Things To Everyone On Twitter But if you're waiting to be complimented, you'll have to be patient -- it could be awhile.
The Weirdest Version Of MJ\u2019s \u2018Smooth Criminal\u2019 You\u2019ll Ever Hear The 1987 smash hit gets a pretty bizarre reworking.
Dad Films Dream Vegas Vacation On Son's GoPro, But In Selfie Mode Typical dad move.
Watch Bryan Cranston's 'Malcolm In The Middle' Character Morph Into Walter White We probably should have seen this coming.
Adorable Kittens Act Out Every Single 'Harry Potter' Movie Warning
Freaky Girls Of The Sideshow The lives of sword-swallowing, tattooed, bearded women and giantesses reconsidered.
Florida Woman Calls 911 For Wings, Smokes, Police Say Alcohol may have been involved.
NEWS LEAK Ick! 37 percent look at their toilet paper after they wipe.
Cop Stops Self-Driving Car, Finds There's No One To Ticket \After 1.2 million miles of autonomous driving... we\u2019re proud to say we\u2019ve never been ticketed!\ufeff\
Deer Crashes Through Car's Windshield, Lands In Backseat The driver is amazed that he wasn't injured in the crash.
There's Now A Martial Art Specifically For Selfie Stick Users Protect yourself as you pout.
Pot-Smoking Millennials Have Better Sex And More Often Is this news lighting your fire?
Woman Admits Stealing Cop Car, Speeding Off While Handcuffed Her hands were cuffed behind her back while she drove.
Tee'd-Off Kangaroo Chases Golfers Into A Viral Hole-In-One Definitely not par for the course.
Dachshund Cruises Airport In Pilot's Uniform, Commands Attention Pooch earns his wings.
All The GIFs You'll Need To Enjoy National Pizza Day The only other thing you'll need on National Pizza Day is, well, pizza.
Notorious Subway Joy-Rider Steals NJ Bus, NYC Police Say The suspect has about two dozen transit-related arrests, starting in 1981.
Man Injured By Automatic Door On Cruise Ship Gets $21.5 Million In Damages The cruise ship company says the man walked into the closing doors.
BEST NEWS EVER You Saturday brunchers will love this news. Research suggests three glasses of champagne a week can help prevent dementia
Dog Twirling Stick On Its Nose Could Be Cutest Drum Major Ever Would be one heckuva halftime show.
Cop Got Too Wasted To Accept Mothers Against Drunk Driving Award \Come on, you\u2019ve got to be kidding me. Really?\
The 7 Worst Sports Fans In Human History It's one thing to root for your team, but some sports fans take things to extremes.\u00a0 Like projectile vomiting on other fans
Jetpack Daredevil Circles The Statue Of Liberty Nothing says freedom like the wind beneath your Jetpack.
WATCH Aaron Fotheringham's unbelievable tricks are making him an unstoppable force in action sports.
Fisherman Hooks Lost Camera 2 Years After It Falls In Lake \When something falls in a great lake, your chance of getting it back is slim to none.\
12 Cars Swallowed When Restaurant Parking Lot Caves In \You can call it what you want, a cave-in or whatever, but it is not a sinkhole.\
Spectacular Glowing Sight In The California Sky Causes Major Stir U.S. Navy officials said it was an unarmed test-fired missile.
Giant Hole Swallows At Least 14 Vehicles In IHOP Parking Lot It's half the size of a football field.
Lincoln's Ghost Spotted In White House ... Or Maybe Not \It\u2019s funny how it\u2019s never thought to be the ghost of a lesser-known president like Fillmore or Polk.\
Know Why Phil Collins Is Weird News? Take The Fark Weird News Quiz It's the world's weirdest weekly knowledge test.
Massive 10-Foot Alligator Greets Florida Man On Doorstep \u201cIt was like the wild kingdom was at my door.\
Help Wanted Candidates must be passionate about Christmas.
Human Skeletons Found Under NYC's Washington Square Park Construction workers discovered the bones of more than a dozen people.
Burglary Suspect Falls Through Restaurant Ceiling, Ruins Dinner What an entrance!
Which NFL Team Has Drunkest Fans? Football and booze go hand in hand -- especially in Buffalo, New York. A new study reveals the Buffalo Bills may have the
This Boy Can Stretch His Uvula To Never-Before-Seen Lengths \Doctors didn\u2019t know what it was, so they said it was a cool party trick.\
Feel Better About Being A Human With These Hilarious Cat Splats It's a crazy cat lady's worst nightmare.
Petite Model Wolfs Down Candy So Fast, It's Scary A chocolate lover's post-Halloween nightmare.
6 Intimate Details You Can Tell Just By Looking At Someone Want to determine whether your date can hold their liquor or if they even like you? It's amazing what you can learn by some
Giant Penis Hedge \This is what happens when you hire a manscaper instead of a landscaper.\
Walking Dead Syndrome Is A Real Thing, Says Science We know zombies aren't real, but people who suffer from Cotard\u2019s syndrome do. People with this mental illness, also referred
Poo-Pourri's New Musical Ad Is Stench-tacular! What a sh-t show.
16 Animals Wearing Wigs And Looking Spectacular Blue ribbons for everyone!
'Ninja Warrior' Chicken Nails Obstacle Course Fowl phenom
Dentist Offers To Buy Back Halloween Candy Caring plan to prevent cavities, or genius maneuver to get candy?
Pharmacy Accidentally Distributes Bipolar Meds Instead of Candy The drugs' side effects include nausea, tremors and suicidal thoughts.
Aquarium Gets Spooky With Underwater Jack-O'-Lanterns Something here is fishy.
Puppies In Sports Costumes Are A Halloween Touchdown The big game will never be the same.
NUTSCAPES EXCLUSIVE Obsev is having a ball adding quotes to these gonad-accented landscapes.
Fright For Your Right? Chinese Police Scare Zombies From Subway \Passengers' strange behaviour may make some feel uneasy, cause onlookers to panic and could easily lead to security risks.\
Halloween Horror Run for your lives!
VIDEO It's so cute you almost forget it's a rat. ALMOST.
Underwater Jack O'Lanterns Make A Big Splash At Aquarium The big question
Cats Murdering Toddlers Is A Terrible Person's Dream Did you really need more proof your kitty is a sociopath?
Taxidermist Immortalizes Michigan State Win ... With Chipmunks?? A referee chipmunk has its arms raised to signal a touchdown.
Baltimore Ravens Fan Eats 6 Purple Crayons To Mourn Team's Record How does a Baltimore Ravens fan mourn the team's six losses? If you're Ryan Blake, you eat six purple crayons. Yuck!
Roadkill Grill? Feast On Street Meat At Vermont Festival \Wild About Vermont\ fest lets attendees savor animals killed on highways.
Last-Minute Halloween Makeup Ideas You Can Actually Recreate If you don't want to shell out for an elaborate costume this Halloween, you can still have a winning look.
5 Creepy Diseases You Won't Believe Are Medically Possible The greatest horror writer is nature itself. It has made certain that reality offers us far more interesting body-mangling
Texas Man Stabs Robbery Suspect With Pumpkin Carving Knife \I just went into protection mode. \Ladies say 'mama bear,' but it was 'papa bear' here.\
WATCH Video shows how to be the Martha Stewart of Mary Jane.
Assistant Prosecutor Suspended For Pulling Gun On Fake Spiders Chris White reportedly has arachnophobia.
Fun Halloween Costumes For People Who Hate Their Kids The kid who wears a pinata costume is just asking to be hit.
Bad-Ass Skateboarding Bulldog Is The Tony Hawk Of Pooches She's the wheel deal.
Seals FaceTime To Keep Long-Distance Love Alive Love knows no bounds, after all.
Men Hold Faux Funeral After Friend Ditches Them For Girlfriend \If he wasn't going to come out with us and was going to pretend he was dead then we'd organize a funeral for him.\
'Trumpkin' Head is Even Bigger than the Donald Himself You have to admit, that gourd's got some great hair.
Officer Not Fooled By Creepy Halloween Doll In Carpool Lane The driver was ticketed, but trooper didn't fine him for not having the doll in a child seat.
We're Lucky To Have This History Of Black Cat Superstition Halloween highlights are a pet peeve for some kitty lovers.
Hoverboard Aladdin Just Won Halloween \I can show you the world.\
Pro Shooter Turns A Pumpkin Into A Jack-O'-Lantern... With A Gun \Remember, pumpkins are volatile creatures.\
Indiana Jones Leads Cops On 100 MPH Chase The 100-mph chase happened near, appropriately, Rushville.
Sea Lion Jumps On Boat, Shows Human Some Marine Mammal Love Sharing a moment.
5 'Paranormal' Phenomena Easily Debunked By Science Despite the best efforts of scientists and researchers, many people still believe in ghosts, psychics and other supernatural
Couple Says, 'I Boo' At Haunted House Wedding The justice of the peace encouraged them to \haunt and howl at the moon together as long as you shall live,\
Man Records Every Detail Of His Life For 5 Years Can recording every detail of every day for years on end make your life better?
Bulldog Adorably Freaks Out At Birthday Cake Nobody can hold a candle to this cute pooch.
Dog Named 'Trigger' Shoots Owner The pup stepped on the shotgun while the two were out hunting.
Determined Cat Goes Through A Lot To Wrestle With Stuffed Tiger Well-played.
Woman In 'Beetlejuice' Costume Wanted For Hit-And-Run As Beetlejuice himself might say, \Don't you hate it when that happens?\
Inflatable Penis Falls From Upper Deck At 49ers Game, Then This Happens (NSFW) 'Thanks for f--king us this season.\
Boozing Cat Suffers Serious Hangover After 7 Weeks In Wine Cellar \He was more dead than alive when I picked him up.\
Demon-Infested Hell House To Be Exorcised .. And You Can Watch \We believe the house is a living, breathing thing, and we're going to see something.\
Lenin Statue Converted To Darth Vader In Ukraine \New heroes replace old ones,\ one local says.
Know Why Shaving Cream Is Weird News This Week? Take The Fark Weird News Quiz Shaving cream turned out to be weird news this week. If you know why, take the Fark Weird News Quiz, the weirdest news quiz
WATCH This moose can see Russia from its house.
If This Is Your Weed, Police In New Jersey Would Like You To 'Claim' It Special delivery.
Recovering Alcoholic Wins Beer Stein Holding Contest \I did all my training two decades ago.\
62-Year-Old Man Stage Dives At Flo Rida Show With Terrible Results You can feel the thud.
Spider Infestation Takes Toll On Ohio Bridge There are as many as 10,000 spiders spinning webs on the $60 million bridge.
Please Come And Get Your 50 Pounds Of Pot Authorities want to weed out the intended recipient.
And The City With The Least Attractive People Is...? Not all dating pools are equal. There are some cities and states where you don't have to work as hard to look better than
Phillie Phanatic Rappels Down City Skyscraper Unlike the team he represents, the Phanatic didn't land in the cellar.
Ex-Cop Who Asked To Lick Woman's Feet Sentenced The accused promised to let a suspect go if he could lick her feet or have her panties.
Machine Gun Free-For-All Creates Massive Explosions ... for Fun Because, you know, 'Murica.
Neighbor Sent Letter Asking To 'Taste' Family's 'Delicious' Kids, Cops Say The answer was no.
New Yorkers Complain 24,000 rat complaints logged so far this year.
'Cupcake Burglar' Busted Thanks To Frosting Talk about your just desserts.
Rare Film Of Parachuting Beavers Is Dam Interesting This video will gnaw at you.
LA Coroner Hunting For Human Leg Stolen From Van The coroner suspects the thief didn't know what he was stealing.
Cat's Wild Ride Ends With Firefighter Rescue From Engine Compartment Silly cat.
WATCH Bellies to the wind.
Texas Is So Insane It's Now Slang For 'Crazy' In Norway Apparently Norwegians haven't heard of Florida.
Halloween House Wows With Spooky 'Ghostbusters' Light Show Who ya gonna call?
A REAL PIZZA WORK What happened to this guy is pretty cheesy.
Alleged Wedding Crasher Bites Police Dog, Officer We're supposed to take a bite out of crime, but not like this.
WATCH No time for tea.
Want The Ultimate Set Of Vampire Fangs? Father Sebastiaan Is Waiting \You shouldn't eat or sleep with them, but you can smoke, drink and have great sex in them.\
Murder Victim Plays Dominos At His Own Wake He'll only let you win over his dead body.
NJ Man Responds To Police Summons In Grossest Possible Way Prosecutors will get to t
WATCH The encounter gives new meaning to the phrase \pigging out.\
Man Steals Taxi So He Doesn't Have To Walk Home, Police Say Some people still don't have the Uber app?
Man Accidentally Shoots Self In Theater, Audience Freaks Out \I just got my concealed and carry.\
Two Attacks In One Day At Popular Hawaii Beaches (UPDATED) One attack took place in the waters off Waikiki, while the other was near Lanikai beach on Oahu's windward side.
Man Posing As Cop Arrested By Real Cop, Police Say \He pretty much did a traffic stop.\
Student Driver Crashes Car Through Front Of Driving School \[She] did drive through a plate glass window, so that was a fail on the test.\
Overdue Books Returned To Library, 52 Years Later Just keep them.
Buddha Statue (Or Rock Formation) Spotted On Mars To us, it just looks like a rock.
Couple Prolongs Police Standoff To Have Sex 'One Last Time' To sum it up
Say Hallelujah To This Catchy Televangelist Remix \Hoo Ba Ba Kanda\ is heaven-sent.
What Did This Politician Say That Was Weird? Take The Fark Weird News Quiz An Arizona politician said some things that were definitely weird. If you know what he said, take the Fark Weird News Quiz
11-Year-Old Girl's Stick Figure Helps Nab Burglary Suspect That's some fine detective work.
Hey, Biz Markie! You Got What We Need, And It's Marshmallow Only Lucky Charms! \Oh snap, 10 boxes, maybe one's for you.\
Drunk Woman Called 911 Pretending to be Olivia Pope The woman faces charges for public intoxication and misuse of the 911 system.
This Man Is Amazing At Balancing An Egg On His Head Or is he?
Donald Trump, Gordon Ramsay Or Don Draper? Who\u2019s The Scariest TV Boss? Naturally, the best boss is the one who serves everyone booze.
Aunt Who Sued Nephew Over Hug Says She Was 'Never Comfortable' Doing So She claims the insurance company told her she had to name the 12-year-old in the suit.
Want To Sleep In 'The World's Largest Grave'? AirBNB To The Rescue \Bienvenue to the bowels of Paris!\
Sexy Halloween Costumes Can Help You Find Love A lot of women like to dress sexier than usual on Halloween -- and that may not be a bad idea if they're looking for love
This Cluckin' Chicken Tweets, And She's Got More Twitter Followers Than You The fowl wordsmith has a lot to say.
THAT'S SLICK A dressing made from those ingredients would definitely awaken your tastebuds.
BLT-errifying! Dead Rodent Found In Subway Sandwich \u201cIt\u2019s the funniest thing I\u2019ve ever seen, but it\u2019s also the most disgusting.\u201d
BEHOLD THE TINY DUMPLINGS! We got dumps like a truck, truck, truck.
LOST AND FOUND These police are offering a shoulder to cry on.
This Cat Doesn't Give a Flip About Your Stupid Pet Door Silly humans.
Caught On Tape Rockstar rampage leaves the place in shambles.
All Fear 'Toad On A Robot' What is it and what does it want from us?
CHECK IT OUT Think of all the pie.
Eat A 30-Pound Burrito, Own Part Of A New York City Restaurant Don Chingon will give you a 10 percent stake in the Brooklyn taqueria if you can polish off the monster meal.
Moose Fight In The Suburbs Goes Viral There goes the neighborhood.
You Shouldn't Criticize Those Vegetarians Who Eat Meat When Drunk They're still doing more good than people who don't cut back on meat at all.
Now You Can Pay $19.99 For A Big Handful Of Dead Leaves And more than 200 people have already done so.
Hear 911 Call Of \u2018Too High\u2019 Guy Found Surrounded By Doritos Poor guy.
Horror Icon Elvira Marries Boy And Ghoul \They both have the same knuckle tattoos so I think they're a match made in heaven.\
DNA From Man's Poopy Shorts Leads To His Arrest It took 13.5 months for forensic investigators to sniff up a suspect.
Know What Princess Leia's Slave Bikini Sold For? Take The Fark Weird News Quiz The slave bikini worn by Princess Leia was auctioned off this week. If you know the winning bid, take the Fark Weird News
Let's All Get Naked and Pose like Frozen Chickens Time to get clucked up.
T-Rex Tries American Ninja Course, Is Less Than Dino-mite Barney could give him a run for his money.
Man Brings Human Skull To Florida Grocery Store \He was using it as a puppet.\
Woman's Face-Down Halloween Dummy Gets Repeated 911 Calls Some passers-by have attempted CPR only to find out it's a dummy.
Shark Bites Surfer On Oahu's North Shore The man suffered an injury to his left leg and is currently in critical condition.
Got A Severed Head? Call Todd Robbins ... It's Time For 'True Nightmares' \The scary part is that there's a possibility this could happen to you.\
So Why Didn't The World End Yesterday? Despite a prediction that yesterday would be the end of the world, the world is still around -- we think. The man who made
How A Shark Run-In May Have Saved A Man's Life When a shark rammed into this guy's back, he never expected he'd later be saying \thank you.\
6 Crime Victims Who Got Justice Through Insane Coincidences Tr
12-Year-Old Girl Sneezes 12,000 Times A Day \u201cSometimes I wish I could leave my body for a little while...\
35 Inappropriate Halloween Costumes For Kids Halloween is a time when kids and adults can be something they're not. But some costumes are simply tasteless -- especially
What Your Sock Drawer Really Says About Your Personality No matter what image you present to the world, you may be hiding a dirty secret in your sock drawers.
'Maxi Pad Bandit' Arrested Despite Fiendishly Clever Disguise Maybe he just wasn't feeling so fresh.
Pennsylvania Man Allegedly Fired For Farting Too Much At Work \Flatulence and farting is the sexy part of the story.\
8 Brilliant Ways Dumb Criminals Displayed Their Stupidity To be honest,\u00a0your average burglar probably isn't all up-to-date on their Mensa membership. In fact, a number of burglars
Robber Gets Sentenced, Then He Gets Hitched The wedding was attended by five deputies and the bride's baby.
Smashing Jell-O With A Tennis Racket Is Just Fantastic Thank you, Slo Mo Guys!
Suspect's Superman Shirt Was His Kryptonite Call him the \Man Of Steal.\
Kayaker Tries To Reason With Destructive Bear, Fails Miserably \Stop breaking my kayak please.\
Mountain Lion On Utility Pole Gives Gawkers Paws \It was like the one crow was saying, 'Hey, you're now a crow.' \
You'll Be Shocked To See How Kinky Your State Is You've heard of 50 Shades of Grey, but a new survey suggests America is 50 states of kink. It seems every state has something
Man Robs Nail Salon, But Gets Manicure First It would have been ridiculous to do it in reverse.
Pot Dispensaries Offer Free Weed To California Fire Victims It remains to be seen how many fire victims will feel like blazing.
Just An Airborne Dude On A Water Jet Pack Catching A Frisbee You wouldn't want to play this guy in ultimate.
OMG! Cops Nab Cell Ban Violators With Fake Street Evangelist \I just think it's a stinky way to do it,\ said one person who was ticketed.
Vegan Protesters Chew Ears Off Steakhouse Customers \Why is there no dog meat?\
Dog Shifts Truck Into Gear, Sends It Into Lake Don't worry, the pup was rescued!
This Gumball Tribute To Taylor Swift Is SWEET Who knew what we've been looking for has been \ufeffhere\ufeff the whole time?
Wedding Couple Does Lightsaber Duel Instead Of First Dance At most weddings, it is traditional for the bride and groom to have a first dance. One couple decided a lightsaber battle
Escaped Monkey Goes Bananas On Police Car; Eats Neighbor's Mail Hopefully, other monkeys won't ape his actions.
Men Can Tell If A Woman's Faithful Just By Looking At Her A new study\u00a0suggests that men have some extra spidey-sense that helps them to identify if a woman is a possible cheater. The
Angry Nobody Yells \u201cDo You Know Who I Am?\u201d As If He's Someone You might know the name Ronnie Pickering before this video, but you will from now on.
This Snakeskin Belt Was Alive... And Deadly The merchandise is moving quickly at this flea market.
5 Outrageous Examples Of Censorship Backfiring Censorship is a no-win situation. Nobody wants their six-year-old daughter exposed to interspecies gang bang porn, but many
FLYING HIGH You're never ganja believe this.
Marijuana Bundle Falls From Sky, Destroys Carport, Dog House Friends of the homeowners can't believe they called the police about the \surprise package.\
Attempted Drill Thief Made 'Chicken Noises,' Ran Away Police are searching for this chicken impersonator.
Man Tries To Kill Spider With Lighter, Starts Gas Station Blaze \Do you know gas go boom?\
Florida Man Accused Of Stealing $540,000 Worth Of Citrus Authorities are putting the squeeze on this alleged orange thief.
13 Surreal 'Mutations' GIFs That Will Freak You Out Explore \the space between still and moving images.\
9 Unexpectedly Creepy Tourist Attractions Some places go to bizarre lengths to attract tourists. How else can we explain why fountains of barfing people and statues
Know Why Nutella Is Weird News? Take The Fark Weird News Quiz Don't forget to post your score!
6 Places Where You Should Never, Ever, EVER Hit On Someone There is a time and place for everything, including hitting on someone. Did you know, for instance, that it might be considered
SPIDERS ON A PLANE Where is Samuel L. Jackson when you need him?
Congressman Wets Whistle With Pope's Drinking Glass \How many people do you know that drank out of the same glass as the pope?\
Ninja Dog Defies Gravity, Runs Straight Up A Tree To Nab A Frisbee She REALLY wants that frisbee.
Superfreak Bandits Rob Bank Disguised As Rick James And Youngblood Robbin\u2019 banks and bustin\u2019 out.
25 Times When Animals Were As Klutzy As Humans Animals can be as klutzy as humans. Need proof? Check out these 25 GIFs of animals slipping, sliding, falling and failing
Which Girl Was Suspended For Wearing Wrong Shade Of Green? The girl's mother is red-faced over the decision.
Man Feared Dead Along Pennsylvania Highway Was Just Napping Move along... Nothing to see here...
CAUGHT ON TAPE Nobody hurt.
Just Looking At This Giant Onion Will Make You Cry And seven other pictures of enormous vegetables.
See The Water-Glass Trick The Whole Internet Is Talking About How in the heck?
NH Man Sets Car On Fire So It Won't Be Towed Shad Badeau went to extreme lengths to avoid having his car towed. Police arrested the 40-year-old New Hampshire man Sunday
Best Yogi Berra Quotes As great as Yogi Berra was a baseball player, his lasting legacy may be his \Yogisms.\ Yet as he once put it,\u00a0\u201cI never said
Michigan Woman Finds $1 Million Lottery Ticket In Her Old Mail She's had the ticket since May and only bothered checking recently.
Chocolate Factory Worker Makes Bomb Threat So He'll Be Fired SPOILER ALERT
KNOT GOOD Oh sheet!
Want This Robot? Better Not Have Sex With It The makers of \Pepper,\ a robot designed to be a personal companion do not want users to get too \personal.\ Anyone who purchases
Man Poses For Mug Shot In Stolen Sweatshirt, Gets Arrested Again A Connecticut man who wore a sweatshirt that said \libre\ (\freedom\) on it for a 2014 mugshot, was arrested after a man
This Bubble-Chasing Lion Is A Golden Retriever Fritz is our mane man.
Domino's Accidentally Delivers $1,300 In Cash Instead Of Chicken Wings \Karma should drop by my place soon.\
Man Who Blamed Robberies On 'Evil Twin' Singled Out For Stiff Prison Sentence The \evil twin\ was unavailable for comment.
Burrito Blamed For Bus Crash Burritos are usually blamed for indigestion and obesity, not car crashes.
We Could Never Bring Ourselves To Eat This Duck-Shaped Tomato If you're looking for adorable food, this fits the bill.
So You CAN Catch Crabs On The Subway! Passengers shellshocked.
Do These Cats Want A New Snail Friend Or Just Escargot? We sort of suspect it's the latter, but we can always pretend.
Florida Man's Dopey Meth Lab Joke Gets Him Banned From Disney Parks \I told them, 'I could have built a meth lab in the length of time it\u2019s taken you guys to answer my question.'\
Drunk Cowboy Avoids DWI By Hitching Ride With Horse Just say neigh to drunk driving.
Cats In Zero Gravity -- Need We Say More? Apparently\u00a0Soviet researchers used to love using cats in their experiments before sending people into space. Is that shocking
Bet You Can't Spot All The Nude Models In These NSFW Landscapes Some of them are pretty tough to find!
Dog Gives Priceless Reaction When Owner Pretends To Faint A dog is supposed to be man's best friend, but what happens when a dog owner tests the theory by pretending to faint? Put
Jeopardy Contestant Plays Hilarious Prank on Alex Trebek A contestant of \Jeopardy\ knows the value of a good joke
Most Amazing Invention Ever! A Raised Toilet Designed For Puking Yeah, the wheel is a cool invention, so is fire and the Internet. But those technological innovations pale compared to the
Beauty Queen Scarfs Down 12 Krispy Kreme Doughnuts In No Time She's got that glazed look.
Man Stabs Himself While Trying To Steal Phone, Police Say Besides attempting to steal a phone, the suspect is accused of taking a towel which he wrapped around his bleeding arm.
Virgin Snake Gives Birth For 2nd Time In 2 Years The mother snake has not even been close to a male snake  in 8 years.
Hungry Bear Cub In Colorado Pizza Parlor Has A Sweet Tooth \He's eating all the icing!\
Astronaut Scott Kelly Will Drink How Much Urine In A Year? Astronaut Scott Kelly is six months into a year-long stint aboard the International Space Station. The good news
Man Thinks He And Son Were Poisoned By Meth In Hotel Coffee Maker Omaha police are turning up their noses at the theory a coffee maker was used to make meth.
Man Throws Brisket At Woman During Beef At BBQ Fest, Police Say Some of the comments got pretty saucy.
Burglary Suspect Returns To Crime Scene For Lost Keys, Cellphone The suspect is believed to have been involved in two other crimes that night.
Adam Savage's Screaming Duck Bomb Is A Weapon Of Mass Distraction \It's even more amazing in person than you can imagine.\
Hang Out With Extreme Body Modifiers At Colombia's Freakiest Tattoo Festival Here, it\u2019s easy to get hooked on radical body art.
Drunk Wedding Guest Nearly Runs Down the Bride Tenille Bradley has just survived her wedding day. Literally. The Australian bride, who married Saturday at a country club
Driver's Escape From Wildfire Is A Ride Through Hell \This looks like something out of a Hollywood movie.\
Strippers Reveal Their Weirdest Experiences On The Job Exotic dancers definitely have some exotic on-the-job experiences -- and now they're revealing all.
Oops This won't fly. \u2708
Colonoscope Helps Thai Police Recover Stolen 6-Carat Diamond Authorities got to the bottom of the theft.
How Do You Survive An Ostrich Attack? Watch This Video. FYI
Is The World's Tallest Teenager Still Growing? At 7-foot-1, he's the same size as Shaq.
Watch These 3 Bears Playing On A Hammock But is the hammock just right?
WATCH Are 100 hula hoops too much for you? Probably.
You Won't Believe The Damage This Little Chunk Of Ice Caused The homeowner said the crash sounded like an exploding bomb
Man Urinates On Passengers During Jet Blue Flight Somebody was definitely pissed.
Fugitive Monkey Caught, Order Restored To Kentucky Town \No one knows what to do with a monkey.\
Slobs Rejoice Hate making your bed?\u00a0 Science has come to the rescue. \u00a0Turns out making your bed makes it easier for pesky mites to infest
Man Pays College Parking Tickets 40 Years After Graduating The man has felt guilty ever since.
Fireball Over Thailand Sparks 'Asteroid Apocalypse' Theories Don't run for the hills ... just yet.
Even Gorillas Are Glued To Smartphones These Days Just wait until they start playing Angry Birds.
Man Cited For Driving 112 MPH On Way To Traffic Court The suspect was on his way to deal with a ticket for speeding.
Nothing Will Ever Be As Cool As Jumping A Car On Fire Into Water God bless America.
Drunk Man Arrested For Assaulting Robot A drunk guy in a cellphone store in Japan was unhappy with a clerk's attitude ... so he kicked a robot, Not just any robot
Canadian Couple Catches Florida Burglary Via Web Cam Instead of watching cat videos, they saw a cat burglar.
Man Claims He Hasn't Showered or Bathed in Over 12 Years Not bathing for 12 years might be a bad way to keep friends and influence people, but David Whitlock swears by his sweat
Cat With Sunglasses Is Next-Level Chill So chill, he's cat-atonic.
6 Crime Myths You Believe Thanks To Hollywood Mythbuster No. 1
What Putting On A Bra Says About Your Personality Looking to make a snap judgment about a woman? Apparently, the way she puts on her bra can provide clues to her personality
Watch Skateboarder Shred A Downhill Run At 70 MPH Fast and furious in flannel.
Lightning Strikes Whiskey, Causes Epic Firenado We'd drink this whiskey.
World's Stretchiest Man Can Easily Fit In A Suitcase This clown is a real-life Mr. Fantastic.
Chilean Police Rescue Malnourished Child Being Breastfed By Dog The boy is now being taken care of by child welfare authorities.
World's Shortest Man Dies At Age 75 Chandra Bahadur Dangi, a native of Nepal, stood just 21.5 inches tall.
Think You Know Weird News? Take The Fark Weird News Quiz Think you know weird news? Maybe so, but you can't prove it until you take the Fark Weird News Quiz. We're waiting.
Home Burglar Steals Frozen Meat, Chain Saw Good finds?
Your Cat Doesn't Miss You When Leave The truth hurts
Charlie The Dog Maybe Doesn't Want A New Human In His Life (VIDEO) Sorry, Charlie.
Alaska Wife Steals Patrol Car Holding Hubby, Police Say When officers were distracted, the wife jumped into the patrol car and drove off.
Terrible Woman Berating Food Staff Meets Instant Justice This video will infuriate you until the very end.
Hikers Get Swept Off Waterfall In Flash Flood, Drone Captures Whole Thing Don't mess with nature.
Guy Kicks Screaming Toy Duck, And It's Good AAAAAAaaaaaaaaahhhhhh!
New Hampshire Town Celebrates 1965 UFO Sighting Organizers say fewer people are asking if they're whack jobs this year.
Man Types With His Nose Faster Than Anyone Ever The real hunt-and-peck method.
Man Who Tried To Sell Dirty Socks As Pot Learns Fate That really stinks
5 Insane Gimmicks Psychics Use To 'Predict' Future Making a living as a psychic or fortune-tellers is unpredictable -- and competitive. That's why some soothsayers have come
Texas Coed With Suspended License Drives Barbie Jeep Instead She's named the jeep \Charlene,\ after the toddler who owned it.
King Cobra On The Loose In Orlando, Florida Officials are warning residents to stay away from the venomous snake if they see it.
Write An Essay And Win A Historic Vermont Inn For $150, you could be the proud owner of a rural B&B.
Pro Clown Reveals 5 Creepy Truths About Job It seems there is a seedy underbelly to every single job and industry in the world. Yes, even clowns that show up to children's
Bank Teller's Bad Spanish Skills Thwart Attempted Robbery A bank teller's inability to translate Spanish helped thwart a bank robbery in San Antonio on Tuesday. A suspect walked into
Woman 'Teleported' Across Fish Festival In Portable Toilet She didn't realize a forklift moved the toilet with her inside.
This Grizzly Bear Thinks Your GoPro Sucks He's sooo not impressed by the high-tech camera.
In This City, Most Guys Have At Least 2 Girlfriends Back in the '60s, Jan and Dean sang about a mythical \Surf City\ where there were two girls for every boy. The place apparently
Man Huffs Keyboard Spray After Crash As Cop Watches Police said he started huffing as soon as he crashed the car.
People Pick Awful Tattoos By Chance And Still Go Through With It In 'Tattoo Roulette' Someone \wins\ a Trump hair tramp stamp.
One-Wheeled 'Hoverboard' Rolling Onto Market Inventor said the price will hover around $4,000 each.
Covered Wagon Turns Over, Snarls Traffic LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (AP) \u2014 History bumped into modern times when a covered wagon overturned on a busy Arkansas interstate, snarling
You'd Have To Smoke How Much Pot To Overdose? Smoking weed most likely isn\u2019t lethal if you\u2019re using it on a casual basis, but it actually can kill you if you ingest a
Man Heroically Saves Ribs From Apartment Fire Robert Wright of Fresno recently had the bad fortune of being in an apartment fire. However, there is good news
Cold Play \My stomach is numb.\
Escaped Wiener Dog WILL NOT BE STOPPED! He's got dogged determination.
Intruders Enjoyed Fast Food, Selfies On Boat While Family Slept I'M ON A BOAT.
Toddler Plays 'Peek-A-Boo' With Gorilla; Internet Goes Ape \It was a really fun interaction.\
'Free Candy' Van Upsets Sacramento Residents Turns out it was a joke, but parents say they felt threatened.
Mexican Man Says 19-Inch Penis Is Destroying His Life Women fear him and he is unable to work, he says.
California Man's Rattlesnake Selfie Goes Predictably Wrong His mother is furious she could have lost her son over a \stupid\ stunt.
Know Why Flamethrowers Are Hot This Week? Take The Fark Weird News Quiz Know why flamethrowers are hot this week? Show your knowledge of weird news by taking the Fark Weird News Quiz. Post your
Check Out Jiff The Pomeranian's New Move This is a showstopper.
London Is Being Watched Over By Superman Toy Taped To A Drone Crime doesn't stand a chance now.
Teacher Was Late To School 111 Times Because Of Breakfast Well, it IS the most important meal of the day.
Another Huge Sewage Spill, Another Beach Closure In Hawaii Just another day in paradise.
Police Mistake College Students' Telescope For Rifle And that dark sweater looks like a tactical vest.
A Dozen Girls Named Destiny Questioned Over Prom Invite Graffiti More importantly, did Destiny say yes to the prom invite?!
That's Not How You Beat Box Still better than Skrillex.
Prankster's Robot Driver Freaks Out Drive-Thru Workers \This is creepy as hell.\
Florida Man Tries To Escape Tow Truck, Fails Spectacularly \This guy isn't having a good day.\
PETA To Make A Killing Off Dentist-Slaying Lion Costume? The fur will be flying this Halloween for sure.
Newest Tasteless Halloween Costume Halloween is still more than two months away, but companies are gearing up with tasteless costumes. The Lion Killer Dentist
Man Dies Of Injuries From 1965 Car Crash The victim never fully recovered from head injuries and broken legs suffered in the accident.
Watch This Female Angler Fight A Huge Bull Shark You've got to be strong to haul in a shark.
Creepy Cloaked Figure Is Seriously Freaking People Out \u201cI see why it could be easy to make a joke out of it, but this is serious.\
Florida Man Breaks Into School So He Can Call Grandma The suspect punched a computer when he couldn't get to grandma on Facebook.
The Internet Was Asked To Photoshop This Couple's Photo. Silliness Ensued. Sorry guys, you've been trolled.
Grizzly Bear Rolls Down A Hill Like A Great, Big, Deadly Kid That's how he rolls.
Woman Finds Intruder Taking Shower, Doing Laundry ERIE, Pa. (AP) \u2014 Pennsylvania State Police say a woman found an intruder taking a shower and doing his laundry at her home
McDonald's Server's \Porcelain Doll\ Look Has Diners Lovin' It \Could easily double as an anime character\
Burglary Suspect Calls 911 To Report Fire Hazard At Crime Scene Police said the suspect admitted stealing a little red wagon.
Bearded Man Eats 'Record' 17 Big Macs In An Hour \As soon as I'm done, I regret it.\
The Joys Of Blowhole Sex Let's do it like they do on the Discovery Channel.
Virgin Gets Bionic Penis After Childhood Tragedy A 43-year-old UK man gets relief from an injury he received as a boy.
Man Proposes To Girlfriend Dressed As Killer Michael Myers You know you've found \the one\ when he knows your idea of a perfect marriage proposal is to dress as a famous serial killer
Know What Weird Thing A Man Did With A Mannequin? It's Fark Weird News Quiz Time! Know what weird thing a man did with a mannequin? Take the Fark Weird News Quiz and show your weird news knowledge
Giant Red Ball Rolls Down Toledo Streets Just having a ball with some runaway art.
Jailbreak Foiled When Staffers See Sheets Hanging From Cell SPOKANE, Wash. (AP) \u2014 Staffers at a jail in eastern Washington state foiled an escape attempt by spotting a long trail of
The Complete Star Wars Timeline In One Infographic The next Star Wars film won't be released for a few months, so now is the time to get caught up with all films, books, TV
Florida Woman Said She Was Kidnapped To Get Out Of Work The plan did not work.
'Fire Rainbow' Supplants Double Rainbow As Social Media Rainbow Of Choice South Carolina #blessed by rare optical phenomenon.
Florida Gun Range To Serve Booze, Because What Could Go Wrong? Getting blasted has a whole new meaning.
Airplane Panel Falls From Sky Onto Golf Course It was \twirling around in circles.\
Freerunners' Reality-Defying Tricks Will Leave You Dumbstruck Freerunning athletes Jason Paul and Pasha Petkuns star in this mind-bending Red Bull video.
Taxi Driver Accused Of Bank Robbery Caught Escaping In Own Cab A Florida cab driver accused of bank robbery was driven straight to jail after being arrested\u00a0while using his taxi as a getaway
These Pigs Run The Hurdles Way Better Than You Do They should be in the Oink-lympics.
Blue Whale Interrupts TV Presenter At Exactly The Right Moment Now that's some excellent comic timing.
British Professor Is Ch-Ch-Changing Into David Bowie Professor Will Brooker will dress like Bowie and even eat the same foods.
Lucky Seal Narrowly Escapes Jaws Of A Shark With Incredible Leap \u201cIt\u2019s really a testament to the speed and power that these animals can generate in such a short amount of space and time.\
Flying Robot International Film Festival Set To Land In San Francisco There's no category for drone porn.
Ninja-Clad Robbers Run When Store Owner Pulls Out Massive Sword Police are still looking for the ninjas.
America's Lice Are More Powerful Than Ever This Year The nits are more resistant to medication than ever
6 Most Ridiculous Screw-Ups In The History Of Science Scientists can be very clumsy with deadly diseases.
'Saved By The Bell' And Philly PD Still Want You Off Drugs In 'New' Ad Cut-and-paste PSA's creator should get detention.
Idaho Joins Colorado In Replacing 420 Mile Marker, Because Weed lol
Idaho Thwarts Stoners By Replacing Mile Markers Washington and Colorado have also changed their 420 mile markers
Man Wanted For Throwing Pornographic Paper Airplane Police want to talk with man accused of tossing airplane made from dirty mags.
World's Fastest Shed Can Reach 70 MPH He beat the previous record by 12 mph.
Bear's Plan To Break Into Man's Home Foiled By Cat Door The uninvited visitor had previously stolen brownie mix, a Toblerone bar and a can of Pepsi from the Idaho condo.
Alex Garant's 'Queen Of Double Eyes' Will Break Your Brain Here's looking looking looking at you you you, kid
Creepy Mailboxes With Faces Now 'Celebrities' In Taiwan \They look like they're smiling.\
DUI Crash Suspect Cops blame hooch, not pooch.
Know What 'Sabrina' Star Did? Take The Fark Weird News Quiz Know what Melissa Joan Hart did this week that was weird? Take the Fark Weird News Quiz and show your knowledge.
150 Crocodiles, Alligators Rescued From Toronto-Area Home The animals had been living at the house for 10 years, authorities say.
Meet The Angriest Baby In The World For the most part, newborns have a pretty chill life \u2014 they get fed, changed, burped and if not for the occasional gas or
Cape Cod Race Lets Runners Compete Virtually Via Treadmills Organizers hope allowing virtual racers will open up a revenue stream
911 Center Has Bed Bugs PITTSBURGH (AP) \u2014 Western Pennsylvania's largest 911 dispatch center has its own emergency
Man In Bear Costume Harasses Mother Bear And Cubs Wildlife official
The Teletubbies Singing Die Antwoord Will Haunt Your Nightmares This takes creepy to a whole new level.
Corduroy Regains World's Oldest Cat Title Corduroy's age is equivalent to 124 human years.
Disgruntled Man Can't Pay Parking Fine With Pennies Quarters and dimes would have been OK.
Minions Help Smuggle Cocaine, Continue To Destroy America Welcome to the end times.
Weather Map Shows 100% Chance Of Penis \You can't argue with the computer. It's science.\
Ax-Wielding Clown Turns Himself In Thankfully no one was injured.
Loaded Glock Found In Hollowed-Out Fake Bible There were also 10 bullets in the fake Good Book.
Man Clogs Casino Pipes With Counterfeit Chips Worth $2.7 Million The casino discovered the plan when the accused flushed the fake chips down the toilet.
'Meow-nisota' All Ears For Internet Cat Video Festival Selections include a scene from 'Jurassic Park' edited to include giant cats
5 Celebrities With Disgusting Habits Jessica Simpson may be pretty, but she has some pretty ugly dental habits. The singer prefers wiping a shirt on her teeth
Groundhog Gets Head Stuck In Tin Can BETHLEHEM, Pa. (AP) \u2014 One lucky groundhog might live to see another Groundhog Day thanks to authorities in eastern Pennsylvania
Man Assaults Brother For Not Sharing Big Macs, Police Say Guess he wasn't \lovin' it\
Neighbors Say Seattle Family's Crow-Feeding Is For The Birds SEATTLE (AP) \u2014 A couple in Seattle whose 8-year-old daughter feeds crows and pigeons is being sued by neighbors who say the
Poop Geyser On British Beach Erupts Snails, Dirty Water Buried sewage pipe linked to eruption of snails, feces.
Woman Takes Limo To Shoplift In Minnesota Mall, Police Say Apparently, she paid for the limo -- but nothing else
Millionaire's Son Torches Ferrari So He Can Get A New One The Ferrari was one of 15 luxury sports cars that the 20-year-old owns.
Cupcake-Crazed Dogs Start Fire While Pursuing Sweets Worth it.
Paraglider Who Flies Over Jail Prompts Sky Chase The paraglider thought the officers were just interested in the sport
Missing Dog Found 900 Miles Away, Is A Good Dog Who's a good girl!? YOU ARE.
Accused Sex Toy Thief Claims His Name Is 'Obama Is A Criminal' The suspect asked officers if they wanted to see the cherry tattooed on his sex organ
33-Year-Old Florida Man Arrested 32 Times The cops found meth.
Worst Water Slide Fails Ever Most kids have fond memories of heading to the water park and taking the slides all day long. But anyone who\u2019s ever spent
91-Year-Old Australian Charged With Importing Cocaine Police said the man may have been scammed.
Man To Marmot \Dude was acting sketchy.\
London All Abuzz Over Breathable Booze LONDON (AP) \u2014 Britons are buzzing over a temporary entry in the capital's already saturated drinking scene
Smuggler Allegedly Brings Weed-Stuffed Bible Into Jail Holy smokes!
Suspect Spills Beans About Planned Burglary In Mistaken 911 Call It was like shooting fish in a barrel for police this time.
Woman Allegedly Calls Cops 150 Times, Faces Charge MACON, Ga. (AP) -- A central Georgia woman has been arrested after police say she called 911 scores of times over several
Man Breaks Out Of Prison Using A Toy Shovel And A Surfboard A 23-year-old man serving time at Bast\u00f8y Prison, an island prison in Norway, is on the run after using an antique surfboard
Man Tries To Sell Backpack Filled With Dirty Socks As Pot A Michigan man allegedly tried to sell a backpack full of his dirty socks for $2,800. The would-be customers thought the
Priest's Lost Puppy Was Much Closer Than He Thought He initially thought the pup was stolen, but the little guy was trapped under the church.
Powerless Iron Man Forced To Deal With Life's Daily Bummers Sometimes, not even Tony Stark can escape frustration.
Pet Tortoise Crosses The Road, Spends Whopping Half-Mile On The Lam It only took one retweet to reunited the poor guy with his family.
Huskies Have Dominated The Selfie Game These are the only selfies that matter.
Man Arrested After Allegedly Giving Child Wet Willy Ewwww.
Drone Drops Drugs Into Prison Yard, Sparks A Fight Authorities are investigating who piloted the drone.
Viral Video Purportedly Shows HitchBOT's Demise Goodwill robot's violent end may be part of moronic prank.
Kentucky Sheriff Asks Drug Dealers To Turn In Competition So far, the plan hasn't smoked out any actual dealers
42,000 Pounds Of Trash Removed From Hawaii Home The property was filled almost to the ceiling with trash and smelled of \urine, feces and mold.\
Fake Cop Pulls Over Real Cop, Gets Real Charge He kept trying to convince the real cop that he wasn't a fake one.
Very-Much-Alive Woman Sues Credit Reporting Agencies For Saying She's Dead \Wow.\
Chicken Set To Get $2,500 Prosthetic Leg Don't eat this drumstick.
Alligator Bites 'Chunk' Off Man's Leg At Florida Tourist Attraction A worker at a Central Florida tourist attraction was reportedly attacked by an alligator while on the job last week.\u00a0 Sergio
Inflatable Minion Causes 'Despicable' Traffic Jam In Dublin As popular as the minions are with filmgoers, they didn't have many fans with commuters in Dublin, Ireland, on Monday. A
Rubber-Band Life Hacks Will Stretch Your Know-How Wash glasses, hang clothes and unscrew stuff better!
Know Why Bacon Is Weird News This Week? Take The Fark Weird News Quiz Bacon found its way into weird news this week. If you know why, take the Fark Weird News quiz.
Subway Sandwich Artists Ignore Robber Until He Leaves The employees' inaction saved the day.
Boy Watches Owls On TV, Real Owl Shows Up To Join Him \What a hoot!\
D.A.R.E. Accidentally Publishes Pro-Marijuana Legalization Post Too bad they deleted it.
Venomous Spiders Force Penn. School To Close For 3rd Time Oh what a tangled web ...
Man Interrupts Marriage Proposal To Stop Restaurant Robbery Will you marry this crime-fighting man?
Suspect Bought SUV After Stealing $150,000 Left On Lawn The van's sticker price was $46,000
Texas Businessman Finds iPhone That Fell From Plane WICHITA FALLS, Texas (AP) \u2014 A Texas businessman used an app to find his iPhone in a rural pasture after it fell about 9,300
'Sad Green Screen' Is The Best New Meme On Reddit :-(
What Happened To This Gummy Bear? A sweet and sad scene.
Banjo-Playing Suspect Serenades Cops In Bizarre Standoff There was no encore.
Cat Found Alive Aboard Sunken Boat LAKE HAVASU CITY, Ariz. (AP) \u2014 A trapped, hungry, wet and scared cat is now safe after it was found tucked away in a boat
$150,000 Stolen After ATM Workers Leave Cash On Lawn The phrase \a day late and a dollar short\ has never been more appropo. Police in Mahwah, New Jersey, are trying to track
'Brazen Bandit' Robs Bank, Takes Complimentary Lollipop What a sucker!
Firefighters Help Dog With Head Stuck In A Wheel A dog in Indianapolis somehow got its head stuck in a wheel. Luckily, firefighters came to the rescue.
Owl And Cop Have Staring Contest BOULDER, Colo. (AP) \u2014 A Boulder County sheriff's deputy got into a face-off with an owl with an attitude, and the owl won
Be Like This Pug And Just Chill Aww yeah.
Sweet Orangutan Kisses Pregnant Woman's Belly Through Glass \He is very interactive.\ Accurate!
Baby Owl Questioned In Owlbsolutely Adorable Police Encounter Whoooooo's this shady character?\u00a0\u00a0 A\u00a0sheriff's deputy in Boulder County, Colorado, came across this suspicious baby owl last
1 Car, 2 DUIs When Passenger Jumps In Driver's seat ROCKINGHAM, Vt. (AP) \u2014 One traffic stop netted two drunk-driving arrests in Vermont after police say a backseat passenger
Urine-Proof Paint Returns Fire On Peeing Perps Hard partiers, beware.
Guy's Attempt To Take Rattlesnake Selfie Ends With $153,000 Bill Let thissss be a cautionary tale.
Know Where Steven Seagal Is Hated Most? Take The Fark Weird News Quiz Action star Steven Seagal is banned from entering a certain country. If you know which one, take the Fark Weird News Quiz
Cats Who Hold Guinness World Records Cats\u00a0are super cool, but those that break world records get to be just a little bit cooler than the rest.
EWWW! Was That A Bugnado On Texas Weather Radar? Forget \Sharknado.\ On the same day the latest film in the series aired on SyFy, it seemed as if a massive 50-mile BUGNADO
Man Steals Hearse To Frame Enemy It's the weirdest story about a stolen hearse you'll ever hear. Police in Buffalo say 28-year-old Michael Healing stole an
Dog Shot In Milwaukee Amid Rumors Of Lion On The Loose A dog in Milwaukee was expected to make a full recovery after being shot in apparent mistake for a lion reported to have
Surfer Sets Himself On Fire, Gets Barreled Like It's NBD A bro. On fire. Surfing one of the world's most dangerous waves.
Maine Fisherman's Orange Lobster Is His 2nd Rare Crustacean RAYMOND, Maine (AP) \u2014 A Maine lobsterman has caught a rare bright orange lobster, the second time he's pulled an odd-colored
Man Calls 911 To Get Air Conditioner Fixed, Police Say A Pennsylvania man was apparently blowing hot air when he called 911\u00a0to get help with his air conditioner. Police in Indiana
15 Things That Look Like Donald Trump There is only one Donald Trump, but you'd be surprised at how many doppelgangers he has. Spoiler alert
Would You Drink Beer Brewed With Boiled Lobsters? We'd probably take a crack at it.
Couple Is Trying To Make Personal Shark Cages A Thing A lifeguard had to tell them it was a bad idea.
Jeff Bagwell Gets To Second Base For The First Time In Years Former Houston Astros star Jeff Bagwell was a public figure in a very public place Tuesday, but that didn't stop him from
Monstrous Controversy Rages Over Loch Ness UFO Photos Has the mystery finally been solved? What's a sea monster to do?
\u2018Tea Cup Pigs\u2019 Turn Out To Be Regular Big Pigs, Unwanted Pets Overwhelm Rescues Thousands of people are getting much more than they bargained for after buying \tea cup pigs.\
North Carolina Couple Uses Homemade Shark Cages When Going Into Ocean A North Carolina couple recently went into the ocean to beat the heat. They brought along homemade shark cages in order to
Police Kill Pregnant Cow Charging Through Hawaii Traffic A passerby tried to help, but spooked the animal.
Fresh Off Hot Dog-Eating Contest, Rivals Prepare To Face Off Over Chicken Wings This is the rematch the world is hungry for.
Bear Eats 20 Pounds Of Dog Food, Promptly Dozes Off First he found a shady spot to enjoy it.
Thieving Magpie Steals Joint From Man A magpie in Germany got a pot smoker all out of joint when the bird stole the spliff the guy was smoking.
Is 'Fowling,' A Bizarre Bowling-Football, The Next Big Sport? HAMTRAMCK, Mich. (AP) \u2014 A Detroit-area entrepreneur believes he has scored a touchdown with his new business idea. Or thrown
Drink Yourself High With A Cannabis Smoothie (VIDEO) If you think Jamba Juice gets you high,\u00a0just wait until you try this. \Bhang lassi\ \u00a0is a popular smoothie-like cannabis
Kids Show Up At Friend's House With Un-detonated Mortar Shell This play date was da bomb.
Drunk Driving Suspect Found Naked On Barn Roof, Police Say The suspect was not injured when he fell off
Stolen ATM Machine Falls Out Of Getaway Van LYNNWOOD, Wash. (AP) \u2014 Snohomish County authorities say two thieves suspected of stealing an ATM machine from a business
Veteran Suffers Gunshot Wound Protecting Baby Sea Turtles Hero of the week.
Drunk Man Gets Run Over By Train, Doesn't Even Get Hurt \Uninjured but still drunk.\
Hawaii Just Got Hit By A July Snow Storm (Seriously) Because nature is crazy.
Teen Plane Crash Survivor Tried To Save Grandparents Autumn Veatch describes her harrowing ordeal for the first time.
Man Charged With Stealing Hearse During Funeral BUFFALO, N.Y. (AP) \u2014 A 28-year-old man has been charged with stealing a hearse from outside a Buffalo church while a funeral
World's Oldest Sperm Discovered In Antarctica We\u2019ve heard of freezing sperm, but this is taking it to the next level. Fifty-million-year-old sperm cells from a worm have
This Gorilla Is Really Tired Of Living In A Zoo And Having His Photo Taken Photographer agrees
Bejewel Your Cat's Butt With Twinkle Tush You'll never see your cat's butt the same way again.
Leaping Shark Just Wants In On The Fun What do you do when you're feeling extra fly, but your friend is getting all the attention?
Hot Day? Make Chocolate-Covered Strawberries In Your Car When life\u00a0gives you heat, use it to bake some sweet treats\u00a0-- right in your car.\u00a0 To make summer's grueling high temperatures
Show Dogs Are Fatter Than You Might Expect LONDON (Reuters) - A quarter of dogs competing in the world\u2019s biggest dog show are overweight, scientists said on Monday
Dog Scared Of Feather, Gives Fear A Cute New Dimension 
Enjoy This Parrot Playing Peekaboo, Please 
New Hot Dog Eating Champion Crowned 
Grammar Stickler's Parking Ticket Tossed Because Of Missing Comma 
Unicorn Poop Taste Delicious! It starts with the texture and taste of a fine Italian pignoli cookie giving way to the non-cloying but sugared sweetness and pull of salt water taffy and did I mention it's rainbow colored and has rainbow sprinkles?
Bear In Pool Can't Surf 
What's Better Than This Dog At The Drive-Thru? Nothing. 
Suction-Cup Darts On Eyeballs Demand Your Attention 
The Incredibly Strange Case of the Sleep-Talking Bus Driver and His Gaslighting Wife He broke into chatter most nights, within 10 minutes of falling asleep. Even worse, his subconscious mind seemed stuck on his exes
This Glowing Condom Changes Color If You Have An STD 
'Vampire Woman,' Other Ink Fanatics Swarm Tattoo Convention 
This 'Giraffe' Will Woo You With Some Marvin Gaye 
Here's What Science Says About The Connection Between Your Name And Your Destiny 
Watch This Record Trick Shot From The Top Of A Dam 
Hundreds Of Goats Invade Berkeley 
Avalanche Bunny Is Your New Hero 
This Is Not How You Play Frisbee, But We Love It Anyway 
AMAZING PHOTOS 
High-Fiving A Massive Great White Is As Wild As It Looks 
Why American Pharoah's Sperm Is More Valuable Than His Victories 
The World's Oldest Living Cat Has Died 
Hellacious Eel-Like Fish Are Dropping From The Sky In Alaska 
FINALLY! A Knife That Toasts Bread As It Slices 
Bus Slogan Nixed Because It's A Racial Slur When Read Backwards 
Woman's Winning House Bid Includes Free Pizza For Life 
Man Carries Fully Loaded AR-15 Into World's Busiest Airport 
What Is It Like to Be Attacked by Killer Bees? In November 1995 I was on an anti-poaching patrol in the Zambezi Valley on the Zambian side of the river.  I was carrying my .375 H&H and leading as it was a dangerous game area so the immediate threat was bumping into lion, buffalo, elephant or other beasties.
Man Creates World's Largest Whoopee Cushion; Cat Is Not Impressed 
Rugby Player Catches Dog Chomping On Rabbit 
Man Replaces Pet Store Signs With What We're All Really Thinking 
This Old Cheese Costs A Lot Of Cheddar 
Woman Accused Of Butt-Lick Bribery 
How Fast Can A Poop-Powered Bus Go? 
Make Way For The Goths 
Man Asks City To Ban Fart Smells -- For A Good Reason 
Three Children Injured When Bounce House Flies Into The Air 
Woman Considered Oldest Person In The World, Turns 116 
Killers Frontman Comes Clean About Bizarre Hobby 
What Your Porn Store Clerk Knows About You 
PIG MOVEMENT 
New Dish For Robbers At Subway -- DNA Marking 
Teen Jumps On Whale Shark Like It's NBD 
After Bomb Threats And Backlash, BBQ Restaurant Stands Firm On 'White Appreciation Day' 
Knockoff Disney Princess Warbles About Finding The One True Bra In This Adorable Lingerie Ad 
Smartest Man In The World Says Women And Weed Are Our Future 
An Etch-A-Sketch Salute To HuffPost 
Dog Stranded On Out-Of-Control Dinghy Takes Wild Ride... To Absolutely Nowhere 
Take Out Your Credit Cards! We've Found The Weirdest Mother's Day Gifts 
Giant Egg Spill Leaves A Runny Mess 
Guy Tenders His Resignation In The Sweetest Way Possible 
Dog That Looks Like Steve Buscemi Highlights The Problem With Famous Pets 
Florida Cop 
Celebrity Mountain Lion Leaves L.A. Crawl Space, Probably For New York 
Chiropractor Performs Exorcisms And Barters For Sex With Patients 
'Diaper Don' Switches Price Tags To Steal Thou$ands 
A Big Tribute to the Little Man Little Jimmy was a God-loving man, but also a lover of people and good times. He loved Coney Island and the July 4th contest where he and I could celebrate America, and then stroll post-contest to Ruby's on the boardwalk.
Burn, Snowman! Burn! 
'God' Accused Of Attacking Cop, Having Sex With Tree 
Man Accused Of Arson, Microwaving Neighbor's Wallet 
Candy-Filled Egg Forces Evacuation 
Fake Cop Busted For Pulling Over Real Cops 
Times Square Cookie Monster Allegedly Gropes Teen 
'Bubble Boy' Finally Comfortable In His Own Skin 
Please Be Careful, Skateboard Taco 
Accused Serial Train Masturbator Admits Harassing More Than 100 Women 
Cat Just Says 'No!' To Bath Time 
Russia Outlaws Celebrity Memes 
Are Mermaids, Unicorns and Dragons Real? Sometimes we invent mythical creatures
Turns Out Chimps Don't Like Being Spied On 
Students Attempt World's Largest Rice Krispie Treat 
Kim Jong Un Learned To Drive At 3, According To A North Korean Teacher's Guide 
Brazil's Miss BumBum Stirs Controversy With Body Art (NSFW) 
'Mrs. Doubtfire' Bank Robber Sought By Santa Cruz Police 
China's Sexiest Panda Obliterates Own Record In Latest Sex Romp 
Kurt Cobain Is Still Alive ... And Playing In Weezer??? 
Hero Who Drove Jeep Off Tow Truck 
Professor Allegedly Sends Students Porn By Accident 
'Toby McBeard' Brings Sexy to Kids-Focused Media Beards are now so cool, even kids are sporting them, or apparently that's what the minds at Coolfire Studios\u00a0and\u00a0DreamWorksTV\u00a0would like us to think.
Sea Lion Yanks Man Off Boat In Effort To Snatch Fish 
Armed Teen Poses As Cop, Gets Ice Cream And Arrested, Real Cops Say 
Is Your House Haunted? Or Just Dirty? 
Burger To Wed King In Most Delicious Marriage Ever 
Virginia The Diva Pig To Human 
What Is This Giant Pettable Cat Head Advertising? 
Dick Masturbates In Tickle Creek 
New Zealand Weed Shortage Is Dire 
A Weird and Wonderful Cabaret Chronicle To Karen, size doesn't matter. She gives her all, regardless of whether she's performing in a vast symphony hall, in a Broadway theater or in this packed, 85-seat intimate club.
What Do Sex And Sword Swallowing Have In Common? 
Ownership Of Penis-Shaped House Up For Grabs 
Woman Accused Of Setting Fire To Yoga Studio Explains Smiling Mug Shot 
OF CORSET HURTS! Venezuelan Model Gets 'Waisted' 
Porn for Peace In a world where brother battles brother, and Russia and Ukraine find themselves in a virtual state of war, Only One Man could restore peace and harmony. One Man. Sandwiched between two bleached blondes. Riding an inflatable dolphin. And wearing nothing but a jockstrap.
ANOTHER Alleged Criminal Pocket Dials 911 
Man Cleared After He Admits Putting Bodily Fluid In Woman's Coffee 
A Very NSFW History Of Video Game Penises 
Why Reading the 'New Yorker' Will Get You Punched in the Head I saw a blinding white light -- or rather felt -- it as the sucker punch hit the left side of my temple. Later, staggering on The Bowery, I would be amazed that my Goorin Brothers newsboy hat stayed on my head.
You Won't Believe What This Guy Was Doing When He Fell Asleep 
This Is Why You Shouldn't Skateboard Drunk 
Autotune The Dog 
Man Shoots Friend In Argument Over Favorite Beer 
Man Can't Find Winning Lottery Ticket By Deadline 
Teenagers Float Away On Lake Michigan Ice Raft 
Island Visitors Warned To Stay Away Because Polar Bears Could Attack Them 
Need A Job? What About A Fabulous Career In Chick Sexing? 
The Truth Behind Fighter Pilot Passing Floating Snickers 
Man Bit Off Fingertip While Watching UFC Fight 
Man Finds Vomit-Covered Stranger Passed Out In Dining Room 
Parrot's DIY Shower Will Knock You Over With A Feather 
Man Throws Brick At Window. Brick Bounces Off Window. Brick Knocks Man Out. (VIDEO) 
Candy-Hauling Man Used 'James Bond' Device To Hide License From Toll Booth 
Dirty Pig Pulls Over Man, Takes Bribe 
Astronaut Makes Terrifying Find 
There's A Kickstarter To Buy 5 Acres Of Hell 
Your New Bacon-Eating Champ Wolfs Down So Much Little Piggy 
Kindergarten Teacher Allegedly Drinks Beer At School 
Utah Woman Has Caught 46 Bridal Bouquets 
Punxsutawney Phil Offered Protection After Police Threats 
Obama Not Antichrist, Newspaper Correction Notes 
Flight Delayed Due To Rampaging Scorpion 
'People Loved Freaks, And They Still Do' 
Robbers Wore Boxershorts On Their Heads 
Cat On The Skylight Is A True Delight 
Creepiest Tinder Photos Ever 
Dad Straps Baby To Steering Wheel And Spins Him Around 
THIS AGGRESSION WILL NOT STAND 
Don't Worry About All Those Attacks By Hat-Stealing Oregon Owl 
Talking Dolls Hacked To Spew Filthy Things (UPDATE) 
Happy Valentine's Day, Weirdo! 
Teen Artist Fights To Replace Cosby Tributes With Naked Statues 
Boob-Twerking Model Is Back With Another Classic 
Cop Finds Pricey, Possibly Stolen Art In Old Meth Lab 
Woman Wants To Be First To Give Birth On Mars 
WATCH 
Watch A Man In A Wingsuit Fly Over The Pyramids Of Giza 
BOTTOMS UP! Cops Allegedly Find Driver Sitting Pantless On Whisky Bottle 
'Zombie Cat' Should Not Go Back To Owner Who Buried Him Alive 
Holy Crap! British Artist Will Cast Your Anus In Bronze (NSFW) 
Tommy Chong On The Drug War 
Boston Yeti Roams Snowy Streets, Assures People 'I'm A Vegan' 
Furniture Store Used As Front For Marijuana Grow Room 
'Zombie Cat' Claws Way Out Of Grave And Into Our Hearts (UPDATED) 
Would You Invest In... Bigfoot?! Bigfoot has been one of America's greatest all-time controversies. But investment? That seems a bit too far off to me. But, just in case you are, in Fox Mulder's lingo, a true believer, this might just be in your financial plan of the year.
How To Tell If Bigfoot Poop Is Fake 
The 'Most Dangerous' Sex Position Is .... 
Man Apparently Opens Beer With Butt, Inspires Bartenders Everywhere 
Man Transforms His Home Into A Playground For His Cats 
What The Fark? Founder Of Fark.com Running For Governor 
Will Foot Fetishists Foot The Bill For NSFW New Toy? 
Stock Photobomber Makes Any Stock Photo A Million Times Better 
Smoker Fined $15K For Throwing Butts Out Window 
4 Children Flee From Car Driven By Allegedly Drunk Mom 
Mittens The Intersex Cat To Get Gender Assignment 
WATCH 
OH GOD DON'T EAT JIMMY 
WATCH 
MUST WATCH 
Garbage Truck Scoops Up Man Looking For Wallet 
Teacher Assigns Class Essay Asking, 'How Would You Kill Me?' 
Man Tries To Buy A Ghost On Craigslist 
You Won't Believe This Dog's Tongue Is Real Kiss was born with a rare neurological condition that makes him unable to pull his tongue into his mouth. The more relaxed and happy he is, the floppier the tongue. Think of it as his unique, silly smile.
WATCH 
Screaming Frog Isn't Scaring Anyone 
Man Suspected In Theft, Arrested After DUI Crash 
Farting Teen Sparks Fight 
Surfer Finds Ring 35 Years After He Lost It 
Dog 
Nice Catch! 
WATCH 
Wizard Cat 
Fourth Graders Suspended After Plotting To Kill Teacher With Hand Sanitizer 
5 Terrifying Secrets Of Hospital Emergency Rooms 
Woman Claims To Reenact Michael Phelps Affair In 'Going For The Gold' Porno 
10 Worst Tinder Dates Ever (As Witnessed By Bartenders) 
Reptile Shop Owner Busted After Slapping People With His Bearded Dragon 
Naked Man Found Curled Up On Doggie Beds At CVS 
Woman Tried To Sneak Gun Into Jail In Her Genitals 
Cops Seek 'Poopgangsta' In Christmas Eve Shooting 
Man With Knife In Skull For Hours 'Wasn't Aware Of It' 
WTFark, 2014! 
Penny The Miracle Dog 'Safe And Sound' After 2,400-Mile Adventure 
Beer, Fireworks And David Hasselhoff 
Hair Fetishist Has Brush With Law After Dollar Store Haircut 
The True American Food Outlaws are in Chicago Glutton Force Five is a food lifestyle brand. Run by Pat \Deepdish\ Bertoletti, who handles the food creation part, and Tim \Gravy\ Brown, who handles the magical marketing and promotion, Glutton Force Five is as kick-ass as food gets.
Argentina President's Bizarre Werewolf Mishap 
Smile, You're On County Sheriff Camera! 
Abductee Painter Channels Aliens in His Art An alien abduction can either be a shocking experience or an illuminating one, better yet, sometimes it's both. But here's something, coming from a 33-year-old UK artist, that seems a bit more unique.
People Who Had Worse Sex Than You In 2014 
WATCH 
Jesus Was Seen Everywhere This Year 
How Do Fighter Pilots Earn Their Nicknames and Call Signs? If it sounds cool, it's a secondary effect. There are some really cool ways to earn them, though. The main way is usually via your name and if there's a way to make it sexually suggestive, it usually happens (up until about 10 years ago).
Driver Allegedly Impersonating Officer Had 'Let's Be Cops' DVD 
Weed Of The Month Club For Serious Stoners 
WATCH 
The 12 Weird Days Of Christmas 
Dogs In Holiday Outfits Will Be The Merriest Thing You See All Day 
Middle School Teacher Fired For Taking Kids On Ride In Car Trunk 
Cat Is Not Impressed With Tortoise's Shenanigans 
Failed Bakery Thief Crashes Through Ceiling 
Cloud Of Controversy Over Pot-Smoking Santa 
11-Year-Old Girl Steals $10,000, Hails $1,300 Cab 
The Ugliest Ugly Christmas Sweaters Of The Season 
Man Says He Masturbates Naked In Yard Because Mom Banned Porn 
Office Party Sex 
WATCH 
Graffiti Artists Give Miami Neighborhood Wall-To-Wall Makeover 
Feeling Dirty? We Know How To Make You A Real Lady (Or Lord) 
This Lobster Is Old Enough To Collect Social Security 
Woman Asked About Drunk Driving Responds, 'Gobble Gobble Turkey' 
Meet The Man Who Killed Your Turkey 
Homeless Man Steals Ambulance To 'See Some Pole Dancing' 
This Man Had A Death Wish. For His Mustache. 
New Frog Species Groans, Coughs (PHOTO INSIDE) 
School Playground Evacuated Due To 'Aggressive' Squirrel 
Alleged Shoplifters Drove In Circles In Parking Lot 
Now You Can Print 3D Sex Toys At The UPS Store (Probably) 
Monkey On The Loose In Florida Has Cops Working 'Tirelessly' 
BAD DOG! Police Pooch Fired 
Brew Do You Love? 
DUI Suspect Allegedly Drinks Vodka While Being Questioned By Cop 
Trooper Saves Woman Being Strangled By Seatbelt 
Woman Eats 2 Large Sponges A Week 
Student Fell Through Bathroom Ceiling Naked, Bit Man's Ear Off 
84-Year-Old's Date With Teen Twins Turns Into Nightmare 
WHERE'S THE BEEF? Woman Suspected Of Epic Sausage Heist 
3,500-Year-Old Dagger Was Used As A Doorstop 
CRAPPY HOLIDAYS 
You Have Not Known Fear Until You've Watched This (GRAPHIC VIDEO) 
Watch These Turkeys Get Attacked By Turkeys 
Camera Hidden In Woman's Pants Teaches Men A Lesson 
WATCH 
Group Of Goth Kids Claims To See Ghost Of Old Man At Cemetery 
The Brazilian Capital Of Public Nudity 
WATCH 
Florida Bra-Wearing Man Allegedly Blocks ATM Customers 
Florida Thief Robs Pizza Man, Comes Forward As Witness, Blames Cousin 
WATCH 
MEATLOAF SURPRISE! TSA Finds Cocaine In Raw Meat 
Toilets In The Kitchen 
57 Skydivers Are Basically A 'Party Flying Through The Sky' 
How Does A Cowboy Win Any Fight With A Whip? Our Weird Podcast Has The Answer 
Girl's Princess Wand Is Actually Beyond Scary Demonic Toy 
Hockey's Got Nothin' On Figure Skaters' Bloody Collision 
Naked Man Sleeps And Drinks Whiskey On Subway (NSFW) 
Roommate Dancing While He Thinks No One's Watching Is AMAZING 
Behind the Scenes With One of Broadway's Biggest Magicians Nearly a decade ago, I'd found Trent's ad seeking a summer assistant on Craigslist. The main qualifications
There Might Be Giants - Real Giants! Just Ask The Weird News Podcast 
British Pop Star Finds Spider Living In Her Ear 
Elusive Fanged Deer Spotted For First Time In 66 Years 
Subway Robber Complained About 'Jared Diet' 
Florida Man Gets Arrested With 'Go Directly To Jail' Shirt 
Man Suspended For Using Robot Voice With Customers 
Visit a Real Haunted Location This Halloween, the Feds Can Help Halloween is a great time to visit your local haunted locations. I am sure your neighborhood ghost will appreciate it. In fact, ghosts might moan just to dramatically make it known they are bored, just like your kids do.
Fish Attacks Cats, Turns Our World Upside Down 
Fetish Model's Waist Measure Only 16 Inches 
Woman Finally Beats Claw Machine, Emotions Run High 
Woman Arrested For DWI Twice In 3 Hours -- Once As A Zombie 
Florida Men Visibly Pleased By Large, Dead Alligator 
Dogs Win Halloween. Again. 
RIDICULOUS REENACTMENT 
If This Is What It Takes To Be A Vegetarian, Forget It 
LOOK 
George, Dorothy and Noel -- the Weird, Wonderful and Merciless Wits of the 1920's Return to Manhattan ... and Not a Second too Soon. How did an 8-year-old California lad with a lateral lisp develop enough of a lilting tongue to sing Coward's sophisticated lyrics?
'Ebola' Heroin Found During Raid 
Fraudster Faked Coma For Two Years In Massive Scam 
Ho Boy!  Brad Zimmerman Serves Up a Weird, Wonderful and Hilarious Jewish Tragedy If any show is perfectly named, it's My Son The Waiter, A Jewish Tragedy, written and performed by Brad Zimmerman. One person didn't think so. Who? Brad's mother.
This Year's Sickest Halloween Costume? Ebola! 
'Overwhelming' Stink Leads Cops To Massive Illegal Lobster Stash 
Sex In Ocean Sucks In Worst Way Imaginable 
UFO SIGHTING 
The Weird But Wonderful Love Affair Between Love Letters and Broadway The very prolific Gurney is a cross between Anton Chekhov and Alan Ayckbourn. Like Chekhov, Gurney has a feel for both farce and tragedy and writes about characters trapped in what they don't realize is an expiring culture.
Weirdest Halloween Costume Ever? 
Hawk Attacks A Quadcopter Drone, Wins In Terrifying Fashion 
Extreme Body Painting Takes Halloween Costumes to a New Level If your costume is on the seasonal shelf next to the skeleton-print napkins, and also made out of the same material as the napkins, perhaps you could better invest that $79.95.
WATCH 
Well, That's One Way To Cross A Bridge 
WATCH 
Coast Guard Rescues Man Trying To Float To Bermuda In A Bubble 
This Woman's Polyphonic Overtone Singing Sounds Alien 
Man Floating In Bubble Rescued 
Heavy Metal 'Ducktales' Theme Is Quacking Hardcore 
Mom Burglarizes Cars At School, Claims She's Looking For ISIS 
This Camel Seems Like It Laughs When Tickled 
Chair Hugs You When You're Lonely 
BALLSY MOVE 
The Strangest Things Women Used To Insert In Their Bodies In The Hopes Of Avoiding Pregnancy 
'An Airplane S*** On Us,' New Zealand Woman Claims 
Donald Trump Tweets He Was An 'Inspiration' For Serial Killers 
PRAISE TREE-SUS! Man Sees Jesus In Tree Trunk (PHOTO) 
'Drunk' Moose Terrorizing Sweden Probably Not Even Drunk 
House Sitter Accused Of Stealing $100,000 Of Jewelry From Co-worker 
Universe Aligns, Gives Us A Honking Cat (VIDEO) 
Cops 
Plane Makes Unscheduled Landing Due To Alleged Masturbator 
WATCH 
America's Weirdest Yard Sale Is In This Beautiful, Defunct Church 
Florida Man Allegedly Threatened To Shoot Drive-Thru Employee Over Burger 
Mom, 2 Teens Allegedly Draw 100-Yard Penis On Football Field 
The Dream Comes True 
Threesome With Homeless Man Turns Violent After Beef Taste-Test 
Big Honors For UFO Congress 
Man Washing Hair With Mayo In Public Fountain 
Teacher Cut Off Woman's Hair During Hug 
'Boobie Squeezing Simulator' Takes Virtual Reality To New Lows 
Gravedigger Suspended After Taking Photo With Dead Man 
Window With Wasp Nest Boasts Killer View 
The Future Of Fashion Is The Selfie Hat 
Agitated Woman Vows To Poop On Inconsiderate Dog Owners' Yards 
Rest In Peace Zeus, World's Tallest Pooch 
The Redheads Are Coming! The Redheads Are Coming! 
Boy With 8 Limbs Undergoes Life-Changing Surgery 
Insanely Drunk Woman Tries To Pick Up Child From School 
Love by the Hour in the City of L'Amour Whatever rocks your boat. A new concept hotel in the capital of love and romantic ballads is all the rage in Paris these days.
Man's Proposal Ends In Tragedy 
PHOTOS 
Mom Let Child Drive Because She Was Drunk 
Burglar Offers To Mow Lawn If Homeowners Let Him Go 
Pajama-Clad 9-Year-Old Steals City Bus 
Suspected Drunk Trespasser Proves He's Superman By Jumping Out Window 
City Offers Free Pot For The Poor 
CAUGHT ON VIDEO 
Suspect Swallowed Stolen Ring 
Woman Becomes 'World's Oldest Person' 
Approaching Shark Doesn't Spur Swimmers To Action -- At First 
Family Makes Terrifying Discovery In Couch 
3 Hostages Actually Just Hallucinating On Meth 
Texas Woman Is A Real-Life Tiger 
Watch A Pro Try To Hit An 186 MPH Pitch 
Prosecutor Allegedly Helped Convict Avoid Jail, Sent Bikini Pic 
Chihuahua Enjoys Weird Neck Massage, Lives The Dream 
'Space City' Houston UFOs Look For An Explanation 
Bird Poo Is The Worst Flavor Of Ice Cream 
When You Have 99 Problems, Buy This Perfectly-Sized Pack Of Beer 
WOOD You Like To Know What This Looks Like? 
Southwest Airlines Loses 85-Year-Old Passenger 
Morbid Anatomy Museum 
Man In Penguin Suit Stole Beer 
Woman Uses Fake Babies To Sneak Into Maternity Ward 
True Story The best costumes don't always win trophies. In fact, sometimes they're not even condoned, as is the case with the rooster who went to Vegas for Halloween.
6 Reasons To Have Sex With A Robot 
These Insane Ping Pong Trick Shots Will Get You In The Groove 
Woman Allegedly Beats Man Who Farted In Her Face 
Where Do We Come From? My dear readers, Denial is not a river in Egypt. What will it take to wake up? Or have we allowed ourselves to be so disempowered that we have thrown in the towel? If so, is self destruction imminent? I would hope not.
This Is the Most Insane Motorcycle Crash Ever 
Florida Meth-Cooking Mom Busted By 7-Year-Old 
Navy Entertainment and Major League Eating Continued The history of the female gurgitator is a short one. From Japan, Takako Akasaka once ate 90 ostrich egg omelets. Known as \The Sweet Queen,\ in 2000 she decimated New York city pastry shops and ate a then-record 22 Nathan's hot dogs in 12 minutes.
You Won't Believe Why This Man's License Was Suspended 
UFOs Caught By Canadian News Crew During Forest Fire Coverage 
Elderly Man Crashes Car Into Pool 
Watch The Pok\u00e9mon World Championship Finals! 
BASE Jumper Won't Let Paralysis Stop Him 
Florida's Newest Public Masturbator Tells Cops He's House Hunting 
WINE Not Steal To See Your Boyfriend? 
Wrong-Way Driver Hits Cyclists, Hides Meth In Her Genitals 
Spaced-Out Lady On The Train Is Transported To Another Galaxy 
Ice Bucket Challenge With A Stun Gun. Let's Just Hope This Doesn't Catch On. 
Macabre Betting Pool On Sturgis Deaths 
Man Dies After Vibrator Gets Stuck In Rectum 
Maserati Patrol Car Raises Police Suspicions 
This Might Make Your Ears Bleed 
Two-Headed Dolphin Carcass Totally Freaks Out Man On Turkish Beach 
Boy Fights Gator, Wins 
Rough Day For Alleged Naked Belligerent Leaf Blower 
RIP Ale, The World's Alleged Oldest Eel 
Man Builds 'Star Trek'-Themed Cabin Out Of Junk 
If This 87-Year-Old Nudist Is Elected Sheriff, Blame Jon Stewart 
'Virgins Wanted' At NYC Film Festival 
This Shiba Inu Totally Wins At Customer Service 
Woman Walks Naked Boyfriend On Leash 
Dentist Named Toothaker Allegedly Stole Dental Gold 
Doll Rescued From Hot Car 
Man Drove Drunk With 100 Chickens In Car, Many Dead 
Bar Serving \Medically-Supervised' Wine To Hospital Patients 
Penis Cloud Is A Cloud That Looks Like A Penis 
Marshmallow Blaster, Meet Girlfriend's Butt 
Guy's Hilarious Obit 
LOOK 
Here's 2 Minutes Of Disney Characters Falling Down 
Didn't Do Your Pushups? This Wristband Will Shock You 
Rodent Feasts On Treat In Vending Machine While We Lose Our Lunch 
And Now 
British Man Builds Gigantic Farting Butt, Lets 'Er Rip At France 
Forget A Bed Of Nails; This Guy Lies On A Bed Of ONE Nail 
Here Is About 2 Minutes Of Flies Getting Capped With A Plastic Gun That Shoots Salt 
Knife-Wielding Man Robs Teens Of Krispy Kreme Doughnuts 
Man Robs Restaurant Then Returns For Lunch 
When We Said Come To The Park, We Weren't Advocating THIS 
LOOK 
Skydivers Perfectly Land Slip 'N Slide From 5,000 Feet 
Dad Claims Kingdom So 7-Year-Old Can Be Real Princess 
Dad Allegedly Hides 16 Bags Of Heroin In Baby's Diaper 
Seattle's Attorney Takes Pot To Work, Apologizes (And Smokes) 
If Even One Person Believes Steven Spielberg Killed A Dino, It's Too Many 
LOOK 
Comedian Smokes 'Crack' Publicly In San Francisco, Nothing Happens 
Suspected Backyard Masturbator Arrested 
Proof That Red Bull Can't Possibly Give You Wings 
Pot Documentary Filmmaker To Pass Out Free Weed At Screenings In Colorado 
Alleged Walmart Masturbator Brought Viagra And Condoms 
Kayakers Make Spooky Discovery 
Potato Salad Kickstarter Has Raised HOW MUCH? 
REEFER MADNESS! Marijuana Shortage To Sober Washington 
Mars 'UFO' Controversy Ignited By Curiosity Rover Images 
Chile Releases Official Study on UFO Photos The government office investigating UFOs in Chile has released an analysis of two high quality photos showing what appear be genuine unidentified flying objects above a remote copper mine.
Meet Your 2014 Hot Dog HERO 
'Twas the Night Before the Hot Dog Contest... Twas the night before the hot dog contest, and in Coney Island, not a gurgitator was sleepin',\nBut dreaming of the morrow's Herculean eatin'.
Headbanging Leads To Brain Bleed (But Rock On Anyway) 
WATCH 
WATCH 
The 'Miracle' of July 4, 1826 One of the most astonishing coincidences in world history was the deaths of John Adams, America's second president, and Thomas Jefferson, its third.  They both died on July 4, 1826, exactly 50 years after the signing of the Declaration of Independence.
WATCH 
WATCH 
Woman Sets Home On Fire Trying To Kill Spider With Lighter 
Emotional Thief Cries When Crime Goes Wrong 
Ward Hall -- King of the Sideshow Ward Hall has the memory of an elephant, the exaggerative dialogue of a Ginsu Knife salesman and a sequined wardrobe that would have made Liberace turn his head.
Man Allegedly Tried To Hide Drugs In Steve Urkel's Favorite Instrument 
Whoops! Feds Mistake Singer For Drug Dealer 
WATCH 
Honest Abe Had An STD? 
CAUGHT ON TAPE 
Twin Putrid 'Corpse' Flowers Causing A Blooming Stink 
Boy Fakes Kidnapping To Get Out Of Dental Visit 
'Real-Life Goldilocks' Facing Burglary Charges 
Women Confess Their Hottest Sexting Secrets 
'Krumping Guy In A Dog Suit' Is (Still) Amazing 
AWWWW 
WATCH 
WATCH 
The One Item You Should Have In Your Bedroom If You Want More Sex 
This May Be The Most Disgusting Thing You'll See All Week (We Warned You) 
WATCH 
This Caddy Burns Wood To Burn Rubber 
Weird Gifts For A Weird Dad 
Nothing To See Here, Just An Old Man Walking A Bird 
Little Girl Saves Capsized Boat With Her Crazy Legs 
Badass Florida Man Protests X-mas Tree Inspection With AMERICA 
Man Lives In A Boeing 727 In The Woods Because He Can 
Bigfoot Unveiling Turns Into Huge Toe Job 
School Aide Fed Pet Treats To 75 Students, Claimed They Were Cookies 
Sex of the Wildlife Kind If you live near water, you may have heard the cornucopia of frogs calling; songbirds are waking you up in the morning with their melodies; woodpeckers drumming on trees, insects are making a racket day and night; and even alligators growling and displaying.
Know Why Adolf Hitler Was A Weird News Subject This Week? Take The Fark Weird News Quiz 
Marijuana Coffee Really Lets You 'Wake And Bake' 
WATCH 
Man Takes Action After Bear Takes Control Of His Hammock 
Accused Father And Son Urinal Thieves Flushed Out By Cops 
Know What This Guy Is Accused Of? Take The Fark Weird News Quiz 
Woman Threatens To 'Shoot Everyone' Over Stale Cinnabon 
Is Paranormal Research Pseudoscience? 
Artist Claims To Have Eaten Own Hip, Says It Tasted Like 'Wild Sheep' 
This Handwritten Note Might Be Worth $10,000 
Man Blames Indecent Exposure On Irritating 'Manzilian' 
KFC Worker Fired After Claiming To Put Pubic Hair In Order 
Brazen Purse Snatcher Smashes SUV Through Victim's Garage 
Woman Jailed After Blaming Speeding Tickets On Dead Husband 
Woman Finds Busty Jesus Inside Garden Gnome 
Lost Camera From 2012 Shipwreck Returned With Photos Intact 
Woman Getting Off Bus Knocked Out By Airborne Deer 
You Won't Believe Where This Key Got Stuck 
Kinki University To Change Its Name Because You KNOW Why 
This Is The Correct Way To Check In With Your Sheep Bro 
Guess How Many Bees Swarmed This Student's Car 
A Surprising Encounter At A Thrift Store I'm kind of cynical. So I figured I'd been had. The old man walked out with the antique lamp. And the clerk looked at me to pay for it. How did I end up in this mess? I guess it started with stress.
We're About To Learn A Lot More About Area 51 
WATCH 
Is This A UFO? 
Fisherman Makes Unbelievable Discovery 
'Freakshow' Star Can't Find A Roommate 
These \Americans\ Are Trying McDonalds For The First Time Ever 
WATCH 
You Just Can't Masturbate On A Crowded Bus These Days 
Captain America Sends Teen Photos Of His Penis 
\u2018Worst Mom In The World' Selfies 
Heavy Metal Lyrics Read As Poetry Is Pretty. Pretty Hardcore 
Accused Drunk Driver Hands Officer A Beer 
Rare Shark Accidentally Caught By Fisherman 
I Look Like Katy Perry, and it Sucks My friends now like to sneak in my name in karaoke with \I Kissed a Girl.\ If I protest, it becomes a big deal and draws attention. But the one time I went along with it, the DJ complimented my \impersonation.\
Florida Airline Pilot Spots UFO at Springsteen Concert 
WATCH 
Want To Get Shot Out Of A Cannon? Call Bello The Clown 
Homeowner Has To Pay Damages From Neighbor's Exploding Corpse 
Researches Make Incredible Discovery 
18 Preserved Prison Tattoos That Are Still Attached To Skin 
'My Little Pony' Voice Actress Never Thought She'd Be Partying With 'Bronies' 
Cycling Inspiration, Sturgis and Mustaches It all started at the tender age of three, when my estranged uncle Irving raised me to believe that attending the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally was the only way a boy could become a man.
WATCH 
What One Woman Did For A Better Selfie 
Disturbing Confessions of a Costume Hoarder My husband grabbed the neckline of his top, which was kind of simultaneously the waistline, too, and he pulled -- Hulk-like -- and ripped it down the middle. I felt my heart rip with it. He wadded it up and smashed it into the large trash bag that stood, brimming full, between us
Fisherman's Worst Nightmare Comes True 
Man Threw Eggs At Girlfriend During Easter Party 
Michigan Boy Finds 10,000-Year-Old Mastodon Tooth 
Who Wants To Go Catfishing? (VIDEO) 
10 Surprising History Facts That Will Warp Your Sense Of Time 
LEFT TO DIE 
Gulag-Themed Holidays Are All the Rage in Sunny Siberia The Siberian Times reports  that the latest travel fad is 'Gulag Tourism.' Gulags if you remember from 12th grade history, were Soviet-era forced labor camps. They were in existence from the 1930s until 1960.
This Cruise Ship From Hell Will Make You Wish You'd Gone on a Road Trip The Crown Princess's seven-day path of destruction culminates in Los Angeles this Saturday. Friends and loved ones of passengers aboard are advised to stock up on Pepto Bismol, toilet paper and wet wipes. Stay vigilant.
Tailgating Cabbie Dodges Bridge Toll 3,000 Times 
