Why Overeating Doesn't Make You Fat. If you take the right approach to ending your food addiction, your cravings will go away in just a day or so. The right approach
14 Habits Of People With A Healthy Relationship To Food. After a long list of rules and habits like the above, even the healthiest eaters might feel a little overwhelmed. The key
5 Things That Could Be Stealing Your Joy. Listen to yourself all day today -- are you an uplifting, inspiring, positive person to be around?  Or you point out what is wrong with everything? Are blaming, judging and criticizing your default patterns? Do you focus on people's weaknesses? If this is you -- STOP IT!
Moments Make a Life. Consciously constructing positive habits -- or a life, for that matter -- is a dance between noticing what's working now, imagining a brighter future, and taking tiny steps everyday, moment by moment, to move in the desired direction.
Fat Facts. Human fat cells, photo by Dr. Peeke Here's how much white fat a \normal-weight\ person would carry throughout a lifetime
How To Get Great Sleep The Night Before A Big Race. Prerace jitters are common for everyone, even marathon pros. After all, those months of training have finally paid off, and
This Woman Filmed 100 Days Of Pushups And The Results Will Inspire You. Estella Gong, who was self-conscious about her body and told by everyone that she was \scrawny\, is proof you can accomplish
Brain 'Stones' Found In Man With Celiac Disease. In this case, blood tests showed the patient had a mild iron deficiency, and further examination of his intestines confirmed
Often It's Not Always About What You Want. When you feel like things aren't going the way you want, remember that it may be more about what you need in this moment, not whether or not it's something you can have. You are always being supported, guided, and given exactly what you need.
What Would You Say to Cancer If You Only Had Five Words?. Why do I want to make people feel uncomfortable? Because the reality is that the topic of cancer is still taboo among the general public, and I want to change that.
The Surprising Thing Exercise Can Do For Your Brain. Then, he examined the brains of the runner rats and lazy rats and found that the runner rats had more mature neuron cells
Common Uterine Fibroid Surgery Can Spread Undetected Cancer, FDA Warns. The procedure reduces risk of infection, lowers post-surgical pain and enables quicker recovery compared with traditional
The Benioff Doctrine. Marc Benioff has a message for his rich tech friends
FDA Approves Drug For Ragweed Pollen Allergy. April 17 (Reuters) - The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has approved Merck & Co's pollen allergy drug Ragwitek. The tablet
'I Woke Up and I Could Walk'. The miracles of sleep are too numerous for the scope of this article, but there is plenty of undisputed evidence to show that healthy sleep improves our mood, our heart, our ability to eat healthy, to exercise, and perform at our best during the day at work or school. It is even linked to lower cancer rates. But can it take away what appears to be Parkinson's disease and make a little girl walk?
To Be or Not to Be Judgmental -- That Is the Question. We will need to remain aware of the status of our self-esteem as well as holding compassion for others and ourselves. We can then find our way out of the knots of hierarchy, honoring of our uniqueness and the uniqueness of others.
How to Balance Ambitious Career Goals With Your Love Life. To be clear
5 Simple Steps to End Any Fight. The more you communicate in this way with your partner, honestly and directly, yet with compassion, the closer and stronger your relationship will become.
Your Mind on Social Media. Ever post a status update on Facebook and feel distraught when no one \likes\ or comments on it? Does the prospect of being misunderstood on Twitter keep you from participating in the digital dialogue?
Mindfulness, Musicians and the Creative Flow. I had the pleasure of interviewing the lovely and unique Jenny Boyd, author of It's Not Only Rock'n'Roll
7 Reminders That Lessons Don't Always Exist Within Classroom Walls. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
5 Tips For A Stress-Free Marathon. Step 2
Badge of Honor. Bald should be celebrated, not hidden away in embarrassment. If you are bald from the effects of your courageous fight through cancer, embrace it! It is your badge of honor. You are beautiful!
Springtime Pairings to Enhance Your Day. A wet day pairs with creativity, a cold day comes with drive and productivity, and a warm day encourages reflection and growth, but any day can be paired with a bit of sun -- an opportunity to say thank you and feel joy.
How I Felt When Mommy Got Sick. When Jordan heard her mother, Sarah, talk about the need for there to be more information available for children whose parents are living with cancer, she decided to write her own story.
Traumatic Brain Injury Linked With Emotional Issues In Teens. The study included 4,685 public school students in 7th to 12th grade who took the Ontario Student Drug and Health Survey
High Altitude, Low Obesity?. In total, 98,009 service members were identified \u2014 the vast majority of whom were men \u2014 and followed for an average of 3.2
Finding Brown Fat In MRIs Is A Big Step For Obesity Research. A digitally-enhanced axial MRI of the upper chest (as if viewed from the feet). Areas of potential brown fat are shown in
Maryland Governor Signs Bill to License Naturopathic Doctors. To become licensed in Maryland, which is in step with all other states that license NDs and all the states seeking licensure
Mindfulness in Everyday Life. What does it mean to be happy? It is the most elusive of questions, and permeates much of our daily lives. While we toil away in our work and personal lives, we secretly pray for happiness. \I just want to be happy,\ so many people say. But do we even know what happiness is?
Childhood Bullying Still Has Effects 40 Years Later, Study Finds. In the first study of its kind to look at the effects of childhood bullying beyond early adulthood, the researchers said
How to Navigate Through Overwhelm. In an overwhelmed state, we veer off course of the destination that will fulfill us and support our authenticity. So how do you deal with overwhelm?
The Secret Addiction of Marathon Runners. A person might wonder why marathoners choose to spend their time in such misery. It's not the misery that we seek, but the glorious feeling of self-admiration that follows. The marathon reveals your strengths, your faults, and your valor.
Awaken to Your True Purpose. All the possessions in the world won't give you as much to live for as one ounce of purpose. This is why connecting with your inner motivations and greater life purpose is the greatest promotion you will ever obtain.
Of Salt, Saltation and Salience. The prevailing fashion in nutrition, if not all of health news, is contrarianism. Cutting back on salt was yesterday's news. If today's news were the same as yesterday's news, we might not be confused, and desperately in need of tomorrow's news to help sort it all out. We can't have that!
When $#*! Really Gets Real With Cancer. We had passed our jump run. I took it as a sign from God, and so while making the turn around, I asked Him a question
Misdiagnosis Is A Lot More Common Than You Might Think. 10 Medical Myths that Just Won't Go Away 14 Oddest Medical Cases 10 Do's and Don'ts to Reduce Your Risk of Cancer Copyright
A Year After Marathon Bombs, Boston Hospitals Apply Lessons Learned. Cautioning that the dancing leg is still in research and not yet a product, Herr said bionic limbs are far better than conventional
Om in the Time of Lent. I went on a yoga retreat during the Lenten season. and I reflected on finding solace in both practices. One can strengthen the other. Here are five parallelisms from a Catholic yogi.
Looking For A Little Focus? Staring At This Color Could Help. GPS Guides are our way of showing you what has relieved others' stress in the hopes that you will be able to identify solutions
DIY Organic Baby Food. Here are a few of my favorites! Or, if you have a food mill, even better! It's one of the best tools around for making baby
Pill Developed To Fight Measles Passes Key Test In Animals. In a conference call with reporters, Plemper acknowledged that the availability of a measles pill could encourage more parents
19 Ideas For A Healthier Easter Basket. The Easter Bunny is the bearer of all things sweet, delicious and right with the world. But this holiday doesn't have to
Your Brain May Start Slowing Down As Young As Age 24. That's according to a new study that says cognitive-motor skills begin to decline at a relatively early age. The wheels in
New Kind Of Trial Allows Testing Of 14 Cancer Drugs At Once. Mace Rothenberg, senior vice president at Pfizer Oncology, said
How Food Texture Influences Our Perception Of Calories. Everyone knows that crunchy carrot sticks are a less-caloric choice than, say, mashed potatoes loaded with cream and butter
To the Mother of My Patient. Because of you, I am beginning again to believe in miracles. Because in the depth of despair over losing your beloved son you took me into your arms and guided me back onto a track where love is real, positive thinking is a choice that saves us, and miracles do happen.
Falling Works Just Fine. You might be asking, \How do I get from here to there?\ If so you are too late It is already happening without you. So you
Leeches Aid In Reattaching Woman's Ear After Dog Attack. The artery brought fresh blood to the woman's reattached ear, but the surgical team couldn't find a vein to drain blood back
Diabetes-Related Problems Have Decreased Over Last 20 Years. Rates of certain serious, diabetes-related health problems have decreased substantially in the last two decades, according
Herbal Supplements Are The Most Commonly Used Type Of Complementary Medicine In The US. In 2012, nearly 18 percent of American adults said they took herbs or other supplements that were not vitamins and minerals
What Personality Might Have To Do With Drug Abuse Risk. One reason for this may be that people with more positive emotions and who are extroverted are more sensitive to all kinds
Arianna Discusses 'Thrive' With Amy Chua (VIDEO). Strive Meets Thrive
Why Doing the Things You Don't Want to Do Will Make You a Better Person. Since I know I've triggered your brain to think about that one thing you really don't want to do (you're welcome), I want to share with you how I successfully crossed my most recent dilemma off of my to-do list without pulling my hair out.
Problems Or Challenges. This is how I choose to see the bumps in life. Challenges are golden opportunities to uncover other layers of the self, shedding light on those areas that need healing. They take us to a higher level of our existence, allowing us to raise our consciousness and seek balance, remaining centered in the face of adversity.
Ask Healthy Living. Folk wisdom would have us believe the answer is a hearty yes -- and send us all to the bedroom to shed those gym clothes
Through the Winter, 5 More Things I Have Learned From Downsizing Our Lives. 2] It's Coooolllllldddd- So I idealized being a worker among workers and taking the Metro every day as we downsized to one
Meditation Simplified. \But how do you start meditating?\ Like riding a bike, you're not going to get it on the first go. You need training wheels and then someone holding the seat while you wobble down the street.
Why You Should Run The Boston Marathon (Plus 4 Other Races To Put On Your Bucket List). I ran Boston in 2012, a year of record heat. The spectators really were fantastic in helping to beat the temperatures in
Lab-Grown Esophagus Could Aid Cancer Patients. Although this technique for building an esophagus seems to work in rats, there is still a long way to go before it could
If You Don't Want Her to Be a Nag, Treat Her Like a Thoroughbred. Deep, compassionate, committed listening is what breaks the dark spell. Out of the emotional connection, understanding, a newfound cooperation, more trust, peace of mind, and ease is present in the relationship and in your life in general.
Should We Get Tax Deductions For Exercise?. April marks another tax season when millions of Americans will deduct expenses related to home ownership, children and education
Arianna Talks To Charlie Rose About Why Your Job Shouldn't Define You. She described the moment when she began to question the pace of her own life
The 'Fat But Fit' Fallacy. We all like to eat.  Most of us want to eat well; at least we try to be good some of the time.  We all know that how and what we eat directly impact our health and well-being.  Yet few subjects are more prone to confusion and distortion than diet and nutrition.
Diabetes On The Rise As Obesity Rates Climb. \Diabetes and obesity trends (called \Diabesity\ by Mark Hyman, MD) upwards over the last several decades have paralleled
What Is Growing in Your Mind Garden?. \So plastic is mind, so receptive, that the slightest thought makes an impression upon it. People who think many kinds of
Brain Tumor Risk Higher For Teens Who Stop Growing Later. People who stopped growing at age 19 or older had nearly twice the risk of glioma as those who stopped growing at age 15
Ohio Mumps Outbreak Rises To 212 Cases. The cases have been reported in Franklin and Delaware counties. April 15 (Reuters) - The number of cases of mumps in central
How To Be Happier At Work. Happiness might be a state of mind. But it\u2019s hard won in a cubicle -- or any job where you feel unappreciated, spread too
Cross It Off the List. We know we're not going to get everything done today that we would like to get done. So rather than walking around feeling bad about all the stuff we know we're not going to get to, let's do some strategic thinking about \the list\ itself.
Training Your Proprioception. If you wish to challenge your balance with the simplicity of your own body weight and the ground, do the program below, all of which are performed in yoga classes.
Introducing Blue. On the morning of January 1, 1987, I started to see cobalt blue oval circles of light. Everywhere. I see those disks to this
Sequins and Snow Boots. Many go from one diet center to another, or read diet book after diet book, looking for the easy, shed pounds quickly approach. They just want to live in the sequins and have someone else put on the snow boots and do the hard work for them. While it sounds easy, and may work short-term, the only way to true weight management is to put on your snow boots and stomp on the obstacles.
Sugary Drinks May Increase Stroke Risk. Previous studies have shown that consumption of sugary beverages increases the risk of Type 2 diabetes and heart disease
8 Steps to Exodus From Your Bondage. If you feel immobilized, stuck, captive or feel you do not control your life, it doesn't have to be that way. You can live both free and freely. It just requires reframing your beliefs to release the shackles that bind you. Since Passover lasts for eight days, here are eight steps to exodus from your bondage using Passover as an acronym.
Who Are You. As soon as someone says, \So, tell me more about you,\ I find myself giving a long dissertation about my job. But, it's time to honor who we really are in this world. Be brave and bold and honest about the person you are deep down inside.
Don't Saw the Sawdust. Worrying about yesterday is about as productive as sawing the sawdust. You can't go back and change anything that you did yesterday. For that matter, you can't even change what you did two minutes ago!
Chronic Pain. Ostensibly, our son is a normal teenager. But beneath his mischievous grin, charm and almost disarming good looks, he hides a debilitating and constant burning in his left foot which caused him to miss all of middle school and the first two years of high school.
5 Ways to Go Out of Your Mind and Get Happy. By being mindful, you can witness the madness of your mind without identifying with or becoming it; you see that who you are is more than just your thoughts and feelings.
The Legacy of Spring Cleaning. \I ask myself, 'How will they know the junk from the stuff with meaning? What might they conclude about their mother who
Trust Your Heart. Granted, there are people who are leaders in their respective fields who can offer expert advice; however, when it comes to what is right for you, your heart has the answer -- if you simply quiet your mind long enough to hear it.
What France Can Teach The Rest Of The World About Living Well. Turns out the French haven't banned email after 6 p.m. after all, as American media rushed to report last week. Turns out
The Art of Easing Up. The act of letting go could feel like defeat, resignation or even passivity, but it could also be construed as a powerful declaration of trust -- trust that the universe knows what it's doing.
Finding a Meditation Teacher. Mindfulness meditation is a life-changing practice that everyone should have access to. While you can learn the basics on your own, in the long run, having a teacher is extremely helpful.
11 Spontaneous Doodles To Inspire Your Next Creative Endeavor. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
One Year After. On April 15, 2013, I woke up at 5:30 a.m. and walked to Mass General Hospital to begin my ER shift. It was the day of Boston marathon, and we were prepared for the usual influx of people with heatstroke and dehydration. Just before 3 p.m., we received the call that nobody could have predicted.
There Goes the Hair. But how could I have known that in fact my head is well-shaped, not too big, not too small, no distracting lumps or bumps, scars or curious protuberances. How could I have known how delightful the buzz was to touch?
7 Worrisome Facts About Caffeine. By Melaina Juntti for Men's Journal Caffeine makes us act like lab rats. \With caffeine -- coffee and tea especially -- people
FDA Approves Grass Pollen Allergy Drug. The company, which developed the tablet with Denmark's ALK Abello, said it expects to launch the drug, approved for patients
9 Little Reminders To Take Advantage Of A Changing Season. As if we weren't excited enough for spring, the nine little reminders below show us that the changing season doesn't just
What I Would Do If My Foot Caught Fire. If my foot caught fire, I would just go ahead and fetch a pail of water. Soldiering past the want of randomized clinical trials on the topic, and weirdly wonderful fad approaches would test me sorely, but I think I could deal with it.
The Wonders of the Olive Tree. The Mediterranean cultures have been using olive oil in their diet since antiquity and olive oil has been traded throughout time.
Why Your Crash Diet Won't Work. From Paleo to the juice craze, the constant rotation of fad diets in America tells us two things about the way we interact
Study Finds Tamiflu Not As Effective As Thought. Researchers say the popular antiviral flu drugs Tamiflu and Relenza are not as effective as doctors and public health experts
What Dreams May Come, or Feelin' Drowsy. This winter, I developed an odd napping habit. As I described to my doctor, this new habit is different from my lifelong affection for the pleasures of plush pillows, soft blankets and high thread-count Egyptian cotton sheets (preferably Italian, if we're sharing pillow talk).
Yoga Is Bigger Than Pants. Because, I don't want to just walk in with my words. I want to walk in with yours. So, here's what I'm asking. Send an email
5 Tips for a Successful Family 'Racecation'. First and foremost, it's a family vacation. So, you'll want to make sure you plan enough fun things to keep your entire family entertained and happy during the trip. You may be worried about the race, but the rest of your family shouldn't be.
Use the Four Rs to Spring a New You This Season. Let's be honest. Most people know there are mental and physical benefits to increasing their activity level. The hard part is getting started, or remaining with a program. The four Rs can provide the structure needed for you or a loved one.
Are You A New Runner? Experts Suggest Taking It Slow. Running takes time, so he suggests taking it slow, keeping a log, and seeing how it goes. \If you're just starting out, focus
Photo Essay. 
The Old Definition of Success Will Never Make You Truly Happy at Work. We are all guilty of comparing our lives to others'. It probably started in pre-historic times with who had the best cave painting. When I was a kid growing up in the U.S., it was called \keeping up with the Joneses,\ whoever they were.
Balancing Your Dual Energies for Greater Happiness. By now, most of us have heard of The Secret, a movie and book that came out about a decade or so ago discussing the law of
Grease Is Good? Not So Fast!. The study was a meta-analysis. That is, it combined the results of several prior research studies. Some had shown marked dangers of saturated fat, while others did not, and they were all blended together in a statistical stew. The weak studies tend to dilute the stronger ones, masking real dangers.
Fiber's Colon Cancer-Fighting Effects May Depend On Gut Bacteria. What about people? But these studies did not include information about gut bacteria, and it's possible that differences in
The Two Things That Bother Stressed-Out Workers The Most. \Work occupies a large portion of our lives, so keeping workplace stress in check is an absolute necessity in maintaining
Genetic Marker Could Raise Breast Cancer Risk In Obese Women. The new study involved about 1,300 white women and 1,300 black women living in New York and New Jersey. About half of the
Quit Attempts. Recent international research suggests for some smokers, just trying to quit again, without recovering from a failed attempt, contributes to what they call \cessation fatigue.\ According to this research, there is a generalized capacity to quit, but that capacity needs to regenerate between tries.
Why Can Love Be So Painful? 6 Ways to Heal and Move On. Find your courage and love, fully and completely. Trust and live in your heart. Love takes you from the head to the heart and nurtures, comforts and heals you. Learn from each experience, watch the ego and choose love.
For Some ICU Patients, Depression Could Manifest With Physical Symptoms. The findings of the study, published in the journal The Lancet Respiratory Medicine, included 821 patients who were admitted
The Quick-Service Restaurants' Healthy Food War. Do any of the chains have a head start? Who's winning the PR and marketing battle for the healthy hearts, minds, and appetites
5 Poses Fit for a Supermodel. Victoria's Secret model Miranda Kerr is the kind of woman who turns heads the second she walks into a room. But the 30-year-old's beauty is more than skin deep, according to her yoga instructor of the past 10 years, Charlotte Dodson. \Miranda is a truly beautiful and happy soul,\ she says.
In the Interior. For more poetry for the soul, click here. When you let me in your life, all the way in, we took this walk that turned into
The Great Instagram Outage Of 2014, Explained. Now that it's over, and we can look back on the Great Instagram Outage of 2014 and laugh, here's a glimpse at some of this
Thinking Of A Happy Place Might Help Reduce Pain. They examined 76 patients who used visualization techniques and 71 patients who received conventional care. The procedure
5 Ways To Work Out Like A World-Champion Surfer -- No Ocean Necessary. 4. Cable Reverse Wood Chop Strengthen legs, core and shoulders while improving your flexibility. That's why world-champion
5 Smart Reasons To Eat Eggs. While eggs have gotten a bad reputation for a long time due to cholesterol fears, evidence in the British Medical Journal
Neuroscientist Miguel Nicolelis Explains How A Human Soul Can Be Measured. Nicolelis explained that the brain creates endless opportunities to measure how a person reacts to a certain situations, and
How to Avoid Caregiver Burn Out. Self care is non-negotiable. Unchecked, the stress of caregiving will eat at your relationships, hamper your work outside the home, and make you sick. The person you're caring for deserves better -- and so do you.
Here's What Happens In Your Body When You Yawn (At Least In Theory). Researchers have found that yawning has a cooling effect on the brain, preventing it from getting overheated, which can diminish
Scientists May Have Figured Out Why We Get The Sniffles. While runny nose is a common symptom of allergies, about a quarter of cases of nasal inflammation have nothing to do with
Diners At La Fontana Restaurant In Suburban NY May Have Been Exposed To Hepatitis A. There was no indication on Saturday that any diners had yet developed the disease. People who ate at or who were working
Create Miracles Now. My friend Gabrielle Bernstein's new book, Miracles Now, has had me stop and think more deeply about my own relationship to
Is Your Life in Balance? 6 Ways to Find Out. Maintaining balance in your life enables you to be more fit, have better overall health and embrace a better attitude toward life. Balance helps us feel more peaceful and at home in just about any situation.
How To Sleep Better On A Plane. Save frequent flyer miles for long-haul international flights that have lie-flat seats in first or business class. Carriers
I'm Allergic... What Should I Eat, Then?. For those of us who find pleasure in eating, it seems like a daunting task to have to avoid a food that we've enjoyed in the past. However, many of my patients feel so much better health-  and energy-wise after eliminating the food allergen that they feel it is a worthwhile trade.
5 Ways to Eat More Vegetables, the Greek Way. While we know that the traditional Greek diet decades ago was mostly vegetarian due to the religious fasts, but also to economic reasons, today Greeks have moved away from their traditional diet, eating a more Westernized diet, but surprisingly still consume plenty of vegetables.
Is It Okay to Be Content?. Being content is a great thing, however, I've also observed it can be an avoidance technique. There's a difference between not wanting anything because you're content and not wanting anything because you don't think you can have it.
10 Totally Free Ways To Burn Calories That Don't Feel Like Working Out. So you don't exactly have the bank account to swing surfing lessons or a snowboarding trip, but you still want to move more
3 Steps to Manage Stress Like a Boss. It's no secret we're more stressed out than ever. The good news is stress and anxiety are highly manageable. Make the following three steps part of your daily wellness tool kit to start feeling better tomorrow.
3 Meditations You Can Do at Your Desk to Reduce Stress and Boost Productivity. I'm going to share with you three very quick meditations you can do right at your desk, at any point, throughout the day when you're feeling stressed or just need to power up your productivity.
6 Things Shy People Can Teach Us About Success. And yes, shyness has been associated with negative outcomes -- characteristics like difficulty maintaining eye contact, feelings
The 5 Worst Stretching Mistakes You're Probably Making. By Linda Melone 2. You're in the wrong position. If you don't feel the stretch where you're expecting to feel it, you may
Consider This Your Reminder To Wash Your Cutting Boards After Preparing Poultry. None of the cutting boards used to handle non-poultry meats tested positive for ESBL-producing E. coli, but 6.5 percent of
What Grounds You?. In the last decade, there has been a huge push for the use of meditation and how \connecting with oneself\ can bring a sense of calm to a person's life. It can help to stabilize the mind and \leave oneself\ for a place of serenity and gratitude.
These Countries Are So Much Better Than America When It Comes To Work-Life Balance. In France, that concern is being taking seriously. French citizens have enjoyed a 35-hour work week since 1999, but with
Looking Deeply Into Your Plate. Eating can take on many different forms, depending on how much attention is paid and where that attention is placed. Through the practice of mindful eating, we strive to avoid these types of autopilot mealtime scenarios by reserving a time to focus only on our food.
Sleep for Success. What you may not realize is that your child is not lazy at all. In most cases your teen is just not getting enough sleep. Now, schools across America are recognizing this and starting to take action accordingly.
Scientists Create 3D-Printed Cancer Tumors. In general, cancer studies involve cancer cells grown in the lab, which help scientists better understand the behavior of
How Yoga Helped Me Transcend Sexual Violence. The energy in that room is nothing short of magic. It is a beautiful process to be a part of and I am humbled.
Exercise Could Keep COPD Patients Out Of The Hospital. Staying active could help keep chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) patients out of the hospital, a new study suggests
Big Soda Misinforms California's Senators. Daily consumption of sugary drinks increases a persons risk for diabetes by 26 percent ... A warning label has been shown
5 Not-So-Obvious Challenges for a Young Stroke Survivor. In most cases, being a survivor is better than being a victim, but arguably, not in this case. The immense pain and unrelenting heartache of a stroke lies in its aftermath, not in the injury itself. One goes through so many unbelievable challenges, large and small, as a result of having a stroke.
The Gravity of Misinformation. The recent concentration of misleading media hooey about health has been excruciating, but the problem is perennial. I trust I needn't make the case that you are under constant assault by distorted, contorted, titillating, and insipid headlines.
Knowing Alcohol Brand References In Songs Linked With Teen Alcohol Consumption. \But every song's like gold teeth, ______ ______, trippin' in the bathroom.\ The Distilled Spirits Council released a statement
Depression May Raise Heart Failure Risk. \Depressive symptoms increase the chance of developing heart failure and the more severe the symptoms are, the greater the
Move Over Life. We humans are an ambitious bunch of people. We want to accomplish all sorts of things in our short time on earth. We want
Understanding Habits Helps You Change Them. Alcohol abuse is often treated like a completely different (and shameful) habit to change than others. And there are indeed
Digging the Dancing King. Who doesn't want to be that guy? As a side note, the researchers also found that men watch men dance, too, because they want
Arianna Touts The Value Of Sleep. Arianna Huffington spoke at the Boston Chamber of Commerce CEO breakfast Thursday morning at the Fairmont Copley Hotel about
Now You Can 'Run' The London Marathon From Your Own Treadmill, Thanks To Virtual Reality. It is Sunday's race, however, that is at the forefront as the presence of Britain's leading athlete and marathon debutant
How Being Humble, Kind And Calm Will Make Your Life Easier. You've heard it all your life
Celebrate The Upcoming Weekend With These Friday Tunes. Weekend -- Neon Trees Friday I'm In Love -- The Cure Friday -- Rascal Flatts Friday Night -- Eric Paslay Friday On My Mind
Could Your FOMO Kill You?. Even more worrisome is that the condition might be putting FOMO sufferers at serious risk, because those high in FOMO are
I Can't Even Die of Cancer Right. I'm out of the darkest part of the woods, sure.  But society is making it particularly difficult to forget what happened to me.  It's moving on beyond me and trying hard to lose me in its wake.  I, like other young adult survivors, feel lost, alone, and confused.
GPS for the Brain. The idea that all the richness of experience, of learning, loving and being could be reduced to patterns of neural firing was more than unintuitive to me, it was downright appalling.
What Are You Projecting Onto the Movie Screen of Your Mind?. The chair you are sitting on, the bed that you slept on -- all vibration. The very being that you are is always vibrating
The Week Is Over. The amazing thing about awareness weeks is that warm and fuzzy feeling grows inside us over the course of the week, the power of community pulsing through our veins, the battle cries ringing in our ears, \You are not alone!\ It's a beautiful thing. But only if we keep it going.
An Easy Way to Save Your Life. You'll forget what you accomplished, what made you double over with laughter, and what mistakes threatened to derail everything -- only to teach you so much you'll eventually attribute much of your happiness to them.
Illinois Man With Infectious TB Must Stay Home Alone, Judge Says. However, when a team of health officials arrived at his apartment in Champaign, about 140 miles (225 km) south of Chicago
Pass the Chicken Fat! They Say It's Good for You.... Let's have a helping of common sense along with the pats of butter and dollops of whipped cream. It will go a longer way in keeping us healthy.
More Evidence That Sleep Helps Strengthen Memory. The researchers found that when the rats were exposed to the odor during the slow-wave sleep, their memory of that odor was
I Found My Story in Me. Today, because of all the support I've been given and all the love that I feel flowing through me, I was able to do something
10 Animals Who Remind Us To Stop And Smell The Roses. For more GPS Guides, click here. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and
D.O.A. (Death of Auto-Meal). I know what you're thinking. No, not the part about how favorable my budding rap career is. The other part. The part about
The Gluten-Free Challenge -- Are You With Me?. In his New York Times bestseller, Davis documents patients who, after giving up wheat, lose 20 to 50 pounds in the first
Living in the Moment. All of the stress and disappointment I had felt earlier that day was now so small and seemed so far away. Those were just things that happened. But this was living... just my boy and me and that perfect moment in time.
Be Who You Are and Stand Above the Crowd. My challenge to you is
5 Things You Will Discover on the Other Side of Your Fears. When we feel afraid, our primary human instinct is to run from the source of our fear. But fear is such a powerful emotion, and it is not easily shunned.
$84,000 For A 12-Week Treatment? Pharma Trade Group Defends Hepatitis Drug Cost. As many as 150 million people worldwide, including about 3.2 million in the United States, have hepatitis C, which is caused
Health Officials Take Tuberculosis Patient To Court Over Alleged Failed Self-Quarantine. Tuberculosis is spread through the air, and while most forms are curable, it can be fatal if left untreated, according to
More Than 100 Passengers Sick On California Cruise. Outbreaks of Norovirus have been reported by nearly a dozen cruise lines sailing from U.S. ports in recent years, including
The 2 Things I Stopped Saying. Our society loves success, but even more we love failure. Infrequently do we admire, or even talk about, what happens in between.
Irregular Periods Linked With Higher Risk Of Dying From Ovarian Cancer. Follow Rachael Rettner @RachaelRettner. Follow Live Science @livescience, Facebook & Google+. Original article on Live Science
Lab-Grown Vaginal Organs Successfully Implanted Into 4 Teens. \This pilot study is the first to demonstrate that vaginal organs can be constructed in the lab and used successfully in
High-Fat Diet Increases Breast Cancer Risk, Study Finds. Although the study indicates that as more saturated fat is consumed, the risk of breast cancer steadily rises, Hirshfield
Anger Causes Violence. Mentally ill people aren\u2019t killers. Angry people are. Read more on www.slate.com
How You Can 'Grow' Your Mental Health. Creating a vision of what psychological health looks like in today's world is a challenge.
I Contracted a Flesh-Eating Bacteria and Lived to Tell. I had 11 surgeries. It's been almost 10 months now. I still don't know how to run, and things still hurt. I still have a ways to go. My physical therapist told me to stop thinking about my rehab in days and weeks and start thinking about it in seasons.
How Transcendental Meditation Helped Me Through a Traumatic Experience. I thought my life was going to end in that machine. It was claustrophobic and stressful and nobody and nothing was there
Ending Stigma by All Memes Necessary. Anti-stigma have trouble breaking through to the mainstream; their well-meaning discourse often comes across as preachy). Don't depressed people deserve as much? They are normal people who have a sense of humor who don't want to be treated like children.
Here's Scientific Proof That Life Gets Better As You Get Older. \Beliefs about aging are important,\ the researchers write. \If younger adults mispredict old age as miserable, they may
When Life Hands You a Drug Den, Create a Coaching Opportunity. Me
Pretty Much Everyone Experiences Unwanted Thoughts From Time To Time, Study Finds. The study, published in the Journal of Obsessive-Compulsive and Related Disorders, includes data from 777 university students
Hepatitis C Treatment Cures Up To 90%. About 170 million people are believed to be infected with hepatitis C worldwide. If left untreated the disease can lead to
Obese People Don't Have Enough Of This Special Kind Of Fat. Why?. Researchers compared the blood vessels and the fat cells of both the normal chow mice (NC) and the high-fat, high-sugar mice
Dare to Be 100. We geriatricians are eager to find ways to make health pay. It surely is better to be healthy than ill. This is a choice that our society must make. We geriatricians are here to help in that choice.
When The French Clock Off At 6pm, They Really Mean It. Just in case you weren't jealous enough of the French already, what with their effortless style, lovely accents and collective
How Long Does It Actually Take to Form a New Habit? (Backed by Science). It makes sense why the \21 Days\ myth would spread. It's easy to understand. The time frame is short enough to be inspiring, but long enough to be believable. And who wouldn't like the idea of changing your life in just three weeks?
5 Steps for Harnessing the Power of Feeling Good Now. If you can understand the power of feeling good right now, and not wait until you've lost the weight, found the guy or girl, or got the job, you hold the key to always being able to feel fulfilled, satisfied and joyful.
Coffee Linked With Lower Liver Cancer Risk. The study included 179,890 men and women of varying races, including Japanese Americans, African Americans, Latinos, Native
3 Fat-Blasting HIIT Workouts To Try Now. Efficiency is the name of the game when it comes to high-intensity interval training, better known as HIIT. The training
Blood Test Could Improve Prostate Cancer Screening. PSA is a protein in the blood that is sometimes increased in men with prostate cancer.Although the PSA test has been used
Finding Hope and Help in Tragedy. Whenever a person with a mental disorder (or assumed to have a mental disorder), veteran or civilian, commits a violent act that makes headlines, there is a call to address the \mental health issue\ in violent crimes. However, what is meant by the \mental health issue\ is generally unclear. The fact is that killings and overall violence are extremely rare by people with serious mental illness.
LOOK. The findings could change how we think about the spread of infectious particles, researchers noted. A new study in the Journal
Everything Doesn't Happen for a Reason. I no longer believe in karma. I've seen too much. I don't like the expression \everything happens for a reason.\ Try telling that to someone who has lost a child or a spouse or a friend.
The Fragmentation Monster Under My Bed. One of the biggest challenges we face in the field of young adult cancer is a lack of evidence. As a researcher in the young adult cancer arena, this makes me feel like I'm chasing my tail. So today I am grateful for National Young Adult Cancer Awareness Week.
How Online Gaming Could Help Neuroscientists Research Most Troubling Brain Disorders. \We're seeking people with all kinds of problems -- or are completely normal -- to build this database,\ Weiner told the
WHO Calls For 'Concerted Effort' To Bring Down Hepatitis C Drug Costs. J&J has also promised to work on access and others entering the area - such as AbbVie, Bristol-Myers Squibb and Merck & Co
Fruits and Vegetables. Fruits and vegetables' vibrant colors tell the story of their \super powers.\ You see, it's their \phytonutrients,\ or plant nutrients, that help us fight disease and stay stronger for longer.
Why Being Neurotic Could Actually Be A Good Thing. \The healthy neurotic individuals somehow find a way to channel that anxiety they have to motivate them to do good work,\ Turiano
10 Reasons to Take a Random Day Off Work. The world is OK if we take a few hours to ourselves to relax and revive a little. I start the weekend relaxed, organized and in a splendid mood. Do you need any more reasons?
What Weight Has To Do With Colorectal Cancer Survival. After a median follow-up period of 5.3 years, researchers found a relationship between patients' pre-diagnosis weights and
What I've Learned by Being a Vegetarian and Having Tattoos. Being different has taught me to be less judgmental. Vegetarians and tattooed peeps may be the norm for you, and it ain't no big thing.  You might still think differently about people because of these two things, that they are different than you.  Those are just aspects of the person.
Embracing Awkward. Despite the paranoia, emotion and disorientation, all the good stuff and lessons learned are slowly but surely inching their way into my consciousness. I feel more lighthearted. I feel more present and loving. I enjoy my time with others and myself on an entirely new level.
Pop Quiz. Can you tell the difference between these two examples? So, the other day, when I was trying to tell you about the fight
A Diamond in the Dust. If you look hard enough and stay focused you will find diamonds in the dust. You may need to clear out the debris to find the brilliance. And you should never lose your sparkle.
Arianna Talks Burnout, Wellbeing And Sleep At Harvard. Check out the slideshow below for highlights from Arianna's Thrive event at the Harvard School of Public Health
Smoking And Drinking Could Impact Balance. These researchers said they had no financial or other conflicts of interest that would affect this study\u2019s design, analysis
Are You Programmed To Enjoy Exercise?. It\u2019s possible that some of us are born not to run. According to an eye-opening new genetics study of lab rats, published
NSAIDs Linked To Atrial Fibrillation. The average age of the participants at the start of the study was 68 years old, and none of them had symptoms of atrial fibrillation
You Can't Outrun Your Fork. We need to disprove the myths that are still perpetuated by companies, which state that sedentary lifestyles are the main cause of our weight issues. We need to realize that what we put on our plates, or in our bowls and cups, has the greatest impact on our weight management.
Nicolas Ronco, Veteran Midday Napper, Shares His Tips For Your Best Nap Ever. Ideally, a midday nap should take place in the darkest, quietest place you can find. Barring that, Ronco suggests putting
Lyme Disease Threat in Surprising Places. If you are living in Connecticut, upstate New York, or Long Island you may very well be aware of Lyme disease, from friends and family who have had Lyme or even news reports. But what if you live in California, the Midwest or Canada? While Lyme might be less well known in these areas, it is an emerging, documented threat.
Worried About Not Making It in Life? 5 Reasons to Relax and Think Twice. Have we finally made it? The answer to this question is very much dependent on our personal standpoint; however, we have a tendency to consider ourselves successful only if we measure up to general standards of success -- and it can be quite frustrating when we feel left behind.
3 Reasons to Do Advance Care Planning on National Health Care Decisions Day. While at face value these issues may seem hard to talk about, once you get started, you'll likely find yourself engaged in an intimate conversation with people you really care about, something precious in of itself that is not too common in today's world.
5 Key Health Insights Your Urine Can Offer. Dehydration can also cause kidney stones, because it allows for stone-causing minerals to concentrate and settle in the kidneys and urinary tract. One of the best measures you can take to avoid kidney stones is to drink plenty of water, resulting in passing lots of clear urine.
How to Overcome These 7 Spiritual Blocks to Success. Everybody has a dream in their heart.  They stem from our unique gifts, which are part of our higher purpose here on this earth to share with the world. When the life we're living is not in alignment with this calling, it can result in feeling less than happy and fulfilled.
Arianna Huffington Calls Upon Us to Turn Inward for Wisdom and Wonder. Too many people in our culture are wearing their long hours at work as badges of honor, believing that climbing the corporate ladder will lead to fulfillment and that what they produce is the measure of who they are.
Facing Our Mortality. Some may think of the afterlife as some sort of sci-fi movie reel, some align with religious promises of heaven, and some
Are You Drinking Drugs?. Because the pharmaceuticals register in such small amounts -- measured in parts per billion, in some cases -- health officials aren't worried about the risk to humans. But some are concerned about their effect on plants and wildlife, especially fish.
Why Don't We Talk Anymore?. Worse than that, I can't tell you how many men friends have told me about the \disconnect\ between them and women once they
Falling in Love. I believe we have it quite backwards and maybe even upside down and inside out. We must first apply the \L\ word to ourselves. Then, it blossoms into something quite remarkable and supremely enriching.
Humbled. When we can finally come to accept our rightful place in the nature of things, we see that we are neither absolutely divine nor absolutely evil, but somewhere in between. And since that means we don't have to be perfect that's not necessarily a bad place to be.
8 Relaxing Activities For When You Just Need To Clear Your Mind. For more GPS Guides, click here. If you had a completely free hour to do anything you wanted -- with no limits -- how would
Severe Obesity? Let 'Em Eat Kale!. We need to reorient our cultural attitude about obesity so it is not an excuse to argue the respective merits of personal responsibility and public policy. Rather, if we are to fix it at its origins, we need to acknowledge that people who are empowered are most capable, and most inclined, to exercise responsibility.
Increase Productivity With a 5-Minute Change. Needless to say, everyone was a little skeptical of the idea of disconnecting, including me.  However, through the session they proved the point that how we start our day is how we are going to live our day.
You Are Not Broken. You are not broken. No matter what he says to you. You are whole. You are strong. Hold on. Even if it feels like no one is
Lights Go on, Part XV -- Serendipity. Turns out that he had come to Lindi years ago with a philosophy that she helped him shape it into a book and, eventually
Words Matter (If You Want People to Listen!). Words like \addict,\ \abuser\ and \alcoholic\ are widely used indiscriminately to describe people who struggle with substance use issues and are laden with negative connotations for much of the culture. As a psychologist who treats substance use disorders I usually discourage my clients and their families from using these words to describe themselves or their loved one.
Board Your Own Ship. Here's the secret ingredient for becoming a fully formed human being
United We Stand. As a young adult cancer patient, you are always the odd man out, whether you are being treated in a center that focuses on pediatric patients or adult patients. But when a group is united, research can be done, solutions can be found, and strides can be made.
Viagra May Increase Risk For Melanoma, Study Says. Researchers said it\u2019s still too early to alter prescriptions of the blue pill, but they urged increased investigation into
Hitting the Reset Button. I also thought about my \Ask\ to the universe, which I use every time I fly (and I used to fly a lot for business, which
45 Insanely Effective TRX Exercises. It's time to ditch the dumbbells, kick the kettlebells and forget about those weight-training machines. OK, maybe not permanently
The Best Arm Machines At The Gym. I've always been a runner and, more often than not, I find myself hitting the gym for some quick-and-easy treadmill time
8 Ways to Think Like an Athlete. Here's the thing about athletes. They think about their bodies differently than the average gymgoer. They work out, get motivated and define goals -- all differently. And their way is highly effective. You don't need a sponsorship or superior genes to adopt this mind-set and achieve the body results you want.
Don't Shoot the Second Arrow!. Apparently, the Buddhists say that any time we suffer misfortune, two arrows fly our way. The first arrow is the actual bad event, which can can, indeed, cause pain. The second arrow is\u00a0the suffering. That's actually optional. The second arrow represents\u00a0our reaction to the bad event.
Accomplish Everything and More! 3 Easy Steps to Find More Time in Your Day. Try downloading apps if you need help staying organized and on track. IQTELL, Things and Evernote are great. GoalSponsors
Why I Used a Sticker Chart to Motivate My Mom to Move. There's this hopeful part of me that imagines her embracing her new exercise routine, doing more and more laps each day, getting so strong that she's even able to cast her walker aside in favor of a cane.
Do You Want to Be a World Changer?. Everyone seems to think that for change to occur, it has to be something outside of us that needs to happen. That only someone greater than yourself can really make a huge difference in the world.
Hacking Your Genome. I always feel obliged to ask my patients to consider carefully what they might be getting themselves and their families into before they have any genetic testing or sequencing done that is not anonymous.
Coming Soon to a Neighborhood Near You. I've watched with worried vigilance for the past 15 years the growth in the use by adults of these potentially powerful and addictive drugs.  Sadly, I believe only after stimulant abuse causes the deaths of enough young adults will we address this growing public health menace.
Taking Care of Mom at 30. Like most, I moved to L.A. to reinvent myself. Except in my case, I was moving home. I loved my 10 years in the Northeast. I had made a real life there. I even came close to starting a family there. But part of me felt as if I had failed to thrive.
When the Wicked Stepmother Fran Drescher Tells You to Get to Work, Better Listen. \u2022 Discuss preventing women's cancers (and all cancers of course) with your physicians. With reforms in the Affordable Care
Get Rid of Your But. Stop saying \but\! When you do this, you are forming a limiting belief in your head. You are giving yourself an excuse not to do what you really want. You are giving yourself an \out,\ and that will never get you where you want to be in life.
7 Ways to Handle Food Cravings. So when a craving strikes, calm down, tune in, and savor every bite. With some practice, that tractor beam from the cookie jar may be weaker than you remember.
7 Secrets Of Wise People (And How To Become One ... Now). We all know we're going to die, for example. Wise people have a better understanding of the meaning of that, and live differently
The Case for Produce. I never had to say nectarine, so I knew it -- and quince and honeydew and eggplant and persimmon and cucumber and more -- only in Farsi. I just didn't have to use those words often enough in the presence of Americans to notice I hadn't learned them.
3 Ways to Not Get Drained by Needy People. If you often leave a conversation feeling drained, then you need to learn to be aware of what needy, draining people do that suck the life right out of you -- and what you can do to not get drained.
Non-Reactive Listening. Need help? In the U.S., call 1-800-799-SAFE (7233) for the National Domestic Violence Hotline. When a strong emotion is activated
Stress Response May Help Teens Avoid Car Accidents. They also took saliva samples from the 16-year-olds as they struggled with a series of stressful math problems, measuring
Shingles May Increase Stroke Risk. The researchers found that the risk for stroke was particularly high in the first six months following the onset of shingles
Three Unlikely Places Where Hope Conquered All. For the first time in my adult life, I truly had a fairy tale existence. But like all classic fairy tales, there had to be a villain. The villain was a faceless rogue who seemed to take great delight in slowly extinguishing any thoughts of happiness I had.
This Is Why You Get Spring Allergies. Spring has sprung, which means the arrival of chirping birds, sunny days, blooming trees and flowers and \u2026 spring allergies
Lifetime Costs For An Obese Child Total More Than A Year Of College. And the lifetime medical costs for a normal weight child who gains weight in adulthood is $12,900, according to the study
Move of the Day. Incorporate this \move of the day\ into your regular exercise regimen or just take a few minutes to give it a try. Performing the \move of the day\ will add up, and you will begin to see noticeable changes in your body and an improved mental focus!
Move of the Day. How it works
Why More Things Don't Make Us Happier. \As we amass more and more possessions, we don't get any happier -- we simply raise our reference point,\ study researcher
How Can You Truly Feel Your Body Without Instantly Hating Upon It?. By attaching a positive note to your daily body-loving rituals, you begin to associate your body with comforting, delightful things, which strengthens your relationship with your body and helps to feel more at home in your skin.
Are You Feeding on Your Pain... Past Its Expiration Date?. The shelf life of most intense feelings is quite short.  A strong feeling, which is not fed by our thoughts about it, can pass through us in a rather short time. It is our mind that, counter-intuitively, does not want us to let go of our pain.
Doctor's Office Etiquette. We all know that doctors are often unable to meet their appointment times. The waiting room is called that for a reason. But you can make the wait more pleasant for yourself and others by following a few guidelines.
Another Awareness Week?. It does seem as if there are a lot of \awareness days/weeks/months\ on the books. Every possible disease and issue seems to have one. Some of them are entertaining, some silly and redundant. Others can be game changers. National Young Adult Cancer Awareness Week is in the game-changer category.
Ballet-Inspired Fitness Classes Go Beyond The Barre. (Editing by Patricia Reaney and Gunna Dickson) About 39 percent of gyms offer dance fitness classes, according to a 2014
The Art of Empowering Women. You can see Deepak's whole conversation with Michelle at NEWSWIRE.FM As caregivers in most societies, women are taught to
Why You Can't Find What You're Looking For. Whatever you are looking for in your life, I wish you good luck on that journey. Keep your perspective as broad as possible and then learn to enjoy the wait. After all, life is really about learning how to live with uncertainty and find meaning even when all seems lost.
Be Passionate. Be Reckless. Be Great.. I used to believe that all of the great artists, the monumental thinkers and the cultural needle movers, were each given a grand story to tell by circumstance, by chance. But, It wasn't a matter of chance, it was a matter of choice.
How Cancer Screws Young Adults' Sex Lives. It's taken me two years to understand that my cancer wasn't cured overnight or without help, and my sex issues are part of the same healing journey.
'Year Of No Sugar'. How did you come up with the idea to avoid sugar for a year? My husband showed me a video of a pediatric endocrinologist
Go Ahead -- Make Someone's Day. No one can make you feel bad about yourself, as the saying goes, without your permission. But other people can help you feel better about yourself, if you let them.
The Meaning Behind These April Blooms Will Inspire You To Make A Positive Change. What habits would you change, if you could? The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life
An Interview With Alanis Morissette. Alanis Morissette shares how she remains creative after more than 20 years writing award-winning music.
iDietology. Radical fervor and echo chamber distortions do quite enough damage to our world without populating our kitchen tables. Be fed up, as I am, with such nonsense -- and we will all wind up eating better.
9 Ways to Tell You're on the Wrong Diet. Every spring, another round of diets sprout up. Some are solid plans with sound diet advice, and others, not so much. Want to spot the ones you should skip?
On World Health Day, Take Heart in Knowing the Global Fight Is Going Strong. When the visionary leaders who created the United Nations got down to business, one of the first subjects they tackled was trying to improve the health of people all around the world.
On Pain and How to Handle It. Except for a few rough patches, I've been blessed with a pretty healthy, pain-free life so far. So when debilitating pain like this comes along, it whacks me upside the head like a cosmic mallet, as if to say, \Pay attention! There's stuff to be learned here.\
Why You Should Eat A Serving Of Beans (Or Chickpeas, Or Lentils) A Day. And eating beans is not just good for your health, it's also good for your wallet -- an American Journal of Clinical Nutrition
Engineer Involved In Fatal Metro-North Train Derailment Had Undiagnosed Sleep Apnea. Symptoms of sleep apnea are often not very specific, meaning not everyone who feels tired during the day or who snores at
How to Do \The Sex Talk\ Better. Sexuality is more than sex. Healthy sexual development is about creating a foundation for healthy relationships, choices and behaviors.
The Health And Safety Lowdown On 4 Common Hair Products. With all the hair care products available, consumers can easily become entangled in their choices. Some products promise
Vindication for Lazy Parents (Like Me). Kids need to learn how to fail, take responsibility for themselves, and love learning.
Masters of Habit. Many historians believe that Aurelius practiced writing as a daily habit, regardless of the circumstances. Some of his most famous passages were written from outposts and battlefields as he sought to expand the Roman Empire.
The Incredible Power of a Compliment. When your colleague does a great job on an important project, compliment them on their success. If your competitor got the job over you, send a note of congratulations. Drop your guard, put down your competitive armor, and give yourself permission to revel in someone else's success. Make your words strong and reliable.
Ask Healthy Living. Why does my face look so terrible when I don't sleep enough? Dr. Sherrif F. Ibrahim, M.D., Ph.D., assistant professor in
The Top 10 Workout Songs for April 2014. Winter's over, and this month's top 10 list is full of tracks that'll propel you into the great outdoors.
We Tried It. I did a really tough stair workout a couple of weeks before the race and kept up with my general workout routine, but I felt completely lost going into this adventure
Mediterranean Diet Might Decrease Inflammation. If this finding isn't reason enough to go Mediterranean, keep in mind that the diet has been linked with a whole host of
Poor Sleep Increases Pain Risk  -- Especially as We Age. Sleep and pain exist in a complicated relationship to one another. Pain can interfere with sleep, making it harder to fall asleep and to stay asleep. Poor quality and insufficient sleep contribute to pain in several ways, decreasing tolerance for pain, increasing its intensity and discomfort, and in some cases raising the risk for the development of chronic-pain conditions.
Let's Take It Outside. Now is the perfect time to start taking advantage of the warmer weather. Whether you opt for the stationary bike or your mountain bike this spring, I commend you for continuing to exercise and encourage you to get outdoors once in a while to enjoy nature while getting a stellar workout!
How to Meditate. Now, I'm a very self-disciplined person. I self-manage a thriving acupuncture business. Save for the occasional pasta or dessert, I maintain a pristine diet. Rain or shine, exercise is non-negotiable
8 Ways To Burn Serious Calories That Don't Feel Like Working Out. A recent late-winter skiing trip reminded us here at Healthy Living that there are lots of ways to get in shape that have
The Oldest Nutrition Advice May Be the Wisest. There's more nutrition information available to all of us than ever before, but consumers seem more confused about what to eat.
National Public Health Week. This year's theme, \Public Health
Don't Let It Get Your Goat. Emotions, whether they feel good or bad, have a purpose, so long as they guide decision making or make you more aware. But when they don't, you end up on your own torturous mental treadmill, pounding out mile after angry mile and getting nowhere fast.
What Stress Might Have To Do With Your Allergies. The study, published in the journal Annals of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology, shows an association between higher perceived
8 Simple Ways Happy Couples Stay Happy. People change over time, and healthy couples continue to explore one another, while realizing it's impossible to know everything, no matter how long they've been together.
E-cigarettes. The debate over e-cigarettes has been heating up. Are the smokeless, battery-powered, nicotine-dispensing devices a gateway to smoking for young people or a helpful way for smokers to quit? Public health experts can be found on both sides of the debate.
Finding the Right Distance. If I'm to nurture a more fulfilling life based on authentic connections with a broader circle of family and friends, I believe there are a few challenging questions I need to ask myself before deciding to end a relationship or push someone away.
Privacy. In a recent essay in a New York Times column titled -- ironically, to my ear --\Private Lives,\ a woman discussed her \virginity
What's a Normal Portion Size?. Restaurants influence how much we'll eat just by deciding the serving sizes, and those are unpredictable and range from petite to colossal.
Arianna Huffington And Paul Holdengr\u00e4ber Reignite An Age-Old Conversation. This constant connection with technology wreaks havoc on current sleep habits, as well. Scientific evidence proves just how
Why 'The Biggest Loser' Shouldn't Be Used as Weight Loss Motivation. Now it seems that the show isn't just about the successes and the weight loss of the people involved, but rather a form of entertainment for the viewers. It's no longer about helping these souls, but objectifying their health and well-being in order to gain ratings on the television.
Could This Be Why Your Cat Is Losing Weight?. The actions of these enzymes are crucial to the digestive process. They allow nutrients from the diet to be absorbed by the
HuffPost Workouts. When I slid underneath the bench press, ready to conquer my PR, I turned the music on, and boom. Killed my personal record by four reps. I was in awe. Was it the music? Was it the Dri-FIT? It was the music.
5 Healthy Smoothies Nutrition Experts Swear By (And They Taste Good Too!). Chocolate Beet Berry Smoothie 1/2 cup peeled chopped\u2028 raw beet 1 banana 1 cup strawberries \u2028(may sub blueberries \u2028or raspberries
I Only Got 306 Fewer Reps Than Talayna. Some people might argue it takes courage to sign up for the CrossFit Open and do the Open workouts. But it also takes courage to get a low score on an Open workout and submit it anyhow.
Mike Posner and Breaking the Stigma of Mental Health. Codi, my friend that had attended the show with me, had know Mike for his party songs. As we were on our way home, he asked me what other \deep\ songs Mike had that I could play for him. That is why we must not stop talking about it.
To Matthew. These days when our eyes meet, there is so much worry, my dear. The lightness has been replaced by something so heavy that
Why We Really Experience FOMO. Giblin says that FOMO arises when we become preoccupied with the feeling that we are not good enough and that we may never
Don't Pedal Faster Than You Can Daydream. The way I see it, these are all mindless distractions that keep us from truly absorbing and experiencing the benefit of exercise. Being in tune with your body means that you have balanced the good with bad, the stress with the relaxation, the deficiency with the abundance.
New Mammography Article Points to the Need for Better Ways to Detect Breast Cancer. Unfortunately the article, at a glance, may add to the growing perception among journalists, primary care physicians who may not read below the paper's title, and others -- including many ordinary women -- that mammography's effectiveness has been, again, disproved.
Marquesha Fells Lost 64 Pounds And Gained A Soulmate. How I Lost It
Autism Awareness and Advocacy in Our Community. While autism is a condition affecting people in all sectors of society, socioeconomic disparities influence its diagnosis and treatment among African-Americans. Given this unique impact, it is important for us to galvanize and increase awareness about autism in our community.
Wheelchair Wisdom. Discovering the Calm and Stillness I came of age as part of the Woodstock generation and the Age of Aquarius, seeking a new
The Alphabet of Happiness. What would happen if you could fully inhabit the present moment? What if your thoughts could focus on what is actually happening right now? What if you could observe your actions/reactions instead of being rerouted by them to some familiar perspective that may lock you in place?
The Process, Part 13. Today is day 31. When I leave the hospital today I'll be almost 84 percent done and only have six more treatments left.
Scientists Develop Health Trackers That Work Like Temporary Tattoos. First there was the pedometer -- simple in design and function, but it gets the job done. Then there were health trackers
California Measles Outbreak Highest Since It Was Declared Eradicated, And It's Only April. The outbreak is reigniting public health concerns over the anti-vaccination movement; while releasing its data at the end
Can A Green Smoothie Change Your Life?. A new documentary suggests that adding a green smoothie to your diet is enough to transform your body. Do the claims stand
Why Taking Time Off From Exercise Is Good For Your Health. Coaches have known this forever -\u2013 ordering track stars, quarterbacks, cyclists and basketball players to take a serious
This Will Inspire You To Find Your Peaceful Place. GPS Guides are our way of showing you what has relieved others' stress in the hopes that you will be able to identify solutions
It's Sad How Few Vacation Days We're Really Taking. The survey also revealed that 61 percent of employees work while they're on vacation. One-third of those who reported they've
Another Scary Health Risk Of Insomnia. The study only showed an association between stroke and insomnia, and did not show that one caused the other; however, researchers
Coffee Could Help Cirrhosis Patients Live Longer. Dr. Koh and team were interested in conducting this research because some studies have suggested coffee may be beneficial
College Football Players Could Have Higher Risk Of Future Heart Troubles. The players had an average age of 18.5 years old, and consisted of 46 percent Caucasians and 54 percent African Americans
You Are Enough. In this week's video blog, I explore three questions and how we can let go of our thoughts and feelings of not getting enough, being good enough, or doing enough... ultimately remembering that we are enough just as we are right now!
How Much Do Partners Need to Share?. There is a place for privacy in loving, trusting relationships, and it's important to remember that a person's request for privacy doesn't mean he's up to no good. Similarly, putting your significant other on your shortlist of those with access to your info does not necessarily mean you have intimacy or connection.
The Least Obese U.S. Metro Area Is.... The obesity rate in Boulder is 12.4 percent -- much lower than the U.S. metro area with the highest obesity rate, which is
Medicine and Meditation to Rewire My Brain. By keeping my \eye on the prize,\ as I told one nurse, and focusing 100 percent of my energy on the minutely repetitive tasks I needed to, I was able to reach a far greater success than many thought possible.
Re-Awaken Love in Your Life. The theme of letting love into your heart seems to have hit a powerful chord with so many people I encounter. Opening our heart is never easy, especially when there's been a heartbreak that has shut us down and allowed us to build walls to protect the tenderness of our heart.
11 Foods That Help Bring On Sleep. If you've ever found yourself tossing and turning after a long day, think back to what you ate that evening and you'll likely
7 Reasons You Should Make Time For The Sunset. 6. It will help you appreciate life's gifts. 7. It will inspire you. Mindfulness, according to a Perspectives on Psychological
Fit Links. A well-rounded workout routine includes both strength and cardio training, and neither is one-size-fits-all. But if barbells
Can Your iPod Prevent Weight Gain? A Sample Playlist. Use songs that send messages of strength and willpower and make you feel on top of your game. Singing and even humming along
What You Want in a Mindfulness Teacher. Mindfulness is all the rage now. This is wonderful, because the practices hold promise for anyone who wishes to try them. But, it's also a very delicate and vulnerable moment, because the demand for mindfulness training outreaches the availability of authentic teachers.
A Photo a Day. My husband Harlan took a picture of my face every day for a year, starting on the day we learned I have lung cancer.
How To Be The Most Stressed Out Person You Know. Overanalyze everything. When has any stressful situation ever been solved by obsessing over it? Ruminating on anxious thoughts
Updated Viral Hepatitis Action Plan Released. Share your ideas about how you or your organization can contribute to this national effort in the comments section below
Studies Link Running Too Much To Dying Younger. After looking at the backgrounds and habits of 3,800 runners, Matsumura said he didn't find any evidence that high-mileage
Poison Control Center Calls Related To E-Cigarettes Increasing. Leading U.S. brands include blu by Lorillard Inc and products from privately held NJOY and Logic Technology. (Reporting by
Alcohol Is A Bigger Danger To Health And Society Than Marijuana, Americans Say. At the same time, \not all abuse and dependency is created equal,\ as the authors of Marijuana Legalization
PTSD. Ivan Lopez, who officials say shot himself to death Wednesday night after shooting and killing three others at Fort Hood
Proof That Life Experiences -- Not Things -- Make You Happier. For more reasons why things won't make you happier, click here. \These results suggest that when people are considering material
Flirtation or Infidelity? What's Okay and What's Not. Trust can be a difficult thing to build, because people already carry their own defenses and distrust from past hurts, rejections and deceptions. Yet, trust and communication are fundamental to establishing closeness, intimacy and real love.
Top 10 Food Lies That Keep Us Sick and Fat, Part 2. Let's examine five more food lies that keep us sick and fat. The sooner we tell the truth about these messages, the sooner we will reverse our chronic disease and obesity epidemic.
Is Your Work Draining You or Feeding You? Take the Test. Often times in relationships professional and personal we over-give or over-take. They are different sides of the same coin
Spring Cleaning. Here's an idea. How about making a few small changes all year long so that your lifestyle is more healthful, rather than just focusing on summer as the goal? Trust me -- it will go a lot further to make small changes over time than to try for quick makeovers!
5 Ways to Create a Miracle Mindset and Have Your Wishes Come True. To experience miracles forget about yourself, reach out and ask how what you are doing can be of service to others. 5) Refuse
Compassionate Basketball? That Is March Madness. The University of Virginia basketball team fell short of a national title. But these young men, at the urging of Coach Tony Bennett, will not fall short in life. They will have their ups and downs for sure. But if they practice passion, wisdom and compassion in their life pursuits, they will always be champions.
'Thrive' in Action. As more and more conversation emerges about how we can best support individuals to thrive, I'd encourage others to consider creating similar types of supportive gatherings in their communities. Along with whatever structures can be added to our workplaces and our daily routines, sometimes we also need to create a village of support in order to sustain the values we most believe in.
When Did We Lose Our Way?. Working so closely within a community was good for me at that time in my life. I was able to lose myself. By losing myself, I was able to reclaim a better version of myself, which is all part of the growth process. It was a scary yet fantastic journey.
5 Questions the World's Most Successful People Ask Themselves. Uber-successful people ride the waves of life with grace and ease, instead of fighting against the current and pushing in directions that are closed off. Relax into the natural rhythm of your life and watch your dreams come true.
Violence and Serious Mental Disorders. Answers to this puzzle are more known than is generally appreciated. Taking an approach that identifies and addresses risk and protective factors in violence, whether it be directed against the self or others, is one thing we can do right now.
Suze Yalof Schwartz Is Launching A Soul Cycle For Meditation. As a former fashion editor who has worked for Glamour, Vogue, Elle, and Marie Claire magazines, Suze Yalof Schwartz knows
5 Kitchen Cures to Help You Feel Vibrant. 2. Blend until smooth. 3. Sunflower sprouts. Looking to boost energy? Try these. Sunflower sprouts are \microgreens\ sprouted
3 Ways to Clear Your Mind. The beauty of practicing ancient martial arts, such as tai chi and qigong, is that you can cultivate stillness without standing still. Tai chi and qigong clear those blockages and restore the body's natural energy back to balance.
The Charm Before the Storm. Your reaction likely depends on the sort of narcissist you've been involved with, the severity of their narcissism, how long
Large Neck Size Linked With Sleep Apnea Risk In Boys. Obstructive sleep apnea doesn't just lead to daytime fatigue -- in kids, it's also associated with attention-deficit hyperactivity
Want to Eat Less? Choose Single-Serving Packages!. I've been a big fan of single-serving packages and have recommended them to dieters trying to lose weight and gain an awareness of portion control. They have a built in stop sign which signals us to stop; this is important especially in today's world of supersize portions.
8 Reminders That The Best Is Yet To Come. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Why 'Mentally-Ill Soldier' Reporting On Fort Hood Shooting Was Sloppy Journalism. These kinds of subtle connections, floated out in headlines, ledes and in repeated questions to experts in endless cable news coverage, result in reinforcement of stigma and a lost opportunity to educate viewers and readers on what mental illness and PTSD really are.
Do Most Kids Really 'Grow Out' Of Eczema?. Researchers also looked to see if the participants experienced any relief in eczema symptoms at all throughout the study
4 Ways Sleep Can Affect Your Weight. It seems too good to be true that sometimes the best thing for your waistline is your bed and not the gym, but it works. Proper
6 Popular Theories About Food That Have Not Yet Been Proven. I steer clear of saying that eating a particular food is 100 percent guaranteed to prevent a person's risk of disease, promote weight loss or result in health ramifications. The fact is, nutrition science is always evolving, and what may appear to be good or bad today may not be the case tomorrow.
Sleep Your Way to Creativity and 9 More Sure Fire Methods for More Ideas. If you're in the same boat, and you find it's difficult to remember what will improve your creativity and when you should do your most creative work, hopefully this list will help you get it all straight.
Reaching for Support. Recently, I talked with Shauna McLaughlin. In 2010, she faced a mother's worst nightmare. Her then 19-month-old daughter
The Process, Part 12. It was the closest I've come to normality in months. I'm using Burt's Bees Miracle Salve multiple times a day to deal with
How I Found Peace After War. My road to recovery has been long and challenging but rewarding. I am now able to channel daily stresses into something productive and positive. I have found peace after war, a state of mind that helped me closed a chapter and open a new one.
Health Literacy. Without easy access, the ability to understand information, the skill in communicating concerns to raise appropriate questions, to be able to process information wisely, and then to act upon this information, I'm afraid we're still looking at very limited literacy.
The Communications Dilemma. In recognition of their contribution to patient care, today's professionally-trained hospital chaplains are being included more and more as important members of the medical team.
Here's What A Healthy Relationship With Facebook Looks Like. If you're using Facebook like this, you're probably on the right track.
Young Adult Cancer and the Law. I didn't have a will going into my cancer diagnosis, or a power of attorney.  I ended up writing a letter that I would have tried to pass off as a will had things gone awry.  But simply having something in writing isn't enough.
I Used to Be Married. My husband was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease just after he turned 40. A talented long-distance runner and veteran of many first-place race finishes and successful marathons, he was an extremely athletic and healthy man. When his foot started to drag and a tremor found its way into his left arm and hand, I somehow knew he had this disease but had no idea just what the implications might be.
Smartphones. Technology wasn't invented for technology's sake. It was invented to make your life easier. It's supposed to help you spend more time living your life and less time sustaining it. Use it that way.
Time for Your Type 1 Diabetes Medal?. As Don told me when he opened his medal box, \Wow, somebody recognized what I've been doing all these years. That feeling is amazing.\
Staying Active In Your 20s Pays Off In Middle Age. Jacobs and colleagues examined the association between cardiovascular fitness and performance on cognitive tests in 2,747
Meditation. As we take time for meditation, our awareness learns to rest in our heart. We are thinking less and being heartfully more present. In the silence of meditation, our noisy thoughts dissolve in an inner quiet. So much thinking welcomes peace and quiet.
More Than Half Of Doctors Support National Legalization Of Marijuana, Survey Shows. Doctors in certain specialties seemed to better acknowledge the benefits of medical marijuana than others. Eighty-two percent
What Is the Universe Trying to Tell Me?. The people who inspire me most are those who have a few dents in their armor -- those who clawed their way to a place of inner strength, redemption, and hope.  Rarely do we remember fame and celebrity, but when we witness inner fortitude, it resonates and is transformative.
7 Ways To Get Fit In Half The Time. 5. Plan your workout ahead of time. Of all the distractions in the gym that compete for attention after a set, perhaps the
Decide on Love. Yet, back at home, when their old styles of attacking and defending were triggered, deciding on love seemed like an ineffectual
The Dirty Truth About The (Expired) Products In Your Bathroom. Be less disgusting!
What Happens in Vegas... Is Exposed!. We must remove the barrier to an early diagnosis by broadening the conversation of dense breast tissue from the medical professionals
Finding Success in Surrender. For the first time in my adult life, I am trying to do something completely on my own. There is no one looking over my shoulder
This Graffiti Art Proves You Can Find Encouragement Anywhere (PHOTOS). The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
7 Ways to Cleanse Yourself Daily of Negative Energy Absorption (NEA). If your NEA is scaled from 5-7 The very important and profound message
New Report Shows Number Of Military Caregivers In The US. \After more than a decade of war, the toll faced by the nation's caregivers who aid veterans and military members is large
Are The CDC's Salt Guidelines Too Low?. Don't toss out your salt shaker just yet
Protective Molecule May Lead To New Therapies For Celiac Disease. Researchers have discovered a key molecule that may someday help treat patients with celiac disease, an immune condition
How I Became a Morning Person. Working out in the morning helped me wake up and feel less sluggish when it was time to shower and prepare for the day.
Where Are We All Running To?. Yes, we are working hard, but to what end? As an entrepreneur, I readily admit that we must play the social media game in some fashion. But you will never convince me that presence has replaced genuine passion.
Want To Be More Patient? Practice Gratitude. In the study, 75 study participants were asked to write down the details of an event that made them feel happy, an event
9 Ways To Walk More On National Walking Day. Not all physical activity requires spandex, excessive sweating or a protein-packed recovery drink. In fact, just taking more
It's Time to Turn in the Pager. Our middle-aged patients often laugh when they see a pager
You Already Know, Just Get Honest. What I've learned in this life is that we always know who we're here to be and the work we're meant to do. We know what we're
Obesity Risk Higher For Future Sons Of Young Male Smokers. Smoking rates in Britain and some other parts of Europe are on the decline, but worldwide, almost one billion men smoke - about
7 Ways to Care Rather Than Care-Take. When we are care-giving rather than care-taking, we do these things willingly because it is loving to ourselves and to the other to do so, and we do not feel the resentment that we often feel when we give ourselves up to care-take.
5 Questions for Russell Simmons. It may surprise some that hip-hop luminary (founder of Def Jam records and Phat Farm clothing) Russell Simmons is also a longtime practitioner of yoga and meditation.
Bad Sleep Linked With Cognitive Decline. However, researchers did not find an association between duration of sleep and cognitive decline. A team of researchers found
5 Rules to Run Better for Life. Overtraining is the number one cause of injuries in runners. If you overdo it and put your body under too much stress too often, running can cause you more harm than good.
Yoga + Instagram Catapult 2 Fit Moms Into Spotlight. But the idea to create Two Fit Moms began before Kasperzak and Goldman even completed yoga teacher training. In fact, it had always been Kasperzak's dream to be a yoga instructor, and it had always been Goldman's dream to build an online wellness hub.
Approaches You Don't Know About for Helping Someone With Substance Abuse. I know that substance abuse problems vary in terms of severity, fright and heartbreak, and yet I am optimistic! In research and clinical work alike, I've seen the evidence over the past 40 years that families and friends make a difference in helping someone who struggles with drinking, drugs or other compulsive behaviors. Often, it is the critical difference.
Get In Fighting Shape. Divergent's fight coordinator, J.J. Perry, was given a mission
How to Figure Out What You Want Out of Life. Most of us have a fuzzy idea of what we want now, today, and maybe even this month. However, we struggle to answer the bigger question
7 Things Morning People Do Differently. Inside each of us, is a genetically-determined clock. You can\u2019t wind it, and you can\u2019t hear it tick, but you most likely
This Will Inspire You To Transform Your Gloomy Day Into Something Bright. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Healing the Forgotten. Sarah C. will be the first acknowledge that the work is not easy. \You cannot avoid pain in the beginning. You have to learn
Connecting Through Eye Contact. Eye contact, along with the connection it may bring, can become a kind of mindfulness practice. We can notice what we're experiencing in our stomach or heart as we gaze into our lover's magical eyes. Maybe there's a delightful sense of warmth and expansiveness, or a fear of losing ourselves.
3 Keys to Empowerment While Grieving. To have loss is to be human. With each loss, we add on to our layers of experience. We always hold the ability to honor our losses with grace and dignity. There is nothing weak or small about this journey
5 New Directions When You Feel Lost. Your intuition ultimately sends you down the correct path. Do not think of it as being lost. Think of it as a temporary pause on your journey during which you should follow nothing but your heart's desire.
Defeating the Workplace Bully. Build positive relationships with coworkers. The better connected you are to healthy and supportive colleagues, the less
It's Time to Retire 'Patients'. The kindly family doctor, well-known in his community, who carried his black bag from house to house was likely to be a more
Top 10 Food Lies That Keep Us Sick and Fat, Part 1. When it comes to weight loss, there's a ton of advice out there. The problem is, most of it is terrible, outdated and scientifically disproven. And if you believe it, it could be getting in your way.
What to Do With Boxes of Old Letters?. Often, I will carry a letter around in my purse for weeks, until I have an interlude and setting suitable for responding. Rereading the letter, I like to glance back and forth between different sections to be sure I have taken in the details where the pain or joy resides. All of this is part of encompassing the gift that a friend has finally unburdened herself or opened her heart.
Four Common Situations Where Mindfulness Saves the Day. Being mindful is like being a very calm sports announcer -- being aware of the play-by-plays of life yet not getting too wrapped up.
Redefining Hope. Peter is only 28 years old. He and his best friend, partner, and wife Debs are so young to be facing this persistent \cancer creeper\ that haunts every waking hour of their daily lives.
30 Days of High-Intensity Interval Training (HIIT). The high-intensity interval training workouts are the fastest way to look lean and mean when the weather demands we get about wearing fewer clothes. The real benefits, however, are mental. Try one of the routines right now -- all you need is 15 minutes and a timer.
Meditation vs. Talking Therapy. Need help with substance abuse or mental health issues? In the U.S., call 800-662-HELP (4357) for\u00a0the SAMHSA National Helpline
Kick Cancer's Butt. Breast cancer survivor Paris Murphy, a celebrity stylist and CEO of EyeCandy, pictured here at this year's Oscars. Lady of
The No. 1 Key to Living and Dying Well. As long as we live, it is never too late to be ourselves and to make peace with our choices and the people in our life (past or present).  So, if you want to live and die really well, befriend, honor, and love yourself madly and deeply.
Redefining Beauty. I encourage all of you to come up with your own definition of beauty, and please, make sure that your definition includes all the things you don't see. Be sure to include your kindness, your spirit, your zest for life, and your passion.
15 Signs You May Have An Iron Deficiency. You have an under-active thyroid. Iron deficiency slows your body's thyroid function and blocks its metabolism-boosting effects
Eating 7 Or More Daily Portions Of Produce Could Reduce Premature Death Risk. In a related editorial, experts from the Institute of Psychology, Health & Society at the University of Liverpool noted that
Attention!. When we allow ourselves to engage in worry, obsessing or regret, our attention quickly slips away from the type of thinking
The 65 Best Health & Fitness Apps Of 2014. Your health is in your hands. Seriously, it's right there -- or it can be, in the form of flashy little apps downloaded to
FDA Panel Backs Inhaled, Injection-Free Diabetes Drug. By Susan Heavey The advisers said there was not enough data on the potential cancer risk and called for more long-term study
FDA Approves Oral Drug For Grass Allergy. Oralair was approved in the European Union in 2008 and is also sold in Canada, Australia and Russia for the treatment of
Ohio Mumps Outbreak Grows To 116 Cases, Mainly At Ohio State University. \If even one person is unvaccinated we are all at risk,\ he said. By Kim Palmer Four people have been hospitalized in the
How to \Own It\. We realized that owning it -- honoring ourselves and acknowledging our unique tendencies, talents, skills, desires, fears, and neuroses -- succinctly sums up how we can all go about living in a way that is full and filled with integrity.
Ode to the Universe. The universe has your best interests at heart. Even though it hurts, sometimes. Even though you don't always get what you want and quite often things you do want get taken away from you.
For My Brother. During my father's slow avalanche to death, my brother was a tireless advocate on his behalf, a bodhisattva in the way he cleared debris and made things easier for everyone around him. I was in a plane over the Pacific Ocean when I finally wrote this poem for him.
Yearly Mammograms Tied To Fewer Breast Cancer Deaths, But Do All Women Benefit?. A report published in the Journal of the American Medical Association is the latest attempt to sort out mixed messages about
Everything You Need To Know About Meditation. I couldn't imagine finding the time to make meditation a daily thing -- but, oddly enough, that's what happened. By Jancee
Surviving the CrossFit Open. There was that sharp, metallic taste of blood in my mouth (apparently, this can happen after an extremely intense work out). I was huffing and puffing like a birthing water buffalo. But I was alive. And I felt amazing.
How Your Heart Health In Young Adulthood Affects Your Middle-Aged Brain. The authors of the study suggested that treating cardiovascular risk factors at all stages of life could improve cognitive
Proposed Changes to the FDA's Nutrition Facts Labels -- Will They Help You Eat Better?. Nutrition facts labels are important for everyone, not only health nuts or the infirm.  Few folks, except those in deep denial or a time capsule since Armstrong's moon landing would dispute that the food you chow today will affect your health tomorrow and in years to come.
Can You Heal From Severe Depression? This Author Says Yes. The just published memoir, Shadows in the Sun, is a first-of-its-kind, cross-cultural lens to mental illness through the inspiring story of the author's 30-year battle with depression.
Alternative Paths to Wellness a Political Act With Winners, Losers. Who benefits when governments appeal to UNESCO to endorse a traditional medicine as intangible cultural heritage? Who loses and who gains when the FDA determines what can and cannot be called a \medicine\?
ADHD and Sex. As in any other relationship, it's important to be able to talk openly and honestly about sexual desires and concerns. However, in order to be able to have good conversations in bed, you have to be having good conversations outside of bed, too -- and not just about sex, but about all the other parts of the relationship.
Choosing Psychotherapy Today. Some types of psychotherapy are short-term, lasting a few weeks, while others are long-term, lasting months or years. Some focus mostly on the problem at hand, while others encourage people to speak freely about whatever comes to mind in order to uncover unconscious thoughts and feelings.
The Long Way Home. While I really wish that my ring had never fallen down the toilet to be lost in sewage-y oblivion, I'm grateful that I'll finally, once and for all, be able to properly say goodbye to my beloved Nonna.
Knowing Which Medical Products Are Best for Each Person -- It Just Makes Sense. There are still many unanswered questions about how and why cardiovascular diseases affect Americans differently. Learning the answers to these questions is necessary if we are to someday fulfill the promise of personalized medicine.
Young Women and ACL Injuries. One area of strength training has fallen short with female athletes, in which tears of the ACL -- or anterior cruciate ligament -- have actually increased dramatically over the years. Such injuries are now, in fact, common in female volleyball, softball, basketball and soccer players.
The Gifted Speaker. I have many students who have struggled with this problem.  All of them have been able to conquer it with some success.  Most important though is consider where you are and what you are trying to say.  There is a time and place for everything.
The Key to Being Happy, No Matter What Happens. The key to being happy is realizing that you decide what everything means kindling emotions that are in line with the story you have been telling yourself. With that awareness you have a choice -- the choice to be happy, no matter what.
Michael H. Brooks's Guide To Leading A More Mindful Life. Mindfulness is more than just an awareness of the present moment. That's about half the equation. The other half is to objectively
When Doctors Know Patients Are Watching, Are They More Likely To Wash Their Hands?. Most patients given the cards participated in the program, with a card return rate of 75.1 percent. According to the survey
Where Do You Follow Your Nose?. I hadn't realized how powerful scent was until I separated it from my other senses. There were clues, though. There's a armoire in the basement of the house my parents still live in where they keep the World Book Encyclopedias. Nothing, and I mean nothing, calls up my childhood faster than opening those doors and taking a breath.
Video-Playing Glasses Ease Anxiety During Biopsies And CT Scans. But video glasses, like Google Glass, can help calm these patients down, according to a new study. People who must undergo
Leaving the Next Generation an Empty Bag. If cancer is preventable (meaning its prevalence can be reduced by making lifestyle and/or environment changes, excluding hereditary cancers), then how and why are we still struggling to reverse the increasing incidences of cancer?
5 Ways to Nurture Your Spirit. Spending time -- even if it's just an hour a week -- doing something you love excites the spirit. A good place to start is remembering what you loved to do as a child or what brings you joy as an adult.
Ira Israel. When we date we must be mindful of our own expectations and assumptions, our own projections, our own ways of communicating, our own psychological baggage, and our own attachment dynamics, so that we can learn how to grow intimately with another human being over a period of time.
Man With 34-Year-Old Transplanted Kidney Shares Advice for National Kidney Month. Of course, always check with your doctor about prevention and treatment plans. For his part, Gaudet hopes the online kidney
10 Tips on How to Survive a Spiritual Festival. During the course of the festival, I experienced the rainbow of human emotion
How to Have a Craptastic Day. It is in those moments of emotional pain that we learn our greatest lessons and from those lessons we grow and expand our capacity as purposeful human beings.
California 'Glove Law' Gets Unanimous Vote To Repeal. The bill must be voted on by the entire Assembly before the repeal is finalized, but this first vote is a positive step forward
Choose to Be Brave!. From
5 Stress-Busting Shoulder Stretches. If you've been stuck behind a desk all day, odds are good that your shoulders feel tight. Sitting in a static position for hours at a time often creates extra tension in your chest and back muscles, which can in turn lead to slouched posture and aching shoulders. The next time you feel tension beginning to build, try these five gravity-assisted stretches to relieve the discomfort.
Surrounded by Angels. Until next time... I took a visit to Planet Organic today and have stocked my cupboard with healthy raw, vegan food as well
No Is The New Yes. When there are many things going on, breathe, take a moment, and let your intuition decide what makes most sense. Yoga or brunch? Movie with a friend or two hours spent on your blog? We all have 24 hours in a day -- you know the best ways to spend yours.
The 10 Worst Cities For Spring 2014 Allergies. Below, you'll find the 10 worst U.S. cities for spring allergies. Headh over to the AAFA site for the full list of 100. Despite
Never Enough. Dream big!  Respect the process and enjoy the journey of pursuing your goals and aspirations.  Remember it is never enough to only dream -- you must actively commit to make those dreams a reality.
6 Great Tips to Better Skin. Beauty is not only skin deep.  Instead, true beauty and great skin come from what we eat and how we live.
Embracing Boredom. Time and boredom appear to be integral parts of the creative process that has limits on the speed of turn-around, which is highly individual.
My Journals Knew I Was an Alcoholic Before I Did. I'm no longer living with booze-filled blinders on. My life may still not be what I've longed for (although it is getting close), but at least it's no longer a lie.
To Sleep, Perchance to Dream, That Is the Medical Question. Cleaning up your living room is not as important as cleaning up your brain, and sleeping helps you do it.
What's Your Magic Number?. I was in shock! How did HE get a brain tumor? How could HE die? Suddenly, my health and wellness bubble burst! I didn't understand
Pomegranate Extract for Canine Heart Disease. \u2022 Make sure your pet's diet is loaded with fresh, human grade meat. Meat is your pet's best source of important amino acids
Brain's 'Sleep Switch' Found. Scientists have identified a protein molecule in the brains of fruit flies that they believe is the \switch\ that controls the flies' internal drive to sleep -- and that a similar mechanism likely exists for human sleep as well.
Accept vs. Settle. So, what have we learned? Both indicate agreement of some kind; both of them seem to indicate a shared thought/experience
Another Dollop of (About, Actually) Butter. In the aftermath of his commentary about butter in the New York Times, Mark Bittman and I -- along with several others, including Dr. Dariush Mozzafarian from Harvard, one of the authors of the study that set this all in motion -- were invited to discuss the health effects of butter on the NPR program, \On Point,\ this morning.
A Public Health Success Story. At Jay's wake, Katie approached me and several other physicians and pleaded with us to do something about colon cancer. She didn't want other families to suffer the loss hers had endured. We explained to Katie that we thought she could do more than we could to fight this disease.
Arianna Talks Third Metric On CNBC. She contends that having enough time to unwind, relax and sleep is the key to better job performance. \If you look at the
Maps Not Measuring Sticks. The Internet has been a boon for the sharing of wisdom, roadmaps, and advice, but it has also created a whole marketplace for the sharing of what appears to be a single correct route to success. Advice on hacking our lives toward better performance and productivity and happiness is the dieting advice of this decade.
Cure for the \See-Food\ Diet. I'm a \see-food\ dieter. What grabs my eye in a moment of hunger is often what I go for. I find this is especially true for my kids. If I set out a plate of sliced fresh fruit and vegetables when they walk in the door from school, they'll dive in. If I don't, they're sniffing around the snack cupboard and complaining that I never buy Goldfish.
11 Health Risks Of Snoring. Mental Health Issues Sleep apnea can affect your mental well-being, leading to issues from crankiness from a lack of sleep
Training For A Marathon Doesn't Just Make You Awesome -- It's Good For Your Heart. The researchers recruited these men to participate in an 18-week training regimen, which included endurance training, group
We Tried It. This is pretty much my own particular brand of crazy burn. It's time-efficient, high-intensity, functional and safe. Eventually, maybe I'll even be able to finish that full minute of burpees. Maybe.
Spiritual Leader Byron Katie Tells ORIGIN Magazine Why We Should Embrace The Quiet. Gina Murdock
Ancient Rheumatism Drug Effective At Reducing Inflammation Around Heart. Moreover, after three days of treatment, 19.2 percent of patients taking the drug had symptoms, compared with more than 44
2 Cases Of Ebola Confirmed In Liberia. The suspected spread of disease into Liberia and Sierra Leone has stirred concern that one of the most lethal infectious
11 Things We Do That Make Us Miserable. We are so busy worrying about what will be in the future or living in the past.  True joy, peace and contentment come from being alive and present in the current moment.  It is all we have and it is all there really is.
Heart Attack Death Rate Higher In The South, Study Shows. The study was presented at a meeting of the American College of Cardiology; because the findings have yet to be published
Safety Tips for Exercising Outdoors. Spring is here, and many of us are drawn outside for some well deserved fresh air and exercise.  The following list outlines some very basic, common sense safety tips, so that you may enjoy your freedom and get in shape for summer.
HuffPost Workouts. Considering the right playlist can not only motivate you to work out but can even encourage you to up your effort, music
Mantras. As tools, mantras can no more control our thoughts or our children than our iPhones can control the person with whom we are speaking. But they can facilitate communication and understanding. And they certainly make our lives easier.
One Thing You Can Do Right Now to Improve Your Day. In our modern world of more, more, more... we often treat the present moment, as a stepping-stone to the next moment. Eckhart
20 Ways To Have The Healthiest Night Ever. You may have started your day off right, but a lot can happen in eight hours. Get back on track tonight with these 20 ways
Crowd Out Bad Dynamics. Maybe your family or friends like to gossip. Or maybe they play misery poker about their ailments. I challenge you to be the one to set the tone of conversations.
The 15 Most Allergy-Friendly Restaurant Chains. In that spirit, AllergyEats, an online guide to allergy-friendly restaurants, has released its annual ranking of chain restaurants
I Once Knew a Girl Who Gave Up Thinking.... Give up thinking for Lent? How could that be possible? Don't we need our thoughts to help move us through life? No, what Andrea was talking about was obsessive thinking. You know, the kind of thinking that gives you no rest.
Paper-Centered Care. There is a lot of talk in health care today about \patient-centered\ care.  Sadly, my recent experience with the health care system seems to show that we are more of a paper-centered system of care right now.
Dreams vs. 'Dreams'. Night dreams bring our feelings out into the forefront so we can get in touch with them. They take us to the root source
Why I Am Scared of Testosterone Therapy. Eating foods that have low estrogenic effect is also important. I don't eat any soy for example. It's a myth that soy is
12 Golden Rules for Fast, Lasting Fat Loss. Don't bring the enemy in. That means anywhere -- your kitchen, glove compartment, on the restaurant table -- or you create a slippery slope. I'm talking about that pint of butter pecan, but also potentially dangerous healthy foods like almond butter. If one tablespoon becomes the whole container, step away from the jar!
Dietary Fat and Heart Disease. A review just published in the Annals of Internal Medicine concluded that current evidence does not support limiting saturated fat or increasing polyunsaturated fat for preventing heart disease. But the important message in the study, which I reveal below, gets lost in the oversimplified headline and cheesy photo.
Home-Cooked Meals for a 24/7 Workweek. Eating healthy can be a very difficult endeavor for most of us who have rigorous work schedules. Whether we are getting to the office in the dark or leaving well after dinner time, it's not exactly ideal for maintaining a healthy and fit body.
How Current Arthritis Treatment Fails Patients. Why is it that are we still in the outdated \wait, rest, drugs, joint replacement\ era? Here is the shocking data.
5 Ways to Make Your Workplace Fun. Marianne Williamson said
Breaking the Stigma of Stuttering. Stutterers are not some unified whole. Like everyone, we can be our own worst critics and our worst enemies. The truth is that we are as varied as the rest of humanity. And it is this scale that we should be judged on.
Surgeons To Test Procedure That Suspends Patients Between Life And Death. Surgeons in Pennsylvania are expected to make history next month when they begin testing a technique that suspends trauma
The Key To Helping Chronic Pain Sufferers Get More Exercise. The study included 119 chronic pain patients who wore accelerometers to measure their physical activity around the clock
Tips to Choosing a Race. When choosing a race to work towards, proximity can be the deciding factor on whether you show up to the race or not. If, like me, you're not an early morning person choosing a race you can get to easily can help get you out of bed that morning.
Beginnings. Only 20 patients had been tapped for this spectacular opportunity. My stem cell infusion took place in New York City on a recent frigid winter day, inaugurating the study. I knew a long, thin needle would be inserted into my spinal column and the cells released.  I was ready.
Massachusetts Bans Controversial Painkiller Zohydro. The federal Food and Drug Administration approved Zohydro last year over the objections of its advisory panel, which expressed
Reports of a Drop in Childhood Obesity Are Overblown. It is no secret that the United States has a weight problem. Roughly 30 percent of American adults are clinically obese, or
The Myth of Creative Inspiration. If you're serious about creating something compelling, you need to stop waiting for motivation and inspiration to strike you and simply set a schedule for doing work on a consistent basis. Of course, that's easy to say, but much harder to do in practice.
Embracing Routine. Too many of you are treading water instead of swimming with the current, living in a reactive state instead of a place of creating opportunities, and overwhelmed with all of the decisions you have to make and then never quite get what you want.
5 Beginner-Friendly CrossFit Workouts. From bodyweight-only routines to workouts with weights, your first WOD doesn't have to be scary. But it should challenge
When Your Relationship Is Rocky, Look Right at Your Expectations. One of the best ways to think of a relationship on the rocks is to reflect on your expectations for your relationship. What are they? What is it that you really want from your partner? What could your partner do now that would -- from your point of view -- make the relationship work again?
The Key to Happiness. Gratefulness makes us happy. It is the key to happiness. We often have the wrong idea, we think that happy people are grateful for being so happy, but it is not the case.
Why We Are Together but Feel Alone. Technology allows us to hide from others while being connected. We can edit who we are, what we say, and how we are perceived. We become willing to dispense with people and comfortable with being dispensed. We can decide when to communicate and how much.
Alzheimer's Disease. The study, published last week in the journal Neurology, found that the number of people who die from Alzheimer's may be five times higher than previously thought, partly because death certificates often fail to list Alzheimer's as a contributing cause of death.
Counteract Anxiety With Curiosity. Ultimately, life is one big unknown. In every moment, we have no idea what will happen next. Boredom comes when we fail to see the new in everything -- even the mundane and ordinary. There is, then, no reason to wait for anxiety to actively practice curiosity.
What I Love About You Is.... In a healthy, loving, long-term relationship we have to continuously and consciously choose to fall in love with our partner
Dating Without a Voice. For more from Eric Barry about sex and dating, subscribe to the Full Disclosure podcast. This week's episode features Duke
Spring Into Spring! 4 Ways to Jumpstart The Season. If Mother Nature takes some time to transition from the blustery winter to the sunny spring, why don't we give ourselves a similar mental/physical shift? If you're like me, feeling a little stuck from the cold, grey season, you might need a real push to actually make your spring... spring!
Who Knows Your Secrets?. Read Larry Schwimmer's latest books, What the Hell is Going On in My Life? Using Your Birthdate to Find Answers About Relationships
Meditation. One of my \game changers\ happened during this kind of meditation. And this is why I meditate. (In case you were wondering
Mindfulness. The hard truth is that achieving mental control can take years of practice and, in my experience, it happens by degrees. Once
Does Healthy Food Sell?. What can be more wholesome than an athletic event at school? I've been to many, and my frequent regret is that the foods and drinks offered during these games almost undo the message and purpose of sport's healthfulness.
TRX Training. I often use the TRX throughout other workouts to target specific body parts, but will also do a total body TRX workout from time to time. What's great about a total body workout on the TRX is that it is easy to move from one exercise to the other, since only one piece of equipment is required.
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Trouble Making Decisions? Read This!. You don't need everything figured out. You just need to get clear on what we want, then start to walk in that direction. Independence and choice have great power and potential for you on the path of becoming your highest self. Claim your power now.
How Sleep Deprivation Drives The High Failure Rates Of Tech Startups. I work in my sleep now. I fall asleep most nights writing and rewriting opening lines and first paragraphs in my head. And
Leave Positive Footprints in the Sand. Life at times seems like a mystery that is never for solving. What is a constant is we all have a responsibility to make our lives the best they can be.  A responsibility to both ourselves and the world at large.
The Happiest And Healthiest Cities In America. Last month, Gallup released data ranking the happiest states in the U.S. based on a number of factors related to wellbeing
The Direct Path to Self-Awareness. The stronger the foundation of the relationship when the shadow hits the fan, the more likely it is that we will be able
5 Things You Might Not Know About Spring Allergies. Spring is finally rolling around the corner, and for most of us, that's a big relief. For many others, however, this revival of life also means the return of sneezing, coughing, wheezing, itching and other vexing symptoms of spring allergies, commonly known as hay fever.
Does High Altitude Really Help You Lose Weight?. Is it true that being in high altitude makes you lose weight and speeds up your metabolism? As Prince Harry recently demonstrated
Move of the Day. Incorporate this \move of the day\ into your regular exercise regimen or just take a few minutes to give it a try. Each day will be a different move so you can do each one back to back or individually.
7 Reasons Why We Should Be Giving More Hugs. Feeling strung out? Go give someone a squeeze. When we embrace, we immediately reduce the amount of the stress hormone cortisol
Dying to Be Me Author, Anita Moorjani, on Healthy, Fearless Living. It's a concept I've considered integral to my own spiritual practice, through which I help people find healing through God
Dare to Be 100. Health should be cheaper and is certainly a more noble cause than repair. The major editorial review of my book cites it
Larry Avents. Walking up M Street on this chilly autumn night. I smell Larry's liquor breath half a block away. \Hey man, you got a cell
What Is the Single Best Exercise?. 2. Playing with pacing \u2022 Medium speed \u2022 Fast \u2022 Slow \u2022 Fast up/Slow down That's what makes muscle strong, flexible and functional
The 'Quit Your Job' Checklist. Here are what I think are the major things to be considered before you make the big decision to follow your dreams. There are many more variables to consider and every situation is different, but if you choose to follow in my footsteps, review each of these steps carefully and honestly.
Why Martinis and Meditation Mix. With a gentle awareness and intent to be real, any pattern can be disrupted. We never fix anything that's broken, we only uncover the bliss we inherently are.
Invasive Cancer Rate Drops In US. Between 2009 and 2010, the rate of invasive cancer in the country dropped from 459 new cases per 100,000 people, to 446 new
Ebola Spreads From Rural Guinea To Capital. CONAKRY, March 27 (Reuters) - A deadly outbreak of the Ebola virus suspected of killing at least 63 people has spread from
How to Overcome the Fear of \Putting Yourself Out There\. In honor of Arianna Huffington's marvelous book THRIVE, I want to write about a very specific aspect of well-being
'Honey, We Need to Talk' -- Facing That Dreaded STD Conversation. Avoid using dramatic language. Words such as \terrible, horrible, awful\ when describing the STD will only make it seem worse
Don't Chase Anything You Don't Want to Catch. Many people, myself included, have pursued happiness and pleasure in places where we know it will not be found.  It is tempting to seek the comfort of material things, indulge yourself, pursue your appetites and the satisfactions of the flesh.
Fibroids. There's no good reason for fibroids to continue to cause such a high degree of suffering. But awareness of the condition is key if women are to get prompt and appropriate treatment.
Let Your Light Shine. Life is one big roller coaster ride of personal choices from exhilarating joy to frightening turns and can ultimately be the main distraction for dealing with the Self.
Wisdom 2.0 - An Interview with Soren Gordhamer. A phrase written by Tolle reverberated within Gordhamer
The Process, Part 11. The bottom line
Einstein's Greatest Discovery. When Einstein did not immediately reply, the interviewer became embarrassed and apologized for asking something so difficult
Want Success Today?. To secure the success of well-being today, the first step is to shift your activities and habits of mind. Fortunately, this requires no money and hardly any time.
Practical Wisdom. Virtually all human beings, I believe, have the capacity for practical wisdom. And a society in which people thrive will be a society that nurtures practical wisdom and then allows people to deploy it.
Are You Forgetful? Your Genes Might Be To Blame. Research has also suggested that some age groups are more forgetful than others. A recent national poll showed that millenials
Post-Surgery Hell and the Important Lessons Learned. I have been fighting a PEG tube for long time.  But never in my wildest imagination would I think the experience would turn into a gore fest.  So, what did I learn from all of this?
Calorie-Sleep Relationship May Apply To Young Children, Too. According to the National Sleep Foundation, toddlers ages 1 to 3 should get 12 to 14 hours in each day-long period. Researchers
3 Ways You Zap Happiness (And How to Get It Back). Happiness is an approach to life. It's a mindset that, sure, includes moments of glee, but is really about responding to those ups and downs and diagonals with a commitment to health.  When you pair an attitude of happiness with the skills of resilience, you can keep from being dragged down by everyday stressors, giving you a better shot at staying buoyant.
This Playlist Will Help You Pave The Path To Your Dreams. Follow That Dream -- Elvis Presley Hall Of Fame -- The Script Remember The Name -- Fort Minor Change -- Taylor Swift I Won't
What 'Essentialists' Do Differently (And Why You Want To Be One). 4. They know they can't please everyone all the time. Thinking that you can say \yes\ and keep everyone happy is a false
Suicide Prevention in the Shadows of the Golden Gate Bridge. Let us hope that the district directors do indeed vote in favor of this stainless-steel net, which will save countless lives. Too many suicidal people have been drawn to the fabled span for the same reason that the non-suicidal are drawn to it
7 Reasons to Risk an Intervention. Regardless of outcome, stepping in to urge treatment and set boundaries is a way of showing an addict just how far they've fallen at the same time that you're showing them how deeply you love them. Being part of such an event can be a profound, even sacred experience. If it doesn't change the addict, it might change you.
Yoga. Editor
6 Things You Should Know About the Low-FODMAP Diet (And Why You Should Care). FODMAPs may sound like a new medical device or GPS system, but they're actually one of the hottest topics in digestive health and wellness. You're likely to hear a lot more about them in the coming years, so let's set the record straight.
5 Ways Hating Your Job Can Ruin Your Health (According to Science). If you hate your job, you have to act on it. You have to either figure out how to improve your current work situation or you have to find another job where you can be happy. The only option you don't have is to do nothing, because staying in that job you hate can make you sick.
Today's Social Fabric of Health Means the End of HIPAA. Regardless of what cause came first -- be it the rising of a sharing culture or the innovation in the technology -- there is a monumental shift taking place in wellness and healthcare approaches. What was once meant to protect has become not only obsolete, but is now the unintentional roadblock to a healthier life for all. Set the data free.
Can Yoga Help Save the Business World?. How can yoga help people in the business world? By helping them clear their minds. The mind is our most powerful tool. However, more often than not, our attention is fragmented and pulled in a dozen different directions at once. Yoga gracefully combats this in several powerful ways.
Raw Juice 101. Unless you're getting fresh raw juice from organic fruits and vegetables, you might be getting taken. Especially if you're paying $12 for the privilege. Here's what to look for in your raw juice.
Bald Is Beautiful. Having lost my hair several times over from the slew of cancer treatments I've received over the last two years, I understand what it feels like to be bald. I am nearly 20 years older than Delaney, and can't even fathom what she has had to go through at such a young age.
The Best Gift in the Universe. Been looking for a good gift lately? Some people like cash. Some people prefer a personal, more thoughtful present. But let me challenge you a moment. Instead of letting your next gift be something that you can buy, think about giving something far more potent
Here's Why You Shouldn't Eat Clay (We're Looking At You, Shailene Woodley). \This is a practice in some indigenous cultures, and I think that probably came about because they did not have access to
Bringing Dignity to Suffering. Health care chaplains are trained to be present for any person regardless of religion or beliefs. They don't care who the patients are or who they've been. They want to be with them where they are.
Thriving Is Your Nature, and There Is Not a Thing You Have to Do About It. Thriving is what you notice when you stop looking for instances where it's not happening. Thriving is also what happens when you stop trying to make it happen. Thriving often happens despite all your effort, not because of it.
How to Construct the Perfect Green Smoothie. There's no reason to stress about not having one tablespoon of chia seeds or exactly 12 organic cherries on hand; just about every smoothie ingredient can be substituted for something equally as good for you and delicious.
3 Reasons to Date a Dreamer. When we see an impossible task, it's expected to back away into the realm of the possible, and live safely within the lines of our capability. But dreamers see the impossible and reach for it. It makes them more daring.
The Enjoyment 'Requirement'. Excellence is less about waiting to find something that you love doing, and more about finding love in being successful at whatever it is you are doing. It's great if you can enjoy it. It's great if you can be passionate about it. But don't fool yourself into thinking it has to be that way at the start.
You'll Wait Longest For The Doctor In This State. Check out the states with the shortest and longest wait times, below
Finding Love in a Hopeless Place. This is the key to understanding the meaning of both life and death
7 Seemingly Harmless Habits That Are Actually Surprisingly Unhealthy. 3. Listening To Music 5. Eating Processed Foods But many of the well-intentioned posts to a thread on which user magicmuk
And We Are Magnificent!. What remarkable pieces of life we human beings are. We are blood and bone -- an earthy physiology of cells conglomerated
Solving the Gluten-Free Debate. You can bastardize any diet plan, and imagining you'll suddenly lose fat and feel better eating gluten-free processed foods will only set you up for serious disappointment.
Arianna Chats With Seth Meyers About The Power Of Sleep (VIDEO). \So great to be here, my little baba ganoush,\ Arianna told Meyers, making light of the popular Saturday Night Live imitation
Pseudocyesis. A Canadian man who thought he was going to be the father of quintuplets was surprised to find out his girlfriend was never
What to Do When Your Friend's Father Dies, and Other Life Crises. When a friend helps you through a funeral, you never forget it.  Since it's unlikely that Janet Reno will be available, here are five things you can do when a friend loses a love one.
Seniors in Casino Land. At a recent forum I spoke with seniors who care about this issue. When I asked them why they thought seniors prefer the disembodied draw of the slot machine, one woman replied, \We don't want to be a burden on other gamblers.  Well, we don't want to be a burden on anyone.\
Easing the Struggle. Uniting with Nature happens when we are
Surrender Your Addiction to Stress. Here is a surprisingly simple solution
7 Things You Should Never Do In Bed (And 2 You Definitely Should). It might be the cardinal rule of good sleep hygiene
What Makes You The Happiest. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Viktor Frankl on the Human Search for Meaning. Celebrated Austrian psychiatrist and Holocaust survivor Viktor Frankl, born on March 26, 1905, remains best-known for his
1 In 25 Patients Experience Infection Related To Hospital Stay, Report Shows. Earlier this month, the CDC issued a renewed call for appropriate use of antibiotics in hospitals, because improper use of
From Airlines To Hotels, A Quest To Help You Sleep. At Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts, new beds allow guests to play Goldilocks and choose one of three mattress toppers, from
Why Don't Nutrition Labels Include Percent Daily Value of Calories?. It's going to be flawed and confusing. That's what happens when an organization makes nutrition recommendations for 300 million different humans, all with different bodies and dietary needs.
Why a Grocery Store Likes Health Data. The CEO of a family-owned grocery store chain wrote a letter to New York State lawmakers to support $65 million worth of spending on a computer system for health information in the state.
Want More Happiness? It's Hidden in the Ordinary. The joy I end up feeling as I go to bed with every piece of laundry in its proper place always surprises me.  The task I hate most actually makes me happy when I do it in this ritualistic way.
Are You Willing to Let Go?. As I mentioned above, I am a survivor of childhood sexual abuse. I only disclosed this fact to family and friends a little
Alzheimer's Toll Continues to Rise as Research Reveals Startling New Facts on the Disease's Death Rate. A new study has revealed that there are more uncounted victims of Alzheimer's disease than previously expected.
Dirty Kids. To understand why I'm not too concerned about germs, and why you shouldn't be either, you need to grasp a concept called the \hygiene hypothesis,\ along with two other important hypotheses.
The Loneliness of the Sick Self-Tracker. If you're un-well, though, and managing a chronic condition, self-tracking can be a lonely sport. In the current health insurance
Death With Dignity. End-of-life care, and the subsequent decisions that are related to it, is a sensitive subject that must be handled with compassion and respect from all involved -- from family members to medical personnel.
Mind Games. Note
Don't Let Gluten-Free Become the Next Fat-Free. If you opt to eat a higher fat diet, make sure you are actually eating a lower-gluten, lower-carbohydrate diet; otherwise, you are just eating more, period, and excess calories convert to fat.
The Illusion of Logic. Temember that when you are using airtight logic to get what you want, poke a few holes in it to allow this other force to breathe. Allow the magic of the universe to weave its way through the fluid foundation you have built. Remain flexible as to how things are \supposed to\ happen. There's something bigger at play.
7 Ways to Avoid Loneliness. While we can connect somewhat with another intellectually, this is not what takes away loneliness. Loneliness vanishes when we connect with each other from our hearts.
Lights Go On Part XIV. Yes, it is true. Deep down, I do believe that anything is possible. From where and when did this belief appear to me?
Letters to Our Former Selves. I have embarked upon a quest to learn -- and hopefully to grow -- from the wisdom of my elders. The past is humanity's great equalizer, and we all have a story worth sharing.
8 Tips for Navigating Life's Transitions. Many of life's transitions are more difficult for people, especially transitions from childhood into puberty; marriage into divorce or widowhood; high school into college times, etc.  These important changes in life have a major impact on us and are tricky to navigate.  We can't avoid them.  One thing we know
March Into Your Weight-Loss Goals. Mindful eating allows you to take time to sit down and thoughtfully enjoy what you're eating. And experts believe that practicing mindful eating is likely to result in consumption of fewer calories than rushed meals or those on the go. Slow down to trim down!
The Art of Healing with Art & Medicine. http://newswire.fm/one_world/video.php?guest_id=134&srcid=huffington As a doctor focused on international health, Dr. Iva
12 Habits Of Productive People. We asked Pozen and Adam Grant, a professor of management at the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and author
How Many Times Today Did You Feel in a Rush?. I rush to get up, get my kid fed and to school and with all of the paraphernalia that is needed for that day. I rush to drop her off at school on time or at least to close to on time. I rush throughout the day to stay on time but I am often 30 to 60 minutes behind so I rush to catch up.
Do You Have an Angry Liver?. Located in the lower right quadrant of the abdomen, the liver is where health begins. It supports every system. It is the primary detoxifier for whatever we eat, inhale or absorb and it converts food to energy and stores it as glycogen.
Christ's Body Suffering on the Cross(Fit). The point is not that CrossFit is just for Christians. People from all faith traditions are represented at the CrossFit Games Open, including those of no faith. But the fact that Christianity is so openly aligned with the CrossFit community is remarkable.
Something From Nothing. Though Mom will never again be with me physically and I will never again open a present from her on a special holiday, I have received the most important gift she could ever give me
It Doesn't Matter What You Say. I learned that life isn't about how much money you earn. It isn't about your status, how many houses and cars you own. It is about how you roll when life hands you challenges -- because it will.  Trust me.
6 Things Recovery From an Eating Disorder Gave Me. An eating disorder is so terribly miserable, I would not even wish it on my worst enemy's cousin's tarantula. But over half of my life has been defined and ruled by this insidious illness, and as devastating as it has been, it has ultimately changed my life in a way for which I can only be thankful.
New Guideline Says Marijuana Pills Can Ease Some Multiple Sclerosis Symptoms. Magnetic therapy
Arianna Huffington Shares Her Meaning Of Success With Barbara Walters. \It is a huge delusion to think that in order to succeed, you have to drive yourself into the ground,\ said Arianna, addressing
No More Pap Smears?. Current guidelines recommend that if a woman has an abnormal Pap smear and an HPV test indicating that she has the types
Scientist Who Discovered Ebola Frustrated By Deadly Guinea Outbreak. Piot says he's saddened and frustrated by this and other outbreaks - partly because they should be easy to prevent, or at
The Process, Part 10. Unfortunately, my experience successfully losing weight to deal with diabetes is making not losing it now to deal with cancer much more difficult.
How to Thrive and Create Joy at Work. Given that most of us spend a large number of those days at work, work comes to color and shape our lives as a whole.
The Problem With Praising Someone's Results At The Gym. WHAT TREATMENTS HELP? \u201cThere are plenty of people who exercise regularly and sometimes excessively, who aren\u2019t addicted to
I'm Breaking Up With the Word 'Addict' and I Hope You'll Do the Same. \Addict'\ is one of those words that so many of us use, largely without pausing to wonder if we should. We just take for granted that it's totally OK to describe a human being with one word, \addict\ -- a word with overwhelmingly negative connotations to many people.
6 Ways To Make Your Breaks Truly Refreshing. These days, we\u2019re all suffering from an epidemic of busyness. Unless you\u2019re compelled by a lifelong habit (like, say, smoking
8 Nutritionists Share Their Food Diaries. While we're firm believers that the key to a healthy and happy diet is to enjoy everything in moderation (yes, we still want
Why Water Is So Good When You're Thirsty. 10 Things You Didn't Know About the Brain 6 Foods That Are Good for Your Brain 15 Weird Things Humans Do Every Day, and Why
My Addiction To Exercise Permanently Damaged My Body. But It Also Taught Me How To Love Myself. Exercise has always been an outlet for me. Whether heading to yoga after a long day at the office or jogging outdoors to
Weight-Loss Resistance and Choices. Weight, per se, is not a choice. Addressing the variable challenge of weight management with insight, understanding and compassion certainly is. It's a choice we should all be making.
For Physician Assistants, One Word Can Mean a Lot. Here's to a refined and modernized understanding of what PAs do, so we can better serve the millions of patients who are about to flood our medical system.
Poor Sleep Linked With Metabolic Disease. For instance, treatment of obstructive sleep apnea has been shown to improve metabolic health. And \much more common than
The Happiest Metro Area In America Is.... 9. San Francisco-Oakland-Fremont, Calif. The San Jose-Sunnyvale-Santa Clara metropolitan area in California received a score
Arianna's Third Metric. This is a blog series produced in partnership with One World, a video series with Deepak Chopra and\u00a0NEWSWIRE.FM.\u00a0To view
Concierge Medicine. What kind of treatment do the VIP patients get for the extra money they pay? The answer is, the exact same coverage they are entitled to through their regular insurance policy that they have already purchased.
Learning to Live in the Midst of Our Lives. Although we cannot shed life of its pressures, we can learn to ride the waves of the stress that comes and goes by first understanding the rationale behind our emotions, and then using simple practices to help center our body and mind.
Your Favorite Spring Scents Can Also Bring You Total Relaxation. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Blue Light Hazardous to Sleep, But Helpful to Daytime Functioning?. In our pursuit of energy efficiency, we're finding ourselves exposed to greater amounts of blue light than ever before. Blue light appears to be uniquely detrimental to our sleep. But can it also be singularly beneficial during to our waking lives?
How Strong Social Connections Can Help People With Depression. \We were able to find clear evidence that joining groups, and coming to identify with them, can alleviate depression,\ study
Thinking Of Getting A Pedicure? Beware The Health Risks First. Don't go in for a pedicure if you've just shaved your legs or if you have certain conditions. Make sure the metal tools they're
How To Exercise Outside With Spring Allergies. Cover your hair. Lynn says it's key to wear a hat so pollen doesn't stick to your hair. This is especially important for
8 Signs That You Are Standing in Your Own Way And What to Do About It. If we believe that we can't make it, we give up before we even have taken the first step. Failure is on the cards when we enter new territory, but with each try, we can learn how to improve. Eventually, we are going to succeed, if we are willing to embrace failure as a valuable experience to learn from.
These Green Hues Will Ignite Your Creative Side In Seconds. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
The Gifted Speaker -- I've Forgotten How to Breathe. And you're off. You've opened your speech, you've thanked your host, you've introduced your topic and right at the end of this run-on sentence you realize, you are out of air!
How To Ditch Multitasking For Better Productivity. Get into a routine. This can be helpful if you spend a good chunk of your day on the computer or working from home. Instead
Leave No (Kidney) Stone Unturned. March is National Kidney Month and the National Kidney Foundation encourages people to learn about the kidneys and kidney-related conditions, including kidney stones.
Training for the Olympics May Win You Medals, But These Activities Can Also Trigger Asthma Symptoms. Swimming, hockey and other winter outdoor sports are great fun even when you're not an Olympic athlete! However, engaging in these activities often can make you more prone to developing asthma symptoms.
One Mother Challenges Five Common Myths About Death and Dying. I do not subscribe to death, per se. Rather, I believe in transition... the transition of souls.
Destination Certification. I've long been a stickler for good form when it comes to strength-training exercises, and I've written about it to boot. But I've been a zoned-out runner for as long as I can remember. Now, I'm learning more about what exactly to think about, and the consequences of not doing so.
'If The Right People Pay Attention, Anything Can Happen' -- Like Beating Heart Disease in Women. Thanks to Wenzel, Variety and the American Heart Association partnered to hold a \Women in Entertainment\ luncheon in Los Angeles on Thursday. It was a chance for powerful women in the entertainment industry to hear her story for the first time and to use it as a call to action.
Cancer Has Made Me Socially Awkward. When I do meet new people here, and this is a direct consequence of cancer
The Situations Worth Putting Down Your Phone For. These days, when couples go out to eat together, the first thing they do is pull out their devices, if they are not already in their clutches, and place them on the table between each other.
Going South for Match Day. So as another Match Day has passed, let us make sure we get one message across as clearly as we can
Ohio Mumps Outbreak Up To 56 Reported Cases. March 24 (Reuters) - Some 56 cases of mumps have been reported in Ohio in an outbreak that started at Ohio State University
The Murmur of Life. That our heart can receive and hold anything and that we feel that the intensity of living is too much to bear is a paradox we can only live into. Under what is both unbearable and endlessly uplifting is the murmur of life.
Ketamine's Rapid Effects in Depression and OCD. Because ketamine has FDA approval, it can be prescribed legally by any physician. In fact, there are multiple private clinics advertising ketamine infusions, for a fee. But ketamine is still in an early stage of development for depression and OCD. I have my concerns and we need more evidence for its safe use in individuals suffering from these mental illnesses.
Diet and Health. Giving up favored foods involves the pain of heavy lifting -- trading up foods does not. But doing so either requires legitimate reformulations by food manufacturers, or our ability to make better choices among what's currently available -- or both.
Link Found Between Tobacco Smoke And Kids' Allergies. Secondhand smoke exposure was associated with a 6 percent increased risk for allergic dermatitis in children and teenagers
Few With Hearing Problems Actually Use Hearing Aids, British Study Shows. Those most likely to have hearing loss were older people, those with a history of working where they were exposed to noise
Zulily Q&A With Arianna Huffington On 'Thrive'. Arianna Huffington\u2019s memoir, Thrive, is out today and we were able to talk with her about her inspiration for the book, tips
Quarterly Yearnings. SAN MATEO, Calif. -- Jennifer L. Glass Corp. (Ticker
Thriving With My Birds. The moments I spend enjoying my birdss -- and yes, talking to them, to my teenage sons' eternal mortification -- are moments out of time, the moments that Arianna Huffington tells us to create and treasure if we hope to thrive.
Why You Can't Get Enough Sleep. There are many important reasons to get enough sleep every night; not only does sleep help keep you slim, but it also helps
Why You Should Get Your Blood Pressure Checked In Both Arms. \Blood pressure is easily obtained in an office setting, and our findings support recommendations for measurement of blood
Are You Thriving or Just Surviving?. Today's rat race has turned into a hyper-connected web of technology -- being connected to email and social media seven days
Spider Bite Reaction Leads To Rash On Man's Arms, Torso And Thighs. The man didn\u2019t get better, and developed pinhead-sized bumps on his forearms. The bumps spread to cover most of his body
10 Things to Consider if Your Ex-Wife Has Breast Cancer. If\u00a0you're estranged, bury the hatchet. It's a chance to clean your lenses. She's the mother of your kids and if anything happens to her,\u00a0your children\u00a0will be devastated. Do it for them.
The Yoga Mat. Your yoga practice doesn't ask for much. For the most part, as long as you show up, your practice is happy. But there's just one thing your yoga practice is begging you for this year, and I hope you'll indulge it. For the love of god, get a new yoga mat.
How Kindness Will Change Your Life and the World. What is the point of being kind to a stranger or an enemy? Kindness can change your life and change the world.
When Did Alcohol Become a Part of Everything We Do?. It sometimes amazes me that I enjoy life so much sober. I don't have anything against people drinking. I think some things should remain innocent and wholesome. Time with kids is one of them.
Liquid Nicotine In E-Cigarettes Could Be Deadly. Based on anecdotal evidence, e-cigarettes are commonly believed to be a \u201chealthier\u201d alternative to traditional tobacco cigarettes
You Are Never Truly Alone. Seize the beautiful opportunity that the feeling of loneliness can be the catalyst for
Doing This Could Make You More Motivated To Exercise. Remember that time your exercise class had awesome music and fun gear -- and left you feeling like you had a thorough workout
10 Steps to Help You Balance Tasks and Relationships. The sooner we can learn to find balance when we are amid a season of nothing, the easier it becomes to transfer this idea of balance to handle both tasks and relationships during a season of everything, especially when all hell breaks loose.
5 Critical Ways Loss Disrupts Our Lives. Recovering from loss takes time but there are ways to treat our psychological injuries. Caring for our emotional wounds will help accelerate the recovery process so we emerge from our loss with our lives, identities, relationships, and beliefs intact.
5 Easy Nutrition Tips for Healthy Living. Rather than allowing for old habits to creep back in, try to focus your nutrition on the health benefits your will receive from eating well rather than placing all of the focus on aesthetic goals. By focusing on your long term health, you will be more likely to stick to your healthy habits.
Is Snoring Dangerous?. By Sanjay Gupta, M.D. More from Everyday Health
Burn Cals and Tone It All in Just 5 Minutes. With this the no-excuses routine, you'll squeeze in a killer head-to-toe, fat-blasting workout no matter how busy you are.
Stop Waiting and Start Living. In this video, Eckhart Tolle talks about how many of us spend our lives waiting for the next moment. We believe the next
7 Reasons To Love Spring. It's only coincidence that the first day of spring and International Day of Happiness happened to fall on the same day this
10 Steps to 'Living in the Moment'. In a nutshell, to live in the moment means to be centered and focused on a single situation. Not so easy when things are not going our way, and especially when we're also being pulled in a dozen digital directions at once.
We Tried It. At this age group, the goal is without a doubt more activity. But because it's also essentially a HIIT workout, which we know burns calories and fat while improving fitness levels, even adults could benefit from a little CrossFit for kids.
Be a Superhero. There are only 10 more days left in the open enrollment. This is a call to action to reach out to people you know who are not covered and encourage them to at least check it out. Most likely they too will be surprised by how easy and affordable it is.
If Your App Tells You to Eat Less and Exercise More. Solutions will not come automatically, but given how successfully devices such as a cell phone have changed the life style of billions of people, there is no reason to think it cannot be done. After all, we no longer rely on a rooster to wake us up.
7 Fruits and Vegetables to Enjoy During National Nutrition Month. While of course, it is important to eat foods that are nutritious, taste is a key reason why people choose to eat what they do. Pairing good nutrition with great taste creates a win-win situation.
Could Teaching People How To Lead A Healthy Lifestyle Protect Against Depression?. Teaching people at risk for depression how to lead a healthier life through their eating habits could have the same effect
6 Spring Superfoods We're Excited To Enjoy. No matter how much it feels like this winter will never, ever end, March 20 marked the official first day of spring. (We
How Did You Know That You Wanted to Be a Doctor?. As an adolescent, I had romantic notions on the life of a physician. The self-fulfillment and gratification that comes with being a healer appealed to me in an instinctual way. Years from where I started, there's less prestige and even less glory. But there's more honor than I could've imagined.
Deepak Chopra Talks Difference Between Money And Wealth. \Wealth is a state of consciousness which allows you to tap into the experience of abundance,\ the author, HuffPost blogger
Self-Administered Psoriasis Drug Effective In Late-Stage Trials. \It is important that people living with psoriasis, a chronic skin disease, have highly effective and safe treatments they
How Did Sleep Become So Nightmarish?. My experience with insomnia began when I was 6 or 7, though I didn't recognize it as such. In those days, I thought of it
Sharpen Your Saw. Ongoing Process of Sharpening The Saw Sharpening The Saw is an ongoing process of personal change -- not something you can
How to Deal With Emotional Eating. There are still going to be times when you overeat junk food when you are feeling down. Don't beat yourself up about it or use it as an excuse to give up all together. Learn from it, focus on what caused it, move on and start again.
Coming Clear. Even a single paperclip or hairball has the potential to change our lives. Would you like to lighten your load right now? Consider this simple clearing practice.
Ayurveda and the Importance of Sex. Keep in mind, though, that taking the survey is the easy part. That's sounds a tad slim to me. I'm a dedicated yogi but I'm
Want to Stay Forever Young?. When Bob Dylan first sang this over 40 years ago, who thought the words would mean anything? I mean, we WERE young and were
Ayurveda and Yoga for Kapha Season. Intense Stretch of the Front of the Body Pose (Purvottanasana) If you have a regular pranayama practice you should be doing
Woman's 'Dying' Fingertips Saved By Nerve Surgery. After the surgery, the woman's hand became warm and moist \u2014 a sign of increased blood flow in the arteries in her hands. \It's
Fungus Fight! Weird Treatment Could Defeat Thrush. Top 10 Mysterious Diseases Body Bugs
Investigators Still Baffled By Polio-Like Illness In California Children. \Although poliovirus has been eradicated from most of the globe, other viruses can also injure the spine, leading to a polio
10 Tips for Restless Leg Syndrome. The restless symptoms typically strike when you're lying in bed at night, but in more serious cases, they can also flare up in the daytime, such as when you're sitting for a long period of time. So what can you do about RLS? Here are 10 tips.
Hey! Come Closer... Here's THE Secret to a Fabulous Life. Let me spill the beans right up front
Optimal Health and Health Disparity. We know there are differences between groups of people in America that affect how often a disease affects them. Race or ethnicity
The Ripple Effect. I sat in my supervisor's office and wiped away my tears as Karen told me that yes, the memory of that entire week was already gone. She had seen many families torn apart by Alzheimer's and now here I was, going through the same thing.
Calming the Inner Chaos. People are flawed, but flaws are pathways to growth and character so embrace them. Do not let the negative behavior of others, negatively impact yours. Always choose love, even when it's the harder choice.
Fit Links. Take an anti-diet moment with Fit Bottomed Girls and focus on what's really important. Even if you're not a SoulCycle regular
Knowing When to Say TTYL8R as We Navigate the World of Digital Communication. Be it through modern or old-fashioned communication methods, we are all trying to provide information, convey empathy, express love, longing and frustration. To connect.
5 Easy Tricks to Bust Out of a Bad Mood. You can either make or break your own happiness. And while sometimes it isn't easy, no matter the circumstances, you can choose to be happy -- or at least not miserable.
When Health Care Outcomes Are Determined Outside of Health Care. It's time to start thinking about innovation in health care not just as some new fancy machine or surgical technique, but also as how we identify, approach and work with vulnerable people so there is less need to treat them as acute patients.
Florida's Supreme Court Finally Takes a Stand for Victims of Medical Malpractice. As a Florida personal injury attorney who has worked hard to help injured patients and their families, I believe that this decision comes 11 years too late.
You Are Right Where You Are Supposed To Be. Reach into your soul's pocket and embrace that wisdom that is now yours
Got Some Downtime? Meditate On The Present Moment. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Regular Exercise Could Help Protect Your Sight. Researchers found associations between visual impairment after the 20-year follow-up period and certain lifestyle behaviors
Do You Have Math Anxiety? Maybe This Is Why. But the study does show that \if you have these genetic risk factors for math anxiety and then you have negative experiences
Chronically Employed. When I was diagnosed with primary immune deficiency and dysautonomia -- diseases which complicated every part of my immune and autonomic nervous system -- I thought my career was over. I would have to rely on the system to support me for the rest of my life. And I was only twenty-years-old.
Talking to Yourself. Think of talking to yourself as a tool to coach yourself through a challenge, or to narrate your own experiences to yourself. In any case, treat yourself with respect and you just may find you enjoy your own company.
Reset Breakfast for Better Health. We tend to forget that there's nothing fresh about boxed cereals. Who knows when the wheat berries or oats that were used in our cereals were harvested? Was it last month, or last year? What about the flour that was used? When exactly were those grains milled? Freshness is usually one of the best signs of nutrient-density, not to mention flavor.
8 Ancient Beliefs Now Backed By Modern Science. Meditation can help you reduce stress and discover inner peace. This ancient Chinese martial art is based on the belief that
Sugar Kills! How Do We Decrease Consumption?. Our advice could be simple
I Wrote My Will at 26. My family had given me so much, and I didn't want to leave them without giving them something in return. But the only thing of real value I could give away were the emotions I felt for the people who would read my letter after I was gone. I would leave them with a message of undying love.
Why Rich Women Don't Get Fat. When it comes to how income affects weight\u2014and how weight affects income\u2014men and women generally experience inverse effects
The Hidden Cost of Fitting In. Many of us spend our lives twisting ourselves into shapes and postures that are unnatural and uncomfortable in hopes of gaining acceptance from others whose approval we desire. We may contort ourselves into shapes that are entirely unnatural for us.
15-Minute Super-Toning Stair Circuit. Got 15 minutes? Hit the stairs and knock out these super-effective lower-body firm and burn moves. Even better? Some of these work your upper body, too.
The Power of Today. Today is a day unlike any other. It's a one-of-a-kind, never-to-come-again, potentially life-defining window of time that's only available for the next 24 hours.
Caution. My advanced diagnosis within weeks of a normal mammography result is not an isolated incident. It is unconscionable to withhold dense breast tissue from the 40 percent of women who have it.
How Happiness Became A Cultural Obsession. \There are snake oil salesmen in the business world who are making massive amounts of money by selling positive psychology
27 Things You Need To Know About Happiness. It's a choice. Happiness And Age | Create Infographics Music can elevate your happiness. Upbeat music = upbeat mindset? According
Too Much Negative and Positive Emotion Can Damage the Heart. Emotions can have a huge effect on our physical health. For optimal heart health and well-being, it is important to learn how to manage and balance our emotions, both negative and positive.
What Are The 5 Most Addictive Behaviors Known To Science?. By Jacqueline Detwiler Gambling Sex Though scientists quibble over the existence of this one (what would shopping tolerance
Mindfulness Meditation Could Reduce Drug User Relapse. Meditation for addiction About 40 to 60 percent of people who undergo addiction treatment relapse within one year after their
Running As Therapy. I started distance running in 2007 because, in the short space of six months, the person I was dating left me for another
Big Measles Outbreaks Linked To Troubling Trend. A recent measles outbreak at a religious preschool in Vancouver with a vaccination rate of nearly zero points to a troubling
Letter to My Brother Six Feet Under. I wish I had been able to recognize and deal with my alcoholism before you died. I wish we could have gotten sober together. I wish I could have been the sister I should have been. I wish we could share recovery together. I wish you didn't have to die for me to acknowledge my own addiction.
Success Is Abundance Within. In my life as a TV boss, I had an abundance of power -- or that's what people thought I had. That's what they wanted to meet me for. Of course, all I had was an image of power in their heads, nothing more. Real power is rooted somewhere much deeper.
Ancient Anti-Aging Secret Revealed. Meditation can lift you up if you let it. It lightens your burdens, and in a way it gives you a facelift, too! You'll be smiling more, stressing less and walking with a little more pep in your step. You feel better, and because of this, you look better, too. The peace of mind literally shows on your face.
Trust the Changes. Change happens in every moment. Not just the events of our lives, but the cells in our bodies, our thoughts streaming by, our moods shifting with the tides, even our sense of who we are and where we are going.
Can Sleep Science Help You Pick a Perfect March Madness Bracket?. As a sleep specialist, helping elite athletes deal with sleep and travel is what I do for a living. Trying to minimize the effects of cross-country travel and sleeping away from home can be a monumental task for some players and regardless of the techniques we use to minimize these obstacles, they are nonetheless always present.
There Is Absolutely a Point to Unplugging. It's my belief that the point of \unplugging movement\ isn't to completely tear us away from our devices -- in fact, it's quite the opposite. The point of disconnecting from our devices and reconnecting to the world around us is to remind us that there is a world outside of our screens -- and as a result, there's a way to come back to them and use them in a more mindful manner.
Move of the Day. Performing this one move each day will add up and you will begin to see noticeable changes in your body and an improved mental focus!
Psychotherapy? Medication? Both? Neither?. On paper, two individuals may appear to be suffering from seemingly identical problems.  But as I hope to demonstrate, decisions about treatment recommendations can only competently emerge from a careful assessment of the very particular individual, beyond how problems may appear on the surface.
Supporting Those Who Grieve. Do you ever wonder what you can or should do for a friend or family member after they have experienced the death of someone close to them? Should you mention the person who died? Will it upset them if you do? How do you find the words to express your condolences?
4 Ways to Have A Happy Day (And Life) in Your Body. Popular advertising depicts that happiness comes in the form of flat abs, wrinkle-free skin or the right clothes that make you cool, hip, and happening. Thankfully, none are necessary for happiness. How about celebrating your body just as it is -- a perfect doorway to happiness?
10 Happy Ways to Celebrate the International Day of Happiness. Being kind rather than critical towards yourself boosts happiness more than anything else I know. If you do one thing today, do this. Wish yourself well. Treat yourself as kindly as you would a small child.
5 Reasons Vegetarian Living Is Financially Savvy. You might think that a vegetarian lifestyle would be hard on your wallet. But by keeping it simple and being a little creative, you may actually be able to save.
Infections Caused By Kind Of Antibiotic-Resistant Bacteria Increasing In Children, Though Still Rare. Childhood infections caused by a specific kind of antibiotic-resistant bacteria have increased over the last 10 years, though
3 Simple Tips to Live Out Your Yoga Practice. Santa Monica yoga instructor Amy Lombardo may be one of the most in-demand teachers to the stars, but her practice is deeply rooted in the spirit of service.
Be Your Own Advocate (If You Don't, Who Will?). Raise your hand. Ask questions. Listen to your gut. And when in doubt, check it out. You're worth it. Wouldn't you rather risk having someone think you ask an awful lot of questions than to find yourself laying on your death bed wishing you'd spoken up when you had that bad feeling?
Why 'Do What You Love' Is About More Than You Might Think. \Do what you love\ is not about a job, a passion, or the money, and it is not classist. Our industrial society may have trained us to think that way, but we can change that. DWYL is the right of every human being born on this planet.
100 Little Blessings. For Martha... Honeybees The fragrance of flowers Kisses from children That special laughter that is genuine and loving Rain
Bren\u00e9 Brown Explains The Importance Of Laughter In ORIGIN Magazine. Interviewer
This Chart Will Take You From Grumpy To Happy In Just A Few Minutes. Dogs, babies and Beyonc\u00e9... what else does anyone need in order to turn their mood around? Whether it's puppies playing in
Trying To Cut Back On Salt? Focus On Spices During Cooking. Then, 40 of the participants from the first half of the study took part in the second half of the study. Twenty were assigned
This Is What 100 Days Of Happiness Looks Like. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
10 Things to Give Up Right Now If You Want to Be Happy. It is time to own your true worth and step up to the plate called your life. Don't settle for anything, anyone or any place. Your future self will thank you. Repeat this manta
After the Fall. It's easier to go down the rabbit hole than it is to pull yourself out of it. And on the way up, you may stumble (literally). It took a helpless fall for me to take control of my own life -- and to speak up and fight for myself instead of sitting back and letting the drama floating around get the best of me.
To the Person in a Hurry. I'm sure you were in a hurry. I'm sure you thought you could make it across the busy street. The street covered in morning traffic, in unplowed, powdery snow.
Do You Have Grit?. Have you ever wanted to give up on something that you really, really wanted because it was just too darn hard to keep trying? You can't run one more step, write one more word, endure one more dead end? Join the club.
Happiness, Guaranteed. When I'm vulnerable and honest, I relax and the dynamic shifts to a few imperfect humans sharing and connecting. When I interact from my ego, I'm insecure and competitive and ultimately alone. When I interact authentically, vulnerably, from my heart, I'm most connected.
30 Things I've Learned on the Eve of My 30th Birthday. Being gentle and kind are the ultimate virtues. To everyone I've encountered in these 30 years, because I knew you, I have been changed for good and humbled by it all.
10 Things Highly Intuitive People Do Differently. Mind reading may seem like the stuff of fantasy and pseudo-science, but it's actually something we do everyday. It's called
12 Ideas for a Simpler and Better Today. Make giving back a constant goal. This could be something big or small but just make giving a part of your life. Life is short so why not try to make it the best life you can? Living intentionally and living simpler often means we live better. Embrace the power of simpler living.
How to Thrive in Love. Those of us who want to thrive in love have a new tool. When a new couple comes in for counseling, we usually give them a copy of Conscious Loving to read (or re-read) before the next session; now we'll also give them a copy of Thrive and say, \Read this one first.\
A Simplifed, Actionable Nutrition Message. The key to a sustainable healthy diet is to balance eating for enjoyment with eating for nourishment. But how do you drown out all the confusing noise and figure out what to eat in your day-to-day life?
New Noninvasive Colorectal Cancer Screening Test Is Effective In Large Trial. However, they also found that Cologuard seemed to be associated with more false positive results -- where a test result would
Decrease Anxiety With ... A Smartphone Game?. Some of the participants played a version of the game that was meant to evoke the attention-bias modification training, while
Everything You Need To Know About Migraines (In Under 4 Minutes!). If the video's lesson is new to you, let it serve as a reminder not to tell a sufferer, \I get headaches, too.\ Former Huffington
Measles Outbreak Now Up To 20 Cases In New York City. The United States was thought to have eradicated measles in 2000, but the number of reported outbreaks has grown in recent
Would You Know If You Were Having A Stroke?. The study, published in the journal Stroke and presented at a meeting of the American Heart Association, also showed that
Gateway to Curing Mental Illness. When we can see the millions of young people and adults among us who live with brain disorders through a lens of compassion, radical shifts in innovation and funding will undoubtedly unfold. My family is ready for action.  Are you?
The Process, Part 9. But everything I eat has the same bitter/sour/just-plain-bad taste and my brain demands I stop immediately whenever I try
Eckhart Tolle on How We Lose Inner Peace. How easily do you lose your inner peace? For example, do you become irritated while standing in a long line at the market
The Well. I spent my days staring into the darkness of the well walls. If I stared long enough, shapes would form out of them. I focused and unfocused my eyes. I saw squares and circles and triangles. They were everywhere.
Happiness Now. As the stresses of society approach critical mass, and conversations like The Third Metric gain momentum, even entire countries are adopting measures for well-being and gross national happiness. Join the global movement to expand the happiness in your life and in the lives of those around you.
VIDEO. Many people might have an anxiety disorder without realizing it. Here are some hidden signs of the most common mental health
Fried Foods' Effects May Be Greater In People With Obesity Genes. In addition, fried food consumption is linked with other adverse health effects, such as an increased risk of cardiovascular
Role Of 'Good' And 'Bad' Fats For Heart Health Questioned In New Study. By Cari Nierenberg, Contributing writer Published
Tamiflu Saved Lives During Swine Flu Pandemic, Roche-Backed Study Says. The value of such stockpiles has since been fiercely debated, with some researchers from the Cochrane Collaboration, a non
Back Pain. With office workers sitting on the average of six hours a day, it's no wonder that back pain is the most common cause of disability. Simple strengthening and stretching exercises can help reduce back pain occurrences and prevent future incidents.
The Power of Imperfect Starts. When you have a goal -- whether it's starting a business or eating healthier or traveling the world -- it's easy to look at someone who is already doing it and then try to reverse engineer their strategy. In some cases, this is really useful. Learning from the experiences of successful people is a great way to accelerate your own learning curve.
Meet The Successful People Stepping Back, Taking Stock And Letting Go. The daily grind. Slogging through. Just getting by. There\u2019s a reason why so many of the words and phrases we reach for to
Army Wife Loses 100 Pounds, Surprises Husband Returning From Afghanistan. Misty's total weight loss ranges from 100 to 150 pounds, depending on which starting weight is used. At her heaviest, reports
Chronic Sleep Loss Could Lead To Loss Of Brain Neurons, Mice Study Suggests. Researchers from the University of Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine and Peking University found that chronic sleep
What It Really Means To Go The Extra Mile For Someone. There are everyday, ordinary, unassuming people everywhere who demonstrate the joy of offering assistance without expecting
4 Good Ways to Cope With Fear. We don't want to live in a world where planes go missing. It's terrifying. How do we cope with modern threats to our world? How do we calm our worried minds?
Move of the Day. Incorporate this \move of the day\ into your regular exercise regimen or just take a few minutes to give it a try. Each day will be a different move so you can do each one back to back or individually. Performing this one move each day will add up and you will begin to see noticeable changes in your body and an improved mental focus!
Amazing Simple Technology Could Help Cancer Patients Keep Their Hair. Breast cancer doctors at UCLA Medical Center are testing a new device that could make a huge difference in how patients react
Some Brain Scans For Headaches May Be Unnecessary, Study Suggests. Brain scans for headache or migraine are ordered to rule out a brain tumor, aneurysm or arteriovenous malformation. But just
San Francisco Is The Latest City To Restrict E-Cigarettes Under Anti-Smoking Laws. Unusually late to the bandwagon, San Francisco\u2019s e-cigarette regulations will trail restrictions already passed in Los Angeles
Mindful Medicine. This is what Mindful Medicine is
Lights Go On Part XIII. When I was a kid, I believed that if I changed my thoughts from negative to positive, that I would change my physical being
A Meditation To Treat Our Smartphone Addictions. Sunim points to the subway as an indication of our collective culture of distraction -- a form of addictive behavior, he
Spring Cleaning Your Kitchen? Break Up With These Foods ASAP. Extend your organizational tear into the kitchen and kick these items -- full of salt, sugar, fat and other unhealthy stuff -- to the curb.
Heart Disease Death Risk May Be Lower For Married Women. \Spousal influences on behavior may encourage healthier lifestyles, or there may be negative changes in lifestyle after divorce
Why in the World Do We Need an International Day of Happiness, Anyway?. Why should rabid capitalists like us care about anyone's happiness but our own? Think of it as enlightened self interest. Dozens of studies in the past few years all reach the same basic conclusion on this point -- happiness is achievable, and a happy society is more profitable.
These 'Gross' Things Are Actually Pretty Harmless. Ingesting insects is so harmless that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration allows certain levels of \insect filth\ -- including
New Medical Device for Migraine Headaches. Cefaly is the first medical device authorized by the FDA for the prevention of migraine type of headaches.
A Body's Betrayal. Twenty-year-old Brynn suffers from a disease that could debilitate most people, but Brynn finds healing and purpose in educating others about her life-threatening and incurable illness called mast cell disease.
Phil Jackson and Mindfulness. The winningest NBA coach ever uses mindful awareness as a leadership principle?! Maybe Phil Jackson's onto something. Jackson's mindful principles can be applied to any group effort, whether it be a sports team, in a corporate setting, or at home with your family.
How To Choose The Best Personal Trainer For You. There's no doubt about it; exercising regularly with an expert running the show is good for you. Research shows working with
The New Dietary Fat Study. No, it is not suddenly good to eat more saturated fat -- and the new study grabbing headlines showed no such thing. The study, a meta-analysis in the Annals of Internal Medicine, shows the following two things in particular
True Confessions. \u2022 Be soft in your movement. Drop the hard core workouts for those that bring you into your body in the soft, deeply feminine
Why You Should Never Make Your Bed. You can't ever get more time. Spend it wisely. As you do everything you do today, ask yourself why you are doing it.
10 Things You Didn't Know You Could Be Allergic To - CNN.com. 10 things you didn't know you could be allergic to Read more on www.cnn.com
Drugmakers Race To Develop Injectable Biotech Asthma Drugs. GSK hopes to get a commercial edge by being ahead of the pack, but the company acknowledges that picking the right drug for
More Muscle Could Help You Live Longer. More from RxWiki
Yoga To Turn A Bad Day Around. By Heidi Kristoffer for Shape.com Have you ever felt like you woke up on the wrong side of the bed and that was the best
6 Ways To Clear Your Mind From All The Clutter. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Drexel University Student Who Died From Meningitis Was Infected With Princeton Strain. The meningitis outbreak at Princeton prompted a mass vaccination of students at the university. Even though all students
Nearly Half Of Americans Believe In Medical Conspiracy Theories. Twenty percent agreed with the statement
Shaving My Head Before Chemo. Sure, I was scared, and I cried when I was trying to build up the courage to do it, but doing this put me back in control.
5 Ways to Make Time for Your Passion. Before we are employees, parents, spouses and friends, we are individuals. Our gifts and talents, the ones we reveled in exploring as a child, are still as present as they ever were. They just lie dormant within us hoping for release. It is our obligation to make them a priority like we do our workouts, our careers and the people we love.
The Pain of the Unknown. For many, a big source of anxiety involves living with daily pain but doing so without a clear-cut diagnosis or understanding to explain why. There is a strong inherent need within us to be able to put a label on things, and when we can't do so, this becomes unsettling.
5 Foam Rolling Mistakes To Avoid. The fix
Contagious Yawning May Be Linked To Age, Not Empathy, Study Suggests. In the new study, published in PLOS One, 328 participants were tested on a number of measures of cognition, emotion and fatigue
Is 'Work-Life Balance' a Dangerous Lie?. Most executives come and go like drones. Their towering self-importance -- to which all of society sadly contributes -- is only matched by their imminent and nearly instantaneous irrelevance.
For Heart Failure Patients, Shortness Of Breath While Bending Over Could Be A Sign Something's Wrong. They cautioned that \bendopnea\ is not a risk factor for heart failure, so the findings don't apply to people who do not
Got Cancer. There is really nothing that can prepare you for a cancer diagnosis. It is a shocking and momentary devastation that is overwhelming on so many different levels -- physically, emotionally and spiritually. But perhaps the greatest challenge is identifying the immediate logistical next steps of what a diagnosis means while you are trying to process these levels.
Is Meditation The Path To True Happiness?. ) Can meditation help us to achieve lasting personal happiness? According to the Seon Buddhist tradition, the answer is yes
5 Quirky Ways to Shape Up. Anytime you put something in the microwave, do a wall-sit until your food is ready. The beauty of this challenge is that it varies. Melting butter for a recipe? A quick 20-second sit. Making popcorn? 2.5-minute sit. You'll be feeling like a pro in no time.
Treadmill Desks Burn Calories And Boost Work Performance, Study Suggests. Treadmill desks may not only help employees burn calories while at work -- using them could also, over time, improve productivity
My Friend, Reed. I first met Reed in the late '80s as we both attended high school in Bismarck, ND. From the moment I met Reed, I knew something was unique and special about the man.
37 Science-Backed Tips For Better Sleep Tonight. 32. Get checked for sleep apnea. It's possible that your snoring could be a sign of sleep apnea, a potentially-harmful sleep
On Kick Butts Day, Let's Commit to Making Tobacco History. As part of my job, I'm frequently on the go, traveling all across the country. I love interacting with people from coast to coast and seeing which trends are taking over which areas. Sadly, no matter where I go, there's one constant
Struck By Hindsight. Hindsight can, and usually does, help one gain a whole new perspective. I'm presently feeling somewhat anxious and overwhelmed by some of my hindsight.
7 Things Resilient Couples Do Differently. When a relationship hits a rough patch, it can be easy to think pessimistically. Thinking optimistically isn't about rainbows and unicorns, rather, it's about being realistic. Optimistic thinkers are able to identify solutions that haven't yet been tried. In addition, optimistic thinkers zero in on what they can control, influence or leverage.
Alison Sweeney's Sculpting Workout For Spring. By Amy Spencer When she's not busy filming \The Biggest Loser\, Alison Sweeney is busy writing books (her second, Scared
Chemicals in Everyday Products Can Ruin Your Health. Chemicals in your household products may be negatively affecting your hormones, says a recent study by the World Health Organization. The exposure happens on a daily basis from being in contact with items like soap, shampoo, cleaners, drinking water, food and plastic containers.
The 8 Life Lessons I Learned From '70s TV Shows. The more we got to see the Fonz interacting with the Cunninghams the more we realized that being tough and cool only counted for so much. What really mattered was surrounding yourself with people you love and that love you back.
13 Yoga Pet Peeves That Totally Wreck Your Zen. 5. Coming with your significant other and flaunting your oh-so-toned pair of bodies. We get it, you're both super fit and
12 Secrets From People Who Found Their Own Paths To Success. After failing to get rid of a mysterious, fist-sized rash on his chest, the otherwise healthy and physically fit Christian
Getting Unstuck Along the Way. Sometimes the hardest thing to do is the easiest thing to do. For me, it comes down to quieting the mind by emptying the mind of distractions. I remind myself that solutions appear in the moment when I'm grounded and attuned to what I most need to hear or discover.
Mindfully Remembering That the Present Moment Is All We Have. Someday, for each of us, there will be no tomorrow. At that moment, we will have proved, completely and without any doubt, that all we have is the present moment. The trick is getting to that realization well before we take our final breath.
Age Is So Much More than Just a Number!. With age come wisdom, courage, humility, compassion, patience and heart-healing laughter. We have earned every line on our faces because they reflect the passions of willing hearts and souls that have done some real living and are so much the richer for it.
How to Stop Worrying. Worry is fear, not love. Your imagination is too creative and expansive to waste on worry. The people in your life are too precious to worry about, send them loving energy and positive thoughts instead. Your time is too precious to waste on fear-based thoughts.
Pain Is Not Redeemed by Art. I've been a writer all my life, and a visual artist, too. When I was in private practice, I used creative tools with my psychotherapy
Data Fail! How Google Flu Trends Fell Way Short. \Sometimes small amounts of data, if it's the right data, can be even more informative,\ Golder said. Google Flu Trends, an
Re-Thinking Intelligence. We could learn to think ahead so that we would consider consequences, as it is said by Native American elders:, \seven generations
Helpful Nutrition Resources. In honor of National Nutrition Month, I wanted to provide a few nutrition resources I found to be educational. Whether you are looking to change up your patterns, try something new or your clinical status dictates a change, these books are a good start to moving in a healthier direction.
Sorting The Science Of Sugar, Salt And Supplements. The discussion emphasized the importance of knowing how much sugar is in foods. Hu noted that Americans typically consume
The Gifted Speaker -- It's Not a Question. What does up-inflecting mean? It means you are ending your statements with a question mark. Why is that a problem? It's a problem because now you sound unsure. Furthermore, you are unsure even about your name.
Omega-3 Supplements Don't Seem To Protect Against Heart Disease. Nevertheless, omega-3 supplements have sold more than $25 billion in 2011, and their market is estimated to grow 15 percent
Teens More Likely To Drive Drunk After Riding With Intoxicated Drivers. In the study, the researchers evaluated data collected from about 2,500 high-school students in the U.S. over a three-year
The Root Causes Behind Many Health Problems May Surprise You - NationalJournal.com. You think it's only medical care that influences your health? The real truth is all around you. Read more on National Journal
How We Are Failing Our Children When It Comes to Their Future Happiness. How might the world shift in profound ways if all kids studied the basics of happiness for even one semester in school?
We Tried It. Think of it as Zumba meets the yoga mentality. If you're not one that's already on board with the whole positive mantra-reciting thing, it can be hard to get into it. But it's definitely a work out, so expect to sweat profusely and feel your heart rate rise.
Thinking About Cutting Back on Soda? Try Monday. What's that one measly can of soda a day -- your afternoon treat -- really going to do? Quite a bit, according to many leading health organizations.
How Many Fast Food Restaurants Do You Pass On Your Way To Work? Why It Might Matter. There was an association between grams of fast food consumed each day and exposure to fast food restaurants. People who were
30 Ways To Do The Things You Love Without Your Smartphone. 18. Pick up an instrument. By stepping away from the Rock Band and grabbing a real guitar, you could be doing wonders for
5 Things Preventing You From Attracting Your Beloved. Is your primary intent in being in a relationship to get love, or is it to share your love with your beloved? If it's to get love -- due to your own self-abandonment -- then your challenge in attracting your beloved is to learn to love yourself and share your love.
5 Ways Working Moms Can Get the Best Sleep Ever. Regardless of whether this lack of shut-eye is voluntary or not, as time goes on it negatively impacts you mentally, physically and emotionally. The more you know about sleep and your own individual patterns, the better equipped you are to deal with sleep interruptions and learn to wake fully refreshed after a night of quality sleep.
Plunge In Preschool Obesity? Not So Fast, Experts Say. Until then, said Einstein's Kabat, \there are many reasons to think the 43 percent claim is shaky.\ (Reporting by Sharon
The Habits of Happy People. So many people worry about what is beyond their control. Next time you catch yourself thinking this way, turn it around and think about what you can control. Take action rather than being a victim of circumstance and your own negative thinking.
Redefining Success. I've redefined my own success to mean being relevant to people who need my help, giving more than I take, and living life on my own terms. The letters behind my name and my rank within a company just don't matter.
Can't Fall Asleep? Try This. Some things in life are necessary, like food, water and shelter. But, to be reasonably content human beings, we need a few
What's Worse. Even the best health advice can leave us with some enduring conundrums. We know how important sleep is, so do we get up early
ARVD. If it could happen to a professional athlete, it could happen to me.  I called the cardiologist the very next day and I was scheduled to have my ICD implanted.
Convenience Stores. Is it possible to save our teens from the adverse health impacts of sugary drink consumption without destroying the livelihood of the C-store shopkeeper?  What kind of transformation of the C-store would be needed for this to happen?
Tabata Workout. Want a quick workout that kicks your booty and gets you results soon? Meet the Tabata Method -- my favorite workout modality for improved power, strength and stability! Proceed with caution and always know your limits, because this workout is quite ballistic!
Honoring Your Word. Honoring your word begins with honoring yourself. As simple as it sounds, and as much of it is a human birthright, it often is forgotten in the midst of competing demands and obligations. Here are three elements to remembering to honor yourself in those crazy moments of life.
Making A Big Decision? Why You Should Take A (Quick) Pause Beforehand. \Postponing the onset of the decision process by as little as 50 to 100 milliseconds enables the brain to focus attention
How Our Words And Emotions Affect Our Communication. Rossellini also explains how the feelings connected to our speech are what's really indicative of our expression. The perfect
How To Get The Worst Night's Sleep Of Your Life. Or how nervous you're going to be during your presentation tomorrow, whether or not you sound boring in your Match.com profile
10 Questions to Ask (And Keep Asking) in Dating Relationships. The point of being self-aware before and within a relationship is that you should do your best to first know yourself as much as possible before partnering with another person. The most successful relationships are the ones where two people working towards personal wholeness come together, rather than two people looking to fulfill some sort of void.
Is There (Marital) Life After an Affair?. The consequences of an affair may have more to do with how each partner responds to it than the affair itself. As many couples have discovered, even in the midst of the most painful circumstances, when there is a shared intention to heal, repair and take responsibility, what may have previously seemed impossible can become a reality.
Think. The sheer number of people with brain injury and all those who love and care for them should make apparent the need for broad attention and concern. Brain injury impinges on the whole person, not just one's legs or lungs, and its consequences are unpredictable.
3 Things I Stopped Doing, When I Started Doing What I Love. When I let go of the number on the scale, my mind started to relax and my body began to open in ways I had never experienced. The way I feel determines the weight of my worth. The number of my weight has no significance any longer.
Ask Healthy Living. Have a question? Ask Healthy Living! The exact rate of building or decreasing your tolerance will vary greatly depending
Fear Is Your Sweet Companion. The many stages of life, jobs, careers or relationships can create vulnerability, fear and anxiety. These transitional times bring on levels of uncertainty. We're not the person we once were, nor are we the one we're about to become. So we need to establish a life of living in a grounded state.
My Day as a Test Case for Self-Compassion. That's when I saw it. Namaste Disappointment. We all know what that feels like. Our disappointments might be different but
The New Success. Piermont
Living to 100. I've combined these words of wisdom, along with more that I've culled from our ongoing conversations, to provide you with
Fit Links. If you're looking to lose weight while building muscle in the process, you may have wondered how many calories you shed strength
5 Warning Signs That Depression Is Affecting Your Relationship. A resounding body of research has shown how closely depression is related to relationships in a cyclical fashion
Does The Order Of Your Workout Matter?. The researchers concluded that training order may, then, be more a matter of personal preference. However, they do offer
Face Your Fear and Fly. When the news brings the awareness of actual tragedies into your everyday life, it can be rattling. \nHearing about random shootings, missing planes or freak illnesses brings up thoughts and feelings we'd rather not have.
Look On The Bright Side Of Life With These Sunny Songs. If the impending spring weather reminds us of anything, it's that we should always look on the sunny side of life. Optimism
Gene Mutation Could Play Role In Sleep Problems, Fly Study Shows. Scientists have pinpointed a gene mutation in fruit flies that makes them experience the fly version of insomnia. In the
10 Ways to Stop Overeating Today. Eating with your hands may be convenient, but it's also a certain way to overeat. Use your forks and knives and put them down between mouthfuls to give yourself time to chew, taste and experience food.
Rules Are Made to Be Broken. Our relationship is never going to be like it was the first two months we were going out. Get over it. And quit whining to
I Didn't Know How to Live With My Father's Illness. Not a day goes by that I don't look for him in other people's faces. Not a day goes by that I don't grasp to hold the memories together. Not a day goes by that I don't try to hear his voice again so that I won't lose it. Not a day goes by that I don't try to question him for the answers to my doubts.
The Impossible Becomes Possible. The dachshund is my new hero, and when I am next battling a \shark\ in my own life, I think I will remember how this little pup conquered his -- like when I run my next marathon.
Emmy Rossum Speaks Out On The Importance Of Hitting The Pillow. While most busy people choose to forgo a few hours of sleep in order to accomplish everything they need to do, Rossum says
4 Obstacles to Fulfilling Your Dream. Don't compare yourself with others. What you choose to do has nothing to do with others. When we follow what we love, we allow ourselves to be transformed in the struggle of our journey. We become the hero of our story, but we must give ourselves permission to discover our own inner excellence and channel it deeply and freely.
Why School Concession Stands Shouldn't Be Afraid To Sell Healthy Foods. Researchers followed up with the club after one full season, and found that the sales and revenues stayed stable even with
The Legacy of Lost Dreams. Suggestions for Action
Going for an AHA Moment. I wondered why there was no drop-in meditation studio for people like me with young children, jobs and limited time resources. Talk about an AHA moment! Suddenly, I could think of nothing else. In one split second -- goodbye, fashion editor. Hello, spiritual entrepreneur.
Anti-Flat-Belly Foods. Can the type of food we eat cause fat to accumulate preferentially in the belly? Do diet choices affect how much muscle we build? It's an important matter, because belly fat isn't just an esthetic issue.
So Here's the Deal. I feel strangely calm about all of this. I guess now I know the bottom line and when treatment starts, I have some certainty
Lemonade. Tucking our experiences away doesn't make them disappear -- it just allows them to pile up and expand in girth.  Why collect and harbor this stuff when you can spring clean and clear space for something new?  And better yet, while you are at it, help someone else out.
When Doctors Don't Know. I make it a point to include a statement of uncertainty when offering my assessment and plan to patients in situations where a constellation of symptoms don't immediately add up by the end of an office visit.  Am I right to do this? Well, I don't know.
Be Here Now. I had caught myself red-handed, not practicing what I preach, and it was a delicious moment to be reminded of where my true peace and power lie -- within, not on the 405 freeway only when the conditions are just as I think they \should be.\
Passion, Perseverance and Our Expanding Definition of Success. If you have a clearly identified passion that already fits well with the rest of your life, grit seems likely to work in your favor. For the rest of us, though, the answer is less clear. We may first need to spend some time understanding our own definition of success.
9 Things You Probably Didn't Know About Sneezing. Despite the panic it instills if you happen to be driving when you feel a sneeze coming on, there's not much you can do to
Painkiller Prescriptions Increased In Emergency Departments Over Last Decade. But during this same time period, the percentage of emergency department visits that resulted in the prescription of an opioid
Dole Recalls Certain Salads Over Listeria Risk. Dole Fresh Vegetables is voluntarily recalling some of its bagged salads sold in 15 states and three Canadian provinces due
Six Months of Clean Scans, Yet I Can't Stop Fighting. I cringe every time someone tells me \congratulations\ when they hear I had cleans scans. My body tenses up and an uneasy feeling starts build from within. I'm conflicted on how I should respond.
New York Hospital Warns Patients Of Possible HIV, Hepatitis Exposure. When asked if anyone was confirmed to have been infected a hospital spokeswoman said \not to my knowledge.\ HIV can lead
Scientists Devise Blood Test To Better Diagnose Sports Brain Injury. In findings from a study of ice hockey players, the researchers said their method can show just an hour after a head injury
Is Anne Sweeney Leaning Out By Leaving Disney?. Anne Sweeney, one of the most powerful TV executives in Hollywood, is stepping down from her post as president of the Disney
Woman Has 88-Pound Tumor Removed (PHOTO). 14 Oddest Medical Cases 7 Weirdest Medical Conditions 8 Reasons Our Waistlines Are Expanding Copyright 2014 LiveScience, a
Vaginal HIV Prevention Gel Shows Promise In Monkeys. In addition, the researchers found that two out of three macaque monkeys were protected from SHIV when the gel was applied
More Sleep Equals More Voters. How do we motivate more people to vote? Newly published research points to a surprising solution to this longstanding concern
Controversial Opioid Offers 'Unique' Option To Treat Pain, FDA Commissioner Says. WASHINGTON, March 13 (Reuters) - U.S. Food and Drug Administration Commissioner Margaret Hamburg on Thursday defended the
Big Waist Size May Mean Trouble, Even At Healthy Weight. This report analyzed previous studies to look at how waist size might affect health and risk for death. The participants
FDA Panel Recommends Approval Of HPV Test To Screen For Cervical Cancer. The panel unanimously voted that the benefits outweigh the risks of the test, called the cobas HPV Test, for women ages 25
Case Of Rare Female-To-Female HIV Transmission Reported By CDC. An HIV-positive woman likely transmitted HIV to another woman through sexual contact, according to a new case report from
7 Ways to Overcome Loss. We naturally want to regain the things or people we've lost. But there's a fine line between doing your part and pushing fate.
Drowning in Calories. Obesity is, in many ways that matter most, analogous to drowning.Individuals can, and for the most part should, learn to \swim\ through our obesogenic culture. But those swimming lessons need to be accessible, affordable, applicable and actionable.
FDA Weighing Whether Genetically Engineered Fish Is Safe To Eat. \We will be moving forward in a deliberate, science-driven way, reflecting all of the important inputs ... as we consider
The States With The Highest (And Lowest) Smoking Rates. The state with the lowest smoking rate in the entire country was Utah, which researchers noted is due to the state's high
New Study Suggests Very Few Side Effects Can Be Directly Attributed To Statins. For patients treated with statins, only a very small minority of side effects reported can be directly attributed to the
Cancer Messed With the Wrong B*tch. If you're not a doctor, please don't offer me medical advice. If you don't have cancer, don't tell me how I should be living my life. And actually, as a general rule, if you're not ME, don't tell me how I should be living MY life.
Moms Taking Action to Save Lives. If it wasn't for the stigma that is promoted by punitive drug policies, this certainly wouldn't be an issue. Why isn't naloxone made as available as an epi-pen or other common antidote? The answer is misguided moralistic judgment and ignorance about the true nature of addictive illness.
Why I Became the 'Fatty' on the Westview Track. Once question remained
Dependence Through Denial and Deception. If these medications don't cost very much, if they don't cost the insurance companies anything, why the denials? And what does this tell us about the role of health insurance in our lives?
What Your Personality Has To Do With Your Health. \Although we demonstrate that observer ratings of personality predict future health, we do not rule out the potential of
Dear Cancer. Dear Cancer
Making Noise About Alzheimer's. Alzheimer's is a formidable foe. But our research is leading to a better understanding of Alzheimer's and ultimately, to protocols to add longevity to brain performance in brain disease, health or injury. And that is news worth making noise about.
Teaching Resilience, Courage, and Perseverance. On April 16, I will celebrate two years cancer-free.  New parents are receiving the news I received and struggling with how to tell their children, their parents, their friends.  Below is something I wrote two years ago as I prepared for the surgery that would heal me.
Move of the Day. Benefits
You're Not Who You Used to Be (It's a Good Thing!). If you want to be better, to change your story up, or if you want to try something new, just do it. You have the power to create a new you, life, career, relationship and reality from the choices you make in this moment, your past be damned!
I Have a Heart Murmur (Part 2). Several months ago I wrote about my medical journey, starting about seven years ago when my internist discovered a very slight
My First Patient. Lying before us was a man who had willingly decided that, upon his passing, his body be donated to science. That decision brought with it such powerful consequences that it affected not only the education of medical students but also the lives of the countless patients we would one day treat.
The Worst Things You Can Say To Someone In Recovery From Addiction. HuffPost Healthy Living (@HealthyLiving) co-hosted a Twitter chat with Phoenix House (@PhoenixHouse) focusing on substance
Even Slightly High Blood Pressure Could Raise Stroke Risk. Blood pressure readings include systolic and diastolic blood pressure; systolic blood pressure refers to the blood pressure
Bacterial Imbalance May Play Role In Crohn's Disease. Body Bugs
3D Printing Technology Helps Doctors Rebuild Man's Face After Horrible Motorcycle Accident. Although Power was wearing a helmet at the time of the crash in 2012, he was left with broken cheekbones, shattered eye sockets
Emotions On Facebook May Be Contagious. \If it rains on your friend in New York, does it make you less happy in San Diego? The answer is 'yes,'\ Fowler told USA
This Cat Has Had ENOUGH Of Your Yoga Videos. Maybe it was the downward dog that set Milo off. Or maybe the kitty was frustrated by the lack of a scratching post. Whatever
Invent Yourself. To find the bigger world, pack a smaller bag. We become all the more inventive, and confident, for doing more with less.
The Hurt Blocker. Let's face it, getting dinged up or even hurt is part of our sport, at the front as well as the back of the pack. As with
Get Out of the War. See the suffering in the other people and yourself, and see if you can have compassion for all parties. The world outside may not change. But if you end the war in your own head, you'll feel better and act better. Which just might help the world around you to change for the better as well.
3 Strategies to Guarantee We'll End Up Alone. When we're vulnerable, honest and letting the \real us\ show, we stand a much greater chance of actually getting closer to the other person. We don't bond over our perfection. We create intimacy through our imperfections.
Meditation Experts Discuss The Real Secrets To Mindfulness At Work. \Mindfulness serves not just to heal ourselves,\ says Salzberg. \But it also serves as a platform for insight. It's out of
The S&M Experience. Do you remember the first time you heard the \S\ (sir) word or the \M\ (ma'am) word when someone was addressing you? In the timeline of maturity this event stands stark in many people's memories. The first time I got \ma'am-ed,\ I actually turned around to see who the person was talking to. It certainly could not have been me!
Aging Gracefully, Inside and Out. Kidney disease often develops slowly with few outward symptoms, so many people don't realize they have it until the disease is advanced. Awareness, especially for those at risk, is the first step to preventing or slowing the progression of kidney disease.
Live Outside the Box. I have surrounded myself with the most amazing individuals and they inspire me to dream my biggest dreams while they also go after dreams of their own. We are all like a delicious pot of gumbo and each individual in our life add a little flavor to our journey.
Wild Meditation. Meditate for years. Be as spiritual as your fondest idea of your perfect self.
After I Was Diagnosed With Bipolar Disorder, I Decided to Move Forward. I used to think the notion that people could change was a farce ... until I did it myself.
Lupus Patient Makes Antibodies To Fight HIV. The study was published Monday (March 10) in the Journal of Clinical Investigation. Does lupus hold the key? By Bahar Gholipour
Glucosamine Supplements May Not Help With Knee Pain. At the end of the study, participants who took glucosamine were just as likely as those who took the placebo to experience
Cryptococcal Infections. Diagnosis of a cryptococcal infection can be done quickly and easily through examination of either discharge from the kitty's
Rome Wasn't Built in a Day, But They Were Laying Bricks Every Hour. Rome is just the result; the bricks are the system. The system is greater than the goal. Focusing on your habits is more important than worrying about your outcomes.
Omega-3 Supplement Helps Relieve Arthritis Symptoms in Cats. \u2022 Adding certain supplements to your pet's diet can provide the raw materials for cartilage repair and maintenance, among
7 Life Lessons From Dr. Seuss. Here are 7 Life Lessons from Dr. Seuss
Wheelchair Wisdom. Yes, I was still the same seated figure moving through a crowd in a motor-powered vehicle. Yes, all my physical limitations were just as they had been previously. But my mind, my soul, and my feelings became liberated.
Graduation Day. As a young adult cancer survivor, I will never stop worrying about dying before I've lived long enough to leave my mark, to positively affect the world, and do whatever other things my mother would no doubt disapprove of.
Exposure To Orange Light May Be The Secret To Really Waking Up. The results of an experiment performed by a team of Belgian scientists suggest that exposure to different lights can impact
These Hidden Hearts Prove Love Can Be Found Everywhere. For more GPS Guides, click here. It can appear if we look up... But best of all, love is a reflection of what we see when
Oil Pulling Might Be The Next Big Thing -- Or Not. Hurlbutt then instructed them to oil pull daily for two weeks and stop on the third week. The participants were divided into
FDA Permits Marketing Of First Device To Prevent Migraines. The FDA decision was made based on safety and effectiveness data from 67 people, as well as patient satisfaction data from
50 Lessons That May Make Your Life Better (They Did Mine). If you are living authentically and without fear, you can't please everyone (or even most people) for longer than a couple of weeks.  If you find yourself proving this wrong, take it as a sign you need to make a change.
How to Turn Off Your Phone, Shut Down Your Computer and Totally Unplug Every Single Week. Suddenly, like revelation at Sinai, Shabbat started to make perfect sense. Those 25 hours became a respite from my mounting schoolwork, a forced hiatus from the endless black hole of the Internet, the only time I could turn off a screen long enough to, say, play a game with my family.
Meat-Eating Humans. It comes down to a pretty basic choice. We can either have a whole lot fewer of us meat-eating Homo sapiens, or we need Homo sapiens to eat a whole lot less meat. The funny thing is, the rate-limiting issue makes the plant vs. animal nutrition debate irrelevant. It's all about water.
Personal Transformation. The 8th House of your birth chart rules death, sex, taxes, investments and transformation. You may be thinking
The Swedish Prostate Cancer Team. If war is about understanding your opponent, we are only just beginning to understand the genetic changes that truly define the behavior and malignant potential of a cancerous cell. But we've done enough work to realize that a cancerous cell has more than one mutation.
Following Your True Calling. Photo
10 Reasons Why We Need Research Literacy, Not Scare Columns. First and foremost, why jump straight to banning? Handheld devices are the \Swiss Army Knife\ of modern life
7 Simple Swaps To Reduce Your Sugar Intake. Modern packaged food is packed with sugar in such staggering levels that the dietary-minded must become label sleuths to
Work Out In One Minute \u2014 FLAT - Weather.com THIS Is Crossfit's Secret Move. The secret to shedding fat fast is exercise intensity, study after study has found, including a recent one from the American
Why You Can't Spot-Burn Fat. How often do you encounter promises like \Whittle your waist!\ or \Trim your thighs!\ or \Flatten your belly!\ in magazines
New 'Super Lice' Are Resistant To Traditional Treatments. From Mother Nature Network's Jenn Savedge
32 Healthy Green Recipes To Celebrate St. Patrick's Day. We're all about celebrating St. Patrick's Day with some green grub. We also strongly prefer healthy recipes. And sorry, folks
To My Son. Your mama was diagnosed with cancer one week before your second birthday. It was Stage IV lymphoma, and my PET scan lit up like a Christmas tree.
Seeking Serenity On A Screen. For most of us, smartphones can seem more a constant source of stress than a path to serenity. But more and more people are
U.S. News Best Medical School Rankings For 2015. 6. University of Minnesota The University of Minnesota has an enrollment of 986, and tuition and fees for the 2013-2014 school
My Cup Runneth Over With Just Enough. While we do this deep dive and soul search, we also hold onto the love and support we receive, the wonderful and healing love and support of family, friends and community and, ultimately, the sweet love of our child. We learn that as we keep our hearts open, our hearts receive all of this love.
Three Cheers for Intentions and Why I Prefer Them Over Affirmations. When things work out, it affirms our personal power and our connection to God, possibly even leading to a quality of hubris. When things don't go our way, however, it relegates us to being confused and disconnected, and suggests that we're at fault for any imperfections in our life.
Getting in Shape Doesn't Have to Be Such a Drag. Why have we made exercising -- at least the way we do it in the places that have come to be known as \health clubs\ -- such an awful experience? If we're going to redefine success to include well-being, we also need to redefine getting in shape to include mental and soul fitness.
6 TRX Workout Mistakes You're Probably Making. Born in the Navy SEALs, TRX -- which stands for total-body resistance exercise -- relies on two hanging straps to test your
The Truth About '10,000 Steps' A Day. Walking 10,000 steps a day is not an official recommendation from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Instead
Cancer Will Be Leading Cause Of Death In U.S. By 2030, Report Says. Cancer will be the No. 1 cause of death in the U.S. by 2030, according to a new report from the American Society of Clinical
These Beautiful March Blooms Will Help You Capture The Spring Spirit. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Turning Body Shame Into Body Love. The next time you look in the mirror, really look at yourself and transform all of those negative statements into positive ones. And don't just hone in on the body parts you like, either -- this is an equal opportunity body love moment.
5 Ways Meditation Makes You Kinder. We open our heart to ourselves with tenderness, seeing ourselves just as we are, maybe for the first time, opening with a heart as big as the Universe. In the same way we open to all others, seeing them just as they are, without likes or dislikes prejudicing our view.
Get Political. Do you catch yourself staring at the back of packaged foods trying to decipher what the nutrition labels mean? Let's face it... food labels can be very confusing. Now is our opportunity to have a voice in making changes!
How to Consider Time a Natural Resource. At a minimum, our time is spent on life's essentials
Lost Your Mojo?. Being in touch with our yearning, and anchoring our desire, is not an event, but an ongoing process. In taking it on we strengthen our motivation. And for whatever our heart desires, that's always a good thing.
Need To Overcome Writer's Block? There's An App For That. Oftentimes, being constantly distracted by emails, tweets, updates and alerts can take a toll on our creative thinking. But
Why I Quit My Finance Job To Travel The World (WATCH). When your personal values no longer match your career, it may be a sign that it's time for a change. \That crystallized many
TV Time Linked With Poor Sleep In Preschoolers. These children also were found to be sleeping for shorter periods of time than their peers who were still watching TV less
5 Things I Learned From Helping My Dad Die. In honor of my dad, Robert Michelson, one of the most incredible men who ever spent a little time on this planet -- and in honor of the pain and grief and wonder conjured by death -- I am sharing five things that I learned while helping him die.
Be Brave. It's the best advice a friend sent me today. To be honest, I feel like it's our only option -- be brave. What else can you do when a doctor tells you you're dying?
The Moment I Knew It Was Time To Move To A New Country. Hear Rickford-Anguin's full story by watching the HuffPost Live clip above. Writer Yinka Rickford-Anguin had been living
I Unplugged For 24 Hours -- And I Wish It Had Lasted Longer. I had set out on this detox mission to do the things I rarely found time to do, but it didn't occur to me until these last few minutes to do nothing. So I took this little bit of time to be with myself, and experience living in the most idle of moments.
WATCH. Did you get a new job? New spouse? New city? We want to hear from you! Share your stories of life-changing breakthrough moments
A Wakeup Call At Her Doctor's Office Inspired Sarah DeArmond To Lose 78 Pounds. After Weight
The Secret To Getting Out The Door Faster In The Morning. We could all use a few extra minutes in the morning, whether we'd use them for another lap around the track or just one more
How To Be Your Own Therapist. Of course, if you have the time, consider a class in meditation or yoga. But if the thought of taking on anything new would
9 Steps to Overcoming Fear. Fear is something you can have, that's true -- but fear isn't of you.  When you experience fear as separate from you, you'll be able to give it what it really needs.  And when you do that, my friend, you have pretty much eliminated your fear all together.
Circuit Training. I love mixing it up with body weight circuits like this one. Lifting is my first fitness love, but sometimes quick and dirty workouts like this are just what I need to recharge my exercising batteries. I am super sore today, which is an awesome feeling.
Transformation or Evolution?. But it turns out, that while I may have transformed my approach to my fitness and health, my body never got the memo. It's
What Not To Say To Someone With Insomnia. Plus, it's not exactly a novel suggestion. \It's not likely they haven't tried that before,\ says Kelly Glazer Baron, Ph.D
Better Out Than In. My life lately has been that bottle, with each bubble of carbonation representing something in my life that I let fester, but would better serve me out than in. On September 10th, 2013, at age 30, I was diagnosed with Stage IV gastric cancer.
The Truth About Heroes and Cancer. If you think someone is a hero for surviving cancer, or courageous, or inspiring, then you're part of the problem.  You're doing it wrong.  Anyone can survive cancer.  And anyone can die from it.
Rubber Wristbands Could Give Clues To Chemical Exposure. Those silicone rubber wristbands are not only a way to broadcast support for a cause or organization -- a new study suggests
Food Label Makeover a Great Step Toward Healthier Eating. Grocery shoppers, prepare to be a lot smarter about what goes into your basket. And since what goes into your basket eventually goes into you and your family, this is truly great news for the health of our country.
Sleep-Deprived Obese Teens May Face Health Risks. The researchers found that only one-third of the study participants spent at least an hour a day being physically active
These Guys Know Exactly How You Feel About Daylight Saving Time. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
The Top 10 Workout Songs for March 2014. This month's playlist is dominated by club tracks. Fitz & The Tantrums appeared in last month's Top 10 and return this month with the only rock song to make the cut.
Everything You Need To Know About Happiness, According To Song Lyrics. ...found when you least expect it. ...not in your material possessions. \And you ask me what I want this year And I try to
Do Sleeping Pills Undermine Sleep's Memory-Boosting Power?. For most people, the best long-term strategy is to develop a strong, sustainable sleep routine that does not rely on prescription sleep medication. There's no question this takes work, but the rewards are worth it. Your sleep, your overall health -- and perhaps your memory -- will be better for it.
Get Your Glow On With Nighttime Stand-Up Paddleboarding. From your safe, dry perch under the moonlight, you can watch as all manners of sea life come to you. Depending on the intensity
New Clues To Why Traffic Pollution Is So Bad For The Heart. However, researchers noted the study does not prove that traffic pollution causes these changes to the heart. \Using exposure
6 Daily Rituals You Can't Afford to Skip. We often go through the day by the seat of our pants, counting the hours until it's time to clock out and go home. Rather than responding and reacting to whatever is tossed your way throughout the day, make a concerted effort to efficiently handle the daily minutia, and occupy the remainder of the work day thinking beyond what is in front of you.
3 Ways Meditation Will Make You a Better Writer. It's fascinating and freeing to allow yourself to follow where creativity leads. Meditation breaks down that very thin membrane between the conscious and the subconscious. And let's face it, the subconscious is where all the interesting stuff happens.
An Inspiring Tale of 3 Pussycats. All three love to be picked up and cuddled by their Pappa - here it's Leo's turn. Photo credit
6 Things You Need to Know About Dating With Depression (After a Breakup). While you certainly don't have to pretend that everything is roses, I suggest trying to identify things about yourself, about dating, or about your life that you do like, in order to help you reframe your mindset.
The Top States For Healthy Eating And Exercise. The highest percentage of residents in Vermont reported frequent exercise and frequent produce consumption in 2013
How YOU Get To Sleep A Little Bit Earlier. But consider the alternative
Is There A Difference Between A Happy Life And Meaningful Life?. Baumeister and his colleagues surveyed 397 adults, looking for correlations between their levels of happiness, meaning and
Top 10 Tips for Healthy Travel from a Travel Writer. While you may have good intentions to stick to your health and fitness goals, it also feels sinful not to indulge in unique treats when visiting a far-off place. When in Rome, right? But I have learned that if there is to be any hope of feeling healthy and fitting into the same wardrobe when I return, I have to strike some sort of balance.
10 Places You Wish You Could Run. \Lakshadweep Islands\ --Harita We asked our Twitter followers and Facebook fans to tell us where they would run if there
Paralympic Snowboarder Amy Purdy On Overcoming Obstacles And Her Medal-Worthy Breakfast. At the age of 19, Purdy contracted bacterial meningitis, resulting in the loss of her spleen, her kidneys, hearing in her
Innovative Cardio Workouts. Jump Rope -- Jump Roping for as little as 10 minutes has the potential to burn about 100+ calories. The jump rope is an easy
A Digital Detox Can Change Your Life. Here's What To Know Before You Do It.. The fact that the phrase \u201cdigital detox\u201d made its way into the Oxford Dictionary online last year is proof in itself that
Non-Melanoma Skin Cancer Raises Risk Of Developing Other Cancers, Study Finds. Researchers from the University of Melbourne and University of Oxford found that people who were diagnosed with non-melanoma
4 Habits for a Healthy Weight. Every one of us is unique, each with a different genetic makeup, history, taste preferences and relationship to food. Having spoken to many women over the years who manage their weight without a lot of struggle, I've concluded that beyond the basics of \eat less, move more,\ the specifics of what works for you may be very different for what works for me.
Orange Juice Recalled In 6 States Due To Milk-Mixing Error. - Gallons of Lehigh Valley (UPC #7047243000), Swiss Premium (UPC #7654500106) and Price Chopper (UPC #4173517135) orange
New Study Links Hearing Loss With Depression Risk. More from RxWiki
Why You Can't Get That Song From 'Frozen' Out Of Your Head. \A function of earworms could be emotional regulation,\ the lead author of that study, Andr\u00e9ane McNally-Gagnon, told LiveScience
Another Reason To Add More Fish To Your Diet. CAC occurs when calcium gradually builds up in the inner lining of the arteries and forms layers of plaque that can eventually
Matthew McConaughey. The good news is more people are experiencing the healing effects of gratitude. Dr. Emmons said, \We are in the midst of
How The 'Godfather Of Slow' Learned To Live In The Moment. Carl Honor\u00e9, a successful journalist with a fast-paced media career, is on a mission to help teach others how not to rush
Why You Should Embrace 'Slow Sex' (WATCH). Honor\u00e9 argues that deeper connections between two people can develop when we slow down and take time to be with one another
Finding My Footing. It started as a distraction I hated. Then it became an obsession I craved. Then, a passion that carried me through.
WATCH. To hear more about the benefits of unplugging, watch the full HuffPost live conversation in the video above. \It was so profound
Ranbaxy Recalls More Than 64,000 Bottles Of Generic Lipitor In U.S.. Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd., the India-based generic-drug maker beset by manufacturing-quality problems, has issued another
Forget Work-Life Balance. One way to avoid workaholism is by recognizing that true work-life blend begins in one particular direction
New Therapy Could Simplify Treatment, Improve Quality Of Life For Hemophilia Patients. His mother, Jackie Corral, cannot wait for something to work. She prepares and infuses Jackson and his 3-year-old brother
Ziplining and Facing My Fears to Step Into My Greatness. Right then and there, I thought about the myriad of reasons and fears of why I couldn't continue any further, and started
Don't Decide If You're an Optimist or a Pessimist Until You Try This. You don't have to run. Play tennis, cross-country ski, meet a friend for racquetball during your lunch hour. Find a way to work your body hard on a consistent basis and don't decide if you're an optimist or a pessimist until that's the routine. You may not believe how much your outlook on life changes.
Are Our Eating Habits Getting Less Healthy?. Less than two-thirds of Americans said they ate healthily \yesterday\ in 2013, according to a new Gallup-Healthways report
Ask A Scientist. But as long as they're your own germs, you don't have to worry. You're not going to make yourself sick again if you use the
Aloneness. As our culture moves faster and faster in search for more and more sterile ways of being human, I wonder if it's time we step away from the need to post, retweet, or like someone else on the electronic platform. I wonder if it's time we reach out for experiences without?
Trusting the Synchronicity of Life. Although he was able to get well by the time I was a teenager, our relationship remained challenging for many years and we
There Must Be a Better Way!. We all have the same amount of time to figure out how to live the best kind of life for ourselves. If you are in a situation that you would like to change, start by thinking about what steps will get you to the place you want to be.
The Dangers of BPA. Reducing exposure to chemicals like BPA is one big step you can take for your and your family toward improving your overall health.
Better Food Labels. Improving food labels, as planned by the USFDA and much in the news over the past week or so, is a welcome thing. But I do think we have cause to wonder if all the fanfare and media hype are really warranted. When all is said and done, what improvements are in the works, and how much will they really matter?
Falling in Love With Any Work You Do. I don't particularly want to drive a hi-lo in an auto factory or mix drinks now, but knowing that I could have an amazing life doing those things frees incredibly freeing.
Taking Control of My Health Meant Taking Control of My Life. I decided to take control of my life and for the first time in my 28 years, listen to my own voice -- not what other people thought or what I thought was true from the media.
'Springing Forward' Brings More Daylight, But It's Tougher On Your Body. \The circadian rhythm, or internal clock, is mainly affected by light,\ he says. \Light is the primary time cue for our natural
8 Seriously Fun Workout Moves To Try. We totally get it. Cardio is terrible. Sure, there's the endorphin rush that comes after an elliptical sesh. But that doesn't
What I Learned About My Family and Myself From Being Homeless. Three years ago my family and I were homeless. I have six children, and have been married to the love of my life for 20 years.
Creating a Healthier Nation for All. Prescription drug abuse is a serious problem in the U.S., and there is much more we can do to address and prevent it. Chronic pain is serious too, and prohibiting access to much-needed treatment is not the answer to either problem.
Restless Legs Syndrome Linked With Physical Functioning Problems. Restless legs syndrome is a condition where a person feels unpleasant sensations -- such as throbbing or pulling -- in the
I Turned My Smartphone Off for 72 Hours and the World Didn't Explode. I discussed with my husband, and we decided to book a trip to New Hampshire to one of those really old hotels (think The Shining without the murders).  I figured what better place to unplug than a hotel that had people visiting quite happily and tech-free for almost 125 years.
FDA Asks Drug Companies To Assess Cholesterol Drug's Cognitive Risks. Amgen, which has said it could file for regulatory approval of PCSK9 drug evolocumab this year, said it has been proactively
Measles Outbreak Confirmed In New York City. New York City health officials are urging parents to vaccinate their children and seek immediate medical attention if any
Russell Simmons Wants To Bring Yoga, Meditation To Chicago Schools. Implementing yoga in some schools has not come without controversy. While some parents have complained that yoga classes
3 Ways to Free Your Mind and Find Joy. There was a phrase I heard over and over in that refugee camp, and it was oht jhai. It has no literal English translation. The closest meaning would be
Lilian Bryant Lost 70 Pounds And Fell In Love With Weight Training. In the beginning, I worked out three times a week, doing 20 minutes on the treadmill and some weight training. As my fitness
CVS Caremark Pharmacy Making Sense and Kicking Butts. I'm hopeful other pharmacies and retail giants will follow CVS's lead and start making sense if they are going to continue
My Drug and Alcohol History Reads Like a Sad Handwritten Book. By the time I acknowledged my defeat, I had two choices. I could continue on the road I was on, unwilling to accept help, eventually ending with death, or I could accept help, admitting I was powerless over alcohol and begin a road of recovery. I chose the latter.
How to Get Moving When You Just Don't Want To. These are times when the mind is not on our side. It knows that we either don't want to do our next thing or we don't want to stop doing our current thing. So it gives us a perfect reason to stay stuck.
Why I Walked Away From My Six-Figure Job... and the Surprising Results a Decade Later. I'd gotten a job in finance in my early 20s, and the next thing I knew, I was 36 years old and on a career trajectory not of my choosing. Yes, I was succeeding, but at what cost?
Drop the Load. Wisdom is choosing a greater happiness over a lesser one. Sometimes you have to give up the lesser rewards of the new thing for the greater rewards of allowing some new space to clear in your life.
Calming Blue Scenes To Help You De-Stress. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
The Mystic's Diet. If one day our partner turned into the perfect lover or our child became an angel while awake as well as when asleep, most
What Happens When Your Food Goes 'Down The Wrong Pipe'. \Ask Healthy Living\ is for informational purposes only and is not a substitute for medical advice. Please consult a qualified
Austin, Abraham and Happiness, South by Southwest. The second time I heard such a response, I said, \I'm starting to think that, for you, ever day is a great day.\ Is there
Redefine How You Spend Time. When opportunity comes along, ask yourself if it will allow you to spend more or less time inside your living circle.\u00a0Don't go outside your living circle any more than you have to.\u00a0Every minute spent outside your living circle is a minute of your life that you've lost forever.
The Next Transformation in American Health Care. The crisis in American healthcare today is the ascendance of chronic conditions, which can't be fixed with a pill or procedure. We are seeing a transition from predominantly biological, physiological, and microbial origins of disease to diseases caused by social and environmental conditions.
5 Things That Scare Me Most About Stress. Stress alone doesn't makes you a better, stronger person. What makes you resilient is the way in which you shift and strengthen your response to the stress around you.
How I Stayed On Track on Vacation. As my countdown to vacation crept closer and closer, I got a little scared -- how could I continue my newfound healthy eating habits in a city that for me holds all manner of delectable culinary sins?The answers turned out to be simple, and despite the fact that I have been largely ignoring my scale over the past month or two, I actually lost weight while I was in London.
It Could Be Something, It Could Be Nothing.... I had trouble moving past the experience and could not immediately feel the sense of relief that I should have felt.  Instead, I was focused on the fact that while this time I was fortunate, and it was in fact \nothing,\ I know that the reality is that one day there will be something.
8 Days to Living With Purpose. We all get to choose what we do with that time and how we feel about what we did with that time at the end of each day. Meditation can help you enjoy the moments a bit more, but only living life to its fullest can bring you the true joy we all crave.
Should I Play Hard to Get?. When I was single I experimented a great deal to see what really worked in getting and keeping a guy.
10-Minute Yoga for Stress Relief. Consider a 10-minute yoga break instead of a 10-minute coffee break.  These four simple and effective yoga postures and deep breathing will help you feel calm, relaxed, and rejuvenated.
How Are You Hustling?. If deep down we believe that we're not enough as we are, we do everything we can to prop up our self-esteem and avoid feeling that pain. So instead of doing the inner work to heal the wound, we simply hustle for our worth.
Here's Convincing Photographic Proof That Unplugging Can Enhance Every Aspect Of Your Life. A growing body of research -- and plenty of anecdotal evidence -- suggests that excessive use of technology can take a serious
Let's Celebrate Great Frontline Caregivers. Getting to know a person with memory loss enables us to discover their unmet need in order to know how to respond and is one of the keys to providing excellent memory care.
An Impossible Choice. One of our programs helps cancer patients find bone marrow donors in a German registry. The money we raise under this program
Cosmetic Fillers Could Cause Blindness, Study Warns. In general, complications from these increasingly common procedures are rare, but cases of blindness, stroke and even death
The Dawning Of The Age Of Genomic Medicine, Finally. Sambrookes had been very athletic as a young teen, but as she matured, she noticed a heaviness in her legs. By age 20, running
Antidepressant Recalled After Pharmacist Finds Wrong Drug In Bottle. \Although Pfizer has not received any other such reports, these three lots are being voluntarily recalled as a precaution
Russell Simmons Shares His Secret To Lasting Happiness. Morning meditation and late-night drinking are pretty much on opposite sides of the spectrum when it comes to de-stressing
Is It Time to Start School Later?. Many parents and school officials will likely have their own schedules and routines affected by any changes. But even small delays in favor of students can have significant effects on the quantity and quality of their nightly rest, their physical and emotional health, and their performance at school during the day.
The Simple Difference. Your life should not depend on your ability to understand the doctor's written instructions. Simply not having a Spanish-speaking health care provider answering critical care questions can mean a patient will suffer and likely die. This is a problem getting bigger every day.
E-Cigarette Use Doubles Among U.S. Teens -- But What's The Connection With Cigarette Smoking?. The study is cross-sectional, which means that it cannot show that vaping caused smoking, or vice versa. Despite that limitation
A Surviving -- and Thriving -- Sibling. Now Carson and Aaron's brother Brian are able to support each other. \It's really nice for me to have someone who understands what I'm going through, where I don't have to explain why I'm sad,\ she says.
'Faggedabowdit'. The need, the demand, to have the last word, the belief you must be right all of the time, that you have to prove that your
Redefining Success. Success is a state of mind and being content with your true self and not identifying success by what an individual owns, but by their internal awareness.
The Process, Part 7. At this point I'm still feeling quite well, except that I've almost completely lost my sense of taste and eating has become
Add Indoor Rowing to Your Repertoire. Watch out, stationary bike. Across the country, boatloads of people are dipping their toes into the water (sorry), resulting in a surge of indoor-rowing classes. We recently popped in for a lesson at our local gym to see what all the fuss is about.
Exercise Compulsion and Eating Disorders. Exercise compulsion is a very real problem for many individuals struggling with eating and body-related disorders.
Sanctuary or Escape? What Are You Creating With Your Spiritual Practice?. Needing sanctuary doesn't imply that we should isolate from people. On the contrary, to be emotionally healthy and make sound choices, we need connection to others. We need to feel love, so that we may feel both more calm and yet emboldened to be more honest or courageous.
The Third Metric. In preparation for The Third Metric's upcoming event Thrive in New York, D.C. and Los Angeles, industry leaders attended a special session at NYC Social Media Week.
The Hope in Substance Abuse. Addiction is perceived almost universally as shameful, even by association. As we see in all the recent discussions about whether people with substance abuse problems \deserve\ the troubles they incur, even having empathy for someone with these issues is suspect and denigrated by many.
6 Quotes To Encourage You To 'March On' This March. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
What Is Your Soul's Work in the World?. Stephenie Zamora is the founder of www.stepheniezamora.com, a full-service, life-purpose development, design and branding
Preservative In Wipes Could Lead To Rashes, Expert Warns. Certain people who are allergic to a preservative found in some wipes -- including baby wipes and personal wipes -- could
What Gut Bacteria Might Have To Do With Colorectal Cancer Risk. \In addition to genetic changes, various lifestyle-related factors, such as obesity and diet, have been linked to colorectal
Mardi Gras and Multitasking. We ought to worry what the constant cognitive Mardi Gras of our \u00fcber-connected/multitasking existence is doing to our social and intellectual health, to our decision making, and even literally to our safety.
Cloudy With a Chance of Meatheads. As long we impart to nutrition the mediagenic volatility associated with the weather, we can all but guarantee that our understanding of what is good for us will remain very much clouded over. There will also be a very high chance of us acting like meatheads -- and being fed a steady diet of headlines accordingly.
LA Bans E-Cigarette Use In Public Places, Following Nationwide Trend. \I'm telling you, the high percentage of kids that smoke, smoke because it's cool. And when you're 15 you want to be cool
New Yorkers Warned Of Rare Skin Infection Outbreak Caused By Raw Fish In Chinatown (PHOTOS). The health department says some of those who were infected \have been treated with traditional Chinese medicine or types
How I Reclaimed My Health. Over the past year I've started to take control of my own health. I've been going to yoga three times a week, eating healthier, making juice every morning and figuring out like-minded alternatives to living a better lifestyle with an immune deficiency.
Needless Delay for a Medicine That Could Save Kids' Lives. My advisors tell me to keep working the system, to keep the door cracked open by giving FDA officials opportunities to \save face\ and encourage a new drug application for eteplirsen.  But I cannot allow any more time to go by.
Illnesses Linked To Last Year's Foster Farms Salmonella Outbreak Are Still Being Discovered. The outbreaks seemed to have subsided in January, but in an update released March 3, CDC reported that additional cases likely
Illnesses Linked To Last Year's Foster Farms Salmonella Outbreak Are Still Being Discovered. CDC also stressed the need for raw chicken to be cooked thoroughly and completely, and suggested that raw meat be separated
Create Your Own 'Happiness Folder'. It's easy to get bogged down in unhappy memories. In the times we've messed up, or the times we've failed at something, and so on. Instead, create a Happiness Folder. It can contain anything that helps you rehearse the memories that you need to become happier in the long-term.
Do You Want Beer or Coffee With Those Creative Ideas?. Now let's think about beer. Be honest, have you ever thought about creating some creative ideas by drinking a beer? No, I
11 Things We've Learned About Sleep Over The Past Year. 3. Some people can remember their dreams better than others. If you're always able to remember your dreams, while your partner
Let Go and Let Dog. I think when I finally got the message of the phrase \Let Go and Let God,\ my shoulders dropped about three inches. Just
Added Sugar Replaces Fat as Ingredient to Watch For. Michelle Obama unveiled a series of proposed changes to the food label last Thursday. These changes, she said, will help consumers make better, more informed decisions.
March Is National Kidney Month. Kidney Disease kills more people each year than breast and prostate cancer combined. Yes, you read that statistic correctly, but you may be surprised by it.
Philip Seymour Hoffman's Story and Obamacare Coverage of Drug Addiction. Addiction is everywhere, help is more available, and you have friends and/or family who care about you. Take the first steps today to know your risks and find solutions for a better tomorrow.
Compassion Is the Working Side of Love. Compassion is listening and truly hearing what another has to say. It is a conscious pausing and a slowing down to see and feel the person beside us -- to notice that they are just like us and that they count.
From Stressed-Out Mess to Flourishing Exec. The Third Metric was just the reminder I needed that I have all the tools I need to navigate my way through the good and bad days every life has. So now when asked about my hopes and dreams for the future I respond
5 Simple Juices and Smoothies to Help You Detox. These five simple juices and smoothies will provide your body with the vital nutrients and fiber needed to assist in the detoxification and elimination process.
It's Your Choice. Our hardiness, grit, adaptability, and perspective are some of the ways we can use these unwanted circumstances as an opportunity to help us fulfill our goals. A great example of a person who turned his circumstance into opportunity is Woody Roseland.
What to Do in Conflict. Most of the time, we don't want tension. When conflict is used intentionally and faced directly, the result is deeper partnerships or friendships or more of the love we all crave.
8 Shirts We'd Be Proud To Wear To The Gym. We're firm believers in the power of the right duds to get your rear in gear. If lookin' good means feelin' good, and feeling
No, Allergies Aren't 'Worse' In Certain Parts Of The U.S.. The findings are based on data from 10,000 Americans who were part of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey
Why Some People Don't Have Fingerprints. From Mother Nature Network's Chanie Kirschner
20 Yoga Poses To Channel Your Inner Animal. In the wide array of intriguing body contortions, many yoga poses \u2014 in Sanskrit, \asanas\ \u2014 are named after animals. Some
9 Little-Known Habits of Confident People. Our mind is a very powerful tool, and the impact of our thoughts and words cannot be underestimated. Confident people have greater control over their minds and have tuned their mental station to one of \I can.\
Warning. You may not want to disappoint those closest to you, but it is your life. When you don't change, you keep doing the same thing over and over, perhaps expecting a different result. Albert Einstein referred to this as the definition of insanity. You're not insane, are you?
Do We Really Need Lunchables For Adults?. Don't get us wrong; we're all about getting protein from whole foods. After all, protein is known to be important in weight
8 Reasons To Learn To Love Spin Class. 3. You'll get lost pedaling to killer music. And after taking class a few times, you'll learn which instructor you like best
Adhering to CPAP Therapy Takes Perseverance, Accommodations, and Expertise. On detailed questioning he reported the full-face mask was, \just too big, leaked too much, and left marks on his face.\ He was never told that masks are available in different sizes and, more importantly, can come in different styles, including nasal pillows and nasal triangular devices.
Do Brain Games Really Boost Brain Power?. With all the buzz about brain games -- such as crossword puzzles, Sudoku, and even brain training websites -- it begs the question
Lift Like a Girl. Lifting and building lean muscle have dozens of benefits for women. These benefits include
How Obamacare Is Changing Addiction Treatment Coverage. Provisions of the health care law \u2014 better known as \Obamacare,\ but officially the Affordable Care Act (ACA) \u2014 have been
82 Push-Up Variations You Need To Know. Drop and give me...\u00a082? That's right. We at Greatist love -- nay, adore -- the push-up. It's one of the simplest and most
The Most And Least Obese States In The U.S.. For a look at the ranking of the top 10 and bottom 10 states for obesity, based on phone interviews of 178,072 U.S. adults
18 Things Highly Creative People Do Differently. Kaufman argues that another purpose of daydreaming is to help us to get out of our own limited perspective and explore other
Get Fit Fast. You get more fat loss with alternating medium or high intensity activity with periods of rest than training for the same
Act Like a Couple, Think Like a Person. Sometimes, the best advice given to people in a relationship is common sense, uncommonly used--as in, do unto your mate as
I Wanted to Be Successful and Raise My Kids. I was working for a man who didn't understand or appreciate a woman's desire to work from home so she could also be there to raise her children. So I decided to leave a job I loved to pursue my love of writing.
On Savoring Life. Isn't savoring our lives at least as important as enjoying Reese's?  For, like chocolate, this moment will be gone in a flash. So, it's probably worth paying attention to.
Do You Have a Job, Career or Calling?. One person might say, \I am laying bricks,\ a second might say, \I am building a wall,\ and a third might say, \I am creating a cathedral.\  All three share the same day-to-day labor, it is the perspective that differs.
Ditch Stress In 8 Easy Steps. Sometimes it feels like it\u2019s pretty cool to be overbooked. As young working professionals, we may pride ourselves on four
How to Manifest Miracles Now. To create powerful manifestations, we must believe in our desires. As Dr. Wayne Dyer says, \I'll see it when I believe it.\ Our faith carries powerful energy that supports the process of turning our dreams into our reality.
8 Mantras To Spark Your Creative Side. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
The Couch I Chemo'd On. There are so many rooms and pieces of furniture, but I'm drawn to the couch as if by muscle memory.
Heart Attack Risk Is 5 Times Higher Right After An Angry Outburst, Study Finds. But why does anger seem to be so bad for the heart? WebMD previously pointed out that strong negative emotions can actually
7 Ridiculous Things People Say To You When You're Gluten-Free. Got any more? Write them in the comments -- trust us, it will feel great to vent. \But all of the BEST foods have gluten
The Neuroscience of Learning to Trust Yourself. If we can learn to intentionally pay attention to our moments of vulnerability, without judgment, and meet it with a curious and caring awareness. We condition the natural ability to trust and rely on ourselves. But like anything, it takes intention, attention and practice.
The Process, Part 6. For example, I'm having trouble sleeping. I'm writing this at 4:15 a.m. and am already dressed and ready to go. In fact, if
Truly Bringing the Body-Mind to Psychotherapy. I realized that I wanted to give more attention to the body-mind connection. It wasn't that I was ignoring the mind-body, but I was working to reach the body more through the mind. Now I encourage my patients to also find a practice like Qigong, yoga or Tai Chi to allow the gentle flow to create internal equilibrium.
Out Of Breath Climbing Stairs, Danny Patton Decided It Was Time For A Change And Lost 200 Pounds. How I Lost It
11 Diet 'Rules' You Can Absolutely, Positively Break. With all the DOs and DON\u2019Ts of dieting, losing weight can feel like a full time job. Not only do you have to monitor what
The Weekly Rune -- Kenaz. -- Originally published at Soul Intent Arts. Reversed, the light of Kenaz points even more inward. It encourages us to consider
Our Bodies Lie to Us. Our bodies lie to us. Our bodies lie to us. They tell us that we do not have a choice. That if something is stressful, we
Get Unstuck and Live Your Authentic Life. There is no magic in mindfulness. It simply starts with awareness. If you aren't aware of where you are, then you can't be aware of where you want to go, let alone how to get on the path that will guide you towards more personal freedom.
I Love My Chickens -- Discovering My Own Personal Recovery. Recovery comes in all shapes and sizes. However, I think we have gotten used to the word recovery being associated with addiction
The Heart of Mindfulness. I also see a worrisome trend afoot. Increasingly, mindfulness is being equated with stress reduction or learning how to center under pressure to enhance performance. This is cause for alarm. The intention of mindfulness is not to make us more \chill\ with the insanities and inanities of our post-modern lives.
Why Are Children Losing Their Autism Diagnosis?. I understand, and many researchers have pointed out to me, that grandfathering these autism diagnoses is scientifically messy at best. It may take decades to \clean up\ the science; in the meantime, it's my duty to advocate for my patients.
365 Invocations to Create an Extraordinary Life, Week 13. \What does freedom mean to me?\ is one of the most important question you will ever ask yourself.  And, of course, as with any important question, you have to journey deep inside in order to find out what holds the truth for you.
This Is What A Migraine Feels Like. \I believe they are all different. Mine begin when I lose peripheral vision and then become nauseous. My vision then returns
You Won't Believe the Must-Have Item Sold at This Convenience Store. How did these-naturally grown items that have been around forever suddenly become \the thing\ at Rozek's store? It began as a pilot program as part of the Pitt County Healthy Corner Stores Initiative, and it's still going strong nearly three years later.
What Brings Americans To The ER?. If you go to the emergency room in the United States, what brought you there is most likely a sprain or strain, a stomachache
How The Mind-Body Aspects Of Yoga Can Help Breast Cancer Patients. The research, published in the Journal of Clinical Oncology, shows that women undergoing radiation therapy for breast cancer
Watch. Dan Millman was 20 years old, at the peak of his gymnastics career, when he shattered his right leg in a motorcycle accident
A Sobering Truth About Cancer. The dreaded C-word
Scientists Map Evolution Of HIV-Killing Antibody. Human tests were at least two years away, she said. \We are going to test them first on monkeys and if it works on monkeys
Relationship Rx. Similar to love, emotional intimacy is a profound mystery, which will not be penetrated. It is a daring undertaking, calling for an earnest commitment to continue learning about who we are and what our relationships are asking for.
One-Liners May Hint At Feelings About Health Care. Read more on USA Today Yes, the doctors will be here all week. And as these jokes show, so will jokes about doctors and the
Gene Mutations Linked With 65% Lower Risk Of Type 2 Diabetes. The New York Times reported that Pfizer and Amgen are already starting research on drug development that takes these new
Do You Need an Internet Intervention?. I find it unsettling that people are spending more time connected with each other online than in person. While I enjoy interacting with my friends on Facebook and have been reconnected with old acquaintances, I am starting to feel disconnected in other ways and have found myself exhibiting some unhealthy habits.
Do You Bully Yourself?. Most of us don't really mean to be bullies to ourselves. It's not really something that you consciously and willingly decide to do. You weren't born in a self-sabotaging state, which means that you acquired those habits and behaviors. And if you learn to self-hate, you can learn to self-love.
What Are You Putting in Your Pockets?. The bottom line is that you can choose a path other than clutter. It takes conscious awareness and deliberate action to change your story, but it absolutely can be done.
Fight Burnout at Work With This Quick Yoga Routine. I sit at a desk all day, as do most of my colleagues. And what better way to stretch it out than with a few yoga poses? This quick-hit routine is designed to make you feel alert, alive and fit as always.
Get Moving. As you may have heard, February was American Heart Month, an entire 28 days dedicated to raising national awareness of heart
Heroin Users. Methadone clinics are places that people with addiction to heroin and other opiates (pain medication) come to take methadone instead of heroin. All in all, it's a pretty darn good trade, and helps thousands of human beings break free of the shackles of heroin addiction and lead meaningful lives.
9 Lucky Symbols That Capture The True Meaning Of Wonder. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Staggering Disparity in Breast Cancer Diagnosis. Too many women who are faithful with their yearly mammographic screening have been denied equal access to an early diagnosis, which convey less treatment options and worse survival outcomes.
The Dilation of What Seems Ordinary. The normal way we meet the world is full of bumps and bruises and noise that scratches up the heart. And yet, if we can endure and lean in, we are widened and opened to a depth that weaves the tissue of the Universe together.
Why Matthew McConaughey Believes In The Science Of Gratitude. It's anything but unusual to hear award-winning actors thank God, their families and their film crews when they stand behind
If The Flu Vaccine Was Available As A Patch, Would You Be More Likely To Get It?. Researchers also examined the feasibility of self-administering such a patch, and found that \everyone was capable of administering
$1.5 Million Award in Autistic Child Tardive Dyskinesia Legal Case. There is a continuing need for prescribers, patients and their families to be warned about the dangers of psychiatric drugs
Destination Certification. Of course, the real conundrum in making this decision -- and it's a tricky one! -- is that everyone is inherently biased. No one gets certified by more than one of these organizations, so it's virtually impossible to compare each experience.
Some Young Stroke Patients May Face Problems Living Independently Later In Life. Stroke is much more common in older people, with only about 10 percent of strokes occurring in adults younger than age 50
The Best Parts Of Fruits And Veggies You're Not Eating. Most adults would benefit from one and a half to two cups of fruit and two to three cups of vegetables each day. But it might
9 Ways to Beat the Sunday Night Blues. In my practice, it is extremely common for people to report experiencing a spike in anxiety and depressive symptoms on Sundays. After nearly 20 years of practicing as a psychotherapist, I recommend the following.
5 Killer Life Coach Questions You Can Ask Yourself. The answers are within us. We have everything we need to create the lives we want. An old proverb says, \The best time to plant a tree is 20 years ago. The second-best time is now.\ Get busy now sowing the seeds of the life you want to flourish over the coming years.
Fighting For Enough Sleep... In Preschool?. Spencer said it's important to ask preschool teachers what the school's napping policy is, and how your child is adjusting
Chris Brown Has Been Diagnosed With Bipolar Disorder And PTSD. What Does That Mean?. Both bipolar disorder and PTSD can lead to sleep deprivation in people afflicted with these disorders. On Friday, singer
What To Order At The Sushi Counter. By Debbie Strong Many people view sushi as a delicious light lunch or dinner, but depending on what you order, this Japanese
11 Secrets To All-Day Energy. By Elizabeth Jenkins We've all been there
Meditation. It's no secret that scientists are abuzz about the benefits of meditation. Thousands of researchers, academics, and practitioners
10 Things I Learned From My Heart Rate Monitor. Getting intel from a gadget, sad as it may seem, is actually the most accurate way for me to tell when I've got more gas in the tank or when I'm overdoing it during exercise. And once the workout is over, I love seeing the big \calories burned\ number on my watch's display.
Ask Healthy Living. There is some concern that the air's dryness affects the nasal cavity, causing small cracks in the protective mucus lining
5 Lovely Ways to Celebrate the Power of Less. Without mental noise filling your awareness, you will make an important discovery. Peace is here. Presence is possible. You can be fully alive in your awesome life.
The Differences Between The Brains Of Insomniacs And Good Sleepers. While researchers expected plasticity to be higher among the good sleepers, they found that the people with insomnia actually
The Flu Rate Is Highest In This State. When it comes to the common cold, the rankings are different. Montana had the highest number of self-reported colds -- with
7 Wacky Races We're Dying to Try. I'm kinda over the same point-A-to-point-B road races. And plain pavement running in this weather? Please. So, I took a look around, and, shockingly, there are almost more unique, kooky, wait-I-have-to-sign-up-for-that fitness races in the winter than the tolerable-season months!
A Thousand Points of Light. It is astonishing to me that people still view heroin abuse and drug addiction as a \Hollywood problem\ and that -- despite the overwhelming data -- everyone still refuses to believe that overdoses are occurring daily in our own backyards.
All Right, All Right, All Right!. When I watched Mr. McConaughey's Golden Globes acceptance speech and he said the film had been turned down 86 times before the financing came through, I couldn't help but think about the taboos that still exist today for other sexually transmitted diseases. Namely, HPV.
'Dear Alcohol. Whether I was sad or happy or bored or lonely, it was there to comfort me and make me feel all better. We started off really happy together. But like most relationships that end, it had a tendency to get ugly. This particular relationship, the one with booze, became destructive, unhealthy and toxic.
Forming a Family, Step by Step. Throughout my life, having a solid stepladder has steadied me and helped me to reach higher.  At first I might have tread lightly, but now my footing is firm.  I just take it one step at a time.
Are You Living Your Resume or Eulogy?. In this week's vlog, I talk about why it can be challenging for us to focus on what truly matters and why we're often caught up in our desire to \get ahead\ (aka focus on our resume).
Healing Vigilante. But it all filters down appropriately into one very scientific and professional term
The Secret To Finding The Perfect-Sized Mattress. Along with his skates and his performance attire, figure skater Jeremy Abbott's luggage for the 2014 Sochi Olympic Games
Getting Ready to Go Off to College When You Have a Chronic Disease Like Type I Diabetes. I happen to know something about this because my daughter, Marejka, was diagnosed with type I diabetes five months before she left home to attend Stanford University. Needless to say, that was a challenging time for both my daughter and our family.
Married Men More Likely to Be Overweight. If you both make health a priority, and make it  team approach, you can help each other develop life long healthy habits.
Olympic Gold Medalist Jamie Anderson. I hear you had mala beads on when you won, can you explain what they mean to you? Watching Jamie Anderson go down a hill
How Contaminated Is Your Doctor's Stethoscope, Really?. The researchers also pointed out that previous studies show that most doctors (70 to 90 percent) don't disinfect their stethoscopes
Your Medications and Your Breakfast Could Be a Deadly Combination. \u2022 If you have an infection and take the antibiotic Erythromycin. What are the facts that you need to know to take your medications
Proposed Food Label Changes a Win With Physician. The impetus for change is to make nutritional information easier to understand, so that consumers can pick up products on the grocery shelf and easily determine if it's a good choice for themselves and their family.  However, nutrition labeling is tricky for a variety of reasons.
Move of the Day. By implementing these moves into your daily routine you will begin to see noticeable changes in your body and an improved mental focus!
What's New and Cool in the Fitness Sphere?. \u2022 Burn This -- BurnThis gives users the ability to connect their boutique fitness classes with their social networks, creating
Go for Gold!. Just think, if no one ever told you that you couldn't do something wouldn't you be less likely to doubt yourself  -- if you doubted yourself at all? Never ever ever be the one to doubt yourself.  Never.
Reflections on What the Olympics Can Teach Us About Going for Gold. \u2022 Food does a body good. While children are encouraged to try new foods and focus on how big, strong, and able their bodies
Why Internships Really Are Worth The Headache. Internships are complex for young, ambitious hopefuls. On one hand, they're thrilled to gain access to that most coveted
High-Calorie Diet Could Extend Survival For ALS Patients. The new findings, published in the journal The Lancet, are based on data from 20 people with ALS; the study was conducted
Postcards From Lebanon. \Drivin down the wrong side of the road...\ Ricky Riddle I had planned a trip with some dear friends (angels, actually) for
The Eating Disorder I Was Too Ashamed to Talk About. Through recovery, I've become friends with the strongest, kindest, smartest and most creative women I've ever met. This week, I've been privileged to be inspired by the amazing recovery stories they share. Those voices of recovery are one of the strongest weapons we have in the fight against eating disorders.
All Creatures Great and Small. I've written many blogs about the importance of mourning for human beings (see my earlier blog, \Counting My People\), so
The Harmful Reality of Restricting Drug Choices. Clearly the goal of reducing the enormous cost burden of prescribed drugs is a legitimate one. If a drug that costs $200 a year is just as good as one that costs $2,000, restricting the latter makes sense.  But the situation is not that simple.
Meditation. When we leave our meditative peace, we can feel we have failed. Our sense of unity gone, we feel guilty. We can quickly lose
Riding the Wisdom Buzz. This experience made me realize that mindfulness is not just about being present in the moment, feeling good, productive or living a happier or healthy life. It is also about being aware of our connection to a broader reality in which one's actions ripple out, affecting others.
How to Be Your Own Inspiration. What if we could wear blinders too -- sort of metaphorically -- to keep us focused on our own path without comparing ourselves to others? Could we be calmer and live better, just like the horses? I think so. Here are a few ways to do that.
A South Pacific Root Could Be Promising Against Bladder Cancer. Kava has been used for thousands of years throughout the Pacific Islands as a social and ceremonial beverage; in the Hawaiian
Meditation Will Enlighten Your Path. If you love the direction in which your life is moving, apply more pressure to the accelerator and keep going! If you don't like the direction, you have the ability to stop and shift. Meditation and reflection will help you move from where you are to where you want to be.
The Relationship 'Onion'. A very useful way to look at the structure of relationships in our lives is to think of an onion. It has many layers, just like the circles in which we associate.
Another Benefit Of Winning An Oscar?. This Sunday, a handful of stars will go home empty handed from the 2014 Academy Awards show. Not only will they be left with
Patricia Richardson Offers Support On Rare Disease Day. Richardson, whose father passed away from a rare brain disorder called progressive supranuclear palsy (PSP) nearly a decade
But Procrastination Feels So Right.... Procrastination, when we put off doing something we are supposed to, is a form of avoidance. Like other forms of avoidance, procrastination can feel right or justified. Unlike social anxiety, phobias, and other forms of avoidance, however, it can be difficult to pinpoint when it is happening.
Childhood Obesity. The headline in the New York Times, was
Animal Study Paves Way For Future Psoriasis Treatment. In their experiments, the scientists grafted samples of tissue from the lesions of people with psoriasis onto genetically
Heroin No Longer Happens Somewhere Else. It was yet another sad case, another horrific way of validating that heroin is no longer the scourge of the streets, the back alleys and the abandoned buildings of the cities. It's no longer the thing celebrities do, or even celebrities you'd easily suspect.
The Gifted Speaker. Take a breath. Relax and take a moment to be with yourself. Center yourself and breathe again. You're ready to speak. Before
MARS Is Retrograde. You may be familiar with the frustration of Mercury retrograde, when the world seems to go haywire, because of miscommunications and breakdowns. Now it's time to pay attention to your \actions\ because Mars will be retrograde on March 1st.
3 Things We Learned From the Winter Olympics. If you're like me, much of your free time in February was spent glued to the TV. I know, I know; I'm always a proponent of
Breaking Free From the Myth of Independence. One of the greatest gifts available among the many that great relationships offer, is the assistance that our partner provides in the face of the challenges that life inevitably serves up to us. We can meet those challenges with confidence, and can afford to take on those that are bigger, grander, and more exciting, resting into the assurance that we are fully supported.
Monks Have Found The Key To A Productive Workday And A Fulfilling Life (And It Includes Beer). Soap \With two small crock pots and four molds, the most he can make is 100 bars a day, and he can barely keep up with demand
Compassion, Music, Laughter. This is not a plug for my book. I just feel a profound connection to the work that Arianna is doing. Our emotional wellbeing
After Recovering From A Brain Tumor, Anthony Belfiore Lost 100 Pounds. Got a success story of your own? Send it to us at success.stories@huffingtonpost.com and you could be featured in our I Lost
Finding the Balance Between Good Stress and Good Relaxation. It is important to find stress reduction techniques to counteract the negatives in life. With relaxation tips and changes to your daily routine, you can find the state of calmness that will produce a healthier you.
How to Be Nicer to Yourself. When you are nicer to yourself, you'll create a more fabulous world for yourself. Treat both you and everyone around you with kindness and respect, and your entire life-perspective will shift to a more joyful place!
The One-Minute Manager Gets 'Fit at Last'. The most important message I got from their book is the value of enrolling others in helping you achieve what your commitment. Don't try to go it alone. We humans are social creatures and we do much better when we surround ourselves with people who share our vision and values.
Researchers Puzzled Over Link Between Anorexia And Having A Twin. The study was published online Feb. 18 in the American Journal of Epidemiology. The study followed more than 2 million Swedish
Vicious Cycle Of Weight Gain And Inactivity Causes Obesity, Studies Show. Previous studies on inactivity and obesity have included data gathered by people's self-reports, Archer said, with participants
This Is What It Truly Means To Persevere. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Eating Like You Mean It. For nearly a decade now, I've been working with folks who struggle with eating, and nearly every one of them, at some point
9 Strategies to Fight Your Enemy for Fat Loss. You've had a stressful day yet diligently maintained your healthy eating plan, but then you're watching Sex and the City reruns when suddenly you realize your favorite food sits in the fridge. One bite can't hurt, right?
10 Things I Learned From Oprah and Madonna About Success. Oprah and Madonna call forth an energy in many of us that has lain stagnate for so long, clouded by suffering, self-judgement
The Reward of Healing. Although it's less apparent, tending to your feelings is just as crucial as important in maintaining a healthy heart and body.
What Cancer Took Away From Me (and What It Gave Back). It sucks to have cancer at 19. Sometimes, it's hard to look forward when you think your entire life is moving backwards. But as my body gets stronger each day, my ability to see a brighter future grows with it.
Searching for a Great Psychotherapist. The notion of acknowledging the need for professional help and calling a perfect stranger regarding matters that are deeply personal is a very hard thing to do.  This does not make all that go away, but be well aware that the first phone call for virtually everyone is daunting.
What's All the Fuss About the Dalai Lama?. Now more than ever as we grapple with dire realities such as severe weather changes, political meltdowns, and technological
Physically Fit in Just 7 Minutes a Day. So, that begs the questions
Arm and Shoulder Giant Set Workout and SMART Goal Writing for Dummies. Try not to focus on those \trouble areas\ every day. Your body is amazing, no matter what it looks like today. Down on yourself? Give yourself a compliment and move on. You rock, I swear!
Do I Look Fat?. If you are not sure if your life and you are more than the size of your body, I can assure you that your life and you are. You are the one and only you that has had your unique set of life experiences, thoughts, feelings opinions and talents. You are your smile, your love of music, nature, art and any and all qualities that make you unique.
Feel Your Feelings and Improve Your Health, Happiness and Relationships. The truth is no emotion surfaces from something outside of us -- it can only come up if it is already within us. People, places and situations don't make us feel anything; we choose to feel through our perceptions and through our conditioned filters.
The Olympics and the Power of Stories for a Better Life. Through their narratives, we found a connection to the super humans of the Olympics. They showed us how to persevere against odds, how to show respect, and if those in fierce competition with each other can show kindness, maybe we can learn to do the same.
The Best Health-Themed Movie of 2013. Never let important messages in films go overlooked by your admiration for the acting and writing. Let films such as these be a gateway for helping us all to live healthier and more enjoyable lives.
Cleaning Out My Kitchen. For more from Maria Rodale, visit www.mariasfarmcountrykitchen.com Feeling trapped is a horrible thing. And I think it's
Is Packing Your Kid's Lunch an Anti-Obesity Tool?. We have no control over the genes we endow our kids with, so go ahead, blame us if you weren't born a calorie-burning furnace
Dealing With Love. To love what we do, to love our life, to love other people, to love ourselves... Isn't that what we live for? How somber
If Your Cat Is Fat, Try a High-Moisture Diet. Not All Canned Cat Food is Equally Nutritious If your budget can't accommodate human grade or even premium canned cat food
The Power of Intention to Create a Business and Life You Love. Whether working towards a goal, trying to build a fulfilling relationship, or doing anything else worthwhile in this life, many of us fail to act with intention. And when intention is missing, things often go awry.
Are Your Pet's Toys Toxic?. In the process of training a lab, you do a lot of work with these plastic bumpers. I have a lot of bumpers in my garage, and
How to Relax and Renew Yourself Right This Moment. Breeeeeathe. Deeply. Gently. Exhale... Breathe in \Rest... Release... Renewal.\ Give your body a gentle, fluid permission
Saba Gul Gave Up Her Six-Figure Salary To Help Pakistan. \What did I really do to deserve to be here?\ she asked herself. The question weighed so heavily on Gul\u2019s mind, it prompted
California Slaughterhouse Allegedly Sold Meat From Cows With Cancer. Bill Niman, the former owner of Niman Ranch who is widely considered a pioneer of humane and sustainable livestock farming
3 Things I Would Like Health Care Workers to Know About Hospice Caregiving. While caregivers may be extremely successful in other areas of their life, very little prepares them for the responsibility of caring for their loved one. Few caregivers have done this before.  It is an emotional marathon.
'Shoe Rubber' Chemical Removed From Subway Bread Found In Nearly 500 Common Foods. Footlong fans breathed a sigh of relief at the beginning of February, when sandwich chain Subway announced that it was removing
The Gift of Tears. There is a richness to an emotional life.  A gift in feeling.  It is a blessing to be aware enough of that which goes on inside and around us.  It is a great gift to us as human beings that we can take in, process, and express our feelings.
The Best Foods For Headaches. Experts agree that knowing your triggers is one of the best ways to avoid the searing or pounding pain of a headache. Triggers
7 Strength-Training Tips For Beginners. 7 Strength-Training Tips For Beginners originally appeared on Health.com By Jennifer Cohen Strength training can be intimidating
Life's Work. Being as fully as I can in my work has been an important realization in my own life. Being has guided me to make decisions that are not motivated by a desire for achievement, but by a desire to do work I find truly meaningful, work that makes me feel alive.
The Quiet Work of Awareness. After spending the first day of the retreat mostly in silence, we began the second day with some walking meditation. Outdoors in the sunshine, surrounded by beautiful northern California redwood forests, I practiced walking and breathing mindfully.
Heart to Heart. The hole was determined to be a congenital condition. I'd had it my entire life, and never knew it! The hole was large, and a couple months later I would have heart surgery to close it and protect my life.
A Surprisingly Simple Way To Outwit Comfort Food Cravings. Dietitians often recommend that getting to the root cause of your negative emotions -- or simply allowing yourself to feel
The Dalai Lama On How Technology Influences Our Daily Lives (VIDEO). With more than 8 million Twitter followers, the outside observer may assume that His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama knows a
5 Ways to Have a Worry-Free Day. Most of us are worrying too much on a daily basis.  Worrying is not  productive, and most of this worry limits our ability to think, produce, perform, and live life. I have several simple and effective strategies for managing daily worries that work for children, tweens, teens, and adults alike.
This Is Your Brain on Drugs. \This is your brain. This is drugs. This is your brain on drugs. Any questions?\ -- Script for PSA by Partnership for a Drug
When Dying Meets Denial. More often than not, denial serves and supports individuals and their families as they integrate the difficult business of dying into their lives. But now and then, we meet someone so fixed in their denial that it indeed stands in the way of their dying how and where they want.
Back at the Ultra-Marathon Distance. Falling in love with trail running inevitably led to a very valuable lesson, which is to not run by distance or by pace or even by time. To run when the body says run, to walk when the body says walk and never to stress about not completing a workout.
10 Signs He's Cheating. Past behavior is often an indicator of current or future behavior, even in relationships.  If he's done it before it only makes it easier to do it again.
It's Time to Get Over It!. If your personal growth work involves only analyzing yourself, processing your past, and pontificating or planning your future, you will not shift on an energetic level.  Stop playing it so safe of you want different results.
A Cancer Patient's Guide to Wedding Planning. Planning a wedding is an expensive and logistically complicated undertaking, and it is often the first (and only) large party you will throw. But you should never feel inferior, whether it's because you are in a wheelchair, can't afford a photobooth, or simply don't give a damn about the centerpieces.
Cadillac Made A Commercial About The American Dream, And It's A Nightmare. As one YouTube commenter wrote, \I'd take more vacation any day over a Cadillac.\ Amen to that. Cadillacs have long been
Virtual Reality Could Help Amputees With Phantom-Limb Pain. Current treatments for phantom pain include drugs, acupuncture, hypnosis and \mirror therapy,\ which involves an amputee
The 27 Best Alternative Gyms In America. The phrase \there's something for everyone\ has never been so apt. These 27 \gyms\ are changing the way we think about working
'Shocking, Outrageous And Genuinely Frightening'. A coalition of more than 40 health care, consumer and addiction treatment groups is urging the Food and Drug Administration
What Mindfulness Is -- And Isn't. \Mindfulness\ refers to that move where you notice your mind wandered. With mindfulness you monitor whatever goes on within the mind. \Meditation\ means the whole class of ways to train attention, mindfulness among them.
Researchers Find Brain Trauma Disease In A Soccer Player. Chronic traumatic encephalopathy, the degenerative brain disease linked to repeated blows to the head, has been found posthumously
What The Dalai Lama Thinks Of The Mindful Revolution. Greater meaning in life and better health? Mindfulness might be here to stay after all. Watch the live-broadcast conversation
10 Strategies for Fat Loss and Healthy Eating on a Budget. Here's the thing
The Process, Part 5. I vowed to The Beautiful and Talented Wife when we were married that I would be there for her through sickness and health, and after seven very healthy years the sickness part was now presenting itself.
The Real Autism 'Epidemic'. If the word epidemic is apt in describing an unaccountable experience that affects us in a widespread manner, it best applies to those adolescents and adults over the age of 21 who have \aged out.\
7 Spots Where You Wish You Could Meditate. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Working With Mindfulness. Whether we work in highly-demanding environments or are doing tasks that aren't particularly stimulating, we can all benefit from training ourselves to be more mindful about where and how we place our precious attention.
A Sin at the Intersection of Faith, Religion and Mental Health. It's easier to help a person stay alive and open the dialogue on reasons to live slowly, with a delicate pair of pliers, rather than the sledgehammer of \suicide is a sin.\
Sadly, Tech Addicts Have Taken a Page From Drug Abusers. In essence, whenever intensely-pleasurable and arousing substances, like cocaine and crystal meth, or experiences, like shopping, video-gaming, gambling and sex, become more readily affordable and accessible, the potential for addiction rears its ugly head.
16 Habits Of Highly Sensitive People. 10. They're more prone to anxiety or depression (but only if they've had a lot of past negative experiences). 1. They feel
'Just Keep Truckin' On'. Having the entrepreneurial spirit is an amazing thing. I would never want to relinquish the tenacity, unwavering belief or
Stuck in Love -- The One That Got Away. From the first time I saw you I loved you and you unlocked my heart with that first kiss. I am going to try to remember the
The Loss of a Lifetime. What did it mean that there were no handbooks for me? That people asked me to be strong in the face of the biggest loss I'd ever experienced or imagined? At times I felt like I didn't deserve to feel so shattered, especially in the shadow of my parents' immense loss.
The Fifth Force. The journey of life is really about living into our authentic selves. The first big gotcha is to hide that fact from us, to enculturate us in ways that foster the interests of society as a whole or of an elite few, while organizing the rest of us to conform and thereby consume.
I Feel Like Fred Astaire. I don't personally know Dr. Langer so we haven't danced together, but she is a guru of mindfulness, which is the real term
Why I've Never Truly Let Love in Before. February 2010
The A, B, ZZZs of Yoga. How do you deal with a busy brain that won't let you get to sleep? My go-to nightcap is yoga. It's kind of like that warm glass of milk that helps you wind down and get ready for bed.
What Nature Taught Me This Week. We've all heard that nature is one of humanity's greatest teachers -- but we have to listen. Well, it seems my ears have been particularly receptive this past week with a number of lessons heard and emphasized.
Increase in ADHD Runs Parallel With Decrease in Physical Activity. Physical activity may work just as well if not better than strong drugs in countering the symptoms of ADHD. Yet we live in a culture where people are conditioned to want a quick fix for everything, and with a medical system that has learned to provide it.
3 Steps to End Any Argument. Arguments are a normal part of life -- it's certainly not expected that you never disagree with the people that you care about. But what can help is finding a way to disagree that doesn't drive a wedge between the two of you.
5 Strength Moves That Burn Fat Fast. More from Shape.com
31 Benefits of Exercise Supported by Research. Being in shape is not just about looking good at the beach or being able to lift the heaviest weights, but having a baseline of strength, muscular endurance, cardiovascular capacity and flexibility so you can lead a fuller, healthier life.
The Difference Between Stress And Anxiety. \u201cWhen it comes to stress, you know what you\u2019re dealing with -- a looming deadline, bills, picking up the kids,\u201d Spiegel says
Missing in Action. It's estimated that fraud costs the U.S. economy $400 billion each year. You find it in every country of the world. Many
Surprise. It seems there\u2019s always a new reminder of Americans\u2019 poor eating habits. Michelle Obama\u00a0today \u00a0introduced a proposal\u00a0aimed
Single-Injection Drug For Knee Osteoarthritis Approved By FDA. The company's shares rose about 33 percent to $45.98 in extended trading after the approval for Monovisc, which is already
What's Wrong With Us? Three Names, One Place, a Company and a Substance. Instead of the unending beauty pageant, my colleagues could all rally around the fundamentals of healthful eating, which are in fact well-established. But I guess the allure of fame and fortune is just too great.
How to Make Yourself Do Something When You Just Don't Want To. Thinking about the consequences of failure, ignoring your feelings and engaging in detailed planning don't sound as fun as advice like \Follow your passion!\ or \Stay positive!\  But they have the decided advantage of actually being effective -- which, as it happens, is exactly what you'll be if you use them.
Say It So You Lift Your Spirits. Conversely, knowing where you shine (temperament and talent) means you can make smarter choices about how you work and live
The Way of Mindfulness With Paul McCartney, Richard Gere, Deepak Chopra and Jean Houston. Mindfulness is a hot buzzword at the moment, furthered by Time magazine having \The Mindful Revolution\ on its front cover. But what does mindfulness look like in practice? What difference does it make on a day-to-day basis? How does it change our lives?
WATCH. For EFT with kids, please visit
Obesity Drops Among Preschool-Age Kids, Study Finds. More than 68 percent of U.S. adults were obese or overweight, with 34.9 percent being obese (with a body mass index of 30
Six Lessons From the Dalai Lama. This week, the Dalai Lama was in Washington, D.C. to discuss happiness. Who among us couldn't benefit from a crash course in that elusive goal?
Want to Be a Better Leader? Let's Follow the Science. We all know a leader (or two) who works excruciatingly long hours and boasts about his or her lack of sleep. This person uses exhaustion as sign of work ethic, and lack of sleep as a taunt to others to work harder.
Dying of a Heroin Overdose Does Not Make You a Scumbag. Overdosing on heroin doesn't make you a scumbag. Having a drink after 20 years of sobriety doesn't make you weak. Having an addiction is not a moral choice.  In fact, I think it is accurate to say that having an addiction is not a choice at all.
6 Free Screenings You Should Get Now. Thanks to the Affordable Care Act (ACA), many preventive tests are now available for free. But with such a comprehensive list of screening options, it is hard to know where to begin. Start small with these six screenings.
The Rest They Need. One of the first challenges for a physician faced with a pediatric sleep problem is to identify who actually has the problem
What Makes Men (And Women) Happy? A 75-Year Study's Revelation. If the longest running study has found that for men \happiness is love,\ then it's worth generating more love in our lives. If you do anything this week, take a few minutes out, give yourself this gift and experiment with this practice.
'When I Grow Up, I Want to Be an Alcoholic,' Says No One Ever. We were all kids at one time who had big dreams. None of us grew up thinking it would be fun to struggle with addiction. But the thing is, you don't see it coming. And by the time you do it's usually too late.
Journey to the Center of Your Grief. We come to find that our child is most certainly a part of us, and we of them, no matter how far the physical distance between
Price Of A Gluten-Free Diet Can Be Hard To Swallow. That number appears likely to rise. \It used to be that a piece of gluten-free bread tasted like the cardboard box it came
Depression Should Be Considered Risk Factor For Heart Disease, Panel Says. \Many studies have reported that depression predicts increased mortality, but it's rare to delve into this kind of research
A Spiritual Guide To Being A Venture Capitalist. During my journey to becoming a VC, I picked up bits and pieces of wisdom, which I would like to impart with now. Back in
Diabetes Ups Stroke Risk For Women. By Liza Baskin Among the women, the risk of stroke increased as HbA1c increased. The authors mentioned a few limitations
Protect Yourself From Secondhand Stress. Researchers have long known about the phenomenon of contagious stress. Partly, it's a function of our brains being wired to mirror the actions and emotions of others.
A Breast Cancer Journey. I was out on a local trail five days after my surgery, and two weeks after, I climbed 10,069-foot Mt. Baldy.  I climbed it again two weeks after my oophorectomy, because that's what I do on Sundays.  It was also my way of flipping the bird to breast cancer.
Is This A Source Of BPA Exposure?. The study, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, shows that people who handled thermal paper receipts
7 Cultures That Celebrate Aging And Respect Their Elders. Arianna Huffington described an experience of Greek elderly respect in her book, On Becoming Fearless
Selfies Spread Lice, Expert Claims. In any case, the CDC has some tips for lice prevention -- and first on the list is to \avoid head-to-head (hair-to-hair) contact
Michelle Obama, Will Ferrell Team Up For 'Let's Move!' Focus Group (VIDEO). Michelle Obama's \Let's Move!\ campaign is now four years old, so the First Lady teamed up with actor/comic Will Ferrell
FDA Approves Drug For Rare Body Fat Disorder. The drug, Myalept (metreleptin), is a form of leptin meant to reduce accumulation of fat in organs to better control blood
In Treating Insomnia, One Size Does Not Fit All. Why is it important to differentiate between the two groups of insomniacs? Because those who actually sleep fewer than six
Terminal C. Every day we have an opportunity to learn a lesson, if we listen closely and see.  I am grateful to learn and for these opportunities to make my life better so I can enjoy life, and hope you can take advantage of these little opportunities, too.
National Eating Disorders Awareness Week. Eating disorders happen behind closed doors. Signs are frequently overlooked (particularly among minorities), even by medical professionals... until the damage is undeniable.
Motivated By His Dad, 22-Year-Old Troy Fox Lost 230 Pounds. After Weight
Protecting Yourself. Anyone struggling with a chronic condition, especially one invisible to others, faces that vexing question.  What do we tell prospective employers, what do we owe them -- at the same time protecting ourselves.  There is no easy answer.
Work-Life Balance. Here is something that will stop you from scheduling date nights or time with your kids... not knowing what you are going
This February, America Went Red in Fight Vs. Heart Disease in Women. Our work against heart disease continues. While we appreciate and enjoy the added attention in February, I look forward to continuing our discussion on this vital area the rest of the year, too.
Some Asthma Patients May Be Overmedicated, Doctors Say. \Right now, the recommendation is to reduce a patient's therapy once the asthma is controlled for at least three months,\ Mastronarde
Keeping Legal Drinking Age At 21 Saves 900 Lives Yearly. \The evidence is clear that there would be consequences if we lowered the legal drinking age,\ said study researcher William
Clinics At Pharmacies And Grocery Stores Aren't For Kids, Doctors Say. Providers at retail-based clinics often lack specialty training in children's health issues, and may overlook underlying
10 Apps To Help You Get The Health Care You Need. Finding the right doctor can be tricky. There's a whole number of things to take into consideration
Stand Up Straight. Good posture and balance also have health significance far beyond looking taller without heels or being able to look like a tree in yoga class.  These two traits are critically important in preventing falls, one of the major causes of death among the older population.
LOOK. Here's even more incentive for older people to limit the amount of time they spend sitting each day. New research published
9 Things You Probably Didn't Know About Dreaming. People who remember their dreams show different brain activity. A 2014 study found more spontaneous activity in a part of
Backstage at the Universe. This wasn't knowledge offered up by my intellect, but rather a sense of knowing that came from deep within. And so I carried
Avoid Mental Masturbation. About the author
No Longer Selling My Soul for Love. I believed that unless I had an open-door policy, eventually no one would come knocking and I would be rendered lonely and isolated. I can laugh at that now, but back then, my \savior behavior\ that had me believing that I needed to be spontaneously available to provide whatever was asked of me, as an insurance policy against abandonment.
Confessing Depression. Many of you will read this confession and feel embarrassed for me, or even sad. Don't. I'm not ashamed. In fact, I'm actually pretty damn proud of my ability to overcome it and live a successful life
Happiness After Holocaust. Humanity's dark side leaves everyone ashamed
From Conception to an Olympic Athlete. Starting athletics well before pregnancy helps even more, as well trained moms can be more active in pregnancy. Higher volume
5 Good Reasons To Go For A Less Intense Workout. You can use a \talk test\ to estimate your intensity
Say Goodbye to the Girls. I woke up today without my beautiful breasts. Swapped them out for no cancer -- a pretty good deal for me.
Thanks Bode, for Letting Us See a Grieving Brother Cry. Maybe NBC should have pulled the camera away sooner, but I don't regret that the world got to see how much Bode Miller loved and missed his little brother. His show of grief likely will help other grieving brothers and sisters with sorrow much more raw than mine.
How The Light In A Room Could Affect Your Emotions. When the study participants were under the brighter lighting, their emotions were more intense
A Constant Bullying. Most of us pay no heed to our mythology. It's the water we swim in, and we take it completely for granted. Or worse, we discount whatever smells of mythology. \That's just a myth,\ the saying goes, meaning an untruth, something believed without a shred of evidence.
Can (And Should) You Trust Yourself?. If you believe future-you can't be trusted, you'll never even try to plan for the long term. Why save for retirement or eat healthfully if you think future-you will exploit the benefits you give him? To succeed, we need hope to spring eternal. We have to believe that we're trustworthy.
These Olympic Athletes Show Us How To Spread The Winning Spirit. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Harold Ramis Dies From Complications Of Autoimmune Inflammatory Vasculitis. While the condition can be treated with medications and steroids, it can come back, according to the Mayo Clinic. Harold
Petting Away Depression. Depression has a strongest weapon, and that weapon is isolation. It will pull you back from your friends and family, you'll
How To Love. Learning to love yourself is foundational for being able to love others. The more you learn to be kind and gentle with yourself, rather than judgmental and rejecting, the more loving you will be with others.
Fitness Websites Aim To Provide Social Support As Well As Workouts. \I do think online fitness formats that have social community are successful,\ said exercise physiologist Jessica Matthews
Code Lavender and Preventing PTSD in Health Care. Code lavender has been touted as a burnout prevention tool in the press. It actually serves a totally different function in the stressful world of the hospital.
Chronic Illness' Opportunity for Patients and Providers. While I don't think anyone with a chronic illness would chose it, many of us have found it has added something to our lives we're not sure we want to give up. And in many ways, it has made us the best of ourselves.
When We Use Fate As A Scapegoat. The researchers found an association between having a harder time making a decision between Obama and Romney, and having
How to Overcome the Negative Effects of Shift Work. In addition to long-term effects, shifting your sleep has an immediate impact on how you feel and function. If you are unable to change your work time, you can still minimize the short-term negative effects of shifting your sleep schedule with behavioral interventions such as light therapy, keeping a consistent shift, moderate caffeine consumption and scheduled naps.
Abortion and Mental Health. The study grabbed my attention not only as an opportunity to learn more about the whole of rural women's and health care providers' experiences, but also because of some notable parallels between the delivery of mental health and reproductive health in rural health care systems.
Pediatricians. Dr. David Fenner of Children's Medical Group spoke to the Wall Street Journal. After talking with a family and they still
The Best Foods To Ease Anxiety. Anxiety disorders typically require medication or psychotherapy or both -- but that doesn't mean lifestyle changes are totally
Dare to Be 100. A minute's reflection reveals that such a relationship must be. If one or another of the separate functions were not participating
Study Reveals Just How Abysmal Our Exercise Habits Are. \u201cWe\u2019ve engineered physical activity out of our daily lives and that\u2019s causing the health disparities that we have in this
Zero Motivation to Go to Work? 10 Tips. Instead of focusing on all the reasons you really don't want to go to work, focus on the good parts. You are alive. You have a job. You aren't really sick, etc. Gratitude promotes positive thinking that attracts good energy.
Mercury Retrograde. Yes...it's Mercury Retrograde--and great things can still happen!
8 Things About You That Increase Your Child's Risk for Obesity and Unhealthy Eating Habits. I'm happy to keep my \non-fun\ mom status if that means that I can help my son be a healthy eater and maintain a normal weight throughout his life. One day he'll pass the same habits down to his kids and perhaps then he'll realize just how \fun\ being healthy, staying fit and avoiding sickness can really be.
'Your Money or Your Life!'. Overall, expanding towards \whole person success\ means enlarging your entire being and creative passion about life, including the freedom to just \be\ more fully -- in work, in how you relate to others and how you \live\ your values in your actual conduct.
The Word We All Love...That Makes Us Miserable. Am I saying you shouldn't dream of things you want in life, of goals and people and situations you want to achieve or meet
The Top 5 Excuses for Not Practicing Mindfulness and How You Can Do It Anyway. Over the years, I found that I expanded these bite size mindfulness exercises into full-blown practices in my own life. Now I sit and meditate every morning, and try to approach life in a more mindful way.
Sleeping With the Band. This music legend views sleep as the gas in his tank. He drinks his coffee strong in the morning and kayaks or bicycles three days a week. \Of all the things I do for myself, routine really helps. You've got to see the big picture.\
Daily Multivitamin Use Linked With Lower Cataract Risk For Men. \If multivitamins really do reduce the risk of cataract, even by a modest 10 percent, this rather small reduction would nonetheless
Destination Certification. It's one thing to find a great love and mouth off about it. It's another entirely to be trained to do so. So I'm embarking on the \Let's make it official!\ leg of this passion
Color Vision Problems May Get More Common In Elderly Age. Most of us anticipate our eyesight getting worse as we get older
Mindfulness in Everyday Life. I listened carefully as he spoke. I took notes. I mulled over in detail his main points. Since that day, I have steeped, like tea, in the essence of his message. My sense is that if he were to write a \Dear Dalai Lama\ column, this is what he might say.
Just Hang in There -- But For How Long?. The need to be willing to raise the difficult questions, express concerns, share feelings, and confront issues directly and openly is the best way to prevent the possibility of a long drawn out deterioration of your marriage
6 Ways to Defeat Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD). As with other mood disorders surrounding yourself with understanding, supportive, and encouraging people can help lift your spirits. Find people whom you trust and lean on them for support and plan such activities as movies and dinners.
Tone Your Booty Like Olympic Hockey Player Julie Chu in One Move. In Chu's rigorous training on and off the rink, she focuses on core and lower-body moves -- 'cause when she's making her way across the ice in a game, someone's usually right on her tail.
Addiction Doesn't Have to Be a Lifelong Sentence. There's no need to adopt a \no solution\ mentality when it comes to addiction. What if, instead, everything begins and ends with the power of love to heal and transform? I think it does.
Three Ways to Deal With the Poison Person. I often wonder if negative people ever realize just how much their bad vibe affects everyone else.
The 10 Roads to Truth. Truth can be both objective and subjective; there are irrefutable and opinion-oriented truths. Being that truth is largely relevant to each of us, we often find ourselves asking
Breath in Motion. Let your breath find its own rhythm. Nothing is as close to you as your own breath. Some breaths may be long and deep, and others shorter. Like the ocean waves, flowing in and out, all breaths are not the same.
Average Obese Woman Gets Just 1 Hour Of Exercise A Year. A new study suggests that obese women get just one hour of vigorous exercise a year, while obese men don't do much better
Marijuana May Prevent Blindness In Retinitis Pigmentosa Sufferers. But it may be too early to break out the celebratory spliffs. Researchers note in the study that they were not able to identify
10 Easy At-Work Workouts. Next time you can't bring yourself to stop at the gym on your way home from the office, don't sweat it. You don't need to force exercise after work, when there's desk-ercise at work.
Research Shows Meditation Curbed PTSD In African Refugees. Find out more about the amazing effects of meditation on African refugees in the full HuffPost Live conversation below. Here's
What to Do With Emotions. Your emotions are your feedback system. Practice receiving the information and then responding to it. Otherwise you'll end up just looping in the same emotion over and over and over and over.
Is This Why Some People Are Able To Remember Their Dreams Better Than Others?. \This may explain why high dream recallers are more reactive to environmental stimuli, awaken more during sleep, and thus
What Upstate New York Can Teach The Rest Of The Country About Living Well. And state lawmakers don't just regulate safety
Grief and Healing. For me, any outside source or force asking me when I'll get better is going to be met with irritation. But if I do the asking, if I wonder -- myself -- what healing or recovery might look like, then it becomes a very different question.
8 Mantras That Prove Less Really Is More. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Can We Unmuddle Mammography?. A new study of mammography, showing lack of survival benefit, has once again muddied these waters and muddled the relevant messaging.
Self-Love Doesn't Include My Body, Does It?. So do yourself a favor this week. When you start picking at yourself, stop. Give yourself some love and affection instead. Your brain -- and your body -- will thank you for it.
Why Mindful Eating Is So Hard and Why You Should Do It Anyway. Meditation has provided me with one key to mindfulness, which is to not make judgments on the thoughts and emotions that well up. Just note them (and feel them) and turn back to the designated object of attention.
Parental Guidance. My dad may no longer be able to hold me in his arms and raise me high, but every day he lifts me in spirit and helps me to see the world through his wise eyes, often in a whole new light.
What Are You Waiting For?. Turns out, not giving me a stripe didn't have anything to do with me, really. There are over 150 students who take Kung Fu
The Long Winter of Grief. The process of grief is sometimes likened to a cold, dark period of gloom. It affects us physically, psychologically, behaviorally and spiritually.
Aggressive Prostate Cancer Linked To Mutations In 8 Genes. By Rachael Rettner, Senior Writer Published
Keep Going -- We Believe in You. Among all the lessons borne from losing my husband to cancer, the one I see clearest is this
Gills, Pills and Obesity Genes. Human beings don't have gills, and there are genes to blame. But the right response looks like swimming lessons, and lifeguards, and fences around pools -- not studying genes while pushing kids into the surf. Not a new pill to fix an age-old part of who we are that was never really broken.
Are You Counting Calories Wrong?. Most diet plans make eating right seem like a numbers game
Giving Yourself a Basic Education About Funeral Planning Now. A guide to pet loss When researching online resources for funeral planning pay close attention to the vested interest of
Don't Hide the Candy!. As an all-or-nothing society, we push ourselves to accomplish unachievable goals and fail miserably rather than maintain a sense of balance and moderation. Consider diets in general.  We automatically assume they are temporary because we recognize it is impossible to completely restrict oneself forever. Instead, consider making small changes over time.
Why I've Stopped Putting Anyone on a Pedestal. As Henry David Thoreau said, In Judaism, there's a belief that evil is but a shell covering the spark of the Divine within
The Process, Part 4. I have doctors. Lots of them. I should really say \health care professionals,\ because not everyone whose is helping me deal with this is an M.D. All of them, however, are what I've decided to call \Team Stan.\
5 Secrets to Simplify Your Life. Happiness is the goal of all other goals and the secret to happiness is simply inner peace. When we tread the peaceful path, simplicity lines the walk.
Cognitive Behavioral Therapy For Insomnia Could Cut Health Care Costs. A small new study in the Journal of Clinical Sleep Medicine shows an association between receiving cognitive behavioral therapy
Quick Snacks You Can Feel Good About. Calorie counting is a tricky business. While managing calories is an important part of healthy eating, it\u2019s easy to lose
Faced With A Health Scare, Randy Olsen Lost 80 Pounds. Current Weight
Yogic Breathing. This mind/body connection is central to yoga. Nowhere is this truer than with conscious breathing, which acts as a medicinal tool, increasing well-being and peace of mind.
Here's Everything That's Wrong With Our 'Under 30' Obsession. Sensing a pattern? We see it all the time in the media
The Utility and Ethics of 'Granny Cams'. I have spent thousands of hours providing medical care in nursing homes as a geriatrician.  From this vantage point, I think we need to give the use of cameras some serious thought before plunging headfirst down this new surveillance rabbit hole.
I See Dead People. The sea was rough that morning. As the ship was being tossed from side to side, the sound of the waves could be heard slapping
Scientists Find Way To Use Body's Own Immune System To Fight Cancer. Fourteen out of 16 patients with advanced leukemia are now in remission after scientists found a way to genetically modify
Most Teens And Adults Respond Appropriately To Compliments, Survey Finds. Can you take a compliment well? According to a survey conducted by TODAY and AOL, most adults have mastered the delicate
Scientists Caution Harmful Chemicals Are Seeping Into Our Food. Chemicals commonly used to package, store and process food items may be hazardous to your health even though they are used
Yoga and Sex. I would not be able to write about this topic if I did not personally understand the double-edged sword debate of liberation and self-control.
This Year's Flu Season Is Hitting Young Adults Hard. One report, led by Carmen S. Arriola, DVM, PhD, Epidemic Intelligence Service officer with CDC, looked at flu samples from
Engineered 'Glue' Helps Wounds Heal Faster. Piyush Koria, a professor of chemical and biomedical engineering at the University of South Florida, said this kind of study
Stress Linked With Headaches. Among the study participants, tension-type headaches were the most common, experienced by 31 percent of the participants
Meditation and Mindfulness. Judson Brewer, co-lead author of the study and adjunct professor of psychiatry at the Yale School of Medicine explained
My Sochi 2014 Playlist. Music is an amazing tool for athletes to use when they are getting ready to train or compete.
How Embracing Your Sweetness Can Benefit Your Well-Being. I shook his hand and told him he'd made my day, and he said, \You've made mine.\ As he drove away, I teared up at this spontaneous and heartfelt exchange. Clearly, I had come across a very caring human being.
What's Better Than Bringing Home a Gold for Your Country?. This OB-GYN (Dr. Sara Gottfried) said that sleep meds only give a short amount of actual sleep, but it is low level sleep
The State With The Highest Well-Being (And No, It's Not Hawaii). 5. Montana Montana scored a 69.3. It also had a 2-point improvement in the Well-Being Index from 2010. 10. Iowa Iowa scored
Man Has Skin Reaction To Tattoo -- 20 Years Later. However, it is also possible that the reaction was not due to an infection, Chapman said. Rather, an ingredient in the ink
Tabata Training Is Here to Stay. The quick burst and rest periods that tabata encompasses offer nowhere to hide!  The fluid changes from work to rest put the body in a higher state of performance, calling on the body to work on all cylinders to get the work done.
We Are Reason-Making Machines. Whether the topic is finances, weight loss, lack of time with family or any other circumstances you can think of, I invite you to take a real look at that area. Be honest with yourself about what's so and forget about the reasons why it's the way it is.
Being a Parent/Caregiver. A friend told me once that a parent is only as happy as their least happy child. When one of your kids is battling a chronic, debilitating disease, the limitations on that happiness becomes abundantly clear.
To Cultivate Wonder. We have only a few seconds to love the wonder out in the open or those we meet will swallow it. Seconds to let this timeless resource come into our knowing so it can save us from the brutality of surface living.
4 Ways to Make Over Your Love Life Today!. When we really understand our true value, we don't want to settle for less than someone who is truly into us. Instead, it's to accept ourselves as we are right now. It makes it far easier to handle that sometimes we're not a match, and in no way is it a statement about us as lovable human beings.
These Would Make Any Stressful Commute A Whole Lot Easier. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Stroke That Affects Brainstem May Raise Risk Of Sleep Apnea. The study, presented at the American Stroke Association's International Stroke Conference 2014, included 355 people with
A New Jewish Sleepaway Camp Focuses on Healthy Living. It can be notoriously difficult to convince kids to eat their vegetables. But there is a new camp in town with precisely that goal. Camp Zeke, which is opening this summer, is promoting a healthy lifestyle and encouraging kids to eat better and run around more.
What Men Can Get Out Of The Workouts Women Love. Why Men Should Try It
Tips for a Safe Yoga Practice. From my perspective, lower back and pelvic dysfunction resulting in pain can be seen with yoga practitioners. In the setting
Waiting to Live. I have a responsibility to myself and to my family to strive for living. And I believed that my insurance company had a responsibility to honor the comprehensive plan my self-employed wife and I have been earnestly shelling out hundreds of dollars for on a monthly basis.
The Brown Food Myth. We think brown food is healthier, don't we? Let's take a look at three of the most common misleading brown foods. Brown Eggs
Why Being Happier Helps You Manage Your Time. Fear doesn't have to mess with our productivity. We can reduce fear to nothing more than a passing, momentary impact on our lives -- it all comes down to how we handle it.
Is Fibromyalgia Syndrome a Myth? No, But It Just Might Be a Sleep Disorder. People with fibromyalgia syndrome suffer not only from constant widespread pain, but they also sometimes face judgment and distrust from medical professionals who doubt if their condition is real. They are labeled as annoying and needy. In the literal sense, insult is added to injury.
Why I'm Not Worried About Yoga Mat Chemicals in My Food. We have been eating fast food sandwiches made with azodicarbonamide for years. If you don't eat that stuff very often, I doubt you have anything to worry about. And if you do eat a lot of fast food sandwiches, I'd venture to say that azodicarbonamide is probably the least of your concerns.
5 Ways to Focus on Your Journey. 2) Take the best care possible of your own looks and body -- Eat well, exercise, put on a little enhancing makeup, and wear
Play a Bigger Role in Spreading Love and Positivity! Here's How. These occasions always remind me how important it is to tune into those you love and extend a loving word or kind gesture when you sense they might need it. It is equally important to spread kindness to complete strangers.
Pills. Swallowing pills has grown harder for me recently, and sometimes I postpone trying and sort of slush them around my mouth
What I've Learned From Two Years of Intermittent Fasting. You can't live an unhealthy life in other areas and expect one thing to solve all of your problems, but you can slowly add a piece here or there, continue to self-experiment, and gradually develop a health strategy that works for you, your goals, and your lifestyle.
Why You Should Never Peel An Apple. But a picky eater or two have certainly been known to require a little more fussing before the first bite of an apple, namely
Relax, You're Going to Be Criticized. This \bonus pain\ -- a self-inflicted wound -- includes continuing the criticism inside your head long after the other person
Do You Resist Meditating?. When I teach people mindfulness meditation, I'm always touched by how absorbed and peaceful they look while they're meditating, but even though they love it while they're doing it, many of them admit they don't on their own.
The Year I Lost My Mind. I was told repeatedly that I was nut case. I was told to stop calling the doctor. I was discouraged for reaching out for help. This is not the way that patients with mental illness should be treated. We are humans. We are not defined by our diagnoses.
Why Most People Are Deathly Afraid of Public Speaking and What They Can Do About It. Being put on the spot to display one's knowledge or skills can feel terribly uncomfortable and scary. The key to overcoming these emotions is to be prepared and recognize that our fears stem, not from a lack of self-worth, but quite the opposite. Our fears are born out of a deep sense of love for the self that wants nothing more than to protect us and keep us safe.
7 Ways to Love Yourself. How you view and treat yourself influences how others view and treat you. Make a commitment to loving yourself unconditionally, and you will expand your capacity to give and receive love.
My 2014 Sochi Playlist. I don't really listen to music while I'm warming up to compete, as I like taking in the sounds and the scenes on race day. I do, however, blast music with my teammates as we're getting ready to leave for our venue.
Do You Suffer From the Imposter Syndrome?. One source of the problem The solution to a general sense of insecurity that prevents success is not to form better survival
Exercise Could Reduce Hospitalizations For COPD Patients. Researchers found that those who maintained low physical activity levels had a higher rate of hospitalization. Meanwhile
When Life Drags You Up a Hill. We all have the potential to act like those motorcyclists and suffer like that horse. If we're mindful, we won't become either
Searching for Permanence. Technological advancement is considered human advancement, but somewhere along the line, we have become sloppy about keeping up with the very things that make us human. How can anything compare to the words I say as I look into the eyes of someone important to me?
Marketing Masquerading as Science. The real danger here is that the food industry knows exactly how to sweet-talk health professionals -- and their respective organizations -- into joining their ranks in order to be \part of the solution.\
Illinois Could Soon Become The Next State To Ban Smoking In Cars With Children Inside. The most recent state to pass the smoking ban was Oregon, where a ban went into effect on Jan. 1, 2014. Oregon's ban includes
Football Helmets Provide Little Concussion Protection. As expected, the helmets did reduce the risk of a skull fracture by 60 to 70 percent. Many athletes, parents and coaches
How To Do The Perfect Deadlift. The Mistake
Why She Ate. [1] Amanda Spake, \Stop Dieting! Forget the scale, the calorie counting, and forbidden foods. They may be doing more harm
Tired Of Winter? Here's Why You Should Actually Be Savoring It. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
What It Means to Be Truly Awake. To awaken means to acknowledge our spiritual nature, to observe our behavior, and to bring ourselves into alignment with
We Tried It. I walked out of class feeling empowered, thinking that I had the strength to kill someone. The only problem is that I also felt that somebody out there wanted to kill me.
The Infinite Depths of Love. How do we get rid of the mud? Can we improve the depths and magnitude of our hearts? Maharishi explains that this is possible
Antibiotic Research and Development in the Age of Superbugs (Part 2). Certainly more weapons in the form of antibiotics will be needed. At the same time, perhaps greater efforts should be made in diplomacy by taking advantage of our knowledge of the human microbiome, that has evolved to have as much interest in our continued survival as we do.
Hooking Up. Berwick dives in
Why You Make The Best Health Decisions When You're Feeling At Your Worst. Feeling tired and run down could actually present the perfect conditions for making healthy choices, a new study suggests
Want Optimal Health? Time for a Gut Check. Good digestive health is a cornerstone for optimal health and by initiating these steps, not only will you discover invaluable information about your body, you will strike at the very reason why your gut issues cropped up in the first place.
5 Things Dogs Teach You About Life. Dogs may eat food off of the ground, go to the bathroom outside and say \hello\ by sniffing behinds, but we're the ones who have a lot to learn.
3 Ways to Leverage the Power of the Pause. As the pace of life heats up, people find themselves checking email at stop lights, texting while talking to family members, and booking so many back-to-back appointments, there's no time in between to think.
The 9 Essential Habits Of Mentally Strong People. There's a maxim in the ancient philosophy of Stoicism, \There is no good or bad, there is only perception,\ which was later
Lose Weight, Lose Sleep Apnea?. Researchers from Finland found that maintaining weight loss of as little as 5 percent is associated with improvement in obstructive
The Process, Part 3. Neither my dermatologist nor I suspected that red spot was anything serious. The first pathology report came back as inconclusive
Your ROI on Safety. Getting used to regular health screenings sets the foundation for your future well-being. The older we get, the more critical it becomes.
My First Panic Attack. Not only was I going to die someday, but I was very small in comparison to the rest of the world, which was rather large. I couldn't get over how small I felt. I was an ant and the universe was expansive and I was drowning in the hugeness of it all.
How to Lose the Woman You Love... for Good. \Love is the greatest refreshment in life.\ -- Pablo Picasso 2. Don't ask her questions or try to get to know her. Let her
The 5 Habits of Purposeful People. Though there are many ways we could ultimately live purposefully, there are five basic habits exhibited by all people who do so. When you follow these habits yourself, you will lead a fulfilling, purposeful life as well.
Keeping on Track. If you have made it this far, great work! If you've dropped the ball, no worries. Right now is a great opportunity for you to reconnect and stop doing that crazy self-critical-thinking-that-keeps-you-stuck stuff.
10 Great Ways Mindfulness Turns Fear Into an Ally. At first glance you might not put mindfulness and fear together or think that one can counterbalance the other. But while mindfulness invites us to be present with fear rather than run from it, it also frees us from being stuck in fearful thoughts and feelings.
Philip Seymour Hoffman's Relapse. For the people out there who do not understand addiction from a clinical standpoint and for those who have never been addicted to anything and who do not suffer either mildly or severely from a mental disorder, please take a step back and reflect. Relapse cannot be broken down so simply as a choice.
How To Eat Like An Olympian (VIDEO). We know that Olympians are fantastic at burning calories, but now we know what they are actually eating before they run, ski
How to Love an Empath. This is a blessing and a curse. It allows us to understand people and see things others don't. However, when we remove the shield we become vulnerable, and in this vulnerability we can be hurt.
The 21 Germiest Places You're Not Cleaning. People avoid touching the obviously dirty things -- toilet bowls, garbage cans, anything in a public restroom. But for every
Dare to Be 100. Today such interesting reportage was updated by the widely-spread rumor that Olympic icon swimmer Michael Phelps sustained
Chocolate Lover? Ban Words Like Indulge and Treat. Even though some expert gave you \permission\ to eat a limited amount of a favorite food like chocolate, these subtle messages feed unconscious feelings of judgment and deprivation that may lead to paradoxical overeating.
5 Surprising Ways Stress Messes With Your Workout. By Cindy Kuzma for Shape.com Fighting with your guy or having your brilliant (or so you thought) ideas vetoed in a meeting
Be the Glow. We all know people like this couple; maybe not people who are tenderly in love for 60 years, but we know people that we are inexplicably drawn to. They are the ones who make us laugh, make us think, tell us the truth, pick us up, and hold our hand. They are the ones who \glow.\
Why Georgia Desperately Needs Naloxone. View image | gettyimages.com Like millions of other Americans, Atlanta resident Kathy Fletcher depends on prescription drugs
Snowmageddon 2014. For many parts of the country, this amount of snow would be laughable, but here in Portland it frightens and delights us. We are used to snow's cousin rain, but snow itself in large amounts is rare.
Mindfulness. Mindfulness is a state. Like all human states, it is not a static goal, but a dynamic process. More important than starting in the right place, or with the right technique or the right teacher -- is just starting.
7 Things You Shouldn't Say To Someone With Anxiety. The debilitating problem with anxiety and panic disorders is that you simply can\u2019t calm down. Finding the ability to relax
A Month After Giving Birth, Kaseedee Jermain Embarked On A Journey To Lose 128 Pounds. Breaking Point
Safer Cars Start with Safer Drivers. Despite these significant changes, many Americans don't take the necessary action to keep up. They rely on what they learned
My Sochi 2014 Playlist. These songs are just fun.  Some have faster beats, some slower, but all are great to sing to and energize me.
Men Dream of Mars, Women Dream of Venus. Tapping into the dreams of the opposite sex may help us to understand how they really tick.  What is really on their minds? Dreams can provide us with a lot of insight into the inner workings of the mind, heart and soul.
What Your Earwax Says About You. A new study suggests earwax is not the same between races, with some people having more odor-causing chemical compounds in
Why You Should Miss Out More. Yes, you will have to make choices. Some things will go by the wayside and you may not meet everyone's expectations every time. But an authentic, value-driven choice will give you the confidence to miss out joyfully.
How America's Presidents Kick Back And Relax. In a 2009 interview with the BBC, Obama said that taking a few moments to step out of the chaos and into a place of normalcy
For Olympians, Mental Training Matters Just As Much As The Physical. NEW YORK, Feb 17 (Reuters) - For everyday athletes hoping to glean more than vague inspiration from watching the elite compete
If You're Squeamish About The Germs In The Pediatrician's Waiting Room... You're On To Something. The increased risks mean 778,974 flu-like illnesses a year that could potentially be avoided (not to mention the associated
The 3 Most Important Questions You Could Ask Yourself When You're Stressed. 3. \What boundaries do I need to establish?\ So how do we move beyond our natural tendency to feed into stress? When it comes
5 Things Not To Say To Your Partner About Losing Weight. When I first met my hubby, he ate most of his veggies fried, drank soda like it was water and weighed about 50 pounds more
Tighten Your Core With Ice Skater Gracie Gold's Oblique Exercise. To stay strong for all the show-stopping flips and balancing acts she does on ice, Gracie Gold focuses on her core in the gym. Her favorite do-anywhere move? Core rotations with a resistance band, which target her obliques.
14 Of The Smartest Things Ever Said About Sleep. When it comes to our health, there's little more important and yet more underrated than sleep. These wise words are a testament
4 More Reasons Why Receiving Is Harder Than Giving. When our longing for connection collides with our history of rejection and shaming, we become ambivalent about receiving. Part of us desires contact while another part has an aversion toward it.
13 Signs You Have Anxiety -- And Don't Know It. Just as some people feel depressed in the winter, some feel anxious. Read more on www.weather.com
Vitamin C Linked With Reduced Stroke Risk. Because the findings have yet to be published in a peer reviewed journal, they should be considered preliminary. However
7 Things Only People Who Are Trying To Lose Weight Understand. Along the way, many weight-loss journeyers learn valuable lessons they may not have known otherwise. We asked our Facebook
What To Eat When You're Sick. Crackers And Toast Plain, unsalted or lightly-salted crackers and toast are simple, bland foods that are easy on the stomach
How Not to Look Stupid on a Rower. We asked Eric Von Frohlich, founder of Row House, one of the newest New York City rowing studios, to give us a quickie crash course in rowing. Here's all you need to know to look like a pro.
Who Is Taking Sleeping Pills?. These last findings are particularly troubling, indicating that among the millions of people using sleep medications, there are many who are using multiple medications at once, putting them at greater risk for complications and adverse reactions.
5 Secrets To Behavior Change. It is hard to make big changes in your life, and you have to enter into that process expecting that you will experience a
3 Anxiety-Provoking Situations -- And How To Deal. Andy Puddicombe is a former Buddhist monk and the founder of Headspace, a project to make meditation accessible to busy people
Is Yoga The Secret To Olympic Gold?. Instead of going to Disney World after winning gold in the women's snowboarding slopestyle event, Jamie Anderson said she'll
Want to Be Sexier? Show Your Vulnerability More!. You can be internally strong and authentically sensitive at the same time. In fact, that's a beautiful balance. My strength definitely stems from my deep vulnerability. And my sensitivity is the essence of who I am.
I Heal. \I heal\ can reveal intentionality -- as in I heal myself. I think of this as choosing healing. Imagine healing as a circle
This Is Your Body On Love. You may be at a decreased risk of stroke (if you're a man). Research presented at the 2010 American Stroke Association's
How to Be a Good Valentine's Lover. As a professor who has taught a course called \The Theology of Marriage\ for 30 years, I have what may come as shocking news
Fit Links. High-intensity interval training is taking the barre world by storm, thanks to a new studio mixing the typical small-muscle
The 3 Hidden Reasons Why Smart Professional Women Inadvertently Stay Single. Love is not some luxury you attend to after you take care of all the important things in life, like making VP or adopting a labradoodle. This is the centerpiece of your existence on earth. So give it the attention it deserves.
Love Is in the Air This Valentine's Day. The good news is that PTSD doesn't have to put a damper on your Valentine's Day. With appropriate and effective treatment the condition can be controlled, allowing love and romance to prosper yet again in your relationship.
This Valentine's Day, Love the One You Work With. Jobs will come and go (as will partners). You'll learn new skills and forget others. But what will make you a more resilient, contented person will never come solely from the ego boost of doing a good job. It will come from the people you've loved along the way.
Are You Aware? Or Just Simply There?. Anything worth doing is worth doing right. As such, awareness needs proper time and space for full impact. It may take seconds
Valentine's Day Special. As we communicate, we read the content and emotions being sent. Conversations are more than the information we share or words we speak. They are a way to package our feelings about ourselves, our world, and others.
Now Is the Best Time to Take Care of the Hearts That Matter Most to You. The medical community is on the front lines, of course, treating sick patients, helping others recover and -- equally importantly -- educating and encouraging others how to avoid the dangerous tentacles of the No. 1 killer of Americans.
Probiotics Are Becoming More In Vogue. Meanwhile, probiotic use increased, with its use among men specifically increasing from 30.5 percent to 37.1 percent. The
These Hues Of Red And Pink Will Invigorate And Calm You (PHOTOS). GPS Guides are our way of showing you what has relieved others' stress in the hopes that you will be able to identify solutions
A Cancer Love Story. As grateful as I am for my year with cancer, I'm even more grateful this chapter has come to a close.
Why I Love Being Single on Valentine's Day. I've lived through Valentine's Days single, as part of a couple, and even engaged (in 2002).  Some will find this odd, but of the men I've met and dated so far, I have actually been happier on the single Valentine's Days than the coupled ones.
Unlikely Allies. We hope that all developing and developed countries alike will support the valiant efforts of South Africa and Australia in choosing to protect the lives of their people over intellectual property.
This Video May Change Your Yoga Practice. This perspective is acceptance, presence, and appreciation for the present moment. What I saw moved me to tears. Trisha Cassady
Hate Receiving Compliments? You Might Have low Self-Esteem. I consider low self-esteem to represent a form of psychological injury, one that impacts us \systemically\ and operates in a variety of contexts.
A Guide To Eating Out For People With Food Allergies. From Mother Nature Network's Jenni Grover
Deepak Chopra's Timeless You. Our forethoughts often cause us anxiety. We tax our lives with fret over things we can't control, but we can control our
Renaming 'Mental Illness' to 'Brain Disorder' Will Not Erase the Stigma. People seem to have this mistaken impression that changing the name of something changes the way people feel about that thing. And while, this may work, to a small degree, some of the time, it certainly isn't the answer to a huge problem like the prejudice and discrimination seen against those with a mental illness.
5 Simple Ways to Make Your Workday Healthier. One of the most profound actions you can take to ensure continued success is to set up your surroundings and schedule to align with your goals. Let's start with your office. Here are five tips and tricks you can implement to improve your health while at work!
Our Money Addiction Problem. We have a serious money addiction problem in our society, and despite how insidious this addiction can be, we not only fail to recognize it as an addiction -- we actively encourage it.
Some Tired Myths About Sleeping With Your Valentine, or Not. Night owls burning the midnight oil and morning larks cheerfully rising at the crack of dawn are generally more likely to flock together, but that doesn't mean those from opposite sides of the circadian spectrum cannot successfully share the same nest.
Foods to Break Up With. 3. No Fro-Yo
13.1 Medals. Two nights ago, I watched the Sochi Olympics opening ceremony along with more than 31 million Americans. I felt a sense of
4 Things Neuroscience Can Teach Us About Love. It's not common, but intense romantic love can last for a lifetime -- and neuroscience research has brought us closer to
The One Thing You Can Do To Help You Make Better, More Rational Decisions. Cutting your losses is hard. When you've already invested so much time and energy into something, it's not easy to make the
Her Electric Blue Hair. Sylvia is also a lot more relaxed about stuff that used to drive her insane, which reminds me of reading about The Happiest
Tired of Morning Hangovers? You Could Be Allergic to Alcohol. Hangover symptoms can be perceived as collateral damage to a good night out, but they may actually be the result of an allergic reaction to ingredients in alcohol. So how do you tell if you are really allergic to alcohol or just suffering from a normal hangover?
All You Need Is Love. During a month that is devoted to celebrating love in all its many forms, I'd like to explore how the positive emotions associated with love affect our minds and bodies from our heads down to our toes.
Can Fitness Trackers Actually Make You Healthier?. Is that FitBit or FuelBand actually doing your patient or you any good? The first studies are gearing up to find out. Read
Stop Saying the Word 'Should'. I've been on a quest to replace my \should\ with alternative vocabulary that is healthier and more accepting -- both of myself and of other people. The longer I'm on this quest, the more I realize the damage the word \should\ does to our self-relationship and our relationships with others.
What You Don't See. I am always asked if I've had favorite contestants over the years. Naturally I do, but I haven't singled anyone out. Rachel Frederickson would definitely be high on this list.  From the beginning of the season, she has been positive, inquisitive and focused in terms of learning and living the eating plan I teach.
A Letter That Is Long Overdue to My Health. I often write a letter to those I love. But I realized I've haven't written to you to say my thank you. It was because I
Snowed In. Let the inches pile up on the ground and not on your waist with a customized home workout from celebrity trainer Noah Neiman.
The Risk of Love. The most obvious answer is simple
My Valentine Wish for All. Sincerely, For others we equate lack of a Valentine with our body image or success in life. \If only I were prettier, skinnier
10 Ways to Help Someone With Cancer. When someone around us gets diagnosed with cancer, it is often difficult to think of how to react and respond. Do we send a card, text, or email? Do we avoid, ignore, and disregard? Rather than asking the patient what you can do for them, be proactive.
'I Wish I Had Breast Cancer' Ad Will Stun You Into Silence. WATCH the campaign's original video ad (below). One of the Pancreatic Cancer Action ads shows a 24-year-old woman declaring
Your 2014 Horoscope. A transit is an astrological event that comes into your life and changes it. Where the change occurs depends on which of the 12 Houses of your birth chart that transit affects.
U.S. Figure Skater Jeremy Abbott Leaves Olympic Village To Get Some Sleep. \I had to step away and think, 'All right, I have a whole week and a half to really live this experience,'\ he said in another
Walking the Tightrope of Life. We all struggle to make proper use of our time and abilities. We want to be as successful, as helpful and as accomplished as possible. But we simply cannot do everything. For us to make proper choices, we much root ourselves in positive values and establish clear, rooted guidelines that govern our choices and actions.
Warning Labels Required For Sugary Drinks Under Proposed California Bill. A growing body of research has identified sugary drinks as the biggest contributors to added, empty calories in the American
How an On-Air Panic Attack Improved My Life. Shortly after seven on a sunny spring morning in 2004, I freaked out in front of five million people. I was filling in on
The 10 Happiest (And Unhappiest) Cities For Workers. Washington, D.C. Las Vegas, Nev. Salt Lake City, Utah Houston, Texas Boston, Mass. Philadelphia, Pa. Charlotte, N.C. Factors
'Corneal Melt'. The condition generally happens in patients with long-standing rheumatoid arthritis. These patients often say they feel like
Get a Rock-Solid Body Like Olympic Snowboarder Kelly Clark. One staple of Clark's workout routine is Hamstring Swissball Curls, which build glutes, quad and core stability while boosting balance. Working these body parts helps her keep control of the board and manage those icy bumps.
Non-Restorative Sleep Linked With Widespread Pain. After adjusting for osteoarthritis, other predictors of developing widespread pain included cognitive complaints, anxiety
Disconnect to Reconnect This Valentine's Day. With Valentine's Day quickly approaching, this scene, or one similar to it, is likely to be replayed in restaurants and homes across the country as we all seek to balance the meaningful connections in our physical lives with the multiple connections in our digital ones.
Treat Yourself Well. 1. Premise
10 Warning Signs of Depression (And How to Eliminate It From Your Life). Do not allow \shame\ to hold you back. You have nothing to be ashamed about. Depression affects millions of people each year and is treatable. But you must be willing to ask and accept help.
5 Workout Wardrobe Fails and How to Avoid Them. I've had earbuds that malfunction, sports bras that sag weirdly, and hair ties that pop. I shared my chagrin on the subject with Amy at Second Shift Athlete, who's a whiz with finding ways to exercise, even when faced with a fail. And look at this! Some excellent ideas for dealing with workout clothing malfunctions on the fly.
When Her Wedding Ring Became Too Tight To Get Off, Joy Kocal Was Inspired To Lose 112 Pounds. I never ever thought I would ever lose this amount of weight without having surgery. I cannot believe I am who I am today
Olympic Hockey Player Julie Chu On Committing To Healthy Eating And The Mental Trick That Ups Her Game. That sounds like it could be, oh, just a little stressful! How do you keep the pressure at bay? We work with a team psychologist
My Sochi 2014 Playlist. I love songs that have a high tempo and lyrics that I can make into motivating phrases in my head.
Showing Up for Myself. Originally posted January 2013 on Courageous & Remarkable Self blog. Just because you know a relationship is over and it's
Philip Seymour Hoffman. My husband told me that actor Philip Seymour Hoffman died. We were about to watch the Super Bowl. I had just returned from
On Becoming a Runner. After running three or four times a week for a few months, something quite unexpected happened. I began to look forward to putting on my shoes and heading outside for a few miles. It was like play time.
TV, Computer Ownership Linked With Obesity And Diabetes In Low-Income Countries. Owning TVs, computers and cars is associated with obesity and diabetes rates, at least in lower- and middle-income countries
5 Surprising Health Benefits Of Yoga. 2. Ease Migraines Research shows that migraine sufferers have fewer and less painful migraines after three months of yoga
The Only Tools You Need To Drift Away To Dreamland. Dancing In The Moonlight -- Toploader I Need Some Sleep -- Eels All I Have To Do Is Dream -- The Everly Brothers Dreams -- Brandi
8 Signs You Should See A Therapist. And while identifying and managing diagnosable mental illness is a priority in the psychiatric community, psychological help
Transform Ill Will. Goodwill and ill will are about intention
You Deserve More. So often we tend to settle for less than we deserve because it's easy to get comfortable. And then there's that famous quote from Perks of Being a Wallflower that says, \We accept the love we think we deserve.\ So you are telling me that you think you deserve to be treated sub par?
3 Personality Traits That Stress You Out!. Why do we worry so much? Despite it being time consuming and exhausting, it's still another issue of control that we struggle to let go of. We essentially worry because we have convinced ourselves that if we worry enough about something, bad things won't happen to us and we will be safer in the world. But, in truth, it has the potential to make us feel more distressed.
CVS, Good for Public Health and Good for Shareholders. CVS/pharmacy announced on February 5, 2014, that it would pull tobacco products from its stores by October. The benefit of improved heart health, reduced chronic burden of disease, and household economies saving money on the direct cost of cigarettes? Priceless.
Feel Supported, Cared For and Treated Well (You Know, the Way You Treat Others). Whether you're giving your time and talent in exchange for compensation or you're giving love and support to a friend, it's all energy. Sometimes an equal exchange is simply the thanks, gratitude and recognition from a friend for the support you gave her.
Navajos Leading the Way in the Fight Against Obesity. The rest of the country should pay attention to what happens on the Navajo Nation following the institution of the junk food tax, which recently passed. They may lead the way for the rest of America in the fight against obesity and related chronic disease.
Obituaries and Valentines. For myself, I will open my heart, breathe deeply, weep silently, and laugh outrageously, as I repeatedly push \rewind\ on
'Biggest Loser' Winner Rachel Frederickson Says She May Have Gone Too Far. Days after sparking an onslaught of headlines and tweets concerned about her drastic weight loss, \Biggest Loser\ winner
Success Is Not a Straight Line. Whenever I find myself slipping, working too many late nights, checking email on weekends or while I'm out with friends, I try to think about the people I know who truly lived.
Diabetes More Associated With Being 'Stably Overweight' Than Recent Weight Gain. Overweight and obesity are the fifth leading risk for deaths around the world, according to the WHO. At least 2.8 million
Sure, The Mediterranean Diet Is Good For You. But Have You Tried The Nordic Diet?. Over the course of the 26-week trial, 32 people dropped out. Of the drop-outs, nine cited lack of time to participate, six
The Condition Many Recovering Addicts And Alcoholics Don't Know About. While addiction specialists may know about post-acute withdrawal syndrome (protracted withdrawal syndrome), or PAWS, many
5 Nutrients You're Probably Not Getting Enough Of. Unfortunately the Standard American Diet, also known as \SAD,\ is, well, pretty sad. Over the last 100 years, the majority
Your 9 Best Decisions. You will never regret the decision to stand up for your rights, your worth and your own beliefs. Make your voice heard in polite but firm ways. Empower yourself by knowing you possess undying strength to forge ahead. Stand up, in particular, against three things
Oregano Oil Compound Promising Against Norovirus. A substance found in oregano oil could be helpful in killing norovirus, according to a new study in mice. Researchers from
Hoping for a Child of Her Own. When I talked with Hope on the phone I could really feel her deep desire for a child of her own! This incredible woman had devoted her career to giving so much \hope\ helping other children, and as the time drew near for her to have her own family, suddenly that window was closing unexpectedly and rapidly.
Death Runs in My Family. Not only is this a certainty, but it is also a certainty that can happen at any time. It's not easy to stay positive with that kind of reality hanging over you. So what can we do?
6 Ways for Singles to Have a Happy Valentine's Day. February 14 can be one of the most challenging days of the year. Here are six simple ways to beat the blues during this year's Cupid-fest if you find yourself without that one special someone to share it with.
6 Surprising Heart-Healthy Foods. When it comes to heart health, you may be well aware that it's a good idea to cut down on butter and bacon and boost your intake of fruits, veggies and whole grains. But there are some foods that you might never expect to see on a \heart healthy\ list.
You're the CEO -- You Decide. At first it might sound a little daunting to get started with integrative decision making. Even when making a relatively rash decision, you might get that frustrating feeling of weighing far too many options. A well-thought-out decision might feel like it has even more moving parts.
The Price of Success. It's a sad story and a cautionary tale for those of us who may have chosen to make career-building our highest priority, thereby
Eating Wheat Again. In other words, the more we mess with wheat plants, the more people seem to be having problems with it. I do not like how
Strength Training Our Memories. What's the single most common complaint in old age? If you can't remember having read this before, then likely you've already got it -- a problem with memory. It's nearly universal at a certain point in life. So, I decided to start working on this whole issue by memorizing lots of stuff. Maybe it's like a muscle, I surmised. Use it or lose it.
5 Ways To Be Kindhearted To Yourself And Others (PHOTOS). Previously, we shared five ways that life sends us ordinary, unassuming gurus who are great symbols of generosity toward
Beyond Painkillers. Does yoga offer a viable complement to painkillers or even surgery in the treatment of back pain? And if so, what might the treatment of back pain look like in the future?
5 Secrets From the Pros to a Stress-Free Life. The only way to make a real difference is to make every action count, be fully present and conscious of the consequences of all your actions. Focus on one task at a time, learn to prioritize and just go with the flow.
Taking the Spin Out of the Multiple Vitamin Controversy. \u2022 Fewer cataracts being formed in their eyes. The articles measuring the potential benefits of MVMs on heart disease and
Eat Your Favorite Foods and Lose Weight. This means you need to keep food records and be very aware of what and how much you are putting in your mouth. You need to
Olympic Ski Jumper Jessica Jerome On Mental Focus, Deadlifts And Why She'll Never Count Calories. What are your goals for Sochi? Of course, I want a medal, that's everybody's goal going into it. Unfortunately, we only have
Let Our Bellies Be!. Instead of fearing foods based on how they may or may not make my belly protrude, my belly and I prefer to focus on the very real health risks of overdoing it on the highly-processed, highly-unnatural ingredients we call food.
The Secret to Living a Joyful Life. When you step into the Now, you step out of the content of your mind. The incessant stream of thinking slows down. Thoughts don't absorb all your attention anymore, don't draw you in totally.
11 Healthy Ways to Grieve. Death is inevitable. To be repulsed by death is to be repulsed by life itself. Both poles must exist and be in balance. Light and shadow. Yin and yang. Dream and waking. Winter and summer.
Want Better Sex? 10 Tips. After nearly 20 years of counseling individuals and couples, it is clear that there is also a \chicken and egg\ relationship between sex and relationship problems. Sometimes it's hard to tell which came first.
You Aren't Here Now. This is the life you are called to be present for. This is the moment that asks for your awareness. Not because you are improved by what has happened, not because you needed it, not so you can turn it into some kind of gift.
Whose No. 1 Valentine Are You?. This dharma or philosophical and spiritual teaching about love is a wonderful way to approach the world, and many people automatically go out of their way for others, whether those are family members, friends, or even strangers.
Let's Fall in Love and Keep Falling!. Falling in love is one of the most wonderful and scary journeys we can make. Most everyone enjoys falling in love in theory, but in practice we put limits and roadblocks to the falling.
Valentine's Day the Tantric Way. Beyond romantic love, there exists a Universal Love that is free from jealousy, neediness, or conditions. Valentine's Day
Need Instant Gratification? Go to Sleep. If you've already bailed on your New Year's resolution, don't be discouraged.  The year is still young.  Make \a good night's sleep\ your resolution for 2014.  You can get started tonight.
Power Off to Plug Into Sleep. Let's think about other mindful activities that are relaxing to our minds, without using an electronic device.   Try one of these mindful activities to connect you to a state of peace before you sleep.
The Brain-Training Secrets Of Olympic Athletes. But behind these athletes' physical feats is an arguably even more impressive mental prowess cultivated through years of
18 North Carolina Patients Possibly Exposed To Rare Brain Disease. Last year, health officials said at least 15 patients in Connecticut, Massachusetts and New Hampshire may have been exposed
Global Forum on Transforming Ego to Eco Economies. Global Forum Schedule Speakers Live-streaming options Live-streaming link Time
Legacy. In the days after my father died, there were many quiet moments and many stories told. It was a small thing my mother said while crying over tea that allowed me to connect these small stories of my great-grandfather, my grandfather and my father. I never realized that they form a legacy I'm a part of.
British Medical Journal Claims Restless Leg Syndrome Is a 'Made-Up' Disorder. This story illustrates a growing tendency for some journals to use lay opinions to stir controversy in hopes of increasing visibility and impact.
Women Spend A Longer Time In Bed, But Get Less Sleep Than Men. Researchers from Cambridge University found that 39.6 percent of women said they never had any trouble falling asleep, compared
How My Wife Got Me to Lose 85 Pounds. You see, through all the years before, I had been on weight loss jags for all the wrong reasons. Sometimes it was connected to what others might think of me or wanting to be attractive to others. Sometimes it was out of momentary frustration that my slacks kept shrinking in the closet.
Feel Like Crap? Need a Detox?. The most powerful, simplest, and most delicious detox is available to anyone, anywhere, any time by eating real, whole, fresh food. The body has extraordinary healing and reparative systems. They just need to be activated by taking out the bad stuff and putting in the good stuff.
There Are Many Ways to Say 'I Love You'. The best ways to say \I love you\ rise out of simply paying attention and allowing creative expressions to emerge from your heart. The very best ones touch the other person's heart -- the gift is authentically received.
Will Chikungunya Fever In The Caribbean Spread To The US?. Another factor contributing to the spread of chikungunya is the gradual warming of the Earth resulting from climate change
11 Ways to Emotionally Thrive. We are meant to live happy, healthy, abundant lives. When our self-worth and self-esteem are healthy, we realize we're worthy
5 Fat-Loss Foods That Belong in Your Detox Plan. Most commercial cleanses and detoxes are just sugar water. Without sufficient dietary protein, your liver cannot perform phase 2 detoxification, where you actually excrete toxins. Like Los Angeles rush hour traffic, those toxins just pile up and create a serious metabolic traffic jam.
Get Great Legs With Ski Jumper Sarah Hendrickson's Lower-Body Builder. In order for ski jumpers to nail their landings (and heal up from injuries!), it's essential to build up strong legs with moves like the hamstring-toning Romanian Dead Lifts. In regular training, Hendrickson routinely pairs quad-focused moves like squats with RDLs.
Sochi Olympics and Sports Psychology for Athletes. Being their sports psychologist and performance coach, I'm using leading edge mental training techniques and customized sports visualization training audios to help them be more confident, relaxed, and focused so they can be at at heir best under pressure when the world is watching.
After A Spontaneous Decision To Try Running, Hannah Geiser Lost 60 Pounds. After Weight
13 Things Not To Say To Someone With A Migraine. The \perverse nature\ of migraine, Rosenberg says, is that while distraction can help ease other types of pain (think about
The Right Drink For Every Situation. To Lift Spirits
19 Ways To Add Flavor Under 10 Calories. 15. Flavored Vinegars Flavored vingars are a fun, fresh way to add sweetness without calories. Most people stock white, balsamic
Take a Presence Power Break (The New Coffee Break). As soon as you honor the present moment, all unhappiness and struggle dissolve, and life begins to flow with joy and ease. When you act out of present-moment awareness, whatever you do becomes imbued with a sense of quality, care, and love -- even the simplest action.
10 Best Practices for Being Present. Ours is a society obsessed with FOMO. And yet, many of us miss out on the most important thing of all, our own life. Seems we ought to be worrying less about missing the next party and more about missing existence.
March 3, 2014 Is Triple Negative Breast Cancer Day -- An Opportunity to Support the Cause. Triple negative breast cancer often flies under the radar of the larger breast cancer conversation. It is an aggressive cancer subtype that primarily strikes premenopausal women, as early as in their 20s and 30s, along with African American, Latina and Caribbean women.
Think Turnips, Not Testosterone Therapy, for Valentine's Day Loving. This Valentine's Day, consider toasting your sweetheart with sparkling cider, then sharing a big salad, roasted vegetables with hummus, some crusty bread, and this easy, make-ahead collards recipe. You'll be well fueled for whatever other delights come to mind.
For the Love of Your Heart Eat These 4 Foods. For this Valentine's Day, I would like to combine this concept of love and relationships with heart health. In other words, today is a day to love your heart. I want to introduce three delectable recipes for Valentines, using four of my favorite heart-healthy foods
Chinese New Year Message. LIVING CELEBRATION CALL IN YOUR SPIRIT HORSE Close your eyes and imagine a horse coming towards you. Notice if it wants to
Go Red Today -- And I'm Not Talking Cornhuskers!. You know, it was no accident that American Heart Month is also the month that we celebrate Valentine's Day. So while we're
Happiness on Hold. I'm on hold right now waiting for a human voice. And that gives me confidence that I will have sufficient time and content
Let's Be Mindful About Mindfulness. Nowadays, the word \mindfulness\ is being used, mindlessly, as a catch-all term for every method involving the use of attention. It is further implied that all such practices involve focusing, e.g., making an effort to concentrate on some object of perception. There are several problems with this.
The Music We Make. It's about the music of our voices. What kind of harmony, synchrony are we creating? My particular soundscape is my personal
7 Thoughtful Chalk Messages To Brighten Your Day (PHOTOS). The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Catching Up on the Third Metric Mediagasm. I've been away from blogging for a while, spending all of my free time in a remote land called Bookville -- a place with strange, ancient customs. For instance, writing something and not publishing it immediately!
The Gym Commandments. Obeying the Gym Commandments is doing your part to promote peace and harmony in what should be a refuge from the hustle and bustle.
I Quit Social Media for 30 Days... Now What?. Would I be checking because I genuinely wanted to see all those pictures and status updates? Or would I be checking out of some strange obligation now that it was \allowed\ again? I hadn't missed social media during my time away, so why go back?
CVS' Tobacco Move Follows Pilgrim's Progress. So, in 1986 John Pilgrim removed all tobacco products from the shelves of his Boulder City drugstore and destroyed them in
More Sleep for Kids Reduces Calories. We all want our kids to learn healthy eating habits, to be active and to grow and live comfortably at a healthy weight. Yet for too many children, excess weight is a very real health concern. Too much junk food and too little physical activity are frequently-cited culprits in the problem. But what about sleep?
How To Beat The Monday Blues. Memorial Day took second prize in terms of favorite days, and was closely followed by Christmas and two random Saturdays
The Death Rate For Heroin And Cocaine Users Is A Lot Higher Than The Rest Of The Population. The death rate for users of heroin and cocaine is 14.3 times higher than that of the general population, according to a new
The 5 Healthiest Ways to Spend a Single Valentine's Day. Being single on Valentine's Day can be the worst. If you want to avoid the sugar crash and hangover on Feb. 15, here are five healthy ways for singles -- or anyone else -- to enjoy your best Valentine's Day yet.
WATCH. Tapping can sometimes bring up long-buried emotions, which is why I state that, before tapping along, folks must take full
EU Rules Mean That 'Children Can't Get Life-Saving Cancer Drugs'. By Kate Kelland Drugs have been approved for treating adult lung and other cancers driven by mutations in ALK or EGFR genes
Caution Urged Over Weight-Loss Drugs Due To Potential Heart Risks. 13 Kitchen Changes that Can Help You Lose Weight 11 Surprising Things That Can Make Us Gain Weight Lose Weight Smartly
Survival of the Fittest. For now, like in ancient Sparta, the sick are treated as undesirables. On the day of the Olympic ceremony, Admiral Apanasenko
Uncommon Advice to Heal a Broken Heart (In Time for Valentine's Day...). If you begin to turn the tables even a teeny tiny bit from \How will I find love?\ to \How will I give love?\ I promise you will be amazed at the power your own loving kindness has to heal you. But don't take my word for it. Try it.
5 Ways We Lose the Life We Would Have Loved. Most of us accept positions out of desperation instead of holding out for what we really want.
Somewhat Deaf and Completely Scared. At the behest of my wife, I went for a hearing test to determine how much hearing loss I had... with her accompanying me. I'm not ashamed to say (now) that scared the shit out of me. In this weird panic, I was worried she'd see how bad it is was and say, \Screw this!\ and leave me.
The 7-Day Digital Diet. At first blush I may not seem like a prime candidate for a digital detox. I got a smartphone only a few months ago and don\u2019t
Technological Austerity Manifesto. I like to think of myself as an artist first, with my hybridized role as an arts organizer/administrator/producer a distant
The World's Most Dangerous Workout?. Is the \sport of fitness\ the world's most dangerous workout? Read more on www.cnn.com
The World's Most Dangerous Workout?. Is the \sport of fitness\ the world's most dangerous workout? Read more on www.cnn.com
Why You Should Follow Directions When Microwaving Food (Like Letting Your Food 'Stand'). During the outbreak, which occurred in summer 2010, people in 18 states fell ill with a type of bacteria called Salmonella
Young Female Smokers Face Increased Breast Cancer Risk. \The health hazards associated with smoking are numerous and well known,\ study researcher Dr. Christopher Li, M.D., Ph.D
Dare to Be Brave. Wow, such powerful words. I began to think of what my life would look like if I were brave enough to speak up or take action
Get Killer Quads Like Ski Mogul Champ Hannah Kearney. Tumbling down a mogul course would probably turn most of us into a giant (black-and-blue) snowball. But Kearney maintains grace under pressure with the help of dedicated strengthening to her quads and core.
4 Ways to Jumpstart the Day. The idea is to create and focus on what you can do something about -- YOURSELF -- rather than world problems and the big macs. Because ultimately, just like healthy eating habits, healthy mind habits begin from inside each of us and can lead to a new and transformed you!
5 Research-Proven Strategies to Naturally Reduce Stress. Welcome to 2014, where chronic stress becomes the new normal and our fast-faster society juggles a never-ending to-do list even as we're still frantically catching up from last month's agenda. You can't eliminate stress, but you can learn to reduce its impact and attain grace under pressure with the right strategies.
Valentine's Day Ideas That Will Improve Your Relationship, According to Research. One of the nicest parts of being in a relationship is having routines that you share together and love. But becoming too comfortable in your routines can put your relationship at risk of falling into complacency and even boredom, which isn't so great for your relationship.
4 Ways to Instantly Feel Better About Your Life. It will get better
The New Hypertension Guidelines. I believe there is an epidemic of overtreatment, but not because the blood pressure level that we aim for is too low. The current targets have a fabulously successful track record; they should not be abandoned.
Having A Supportive Spouse Is Good For Your Heart. Having a supportive husband or wife may be good for the heart in more ways than one. A small new study in the journal Psychological
Gosh, You're Attractive. Sometimes it may feel like how good-looking a person is (or isn't) is the only thing that ever mattered in the world. But
How I Stay Motivated to Meditate. I believe meditation practice on the cushion is exactly that -- \practice\ for the rest of life. When I sit down each morning to meditate, I hone my power of concentration.
Target Your Body's 7 Troublesome Spots. Have you ever wished you could just walk into a gym and get a done-for-you list of the very best exercises to target your specific trouble spots? Consider this article your go-to guide for the best butt, hip, thigh, calf exercises, chest, shoulder, back, arm and ab exercises.
Be Bold, Be Vulnerable, Be a Unicorn. So, what I've been doing lately is applying what I'm learning in my personal life to my professional life and vice versa
No Social Media Required. How the heck does one make new friends -- real, in-person, flesh-and-blood friends -- as an adult in our crazybusy world without coming off as a creeper, a psycho or worse?
6 Signs of Bipolar Disorder. A person can have a mixed episode of mania and depression and swing back and forth from one pole to the other.  During mania, people often do not feel that anything is wrong with them.
The REAL Reason You're Always Cold. Katelyn\u00a0Heindel is always cold. Read more on www.weather.com
5 Surprising Ways Your Mattress Affects Your Sleep And Health. Not that we don't recognize the importance of a comfy mattress. In a 2011 poll, the National Sleep Foundation found that
Tools for Fighting Prostate Cancer. By providing a nutrient-rich environment via our food and supplements and incorporating rest, relaxation, and exercise into our daily life, our body's ability to fight the negative genes in their expression are improved.
A Practical, Holistic Approach to Complete Wellness. Holistic thinking isn't complicated. It's the realization that each part of your life effects every other part. If you feel great about your job and your bank balance is OK -- but you hate your flat -- then your whole sense of well-being is disturbed by one element.
How To Burn Calories Like A Winter Olympian. Starting with last night's Opening Ceremonies, it's safe to say the biggest Winter Olympics fans among us may be tempted
The Secret to Giving Love This Valentine's Day. One of the most important questions I think we can ask each other is, \What do I do that makes you feel I love you?\ and then listen very carefully and write down the answers. Give yourselves a couple of days to reflect and then make it a dinner-table discussion, or a Sunday sit-down-and-talk-with-the-children type session. You may be surprised at the answers you hear.
The Top 10 Workout Songs for February 2014. This month's top 10 list is as eclectic as they come. From the Top 40, you'll find a trio of collaborations featuring Enrique Iglesias, Macklemore, and Shakira.
Antibiotic Research and Development in the Age of Superbugs (Part 1). The scale of what we stumbled into has since become increasingly apparent. Bacteria have been engaged in a microscopic chemical war for a lot longer than we have been walking the Earth.
Response to 'Re-Imagining the Doctor' by Ronald W. Dworkin. Co-authored by
We Tried It. Transitioning from plank pose to lunge pose on the Indo Yoga Board felt almost like getting into standing position on a surf board -- minus the cold water, wind and salt.
Four Ways to Free Yourself From Your To-Do List. I tend to see my to-do list as something that will help me relieve anxiety -- when the to-do list gets smaller, so will my anxiety. Mistake. While it feels great to check things off the list, when there are still pending items I feel like a failure.
CVS Decision on Tobacco Sales Prompts Memory of Life With Cigarettes. Deep down, I knew, and I think most everyone around me knew, that cigarettes were coffin nails.
Stop Complaining About Snowflakes. So next time it snows, remember Mark Twain's observation. Our complaints will never salt high school staircases, shovel hospital
Philip Seymour Hoffman And Simon Critchley On What Influences Happiness. For more on Hoffman and Critchley's happiness talk, check out the video above. Photo credit
5 Things That Weight Maintainers Do That You Don't (And How to Fix It). Long-term maintainers may continue with some behaviors that helped them lose weight, but not all. Maintaining needs to feel easy and not as hard as losing. In order to achieve this, you need to focus on something called \habit forming.\
Is It Harder To Fall Asleep When You're In Love?. Do you remember being so in love that you hardly slept? Science is now providing some insight into how and why our sleep
Why You Might Want To Swap Out Your Low-Fat Diet For A Mediterranean One. When it comes to maintaining a healthy heart, eating more in line with a Mediterranean diet may do you more good than a strictly
The Courageousness of Accepting Things as They Are. You face whatever you have to face right now. Without trying to fix it. Without trying to change it. You just let it be. When
Jessica Kincaid Lost 84 Pounds And Found Happiness. Then I became pregnant with my third child, which ended in a miscarriage. Doctors said that none of what happened was my
Easy Ways To Make Your Breakfast Count For The Rest Of The Day. Including complex carbohydrates, like those from whole grain foods, will prevent a blood sugar crash while keeping you fueled
Olympic Gold Medalist Picabo Street On How Life Has Changed Since Retiring From Competitive Skiing. When Trey was little, I was still staying very active. I was still working out a bit. I would ride my bike. I would go for
Feeling Uncertain Doesn't Make You Weak, Weird or Unqualified. Becoming an entrepreneur was one of the best decisions I've ever made. But it wasn't easy in the beginning. There was a lot of self-doubt and fear. And there were plenty of reasons to feel that way.
How to Really Be Happy. Over time you will also gain a sense of objectivity from the events of your daily life so that you no longer react but rather just observe them happening. With this greater awareness you will experience more joy, more contentment and more fulfillment.
The Opposite of Gratitude. Gratitude requires an open heart A clearing of the mind Gratitude requires huge spaciousness. The Opposite of Gratitude \About
Even Celebrity Chefs Have Their Demons. As Brown and I concluded our brief but voluptuous interview on his career, touring life on the road, and philosophy toward food, I broached the topics (you know I HAD to) of food, weight, and how he keeps it all in balance.
Fortification Follies. Fortified junk food is still junk food. It isn't only what a food doesn't contain (i.e., those nutrients) that makes it dubious. It's what it does contain. The addition of vitamins and minerals does nothing to exonerate junk foods of their standard provisions of added sugars, added salt, artificial flavorings, artificial colorings, inflammatory fats, high glycemic starches, and willfully irresistible calories.
A Health Risk Of Being A Firstborn Child?. The findings suggest that birth order could potentially have long-term health effects, according to the study researchers
Insulin Use In The UK Triples Over Last 20 Years. The use of insulin, a hormone that treats diabetes, has tripled in the United Kingdom over the past 20 years, a new study
The Key To Stress Reduction, Fitness And Smiles Might Be A Daily Groove. But while I exercise five days a week, the time when I'm not hiking, trail running, cycling or hitting the gym, I'm sitting
Winter Olympic Athletes. For context, the difference in an average person's athletic performance in sports physiology tests varies by at least 5 percent
'Splinter' Under Man's Nail Turns Out To Be Tumor (PHOTO). In this case, the tumor affected the tissue beneath the nail, known as the lunula, said Dr. Doris Day, a dermatologist at
Why Getting Old or Sick in America Doesn't Pay (And What You Can Do to Avoid It). My mom has been through the ringer with doctors, Medicare, secondary insurance, and medical professionals. It's as if the left hand has no clue as to what the right hand is doing. To me, health care shouldn't be this complicated.
How to Find Stillness in a Crazy World. The good news is that stillness is within us.  We do not need a quiet garden, secluded beach or a zen room with candles flickering before us in order to find it.  The amazing thing about our personal power is that we can be still, wherever we are and whatever we are doing.
How to Get Yourself Back. On that walk, I realized the power of my friend's words and the importance of finding and having those things that bring us back to ourselves, time and time again. Because life is full of twists and turns, varying energy, new connections and constant change.
How to Stay Healthy When You Work All the Time. You may be killing it at work, but is work killing you? Incorporate these three simple changes into your regular schedule to feel healthy, be happy and still maintain your rock-star status at the office.
Could Using a Simple Dog Command Help Us Leave the Past Where It Belongs?. By telling ourselves to \leave\ something that's weighing us down (figuratively or otherwise), we then, too, have the opportunity to move on to other things. We can't undo what's transpired. But we can move on if we choose to.
The Alphabet of Happiness. You can choose to tap into your \inner coach,\ who encourages you to keep on going.  The \inner coach\ also known as the \growth mindset\ reminds you that even if you face obstacles, you will inevitably get better with practice.
How You Prove Yourself Right. Yet we can always choose channel our desire to connect well with others, with this thought from George Leonard
14 Mantras for Mindful Living in 2014. Mindfulness is a state of being.  Mindfulness can be described in two simple words
The First 5 Steps to Life Balance. 4. Move your body. Exercise, walk, dance, swim, golf -- just get off your ass and move! Besides increasing your creativity
Please, Please, Please Stop Obsessing About the Scales. If you're measuring your success and personal happiness on the scales, you are doing it wrong. You will not succeed in changing your lifestyle, or being happy when you're still pinning your hopes on losing ten pounds the second you make a couple of lil' lifestyle changes.
Making the Most of the Waiting Room. 2. Read a book instead of the magazines provided so that you feel more comfortable in the surroundings. (Often, we can wait
The Reality of Growing Up -- How Ideals from the Past Can Influence the Present. Life isn't about getting to a point an stopping. it's about reaching and moving and learning that the white picket fence will mean a whole lot more if I create it and install it myself.
Remembering My Mom. My mother was essentially a cheerful, optimistic person.  When I was bored, sad or depressed, she would say
These 5 Places Have Mastered The Art Of Sleep. Both science and general public opinion are starting to wake up to the importance of sleep in maintaining health, well-being
A Missed Diagnosis, A Movement, and a Critical Moment for Women's Health. Women, to the eyes of this then young cardiology resident, didn't have heart disease. Men -- older men -- did. So I completely missed the diagnosis.
Changing an Organization. No matter the size of the space you see as shaping your reach -- a domestic violence shelter, an office, a classroom, a desk, or your own mind and body -- if you set out to create a culture of wellness you will come to know far greater balance.
Will Your Child Grow Up To Be Slim Or Heavy?. Families prepared meals with fresh ingredients. Families did outdoor physical activities together. Parents talked to children
The Obamacare Conversation That Matters Most. The ACA has created new health plans with new rules, and people are finally using them to get healthcare. If we want to tell the future, those patients' opinions are the ones we should listen to.
7 Stress-Busting Mantras That Keep You Relaxed. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Many Hospitals Don't Follow Their Infection-Prevention Policies. \Hospitals aren't following the rules they put in place themselves to keep patients safe,\ study researcher Patricia Stone
House, M.D., Helped Doctors Solve This Medical Mystery. The case, detailed in the journal The Lancet, involved a patient who visited a Marburg University clinic in Germany in 2012
A New Study Has Found Staying Calm Isn't Necessarily the Best Way. The next time you feel nervous or anxious, worked up about a big presentation or your husband's forgetfulness, instead of willing yourself to calm down, try telling yourself to get jazzed instead.
Are You Ready to Open Up to Trust, Happiness and Joy?. Mindfulness is conscious awareness of what you are feeling and experiencing in the present moment. But there is more. To get to joy it's not enough to just be aware of the present. To get to joy you have to trust that the present moment is exactly where you belong.
What's Missing With Our Over-Reliance on Electronic Technology?. It might be a stretch to say that if more people declared their bedroom a cell-free zone, there would be fewer divorces, less need for relationship counseling, and more intimacy and pleasure in the world. But then again, maybe it wouldn't.
Maintain Your Equilibrium in the Face of Stress. Your goal isn't to change what's \out there\ so you don't feel stressed. It's to build your resilience so that you can stay strong in the face of anything.
Attractiveness Could Actually Make People's Faces More Forgettable. They also found that the \more attractive\ photos produced more false positives in the study participants, in that they were
5 Ordinary Acts That Make You Extraordinary. I have no outward sign of my disability. I don't have a guide dog, a white cane or dark glasses. But I am a fraud. I am passing. My truth is that I was blinded by an accident 3.5 years ago. And even though I, at my core, remained the same, how I relate to others and the way others relate to me has changed.
The 2014 Checklist. 6. Think about summer. Summer comes quick, so start scheduling now. What is your typical summer like? The good programs fill
The Weekly Rune -- Algiz. It's also interesting to note that in the year and a half of writing The Weekly Rune, this is the first time Algiz has presented
It's True. Researchers from the Universidade Estadual de Londrina in Brazil found that smokers are less likely to be physically active
Bend, Not Break. Resilient people develop a mental capacity that allows them to adapt with ease during adversity, bending like bamboo instead of breaking. They possess a set of powerful traits.
The Key To Combating The Negative Health Effects Of Racism. Racial discrimination has also been shown in past research to negatively affect mental health, as well as speed up aging
How I Trained for My Super Bowl. Their wise coaches have incorporated yoga, meditation, and other thoughtful practices into the team's daily workouts. About
What Tibetan Buddhism Can Teach Us About Happiness. We need two main things to become happy, according to the Tibetan Buddhist tradition
A Note on New Year's Resolutions, Akrasia and Accountability. But keep this in mind
Can China's Health Care Dystopia Become Our Future?. To prevent further problems in our country, and to stop the rest of the world from following us down this path, we have to make a difficult decision. We must decide if it's important to us to preserve our core tenets of liberty, democracy, equity, and justice.
Restless? Try Resting. Some call it meditation, others call it contemplation, but the ability to spend time with ourselves in silence is something that is very rare these days. There are so many distractions.
Gold Medalist Tara Lipinski On How She Dealt With Olympic Pressure. On how she deals with everyday stressors
Work Out Like an Olympian. As top notch athletes give it their all and compete for the chance of a lifetime, it's practically impossible not to be motivated as we cheer them on. So channel that feeling and go for the gold with these Olympian-inspired workout moves that will sculpt your legs, abs, arms and shoulders.
Remission Rites. Remission puts you in the indeterminate space between health and illness, a space that can be fraught with doubt, anxiety and fear -- of cancer's return.
When Failure Is Not an Option, the Real Battle Is Off the Field. As an audience, we have been slow to accept the humanity in our seemingly super-human athletes. Information about the number of athletes suffering from depression and mental illness trickles slowly into the mainstream.
We Tried It. Yes, it's a little tough on the hands -- but in a way that's reminiscent of making it all the way across the monkey bars in second grade. If you're at all competitive, you'll recognize that as a good hurt.
Do You Have the Guts to Say What You Need to Say?. Being honest and putting our tender questions out there on the line feels super scary, but it is so worth it... both for your relationship with yourself and the quality of your relationships with others!
How Is Your Body a Mirror of Your Thought?. If you, too, are looking for healing, perhaps a good place to start is not by consulting the mirror to see what your body is telling you, but by first taking an inventory of your thoughts and events in your life and listening to your spiritual intuition. You just might discover some surprising answers!
Happy Birthday Letter to My 27-Year-Old Self. Be grateful for all of the things you have always hated about yourself and recognize they are now things you have learned to love and appreciate. Be grateful for the life experiences that have paved the way for you to know who you are and who you are not.
What Having A Good Mood Has To Do With Practicing Safe Sex. Researchers observed the study participants over the course of six weeks to track their sexual practices and changes in depressive
Not 'Just a Cat' -- Surprising Responses to My Mourning. She liked just about anyone. But most of all, this darling animal loved me, keeping tight company with me through good times and bad. She was never \just a cat.\ She was just a great cat.
Energy Drinks Linked With Alcohol And Drug Use In Teens. The researchers also said that the daily use of regular and diet soft drinks by teens increased the use of alcohol, cigarettes
Mapping Where We Love To Run. Inspired by a 2011 project that mapped popular running routes in a few European cities, Nathan Yau at FlowingData\u00a0has done
19 Ways To Cook The Best Kale Of Your Life. You can barely visit a food website or read a food magazine these days without seeing kale \u2014 and the obsession is totally
Cancer Messed With the Wrong B*tch. Cancer is not a competition. Oh, well, it is if you ask Official Pancreatic Action -- their latest ad campaign features a picture of a woman, with a bald head (presumably from chemo), and next to her is a quote, \I wish I had breast cancer.\
9 Things You Probably Didn't Know About CrossFit. Also on HuffPost
This Is What Happiness Looks Like Around The World (PHOTOS). The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Why Restricting Sight Could Improve Hearing. The study was conducted in mice and more research would have to be done to see the amount of time a human would need to be
'Biggest Loser' Winner Rachel Frederickson Raises Questions About Healthy Weight Loss. \When you start losing bone and muscle mass, you have all kinds of problems that can manifest,\ Casazza said. \Even a specific
Hoping To No Longer Need Diabetes Treatment, EK Ray Lost 180 Pounds. I discovered over the years that I was turning into an emotional eater. I remember my first real crush on a girl in my class
Touch Restores Life. I understood that stress could stop a person from getting on stage, seeking right employment, being in the relationship of
What's the Situation With Your Work... 'Situation'?. While I'm telling you to be honest with yourself, I'm not advising you to go into work tomorrow and leave a dead fish on your boss' desk with a note that reads \I quit, jerk!\ It's not always easy to find another job, so your first plan of action should be to try and mend your current job \situation.\
How Kikkan Randall, Team USA's Top Female Cross-Country Skier, Guarantees A Good Night's Sleep. Welcome to our \Like An Olympian\ series. During the 2014 Sochi Olympics, HuffPost Healthy Living will take a look at lifestyle
This Is Why Those Online Personality Quizzes Are So Irresistible. The theory of narrative psychology is that humans make sense of their lives by organizing events into stories that fit together
What Will Make People Stop Using Their Phones While Driving?. For teens at least, electronics are the No. 1 distraction while driving, according to a recent report from the AAA Foundation
Woman In China Dies From Bird Flu Strain Previously Unknown In Humans. Chinese authorities last week confirmed a second human case of H10N8 which was reported for the first known time in humans
The Polar Vortex Could Actually Help You Burn Calories. The study also showed that the amount of irisin secreted during shivering is similar to that secreted during exercise, and
Philip Seymour Hoffman. My fears scream out for ice cream. Hoffman's reportedly craved heroin. Honoring our addictions is honoring our humanity
Renewing Your New Year's Resolutions For A Healthier 2014. Garden simply
When You're Powerless, Everything Seems Literally Heavier. Researchers from the University of Cambridge found an association between feeling powerless and perceiving things to be heavier
Testosterone Therapy Does Not Cause Heart Attacks. These newer studies have prompted some to ask for warnings on testosterone therapy and to educate their patients on possible increased risks of heart disease.  Doctors are the ones who need more education here.
Connecting Habits to Change. In my experience, once you've zeroed in, focused, and conquered one bad habit, it's out of your life, and your brain has space to adjust something new.
24 Food Swaps That Slash Calories. By K. Aleisha Fetters When it comes to weight loss, slow and steady wins the race. \While complete diet makeovers can be
10 Things to Include in Your (Quirkyalone) Online Dating Profile. 8) A conversation starter. Include something provocative or at least interesting to respond to in your profile, like a link
Are You Strong Enough to Love?. We cannot see the beauty in others when we are rejecting ourselves. When we allow others to define our worth, then of course we take it personally when someone rejects us -- because we have already rejected ourselves.
The Art of the Healthy Escape. Life is not always a crystal clear day with a sunny horizon. Part of the beauty is the struggle -- how we face it, learn from it and evolve. The question is
Meditation 101. There are five major categories of brain waves, each corresponding to different activities. Meditation enables us to move from higher frequency brain waves to lower frequency, which activates different centers in the brain.
The Worst New Drug of 2014?. The FDA rejected this drug two years ago because of these cancer concerns and questions about how well the drug prevents
13 Ways to Avoid Getting \Mercury Retrograded\. The planetary event that will make your life go crazy--returns. It's known as Mercury Retrograde; and it occurs from Thursday, February 6 to Friday, February 28, 2014.
On Uber for Health Care. By Ali Khan, M.D., Tasce Bongiovanni, M.D., and Ali Ansary Let's get the disclaimer out of the way
Yoga Tips for Newbies. Don't hide in the back of the room when you're new. Yoga is nothing like that algebra class of your nightmares. You won't be called on if you plant yourself in the front, and it's the best spot to see the teacher.
Eat Too Much Over The Weekend? Here's Why You Shouldn't Freak Out. After a weekend of heavy eating and drinking, most dieters probably don't like what they see on the scale come Monday. But
How To Greatly Reduce Your Risk Of Getting Cancer. The World Health Organization is sounding the alarm
Sex After 65. No question that a sense of humor is one of the secrets to a long, successful marriage, a better Valentine than flowers or chocolate.
Control and Health. On those days when you feel like you are in control, you act in healthier and more proactive ways than when you believe that the world is controlling you.  When you feel like you have no control, it can be valuable to engage with other people and let them help to motivate you to act in healthy and productive ways.
Toxic Emotions Can Lead to Serious Health Problems. Anger and hatred can be directed at yourself or at other people, but either way you lose when you allow these negative foods for the soul to take over. Fortunately, there are some ways to overcome anger and hatred in your life.
Bringing the ADHD Debate Into Sharper Focus. Understanding and awareness is the key to successful management of ADHD, and to improving the public health impact of a chronic condition when it is not identified and treated. It starts by getting out of the muddy river of denial.
The Only Strength Exercises You'll Ever Need. Those five moves will do it for you. Pretty soon you'll be able to stroll confidently past all those machines at the gym knowing that all of them are just variations on those five simple moves you've now mastered. See something that isn't? You probably don't need it.
Treatment-Resistant Depression. Six months ago I published a book about depression. In addition to describing my own battles with the beast, I spent a great deal of time explaining in layperson's terms the diagnoses for different mental illnesses as well as the theoretical bases behind prescription drugs, counseling, herbs, supplements, and various \natural\ therapies.
Accept Dependence. Accepting dependence brings you into harmony with the way it actually is. All things, from gophers to galaxies, arise and pass away in dependence on all other things. Dependence is nothing to be ashamed of, in spite of our culture's hyper-emphasis on independence.
New Analysis Reveals Changes in Future of COPD Therapies. COPD's worldwide prevalence is increasing; some research predicts a 30 percent increase in deaths over the next decade, with annual mortality exceeding six million people. Current therapies aim to ease breathing and relieve symptoms, but there is no cure
13 Drugs Whose Risks Emerged Only When They Went Off Patent, Part One. Fosamax Have you ever noticed how warnings about dangerous prescription drug always seem to surface after the drug is no
18 Ways To Spot A Narcissist. It's all in the name of self-promotion and making themselves seem better -- which includes the tactic of name-dropping, Campbell
4 Ways Mindfulness Transforms Your Life -- Just Like the Seahawks!. There's an amazing epidemic sweeping America, and it's a healthy, vital and enriching one. In every walk of life, people are hearing about the value and importance of mindfulness and meditation. For instance, the Seahawks include yoga and meditation in their training, and they just won the Super Bowl!
Fewer Kids Dying In Car Crashes, CDC Says. CHICAGO, Feb 3 (Reuters) - Fewer U.S. children are dying in car crashes, with death rates falling by 43 percent from 2002
'Recovering Alcoholic'. Is it really stigmatizing these days to identify yourself as a recovering alcoholic or addict? The evidence suggests that, to the contrary, coming to the point where an individual able to embrace that identity can help to solidify his or her recovery.
This Man Faced Unimaginable Suffering, And Then Wrote The Definitive Book About Happiness. In his preface to the 1992 edition of the book, Frankl implored readers to follow their conscience above all else. He wrote
Too Little -- And Too Much -- Sleep Raises Depression Risk. The other study, conducted by researchers from the University of Texas Health Science Center and the Centers for Disease
Gardening Counts As Moderate- And High-Intensity Exercise For Kids, Study Finds. To gauge the physical intensity of common gardening activities, Korean researchers had 17 children with an average age of
9 Things You Should Know Before Going Gluten-Free. Many people with celiac disease also find their skin improves when they ditch gluten. Other common skin conditions like eczema
Pesticides Linked With Increased Parkinson's Risk. The increased risk of Parkinson's came when the person was exposed to the ALDH-inhibiting pesticide at both work and at home
Project Wellness. \What does 'recovered' from an eating disorder look like?\ The short answer is, \It depends.\ Recovery depends on your diagnosis, your biology, psychology and circumstances. Like clothing, recovery looks different on each person. Most importantly, it is possible.
Philip Seymour Hoffman and America's Most Neglected Disease. Addiction is America's most neglected disease. Every day we lose people to its lethal outcomes. May Mr. Hoffman's epitaph include a reminder of how far we have yet to go to save others from so tragic a fate.
Why You Need To Take A Sabbatical From Happiness. It's amazing what happens when you decide to be the bearer of your own goodness. You'll start to experience that life is rigged in your favor. This, my dear friends, is the secret of the ages.
10 Rival Companies Join NIH To Search For New Drugs. The companies and the National Institutes of Health (NIH) will share scientists, tissue and blood samples, and data, to identify
Experimental IBS Drug Eluxadoline Succeeds In Large Trials. \We're very excited about the path ahead and about how this can transform patients' lives,\ Almenoff said. The company plans
Play On Your Smartphone, Help Find The Cure For Cancer. Called \Play to Cure
Do Be Do Be Do. And with his iconic glasses and his present nature, Deepak simply shared with the woman that you recognize your thoughts
Cause and Effect. If things were in proper alignment, I would be farther along, so says my harsh inner critic. Cause and effect would evidence
Actually TIME, This Is What The 'Mindful Revolution' Really Looks Like. Here's proof that mindfulness is for everyone, and that it's transforming both individuals and communities across lines of
Battery Failure. It's an unusual paradox but one we all face in today's busy world.  All of us are guilty of becoming so consumed with charging up our gadgets, so that we can race back into the fray of everyday life, that we overlook our most important device -- ourselves.
5 Small Moments That Show Joy Can Be Found In Even The Worst Days. And a beautiful view... Happiness can be found in a snow day... But maybe most importantly, you can find happiness if you
New Year's Resolutions Can Be Made 365 Days a Year. There is nothing special about Feb. 24. I did not see a sign from God or read a motivational quote or get any tough love the day before. I just decided to lose weight. I was ready to change and made a commitment to myself to be successful.
Why Your Therapist Should Go 'Back to the Future'. That is, most therapists today recognize the significance of interpersonal and relationship issues that those three contributed
Concerned For The Safety Of His Patients As An EMT, Andrew Reardon Lost 190 Pounds. In my early 20s, I started a job as a security officer. It was a very sedentary job; I would walk around and check the property
You'll Want To Wash Your Hands Immediately After Reading This. See the full-size image here. Sickness-causing bacteria and viruses can lurk on surfaces long after they're expelled in an
Is the U.S. Finally Saying 'Goodbye' to Trans Fats?. Public health folks are very excited about this new FDA ruling. It's a huge deal in U.S. food policy. But that doesn't mean change happens over night. Until these harmful additives are removed from our food supply, consumers should continue to make informed decisions about choosing healthy fats over harmful ones.
Depressed? Could Be Your Diet!. While there's more research that needs to be done to pinpoint a clear connection, for now scientists speculate that the pro-inflammatory nature of these foods are what's triggering depressive symptoms.
What Success Meant To Philip Seymour Hoffman. Hoffman's extensive body of good work will be remembered. His powerful, moving performances, which were filled with authenticity
How to Be Your Own Superhero!. Do what you want, period. You don't need permission, approval or validation from others. You're capable of figuring out what you want to do, so bust through that wall of cement and do it!
Women-Only Gyms. \Men have been combining fitness and a social aspect for ages, doing business and creating relationships at the same time
New Safety Rules For Truck Drivers Effectively Reduce Fatigue. Safety regulations that require more break time for sleep for truck drivers between shifts are effective at decreasing fatigue
Giving vs. Receiving. As we become effective at both giving and receiving, our relationships take on a vibrancy and fulfillment, adding to the richness of being fully alive.
Thirdhand Smoke Leads To Organ Damage, Hyperactivity In Mice. \Tobacco-specific nitrosamines, some of the chemical compounds in thirdhand smoke, are among the most potent carcinogens
February. Don't cry over spilt milk because you'll need your energy for \Northern Hemisphere Hoodie Hoo Day\ on Feb. 20. When the clock
In Pursuit of True Happiness. We all wish to be happy. We seek material bounty, fulfilling relationships, peace and a connection with nature. But we know that there's another, deeper aspect to happiness, one that scientists cannot measure. It is the fulfillment of our calling and mission, giving us the deep satisfaction that our time here on earth was most fulfilling, for us and those who we impacted.
Health, Prevention and Wellness. Arianna and I recognized this as an opportunity to have a more profound impact. Together, we could -- no, should -- use whatever influence we have to touch more women, and to focus their attention on this vital issue of women and heart disease.
Why Heroin Is So Deadly. People who are alone and have taken too much heroin often pass out and die. Whereas when people use heroin with others, someone
What Drug Relapse Has To Do With Accidental Overdose Risk. But for many recently relapsed addicts, overdose is an all too frequent occurrence. Having gotten some time off of using
The Health Care Doctors Forgot. Medical schools almost completely ignore the topic. Biomedical funding agencies mostly give it a pass, at best dedicating only a small percentage of their funding for nutrition research. The public therefore must fend for itself when trying to understand which nutrition information is correct and which is not.
Coffee -- Even Decaf -- Could Help Cut Diabetes Risk. Studies have found that a combination of chemicals in coffee beans may affect metabolism \u2014 the chemical processes in the
Fighting Against the Stigma of Mental Illness. If your friend tells you she she's having a panic attack, ask her what you can do to help. I promise you, she's not being lazy. She's trying to survive.
How Do Financial Incentives Influence Doctors' Judgments?. We should also recognize that we, too, are human, and when our recommendations have financial implications, we should ask ourselves
The Uncertainy Solution. The voice of fear in our heads will always want to win out over our dreams and our loudest, proudest life. Don't let it.
Have You Heard You're Not Alone in Your Grief? It Isn't Really True. You alone carry the knowledge of how your grief lives in you. You alone know all the filaments of life and of love that fly through you. You alone know how deeply your life is now changed. You alone have to face this, inside your own heart.
Resilience and Change. When routine, whether in action or attitude, becomes too comfortable or constrictive, it's often a clue we're limiting ourselves. There's an invitation waiting -- to look again and discover a new spaciousness. It's here, in this spaciousness, that we're better able to notice the big things and the little things.
What Was It Like Practicing Medicine in the Early 1980s, When People Started Dying Because of HIV/AIDS?. Arriving on the Ward (the third floor of the old Men's Unit, now gone), I am a second year resident in Internal Medicine
Do You Know How Powerful Your Thoughts Are?. Within the privacy of our own consciousness -- in the theater of our mind -- we create our own sense of reality, which we inhabit as our role in the great drama of life.  It is a complex structure, like a skeletal system for our consciousness.
New Study Teases Apart Caregiving-Depression Link. In a study of twins, published in the journal Annals of Behavioral Medicine, researchers found that caregivers without a
Salt Intake Linked With Teen Obesity, Regardless Of Calorie Intake. The findings, published in the journal Pediatrics, also showed that teens are consuming way too much sodium, with some more
If This Playlist Can Help The Seahawks Win A Super Bowl, It Will Surely Get You Through 30 Minutes On The Treadmill. While covering the Seattle Seahawks over the past week, Sports Illustrated senior writer Peter King recorded some of the
Infants Can Sense When Their Mothers Are Stressed. Babies may not be able to convey complex emotions, but they can still feel what their mothers are feeling, at least when
Foolproof Formula. The realm of consciousness is much vaster than thought can grasp. When you no longer believe everything you think, you step out of thought and see clearly that the thinker is not who you are.
13 Reasons Why A Dog Will Make Your Life So Much Better. A 2009 study by Miho Nagasawa of Azabu University in Japan found that one's level of oxytocin (the neurohormone that elicits
Demystifying Therapy. Preparing for your first session with a new therapist can be a bit nerve wracking. Sharing your pain and vulnerabilities with a perfect stranger can feel foreign and even daunting.  If you notice yourself feeling nervous, don't worry, it is totally normal.
Finding Mindfulness on the A Train. I was a bit stumped on how to bring mindfulness into the subway ride. I decided not to hold on (it is cold season you know), and instead I splayed my legs a tad wider and rocked with the movement of the car. It was bumpy, noisy, and distracting. Could I meld into the distractions?
Embrace Your Courageous Side With This Fearless Soundtrack. Brave -- Sara Bareilles I Won't Back Down -- Tom Petty It's My Life -- Bon Jovi Roar -- Katy Perry Don't Stop Believin' -- Journey
Your Pets Are Actually Improving Your Social Life. For the study, published in the journal Applied Developmental Science, more than 500 young adults (ages 18 to 26) were surveyed
How to Train Like a Pro. Practice makes perfect. If you slip up, as you will, don't beat yourself up! It takes time to form new habits, and you're going to have days where things just don't go as planned. Stay committed, stay positive and just keep at it!
Supplements Could Have Negative Effect On Endurance Training. After 11 weeks, the muscles of the people in the placebo group had produced more mitochondria \u2014 \powerhouses\ of the cells
Teen Boy Is Youngest To Have Sporadic Fatal Insomnia. The report is published online Feb. 3 in the journal Pediatrics. Doctors knew the boy had a progressive brain disease, but
Lack of Knowledge on Long-Term Contraception Is the Real Danger for Women. Setting politics and religion aside, it is true that contraceptive medications as a whole serve an important role in women's health. But the latest media stories about the dangers of using these birth control methods are not where the sound bytes should end. A much bigger issue is at risk.
Take This Super Bowl Challenge. You could spend Sunday's Broncos vs. Seahawks battle chowing down on some of the 1.25 billion chicken wings or 1 million
Do You Talk In Your Sleep?. Bed partners often report that silicone earplugs, a fan or a white noise machine can help reduce noise from the sleep talker
How to Survive the Big Game. Just when you thought you finally got a hold of this whole \diet\ and working out thing after all of the holiday madness, it's time for the Big Game. Since some of these football games turn into day-long affairs, if you cannot make it to the gym or outside for a good sweat, get in a fun workout with your friends while you enjoy the game.
What Americans Really Know About Heart Disease (INFOGRAPHIC). What do we really know about heart disease? | Create Infographics
Deregulation is Fueling The Obesity Epidemic, Report Finds. The researchers compared the number of fast food transactions with body mass index (BMI) in 25 high-income countries between
Here's What Football Players Eat During The Super Bowl. That doesn't mean the occasional fast food run has been completely wiped out. \Fried chicken is a staple,\ says Matava, but
These Football Friendships Are Proof That You Can Overcome Differences (PHOTOS). \I\u2019ve learned that something constructive comes from every defeat.\ \u2013- Tom Landry As two teams prepare to go head-to-head
Jane Pauley And Sebastian Seung On Why Certain Memories Stick Out In Our Brains. \Perceptions feel so real in the moment, but the feeling of what's happening is so ephemeral. It's very real at one point
The Art of Self-Love. Extending too much love to others can leave us lacking in love for ourselves. We must walk the fine line of attending to others and tending to ourselves, all the while never falling second to the needs of another. Because to love ourselves is to know ourselves, and to know ourselves is to recognize the full spectrum of our powers.
NFL Nutritionist On Why Healthy Eating Makes Champions. With its bodies nearly as big as its tackles, football might be the sport with the most obvious connection to food. But whereas
13 Healthier Super Bowl Recipes You've Never Tried Before. By Sophia Breene The Super Bowl is one of the biggest sports events of the year. Even people who can't tell a running back
The Biggest Heart Health Studies Of The Past Year. Don't skip breakfast. Making sure to eat a morning meal every day could help keep your risk of experiencing a heart attack
3 Keys to Lasting Love. Allow your loved ones to be who they are, to walk their unique path and simply accept. Give them what you would want to give yourself. In this way, love will continue to grow stronger each day.
What Denver Can Teach The World About Living Well. By nearly every measure of physical activity, Denver meets or exceeds the mark
Secondhand Smoke May Cause Kids' Cavities. Correction
8 Superpowers You Didn't Know You Had. You know it\u2019s important for children. There are huge businesses built on promoting fun in childhood. Then what happens? You
Changing My Body to Stay Alive. My spouse Mark and I begin a new journey this month. The second half of last year kicked my ass and left me in a severely weakened state. I lost 30 pounds in six months. It was weight that I could not afford to lose.
Children Of Teen Parents And Older Dads May Face Higher Psychiatric Risks. \Teenaged parenthood has been associated with a broad range of adverse health, educational, social, and crime-related outcomes
Respecting the Past and Embracing the Future. With clients, we explore what the changes in their profession mean to them, and we strategize to locate opportunities to embrace change and flourish in this new economy. Lately, I have also encouraged clients to watch Downton Abbey.
What Seattle Can Teach The Rest Of The Country About Living Well. On Saturdays, 60-odd growers and procurers gather in the University Heights Community Center playground to sell their wares
Understanding the Narcolepsy-Autoimmune Relationship. Both of these studies offer compelling new information about the root causes and mechanisms of this very serious disorder. They also offer the promise of swifter and more accurate diagnoses, and of improvements to treatment.
Why Facebook and Twitter Make Us Feel Rejected. Although there are a thousand ways to feel rejected on social media, 999 of them are probably not personal. Assuming the worst in these situations will not only cause you unnecessary hurt, it can make you reach incorrect conclusions about your friendships and assume problems exist where they do not.
California Sees High Death Rate In Unusually Severe Flu Season. The California deaths were caused by a strain of the influenza virus that is sending sufferers across the nation to the doctor
The Terrible Silence Between Breaths. I learned to breathe on my own about a month after my stroke. But, actually learning to breathe on my own was the single most significant and terrifying experience of my life.
I Didn't Know That. Great relationships are generally co-created by people who are willing to be wrong, or at the very least recognize the difference between their opinion and what is factually true.
After An Eye-Opening Shopping Experience, Alyssa Croteau Lost 101 Pounds. Current Weight
Mindful At Work Challenge, Day 5. At the Institute, we have a saying, \Small steps change the dance.\ The Mindful at Work Challenge suggested introductory
From Physician Burnout to Mindful M.D.. Mindfulness-based practices are not just a hobby for our free time or just a marketing trend.  It is a way of living that can prevent or even heal career burnout.  What if I had realized this earlier in my career as a physician?
How To Be A Symbol Of Generosity To Others (PHOTOS). Rob White\u2019s international bestseller, And Then I Met Margaret is now available to help you identify the everyday, unassuming
Trust. As I neared home, I looked again in my rear view mirror. There they sat, looking at me, smiling (yes, Chip was smiling), and
CDC Confirms Norovirus Caused Nearly 700 To Fall Ill On Royal Caribbean Cruise. The Explorer of the Seas will be sanitized, with no one allowed on board for 24 hours or more, the Associated Press reported
FDA Approves Hetlioz Drug That Helps Regulate Internal Clocks Of People Who Are Blind. Hetlioz affects melatonin, a hormone produced by the body's pineal gland that plays a key role in regulating the body's master
Game Changer. Complaining is not to be confused with informing someone of a mistake or deficiency so that it can be put right. And to refrain from complaining doesn't necessarily mean putting up with bad quality or behavior.
6 Tips To Make Running In The Cold A Little Bit Better. By Amy Schlinger for Life by DailyBurn \Every time you take a sniff of outside air, it's the nose's job to filter, warm and
The Painful Fight. Our relationships are the source of most of our contrasts. We can use each other for draining self-sabotage or we can grow together in a nurturing flow. Both scenarios are ways to use our creative power one is not better than the other. In the end it all comes down to taste and awareness.
How Sleep Can Heal Your Heart (VIDEO). Check out the clip above for Grandner's tips on how to ease into bedtime instead. We know that getting enough sleep is good
7 Smart Food Swaps For A Healthier Super Bowl Sunday. Traditional Super Bowl fare -- we're talking wings, nachos, pizza, beer -- isn't exactly the type of food that would, say
Teens Who Skip Breakfast May Face Metabolic Syndrome Risk In Middle Age. By the end of the study period, 27 percent of the participants had developed metabolic syndrome. Researchers found an association
Our Shared Responsibility. The 25th anniversary of World AIDS Day on Dec. 1 was a fitting occasion to mark the progress that has been made towards ending this disease globally and to identify the challenges and opportunities that lie ahead.
Overachieving Never Got Me Thin. As an achiever, I had no idea I could slow down, ask for help, take time out, let go of white-knuckling, accept longing and disappointment as natural byproducts of life. Now, as someone with a different body and mindset, I practice my tips and do the opposite of what I did in my career. The outcome is not only greater success in all areas of my life, but a calmer, healthier and more balanced me.
How to Use Personal 'Airbags' to Create Space in Daily Life. Metaphorically speaking, our packed days and weeks are like avalanches, rolling over our heads and burying us underneath them. As in a real avalanche, the key lays in creating space. Space between the things, between the events.
5 Ways To Have A More Meaningful Life. By Sally Wadyka If someone asked you whether you wanted your life to be meaningful or happy, chances are you'd say \both
Why 'Fat Shaming' Ourselves Doesn't Lead to Weight Loss. With self-compassion, I want to be healthy, I want to make good choices, and I want to honor how far I've come.
FDA To Investigate Heart Attack-Testosterone Link. Jan 31 (Reuters) - The U.S. Food and Drug Administration said on Friday it is investigating the risk of stroke, heart attack
Want Your Relationship to Last? Do This!. Want to know one of the key elements that really does make a relationship last?
Eric Ferguson Charged More Than $89,000 By Hospital For Snake Bite Anti-Venom Treatment. Eric Ferguson got bitten by a snake. Then health care costs sank their teeth into him. Lake Norman Regional Medical Center
Helmet Design Could Play A Role In Concussion Risk. The hard hitting action on a football field creates a high risk environment for concussions, but one new study shows how
Breast Cancer Survivor Allison Gryphon. See the full HuffPost Live conversation with Allison Gryphon about her fight with breast cancer and her film, \What the F
The Yoga Lingo You Need To Know Before Your Next (Or First) Class. Lots of fitness and wellness worlds come with their own complex languages. Here, we teach you the basic vocab you'll need
Restrictions Loosened On Gynecologists Treating Men. SAFETY However, opposition had mounted from gynecologists and others who said the policy interfered with medical research
Mindful At Work Challenge, Day 4. Now turn your attention to the mind. Can you notice thoughts or emotions that might be present? Are there full-length feature
What's 'Normal' When It Comes To Sweat?. So what are you supposed to do if you sweat a lot? Use antiperspirant, for starters. If your feet get extra-sweaty, the Mayo
Return on Your Investments, for Life. Everything is interconnected. All the moving parts together form an intricate, complex machine. Unfortunately, this means
Changes in Modern Medicine. There are many modalities to healing. Combining experience and knowledge, gut instinct, lifestyle and, most importantly, the individuality of each patient will help counter medical reversals and better our health.
Survivalist Mick Dodge Talks New Reality Show. Meet the man who has stepped out of the modern world to live among the trees in Washington's Hoh Rainforest. Survivalist
Idiot Compassion and the Power of Sorrow. When we clamp down on our inner experience or avoid emotions, the path to kindness is also obscured. Kindness toward others is actually synonymous with kindness toward self.
Burn Down the Old to Make Way for the New. Practicing yoga creates tapas, heat. Heat is a catalyst for change. You throw everything you are and have been into the fire of your practice, and when the ashes settle, the smart thing to do is to move forward, mindful of where you've been and open to what might be.
A Seamless Transition From Winter to Spring. Be mindful of ordering takeout too often and try to be as prepared as possible for the upcoming week. Incorporate these small changes to avoid the winter bulge and to make the transition into spring easier on yourself.
How to Deal With Betrayal?. Betrayal or violated trust can be incredibly jolting. In a sense, it can feel traumatic because it catches us totally off guard and threatens the (false) sense of security we project on others. Feel your sadness or anger. Cry, scream, journal, or hit a pillow.
Common Emotions And Themes Of Nightmares And Bad Dreams Revealed In Study. For instance, one participant wrote
Indoor Tanning Common In Western Countries, Review Shows. More than one-third of adults in 16 western countries have indoor-tanned at least once in their lives, with 15 percent saying
Mistakes Women Make in the Gym. If it seems you are not seeing the results you want after spending hours in the gym, maybe it's what you are doing there that you should be thinking about.
13 Ways to Change Your Body Without Starving or Over-Exercising. Enjoy where you are in your journey. So you're a ways away from your goal? So what! Look how far you've come! Acknowledging that you want to change your body is a big step in the right direction.
5 Helpful Tips for Hanging Out With This Alcoholic. It took me a while to come out of my safety shell and start to enjoy life as a sober person. To see people again, in the \going out\ kind of way. No wonder my friends are confused. They probably have no clue what the hell to do with me. Or what's appropriate and/or safe to say around me.
Want To Be A Better Athlete? Try Plyos. The research comes from a team from Universidad de Los Lagos in Chile, and includes studies of young soccer players and adult
Hawaii to Cap Sizes of Sugary Drinks. The Hawaii State Senate recently introduced a bill that would prohibit the sale of sugar-sweetened drinks in containers larger than 16 ounces anywhere in the state.
High Well-Being Could Make You More Altruistic. Altruism doesn't just help others -- research shows that it can also benefit the person who is giving back. Benefits include
Does Chronic Fatigue Syndrome Need A New Name?. If the prestigious Institute of Medicine pays attention to your disease, that's usually considered a good thing. But some
What Happened to Our Primary Agreements?. We often have several \primary agreements\ in our intimate relationships. We agree to take care of each other, as well as to be nice, to protect and not to hurt each other. \I've got your back!  I wont hurt you, and I wont let any one else hurt you! You're safe with me!\
Get a Real Physical. A new year means time for another physical or annual exam.  Many people delay this appointment, thinking it is a waste of time, since they feel just \fine.\  Staying healthy, as we are all learning, is no longer a choice.
Confession of a Food Addict. I am a recovering food addict. I don't go looking for sugar, and my body is leaner and fitter than ever with the same amount of exercise or less. I walk right by the bakery, the candy aisle, and even the H\u00e4agen-Dazs stores, which I could never do before.
Are You Able to Choose What's Good for You?. If you believe I'm not capable or competent, you don't have a choice about seeing yourself able to do things successfully
The Weird Strategy Dr. Seuss Used to Create His Greatest Work (And Why You Should Use It, Too). Dr. Seuss was given 50 words. That was the size of his canvas. His job was to see what kind of picture he could paint with those words. You and I are given similar constraints in our lives.
Connect to Something Greater Than Yourself. Identifying these purposes requires some deep thought and maybe even some soul-searching. The power that real purpose brings to any effort makes it all worthwhile. So take the time to identify how you connect with something greater than yourself, and prepare for the power you will wield when you tap into that intention.
For Men With ADHD, Taking Medication Could Mean Fewer Car Accidents. Typical Toddler Behavior, or ADHD? 10 Ways to Tell 9 Odd Ways Your Tech Devices May Injure You Top 10 Controversial Psychiatric
Young Girl's Thick Back Hair Was Sign Of Spine Problems (PHOTO). Dr. Ahmad Latefi, an attending neurosurgeon at North Shore-Long Island Jewish\u2019s Cushing Neuroscience Institute in Manhasset
Testosterone Could Triple Heart Attack Risk For Some Men. \Patients and their physicians should discuss the risk of heart attacks when considering testosterone therapy,\ said study
The Secret to Getting Started!. Procrastination is an epidemic.  It stops us from becoming who we are here to be and from living our lives to their fullest potential.  Every minute you spend thinking about what it is you would like to create, make and achieve is a minute you are not spending doing it.
At His Lowest Point, John Baldenweck Wanted To End His Life. Then He Lost 205 Pounds.. Check out more of our inspiring weight loss stories below
Mindful At Work Challenge, Day 3. Through the awareness of breath and sound meditations we've been exploring these past couple of days, we're developing our
4 Top Weight Loss Scams of the Year (So Far). These are just a sample of the rogues gallery of conmen scheming to pick your pocket. Worse than stealing from you, they keep you from using the real solution to your weight problem while sending you on a goose chase that will leave you feeling hopeless.
Wireless and Clueless. WHEN LISTENING TO AND FOLLOWING INSTRUCTIONS FROM HIGHEST WISDOM PRODUCE HAPPY RESULTS, WHO NEEDS WIRES AND CLUES? It's been
10 Ways To Prevent Sleep-Related Weight Gain. More from Everyday Health
Ecstatic Moments. If I'm not fully present with my heart completely open, then the above experiences will not feel ecstatic and luminous. Ecstatic moments occur only when you are fully present in each moment, with your heart completely open to all that life offers -- both the wonderful and the painful.
It's Not Just How Many Steps You Take, It's How You Take Your Steps. The study participants were grouped according to the number of steps they took and the rate of their steps, and researchers
The American Health Care Paradox. So, who is responsible for our health? The answer seems to be everyone! The problems we face in health care and social welfare are so vast that their solutions must embrace about everything known and in all sectors -- and then all the remedies identified have to be thrown against the wall of ill health in order for a good bit to stick.
Chronic Pain. I understand how people can become so desperate for relief that they will try just about anything. After all, when traditional avenues are all but exhausted, what choice does a patient really have? All our son wants is relief from his debilitating pain so he can enjoy the normal life of a teenager. Every day his mom and I pray that something will finally work so we can, at long last, lift the darkness and bring him back into the light.
10 Kind Songs That Will Improve Your Outlook On The World. Next time you're feeling down, think about giving back -- even if it's in just a small way. Check out the playlist below
Fools, Fanatics and Fat-Free Milk. Here's what we actually know. In the U.S., more dairy in the diet -- of whatever variety -- is generally associated with better health and weight outcomes. But that is likely because in the context of our culture, more dairy means less soda. In global context, some of the world's healthiest diets and most convincing intervention trials have de-emphasized, or even excluded dairy.
China Bans Smoking In Schools. Critics say another problem is that it is not clear who is responsible for punishing violators of cigarette bans, meaning
8 Things Your Brain Does Wrong Every Day. Most of us would like to think that we recall past events with accuracy -- but we don't need psychologists to tell us that
Cure vs. Remission. Until researchers find a cure Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis, I implore you -- please don't say these diseases can be cured when they can't. There is already a significant lack of understanding related to these diseases -- we must be focused on disseminating the right information and making people aware of these diseases, rather than spreading false truths.
Scientists Pinpoint The Age At Which Our Earliest Memories Fade. Research has suggested that's because infants don't have the neural capabilities needed to retain an autobiographical memory
Can We Change Our Culture of Burnout?. I'm empathic to those caught in the burnout vortex. I've been in it, and still struggle to not get sucked backed in. I come from good German stock with a work ethic of steel. Even my non-German mother's warning was not enough to sway me 20 years ago.
Study Looks At Psychological Impact of 'Obesity Is A Disease' Recognition. They found that obese study participants who read the article about obesity being a disease were less likely than others
Heart Disease Is Still The No. 1 Killer Of Women. Here's What We Need To Know To Change That. The panelists expressed concern over the disparities in heart disease cases among Hispanic and African-American populations
Naomi Judd Opens Up To Katie Couric About Health Benefits Of Mind-Body Practice. Watch the clip above to view the full segment. \What we're recognizing more and more is that all of the stuff our brain takes
Extra Hours in the Week! Atlanta's Snow Slam 2014. As adults, we seem to have the work side of the equation down pat. We work at the office, we work at home, we help kids with
Learning to Let Go. For all too many years, I have pondered the question as to how to let go, when in reality, I had already done so.\u00a0 Perhaps not in the terms that a trained mental health expert would prefer, but in my own way.\u00a0 It was the only approach that made sense to me.
These Cringeworthy Restaurant Truths Will Make You Think Twice About Dinner. Back in 2006, a Florida seventh-grader made national news with a science project showing how ice at various fast food restaurants
Don't Diagnose Drug Allergies Over the Phone. It's not a good idea to diagnose drug allergies without seeing the patient. First, it is very difficult to describe a rash over the phone. Are the spots pink or red? Are they raised or flat? Are they isolated or do they appear in groups?
Are You Too Close for Sex?. You can learn to love the one you're with and create a sex life and feeling of love based on closeness instead of distance and mystery. Despite what the popular culture says, it's entirely possible! And entirely wonderful.
Aegeline Identified As Harmful Ingredient In OxyElite Pro. Although around 180 million Americans use diet supplements daily, it is very difficult for the FDA to oversee them. Manufacturers
Dying to Be Heard. People diagnosed with progressive chronic illness face two basic choices
6 Things Not To Say To Someone With Depression. \The phrase 'cheer up' is like a close cousin of 'suck it up,'\ Kaplin says. Telling someone to be cheery isn't going to
Do You Do It in the Rain?. The truth is, if you want to accomplish the truly big goals in life you're going to have to have the kind of mindset that will get you out there doing what you have to do. In good weather and bad. When you feel like it and when you don't. Day in and day out. In short, you must be willing to do it, No Matter What!
What Oprah Winfrey Can Teach Us About Living Well. \I know for sure that appreciating whatever shows up for you in life changes your personal vibration,\ Oprah wrote in 2012
The Good Nap. The term \nap\ on its own may sound like behavior appropriate for a baby or child, not an activity for a grown-up.  For some adults the term \power nap\ may legitimize getting some afternoon shut-eye.  The fact is you can benefit from a nap if you're 2, 22, 42, 62 or 82.
In Tune With the Spirit. \I found I could remember teachings more easily and enjoyed them even more when I composed music under them,\ said Rhodes
Mindful At Work Challenge, Day 2. Welcome back! We hope you enjoyed yesterday's practices as we began this experiment in learning to lead from a place of greater
Depression and Cancer. My surgery was deemed a success, and I was cancer-free. I should have been elated. Except I wasn't. The end of my surgery marked the beginning of my marriage shattering depression. Instead of focusing on the second chance at life that I was granted, I felt more like a ticking time bomb.
Confessions to My Body. Body, I'm truly grateful to you. I'm done ignoring, overlooking and pushing your wisdom aside. I'm going to listen to you. In important matters, like career, love, friendships and family, I'll trust your guidance. Please help me sense what matters.
45 Days Until 45. Tomas reassured me that if I could stare down a scale, I could stare down his lens.  He told me the photo shoot would be empowering for me and inspiring for other \real\ women out there (a line he obviously does not use on the supermodels and showgirls he usually photographs).
3 Ways to Beat the Cold. The ancient tradition of Ayurveda exists as a medical system we can use to improve and maintain our health. As a natural
Turn Your Discipline Into 'Blissipline' and FINALLY Get It Done. 3. Have a strong \WHY.\ This is the crux of what blissipline is all about
Practice Is Better With A Partner, Study Shows. \They say it takes two to tango and it seems that for physical tasks, practicing with a partner really does improve performance
Disrupted Sleep Could Spur Cancer Growth Through Immune System Effects, Animal Study Shows. And in another similar experiment with disrupted sleep in mice, but involving implanting tumor cells in the mice's thigh
Did the Cold Cause My Cold?. As an infectious disease doctor, I felt a little embarrassed that I didn't know the definitive answer to this simple question. Especially since I repeatedly rebuke my teenage children for not taking a jacket to school or wearing socks and a sweater at home.
Scratching Away At The Science Behind The Itch. Some promising treatment approaches involve targeting receptors on immune cells, which may be somewhat effective against
Ragwitek. Merck filed its application seeking U.S. approval of Ragwitek last March. The drug, and another pill for grass pollen allergies
The 13 Winter Superfoods You Should Be Eating Right Now. 10. Kiwi Did you know one kiwi has more vitamin C than an orange? It's true. Don't let any part of it go to waste either
CrossFit. If you decide to get your exercise through the CrossFit program, it's important to know that the motivation that comes from the \communal aspect\ of CrossFit can become very dangerous if taken to the extreme.  Too hard and too fast isn't a healthy strategy.
Menopause. My mother went mad during menopause. Whatever was holding her together all those years finally collapsed. I always remember
Amazing. The moment we focus attention on one thing and bring the mind into a quiet place, then we are meditating, which means it can be as much active as it is being still.
8 Rooftop Retreats To Help You Focus On The Bigger Picture (PHOTOS). The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Why Is This Year's Flu So Dangerous For Young Adults?. You've probably heard by now that this year's flu season is a bad one. Here is a guide to the viruses that are going around
How To Read Nutrition Labels. From Mother Nature Network's Jenni Grover
Want to Avoid GMOs? Look for This Label. \Coach\ Mark Smallwood has been dedicated to environmental sustainability, efficiency, and conservation for decades. Since
Research Links Severe Mental Illness And Substance Use. Whatever the answer, researchers now have a concrete start provided by the new data and a launching pad for future studies
6 Powerful Quotes To Remember Pete Seeger. Pete Seeger, the singer and songwriter who charged the way for the revival of American folk music, died on Monday at the
Laurie Anderson Surprises Us All. Laurie Anderson once said on stage at the Rubin that the essence of good art is that it should have the ability to surprise
Finding Your Bliss. Leave the negative self-talk behind and create positive thoughts. Focus on you. What did you do today that deserves your attention? Whatever it is that makes you shine -- acknowledge it and own it. You deserve it. Well done!
No Flight, No Fight -- Simply Surrender. The next time I felt the familiar foreboding before a panic attack, I said to myself, \Go ahead, have this panic attack. It's been a stressful week and this is your way of dealing with it. Nothing bad will happen, it's just going to be uncomfortable and will only last a little while.\
When Talking Fails, We Communicate Anyway. Rule One
Who Is Ken Wilber? (And Why You Should Know). Truth be told, I was still very young in my spiritual journey and found myself attracted predominately to writers with \strange
Snow, the Great Harmonizer. The purity of fresh whiteness, the softness expressed by a blanket of white over trees, streets, roads and waterways shifts us down a notch.  We are touched by the beauty that surrounds us and are in better spirits, even with the inconveniences that it invariably causes.
I Became a Hippie at 50, and It Feels Too Good to Be True!. My neurologist was the first one to say, \Renata, you have a disease that requires you to have a more relaxed life, because it causes you stress. You should only work six hours a day.\ But how?
Inspired By A Visit To Fenway Park, Scott Sewell Lost 140 Pounds. Check out more of our inspiring weight loss stories below
11 Mistakes You're Making In The Bathroom (And How To Fix Them). Your bathroom is where you go to get clean, right? Don\u2019t answer that just yet... In the spirit of better bathroom experiences
4 Things That Make the Difference Between Surviving and Thriving. In light of those things we cannot change, it makes sense that we would do everything in our power to choose habits that will serve to strengthen our ability to bounce back in difficult times.
Resolution Resilience. 4. KNOW THE PROS AND CONS You have to ask yourself what are the consequences of you NOT doing this, what are the downsides
Mindful Listening to Enhance Leadership Performance. Mindful and empathic listening can be learned. To master these skills one can take advantage of every day interactions. As my experience with paramilitary commander Mauricio shows, focus, awareness and presence quite your mind when one is hostage of negative emotions.
Life in a Glass Cage. Other times, you've fractured the glass with a well-placed elbow, only to see the panes spray inward, shocking your skin
Interpreting Dream Interpretation. While some dreams can appear to be more self-explanatory than others, even those are often filled with symbols and multiple layers of meaning -- but exactly what that meaning is depends on the dreamers.
A Different Drummer. This poem was submitted anonymously and is an adaption of \A Different Drummer\ by Henry David Thoreau. Readers, please feel
Sleep Deprivation Raises Diabetes Risk. We have a great deal of evidence that establishes this connection between sleep and diabetes. But we don't yet understand well the mechanics behind this connection.
Welcome To Day One Of The Mindful At Work Challenge!. Spend 10 minutes practicing mindfulness using this guided meditation practice from Finding The Space To Lead. Find a relatively
Patience vs. Patients. The rush to medicalize social conditions is one of my pet peeves as a public health professional.  Why did this column, which started with the recognition that sleep deprivation was a recent social phenomenon, end with a clarion call to the pharmaceutical industry to solve the problem?
A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Zendo. Brains create stories to explain and to try to escape suffering, and it is the ubiquitous nature of suffering that brains are always spinning stories.
'Stop Stuffing Your Face and Sit Down!' Compulsive Overeating and ADHD, 6 Tips for Parents. Keep the gates of communication open and enlist your child's help in fighting the temptation to overeat. With a can-do attitude, the two of you can win the battle, every time.
Naturopathic Oncology. I love my conventional medical team and have perfect faith in their ability to help me through surgery, chemotherapy and, if I need it, radiation therapy. I also feel deeply supported and confident about the naturopathic doctors by my side, to see me through this challenging time.
The Power of Vulnerability. Don't let fear stop you when it comes to being raw and real with others. To fully feel the love and connection we all yearn for, vulnerability is required. Vulnerability connects us. It is a great gift we give to another person when we let them see behind any masks or walls of emotional protection.
50 Years of American Heart Month. The number of people living with cardiovascular diseases has surged since LBJ's day, from around 10 million to nearly 84 million. This shows what a great job we are doing in treating these problems, and illustrates how much more work is needed to prevent them.
Tales From a Dysfunctional Heart. There are so many integral moments that transpired between retreating to the locker room and being on that ER bed behind a closed curtain with people frantically trying to save my life.  I think back on that night all the time.
When 'Beasts' Are Out of Their Cages. Envy of another's accomplishments or attractiveness and jealousy involving sought after love are natural instincts. Those
Chronic Disease, Empathy and Surly Traffic Cops. Don Ruiz is a wise man, but he missed something important about people. They say and do things not only because of the \dreams
First World Problems. Before going one step further here, I'd like to ask you to keep in mind the Ship of Theseus theory as you read. The Ship
This Will Make You Never, Ever Want To Put A Lemon Wedge In Your Water Again. But before you freak out, here's some perspective
Light Exercise Can Benefit Health (Even When You Don't Work Up A Sweat). Follow Rachael Rettner @RachaelRettner. Follow LiveScience@livescience, Facebook & Google+. Original Article on LiveScience
How Oxytocin Boosts Our Empathy And Morality (VIDEO). Is there a master switch for changing human behavior? Something that boosts our empathy and morality and makes us less likely
How to Really Stand Up (Straight). Your full stature is you as full and expanded as you can be. This is not a rigid or puffed-up stance, but your body will feel slightly expanded and toned. Full stature often includes a feeling of self-confidence because you are aware and engaging your whole sense of self.
Dare to Be 100. How much human potential is lost by dying too soon? If Mozart were alive today he would not die so prematurely, but hopefully have decades of future glories left in his pen.
The Moon Hears My Confession. When I remember that I'm one small part in a very complex and numinous Whole, I may feel frustrated but I feel engaged in an ongoing process of aliveness that keeps demanding my cooperation.
The Key to a Better Day? Stop Setting Yourself Up for a Miserable One. Knowing your truths is the first step. Accepting them means a guaranteed better day. Figuring out how you'll manage them is how you make your life better and more successful in the long run.
'Help! He's More Into Sports Than He's Into Me'. Differences in hobbies/interests can wreak havoc on a relationship. In fact, it is one of the top 10 reasons couples see me for counseling. So often I hear complaints such as
Your Cancer Is Not My Cancer. The truth is that every single person's cancer is different -- even those diagnosed as the same type and stage -- because that cancer exists in a unique human body unlike no other, with a unique life history and genealogy.
Breaching Our Inner Sanctum. Where does that shame come from, and what can we do about it? Great questions, and I'll deal with them in a later article
A Walk Through Muir Woods. I can't tell you what it will whisper to you. I can only tell you that it's a joy to listen. I arrived at the park early
Menthal App Could Help You Realize How Addicted You Are To Your Smartphone. - Students in the study activated their phones at least 80 times a day, every 12 minutes, on average, with some even activating
Creativity. If you wish to change your personality or write the next Harry Potter series, think of the creativity involved to do so. Enhancing your creativity is not only essential for unmasking your hidden talents, but it's also pure simple fun!
Digital Device Use Leads To Eye Strain, Even In Kids. One day after Sarah Hinkley had been working on her computer for about five hours, she noticed her eyes started to burn and
Charisma 101. Indeed, some people are so magnetic that we feel a gravitational pull towards them. We describe this quality as \charisma\ and most people think of it as something you are either born with or not. In fact, charisma is a skill that can be learned.
Lifehacks For 5 Personal Habits That You're Probably Doing Wrong. It's a strange thing about being and adult \u2014 you think you've got the basic stuff figured out, but then one day you realize
7 Tips to Sleep Better Without Medication. A lack of sleep is a bigger problem of course than just being tired. People with insomnia are four times as likely to suffer from depression and are at greater risk of heart disease, obesity and diabetes. It causes more time lost at work and lowers enjoyment overall.
When Self-Improvement Gets Boring, Try These 6 Motivational Strategies. Too often, when it comes to changing profound aspects of our attitudes, behavior, and character, we can get bored, uninspired, and discouraged after a while. We can't really tell sometimes if our efforts are 'paying off.'
Visual Workout. The Five-Minute Plank uses relative inactivity to challenge the abdominal muscles and strengthen them. In five minutes you get to exercise as many parts as possible of the muscle wall. The result
Stop Trying to Talk Yourself Into What You Don't Want. If you need to make a change, stop trying to talk yourself into what you really don't want. You can be grateful for what you have and want to change. Whether it's your career, your relationship, or your business, you will never be satisfied if you are being dishonest about what you really want.
37 Life Lessons in 37 Years. We spend way too much of our lives looking for outside validation and approval that eludes us. Turns out, it's been an inside job all along.  Go inward.
U.S. Women Last In Life Expectancy Among Wealthy Countries, Thanks To Growing Inequality. As Obamacare registrations pass 3 million, many public health officials hope that the roles of poor health education and
Exercise Helps Cancer Survivors Live Longer. (For comparison, a 176-pound man will burn 4,200 calories a week by walking at a brisk pace for a half hour a day, five days
4 Breakfast Foods To Avoid (VIDEO). Here at Healthy Living, we're big fans of breakfast. After all, a well-balanced morning meal can improve cholesterol levels
A Joyful Life Supports Good Health. Being joyful is about inspiration, passion and motivation. It is about setting goals and taking time out to do the things you really enjoy doing. When you are joyful, your whole body benefits, especially your heart and your mind.
From Yoga Dropout to Competitive Powerlifter and Boxer in One Year. One of the most amazing transformations for me has been the change in my courage. I am not afraid of people looking at my body, nor of what the scale says, nor -- most importantly -- of trying new things. For the first time in my life I feel like I'll try anything at least once.
Sitting Tall. But just because most of us spend our careers sitting, that doesn't mean we have to sit back or sit out from the full reach of our abilities. So, let go of your ego. Expose those vital organs. It's good to lean in. But we can also sit tall.
Don't Just Sleep, Sleep Well. Naturally, strong undercurrents of dedication, love or even just boredom may draw us into unhealthy patterns. The trick is that we not let the occasional late-night movie turn into a home theater in the bedroom. At end of the day, we do not need to just sleep -- we need to sleep well.
7 Things Only Gluten-Free People Understand. 6. How good you feel without it!! --@FayeWoodhead 5. Gluten is hidden in soy sauce, beer, some mocha powders in coffee shops
The Ab Workout You'll Stick To All Year Long. It's a new year, and it's time to reconnect to your strong center. Pilates is a great way to strengthen your core. Below
Goldie Hawn. With a successful acting career and numerous accolades under her belt, what's next for Goldie Hawn? \There's so much left
The High Cost Of Multitasking (INFOGRAPHIC). But our anxiety and efficiency aren't the only things that suffer when it comes to multitasking -- according to 2013 estimates
Telling Only The Partial Truth Linked With Feelings Of Guilt And Shame. OK, just come clean already
The Challenge of Equality. Recently, the United States celebrated the birth and legacy of one of the most notable leaders in the history of human rights
Concerned For Her Health, Marcy Miyar Resolved To Lose Weight And Shed 77 Pounds. Because of our busy schedules, we were eating out all the time. Add to that the stress of moving in together, buying our
Pill Thrill. Will our increasing cultural reliance on pills and external solutions to our problems render us Sexual Stepford wives, drugged up to provide services on command? Although most women I interviewed had no interest in taking a sex drug, a small few would do anything to feel desire again.
Passion, Passion and Passion. My mom had a friend Lucy who worked in at the Odessa State Environmental University. This is in Ukraine, where I am originally
Is Your Life Plagued by Loneliness?  Tips to Overcome It. Life is too short to waste on suffering from core loneliness.  Please heed to my suggestion
Luis. I'm in the medical supply store looking for a roll-in shower wheelchair for my sister Patti. \Can I help you?\ asks this
Home Health Care. If you are caring for someone with little or no family or who is reluctant to reach out, a probing conversation might help you discover ways to build or rebuild social connections. Here are some ways to begin.
So She Says, 'OMG, My Life Is Falling Apart!'. We can get caught up in the \why upset the apple cart\ type of thought patterns and convince ourselves that it's okay to stay within the limitations of our current experience of \success.\ Playing it safe has its downside; it keeps us smaller than we are meant to be.
Boston Named the Healthiest City in America. Follow NerdWallet on Twitter
Positive Thinking Can Help Get You Back on the Right Track. Total Calorie Intake Matters -- The question I get most from my clients is \How many calories should I be eating each day
It May Be Possible To Smell Immune Response To Sickness. Then, 40 separate study participants were asked to sniff the sweaty shirts of the people who received the toxin or saline
Jennifer Hudson's Weight Loss Secrets. \Often as a new mom, people can feel overwhelmed and they can feel alone,\ said Karen Miller-Kovach, chief scientific officer
Fit Links. And if haute couture sneaks aren't your thing, POPSUGAR Fitness rounded up a whole bunch of workout basics -- all for less
Postcards From Lebanon. \The trip begins with a kiss...\ (Roam, lyrics by Kate Pierson, Fred Schneider, Keith Strickland) Ride the arrow to the target
Box Tops Help Big Food's Bottom Line. The educational environment should not serve as a blank canvas for food industry advertisers. While Box Tops for Education may appear to be a philanthropic effort, it is yet another example of industry's incessant and predatory -- and worse, school-sanctioned -- marketing to children.
Be Kind to Yourself. While I understand the importance and value of being kind toward myself, it isn't always easy to practice.\u00a0 However, when we are kind to ourselves, it has a positive impact on every aspect of our lives and on everyone around us.
Smartphone Use At Night Hurts Sleep And Workplace Productivity. Researchers also ensured that reverse causality was not at play -- in other words, that having less engagement at work then
What You Need to Know About Coronary Artery Disease. It should go without saying that cardiovascular disease is a very serious issue; however, many people are simply unaware of what exactly heart disease is and how to recognize the signs.
How to Overcome Social Comparison. Remember, the universe is abundant and wants you to have all that you want.  You block the flow of opportunity, creation and miracles when we focus on other people and resent their accomplishments. Use your energy to think of ways to become your best and highest self.
7 Things Not To Do When You're Sleep Deprived. Grab An Energy Drink Yes, you're tired, but a brisk walk, a quick workout or a nap, if you can swing it, is a much wiser
Inner Balance. Throughout your life, everything outer arises from something inner. Then, there comes to be a dynamic interplay between the outer and the inner, each informing and shaping the other. But the inner always, and in some form, comes first. And, from this truth, something surprising follows.
Living Wholeheartedly. I live my life as authentically (and honestly) as possible; however, it is not always easy. Being an immigrant, there are always expectations of keeping one foot in each culture. There's the culture of your origin and the culture of your new home.
Why You Should Get 'Hip' to Yoga Injuries. Those who practice yoga need to realize that our differing anatomies mean every yoga position is not for every person. Injuries may be reduced considerably if both instructors and students are more patient in pushing the body's physical limits.
Color Coding Your Life. The colorful calendar is my guide to setting limits. No, I can't do that task because I already have too much yellow or orange on the calendar. It forces me to block off time for myself, my friendships and my family. If the section is blocked off with mint green (my time), I simply can't put something orange or purple there.
The Ultimate Music Playlist, According to Science. And best of all, we showcased emerging artists. Exactly. (P.S. I love that Spotify took this on. Well played. Now that Beats
Why Starting a Detox Program Should Be a Top Health Priority for 2014 -- Part I. There is a corresponding body of evidence that shows a proper detox program -- one that reduces the input of toxins and helps the body more efficiently eliminate toxins with a nutrient-dense, anti-inflammatory lifestyle -- can significantly reduce the negative impact of environmental stressors.
How to Improve at Anything. Meditate for 12 minutes a day. Then, take a nap each day or get a little more sleep at night. And finally, reward yourself with little treats to stay more attentive and clear. Your brain is happy when it knows good things are happening.
The Daily Habit That Helps This Bank Leader Be Calmer, Kinder And More Patient (VIDEO). On Friday, World Bank President Jim Yong Kim praised the benefits of meditation and how it can help top executives around
Is Sugar The New Cigarettes? A New Sundance Film Thinks So. Sixty years ago, Fred Flintstone hawked Winston cigarettes. Today, he pitches cereal. And both can kill. Stephanie Soechtig's
You Are Not Alone. When we actively work to connect and engage with others, we create a sense of belonging for everyone. That is the seed of meaning, peace, and resilience. And you know what? It just makes life more fun.
5 Reasons Why Receiving Is Harder Than Giving. We may be uncomfortable receiving if it came with strings attached when growing up. We may have received compliments only when we accomplished something, like winning at sports or achieving good grades. If we sensed that we weren't being accepted for who we are but rather for our achievements and accomplishments, we may not feel safe to receive.
Vaccines Could Have Stopped These Outbreaks (MAP). Created by the Council on Foreign Relations, the graphic shows all of the world's outbreaks from 2006 to today that could
These Road Signs Will Give You The Direction You Need To Keep Going (PHOTOS). The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Vulvodynia More Common Among Hispanic Women, Study Finds. The study, published in the journal Obstetrics and Gynecology, examined the prevalence of the condition, which causes vulvar
Solving the Problem of Grief. We need to develop some skillful means both to witness grief, and to live in grief. We need to learn how to support rather than to solve. We need to practice being in there with grief, rather than getting out of it. And we need to hear the distinction between the two.
What You Don't Know About Your Doctor's Eating Habits, Vacation Time And More. Do you know how often your doctor goes out to eat? Or spends time exercising each week? Or uses complementary or alternative
Men Behaving Badly. Find out when Saturn transits your 8th House. It will be an important time when you'll re-examine your personal transformation
Tobacco Companies Appeal Wording Of Court-Ordered Ads Admitting Deception. By David Ingram The case is USA v. Philip Morris USA, et al, U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, No. 99-cv
The Healing Nature of Sleep. Sensible drivers keep a safe stopping distance. We should think of sleep the same way
Man Develops Star-Shaped Cataracts After Electrical Burn (PHOTO). Four weeks after the accident, Korn evaluated the patient, who was experiencing vision problems. An examination showed the
Actress Goldie Hawn Leads Global Leaders In Meditation At The 2014 World Economic Forum. Hawn's mindfulness panel is one of 25 sessions at the Davos conference that will focus on well-being, mental health and the
What People Are Saying On Twitter About Health At Davos. [View the story \Conversations about health at #Davos #WEF14\ on Storify]
From The Midwest To Davos, Richard Davidson Is Starting Conversations On Mindfulness, Happiness, And The Power Of Giving. Are we in the throes of a \zeitgeist\ moment, when world leaders and CEOs embrace the role that mindfulness plays in cultivating
Global Leaders At Davos. Meditation is one remedy to both chronic and acute stress discussed by leaders at Davos. Using technology to train the brain
TIME Magazine's Latest Issue Dives Into The Benefits Of Mindfulness (VIDEO). Jones went on to say that while mindfulness is built on the premise of meditation, there's also a way to weave the practice
Surviving Cancer in Russia. Doing things uniquely Russian way takes many forms
Author Greg McKeown On The Joy Of Missing Out. \After a few days, there was some meeting fatigue setting in,\ he said during a recent appearance on HuffPost Live in Davos
Why Speaking Your Truth Isn't Enough. Truth has already become a powerful word for me this year. I find myself pushing my comfort level and speaking my truth in spaces I normally wouldn't, at a depth I could never have imagined several years ago. It's been phenomenal.
January Baby, Counting My Presents (Not to Be Confused With Gifts). But this last, this first bona fide Christmas tree in five years, I named Charlie Brown, for the obvious reason. More bush
How to Recover From a Broken Heart. When that love is not reciprocated or sustained, it can be devastatingly sad, like a death.\u00a0Like a flower that yearns for the sun until it blossoms completely, until every last petal drops, heartbreak leaves you feeling turned inside out.
Pope Francis and People with Mental Disorders. Francis' message is clear
Mindfulness in Everyday Life. In order to lead a more enlightened life, it is important, first of all, to understand how the human mind works. We are often unknowing prisoners of our minds, swept away by whatever thought we may be having at the time. We give our thoughts too much power.
Why Intentions Are More Fun Than Resolutions. Even if you occasionally, or even regularly, overeat, you're not falling off the wagon; you're just not honoring your intention
How Steve Jobs Saved The Day For This Bestselling Author. Dr. David Agus, M.D., author and co-founder of Navigenics, may have never made it to the New York Times' bestseller list
Truck Driving, Cleaning Services Top List Of Most Obese Jobs. \BMI measures cannot distinguish between fat and lean tissue mass; workers with physically demanding jobs may be more physically
Can Obesity and Malnutrition Co-Exist? The Propagation of Fast Food in Developing Countries. Fast food companies are rapidly expanding from the Western world because of what they call \saturated markets.\ I'd say what they are really up against are \educated markets,\ and it's paramount that our educated awareness spread globally.
The Third Metric. While the Third Metric is about well-being, balance and happiness, it is not an end goal. It is an ongoing process. You can't collect and deposit it, and then make withdrawals when you need it.
Key to Success? Embrace Failure. What makes the difference between someone who fails and loses his or her way and someone who fails and goes on to become a millionaire or billionaire? It's easy
Can Group Visits Save Preventative Medicine?. Dr. Charlap's experiment in Florida may have failed, but if we can learn from his mistakes and adapt to and innovate within the medical system we have now, it seems like a sustainable model for preventative medicine might close at hand.
An Open Letter to Future Me. I am showing up for all of my assignments. I am choosing to be happy. And I am choosing to love openly and honestly. Future self I am going to take big risks because I know that you know that I, that WE, need me to. I am not going to settle EVER AGAIN.
10 Ways to Invest in Yourself. If you feel you deserve more self-care, put into practice the following 10 ways to invest in your own welfare and watch your inherent strength resurface:
5 Common Diet Mistakes to Avoid. It's the new year, and we are still in January, so I know many of you are continuing to work towards your resolutions.  I'd like to help you get off on the right foot by telling you about five common diet mistakes that can be a huge barrier to weight loss and should thus be avoided.
How to Stop Procrastinating. How will your life, your career, your relationships suffer as a result of inaction? Remind yourself that it's not just about how hard this or that task is -- it's about putting real effort into a thing you care about. And I promise you, there's no better reward than that.
Disrupted Sleep Schedule Affects Genes' Circadian Rhythms, Study Finds. The study, published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, involved toying with the sleep-wake
Texting Messes With The Way You Walk, Study Finds. Do your body (and everyone else around you) a favor and don't text and walk. A small new study shows that texting while walking
The Seizure of Our Dis(content). Maybe these seizures aren't a disorder as much as they magnify the disorder of humanity and the disorder many of us have
8 Sweet Snow Messages That Will Warm Your Heart. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
20 Life-Changing Questions to Ask Yourself in 2014. For many of us, it seems easy to fall into the torment trap, when sadness strikes; it can snowball into more negative thoughts. These thought patterns can consume us which can keep us feeling unhappy. But it is possible to turn your mood around.
Eat Slowly to Eat Less (And 7 Tips How to). Is this just my subjective feeling, or is there solid evidence to back the common weight-control advice to take your time with your meal?
What Happens To Your Body After Just One Workout. But exercise also happens to be one of those cases where something is most certainly better than nothing. While we can only
Eat Fat for a Healthier and Slimmer You. In this day and age, where processed and convenience food is the go-to for many busy people and families, critical nutrition is being kicked to the curb. One of these nutrients, a macronutrient, is fat.
Did You Make a Super-Sized New Year's Resolution? Don't Ditch It; Downsize It. We won't go to go to the gym every day. Know why? Because we have a life -- and nothing is ever as straightforward as we'd like it to be. Kids get sick. Work gets nutty. Sneakers get forgotten. The key is to not let these temporary distractions derail us completely.
Full Disclosure. Full disclosure is about being transparent and honest with each other out of the intention of promoting deeper trust, respect, and integrity in the relationship.
After Losing 83 Pounds, Kristin Griffin Is Training For A Figure Competition. Breaking Point
Chemistry and Attraction. We all are unconsciously attracted to what is familiar -- until we choose something different. When dating, you want to make
Galaxy of Gratitude. What's the Sun in your galaxy? Do you think you are or contribute to someone else's? In 2014, make a commitment to yourself
Going To Therapy For The First Time? Here's What To Expect. What can I expect in my first session, and how can I make the most of it? A default first session of therapy will be just
Feel A Little Guilty After That Doctor's Visit? You're Not Alone. Half of people feel some level of shame or guilt after visiting the doctor, according to a new study. Women also seemed to
Bullying In P.E. Might Make Kids Less Likely To Exercise. Getting picked on in P.E. class could make kids less likely to exercise a year later, even when the victims of the bullying
Earning vs. Happiness. Happiness is not earned, it's a choice every step of the way towards whatever life goals you have set. Delight in your journey.
Bedtime Wind-Down. Rather than convincing yourself that you're a bad sleeper, take a look and implement some of these suggestions.
Declining Care From Physicians-in-Training. If all patients had the same resolution to bypass care from physicians-in-training, how are newly-minted doctors able to sufficiently train in clinical medicine?
Is Your Story Holding You Back?. To dig beyond the past and move into the stillness of our soul to that part of us that is whole and complete and always has been is what I believe we are all meant to experience.
The Ultimate Office Workout Will Make You The Envy Of All Your Co-Workers (VIDEO). Here at HuffPost we've incorporated a few of Hamblin's recommendations ourselves, including the standing desk, bicycle desk
Could Taking Anti-Fever Medication Actually Increase Spread Of Flu?. It sounds counterintuitive, but taking medicines that lower fever could actually have the potential to spread the flu. The
Marijuana Vs. Alcohol. How 8 Common Medications Interact with Alcohol 11 Interesting Facts About Hangovers 10 Easy Paths to Self Destruction Copyright
The Health Hazards Of Sitting. We know sitting too much is bad, and most of us intuitively feel a little guilty after a long TV binge. But what exactly
Discovery of 'De Novo' Gene Mutations Help Scientists Better Understand Schizophrenia. \It suggests that many genes underlie risk for schizophrenia and so any two patients are unlikely to share the same profile
Men More Forgetful Than Women, Study Finds. So to analyze subjective memory impairment, researchers asked 37,405 study participants ages 30 and older nine questions
More Than 24,000 Kids Go To The Hospital For Shopping Cart-Related Injuries Every Year. \The findings from our study show that the current voluntary standards for shopping cart safety are not adequate,\ study
We Are All West Virginians. It is essential to diagnose TILT in susceptible individuals who experience long-lasting and diverse symptoms, including memory and concentration problems, fatigue, headaches, weakness and mood changes such as extreme irritability and depression. These patients often report gastrointestinal, respiratory and skin problems, and some even develop depression, addiction or violent behavior.
Heart Attacks May Be Deadlier On Nights And Weekends. \Our research suggests that patients with acute myocardial infarction admitted during off-hours have worse outcomes after
Warning. If you want your children to live in a healthy and fit country, it's time for you and your teens to become healthy and fit, emotionally, mentally, physically and spiritually. Be the change you want to see in the world.
Come to Center. How? To what is your mind given? The Practice
Living Out of the Boxes. Finding grooming essentials and preparing food were challenging. Locating something to wear proved easier. In the next weeks
Smoking Gun. As Phillip Morris said in their Virginia Slims ad, attempting to attract female smokers by tapping into the women's liberation movement, \You've come a long way, baby.\ But the truth is tobacco remains a formidable problem, baby.
Bye-Bye Retirement, Hello Life!. What if there is no retirement? What if we don't wait until 65 to enjoy life and connect with our passions? What if the so called \Act 2\ when retirees find their dream jobs doing what they love to do actually happens now when we are in our 20s, 30s and 40s?
Do You Have to Be Unhappy Now If You Want to Be Successful Later?. It's only the people who embrace their work as a craft and fall in love with the boredom of doing it day in and day out that stay driven over the long-term.
9 Views From Above To Lift You Away From It All (PHOTOS). The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Exposure To Mild Cold Could Aid Weight Loss, Study Suggests. \Similarly to exercise training, we advocate temperature training,\ the researchers said. \More-frequent cold exposure alone
Some Emotions, Such As Love, Can Affect Taste. By Stephanie Pappas, Senior Writer Published
It's Possible To Smell The Fat In Food. Plus, researchers found that the ability to identify the differences in fat levels did not differ based on body mass index
The Success Secrets Behind Fortune's Five Best Companies To Work For In 2014. Edward Jones Investments, the fourth-largest financial services firm in the U.S. with more than 11,000 branch offices, boasts
Tone From Head To Toe In Just 5 Moves. You will need
How The Most Powerful People In The World Define Healthy Living. These leaders will also be focusing on their own health this week, using fitness trackers and being encouraged to make healthy
Muhammad Yunus. \Money is not the success,\ Yunus said. \Today the entire idea of success is translated into the volume of money you make
Mourning a Monster. When I was molested, a part of my childhood died. Discovering Bill was still molesting boys gave me strength to face him again as an adult. But grieving him? No way.
45 Days Until 45. With my new found strength, I'm also reminded that there's no point to try to outrun this birthday (at least, not in these
Save Over 1,000 Calories With These 5 Simple Portion Swaps. While what you eat matters (choosing grilled instead of fried chicken, for example), how much you eat (how large your portion is), matters more than many of us realize.
Find More Love! Everyday Tips for More Confidence. Unfortunately, the confidence factor impacts our level of happiness and ability to move beyond our limitations. If we don't
3 Essential Apps for Your Health. Since we're ditching New Year's resolutions in favor of awesome intentions, I asked Amber for three apps that could fuel
When It Is Time to Reinvent Ourselves. Reinventing ourselves is absorbing life's heart essence. It is heart essence which frees our awareness from disappointment, giving real freedom. It is our source of  inspiration. The presence within us is giving the true joy which makes life worth living.
The Perception of Truth. Perception is not truth -- and sometimes it is a lie.  It is false to facts.  If we are to become awake, it is incumbent upon us to seek the truth.
Conflict. If the other person never opens to caring conflict resolution, then you need to decide for yourself how to take loving care of yourself in the face of the unresolved conflict. This means accepting your helplessness over the other person and doing your own inner learning to discover what would be in your highest good.
Is The Teen Brain More Vulnerable To Addiction?. DS
Is The Teen Brain More Vulnerable To Addiction?. TF
5 Core-Strengthening Moves For Yoga-Ready Abs. Anyone who's ever taken a yoga class knows it's not as easy as it looks. Sure, stretching and standing around in Lululemon
Midway in Our Journey. Part of everyone's journey in life is to arrive at precipice or fork in the road or at the end of a path and to realize we no longer know our way. Hard as this is, this is where the inner journey begins, when all we've carried has served its purpose and now we must burn it for warmth and to see what's next.
Living in the Raw. BG
7 Reasons Most People Are Afraid of Love. No matter what the timeline, the story of lost love is one most of us can tell. This leaves the question \why do relationships fail?\ to linger heavily in the back of our minds. The answer for many of us can be found within. Whether we know it or not, most of us are afraid of really being in love.
Driving 'Buzzed'. The study, published in the journal Injury Prevention, is based on data from the U.S. Fatality Analysis Reporting System
Don't Sweat It -- My Lifelong Love/Hate Relationship with Exercise. After swimming I'll spend a few minutes in the hot-tub, then have a little schvitz.  In the sauna the steam hisses and envelops me. My body feels well-worked as my mind and muscles relax. While I may not be the strongest, the fastest or the \most fit\ person at the gym, at this point I just don't sweat it.
These Sweet Coffee Cup Messages Will Bring A Smile To Your Day. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Smithereens. Restructuring has also occurred in relationships that date back as much as three decades. It's not that people have changed
What's in a Day?. By asking these questions, I'm pushed to put dreams and hopes into my daily routine, and I'm motivated to make sure that passivity is non-existent to anything I'm doing today. There are a few rules that I follow to ensure that this daily practice is executed as best as possible.
Can You Touch Your Thoughts?. This is not a way we are accustomed to thinking, but being able to distinguish that the thoughts you are having are simply thoughts, and not real, can work wonders for your mood!
Narcissists May Be More Likely To Be Leaders (But Not Necessarily Good Ones). Indeed, a 2012 study Harms authored in the Journal of Applied Social Psychology showed that narcissists make better first
How I Gave Up Facebook and Got a Life. Three months ago, I decided to take a permanent FaceBreak. While I acknowledge Facebook has beneficial qualities -- the ability to share photos and stay in touch with friends and family who live far away, or receive status and event updates from groups and organizations -- it does have a dark side.
Increased Exercise Doesn't Seem To Boost Calorie Intake After All. \It is commonly believed that individuals increase energy intake in response to physical activity or exercise training,\ the
What We Know About Living Longer, Better And Happier. \Americans live shorter lives and experience more injuries and illnesses than people in other high-income countries,\ wrote
New Year, New You. A new you calls for a new approach. Releasing and discarding things and thoughts that no longer serve you will free you to be more productive, creative and happy.
For the Love of My Sister. Laurie and I did goof around together, but I was so miserable that it wasn't really much fun. She returned to school long
Blood Test Could Help Identify Pancreatic Cancer Early. Pancreatic cancer could be identified in its early stages with a test that looks for genetic material in the blood, according
Intestinal Damage From Celiac Could Raise Hip Fracture Risk. \We believe that giving the mucous membrane -- the moist tissue lining the small intestine -- a chance to heal can lower
Facing the Great Unknown. At some point we learn that we are indeed mortal. Deny it as we might, death comes for everyone. Instead of being frightened
Later School Start Times Improve Teens' Sleep And Mood. The study, published in the Journal of Developmental & Behavioral Pediatrics, shows that when the school start time was moved
Hindsight, Now Sight and Foresight. I now know if I want to get there that I have to do the things that keep me on course, and I can't do the things that take me off course.  Life is expanding.  My vision is expanding.  I know how to get there -- one step at a time.
Having a Conversation About Having a Conversation. Old habits don't die easily, but they do eventually dissolve, although the process usually takes longer and requires more practice than we think it should. Along the way, however, we get to cultivate other necessary qualities and strengths that serve us greatly, not only in our relationships, but in all areas of our lives.
Afraid She Wouldn't See Her 40th Birthday, Eve Parker Lost 150 Pounds. Got a success story of your own? Send it to us at success.stories@huffingtonpost.com and you could be featured in our I Lost
Higher Melatonin Levels Associated With Lower Prostate Cancer Risk. Previous experimental studies have shown that melatonin has anti-carcinogenic properties, with the ability to reduce cancer
Is This Why Exercise Is So Good For Prostate Cancer Patients?. A new study could help explain why exercise seems to be a boon for men with prostate cancer. For the new study, presented
Jillian Michaels. Dr. Michele Olson, of the American College of Sports Medicine, agrees with the 10 percent rule as a general means of adjusting
David Guetta Shares His Biggest Life Lesson And What Makes Him Vulnerable In ORIGIN Magazine. ORIGIN is the conscious culture national print magazine bringing together art, yoga, music, humanitarianism, and sustainability
The 3 Biggest Risk Factors In Childhood Obesity Are Also Changeable, Study Finds. In that same vein, another new study in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition suggests that dietary patterns fostered
Health And Wellness Will Be A Central Focus At Davos 2014. Arianna Huffington and Mika Brzezinski are taking The Third Metric on a 3-city tour
H7N9 Bird Flu Infects Another 23 People In China. With many people travelling within the country for upcoming Chinese New Year celebrations on Jan. 31, the United Nations
Patient Safety Takes a Back Seat, Once Again. Lack of patient safety knowledge isn't the problem. Yet rarely do our laws focus on implementing what we already know. For
Could Letting Go Be the Secret to Happiness in 2014?. Like compassion, forgiveness is also an act of letting go. For what is forgiveness if not letting go of the hold of anger which imprisons our hearts? Only by letting go of our emotional albatross and embracing compassion and forgiveness can we begin to heal ourselves.
WATCH. Until next time, feel free to tap along with any of the many videos I have on YouTube or the many recordings I have at www.TapToFeelGood.com
14 Signs You're Really Happy (And How To Stay That Way). Rejoicing with others creates an opportunity to multiply the good times you get to celebrate. By seizing every chance to
Martin Luther King Jr. Words of Wisdom. On the celebration of his birthday this year, when he would have been 85, it is good to remember 12 remarkable declarations from his speeches that give psychologically inspiring and meaningful advice for life.
41 and Now What?. Yes, I am 41 and... now what? What do I really want to do this year? What can I let go of? What should I do more of? These
How To Fall Asleep When It's 4 a.m. And You're Wide Awake. So if you're unable to sleep for about a 15- or 20-minute stretch, slip into your bunny slippers and out of the room. Try
Can You Change Other People?. The answer there is more complicated. People are also strongly driven by their environment. We generally do things that are
Ask Healthy Living. In his 1999 study, Born and his fellow researchers found that one particular hormone, adrenocorticotropin or ACTH, was found
Don't Be Paralyzed by Fear!. Fear has very real effects on the body, and these effects are meant to protect us from danger. In day to day life, a small amount of fear or insecurity can be beneficial, in that it keeps you on your toes and motivated.
Too Much Sitting Raises Early Death Risk For Women. Older women who spend the most time sitting and resting have a higher risk of dying early, according to a new study. The
Nobody Says It, But This Is the Greatest Weightlifting Lesson I've Learned. You'll never walk into the gym and hear someone say, \You should do something easy today.\ But after 10 years of training, I think embracing slow and easy gains is one of the most important lessons I've learned.
10 Tips To Lighten Up And Laugh More. By Laura McMullen for U.S. News Some research indicates that the benefits of laughter go well beyond the ever-important fun
Editing Your Life's Stories Can Create Happier Endings. It was a rainy night in October when my nephew Lewis passed the Frankenstein statue standing in front of a toy store. The
Can You Catch Up On Sleep?. These days, it's common to be so busy during the week that you sleep less than the seven to eight hours recommended by sleep
H5N8 Bird Flu Confirmed In South Korea; Culling Of Birds Expanded. SEOUL, Jan 18 (Reuters) - South Korea confirmed the outbreak of highly pathogenic bird flu on Saturday and said it would
10 Things Only Vegetarians Understand. 10. The smell of BBQ can be drool-worthy and disgusting at the same time. --Kerry Cragin While fielding groan-worthy questions
7 Fat Loss Superfoods That Live Up to Their Hype. Some time-tested, research-proven foods do earn their permanent stay at the table. They aren't miracles, but as part of a healthy diet and combined with burst training and weight resistance, they can yield impressive gains (or losses, if you will).
Chinese Medicine Promising In Preventing Diabetes Among Those At-Risk. \Patients often struggle to make the necessary lifestyle changes to control blood sugar levels, and current medications have
Friends Nancy And Sara Lost Nearly 400 Pounds Together. How We Gained It
If You Have a Busy Mind and Can't Meditate, Try This. Over time, I noticed that when I turned my focus to my immediate sensations, my mind stopped worrying about the past or future, and I felt really present in the moment. The mind chatter went on hold when I deliberately approached with my sensory awareness practice with curiosity and wonder.
God Whispered. Why me, why now, I thought. Why is life so hard? That's when God whispered something in my head. I want to share it with
How to Stop Nagging Yourself and Others. We all follow subconscious rules anyway and suffer real consequences based on the choices we make. What if we designed these vs. semi-blindly following what we \naturally\ would do when it so rarely makes us really proud?
Michael Pollan Pinpoints What's Wrong With The Paleo Diet. The paleo diet is hot. Those who follow it are attempting, they say, to mimic our ancient ancestors -- minus the animal-skin
New Year, Fresh Start. Each of these simple exercises can increase your presence and awareness, relax your mind and body, and build your confidence. Being in a more attentive, relaxed state gives you the calmness to change your habits of moving and thinking, which allows you to be present in each moment.
Self-Control Depletion May Actually Be Shifting Of Priorities, Study Suggests. The findings suggest that people who are feeling especially low on self-esteem should reframe the way they look at what they
Unexpected Results From an Unexpected Resolution. I usually don't go for New Year's resolutions, but I'm glad we did this one.  I want my voice to be heard loud and clear if there ever comes a time when my family has to make health care decisions on my behalf.
Cancer. I want to live more than I'm annoyed by the setbacks, more than I feel afraid. I've got something important to do, and I need to get better to do it. Maybe just by sharing what I'm going through I'm doing it. What other choice do I have?
Time for Autism Speaks to Zip It?. The young father continued to talk about about his boy in a tone I found both desperate and loving.\u00a0The boy was his firstborn
Doctor Without Borders. My decision to try medicine hadn't come quickly. In my typical OCD way, I had fretted about it for months
Let Your Worries Wash Away With These Calming Ocean Waves. For more GPS Guides, click here. GPS Guides are our way of showing you what has relieved others' stress in the hopes that
How To Do A Handstand. Remember to keep the eyes focused between the hands, try keeping the index fingers parallel, and, perhaps most importantly
Researchers Find New Genetic Clue To Lupus. In many autoimmune disorders antibodies run amok, targeting not invading microbes, but a person\u2019s organs. Cells known as
MLK Day. Involvement can come in so many ways, from giving money to giving time, from offering your expertise to rounding up friends to attend an event. The possibilities are limitless. So are the opportunities. Whatever you believe in, there's an organization out there that could use you.
Wave Of H7N9 Cases Shows Bird Flu Demands Constant Vigilance. China's health commission said experts had concluded that H7N9 transmission \is still from poultry to humans\. The H7N9 bird
QuantuMDx Device Could Put DNA Testing In Doctors' Hands. The sensor in the device is intended to detect, for example, if a person is infected by the malaria parasite, which species
CrossFit, Back Pain, and Severed Spine Injury. The point of course is not to avoid increases in risk at the detriment of our development; but rather, to understand the real risks that exist and try our best to mitigate them. There's not a lot we can do to avoid a freak accident, that's why it's called a \freak accident\ and not \terrible thing you should have expected.\
Preserving a Higher Duty. In our cheapened era of self-serving entertainers, corrupt politicians and dishonest CEOs, it is comforting to know that people with Chelsey Sullenberger's combination of courage, care and selflessness still exist.
How to Get Over Your Fear of Taking Action. Once you recognize the source of the fear, the solution is simple. Eliminate the three beliefs and decondition the conditioning
Why the Spiritual Path Is More Than a Consolation Prize. The long fingers of anxiety gripped me and shook me to my core. In many ways, it sucked. But overall, the experience offered me access to a new place deep within myself
People, People Who Need Cheerleaders. I didn't factor in cheerleading, though. The \racers\ who usually leave me in the dust were now passing me regularly in this
Be Excellent. Too often we define excellence as something that is unattainable until later in life. Excellence is something that has to be granted through hard work, blood, sweat, tears, and some smeared mascara. Excellence is obtained after years and years and years. And for the most part, that's a pretty good definition.
What I Discovered by Beginning a Mindfulness Practice. I can embrace myself and others with greater compassion, my life has much less conflict, I am less impulsive and less reactive,  my emotions feel more balanced, my thoughts are less intrusive, I sleep well, I am in excellent health, and I spend much more time savoring the richness of life.
Fit Links. Ready to fall in love with a new workout? Follow this handy flow-chart from Fit Bottomed Girls to find the new routine that's
Do We Need to Kill Our Heroes?. I am, of course, still a child of love and privilege. But I have at least this claim against naivet\u00e9
How We Heal. It's easy to forget that human frailties exist even in a place as wonderful as Florence, Italy. It's easy to think that loss
Some High School Sports Have Higher Shoulder Injury Risk, Study Finds. The researchers looked at the rate of shoulder injuries among the total number of \athletic exposures,\ defined as a single
Nutritional Anxieties. While the number of nutritional anxieties and fears that grip the public continue to increase, the nature of these anxieties has taken three distinct forms over the past century -- from the obsession with getting an adequate dose of essential nutrients, to the fear of too many bad nutrients, to anxieties over the scarcity of health-enhancing nutrients.
Quick, Easy, Healthy Meal-Planning Ideas. For instance, say you choose Sunday morning as your shopping day and time. Saturday afternoon, take just 15 minutes to sit
6 Ways to Find Happiness in 2014. I'm not saying forget about whatever it is that is bothering you. Those chapters in our lives shape us. What you can do though, is come at peace with these times. Accept them. Honor them. And move forward.
Rise of Machines in Surgery Lowers Costs, Improves Patient Outcomes. Robotic-assisted surgery is a game-changing technology in medicine, yet it is deeply misunderstood and often dismissed as just another expensive tool driving up the costs of surgery.  This could not be farther from the truth.
Experimental Gene Therapy Improves Sight Among Patients With Blindness Condition Choroideremia. He stressed that the therapy is still in the experimental stage, with more trials likely to take up to five years before
Building a Smoke-Free Life in Recovery. Even after 50 years, tobacco use continues to harm the health and threaten the lives of millions of Americans, killing more
Overweight Americans Who Pick Diet Drinks Eat More Food, Study Finds. In the meantime there are other ways to watch your weight, she said
The Liquid Tamiflu Shortage Is Over. The temporary shortage of the liquid form of the prescription flu drug Tamiflu, also known as Tamiflu Oral Suspension, has
The Biggest Loser's Jillian Michaels. The Biggest Loser trainer Jillian Michaels' body is so bangin', she must love hitting the gym -- right? Wrong. Read more
Fridge-Worthy Sayings That Remind Us We're Never Too Old To Play And Dream. When you were a kid, the refrigerator was your canvas. You'd match colors, create words and eventually form sentences. It
Notable Medical News of 2013. Keep in mind it wasn't easy to select just three notable medical stories from the past year, but I do believe this trio is one that will not only provide you with useful information, but will make you much more attractive to others and likely get you invited to many high class social events.
5 Ways to Fight Relationship Weight Gain. Spending time with my boyfriend is one of my absolute favorite things to do. However, I know from experience that a happy relationship potentially wrecks havoc on even the best weight-loss plans. The solution was to turn my relationship into an active romance. There are hundreds of ways to do this.
Using Drugs to Belong, Drinking to Manage Depression. Chiara sounds like so many young people who struggle with belonging, or who hide feelings of depression or anxiety. She used pot and alcohol to manage emotional pain that she didn't know what else to do with. Her parents care, and so do so many parents. But alcohol and drugs are out there.
The Difference an Hour Can Make. Remember that one of the most meaningful gifts we can give to others doesn't require fancy wrapping and a big red bow. This gift is simply called time.
My Dog Saved My Life. Yes, my best friend is sick -- but he's still here. I can still hold his paw and cuddle with him. It's these moments that really matter. And through this experience, I've learned a lot about what matters in life.
10 Superfoods That May Not Be All That Super. Chocolate, coffee, and red wine have been deemed \superfoods\ for the super effects they have on our health, but some benefits
10 Injured From Wart Removers Catching On Fire, FDA Reports. If freezing treatments are used, the dispensers should be handled away from any source of fire or heated objects, the FDA
Don't Say Shhh to Urine Incontinence -- It's Nothing to Sneeze At. Fortunately, there are treatments available for urinary incontinence, but first it had to be recognized as a treatable problem and talked about with a medical professional. There are several types of incontinence.
Finding Your Power. Whatever it is that wounds you over and over again... forgive. Forgive yourself and forgive all those involved. Forgiveness does not, of course, mean that you have to love or even like others who hurt you, but it does mean that you will not allow yourself to be held hostage any longer.
What Do People Want From Their Health Care? How My Book Tour Turned Into a 'Listening Tour'. Over 2,000 people shared with me their frustrations with doctors, insurance companies, hospitals, and the health care system. I listened and learned. Here are 10 themes that emerged.
Chicken From China? Why You Should Be Worried. Here's why we're so concerned. \u00a0China has an unusually\u00a0troubling record when it comes to food safety, as reported on by numerous media outlets.
Exercising Your Fears. Get out there and run and do it with gusto. The first time might be intimidating. The second time might feel slightly awkward. But before long you will see that your trepidation may have been unwarranted.
The 10 Most Walkable Cities. Walking to work (if you can swing it) is an easy way to add extra steps to your day, on your way to that coveted 10,000. But
U.S. Adults Are Consuming Fewer Calories. The findings of the report are based on data from 9,839 people who participated in the National Health and Nutrition Examination
Delicious and Healthy School Meals Around the U.S. (PHOTOS). Schools across the country have been working hard to implement updated nutrition guidelines for school meals. There are challenges, but schools' efforts are paying off. If you don't think school meals can be healthy and appealing, take a look at these school lunches.
How to Get Rid of Secrets? Tell Them. by guest blogger Cristina Negr\u00f3n It took my own mental illness to fully embrace the fact that mental illness is just that
I Am. As my own children enter the pipeline of high school and beyond, if I could teach them one solid lesson about the fray and frenzy of college and the quest for employment it would be this
The Mental Game. A mind that is not under control is a mind that makes mistakes. Mistakes that could lose a game. Extreme stress causes a wild mind. Stress is a helpful tool when used correctly; when not used correctly, stress can cause you to lose a lot of games.
2014 State Rankings Released For Support For Emergency Care. The national grade for disaster preparedness was a C- in 2014, which fell from the C+ grade in 2009. There have been decreases
The Case For Lifting Heavy (VIDEO). And the benefits are more than skin deep. Annie Tran turned to heavy lifting after a cycling accident left her with three
The Power of Creating Rituals After the Loss of a Loved One. No one can help you here, not even your mate. You must depend upon your own resource for, in reality, it is that resource that will bring you back to life. The essential self, given time, can reconnect and guide you back up out of the descent.
Precautions and Care Tips for Alzheimer's Patients During Cold Weather. While most people face certain weather-related challenges during the winter when going about their everyday lives, for those with Alzheimer's disease, the complications can be even more severe.
8 Tricks To Spend Less On The Perfect Salad. That's why we rounded up the healthiest, lightest options that'll keep your stomach full and your lunch at an appropriate
Promising Nursing Careers Beyond the Bedside. Federal and state governments are struggling to get health care right. Nurses can play a role by looking out for the people on the receiving end of new laws and policies.
After Losing Her Job And Relationship, Lorraine Lorio Shed 60 Pounds. Got a success story of your own? Send it to us at success.stories@huffingtonpost.com and you could be featured in our I Lost
Rewire Your Brain for Positive Thinking. Become conscious of the origin of your thinking; trust your \gut feel' and listen to your heart's wisdom. Then you will choose kind and positive thoughts!
Why Women Need to Prioritize Themselves More. Prioritizing sleep and exercise, eating well, and carving out down time aren't luxuries. It's time for women to embrace what the mental health field has known all along
Here's How Moving To The City Can Make You Calmer, Happier And More Connected. The city might be where your family goes Take for example the case of Frumma Rosenberg-Gottlieb, who ditched her farm in
Quick Breakfasts You Can Feel Good About. Let's face it
Back to Basics. If you like Shakeology then by all means carry on. However, maybe instead of another quick fix, super shake, cleanse or gimmick it's time to get back to basics.
The Value of Health Prevention and Management. For us, placing a dollar value on health care services requires a deeper look into the downstream effects of health prevention and management.
How We Use Social Networking, Part 3. FoMO can easily take on a life of its own and gradually dominate a person's life style. As daunting as it may be, working toward developing real-life attachments and close friends is ultimately likely to be a better cure for any insecurity that may be motivating you.
Why We Copy People Around Us Without Even Realizing It. Synchronizing isn't just for swimmers and ice skaters; you might be mimicking others without even realizing how or why. Read
Vorapaxar. The panel voted 10-1 in favor of the drug, which would, if approved, be sold under the brand name Zontivity. The FDA is not
5 Signs That You Could Be Happier. The happiest people see the same world and the same events in an entirely different light. Try to think about what you are grateful for when you are feeling upset. Regardless of what you have (and do not have), there are blessings in your life that you should appreciate.
Raging About Road Rage?. Ask yourself
The Spirit Is Willing. It is apparent that the universe knows what is going on in its entirety is aware of our most minute nuances of thoughts and
Wonder, Heroism, And The Fifth Anniversary Of The 'Miracle On The Hudson'. Social media can be a powerful connector. On this day five years ago, 155 lives were saved by the heroic actions of one man
Green Tea Could Lower Effects Of Blood Pressure Medicine Nadolol. The catechins in green tea have been reported to prevent cancer or cardiovascular disease, but they might interfere with
Netherlands Has The Most Plentiful, Healthy Food. The United Kingdom failed to make the top 10, tying for the 13th spot, because of the volatility of its food prices compared
FDA Asks Doctors To Limit Acetaminophen In Combination Drugs. The FDA also suggested that pharmacists who receive a prescription for a combination product with more than the recommended
5 Mistakes People Make at the Grocery Store. What do root canals, pelvic exams, filing taxes, car repairs, and grocery shopping have in common? Absolutely nothing, except they are all life activities I despise with the intensity of a thousand white-hot suns.
The 4 Fastest Ways to Get Happy. We cannot control what happens in our life, but we can control our reaction and perception of it. The power to control your happiness and live your full potential starts in your mind and it starts in this moment.
6 Homey Hideaways That Will Help You Find Some Peace (PHOTOS). The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
So What if Processed Foods Have Slightly Fewer Calories?. Weight loss and health improvements will only occur when people eliminate junk food and replace it with whole, satisfying and nutrient-dense foods, some of which may (gasp!) have slightly more calories than processed foods.
How to Get Over a Cold in Record Time. If you've got a cold or are scared you might catch one, here are a few ways that you can get over it in record time.
Finding Power in the Powerlessness of Illness. Chronic illness takes many things, but it teaches many things too. I have learned that life should be lived urgently, acceptance is vital to spiritual connection, and that I am more than my body. Power was found in the most unexpected place. Sometimes it takes a thief to show us just how resilient we are.
The Important Distinction Between Exercising and Training. Once you set up a plan that continually increases your strength and your endurance, and that also controls your diet, you're Training, and your goal is now being prepared for, not wished for.
The 3 Ways Martin Luther King Jr. Saved Your Soul. I would argue that in many ways, this is King's greatest legacy.  His courage to proceed in a mission that, by any rational calculation would have been doomed to fail, is a lesson for all of us to learn.  Without hope, without faith that there can be a better future, there will not be one.
A National Shortage of Velveeta? It's a Start. The short of it where Velveeta and I are concerned
Calling All Email Addicts. So I turned my phone to silent, and have never turned it back. My life was calmer, I had less disruptions and distractions in my day, and though I missed the little Samsung ring dance, my happiness index certainly increased.
The Life Out Loud. Furthermore, running Creatively Fit forced Whitney to address her own insecurities. \You can't own an art center and say
LungLeavin' Day. A sense of humor can help get you through the scariest of times; poking fun at something takes the fear away. Humor is the way that my husband Cameron and I handled one of the most terrifying and trying times in our lives.
Perceptions Of Pain Intensity Associated With Grey Matter In Brain. Researchers from Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center found that people with less grey matter in certain brain regions are
Relaxing Away Performance Anxiety Can Actually Backfire, Study Suggests. By Karen Hopkin (Click here for the original article and podcast) The same thing happened when participants read a note that
My Recipe for Inspiration. As adults, we quickly fall into routines that we think are unchangeable -- habits that may not be great, but seem to just be. But I realized that if I approached my job the way I approach my health, I wouldn't have a job. To be healthy and happy with my body, I have to put in effort and I have to make changes.
The Disturbing Side Effect Of Ambien, The No. 1 Prescription Sleep Aid. Ambien, a member of the class of medications known as hypnotics, was approved by the FDA in 1992. It was designed for short
Is Mindfulness Harmful?. The absence of mind wandering likely does not equal the presence of mindfulness, and that effortlessness may be a key aspect of cultivating the fertile soil for creativity to grow.
Belgian Clinic Repairs Bones Using Stem Cells From Fatty Tissue. Doctors have for years harvested stem cells from bone marrow at the top of the pelvis and injected them back into the body
If You Don't Like People Tweeting About Cancer, Don't Read It. If you haven't had Stage 4 cancer -- or any of a host of challenging and often frightening illnesses -- then give us all a break and find another topic. Start a different trend. Leave the rest of us to getting on with things the best way we know how. The Conversation
80,000 Alcohol-Caused Deaths In North And Latin America Each Year, Study Finds. For differences between sexes, researchers found that 84 percent of all the deaths were in men. Men had a 27.8 times higher
Life-Saving Skills Needed Earlier in Medical Education. Although EMT training may not make students instant stars in the emergency room, they are able to enrich their clinical experience by participating on the front lines of patient care.
New Innovation in the AYA Cancer Movement. While attending the first annual Society of Adolescent and Young Adult Oncology (SAYAO) conference, one thing became abundantly clear
A Girl on Her Bike. Just recently -- 48 years later -- I bought myself a brand new bike. And you know what? I sing on this bike. I let my voice rise in wonder and love. My heart cries from my throat with joy and laughter, with awe and gratitude. I let it rip and roar as I pedal and explore this city that I call home.
Bikini Bridge Hoax or Not, I am Over Body Shaming. Either we can choose to engage in a discourse that has us judging ourselves and one another by our weight, our size, our thigh gap or some other supposed measurement of self-worth -- or, we can choose to be kind, and to be happy, by stepping back from shame culture, and learning to love our bodies for what they are.
A Warm Bed on a Cold Morning. But as seductive as a warm bed may be on a cold morning, staying in bed too long can lead to disrupted sleep and a sleep-sapping case of the winter blues.
Inspirational Leadership Turns Employee Cynicism Around, Study Finds. \These results suggest that CTC [cynicism toward change] can go beyond damaging change efforts to actually disrupting the
Want To Become A Better Athlete? Train Your Brain. Engineering The Athletic Brain Creating this type of optimization among athletes is less about traditional practice (i.e
Why Laughing Is Good for Your Health. If you can find a reason to laugh every day, you'll find that your mood will improve, your relationships with others will seem more meaningful and effortless, and life's hurdles won't seem so daunting.
Bunions in Children. Operating on the bunions in children is different than adults.  Not only are the bones smaller, but the growth plates need to be considered.  If your child has bunions, it's best to start the nonoperative measures as early as possible to lessen the need for bunion surgery as a child
10 More Tips for Effective Conflict Resolution. Conflict can be emotionally exhausting and it is easy to be annoyed that it even took place. Look at the good part by reflecting on any lessons that could be learned about yourself, the other party, the relationship, or life in general.
The 7 Lessons Life Will Teach You. Far superior to a formal education, life is our greatest teacher, sending us down winding paths to help us gain a profound awareness of our potential. We may be tested, but by recognizing the truth of our tests and applying necessary wisdom, we can triumph over every one of life's challenges.
Welcome to Cancerland. A place where chemo drips freely. Hair is a rare sight to be seen. Tubes, treatment, and trials are common occurrences. Hospital bands are shackles bound to the arms of warriors. And cancer is everywhere. Welcome to Cancerland.
Hollywood's Smoky Images Send Wrong Message About Lighting Up. Given the conclusive evidence that smoking imagery portrayed across entertainment media impacts youth and young adult smoking initiation, positive portrayals of tobacco use threaten to reverse the critical progress the U.S. has made over the past five decades in reducing smoking.
A Fowl Fable. Tomorrow is another day, another chance for a feathered friend or member of our species. What will it be? Bounty for the reaper, be she a Frenchwoman or a figure more mythic? Or the one who raises its head high, who seizes the day, and burnishes life with zest outside and in?
How to Survive Weather. Have Skype dates with people that live in other boroughs. Okay fine, have Skype dates with people who live two blocks away
The Surprising Ways The Weather Affects Your Health And Well-Being. Wintertime can bring you down. \Although there\u2019s a mentality that disasters provoke frenzied selfishness and brutal survival
Mindfulness Meditation Is the Direct Way to Happiness. What, out of all the things we can get in this whole world, will give us the most happiness, joy, peace of mind, self-friendship, clarity, insight, presence, is totally free but invariably ignored? Yes, you got it, it's meditation -- the most invaluable gift you could ever give yourself!
What 90-Something Track Star Olga Kotelko Can Teach Us About Living More Active Lives. How do you find time for enough sleep with all your competitions? Shortly after dinner at competitions I make sure I do my
10 Ways Your Personality Affects Your Weight. If you're quiet... People who prefer curling up with a book over a night out at the bar may have a leg up on weight loss
Narcolepsy Drug Shows Promise in Depression Treatment. We still have much to learn about how both sleep disorders and depression influence on another. But recent scientific discoveries may have brought us to a turning point, where attention to sleep and treatment for sleep problems will begin to be regarded as part of the core treatment for depressive disorders.
Dear Me on My Deathbed. There are some of us who, because of our cultural backgrounds, are expected to walk certain paths even if we cast nary a shadow there.  And we continue walking on these life paths even if we don't see the light.
Maybe You're Not Failing Enough. I've come to believe that failure is the currency used to purchase two of the most sought after human virtues. Here's my talk. Let me know if you agree.
I Know It's Not Easy -- But, Don't Give Up! Problem-Solving Solutions. State a problem as clearly as you can. For example
Parking on Solid Ground. As I was pondering this reality shift -- what appeared to be good and functional yesterday looked quite silly and inept today -- I was struck by the lesson that it offers. Life emerges from a certain context.
The Weight Debate. As many of you work diligently to lose weight, the promise of a weight loss goal may seem to be elusive.  While we all work to better ourselves, change our diets and improve our health, there are key concepts to weight loss that often get ignored.
The Emperor's New (Yoga Clothes). There's nothing more \anti-yoga\ than fighting about what other people are wearing. Live and let live people, and that goes for both camps.
Many Younger Adults Skipping Flu Shots. The analysis found that overall, 45 percent of all Americans got a flu shot during the 2012-13 season, the most recent period
Adjusting to Loss. Whether it is 1922 or 2014, coping with grief is a complex and deeply personal process. Lady Sybil and Matthew Crawley, demonstrate some basic principles about getting through a tragic loss that are as true today as they were in generations past.
Chronic Care Patients Are Dying for Change. America has a hotshot, high tech system that can deliver world class, life saving technologies for surgeries, emergencies
Can You Let It Go?. It's funny that we let joy, pleasure and happiness go so easily, yet we hold on to regrets, anger and grief so long.
It's Time to Increase Value and Connectivity for Patients. Health care isn't that different from other consumer industries except that we not only need our consumers to return to our establishment, but we also need to be increasingly more integrated into their lives and we are increasingly more responsible for their health outcomes.
Resistance Training, Muscle-Strengthening Exercise Could Lower Women's Diabetes Risk. Specifically, compared with the most inactive women in the study, women who did at least 150 minutes a week of aerobic exercise
'Too Skinny'. \These studies highlight the often underreported issue of distorted body image among adolescent boys,\ the lead author on
Mindfulness, CBT Could Ease Sleep Woes For Cancer Patients. The strategies also seemed to improve mood and stress levels in the patients, reported researchers from the University of
10 Lessons I've Learned Living With a Chronic Disease. Each of us is challenged in some way, be it in our health, our finances, our occupations or our interpersonal relationships, and many of the same principles that I learned on my particular journey are hopefully relevant regardless of the challenge you are facing.
Make Over Your Morning Mindset With These 6 Pieces Of Inspiration. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Beloved Sleep. How can you be sure to get enough beauty rest? As a self-confessed over-achiever ever in search of a better night's sleep, I've found the following to make a difference.
The 'Personalized' Paleo Diet. For the future of nutrition, I see us evolving beyond diets and into personalized eating for our genes as well as the epigenetic dynamics that our genes experience through their interaction with the environment. We may not be there just yet, but we are seeing the path unfold.
OCD and the Art of Motorbike Maintenance. OCD loves options, loves to turn a debate into a dilemma. But when there's nothing to debate, there's no dilemma; and without
Happy New Year! I Bought You Some Therapy. Part of change means acknowledging that your loved one has to want it, too.  It can still be tricky, and somewhat akin to gifting a gym membership to someone who is overweight. Tread carefully!
Intestinal Flora and Mental health. Scientific research, and the wisdom of the ages, suggest that improving the health of your intestinal flora will bring improvements in your overall health and well-being.
14 Common Dreams and Symbols and Why They're Important. For 90 minutes to two hours or more each night, every single person on Earth dreams. But dreams don't always tell a simple story, and the field of dream research becomes even more fascinating when people from different cultures and backgrounds report having similar dreams.
The 7 Hottest Anti-Aging Superfoods to Eat in 2014. If you're looking for some new power foods to pack into your diet in 2014, I have seven recommendations. These are seven superfoods from my own Peruvian culture, and all are now available in the U.S.
What I Learned About Myself Last Year. You don't have to convince others, everyone or anyone to like you. The one thing that matters is that your closest circle has your back and you're happy with yourself. Happiness shows.
Feeling She Had Let Her Family Down, Kim Freshwater Lost 243 Pounds. How I Gained It
The Prospect Of Losing Financial Incentives Can Motivate Healthy Eating. After six months of this experiment, researchers found that the households who opted to risk losing their discount were the
Is There a Magic Pill for Chronic Illness?. Doctors need tools that help them give patients personalized, specific, actionable advice and the resources to refer patients from the point of care. A doctor's personal recommendation in the visit can be supported by technology and other members of the medical team between visits.
45 Days Until 45. So I've decided to keep blogging about the excess baggage I've been carrying around and how I plan to lighten up. People
16 Signs You're A Little (Or A Lot) Type A. Relaxing can be hard work for you. At work, everything is urgent. Despite (or in some cases because of) the more negative
High Tech Works When It Enables High Touch. Fran\u00e7ois-Marie Arouet, 18th century French author and iconoclast, better known as Voltaire, quipped that, \The art of medicine
Unforgiveable. It will take a diverse population's full participation in well-designed studies to provide women with a better answer to the question, \What should I do?\ Until then, we should err on the side of early detection and early treatment.
All or Nothing. Co-existing with this inevitability of physical upheaval was another ground shift, one challenging the basic beliefs that
It's Not an Excuse, It's a Reason. All you have to do is assess the situation and look for solutions. It's not about being perfect, it's about taking responsibility for your self and actions and working to become the best person you can be. For yourself most importantly, but for those around you as well.
With Fewer Cancer Deaths, What Should You Do Now?. Still the most feared of all diseases, cancer now has some good news. But the responsibility is yours to make sure you are one of the good statistics, not one of the bad ones.
Patience Is Painful. If I'm truly present, then I'm experiencing the bliss of the moment. There isn't any anywhere to go but this very moment. There's nothing to wait for. It's in this moment that I can take action steps toward my goal, and if I'm present in this moment, each action step can be filled with joy and peace.
10 Images To Open Your Mind And Create Some Zen. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
'Don't Drive Stoned' Ads To Launch In Colorado. Reid said protocols for investigating suspected stoned drivers are different from those used for alcohol detection. A series
'16 And Pregnant,' 'Teen Mom' Played Role In Reducing Teen Pregnancy. However, a recent study from Indiana University showed a potential negative effect of these same shows
On Faith and Data. I have clung to the conviction that truth is often immediately furtive, but relentless and ultimately indomitable. Seekers of truth are patient of necessity, obliged to be disciples of time. So far, I have kept the faith that eventually enough data would rally us to common understanding and common cause.
Health Benefits From Cow Urine? Not So Fast, Experts Say. Top 10 Cancer-Fighting Foods The 9 Most Bizarre Medical Conditions Myth or Truth? 7 Ancient Health Ideas Explained Copyright
Stop Hating Yourself for Hating Vacation. Something amazing happened on this holiday. It seems that all the years of spiritual practice kind of kicked in. When I stopped judging myself for the experience I was having, stopped hating myself for hating vacation, I discovered two wonderful things
Intention... Preparation... Action... Results... Repeat!. I think it is great to set goals, but I think \goal setting\ is only a half measure, at best.  Many of us say we want to change things in our lives, but we often do not follow through with measurable, concrete actions.
Finding Your Power. The journey of finding your power, when taken in earnest, changes you from the inside out. It changes all that you say, do
Dear Avon, I Do Not Want to 'Run for Breast Cancer'. No one in her right mind wants to run, walk, or in any way support breast cancer.  We run against it.  We run to empower the people who have been afflicted and are at risk of being afflicted in the future.  We do not run to promote it or to encourage a culture of disease.
How to Be More Mindful When You're Not. The key is to know when we're doing something not as mindfully as it could be, and catch ourselves in the moment to change it. By doing that, we can get that much better at sharpening our awareness, and when we slip into being less mindful, we'll know it right when it's happening, and turn it around.
10 Rules of Gym Etiquette for 2014. You may be a gym neophyte or a veteran vinyasanista, but no matter how long you've been at it, there's no excuse to be rude at the gym. After all, everyone is there for the same handful of reasons, including to de-stress and improve their mood.
Sam Berns, Well-Known Face Of Rare Aging Disease Progeria, Dies At Age 17. BOSTON, Jan 11 (Reuters) - A Massachusetts teenager who became a well-known face of the premature aging disease progeria
Things I've Wondered Since Being Diagnosed With Cancer. I've wondered, is this real? Is this really happening? Is this just a dream? I've wondered what you would all think of me if you knew, despite the positivity in my recent writing, that at my worst moments I've cried because I've been in such physical pain, that I've cried because I've felt sorry for myself.
Poor People May Suffer More After A Heart Attack, Study Finds. Troublingly, researchers found that these frail patients were less likely to receive medications commonly taken after heart
Professional Surfer Greg Long Details How Mindfulness Influences His Life In ORIGIN Magazine. If you could say something to everyone on the planet, what would it be? Live with love, respect, gratitude and compassion
Beat Insomnia Tonight With 3 Tips From Dr. Weil. Having a hard time getting a good night's sleep? You don't have to down over-the-counter medicines night after night that
6 Delicious And Healthy Egg Breakfasts To Try Today. Eggs are dirt cheap, versatile and tasty -- morning, noon or night. Try this
Why Trying to Be Perfect Won't Help You Achieve Your Goals (And What Will). When you look at goals this way, you start to realize that setting up a system for putting your reps in is more important than choosing a goal. Everyone wants to make progress. And there is only one way to do it
The Top 10 Workout Songs for January 2014. Kicking off the new year is an eclectic bunch of workout jams. Pharrell Williams turns up with a jaunty number for which he filmed a 24-hour long music video. The band American Authors continues a climb up the charts with a song you might know best from a Lowe's commercial.
Stop Wasting Your Time Off. Research is beginning to show that we need to be much smarter about what we actually do when we manage to get away from the office. Instead of simply \switching off,\ we need to learn how to switch among a variety of modes.
5 Creative Ways to Cope With Food Cravings. A new study suggests that a short bout of exercise can reduce chocolate cravings. Exercise has so many health benefits, so when you get a craving, especially when you're not hungry, a brisk walk may be all you need to let it pass.
Sleeping With the Band. Drivin' N' Cryin's \sleep when you can\ attitude may have indirectly led to over three decades of music from a band Rolling Stone magazine compared to The Replacements, if Paul Westerberg had worshipped Angus Young instead of Alex Chilton.
The Simple Path to Mindfulness. When your thinking goes up, your mindfulness goes down, and vice versa. You should become familiar with how each mode feels.
Why You Should Walk (Hint. It's true. I do have to get up and go outside, now that I've realized how all of the problems I have--big, small, immediate
Health Concerns Increased During The Recession, Google Search Study Reveals. For the study, Ayers and his colleagues from other institutions analyzed Google searches during the recession, looking specifically
Ask Healthy Living. The good news is cold-weather exercise injuries are preventable. \If you're dressed appropriately for the weather and you
The One Simple Thing That Will Make You Happier (VIDEO). It's been said that \Being happy is better than not being happy.\ But just what is the key to happiness? According to ForHumanPeoples
Jessica Metzger Lost 110 Pounds On The Quest To Become Her Best Self. I do not follow a specific meal plan, I do not eat 100 percent clean and I no longer track my calories. I believe I have
The Reality of The Biggest Loser for a Formerly 400-Pound Man. I believed that if life would just slow down for one second, I could change mine. I thought that the show would be the only thing that could save my life. Disability could help me for a short time. Anything to get me on track. Life did not stop for me. It does not stop for anyone
Heart Attacks, Depression and Suicide. I worked for 30 years as a cardiologist in Richmond, and I have always seen the city's problems through the health lens.  What can a focus on health teach us about Richmond's foreclosure crisis?  What is the impact on the health of families and neighborhoods?
5 Things You Should Know About Stretching And Mobility. Get to work on your mobility with these five tips sure to maximize the way your body moves. 4. Try Traction Having sufficiently
Circadian Timing Could Give West Coast NFL Teams the Edge. Whether you're a fierce competitor in your fantasy football league or you'd just like to be on the winning end of the couch come game day, here's a tip that could help you pick your team
Why Finding Yourself Is Overrated. I, in fact, did have an \aha\ moment, but my own life shifted not when I realized what it was I wanted to do as a career, how I could turn what I love (cooking) into what I live on a daily basis (chef and cookbook author).
Can Chocolate Make You Fit?. Vicious and virtuous loops The cue can be seeing your running shoes next to your bed.\u00a0The routine is your run or walk.\u00a0The
High Net-Gain Nutrition. Simple ways to add high net-gain nutrition Build your daily meals around whole, minimally processed, plant-based foods that
The Sacred Art of Listening -- Nourishing Loving Relationships. Whether it's the communicating between different tribes or religions, ethnicities, racial groups or different generations, we need to listen. The more we understand, the less we fear -- the less we fear, the more we trust and the more we trust, the more love can flow.
Stop Changing!. There may still be times when a change in running technique is appropriate. However, most people will find greater improvements through practicing the technique that their body naturally goes toward, thus reducing the variability of their steps.
The Quiet of Winter. Winter is nothing more or less then perfect humility pulling us back to our essence, each to our own poetry.
Our Happiness Is Our Responsiblity. Success is not necessarily driving a Mercedes, having a luxury home, yacht, or making over a six-figure income. It is not about doing better than your friends, classmates, siblings or parents either. Success is rather living the life you want to live with or without things.
Fit Links. There are hundreds of wonderful sites on healthy living to be seen all over the blogosphere. Here at Fit Links, we'll introduce
Recurring Dreams. Although it is tempting to think of \daily residue\ dreams as unimportant, the process of decompressing from daily events or getting clear about what needs to be done the next day are very important -- even if they are experienced as less exciting than some other types of dreams.
About 3% Of Americans Sick With The Flu, Survey Shows. Authors of the report noted that the findings are consistent with those of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
Do All Men Getting Testosterone Therapy Actually Need It?. \Over the past decade, older and middle-aged men are increasingly being tested for low testosterone levels and being prescribed
8 Kind Things You Should Tell Yourself Every Day. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
10 Reasons You Should Try Walking for Transportation. I've never been a huge fan of exercise. I figured if I did something extreme, like selling my car, I could reduce my carbon footprint while getting healthy and saving money. In 2013, I channeled my inner Forrest Gump and logged over 500 miles. Here are 10 reasons I'm hooked.
Rule #1. by guest blogger Renee James, essayist and blogger For many, someone at some time may have witnessed a circumstance unfolding
Immunotoxin 3B3-PE38 Could Kill HIV-Infected Cells. For the study, published in the journal PLOS Pathogens, researchers took mice engineered to have human immune systems and
Annieta. I enter the parking garage's front office to make a complaint about a food delivery person who improperly parked in the disabled
Pin-Dropping Profundity With a Pixie Face. Suddenly both mother and daughter and even brother (who had been crying and needing many time outs) were completely quiet
Jahi McMath and the Dangerous Language of Hope. Until health care providers become more skilled in helping patients and families to choose their hopes carefully, many of us will continue to receive the most aggressive treatment possible because there is still \hope,\ without the chance to reflect on what that word means to us.
China Reports Another H7N9 Bird Flu Death. The H7N9 bird flu emerged last year in China and has infected around 150 people there and in Taiwan and Hong Kong, killing
Lessons From My Father. When I lament that I no  longer can hike or climb or throw or even walk, sometimes I am able to look at my grown children and appreciate what I gave them as they grew into their success.  I was there for them.  My old man would be proud.
5 Easy Steps for Creating Balance in Your Life. Creating boundaries, picking priorities, and knowing what's working and what isn't -- will help you feel confident that your accomplishments are enough, even if you have more goals you want to achieve.
Will 2014 Move Past the Private/Public Health Care Debate and Onto Preventative Health?. We are at a crossroads of a historic inflection point where human health care could tip from a focus on cure to one on prevention. At the risk of sounding like a Miss America contestant describing her platform to \change the world,\ that's precisely the kind of radical paradigm shift I'm proposing.
How Miracles Work. One month prior, on my way to an event at Eleanor's Roosevelt's estate they stopped dead -- in the middle of a snowstorm
Dr. Lilly Geyer Under Investigation After Death Of 3-Year-Old Finley Boyle. The high dosage and number of sedatives given to the 38-pound girl has also been questioned. Fried claims that Finley was
The Benefits of Running in Subzero Temperatures. Right now is gut-check time. Not many runners are out there on the roads and trails right now. If you see one, you know at least three things about them
January Got You Down? What's Up With Blue Monday?. A gentle reminder to ourselves to lighten someone else's spirits by making them smile, showing that you care, or sharing a laugh is a lovely way to combat those emotional lows.
8 Quirky Things Millennial Men Will Try to Better Themselves in 2014. Men do try to better themselves as part of their New Year's resolutions and to learn the latest ways I've consulted AskMen editors who provided some wacky, innovative, and clever methods from their annual 12 Days To Be A Better Man series.
No Sugars, No Grains. I encourage you to safeguard your body and mind against the daily attacks from the food and drug industry. Fitness doesn't come in a pill and neither does health. It takes work! Be prepared, be knowledgable, but most importantly, be well.
How The Snooze Button Affects Your Sleep. By Robert Rosenberg, DO More from Everyday Health
Snow Day Code of Conduct. I'm convinced that the reason so many people get stiff from shoveling is because they go from sitting on the couch in PJs
Want Weight Loss in 2014? Here Are 5 Key Requirements. Wanting, even with all your heart, to lose weight does not make it happen, as anyone with a stubborn weight problem knows. Hopefully, it won't take you 20 years to learn what I learned. You can learn it from me!
Cherish People Not Perfection. It's Christmas week and we are all busy. Unfortunately, many people hear the word 'busy' and think 'stressful'. Well, this
An Ode to Richard Simmons. I wrote to Richard Simmons many times. He wrote me back every time. It was the coolest thing ever. It amazed me how much he truly cared about overweight people. How much he still does to this day.
People Magazine's Half Their Size Special. Got a success story of your own? Send it to us at success.stories@huffingtonpost.com and you could be featured in our I Lost
Into the Light. I don't live in Florida or Rjuka, and I have not the time or inclination to erect giant mirrors on Willis Tower. But I am going to proactive. I will be making do right here and staring into the light for hopefully a happy winter.
VIDEO. Today, we get her superpowers all to ourselves as she shares with us three seriously powerful motivation strategies that will get us up off our tushies and getting our sweat on... something we all can use a little more of this time of year.
Lessons We Have to Be Reminded of and the Places We Least Expect Them to Come From. Always do the right thing, not just for you or the person you are doing it for but for the eyes of those you don't know that are watching.
6 Ways to Strengthen Your Relationship in 2014. Don't settle for a \good-enough\ relationship. Seize the moment to try new things together, practice new behaviors, and get back in touch with your love for each other. Try to do something good for the relationship every day.
Safety During Cancer Treatment. The truth of the matter is that cancer doesn't just happen to you. It happens to your family, your friends and your community as well.  So many people are looking for opportunities to help you, but often do not know how. Here is a perfect opportunity.
What James Franco Taught Me About Selfies as a Tool for Self-Actualization. Perhaps, I thought, the fact that we live our lives in public now is not just a quirk of social media, but a chance for us to step into the limelight, to push ourselves beyond our own comfort zones.
Beginning in 2014, You Can 'Take It With You'. Second, write down some things you'd like to change in yourself this forthcoming year. Be kinder to others, excellent, be
Interview With a Meal Planner. Sure, I'm a dietitian/nutritionist and the common perception is that I \should\ love planning healthy meals, shopping and stocking my house with all the right stuff. But I truthfully hate it. So, when I found out a friend and fellow dietitian Sarah-Jane Bedwell, R.D., just wrote a book all about planning, I jumped at the chance to interview her.
E-cigs vs. Cigs. The clearest way to reduce smoking risks with vaping is to stop smoking. If needed, trying different vaping products can help smokers identify which are most helpful in getting them to end smoking. For cigarettes, no matter the method -- best to cut out, not just cut down.
The Health Gains -- And Strains -- Of Ultrarunners. - The most common injuries reported among ultrarunners involve the knees or lower extremities. - Injury risk was higher among
The Life Out Loud. How many people you know are passionate about what they do for a living? Scott Dinsmore believes that we all have the potential
What Toronto Can Teach The Rest Of The World About Living Well. Toronto is a city of vast diversity Yes, Toronto has been in the news recently for winning the polar vortex with \frost quakes
Learn Your Top 3 Lessons in 2014. 1. Discover your lessons 2. Choose three that, when learned, will make the biggest difference 3. Write short commands called
Half An Avocado At Lunch Helps Overweight People Feel Full For Longer, Study Finds. For the study, 26 people ages 25 to 65 who were overweight and moderately obese (with a body mass index higher than 25 but
The Best New Year's Resolution? Marry Yourself. Rather, I invite you to step into the mirror and commit to this being your year to fall in love with you. Take in your beauty
Study. The issue is exacerbated by low-income people having a higher risk of diabetes in the first place, as healthier, high-nutrition
7 Calming Morning Rituals You Can't Live Without. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
The Power of Perspective. Like most, I've been a victim of anger, hatred, sadness, and fear. I've been hurt by those who are closest to me. I've been hurt by those who were suppose to protect me. But instead of absorbing the anger and spitting it back out to others, I decided to look at it differently.
Moderate Coffee Consumption Won't Cause Dehydration, Study Finds. The Mayo Clinic has pointed out in the past that normal consumption of caffeinated drinks can actually contribute to daily
This Man Filmed His Family's Reaction To His 130-Pound Weight Loss, And Their Response Will Melt Your Heart. The secret was that he had quietly lost 130 pounds, without telling his parents what he was up to. And the kicker? He filmed
Liquid Form Of Tamiflu Experiencing Shortages. HealthDay noted that flu vaccines -- which are the best way to prevent flu -- are not experiencing shortages, and this year's
The Evolution of a New Years Resolution. It has been a week since the ball dropped and the world rang in 2014. It probably seems a lot longer for those of us who
Prevalence Of Mental Disorders May Be Higher Than Previously Thought. Similar discrepancies in estimations had been observed in previous studies, but those studies had focused on children and
The Healthy Way To Shop For Groceries. Healthy eating isn't just about what you eat or how you eat. How you shop can have a huge impact too. Read more on Mother
Can Too Much Cinnamon Be Dangerous?. From Mother Nature Network's Robin Shreeves
How to Keep Your Resolutions. People are the happiest when they take bold new actions in the areas that are most important to them. And there is no better time to start, than in a fresh new year.
Nutrition Is Complex and Controversial. No two people's internal chemistries are in the same place at the same time. We are unique, bio-dynamic individuals and there is NOT a universal diet for every man, woman, and child.
Superbug Outbreak Tied To Chicago-Area Hospital. CRE bacteria usually infect people in healthcare settings because of use of devices like urinary or IV catheters and ventilators
Makers Profile. From her time as foreign student at Cambridge, to her foray into American politics, in this MAKERS interview Arianna Huffington
How You Practice -- Not Just How Long -- Matters, Too. Everyone knows that to get good at something, you need to practice. But a new study shows that it also matters how you practice
In Hopes Of Building A Better Life, Pedro Gomez Jr. Lost 232 Pounds. How I Gained It
Learning to Cry. I would talk to people and they would remark, \You're depressed? But you look so together!\ as if they were mutually exclusive. I want everyone to know what I'm going through because I'm not ashamed. I have no reason to be.
Essential Guide to Surviving Hip Fracture. Hip fractures are not easy to bounce back from.  The plain and simple truth is that hip fractures can often lead to long-term complications, which can end up forcing you into assisted or nursing home living for an extended stay.
Exercise Benefits Lie In Molecule Called BAIBA, Scientists Find. Gerszten worked on the study with colleagues from the Karolinska Institutet, Frele Universitat Berlin, Boston University
Vitamins in Pregnancy. Eat food, actual food, do it with loved ones, and in a state of relaxation. Then determine how research around supplementation can best support the unfolding of an infinitely complex symphony of information exchange between mom and fetus.
Living Up to the Promise of Modern Medicine. My father was diagnosed with diabetes when I was 6 years old, and it wasn't until years later that I formally learned about
From Resolution to Routine to Reality. Step 1
The Real Reasons Juice Cleanses Can Get Your Health Back on Track. Most people this time of year are thinking about buckling down on their diets. What I have found works best is to take it in small steps. Start with changing your eating for just a few days -- with a 3-day juice cleanse -- and it is remarkable what positive transformation will follow.
Your Best Mantra for 2014. What truly can't be changed, you can choose to accept, which simply means no longer blaming yourself or others and releasing all of that toxic anger that is directed both inward and outward.
Incidental Yoga. Sure, you've got your main yoga practice down pat, but what about your incidental yoga practice? Incidental yoga is an opportunity to take a mundane task like standing in line at Whole Foods and breathe some life into it, so to speak.
10 Qualities of a Good Lover. What makes a good lover? There's an electric chemistry between couples that is unique to them. Smell, voice, touch, and kissing
Forget Resolutions. For those of you who attempt to achieve more by way of a New Year's resolution, you may find those rules don't have staying power. Instead of writing up a list of promises that will fall to the bottom of your to-do list by February, do something different
So She Says, 'Pardon Me, I Have to Go Now, My Life Is Calling!'. It may be that we are guided to move to a new residence, or to leave a job we have outgrown. Sometimes the \knowing\ is urging
WATCH. Meditation is a popular New Year's resolution but easily gets tossed to the side.  Why?  People think meditation is hard.  It's an intimidating practice.  \Sit still and breathe\ seems an impossible task. On the other hand, everyone seems to know that meditation is good for them.
Yes, You Can Lose Weight Eating Nothing But McDonald's, But That's Not the Point. Privilege is ultimately front and center here. Mr. Cisna could have stopped his fast-food diet at any point. Many Americans, however, are beholden to unhealthy eating out of necessity. We owe it to them to help build a healthier food system, rather than hold up fast-food chains as beacons of health while simultaneously chastising individuals for making \bad choices.\
Shoveling Snow Can Kill You. Millions of people shovel their driveways with no ill effects. In fact, shoveling snow can provide an excellent workout (more on this below). But if you have a personal history of cardiovascular disease, shoveling snow can trigger a heart attack.
How to Make Perfect Choices -- Every Time. You are here for the joy. And to spend even one moment criticizing yourself for something that could not have gone any differently than it did is a waste of your light.
How This One Agreement Changed My Life. Our words are so very powerful. They can be used to create and they can be used to destroy. They create our reality and our dreams.
Good Ways to Deliver Bad News. Honor the dignity of the applicant and explain precisely why they're getting unwelcome news. Don't obfuscate the truth because doing so denies the person the opportunity to understand and grow. However, be sure to tell the truth respectfully and without condescension.
Note to Self. As I know first hand, even if you live a healthy life by exercising daily, eating whole foods and staying within a good weight range, you can still have cellulite, and you'll never be any taller.
Global Fattening. Complicating solutions to the growing obesity situation even more is the kaleidoscope of opinions as to what constitutes the right diet for weight loss, good health and longevity.
This Ancient Martial Art Can Fight Disease, Calm The Mind And Slow Aging. The term tai chi itself indicates the harmonious union of opposing forces -- and it's all about going with the flow and moving
Grief and Anxiety. The crazy train of fear prevents you from being present to what is, and it most definitely keeps you from enjoying what is here in this moment. Following these steps can get you off that train before it takes you too far.
How YOU Stay Active Despite The Winter Weather (PHOTOS). Running! --Amanda Loudin 6 miles w/ friends in snow covered Central Park in 14 degrees! --\u200f@RxBethOnTheRun With frigid temps
Cancer Prevention Guidelines Really Do Lower Risk Of Cancer, Study Finds. \The message is simple and clear
Mild Electronic Stimulation Therapy Effective For Sleep Apnea, Study Finds. The mild electronic stimulation therapy method is different from other currently available sleep apnea treatment options
New Year! New Normal?. After I was diagnosed, I can't remember who first suggested that I find my new normal or the first time I saw it written in quotes -- \new normal\ -- but it wasn't long before I developed what is presumably an abnormal distaste for the idea. Since then, I've thought often on why it bothers me.
Are Drug Companies Using Your Electronic Health Records To Sell You Stuff?. NEW YORK, Jan 8 (Reuters) - If you went to visit your doctor and a drug company representative was sitting in the room with
Gonorrhea, Syphilis Increasing In The US, STD Report Shows. More and more people are developing gonorrhea and syphilis in the U.S., according to a new government report examining cases
FDA Says There Have Been 13 Laxative-Related Deaths. Fifty-four cases of serious side effects -- including 13 deaths -- have been associated with oral and rectal use of sodium
11 Warm Weather Escapes To De-Stress From The Bitter Winter Blues (PHOTOS). For more GPS Guides, click here. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and
Resolutions... or Way of Life?. This year, rather than make empty promises or set unattainable goals, resolve to make positive and small long-term lifestyle changes that will make you the healthiest and happiest you've ever been. So where do you start?
Taking the Happy Train to the Rubin. The Buddha said that all beings want to be happy. And he said that we are all vulnerable to loss, to change. I sensed the
Buyer Beware. If you are like most Americans, you have probably tried some form of complementary and alternative medicine (CAM), whether yoga, chiropractic, meditation, acupuncture, or a homeopathic treatment for the common cold.
Consistent Routines Are Good For Sleep, Study Finds. A new study, first reported by Reuters, shows that keeping a consistent daily schedule -- where you eat, start working and
16 Scientifically-Backed Ways To Boost Your Happiness Almost Instantly (INFOGRAPHIC). Have sex. Sex might just help you relieve stress and boost well-being. A study by the Institute For The Study of Labor found
Cancer Death Rate Dropped 20% Over Last 20 Years. Over the last 20 years, cancer death rates have dropped 20 percent, with middle-aged black men experiencing the greatest
10 Ways to Evolve and Be a Better Person. Do what you say you are going to do. If things have changed and you are moving in a different direction, be honest and clear with others. Be reliable and consistent. Admit when you are wrong. Apologize and make amends as needed.
How to Go With the Ebb and Flow of Relationships. We are all interconnected. Relationships come into our lives to shape and mold us into our highest selves. Like the rock formations, seashells and sand are weathered and polished by the ocean waves, we are shaped and smoothed by the forces of our relationships.
Mindfulness Stops Negativity From Sticking to You Like Glue. Mindfulness means we don't get locked out of our heart and throw away the key. Rather, we can watch how negativity distracts the mind and makes such a song and dance, and we just keep breathing and watching as it goes on it's jolly way.
Should I Stop My Statins?. I believe, in the next 10 years, we're going to see a backlash against statins. In fact, we're starting to see it already. We're seeing now that they may not benefit everybody we thought they would. And we're seeing that there are some serious risks involved.
Easy Mind Tricks To Keep Food In Check. From Mother Nature Network's Melissa Breyer
7 Ways to Get Happy This New Year. The great moral and ethical teachers of all ages tend to agree that giving is better for the soul than receiving.  It's counter-intuitive, but the more we give away the more joy comes back to us.
Unplugging Is Easier Said Than Done. When I put the phone down, I felt weird, incomplete, like I wasn't wearing a bra or something. At times during the beginning of the vacation, I actually held the phone even though it was off. It was like weaning
The Fact That You Exist Is Actually Incredible (VIDEO). Check out the video above for more positive inspiration and revel in the fact that your existence is awesome. For more on
Mediterranean Diet Could Prevent Diabetes For Some, Study Suggests. Each year, participants answered questions about what they ate, to confirm they were sticking to their assigned diet. Some
9 Super-Charged CrossFit Moves And How To Nail Them. Here at R29, we like to think we're pretty brave when it comes to trying new workouts. SoulCycle? Been there. Parkour? Done
You Think That's Bad? I Lost a Testicle!. Look, I understand that commiserating can be healthy. I'm not even saying that comparing battle scars is a bad thing. All you have to do is watch Jaws to realize that. But once you utter those four words, you have utterly failed in being a decent human being.
20 Percent Of Pet Owners Are Terrible People, Would Rather Give Up Cuddles Than Smartphones. Arianna Huffington and Mika Brzezinski are taking The Third Metric on a 3-city tour
Yoga Weight Loss News. A 2013 study presented at the 73rd Scientific Sessions of the American Diabetes Association found restorative yoga burns
Your Parents Are Afraid of You. I never even knew that my father once had a brother. He died when my father was 12. He was only 8 years old, stomped to death
Searching for a Personal Trainer. There are five aspects the average client needs to pay attention to when searching for a personal trainer.
U.S. News Ranks Best And Worst Diets Of 2014. U.S. News evaluated and ranked the 32 diets below with input from a panel of health experts. To be top-rated, a diet had
Cognitive Activity Could Hinder Concussion Recovery, Study Suggests. While the findings do suggest it's beneficial for kids to take a mental break after a concussion, they may not need to completely
Obamacare vs. How Much Do You Care?. So how do we contain runaway health care costs? I believe the answer is rather simple. Talk about change you can believe
A Fierce Advocate. The definition of an advocate is a supporter, one who will argue, even plead for a cause. How often are we willing to plead for others? I mean really plead, beg even, put ourselves in a potentially vulnerable position in the interest of someone who can't do it for themselves?
This Woman Filmed 100 Days Of Working Out, And The Change Isn't Just Physical. And find herself she did. \I have low self-esteem, I am going through depression, and I want to change all of that. Next
Not Enough Doctors Are Talking To Their Patients About Alcohol Use, Report Finds. \Drinking too much alcohol has many more health risks than most people realize,\ Dr. Tom Frieden, M.D., M.P.H., director
Keep Calm. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Tobacco Control Efforts Have Saved 8 Million Lives In The Last 50 Years. Published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, the research involves statistical modeling of smoking patterns
45 Days Until 45. Look, dieting should not be all about deprivation. You don't want to be the girl pretending to enjoy a plate of lettuce, when everyone else is raving about the mushroom ravioli.
Placebo Surgery. To be sure, many conditions require surgery, and surgical procedures have contributed to important increases in longevity and quality of life in industrialized settings. But the few sham surgery trials that have been done have likely uncovered the tip of the iceberg.
Equal Rights For Everyone -- Even the Single!. On behalf of single women everywhere, I feel like I need to introduce a rather touchy subject
What Makes A Healthy Diet?. \People are so desperate to lose weight that it's really weight loss at any cost,\ says Madelyn Fernstrom, founding director
Somewhere. No matter what we're going through, the opposite is happening somewhere else at the same time. This awareness doesn't minimize our own experience but adds context and medicine to the truth of any given moment, the way a rip in the curtains we have drawn seems like a violation of the privacy we so wanted though it is only letting the light of the world in. This poem tries to understand this paradox.
What Makes A Diet Easy To Follow?. What's hard or easy for one dieter, of course, may be just right or all wrong for another. Some people need lots of rules
Real Happiness At Work. Debunking the myth of multitasking, we become much better at what we do and increase the chance of being able to remember the details of work we have done in the past.
Smartphone Apps Can Help You Keep Your New Year's Resolutions. Walsh recommends deleting apps that haven't been used in the past year and unsubscribing from unwanted emails. He suggests
After Finally Coming To Believe He Deserved Better, Mark Monacelli Lost 300 Pounds. Binge eating was also a huge problem. I'd eat until I couldn't possibly eat another bite. Food was definitely my best friend
The Truth About Your New Year's Resolution. Welcome to The Beginning Of The New Year. If you're like most Americans, you probably made a resolution. But how likely is
How to Keep Your Bones Healthy and Strong -- Part 2. Some recent studies have suggested that vitamin K (a nutrient usually associated with blood clotting) may play a role in
Ask Healthy Living. Experts recommend listening to your body and eating when you're hungry, in addition to getting plenty of rest and fluids
Lights Go On -- New Year's 2014 Resolutions -- 'Toward and Away'. It occurred to me -- what about accomplishing in regard to moving away from something, stop doing something, use my resources to put to rest habits and tendencies that are counterproductive to me and therefore others?
50 Years Since Warning, Tobacco Remains Our Nation's Mt. Everest. \Before you pick up another cigarette, know that you have about 30 million people who are with you -- right now -- wanting just as you badly as you do to beat one of the toughest addictions on earth.\
9 Reasons To Eat Fish Right Now. By comparing results with previous research in rats, the researchers found evidence to suggest that a lack of omega-3 fatty
When Will I Finally Get Married (Or Divorced)?. To Sign-Up for Larry's Blog, click here Personality incompatibility is one of the main reasons that marriage partnerships
Silencing My Self-Critic. This came after a hard two weeks of sleeping six or seven hours a week and barely surviving panic attacks that, rather than
Stop Comparing and Start Living. The good news is, it's actually not that hard
Autism Gags. As a sibling of autism, it is safe to assume that Suzanne Wright is talking about me, and in response, I will say that yes, the challenges of autism are real. But so are the joys.
We Made It! Looking Back on Our Unplugging Challenge. I've just returned from the most amazing place. I'm not talking about Hawaii, where I spent the holidays with my daughters, my sister and my ex-husband -- though it was lovely, and all the more so because of the foot of snow that's greeted my return to New York. I'm talking about the week I spent unplugged, away from email, social media and TV. Occasionally unplugging from all our devices and techno-distractions is one of those seemingly small adjustments that actually have the power to transform the way we see the world, live our lives and interact with the people who matter most to us. The unplugged version of myself was better able to give these things my full attention -- which, as Daniel Goleman says, is \a form of love.\ And I was able to remember, to paraphrase Louis C.K., that no device or screen can match the HD quality of the actual world.
10 Snowflakes That Prove Every One Of Us Is Unique. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Mindfulness Meditation Improves Depression, Pain And Anxiety, Review Shows. \This lack significantly limited our ability to draw inferences about the effects of mantra meditation programs on psychological
'We Made This Family'. The health care team's sensitivity to identity -- of individual and family -- can mean the difference between achieving a \good death,\ in which a person's wishes are followed to the end, and a death that is especially difficult, painful, prolonged or leaves a great deal of unresolved feelings in its wake.
5 Spirit Junkie Affirmations for 2014. Sometimes the biggest bully you know is you. This new year, become aware of the unkind ways you speak to yourself. Every thought is an affirmation that either lifts you up or drags you down.
How Money Changes The Way We Think And Behave. We tend to seek money and power in our pursuit of success (and who doesn't want to be successful, after all?), but it may
Smoking Affects Circadian Rhythm, Study Finds. \This study has found a common pathway whereby cigarette smoke impacts both pulmonary and neurophysiological function,\ study
Why Compassion Is So Important In Health Care (And What It Looks Like). In this exchange with a patient who was concerned about drinking two liters of barium sulfite, a doctor shows how humor can
A New Year's Resolution Worth Making. When we make a concentrated effort to refocus our attentions outward, we'll find that we get a different response from people
Do You Need to Take Vitamin D?. Many otherwise healthy individuals take vitamin D supplements with the hope of preventing osteoporosis. Don't do it. It doesn't work. Vitamin D supplements do not prevent osteoporosis.
10 Ways We Can Shape Up Together in the New Year. In this New Year, we need to change our diets and the ways we think about and consume food. But to get there, it has to be a community effort. Here are 10 ways we can all work together to create a fitter, healthier society.
My Decision to Become a Life Coach. About six months ago, I decided to take the plunge and get certified in life coaching. I wasn't even exactly sure what it was or why I wanted to do it, but it seemed like it could help me grow up and start to understand myself. They always said \You learn what you teach,\ right?
Why Are Pull-Ups Scientifically Harder For Women?. The 7 Biggest Mysteries of the Human Body Macho Man
Want To Quit Smoking? Wait Until Monday. Tobacco use is the leading preventable cause of death in the United States, with life expectancy for smokers at least 10
Blue Monday. The drinks company Upbeat developed something called the \Upbeat Barometer,\ which analyzes tweets daily for negative words
Is It Time for a Friend Detox?. We have an opportunity in life to make every second fantastic, and it starts with you and your friends. Surround yourself with positive, supportive people, and you will immediately see the quality of your life expand.
Reversing Resolutions. Each year I rethink New Year's resolutions. They never seem to result in real changes in my life for one reason for another
A New Year's Resolution That Changed My Life. Today, I have my life back, Mike and I have each other back, and nine months ago we added to our family when we welcomed
The Value Of 'Affluenza,' Addiction And Parental Neglect As Get Out Of Jail Defenses. We won\u2019t succeed with made up disorders like \u201caffluenza\u201d\u2014or by making addiction an all-purpose excuse. Perry did find that
Smart Food Swaps for a Healthier 2014. What I have found in my private practice is that small action-oriented steps and simple substitutions tend to work a lot better. Here are some smart-and simple food swaps that you can actually implement and incorporate into your everyday routine to help you lead a healthier life.
Cakebarring and Cancer. This year -- the one where I signed on to bake 50 cakes and take them to bars around LA in hopes of finally finding a boyfriend -- also happened to be the one where my best friend Chrissy, my roommate and the champion behind my baking and blogging shenanigans, was diagnosed with brain cancer.
6 Things You Probably Didn't Know About Almonds. Per one-ounce serving, almonds are tied with cashews and pistachios at 160 calories, Health.com reported. They also have
Odor Receptors Exist In The Lungs, Too. Researchers noted that these particular cells could help explain why people with respiratory diseases are so sensitive to
Picking A Mattress To Reduce Back Pain. It is probably no surprise that chronic back pain has been shown to significantly affect the quality of\u00a0sleep. Read more
Paramore Singer Hayley Williams Reveals How She Keeps Centered In ORIGIN Magazine. MP
Shingles May Raise Later Stroke, Heart Attack Risk. Having shingles is associated with a higher risk of stroke and heart attack later in life, a new study shows. Shingles is
14 Foods to Add to Your Diet in 2014. This year, we will see ongoing trends related to the local food movement, ancient grains, cooking over processed, and quality calories over quantity calories. Are you ready to get started with your 2014 diet? Here are 14 foods to stock your kitchen with today!
The Benefits Of A Morning Walk For A Good Night's Sleep (VIDEO). Having trouble catching your 40 winks? The key may be when you choose to exercise. According to Sharecare expert Dr. Vonda
Things You Should Know If You've Got a Lot of Weight to Lose. Eventually though, I realized that I had my priorities all wrong. If, instead of hating my body, I learned to accept and love my body for what it was, it was possible to make the right decisions out of self-care, rather than self-loathing.
11 Things You Must Know If You Made A New Year's Resolution To Get Fit. 3. Sleep Is Not For The Weak Muscles aren't built in the gym. After you drift off, your body gets to work increasing blood
Seasonal Flu Widespread In Nearly Half Of US. The Texas Department of State Health Services issued an \influenza health alert\ on Dec. 20, advising clinicians to consider
Hiking Etiquette. When was the last time you stepped on a mountaintop? If recently, then you probably know the hiking drill. If not, it can't hurt to brush up on the do's and don'ts of hiking etiquette. No matter how short or long your trail, being smart goes the distance when it comes to the outdoors.
Finley Boyle, 3, Dead After Dentist Visit, Parents File Lawsuit. The family's attorney, Rick Fried, says the entire mishap could have been avoided if staff had properly administered the
Feeling Anxious? Get Psyched And Carry On. The sweaty palms, shaky voice, and crippling discomfort associated with anxiety are uncomfortable just to think about, but
Marie Dozier Conquered A Sugar Addiction And Lost 143 Pounds. I was tired of living the miserable existence that comes with having over 100 pounds of excess body weight. I was tired of
Why We Rush Through Life. When we're rushing, we are living in a state of resistance.  It produces a state of consciousness that often comes about when we're feeling anxious.  It's a lack of willingness to be in the present moment.  Have you ever noticed how rushing implies a feeling of lack?
Staying Healthy Is as Simple as ABC. Have a purpose for your life that's compelling enough to make you want to take good care of yourself -- so you can live long enough to fulfill it. Have fun, and learn a lot.
Healing, Healers and the Whole Damn Thing. But what I wonder is
Gene Variant Could Play Causal Role In Narcolepsy. Researchers also found that nearly all people with narcolepsy with cataplexy have this gene variant (a 99.32 percent \negative
'Hormone Disruptors' -- Not Just for Menopausal Mommas. 5. Perfluorinated chemicals (PFCs)--fluorine-containing chemicals with unique properties to make materials stain and stick
Barbie. I'm not ready to say a Barbie doll, in isolation, destroys self-esteem and causes eating disorders.  But when you stack Barbie on top of all the other impossible images heaped on to children, she may contribute to a child's sense-of-self crashing down.
40 Brave Acts of Health and Wellness. Whether it is boldly marching into a new yoga class by yourself or calling the doctor to schedule a test you've been avoiding, you often have to muster up all your courage to step outside of your comfortable box and tread into uncharted territory.
Prego Italian Sauce Recalled Due To Spoil Risk. Some jars of the popular Italian sauce Prego are being recalled because of their potential to spoil. Salmonella Outbreak
Listen to Your Heart. Once you clear space, then you're ready to attract what you really do want in your life. You're ready to open your heart and let love in. And that is a beautiful thing.
Most People Know That Soda Leads To Weight Gain -- But Not How Many Calories Are In Soda. The research, published in the Journal of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics and based on data from 3,926 adults, shows
Compound In Corydalis, Chinese Medicine Plant, Promising For Chronic Pain Relief. The compound could be especially useful in the future for treating chronic pain, as it doesn't seem to become less effective
Why 'Out With the Old, In With the New' Might Not Be the Best Strategy for New Year's Resolutions. It's that time of (new) year when I'm bombarded with questions about losing weight. When learning that I took off and have
Will 2014 Really Be a 'New' New Year?. Tradition has it that January is the time to think back on what we have done and look forward to what we will do.  As 2014 now gets underway, the focus is on our resolve to change, all with the intention of doing even better this year than last.
Fondue and Vision Boards. What I like most about making vision boards for New Year's is that a vision board is just that -- it's stopping to take some time to visualize what you'd like to accomplish in the coming year. I'm not sure why, but it somehow holds less pressure than New Year's resolutions.
New Year, New You. Meditation is one easy way to combat the effects of daily stress and take back control of your health. Just 20 minutes a day can reduce stress and help your brain to recharge.
I Will Not Fix Everything in 2014. What I need more than anything in 2014 is calm; I need to get off the scale, relax, find balance, eat for health, and parent my children from a place of grace. There is more, but I will not fix everything in 2014; I shall save the rest for another year.
The F**k It List. Photo credit
Stanford's Historic Role in Sleep Advances With Study of Children. Decades ago the synergy of neuroscience and psychiatry was essential in establishing this new field. The study of normal sleep and sleep disorders in children is an especially integral part of the development of the future of modern sleep medicine.
California Soda Tax Would Save Hundreds Of Millions In Medical Costs, Study Finds. While a bill proposing a one-cent-per-ounce \u201csoda tax\u201d from state Sen. Bill Monning (D-Carmel) was shelved last May, he vowed
How Long Will A Brain-Dead Person's Body Keep Working?. A person is considered brain-dead when he or she no longer has any neurological activity in the brain or brain stem \u2014 meaning
Yes, I Am Critical and Controlling. So What!. Yes, I am Critical and Controlling. So What! Our discussion felt more like a labor dispute with me as the union rep arguing
Take the Difficulty Out of Your Relationships. We support the difficult by being inauthentic. Meaning, we do what we do, to try and get the outcome we want, even when the person in front of us has shown us over and over that they will not make it easy.
45 Days Until 45. I am 45 days away from my 45th birthday party, and I weigh more than I have in my entire life.  This is a heavy subject for me, and I know I need to fight the battle of the bulge -- but winning this fight means losing, and losing -- as we know -- is not so easy to do.
The Alchemy of Tragedy. -- I found the ability to smile and laugh again. -- I discovered I was having more moments of ok'ness than not. -- And, I
Lifestyle Interventions Trump Health Advice For Weight Loss. They suggested that a specific, moderate-intensity intervention plan was more successful than general advice on healthy living
New Year's Resolutions. 1. Make yourself accountable. Write down your goals and share them with others. After you do this, you can frequently check
143 Miles in 35 Days. Resting is part of training. I've confirmed what I sort of already knew
8 TRX Exercises To Build Strength. Could your own bodyweight be the only weight needed to build strength and get a great workout? The TRX Suspension Trainer
Self-Forgiveness at Work. The more time we spend on meditation practice, the more rewarding it becomes as rather than rejecting difficulties as bothersome interruptions, we can acknowledge our work with all its complications and challenges as an invitation to wake up and live our lives more honestly and fully.
On Becoming Fearless. Maya Rodale is the author of multiple historical romance novels, as well as the nonfiction book Dangerous Books for Girls
Life With 'Devourers' and 'Baby/Bullies' -- Your Thoughts Please. Communication gurus usually advise folks to honestly talk out problems and share intimacies as the most useful means to solve discord and enhance relationships.  But here's the catch to this counsel
How I Lost 20 Pounds in Four Weeks and Kept It Off. As I continue to release weight, it's important for me to be surrounded by like-minded individuals. I won't sabotage my weight loss goals. Anyone that doesn't support me isn't in my tribe.
5 Steps to Solve Your Migraines. Migraines are a big problem. They affect millions of people and are responsible for billions of dollars in health care costs. The question we really need to ask isn't, \How do you treat a migraine?\ but rather, \What is causing the migraines?\
Best New Year Ever! Say 'Goodbye' to Your Inner Critic. New Year's Day is a time of reflection, as resolutions for the New Year abound. A new year means new beginnings... a fresh
These States Could Benefit From The Most Popular New Year's Resolution. Americans think most people gain about five pounds during the holiday season. While studies show it's actually far less, the
Dear 2013. Thank you 2013. Now here's your hat. Thank you for ricocheting me back to my partner and for showing me that sometimes we
Start When You're Ready. I want you to get in the mindset of tackling things on your own terms and not because of a specific time period or event. Believe in yourself and just do you. After you commit to your weight loss goals, I want you to keep these tips in mind to help you stay on track.
The Shift That Will Make 2014 Sensational for You. Consider how you might shift, using the question, \What energies, qualities, or ways of being would contribute to me achieving
5 Tips to Lose Weight Without Losing Your Mind in 2014. Are you like the millions of others who have set a goal to lose weight in the new year? Think it's going to take lots of deprivation, extreme dieting and hours sweating at the gym? Nope, nope and nope.
On This Island in Space. I believe we are all journeying on the same road, leading up the same mountain, to the same summit. The only difference is
Get Fit. I'd completely psych myself out, so desperate to look the part of Fit Girl, I'd be totally exhausted before my feet even touched the treadmill.
The Waiting Game. Maybe as a child I wasn't quite as patient as I remember. And perhaps I've grown accustom, thanks to advances in technology, to getting things at the exact moment when I want or need them.
14 Things To Stop Stressing About In 2014. 3. Leaving your phone at home. Theodore Roosevelt once said \comparison is the thief of joy\ -- and he couldn't have been
The Past Wasn't Awesome, the Future's Not Bleak and 50 Is Not the New 40. These are buoyant, happy times, and as much as I loved spending my teens in the 80s, I am just as thrilled to be living out my 40s in the 'teens. And at the end of this decade, when I do turn 50, I will know that it's going to be even better than I could have imagined.
Relapse Of 'Cured' HIV Patients Inspires, Not Crushes, Scientists. LONDON (Reuters) - Scientists seeking a cure for AIDS say they have been inspired, not crushed, by a major setback in which
12 Days of Winter Meditations. Happy New Year
'Baboon Syndrome'. The condition is usually caused by an allergic reaction to penicillin drugs, but can also be caused by exposure to mercury
More Evidence Sleep Deprivation Is Bad For The Brain. The molecules, neuron-specific enolase (NSE) and S100 calcium binding protein B (S-100B), \typically rise in blood under
365 Invocations to Create an Extraordinary Life, Week 12. This is the time to make the list of where you are going to be focusing your energy for the new year and beyond. And then, of course, it is time to re-realize your connection to the creator once more and then read your list (or single intention) out loud, and invoke it!
Preparing for the New Year. The familiar is not in and of itself more comfortable than the unknown. In fact, it may well be worse and it may even be accompanied by the greatest discomfort of them all, which is the realization that I'm stuck and not doing anything about it.
5 Starters to a Successful Resolution. If you do spend money, spend it wisely. Spending money on your health and well-being is the wisest investment you can make
3 Principles To Harmonize Your Work And Personal Goals In 2014. I've come to think balance is probably a mythical and aspirational state of being, invented right around the time that it became normal for both parents in a family to have careers.
A New Twist on the Old Resolution. To struggle is human. I don't just want to do what obligation tells me to do. I want to live, and that means finding the balance to play -- to do what a body is not obliged to do. Last year was physical, and  this year is mental. Next year, I'll add another layer to the work in progress.
Don't Ever Go to Sleep Angry -- Yeah RIGHT. And now it's time for bed. Think happy thoughts. HA! Instead, all that's going through your mind is how much you despise
Eliminating the Not-So-Nice People in Your Life for 2014. The bottom line is that these are unpleasant relationships that one could do better by eradicating them from our lives. People are there to enrich our lives, not make them uncomfortable or sad or empty.  We want to be there for our friends, but make sure they are really our friends and would be there for us, too.
5 Steps to Turn 2014 Resolutions into Results. First Step
Dare to Be 100. Use it or lose it is powerfully correct. But in order to use it, it is important that all the mechanical imperatives are obeyed. Our longtime shared running goal is to run until we are 100 with or without our original hardware. Remember that the devil can't hit a moving target.
Looking Back in Order to Move Forward. This year, may all of us can have success, happiness, and that our resolutions become not just wishes in our future but actualities in our present lives. Know yourself, review your past, be honest, make a plan, and then carry it out.
2014. Energy flows to where your attention goes! So this year, more than others, it will very quickly become apparent if you are
7 Tips to Beat the Post-Holiday Blues. Rather than focusing on creating a set of resolutions or goals, choose one thing that you'd like to do differently or change about your life. Picking -- and sticking to -- one goal is easier than five or six.
Wheelchair Wisdom. Forgiveness is a gift to yourself. It frees you from the past, past experiences, and past relationships. It allows you to live in present time. When you forgive yourself and forgive others, you are indeed free.
A Call for Clarity on Mammography's Benefits and the Value of Early Detection. Screening is more accurate and involves less radiation than ever before. Women might be demanding universal access to better, state-of-the-art facilities, rather than shying away from the test.
14 Things I Wish I Knew in My 20s. As I move headlong into middle age, there are so many ways I have matured.  I was a mess in my 20s, admittedly. I was insecure, scattered, and unsure of myself. And when I coach younger clients, I tend to tell them the things I wish someone would have sat down and told me at their age.
8 Common Ways We Drain the Life Out of Relationships. 5. Stop making eye contact. Unfortunately it's too easy to fall into complacency when we're not feeling mentally challenged
'Biggest Loser' Nutritionist Cheryl Forberg On The Best Ways To Lose Weight In 2014 (VIDEO). As the nutritionist for \The Biggest Loser,\ Cheryl Forberg, RD, knows dieters are looking for a quick fix. But she also
Terri Schiavo Group Reportedly Advising Jahi McMath's Family In Fight To Keep Teen On Life Support. \Families and individuals must make themselves aware of what so-called 'brain death' is and what it is not,\ Schindler said
Jumping Genes May Be Linked To Schizophrenia. 14 Oddest Medical Cases Top 10 Controversial Psychiatric Disorders Top 10 Mysteries of the Mind Copyright 2014 LiveScience
How Mindfulness Helped Kathleen Fee Lose 140 Pounds. As for exercise, I started out walking the floor at work. Nobody really knew at first what I was doing. I would just lap
Hello 2014. Why compare myself to anyone else when we are all so different, all needed here as much as the next person to make this crazy thing called life work?
Health Trends in 2014. Here are some predictions for trends you may see in your gym, supermarket, or hear around the water cooler this year. Find out if they're worth incorporating into your lifestyle.
How Sleep Deprivation Decays The Mind And Body. Getting too little sleep can have serious health consequences, including depression, weight gain, and heart disease. It is
Here's The Best Way To Cure Your New Year's Eve Hangover. That said, there are a few things that help alleviate your hangover, like eating pretzels, drinking some water or a Sprite
What My Year of Yoga Taught Me About Having Patience With Myself. What did I want for myself in 2013? My mind drifted to yoga. I had signed up for a teacher training program, so why not make this my Year Of Yoga by supplementing my training with additional classes? 200 seemed like a nice round number, and it's not like it would take over my life.
50 Years of Keeping a Daily Diary. \That's my last offer,\ she was shouting at him. \Not one rupee more!\ It was not what I had expected of the saintly woman
Tripling Tobacco Taxes Worldwide 'Could Prevent 200 Million Early Deaths'. \The two certainties in life are death and taxes. We want higher tobacco taxes and fewer tobacco deaths,\ he said in a statement
Why I'm Quitting Social Media for 30 Days. My compulsive checking had become a burden instead of a fun way to keep in touch. I wanted to live a better, more present life, and in order to do that I had to stop bombarding myself with information on how everyone else was living theirs.
The Science Behind Successful New Year's Resolutions. Even though making a resolution is thrilling, keeping it isn't easy. Many people aren't ready to make the serious commitment needed to succeed.
Playing High School Sports Associated With Better Health And Fitness In Old Age. A new study shows that playing sports in high school is a predictor of whether a man in his 70s will be fit and healthy. The
This Is Why You Can Never Keep Your New Year's Resolutions. But anticipating obstacles ahead of time can help you stay on track. In psychology, this is known as the hot-cold empathy
Why You Should Start Talking to Yourself. Change can be challenging... and as you step into the next season of your life or evolution of yourself, it can also be incredibly isolating. Sometimes in order to move forward, we have to release those that no longer serve us, and until we find the new tribe, that can leave us with only ourselves.
10 Inspiring Quotes to Reach Your 2014 Fitness Goals. While losing body fat and reshaping your body is challenging, feeding your mind positive thoughts can make the challenge much more manageable.
The 7 Weirdest Workout Videos Ever. Now that the holidays are coming to an end, you may have started to notice a little more cushion around your midsection. All
Magnificent Mildred. \Do you know my grandson
13 Of The Biggest Celebrity Health Battles Of 2013. Lil Wayne In March, the rapper, who has been diagnosed with epilepsy, was hospitalized for close to a week after three consecutive
7 Steps to a Happy New You in the New Year. If we don't want to drag the past year into the new year, we don't have to. However, we have work to do because no one can alter the content of our minds -- it is an inside job.
Making New Year's Resolutions. 3. How you want to feel with others How you interact with the people around you, also contributes to how you will feel while
WATCH. From my family to yours, here's wishing you a magnificent New Year! I hope this video will help you make it so. If you are
Why Creating Mindful Resolutions Will Give You Better Results (VIDEO). Gretchen Rubin, author of \The Happiness Project,\ said that in order to have a positive year, we need to focus on the greater
Eating Slowly Could Curb Hunger After A Meal, Study Finds. Eating more slowly could lower the chances you'll still feel hungry after your meal, according to a small new study. And
We Tried It. With no transition time in between movements, I found myself falling behind as I transitioned out of the resistance band and onto the box. The second and third times through were much smoother, but not perfect.
A Ritual Ties Past Lessons to Future Hopes. Sally said, \Well, ladies, I baked a chocolate decadence cake.\ Drawing a collective breath, we squeezed hands and broke
Forget About Resolutions! 5 Things to Remove Instead of Resolve. Everyone talks about resolutions this time of year.  Making changes, setting goals, remembering dreams we once had, and wanting to live better.  But the only thing I see happening with resolutions is \adding\ to the already secret mess that is my life.
Dare to Be Daring. Truth or dare
10 Ways to Make 2014 Your Best Year Yet!. The super cool thing about this new year is that we are also starting off with a new moon on Jan. 1!  The last time this happened was 19 years ago.  New moons bring powerful energy for change and fresh starts.
Welcome Happiness This New Year. When we say \new year,\ a sense of newness, of renewal, is created in us. The new year is an opportunity to refresh our mind, reflect on our choices. We take vows to improve, to achieve, and we set goals during this time.
12 Days of Winter Meditations. I'm a believer in the power of dreaming to create the future you want. I think sometimes people look at my life and think
Many Doctors Avoid The Sex Talk With Their Teen Patients, Study Finds. \u201cIn fact, it\u2019s quite the opposite,\ Dr. Feinstein said.Talking to teens about the dangers will help them make smarter decisions
Resolutions of What I Will NOT Do in 2014. *I will NOT raise my voice when speaking to my teenaged children. Despite their frontal lobe-induced verbal assaults on me
Time to Get BYOB -- Get Back Your Own Body. b. Finally make it through my complete stint of rehab this time. - Answered mostly \Ds\
The Most Important Thing You Need for Love in 2014. Creating a long-term relationship will rock every fiber of your being and make you question yourself.  It is truly one of the most challenging things we can do in our life.
The Way Up. photo two by scott thomas photo one by patricia rust I wish you every success in realizing your hopes and dreams and suggest
The Lasting Damage of Child Abuse. A major way by which childhood abuse can disrupt normal brain activity is by diminishing its capacity to handle stress. Stress
Past Gone, Future Unknown, Be Here NOW. Why does it take a new year to make us behave like this? Why is it that for 364 days we live with regret, doubt, holding on to what we did wrong and wishing we hadn't, or dreaming of a future that can never be because it doesn't exist, and then for just one day we resolve to change all this?
Rules at Impact. It's true that unexpected death messes with your world in a way few things can. Adding to this list, or creating a whole new one of your own, might give you just the tiniest roadmap inside a wholly disorienting time.
Is A Fee The Best Way To Reduce Dangerous Antibiotic Use In Agriculture?. Farmers use antibiotics to prevent fatal illness among animals that are housed unnaturally close to one another and because
Worried About Gluten? This Is Your Brain on Journalism. We are captivated and intrigued by the controversy among medical professionals as to whether carbohydrates, and grains in particular, are safe for consumption. We are also confused.
Start a Meditation Practice for the New Year and Make It Stick. Some days you will be able to quiet that mind, other days it will be more challenging, but no less rewarding. And the longer you do it, the better you get -- you are actually training your mind. Simply start and see where it takes you.
6 New MERS Cases In Saudi Arabia And UAE. Although the worldwide number of MERS infections is fairly small, the more than 40 percent death rate among confirmed cases
False Positive? The Reality Of Workplace Drugs In America. The Quest press release left no doubts that the company was making its bold claim for the entire U.S workforce and not just
Cholesterol Could Affect Plaque Buildup In The Brain, Study Finds. Dr. Reed and his colleagues imaged patient brains using PET scans and a \u201ctracer\u201d that binds with amyloid plaques. This tracer
New Year, New Jobs. Thanks to several key trends in aging and health care, one of the fastest-growing jobs in 2014 is expected to be that of
52 Tips to Get Unstuck in 2014. 1. Accept things as they are not as you wish they were or ought to be 36. Ignore the critics because you know the real truth
5 Goals For Improving Your Wellness In 2014. For more GPS Guides, click here. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and
New Year's Resolution Motivation From a Quadriplegic. I really don't mean for this to be a guilt trip, but more of a swift kick in the rear to get you moving! I learned a very hard lesson at a young age and hindsight truly is 20/20.
The Only Resolution. This year, I don't want memories. I don't want wishes or goals or resolutions. I don't want the fantasy, the promise of tomorrow. I don't want plans or agenda or deadlines. I don't want excuses. I don't want distractions. I don't want more time. I don't want yesterday. I don't want tomorrow.
Forget Resolutions -- Time to Set Intentions. Now, a year older and hopefully a year wiser, I am questioning whether there is even a purpose to resolutions aside from creating a platform from which to feel guilty and shameful when once again, we don't maintain them.
Julie Nguyen Quit Smoking Cold Turkey To Be Able To Run And Lost 105 Pounds. I am more athletic now than I ever thought I could be. I go to bootcamp workouts, hiking, to hot yoga. I change up my routine
Free Yourself by Being Direct. Situations in which it may be scary or difficult to be direct
These Digital Meditation Tools Can Be Your Gateway To A Calmer, More Effective Life. If you'd rather listen to music than sit in silence, try Eckhart Tolle's \Music To Quiet The Mind,\ available on Spotify
3 Simple Steps to Stay Slim and SANE During the Holidays. 2. Summerbell CD, Cameron C, Glasziou PP. WITHDRAWN
10 Things Caregiving Taught Me in 2013. Hopefully these 10 things I learned from caregiving can help you be more prepared to enter 2014. The sorrow I've seen being around Alzheimer's really has shown me how interconnected we all are.
Top 10 for Policy and Action in Integrative Medicine and Health in 2013. An ultimate gauge of influence of an externalized movement is the elevation of its leaders into key roles in mainstream organizations
The Biggest Diet Mistake People Make After New Year's (VIDEO). Only 8 percent of people complete a New Year's resolution, which is why board-certified family physician Dr. Andy Baldwin
Stop Downloading Your Resolutions. In tune with our digital world there are enough New Year's Resolution apps to ensure that as we fail to keep our self-made promises we can try and try again, leaving behind us a trail of thumbs-downs to mark our passage of trial and tribulation.
Physical, Mental Job Strain Could Have Long-Term Effects On Health. Data was obtained from 5,625 participants between 44 and 58 years old who worked in the public sector in Finland during 1981
3 Steps To Fitness Success In The New Year. 2014 is your time to reach fitness success.\u00a0Don't let anyone or anything stand in the way of reaching the pinnacle of your
Don't Make Resolutions -- Do This!. I'm done with resolutions. But I am going to pay more attention to my state of mind. When I get too serious, too worked up, and all too concerned about the things that will always be a challenge, I will think playful. I will be playful. I will do a little attitude check.
8 Ways To Practice More Positivity In 2014. Little kids can have the best outlooks on life. According to some experts, happiness is a choice that we can make -- not
Resolve. 'Tis the season to grab a pen and paper and make some New Year's resolutions.  Sounds so simple, and yet, is there a craft to making your new year's goals more meaningful?  Here are a few tips, some backed up by studies, that will help you make the most of this fresh new year.
The Signature of All Things Superhero. I had no idea this book would inspire me to be a better person. Nor did I know it would take me on such a superhero adventure.  And I didn't know I needed it to dip me back into a profound life-changing memory, but I did.
Food Choices Influenced By Social Norms. Why do people eat the way they do? Food choices are based on many factors, and a new study in the Journal of the Academy
Next to a Gull. When in the crucible of a difficult life change, I went to be by the sea, to clear my head, to open my heart, to imagine next steps. What I found was the beauty and resilience of life waiting under my trouble and all trouble. It helped me look beneath my pain and confusion to remember that while what happens when we're alive can be alarming and disappointing, the fact that we're alive is all that matters.
A Different Take on New Year's 'Intentions'. As this year began to wrap up I had the most shockingly depressing revelation about myself. I am for the most part incapable
At the Top of My Lungs. Last year at this time I had a new husband, new family, new home, warmly lit and replete with the visceral holiday smells of mulled cider and fresh pine. In hushed tones we reviewed the events of the day as he massaged my neck and shoulders. His hands froze when, for the first time, he felt the pea-sized knot at my throat. Last Christmas I got a lump of cancer.
Tips for Choosing the Right Resolution. Choose your resolution wisely. It's a chance to make big change happen in your life and there's no better time to turn over a new leaf than Dec. 31. Pick one you'll enjoy accomplishing that strays from the norm, is realistic and specific, and allows you to hold yourself accountable to a friend or family member.
There Is Only One New Year's Resolution You Need... Kindness. There are many who point out the benefits of kindness, but it also works in opposite of the reward system, it has a negative
Make 2014 Your Best Year Yet (In an Hour or Less). Next Step
Four Powerful Ways to Happiness. Celebration can be attributed to any reason, because the nature of our spirit is to celebrate. The new year is a time when the spirit of celebration engulfs the whole world. This is also an opportunity to reflect on the year gone by and take stock of the lessons learnt.
6 Tips to Stick to Your New Year's Resolutions. The end of the year is the perfect time to chart your course forward and reflect on the previous year's journey. The time-honored tradition of New Year's resolutions promises a fresh start with every Jan. 1. You can renew lost commitments and begin new projects, goals or dreams.
Resolutions? 10 Powerful Questions Before You Start. The exercise below will help you to dig deep, get honest with yourself, and uncover what you truly want and where you really want to go in a positive way.  It's the initial powerful step towards making changes in your life.
A Ritual for the New Year. \u2022 Sage and a lighter or matches. \u2022 Journal/notebook, and pen/pencil. \u2022 Envelope. \u2022 White clothes \u2022 Watch the Cortices tapping
In the Market for a New Year's Resolution? Check Out This Sales Pitch for Permanently Giving Up Christmas Shopping. The problem isn't with Christmas itself -- it's actually my favorite holiday.  The trouble is each year there is a bigger gap between what I want to do to celebrate Christmas and what I end up doing instead.
5 Tricks For Keeping The Commitments You Made To Yourself. For more GPS Guides, click here. The joy of dedication turns resolutions into commitments. It focuses the whole of your attention
10 Strategies for Achieving Your New Year's Resolutions. The new year is a fantastic opportunity to spend time (preferably a couple of hours) working on your life rather than just being caught up, running around in circles, in your life. Time is so precious that we are flat out getting the basics done, let alone thinking about our lives and how we are functioning.
The Only 2014 Resolution You'll Need... the One That Changes Everything. William \Bill\ Butler and Dr. Steve McSwain Consider this
Protect Your Peepers -- The Dangerous Sun's Effects on Your Eyes. One eye condition that I see frequently and that is directly related to ultraviolet exposure is pterygium. Pterygium manifests as benign triangular shaped growths that are usually found on the nasal part of the eye.
Make a Fitness Resolution That Sticks. About a zillion people make resolutions that relate to fitness around the New Year. And about three-quarters of a zillion of them don't stick to those resolutions past six weeks. I have a few theories as to why that might be -- and how you might be able to make a fitness resolution that sticks this time around.
Battle Holiday Weight Gain With PIE. Good food, drink and friends (and occasionally family) are central to the holiday season. Most of us will eat too much of something, but we should try to avoid eating too much of everything.
Why Some People Almost Always Reach Their New Year's Resolutions. Your goal must also be meaningful for you. It isn't what other people want, what we think we should want, or what others want for us.
12 Days of Winter Meditations. The Winter Woods
12 Days of Winter Meditations. Music
2014. Make a vocabulary shift. Instead of thinking I really \should\ exercise or I \have to\ exercise, start saying I \want\ to exercise. This small word shift changes exercise from a chore to something you look forward to doing.
Life. How does one move from being a value and belief couch potato, watching one's life pass by, to becoming a participant and leader of one's own life and how can one custom design values and beliefs that fit?
One of the Most Underrated Strength Exercises You Can Do. Find a coach and learn to deadlift. You may have no interest in pulling 1,000 pounds, but smart people know that stronger is better, and the deadlift is very good at making you stronger the right way.
Sharon Salzberg, Josh Melnick Reveal How Our Emotions Affect Our Creative Process. Salzberg hypothesizes that while some traditions of art usually comes from exploration and discovery, others can be born
Get Zen. I used to get irritable whenever anyone would suggest I try meditation. I'd already decided it didn\u2019t suit me
After Heart Surgery, Physical Inactivity Linked With Depression Risk. Researchers found that 23 percent of the patients were depressed before the surgery, 37 percent were depressed right after
The Most Important Thing You Can Do In The New Year To Lose Weight, Get Sharper And Live Longer. \There is a false sense of belief among patients that they can get by on four or five hours of sleep,\ Avidan tells HuffPost
Kiwi. What's behind the possible benefits of kiwi to sleep? There are a couple of characteristics of the fruit that may make it a strong sleep-promoting food
11 Totally Natural And Completely Unexpected Ways To Ease Pain. Be A Picky Eater Inflammation -- the redness, warmth, swelling and pain that, despite its associated discomfort, helps you
This Playlist Will Inspire You To Make 2014 The Year Of You. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Holiday Fun Without Back Pain. My patients tell me that sometimes they cannot figure out what hurts more, the lightening of their wallet or the recurring back aches and pains during the holiday season.
Love Is... (Holy Shit, I Have Cancer). Love is when the CT scan comes back, and the doctor carefully, gently, sits down on the gurney next to me and asks if I would like to read it with him. Love is when I know this cancer will hurt, and will make me sick, but it will not kill me.
10 Tips for Resolving Conflict. Recognize that people come into our lives for a reason and even negative experiences are opportunities for growth. Be grateful for the learning experience, work towards acceptance, forgive and let go of the past. Consciously choose how you want to move forward.
The Top 10 Workout Songs of 2013. The end of the year is a great time to survey workout music for two reasons. First, it provides a chance to look back at the year that's winding down and reminisce. Second, the new year is when folks make resolutions -- often to get into better shape -- and the recap includes a few songs that might help with that.
As Anxiety Levels Go Up, So May Stroke Risk. \Everyone has some anxiety now and then. But when it's elevated and/or chronic, it may have an effect on your vasculature
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (Dec. 27-Jan. 2). o you lose yourself in orbit around certain people? Conversely, do you have to be the center of attention? Today, make room for all persons to come from their center.
Jackie Shaheed Lost Nearly 200 Pounds And Started Her Own Fitness Business. How I Gained It
10 Ways to Get Psyched Up to Work Out. Motivation is tough. But try any of these 10 new simple, science-backed kick-starters and you'll want to work out.
6 Kind Things We Should Be Telling People More Frequently. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Be Mindful In The New Year. Thich Nhat Hanh, a Vietnamese monk, political activist and one of the\u00a0world\u2019s leading teachers of Zen Buddhism, has written
Time to Abolish Time. There may be a simple solution to most of our problems. It's time to abolish time! Your first instinct is probably to scoff
Ready-or-Not Resolutions. Resolutions, born of a \ready or not, let's go\ mentality, invite failure. So reinvent your resolutions and make them more likely to succeed. Resolve to get ready, and go only when you are.
Flu Vaccine May Work Better In Women. This may mean that vaccinated women are better protected against catching the flu than vaccinated men, although the new study
Body Matters. Love, Laurie But it's predictable that unless you dig in a new, deeper way, all your good intentions will be out the window
Are Concussions Related To Alzheimer's Disease?. \Our results add merit to the idea that concussion and Alzheimer's disease brain pathology may be related,\ study author
Why Some People Respond To Stress By Falling Asleep. Last month, my wife and I found ourselves in a disagreement\u00a0about whether or not our apartment was clean enough for guests
Feeling Tired and Achy? Here's Another Perspective to Think About. Despite how common symptoms seem, there is no such thing as cookie-cutter medicine and each patient needs to be evaluated as though each case is in fact different, even if the symptoms seem common.
Searching for God at the Shopping Center. Every one of us wants to make an enduring impact in the world. We all want to make a difference. Of course, God is not shopping
Angelina Jolie's Preventive Mastectomy Raised Breast Cancer Awareness, But Not Knowledge. \While celebrities can bring heightened awareness to health issues, there is a need for these messages to be accompanied
5 Simple Ways to Reduce Holiday Stress. Enjoy the beautiful music and pageantry of the holidays. Spend time with positive, energetic people. Acknowledge your feelings, good or not so good,  take especially good care of yourself and relax into the warmth and joy of the season.
10 Unexpected Things That Can Ruin Your Sleep. You've heard it all before
13 Of The Biggest Health News Stories Of 2013. 6. The polio outbreak in Syria. An outbreak of the crippling disease polio has emerged in Syria amid conflict in the country
Fit Links. While you're streaming more of your favorite Christmas movies this weekend, consider trying these interactive workout ideas
Today in the Mind of Michael Parrish DuDell. If now is a good time, what would you let go of? MD
7 Surprising Body Odor Causes. And yet, somehow, you still find yourself wondering... IS THAT ME?! Turns out, there are the occasional smells that no amount
No Two People Smell Things The Same Way, Study Suggests. Researchers found that between two people, about 30 percent of the odor receptors are different -- which Matsunami noted
Bloomberg's Cap on Supersize Soda May Be Contagious. I hope that the courts favor Bloomberg's proposal and that when we visit a concession stand at a NYC movie theater later in 2014, the largest single-serve soda is 16 ounces as opposed to the 50-ounce size available now.
7 Reminders That You're Capable Of Lighting Up The World. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
What Harry Chapin and Marty Taught Me About Unconditional Love. When he brought up marriage, I changed the subject. I realize now that I didn't believe someone could love me for a lifetime when I didn't love me enough in that moment.
How To Survive The Post-Holiday Blues. From Mother Nature Network's Jenn Savedge
Questions About Tonsillectomies To Treat Sleep Apnea After A Child Falls Critically Ill. Tonsillectomies fell out of favor in the 1980s, but the procedure has become more common again to treat a new diagnosis \u2014 sleep
Amazing Grace. My recovery from work addiction helped me to see that my issues were not unique to me. I was able to put things into a perspective that enabled me to recognize the cultural, social and institutional factors that contribute to the dysfunction that showed up at home and in the workplace.
5 Psychological Tips to Help You Stick to Your New Year's Resolution. Finally, kick off your resolution with a bang. Often, resolutions begin and end with an idea. The goal is to launch the idea into action.
Florida Now Has More Tanning Salons Than McDonald's Restaurants. The research, published in the journal JAMA Dermatology, revealed that Florida has a total of 1,261 tanning facilities, which
Compassion. Branch to bough, with an open heart, compassion is always available for both the receiver and the giver.
A Surprising Genetic Risk Factor For Type 2 Diabetes Is Discovered. \As far as I know, this is the first time a version of a gene from Neanderthal has been connected to a modern-day disease
The 9 Best Books for Meaningful Change. Like it or not, we are all always changing and adapting to circumstances as time rolls on.  The positive thing about change is that with some effort we can help direct some (though not all) of the change in our lives as opposed to being victimized by it.
A Genetic Marker Could Determine Who Is Most Likely To Get Sick With The Flu. While some people seem to shake off the flu with a couple of days of rest and a good night's sleep, others are laid up for
8 Unexpected Habits Of Happy People. Everybody wants to be happy. Thus, the onslaught of lists enumerating various happy-making suggestions
12 Days of Winter Meditations. The world will wait. Rest
What Makes a 'Good' Personal Trainer?. It's easy to write a trainer off as incompetent based on what you can't see behind the scenes. When January rolls around and it's time to get back to the gym, shirk that mentality and listen to your voice of reason.
Just Change One Thing. The trick, I have learned, is to focus on one keystone habit.  A keystone habit is one that is central to the way you have been operating and once changed will create a chain reaction of change.
Calorie Counts For Holiday Drinks (and Tips For Slimming Them Down) | TIME.com. Calories that come in liquid form are harder to track than those in food, but we\u2019ve done the math for you. Read more on healthland.time.com
14 You-Boosting Questions for a Soul-Filling 2014. What books, quotes, people, blogs will help you when you fail or when you find yourself being judged by others? Create your very own pool of wisdom that you can dip into whenever things don't go as expected or hoped for.
Performance Reviews and Keeping Your Self Worth. Self-limiting beliefs have a way of coming up everywhere, even in the workplace; however, they don't  have to get the best of us.
Find a Transcending Purpose to Motivate Your New Year's Resolution. Vic
My Alone Time With the Tree. A lifetime perched in perishable branches. Just as we all are. The teacup in my hand smells of warmth and cinnamon. The tree
The Gift of Presence. (Source
The Myth of the Caregiver Superhero. When you're in the throes of family caregiving and experiencing personal disappointment because you're not living up to your own superhero expectations, remember
12 Days of Winter Meditations. What are the gifts inside of you that you can share? For more from Maria Rodale, visit www.mariasfarmcountrykitchen.com Let's
Collage. I found his naturalization papers and my grandmother's too. I am trying to figure out what to use in artwork, the next life
An Attitude of Gratitude. Whatever your motivation, whether it's feeling better right now, getting along more easily with others or achieving your goals with less wear and tear, gratitude appears to be worth considering as a strategy. Why not grab a pen and make a list; there's no time like the present!
How My Addiction Helps Me Win and May Eventually Kill Me. The problem with work addiction is that many applaud the addict instead of asking if he or she needs help. This applause is the greatest high in the world and makes the addict work harder. This can be deadly.
Reach to Your Peripheral. Reaching out to your peripheral each day is the real way to slow the effects of aging for that day, that moment. The next time you're feeling your best days are behind you, try reaching out to your physical and mental limits.
Last Day at Grandma's. G Grandma and Grandpa moved in here before they were Grandma and Grandpa, when they were still Mom and Dad. They were in
Everyone We Meet Is Simply a Mirror. What do you do when the world seems to be working hard to bring you down, show you you're not good enough and make you feel like crap? Take responsibility and look inward.
A Multi-Faceted Approach Is Needed to Fight Infectious Diseases. Infectious diseases impact more than our health. Annually, the United States spends more than $120 billion to treat communicable
How Do You Deal With Relatives Who Don't Understand Your Chronic Illness?. Even having one person in your life who supports you, educates themselves about your condition, learns about the medical choices you have to make and actively takes a role in caregiving for you is a major blessing. I'm lucky to have a handful of people in my life who understand my disease.
Enough With the Half-Assed Resolutions. Kicking off a new year with a clean slate and mounds of ambition is great. But when your New Year's resolutions are all corrective measures rooted in the woulda, shoulda, couldas of yesteryear, it's tough to be excited about them.
Can-Do. Unfortunately, efforts to stop the spread of these hospital born-and-bred mutants have focused so far on changing human behavior by reprogramming bedside caregivers.
As BMI Goes Up, So Do Health Costs. \Our findings suggest that excess fat is detrimental at any level,\ study researcher Dr. Truls \u00d8stbye, M.D., Ph.D., a professor
12 Days of Winter Meditations. With the solstice comes the return of light and the promise that for every dark moment there will be a bright one. Almost
12 Days of Winter Meditations. For more from Maria Rodale, visit www.mariasfarmcountrykitchen.com It's Christmas Eve! People around the world are preparing
5 Common New Year's Resolution Mistakes and How to Fix Them. Many of us compose a list of New Year's resolutions that is longer than our child's list to Santa. New Year's resolutions are not bucket lists, they're statements of short-term intentions. Therefore, choose one or two items at most, and focus on completing those.
2013. \There are very few things that can move a whole country, when it comes to sleep,\ said Rogati. \Our data shows what literally
The Best And Worst Ways To Cope With Stress. The Best And Worst Ways To Cope With Stress originally appeared on Health.com By Lauren A. Greene More From Health.com
Get Fit In A Flash With This 7-Minute Workout. How it works
One-Word Resolution. When it comes down to it, choosing, using, and committing to your One Word in 2014 could be the best resolution you can make. If your spirit is healthy, you have lost the weight of words, and connecting to your One Word is a commitment to living your greatest life.
Melissa Vidal Lost 100 Pounds Without Dieting. For more on weight loss, click here. Name
Self-Affirmation Could Give People In Poverty Added Mental Boost, Study Suggests. In previous research, Zhao has found an association between poverty and having less mental \bandwidth\ to put toward other
Atrial Fibrillation Prevalence Has Increased Over The Last 30 Years, Study Finds. More than 33 million people around the world -- 0.5 percent of the population -- have the most common cause of irregular
Surviving the Holidays With Allergies. Seasonal allergies don't need to ruin your holiday season. Being prepared and taking precaution can go a long way in the fight against your allergies.
The 5 Spices Of Christmas. Rosemary That spice blend in your cookies or cakes, the topping to your hot, seasonal beverage -- although they add flavor
Are We Wired To Want Stuff?. So when our kids seem greedy or materialistic at this time of year, it doesn't mean that we've failed to instill good values
Theories Abound to Age-Old Question. There is not one answer.  But everyone does it.  It's as natural as breathing, and just as much of an involuntary activity -- even people who don't remember dreaming actually do, for at least one to two hours every night.
New Details on Caffeine's Sleep-Disrupting Effects. These new findings provide us with some really important specifics about just how significantly late-in-the-day caffeine can undermine a good night's sleep. Want to enjoy your coffee without wrecking your sleep? Follow these basic suggestions for consuming caffeine in a sleep-friendly way.
How To Reduce Damage From A Week Of Too Much Eating And Too Little Exercise. \Our research demonstrates that a short period of overconsumption and reduced physical activity leads to very profound negative
Beat the Holiday Blahs With These 5 Mood-Boosting Foods. For most of us, optimal mood begins with the right foods. These mood-boosting foods can subtly but powerfully brighten your outlook, reduce stress, and boost feel-good hormones to help you not only cope but thrive during the hectic holiday season and beyond.
5 Healthier Takes On Your Favorite Christmas Breakfasts. Cinnamon Rolls Despite cinnamon's many health benefits, you're not going to find much at the Cinnabon counter that stands
3 Stress-Busters That Will Help You Keep A Jolly Attitude This Holiday. By Beth Ricanati, M.D. for YouBeauty.com I know what you're thinking. I'm breathing all the time. Well, yes, of course you're
Why Giving Freely Is the Answer to Holiday Stress (Regardless of Your Budget). So when you feel the stress of loneliness and longing, turn your attention to where you can give next. Let the light in. Let your light out. You'll see there are cracks in everything.
Inspired By A Tragedy, Julie Real Lost 104 Pounds For Her Family. After Weight
Women, Sleep Apnea and Heart Health. This study is the latest in a growing body of research that points to the sleep-related health risks that women may face. We've seen other evidence that suggests women are at higher risk than men for cardiovascular problems associated with poor sleep.
22 Healthy Holiday Party Crock-Pot Recipes. Hosting a holiday party this year? Between hanging festive decorations, stocking up on booze and cleaning the house, you've
A 15-Minute Workout You Can Do Anywhere. We know how it goes. Every year, no matter how committed you are around say, October, at some point during the holiday season
Our Powerful and Fragile Attention. What if I told you that the way we are talking about attention is part of the problem?  Our conversation about distraction, multitasking, and the stern command to focus, actually creates a level of stress, anxiety, and shame.
The Difference. These three steps are essential to transforming simple time off, holidays and vacations into meaningful life balance for doctors and other busy people.
Obese Children Have Higher Cortisol Stress Hormone Levels. \We were surprised to find obese children, as young as age 8, already had elevated cortisol levels,\ study researcher Dr
Insomnia Symptoms Raise Mortality Risk. With our busy lives, it can be tempting to shrug off -- or ignore altogether -- difficulties with sleep. Trouble falling asleep, difficulty staying asleep throughout the night, waking feeling tired and unrefreshed
The Social Impact of Food Allergies. The feeling of being bullied and stigmatized does not end as children age into adults
At the Bedside. My New Year's wish for all of us is that we mindfully and consciously live in our moments. But what if our greatest and most cherished bedside moments will happen on a Monday morning or in the winter or during our work life. What if our purpose and the difference we will make occurs during those moments?
Why We Believe In The Virgin Birth. By Tia Ghose, Staff Writer Published
The 5-Minute Resolution. Simply identify one new healthy habit that you will commit to doing five minutes every day. Maybe you will spend five minutes every day planning your meals so that you eat healthier. Or how about moving from not having an exercise routine to doing jumping jacks every day for five minutes?
10 Steps You Should Take Now to Protect Your Health in 2014. You need to take charge of your medical care now more than ever. If you do this well, you will have confidence in the future. Letting things just happen around you may lead to bad decisions, serious undiagnosed illness, suffering, disability, and sometimes even death.
Good News on the Alzheimer's Prevention Front. If you're like most of the people surveyed in a recent poll revealed by AARP, you're concerned about getting Alzheimer's disease. If so, then you're probably ready for some good news about keeping your brain sharp as you age.
'Tis the Season to Be... Lonely. This is not to say that the spirit of Christmas in Tucson is any closer to the Biblical basics. Nor is it any less \festive\ than the commercialized version Charlie Brown was so upset about. It's just... different.
What Is Life Like With an Eating Disorder? Watch This to See. If you're struggling with an eating disorder, call the National Eating Disorder Association hotline at 1-800-931-2237. But
Momentum for the New Year. Amy Wisdom
Bad Friendfluence. Do you feel energized and full of good ideas after being with your friends? If a friend doesn't support your identity, then the two of you aren't connecting in an authentic way. She might be deflating your confidence as a result and leaving you feeling unsettled rather than recharged.
Honor Yourself and Be of Greater Service to Everyone and Everything. You should absolutely be 100 percent grateful for everything you have in your life, but that doesn't mean you can't desire something completely different, or take steps to make changes in your life.
7 Ways to Keep Your Sanity When You Live With Toxic People. Living with toxic people can drain your energy, and they can make you sick. How? By transferring their negative energy to you. If you can't move out, don't worry. You can keep your sanity and thrive. But it will take determination on your part.
The Top 3 Excuses for Not Meditating and How to Avoid Them. \I can't block out the noise around me, or the issues that bother me.\ That's fine, then don't try to block them out.  In fact, don't try at all, just do it.  Sit and breathe and focus on the distraction so you address the issue rather than give it back burner status so it rears its ugly head again.
4 Essential Yet Overlooked Facts About Your Brain and Your Health. In short, our brains and minds are far from set in stone due to genetics or age. Education, lifestyle, brain training and decisions under our control matter as much as our genetic inheritance in the trajectory of our mental capacity over time.
The Sustaining Weave of Small Gestures. Small gestures matter. The light supports and helps get us through, however small the flame. Many small flames make a fire. Many threads weave strong fabric.
The Protagonist. When you are a supporting character of your own life and you let others be the protagonist, you'll look back and see that there is nothing left. But when you take ownership and be grateful in your own skin and lead with the giving heart, then you are THE protagonist of your own life. Your feet will be grounded.
Message to the ADHD Medical Community. Professionals know that there is no magic formula for \fixing\ ADHD, and that active management is key for long-term success. Let's share that little secret with parents, shall we? The futures of their children are at stake.
Practice Empathy for Better Relationships at Work and Home. The ability to listen empathically -- relating to and understanding the perspective, position and feelings of others -- is a tremendously important capability in both personal and professional relationships.
The Most Difficult Thing About Giving Up Junk Food. The people who have had hostile reactions to my diet -- despite my best attempts to stay under their radar -- are either overeaters or heavy drinkers, or both.  Once they fire a shot, I back away. Call me crazy. And while you're at it, color me healthy. And very happy.
What New England Can Teach The World About Living Well. Before the repeal of DOMA and the federal recognition of same-sex marriage, New England was a center for marriage equality
Social Running. Running isn't exactly a team sport. You don't depend on anyone but yourself to make it to the end and win. It's a solo sport, what I call reflective, because while running you're releasing your stress reducing chemicals and processing your day and what's bothering you.
A New Dimension to Christmas Leads to Year-Round Devotion. Their stories are, unfortunately, all too common. The fact they happened around Christmas is a reminder that heart disease can strike anyone at any time. So as you cherish the time you spend with your loved ones, please also be wary and take any symptoms seriously.
Rodney Yee and Colleen Saidman Yee on Finding Your Inner Yoga. The gift of yoga, explain renowned yoga teachers Rodney Yee and Colleen Saidman Yee in this interview, is that whatever perceived limits we may hold of ourselves, there's an infinite amount of space to explore within.
Are You Enjoying the Chaos Yet?. If it's true that chaos and adversity are a part of life, then I want to use it for my growth, upliftment, and learning.  I want to enjoy the process of life.  I want to gain inner strength so I can deal with anything life brings me.
GPS Guide. When the house guests and dinner prep start to get overwhelming, one of the best things you can do for yourself this time
Vitamin and Mineral Supplements Are Not a Waste of Money. The editorial appears to be biased and to lack scholarship, as it is based on selective reporting and a superficial analysis of the vast and complex body research on the health effects of nutritional supplements.
Elaine Stritch, Murali Doraiswamy Share The Simple Secret Of Happiness. Adopting a positive mindset -- especially when it comes to aging -- can make a huge difference when it comes to finding meaning
Preventive Dental Care Increased Over Last 10 Years, But Gaps Still Remain. Smokers were also found to be less likely than non-smokers to receive preventive dental care. Researchers found that more
Be Less Stupid. \u2022 Finally, advances in the technology that make your car go are also more prone to failure than long tested less technologically
How To Take What Makes This Season Great And Apply It To The Rest Of The Year. Research has shown that those who didn't deprive themselves when it came to cravings managed to stay on track with dieting
12 Days of Winter Meditations. Snow is a reminder just to simply enjoy the peaceful quietude. No matter where you live, winter is generally epitomized by
What Santa Claus Can Teach The Rest Of Us About Living Well. He doesn't have a sitting job. We sit too much. Way too much. According to one estimate, Americans, on average, spend 15.5
Why A New Year's Theme Works Better Than A Resolution. Theme
12 Days of Winter Meditations. This past summer I did a series of blog posts we called My 14 Days of Summer, A Meditation. People seemed to like it, so
12 Days of Winter Meditations. For more from Maria Rodale, visit www.mariasfarmcountrykitchen.com Today just happens to be the darkest day of the year, the
Where the Snow Begins. During his last year, my father suffered four strokes and a heart attack. We watched him be yanked back and forth between life and death. This piece was written during this time.
Of Skin and Kin at Christmas. How misleading our superficial differences! How right we are to think of a human family, and indeed, an extended family in which all of our planetary cohabitants are cousins, at one remove or another.
Unfortunately, No. \Unfortunately\ seems to be a key word in the rejection business. It often leads the most torturous denials, the ones that make judgments about my malleable core, the ones that critique my creativity, editing choices or talent. Now, here's the good part. If you fail, you're in good company.
Forgiveness. Whether we're doing the forgiving -- or gifting forgiveness to others -- is ultimately hard to tell. But in either case, gifting forgiveness is quite the miracle. It prepares a path for peace,  happiness and rest for our souls.
Tomato-Rich Diet Could Help Protect Against Breast Cancer, Small Study Suggests. Tomatoes could help boost levels of a hormone that plays an important role in sugar and fat metabolism, a small new study
How the Official Psychiatric Guidebook Deals With the Internet. The diagnostic criteria for Internet gaming disorder describe individuals who play compulsively, to the point where online gaming becomes the dominant focus of their life and all other interests or needs are ignored.
Fascinating Insight Into Why Dogs Find Some Toys Boring. If you need to leave your dog alone, he'll be happiest with treat-release puzzle toys, toys that can be chewed, make noise, or are edible (like a dental bone). If your dog tends to chew up and swallow anything he can put in his mouth, I don't recommend leaving him with a toy or bone unsupervised.
Some People Call It 'The Best Anti-Smoking Ad Ever.' After Watching, I Might Be One Of Them.. Almost all smokers know cigarettes are bad for them. Read more on www.upworthy.com
Some People Call It 'The Best Anti-Smoking Ad Ever.' After Watching, I Might Be One Of Them.. Almost all smokers know cigarettes are bad for them. Read more on www.upworthy.com
End Self-Sabotage and Welcome Joy in the New Year. Say good-bye to your former self and thank him or her for all you have learned. Welcome your BEST self in the new year and watch your dreams come to fruition!
Putting Sleep First. Not getting enough sleep can derail, disrupt and imbalance. I can't tell you how often a patient comes to me complaining about one problem or another and after fixing her sleep, five to 10 of the other problems she never even associated with lack of sleep (not so) magically go away.
The 5 Worst Things You're Doing to Yourself This Holiday Season. Yes, it's an incredibly busy time, and can be physically, emotionally and spiritually draining. But if you view the time from now through the new year as a series of brief sprints with a whole lot of walking in between, you might actually enjoy it.
Why 2013 Was The Year Of The (Non) Apology. As for the \u201cpolitical correctness police,\u201d well, I\u2019m happy they got me. It sucks to think I may have lost a small measure
Holiday Magic. There's just no denying the reality of the saying, \this too shall pass.\ Still, just because something will end doesn't make it any less valuable.  Indeed, knowing that a beautiful moment is temporary can actually heighten its preciousness and create an enduring imprint of pleasure on your brain.
The Good Enough Meditation. Similarly to psychotherapy, meditation is an ongoing process; this is precisely why it's called a \practice.\  (Nope -- there is no getting around that aspect!)  Like practicing the piano, one doesn't sit down, practice 10 times, and emerge a concert-ready pianist, ready to grace Carnegie Hall.
Rules for Grieving in the New Year -- Or Grieving Like It's 1999. After the barrage of federal and religious holidays plaguing the fall and winter seasons, many of us dealing with grief are wiped out. So, as I have fended off yet another Christmas mall elf and set my kinara, I've decided next year I will choose to grieve better.
Cheap, Thoughtful and Healthy. You may be running out of time, but you are not out of luck. Drugstores (yes, drugstores) are a goldmine for small, but impactful gifts for everyone on your list.
We Tried It. There were riders of all fitness backgrounds in our class -- even one very visibly pregnant woman. Indoor cycling requires some basic cardio fitness, but since you control your bike's resistance and your cadence, ultimately it's a highly-scalable workout.
People With High Diabetes Risk Could Lower Heart Risks By Walking More Each Day. In other words, a person who walked 2,000 steps more than another person at the start of the study had a 10 percent lower
Helping to Make Free Rehab a Reality. At 23, Burns turned her life around, getting sober and beginning to build her career as a computer program manager at defense
Unreal Eats. We don't mean to vilify Dunkin' Donuts -- Starbucks, Jamba Juice and Argo Tea, among others -- are just as sugary in their
Staying on the Holiday Fitness Track. It sounds basic, but the inference is very meaningful. The most successful people at my gym aren't perfect. They often come dragging in, exuding the \Idontwannabehere\ essence. But bloated and bleary-eyed, they proceed in spite of the puff. They show up. They get right back on track.
For Young People Addicted to Painkillers, the Path Less Taken -- Why?. While no one treatment approach is right for every teen, it is clinically sensible -- but not easy -- to find comprehensive care. We tell families to look for three things.
Running In Winter? Snow Problem! 20 Must-Have Items For Cold-Weather Running. Hats and Headwarmers \u00a0 Warm tights are crucial for winter training, especially on longer runs that keep you out in the cold
Overweight Men May Have Poorer Quality Of Sperm. Just this October, Harvard researchers found that processed meat intake seems to be associated with decreased semen quality
Yes, You Can Sleep More And Still Be Successful. I'm putting my foot down -- you don't have to get up at 5 a.m. to be successful and productive. Read more on entrepreneur.com
Outsmart Your Brain. How can we use this understanding of fear to help us tackle our biggest challenges? Luckily, very effective tools for facing fear have been developed to help treat individuals who suffer from too much fear (like certain types of anxiety disorders).
7 Sweet Holiday Mindfulness Tips From Charlie Brown and Crew. It's so terribly easy to judge yourself as not good enough. It can ruin your holidays. Instead, can you pause, pay attention to what you're saying about your experiences? What if you take one minute to breathe? Just find your breath. Then ask yourself, \What's really true?\
A Mentor Is a Shortcut. I have had some intense and transforming mentor sessions this week. That has led me to think about how much easier things get with the right helpers at hand.
From Mayhem to Mindful. So, it is with this mind-set that I sat and listened intently to Thich Nhat Hahn as he and his group of monastics, Buddhist
Drink Less, Eat Better. Easy and quantifiable commitments like daily flossing, eating an extra green vegetable or doing 10 push-ups is realistic and likely to lead to better habits. On the flip side, resolutions like \eating healthier\ or \drinking less\ won't stick for long.
In A World Of Constant Digital Distractions, These Tools Can Help You Stay Focused And Be More Present. Here are 11 digital tools to boost your focus. Higby will be available for iPhone from Wolff Olins in 2014. \Those of us
6 Research-Backed Tricks That Will Help You Have A Happier Holiday. Finally, remember that happiness is contagious
Is There Truth To The New Book 'Grain Brain'?. When a person advocates radical change on the order of eliminating one of the three macronutrient groups from our diets, the
Here's A Depressing Fact About People Who Don't Sleep Enough. Getting enough sleep is a luxury many Americans can't afford. Nearly half of people in households making less than $30,000
Cinnamon Sparks Spicy Debate Between Danish Bakers And Food Authorities. It's a case of sugar and spice and all things not-so-nice in Denmark where cinnamon-gate is pitting Danish food authorities
7 Ways to Experience the Often-Elusive Joy of Christmas. This can lead to a lot of guilt when you don't feel that you're living up to the ideals you have in your head or when you do live up to those standards but feel miserable while doing so and then feel even worse because you're supposed to feel jolly.
Inside 2013's Health Care Trends (And Why They Matter). Health care is perhaps the most important service we consume. Our lives literally depend on it, every day. But how much do we really know about our own relationship with the health care system?
After Conquering A Fear Of The Gym, Hank Hanna Lost 105 Pounds And Completed A Half Ironman. Check out more of our inspiring weight loss stories below
Paying Attention to Protect Us. After spending a day providing mindfulness training for U.S. Customs and Boarder Protection officers at a major U.S. port of entry, I see that having a safe port is a privilege and an honor, and those who keep our ports safe deserve our gratitude, support and respect.
5 Resilience Traits We Can All Learn from Nelson Mandela. While Mandela swam through treacherous, shark-ridden waters, many times against the tide, he knew where he was headed. And he never stopped swimming.
The Most Popular Kinds Of Psychotherapy -- And Why You Should Try One. Term Of Treatment
The Holidays Are Coming up and Celebrities Diet Just Like Us. Celebrity weight loss stories are called out as destructive and anti-feminist. And yet, there's something refreshing -- and, perhaps, even healthy -- about those celebrities who publicly discuss their ups and downs.
Tackling A Racial Gap In Breast Cancer Survival. Like many other African-American women in Memphis and around the country, Ms. Reid learned about her breast cancer after
20 Things You Probably Didn't Know About Your Eyes. Think of an eye as a house with two rooms. There's the foyer and the back room. The foyer, a.k.a. the anterior chamber, is
A Blogger's Pain, Aquatic and Massage Solutions, and a Tweet Victory for Long-Form Journalism in Playboy. I had to get me some, so I sought out licensed massage therapist Anna Khojanklang to talk about my hamstring problem and
Who Needs Braces? Socially-Necessary vs. Medically-Necessary Treatment. Unlike treating a disease with a known cause and having the ability to select a therapy that cures that disease, orthodontics is limited to managing the irregularity of teeth.  In simple terms, we orthodontists are able to straighten your teeth, but we really have little idea how or why they went crooked in the first place.
10 Reasons to Practice Yoga During the Holidays. Don't start your year with guilt and regret over resolutions that you won't keep. Let continuing to practice yoga over the holidays be your New Year's resolution. That's what Santa would want for you.
Healing the Ghosts of Christmases Past. Shaped like my father by the American mythos that the past is something best left behind, I fled home as fast and as quickly as I could. But as Dickens so well knew, family ghosts have a way of haunting the present.
The True Santa Is Within Every One of Us. True generosity is giving without any thought of getting or receiving. It is unconditional, unattached, free to land wherever it will. Through giving and sharing in this way, we soon find that we do not lose anything. We do not have any less. Rather, we gain so much.
Is Your Relationship Mathematically Sound? 8 Tips to Making It Healthier. What follows are two mathematical equations
'Tis the Season of Intention. We're deep in the season of wishing right now. I don't want to take away from that, but I want to add to it. This can also be the season of intention. I will call my sister twice a week this year. I will cook more at home. I will bike to work.
Connecting Through Food During the Festive Season and Beyond. Tis the season to give back. Lets embrace it beyond the season, and seek every opportunity to give a little of our selves by creating a welcoming setting and cooking a meal that makes us remember our favorite food experience as a child.
Indio High School To Test Students For Tuberculosis. Students were to have their test results evaluated on Monday. Tuberculosis was once the leading cause of death in the United
Postcards From Lebanon. \Over the river, and through the woods...\ (Lydia Maria Child) Yes, this is the season of giving, and I, along with the thousands
Is Your Life on Purpose?. It has occurred to me that many people seem to be devoid of entertaining the idea of having a life purpose. I'm talking about what each of us are here to do -- to make a difference.
Rescue a Pet and Let a Pet Rescue You. Pet ownership provides ample opportunities for physical and psychological development. As you continue to guide and train your dog or cat, you might just pick up some worthwhile life knowledge in your own regard.
How Your Favorite Winter Scents Can Also Benefit Your Wellness. Take some time to celebrate the first official day of winter on Saturday, December 21 with these calming, seasonal scents
Holiday Slip 'n Falls. In the name of this efficiency I decided to brew my morning coffee one day last week right in the bathroom, to get that jolt of caffeine at the earliest possible moment. I had my little pot all set up on the edge of the sink. It would brew while I took my bath. Brilliant! I thought.
Inventing New Year's Resolutions You Can Actually Keep. I prioritize the promises I make to myself each year, and force myself to exercise both discipline and passion to see them through.
Even Liars Tell The Truth About Lying, Study Finds. The researchers asked some of the students to play games for a cash reward. Lying could earn them extra money. But they did
Heart Benefits Of Losing Weight May Depend On Whether The Pounds Stay Off. Additionally, at the 12 months follow-up, 167 women had lost at least 10 percent of their initial body weight. The authors
5 Kettlebell Exercises For Beginners (VIDEO). By Life by DailyBurn Not sure how to get started with kettlebell training? These weighted bells might be intimidating at
9 Ways Your Body Is Trying to Tell You That Your Diet Stinks. In an attempt to indicate that something is not right, the body usually sends a variety of warning signs, which we tend to dismiss faster than a 6 a.m. morning alarm. More often than not, we snooze these alarms with some sort of medication or quick fix, without thinking twice about the root of the problem.
Genetic Variant Linked To Stress Could Also Play Role In Heart Attack Risk. Researchers at Duke University found that people with heart disease who carried this particular genetic variant had a 38
Do Your Selfie a Favor. Is this a magic cure? Maybe not. But, taken together these steps may help you feel more like the real you, worthy of taking a new selfie in your mind's eye.
You've Been Taking Breaks All Wrong. Here's How To Do It Right.. You may not notice a difference immediately, but research has shown that over time, cultivating mindfulness is correlated
Soup's On!. I would make Kim the first and only member of the Soup of the Month Club. I would make a palm-sized accordion book, with fold over pockets for every month, each with a named soup card. Then as the months rolled around, I would make and deliver to her front door the soup du jour and other accoutrements.
The Express Lunchtime Workout. You just need 23 minutes to get toned at the gym. We show you how.
Slipping Into Your Holiday Genes. Get out there and randomly, anonymously gift people you don't know. Then sit down and really think about what you can do to give of yourself to family and friends. Their deep gratitude will fill you with endless joy, as you slip into your holiday genes -- all year long.
Good News About Life Expectancy For Young Americans With HIV. Based on these increases in life expectancy, the researchers calculated that \a 20-year-old individual on ART today in the
Behind The Clown Shoe That's Changing Minimalist Running. In 2010, a French adventure racer named Nicolas Mermoud approached Karl Meltzer, the accomplished American ultrarunner, and
5 New Ways to Journal in the New Year. Let's make this the year where we take journaling to a whole new plane of existence. Let's make the journaling about not only celebrating what we are grateful for that nature, the universe, and other people provide for us, but also acknowledging and celebrating the good we have done as well.
Vitamins vs. Whole Foods. Some big news about vitamins not working -- and even causing harm -- has been all over the airways recently, so I reached out to T. Colin Campbell, author of the new bestseller Whole
Discover The Seasonal Spirit Right Outside Your Doorstep (PHOTOS). The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
5 Ways to Make Christmas Magic. 4) Laugh. A lot. Find things that crack you up from movies to your favorite YouTube videos like my Aunt Jean Saves Christmas
Value-Based Insurance. AN UNWELCOME SURPRISE \A belief that supply-side-only programs will be the answer to all our problems is crazy,\ said Dr
What Christmas Means to Me. In this lifetime, I have learned that Christmas magic is\u00a0powerful, but the power in our hearts is even more magical.\u00a0\u00a0Our ability to love one another, to renew our faith and bring hope into our lives and the lives of others, are the greatest of gifts to bestow and receive.
Anger Disorders, Inflammation May Be Linked. Animal studies have shown that introducing similar inflammatory proteins into the brains of cats and mice increase their
RC Stabile Lost 85 Pounds And Became A Spinning Instructor. For more on weight loss, click here. Breaking Point
What Pittsburgh Can Teach The Rest Of The Country About Living Well. Pittsburgh is a reading capital. Pittsburgh is full of bookworms. According to Amazon.com's third annual ranking of the most
Dear 'Hot Mom' and 'Curvy Mom'. Posting a picture of a fit woman with three kids in and of itself is not body shaming at all. Posting a picture of a beautiful woman who is brave enough to wear lingerie should be empowering... But both of their words make their movements obsolete. That is the real \shame\ of this.
All the Wrong Stuff. Today I have made a career out of my highly sensitiveness, the introvert, the freedom seeker, my spiritual depth, my humor
How Our Faith in Supermarkets, Nurses and Pharmacists Can Drive Health. The most significant health reform for people in the immediate term will happen at home, in our families and local communities.
What Your Emotional Health Has in Common With Cinderella. You can prioritize your emotional health as much as you do your physical and dental health. You can monitor your mood and self-esteem and take actions to boost them when they are low. And by doing these things, you can significantly boost your emotional wellness, your happiness and your overall life satisfaction.
Writing Is Like Sex. Just as you cannot become adept at making love by thinking about it, you will not be successful as a writer by allowing your thoughts and feelings about writing to stand in for the writing practice itself.
Unplugging Challenge Aims To Have Users Disconnect For An Entire Week (VIDEO). \When you are starting to get anxious about it as the vacation or challenge comes to a close, you have to use these very
Why Do We Heed Celebrity Health Advice?. Researchers from McMaster University and the Harvard School of Public Health examined studies published from 1806 to today
An Apple A Day To Keep Strokes And Heart Attack Away?. They estimated that an additional 17.6 million adults would then take a statin, based on their calculations, which would
Confessions From an Anxious Mind. Why is the human mind so good at pointing out all of the opportunities for failure? Is it a mean-spirited organ, hell-bent on creating emotional pain? The answer to that rhetorical question is of course no (although there are moments when it couldn't feel more true).
Think of It as a Happy Meal. Do you ever feel like a hog, fat, guilty, ugly, gross, regretful after eating something unhealthy? So do Slim Peace DC participants
My Heart Attack Taught Me to Slow Down. I thought I had things in balance while my kids were growing up.  I was home for dinner, helped with homework, took weekend trips to museums and sporting events.  If anything, my heart attack in '89 showed me that I didn't have things quite as balanced as I thought.
The Best Viral Video Workouts Of 2013. Sometimes a workout gets popular because it's just so good. Other times, a workout gets popular because it's just too good
Selfies and Yoga. The strong response to the photo reflects the nation's ambivalence about our collective obsession with taking pictures of ourselves in order to record every moment of our lives. What ever happened to being present?
At the Top of My Lungs. Harlan and I were just learning how to be married when I was diagnosed with lung cancer.  Since January we have lived in the shadow of my illness, and it was starting to define us.  We needed to see our marriage and ourselves in a new light.
Nature's Winter Solstice Message. This is my prayer for winter solstice 2013
Cookie Monster Is Real -- And 10 Other Weight Loss Truths. I stopped treating fried chicken as a basic food group, and discovered that my legs can move very fast in a forward motion if I will them to do so. It was not magic.
How We Use Social Networking and Why. My main objective in writing these last two blogs has been to share some insights that might be useful as guides for all those men and women who use social networking. Its popularity notwithstanding, as a clinician I've heard more than a few stories of people who felt burned by their encounters on the Internet.
State of the World Got You Down? How to Find Peace in a Seemingly Out-of-Control World. Even more importantly, when we spin out in fear and sadness, we do nothing to effectively help our planet or the people we
Coping With Shame. It is time that we silence the voices in our heads that tell us we are not good enough, and it is time we start shouting the phrase
The Power of A Christmas Carol. Compassion and caring are hardwired in us, as evidenced by mirror neurons lighting up when we witness suffering. Miserly
Hotels Amp Up Sleep Offerings For 'Wired And Tired' Guests. About two-thirds of Americans say they do not get enough sleep during the week, with most saying they need 7.5 hours to feel
Don Jon. The act of making love can bring deeper experiences of joy, vulnerability, openness, trust, and connectedness within oneself
What Do You Want to Manifest in the Coming Year?. The joy of relationships is to be able to connect from the heart and share love -- with a partner, parents, children and friends. If this is not your experience, then you might want to consider doing some inner work in the coming year.
In Step Toward Curing Blindness, Scientists Inkjet-Print Eye Cells. The 10 Weirdest Things Created By 3D Printing 5 Crazy Technologies That Are Revolutionizing Biotech Biomimicry
The Days Of The Week You're Most Productive. The study was based on surveys of more than 300 HR managers at U.S. companies with 20 or more employees. Originally published
5 Christmas Cookies For Every Diet. Nut Free Thumbprints are so often nut-butter-based, so people with allergies will love this cocoa version of the holiday
There's No Crying for Cancer Caregivers. Almost immediately after I got the news, I made it crystal clear to my family that they were not to shed a tear -- at least not with me in the room. In reflecting on these questions, three examples of when my one and only rule was broken come to mind.
Health Literacy. Americans are fortunate to have access to some of the best health care in the world, but each time we ignore the opportunity to establish thoughtful, effective communication among all our health-related entities and the people and communities they serve, everyone loses.
Obama's Selfie Moment. That Obama selfie was, in fact, nothing more than a moment of playful bonding among world leaders under tremendous pressure. It portrayed a needed sense of unity among allies that no formal portrait in the White House could capture. There was really nothing wrong with it.
Not Worried This Time. Sometimes I feel like I have the worst luck and can be a pessimist, but this really turned my world upside-down. I feel so positive, and after beating cancer, and then becoming pregnant, I feel like I know the purpose of my life.
2 Proven Ways to Conquer the Pain of Heartbreak. When painful thoughts or emotions arise, notice them without judgment, allow them to be present, and send love and kindness to yourself.
How to Get Exactly What You Desire Without Changing a Thing. Every single moment we're presented with an opportunity to choose what we want. We have the power to create the life we desire, without having to change a single thing in ourselves, relationships or environment. It's really pretty amazing!
In Defence of Chocolate. Do you love chocolate as much as I do? I've found that when I do my chocolate tasting thing and engage each of my five senses without any of the guilt, the experience is much more enjoyable. Are you willing to try and find out how much more enjoyable that feels?
Change One Thing and Everything Changes. Everyone seemed to make eye contact and smile in passing. More doors seemed to be held, more patience behind the wheel, more assistance offered for a multitude of little things. Everyone seemed enlarged, elevated, more filled with love than fear. I will call this the Mandela Effect.
A Portrait of Our Awakening Mind. Our awakening mind is a process. There is no finish line, although we can rest along the way. There are few signposts of progress and fewer real guides to let us know we have reached a place worthy to be called awakening, no less awakened.
'Dog Dust' Could Protect Against Allergies, Asthma By Changing Gut Bacteria. Past research has shown that exposure to pets, particularly dogs, during infancy may prevent people from developing allergies
Famous Writers' Sleep Habits vs. Literary Productivity, Visualized. \In both writing and sleeping,\ Stephen King observed in his excellent meditation on the art of \creative sleep\ and wakeful
BUY TICKETS. Chart a course to a new definition of success! The current model is just not working . . . it\u2019s time to create a new definition
Our Unplugging Challenge. With the holidays almost here, Cindi Leive, Mika Brzezinski and I have decided that there is no better time to unplug, recharge and renew ourselves in time for the new year. And what better way to do that than by unplugging and disconnecting from all our devices? Big Data, unfettered information, the ability to be in constant contact and our growing reliance on technology are all conspiring to create a noisy traffic jam between us and our place of insight and peace. So Cindi, Mika and I agreed we needed to go beyond our usual, day-to-day vows to take time away from our devices. We wanted to do something bigger. From Monday, Dec. 23, through Sunday, Dec. 29, we'll be taking time away from TV, social media and email -- and we hope you'll join us.
6 Tricks To Keep Happy And Carry On. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Scientists Prove MERS Virus Also Infects Camels. The study, published in the Lancet Infectious Diseases journal on Tuesday, confirms preliminary findings released by Qatari
12 Weight Loss Resolutions You Shouldn't Make. Instead
Paleo Diet Tops Most Googled Diets Of 2013. The diet also caused waves after Ashton Kutcher revealed that his all-fruit regimen -- his weight loss strategy to play the
How to Expand Time. Paradoxically, the secret to speeding up and getting more done is simply to slow down. I'm not saying you should renounce the world and meditate all day -- but I am suggesting that you clear space to access your inner power.
6 Medical Tips On Choosing HPV Vaccination For Your Daughter Or Son (Or Not). No one wants to talk about it, but HPV (human papilloma virus) is common, sexually-transmitted, and can cause suffering and reduced quality of life. This is serious stuff, and you should take a moment to think about it now.
Looking for Answers. The news that sleep may have played a role in New York's Metro-North train derailment is a terrible reminder that sleep isn't just a personal health issue -- it is also a matter of public safety, when it comes to the rest of people who we entrust with others' lives.
The Most Popular Workouts Of 2013. It was a fast-paced year in the world of fitness. There's no denying the breakout starpower of the HIIT workout, with exercisers
Did You Know That Healthy Oils Don't Stop With Olive?. Try adding a variety of oils to your diet to boost health and vitality.  Keep in mind not all oils are made equal and each use be used according to their cooking methods listed above.  Remember, there is no one miracle oil.
Cancer and the Mindset of Healing. I remember that the morning after my own diagnosis
Tips for Breakups, Heartaches and Sadness. The heart is precious. Love is our most vulnerable, tender temple of self. When we are wounded, heartbroken, disappointed or sad it is crucial that we go the extra mile to treat ourselves with upmost respect.
Why Celebrities Go Vegan. Whatever your reasons for following or considering a vegan diet, you can probably find inspiration and ideas from coverage of the celebrities' practices.
Google Data Reveals Most-Searched Health Issues Of 2013. Here's your chance to be nosy and see what health issues people searched for the most this past year. Google has released
Addressing the ADD/ADHD 'Epidemic'. Several supplements can help reduce ADD/ADHD behavior. Some people with these conditions show deficiencies in minerals like
5 New Year's Financial Resolutions You Should Be Making. New Year's Financial Resolution #3
Does Chewing Gum Make Migraine Headaches Worse For Teens?. Researchers noted that one previous study suggests gum-chewing can lead to headaches because of stress placed on the temporomandibular
Holiday Survival Guide. It is perfectly OK to indulge on occasion, sans the guilt, without gaining weight. The trick is to enjoy what you are eating, and to eat mindfully while avoiding overindulging and gaining weight in the process.
Claims Of 'Virgin Births' In U.S. Highlight Pitfalls Of Self-Reported Data. By Sharon Begley For the study of putative virgin pregnancies, researchers at the University of North Carolina at Chapel
From Chaos to Transcending Purpose. Winston
How Heart Rate Is Related to Fitness and Longevity. Any of you who take up regular aerobic exercise will notice that your resting pulse rate will drop over time -- meaning that your heart does not have to work as hard and beat as many times per minute to get nutrients and oxygen distributed to all of your body.
17 Things You Want To Say During Yoga Class, But Don't. The frizz helps you balance, right? 11. When you return to upward dog after an especially difficult flow
6 Spiritual Tips for Staying Sane Through the Holidays. The holidays are more than just Santa Claus and menorahs. The holidays are about finding your center in the eye of the storm, and the quickest means to that end is always gratitude.
Holiday Depression Can Be a Surprising Gift. But for some people, the weeks leading up to Christmas are the most painful of the year. Depression during the holidays is an all-too-common problem that turns the season into something to \get through\ rather than a celebration to savor.
The Life Out Loud. Naturally, Leela has faced her share of personal challenges on this journey. \I worried what would happen if people didn't
The Science Driving a Soda Tax. Passing taxes is never an easy proposition. Given the preponderance of science and research describing the damage liquid sugar is doing to our health and our communities, soda taxes offer an ideal platform to educate and engage voters in this critical public health issue.
What Do Your Smartphone and Your Health Insurer Have in Common?. Can your smartphone make your healthier? And, perhaps more interestingly, can your health insurer and your smartphone work together to make your healthier?
Transactional Love Reconsidered With Jaime. Before she arrives at my office on Wednesday evenings, rather than assessing the state of my scoliosis, I think about ideas or stories I want to tell her. We might discuss an essay or scene I am writing or fall into a conversation about love, deceit, or mutability. Increasingly our talks have become probing and intense, a high point of the week for me, and I think for her as well.
Practicing Gratitude. Even though Thanksgiving is over, we can still practice gratitude. How do you practice gratitude beyond Thanksgiving? I love
Throw A 'Healing Shower' For Your Loved One With Cancer (VIDEO). Laws said the battle for her health was made much brighter because friends committed to do things like administer her medication
32 Science-Backed Ways To Avoid Holiday Weight Gain. Avoiding holiday weight gain may sound as feasible as Santa fitting down billions of chimneys on Christmas Eve, but we promise
How To Stay Happy In The Winter. Lana Del Rey might have summertime sadness, but for most of us? It\u2019s December, with its brutal frigid temperatures and scarce
Namaste. Namaste New York is a concierge service that helps bring amazing yoga and wellness practitioners where they're needed. One
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (Dec. 13-19). Even momentarily concentrating on healthy solutions rewires psychological patterns to receive and share healthy sexual love in the present.  Here are three meditations with the themes of failure, fidelity, and forgiveness for you to ponder and practice this week.
4 Steps to Blast Through the Funky Funks. Whether it's after work, the weekends or a more cyclical monthly funky funk, it's important to make note of when it happens. Becoming aware of your patterns will help you create a plan of attack, or just allow you to avoid falling into the viscous cycle of wasting time and then feeling even worse after.
The American Heart Association -- Protecting Industry Not Patients. The American Heart Association (AHA) and the American College of Cardiology (ACC) recently released new cardiovascular disease prevention guidelines. They are an egregious example of much that is wrong with medicine today.
6 Important Muscles Exercisers Ignore. By Cristina Goyanes for Shape.com Being able to out-bike your boyfriend feels pretty damn good -- until later when you have
Today in the Mind of Tracey Durning. What do you know to be true? TD
Today in the Mind of Frances Cole Jones. What do you know to be true? FJ
Heidi Riess Learned Not To Attach Morality To Food And Lost 165 Pounds. Check out more of our inspiring weight loss stories below
Better Pain Management Is Essential for Reducing Addiction to Prescription Painkillers. Too many prescription painkillers are used when alternatives may work. Physicians need to be far more cautious about prescribing them. The NYC DOH and other public health agencies are right about this.  But there should be another dimension to their campaign.
Will the Ghost of Diets to Come Affect Our Eating Over the Holidays?. Perhaps if our society suddenly declared that we must eat frugally over the holidays and spend time in the gym rather than at parties, the excessive eating and drinking might end. But until that happens, if ever, the best way to get through the holidays is to enjoy them.
Advances in the Young Adult Cancer Movement. The AYA cancer patient advocate movement has gained tremendous momentum in the last few years. However, it is imperative that health professionals become invested and educated on the needs of this unique group of patients in order for their health-related needs to be met.
7 Stressed Animals Who Just Need A Hug Right Now. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Things Dark and Light. Without dark and light working together, we'd lose all depth perception and be lost in the flatness of the surface world. Living our story and working with dark and light helps us perceive depth.
Routine Tonsil Surgery Leaves Girl, 13, Brain Dead. The hospital announced in a statement that it will be going forward with an investigation but did not comment on the specifics
Why Countries Should Prioritize Measuring Happiness (VIDEO). The government surveys our income, spending and housing, but what about happiness? According to some experts, many societies
Huffington Issue 80. In this week's issue of Huffington magazine, we explore yoga's unusual journey in the U.S., as it traveled far from its roots
Multivitamins Don't Hold Any Health Benefit, Experts Say. However, the editorial authors noted that vitamin D supplementation, particularly for people who are deficient in the vitamin
Population Health. Unless we change behaviors and the environments people live and work in there will be limited impact on the economic burden a society and a community face. In other words, we can't afford to still primarily focus on medical care.
Experts Deride Research Suggesting Ear Acupuncture Can Aid Weight Loss. \The study lasted only eight weeks, which is not long when it comes to a long-term issue like being overweight,\ he said
Hands-On Care for a Dying Pet. Today I'd like to discuss the benefits of massage for terminally-ill pets. According to Dr. Narda Robinson, who oversees
Six Secrets to Raising a Child Like Malala. 4. Lead by example
6 Tips to Simplify Your Choices of Insurance on a Health Care Exchange. Everyone is questioning what type of insurance should they pick. And they not only are confused, they also have become angry and distressed. Some even get sick thinking about how to prevent sickness. Is this logical?
Manage Holiday Stress With Yoga and Meditation. The holidays are upon us and for many of us bring stress, tension and fatigue. Expectations can run high and we often find
3 Lessons to Eliminate Hardships. See every obstacle as an opportunity for personal growth. Close your eyes and take a deep breath. Allow reality to set in and understand not only the scope of what is happening but also the reasons behind it.
Fun Fast Workouts for Winter. As the weather gets colder and the days grow shorter, we have to get a little creative with our fitness routines -- so in this video I share my favorite workouts and tips on how to stay committed to exercising.
3 Keys for Achieving Any Goal That I Learned From My Thru-hike of the Appalachian Trail. The truth is, most big goals aren't accomplished in one fell swoop. Rather, they are accomplished little by little, step by step.
The Future of Personal Health Care Is Digital, Exciting and Almost Here. \This is the future of personal health care, filled with exciting options that are easier and better than what we've been doing. Because for all the conveniences and fun we get from the devices we carry, improving and saving lives may be their most important function.\
The 5 Rules Of Better, Deeper Sleep. By Nicole Catanese Rule #1
Why You Just Can't Help But Selfie. Despite its dictionary definition, which describes the selfie as \a photograph taken of oneself, typically with a smartphone
Live Your Own Life, Schmuck!. The key to happiness is in not caring what anyone else thinks of you on any level at all, and in not comparing your life to a dream, a fantasy, someone else's life or a perfect imaginary situation that you somehow insisted into your life as something that must be -- or all is lost.
Change Your Shoes and Let 'GIFTS' Guide You to Meaningful Success. Today, pause, take time to step away from your busyness, feel your inspirations, be compelled by your greatest intention, allow your gifts to rise. Write them down. Put them to \work!\
FDA Wants To Find Out Whether Antibacterial Soap Is Safe (VIDEO). Are antibacterial soaps and body washes safe and effective for long-term use? The Food and Drug Administration wants to find
Why I Am Grateful for Unfortunate Events. Thank you, broken radiator and thermostat, for giving me a feeling of gratitude, and a little bit of terror and indigestion, in my innards.
Vaccine For Glioblastoma Multiforme Brain Cancer Shows Promise In New Study. The patients in the Agenus study were treated once weekly for four weeks, followed by biweekly injections until the vaccine
Where Does Creativity Come From?. Although creative breakthroughs can be spontaneous, it helps if we open the door and assist the process.
'Quartered'/Weapons of Mass Distraction. You can follow Renate Stendhal on scene4.com and quotinggertrudestein.com. Quartered Into pieces life divided Cut up sliced
How to Keep an Eye Out for Signs of Alzheimer's During the Holidays. There is more family time spent during the holiday than during any other time of the year. Also, many times, if you have gone without seeing a loved one for several months, it can be easier to notice some of the signs and symptoms associated with Alzheimer's disease.
How Yoga Became A $27 Billion Industry -- And Reinvented American Spirituality. \u201cIn the West, there are streams where this authentic transmission from living masters to students still exists,\u201d Viniyoga
Ode to Betty. Betty is Pennsylvania \Dutch,\ which means she works hard, doesn't share too many feelings or talk too much, and doesn't
New Year's Resolutions Are Broken. Here are some tips on how to develop challenging, lasting and meaningful goals for 2014. Spoiler alert
Breakfast. In the mainstream nutrition world there's one thing you can always count on
Goodbye Mr. Chips. I felt proud that I was part of a great experience for him and that day; I didn't mind being 79, at all! The other day I
Russian Leukemia Patients. It's a bit awkward asking people to support our charity. Not that what we do is in any way controversial
10 Tips For Sleeping On Planes. Put soothing music on your IPod. Speak to your doctor ahead of time to discuss sleep aides. Be sure your flight is long enough
The Psychology Of Materialism, And Why It's Making You Unhappy. \Narcissists' desire for external validation fits well with our conception of materialistic values as extrinsic and focused
To My Next 30 Cancer-Free Years. I counted the days after cancer surgery until I could eat Cinnabon and wear my favorite yellow Adidas pants. I sometimes counted how much of my life was stolen by cancer, how far behind I was and how fast I'd have to catch up.
Top 5 Things You Must Do Before the End of the Year. As I think about what brings me the greatest satisfaction at the end of the year, it's pushing! And I am writing to you today to urge you to do one final push for your year. You really did think up some potent dreams at the beginning of this year, and some of them are still not fulfilled. What are you going to yell in your ear right now at the homestretch?
Unreal Eats. Unreal Eats is Healthy Living's original video series, where we go behind calorie counts and health claims to examine what's
7 More Reasons Hawaii Is The Healthiest State In America. Scientific studies show that the ocean has strong and varied affects on the human brain. HuffPost Hawaii's unscientific studies
Fitting Fitness in During the Busiest Time of the Year. Nothing's a time kill like holiday shopping. But that's no reason why you can't fit in exercise. If you don't have time for a run or spin class, lace up your running shoes anyway, and park far from a store entrance. Add a half hour to your shopping excursion and get your walk on.
Creating Resilience by Savoring the Gifts We Have Received. The brain is not wired for fast access to all those loving, special, tender, supportive moments that do come our way. Given this biological fact, we have to work to hold the good moments in our awareness and practice bringing them to mind.
People Seek Smoking Cessation Information When Celebrities Are Diagnosed With Cigarette-Caused Cancer. A team of researchers found that when Brazil President Lula da Silva was diagnosed in 2011 with laryngeal cancer, which he
China Detains 1,300 People Suspected Of Making And Selling Counterfeit Drugs. The seized fake drugs purported to deal with illnesses ranging from children's cold and flu to heart problems, and had been
Everywhere You Are Is Sacred Space. I have to wonder if sacred space is really confined to a particular place that each of us has to go to in order to feel centered and peaceful. Instead of us going to it, why can't it come to us?
HIIT Workout. 3. No Equipment Necessary No dumbbells? No problem! HIIT workouts generally use only your body weight, since the focus is
How to Survive the Holidays With Your Sanity Intact. It's that time of year -- holiday decorations abound, shopping takes on a whole new meaning, and what should be a peaceful, happy time usually turns into a chaotic, stressful mess. When stress levels skyrocket, it's important that we dive head first into self-care.
Stop the Food Fight! How to Keep the Peace Between You and Food This Holiday. We tend to think of holiday eating as having an on/off switch
CPAP Treatment For Sleep Apnea Improves Men's Golf Performance. Obstructive sleep apnea is a condition where a person has temporary pauses in breathing during sleep, leading to disrupted
What Can Nelson Mandela Teach Us About Happiness?. Happiness and well-being aren't the main reason we think Mandela's life a good one. We think it a good life mainly because he lived so admirably -- he lived well. As philosophers would put it, he led a virtuous life.
What We Can Learn About Our Own Lives From Celebrity Narcissism. The great thing about celebrity narcissism is that we hold the clicker. When we've had enough, we can simply move on to another distraction. In our lives, the closer the narcissist is, the hard it is to escape the vortex.
One Kansas Man's Heartbreaking Effort To Find His Wife A Kidney. Since they rented the billboard last month, the Nelsons say a number of people have contacted them, but none has worked out
25 Random Acts Of Kindness To Share On The Anniversary Of The Sandy Hook Tragedy. One year ago today, tragedy struck Sandy Hook Elementary School and the residents of Newtown, Conn., resulting in an unimaginable
Tony Posnanski Lost 225 Pounds For His Family. Breaking Point
Who Is Really At Risk For Insomnia? (INFOGRAPHIC). We know that insomnia puts people at risk for a wide range of health problems, including anxiety, heart attack and osteoporosis
The Worst Possible Way to Help People With Depression (Or, 'Let's Talk About Depression, Part 4'). \Chin up! It'll get better!\ \Hey man, at least you're not...\ (insert anything you want here, because they stopped listening
Navigating the Holidays Healthfully. The holidays don't have to be a time of dread nor a time to abandon yourself and your healthy habits.
Stressed? How to Thrive and Enjoy the Holiday Season. In the midst of all the busyness, we often forget to eat well, exercise, sleep enough, and do the self-care routine that we usually do. Our body, mental state and emotions are going to suffer when we neglect ourselves.
Learning to Trust Again. Now, instead of focusing on trusting others, I focus on trusting myself -- my feelings, my inner knowing, my intuition, my spiritual guidance. This lets me know immediately whether or not I can trust another.
Measuring Airport Connectivity Versus Distance Can Better Predict Virus Spread. London is actually closer, in a sense, to New York than to other British towns, if the traveler is a virus, new research
When Laughter Carries Health Risks (Really). The researchers reviewed studies on laughter published between 1946 and 2013. They found much evidence that laughing really
Did James Bond Want His Martinis 'Shaken, Not Stirred' Because Of An Alcohol-Induced Tremor?. \We suspect that Bond's life expectancy would be similar,\ the researchers said. Analyzing Bond's behavior in the books, the
How The Danish Concept Of 'Hygge' Can Help You Get Through Winter. Denmark isn't short on reasons to be happy. Its population is only about 2 percent of the United States', but its per capita
Should You Run With A Cold?. From Mother Nature Network's Starre Vartan
Ask Healthy Living. And let's not forget about cold and flu viruses. If you know you're sick with the flu, as a common courtesy to your fellow
The Spirit of Christmas. by guest blogger Renee James, essayist and blogger That's why, when I encountered the following holiday story, I weighed
Are Your Greatest Strengths Holding You Back?. We've all known people who touted the merits of their best (perceived) traits without realizing that they carried them to such extremes that people found them off putting.
4 Empowering Steps to Curb Emotional Overeating This Holiday Season. No one usually forces a needle into a recovering drug addict's arm; in fact, drug addicts in recovery are usually celebrated and supported by non-user friends and family. But for food addicts, we come face to face with our temptation every single freaking day.
People With The Last Name 'Brady' More Likely To Have Bradycardia, Study Finds. Plus, \the number of true Bradys with pacemakers may have been underestimated, because female patients with pacemakers whose
GPS Guide. By Rob White Below are five gift ideas that are guaranteed to make a difference and form long-lasting memories. The act of
The Real Cost Of Running Races. Then there was the incalculable time I spent running around Prospect Park on this quixotic goal -- instead of, say, playing
3 Tricks to Prevent a Nervous Breakdown at Work This Month. The bottom line
20 Things No One Tells You About Exercise. 15. You need to replace your sneakers all the time. Depending on how a runner strikes the ground (and how much he or she
23andGUVMT -- Health and Safety or What? An Antiestablishment Perspective. In effect, the argument the FDA makes is that people are too ignorant or irresponsible to have access to information about their own body.  This is the heart of the issue, and it is a troubling argument.
Connecting to the Divine in Meditation. If you were able to observe yourself meditating, you could see how genuinely peaceful you look when you're connecting to
Get Off the Treadmill. There you have it -- a recipe to stop spinning and enjoy your holidays. Even if you do one or two of the suggestions, things will be different and you may just en-joy yourself a lot more!
Higher Body Mass Index, Dislike Of Bitter Foods Linked In New Study. The study, \Facial Affective Reactions to Bitter-Tasting Foods and Body Mass Index in Adults\ [pdf], featured in international
Mindfulness + Gratitude. I must admit that I'm not always 100-percent mindful, and at times I do multitask, but this year I have consciously and sincerely tried to be mindful in all situations. It's amazing the things you notice and feel when you are truly present and not just going through the motions.
Restoring the Playground. The signs are everywhere. Play is bursting through the cracks in the proving ground like wild dandelions in spring. And it's
The 'I' Word. I try, not always successfully, to live in integrity with the truth of my experience not because I want to be a good person, but because it's the best thing that I can do for myself. It's the most direct path to my own heart and to the hearts of others.
The 12 Days Of Fitness. As you can see, it's an accumulating circuit. Start on day one with a one-minute plank, and add on a new exercise each day
Dare to Be 100. The appropriate term for this bottom's up approach is \emergence,\ in which the hierarchical level of choice is separate
Brain Washing. We understand that sleep is essential. But the question remains, what happens in sleep that allows for the maintenance of normal function?
Why Your Son-In-Law Will See You Naked and 2 Other Life Truths. You think the magical moments of your life will happen on big days, but they're usually more ordinary. The magic of connection, gratitude and love can show up at work, in nature, at dinner, even at the movies.
Yoga XPress in Less Than 20 Minutes. Yoga Xpress is for those of you who just don't have time to get to a class and want a less-than-20-minute routine for the road or at home.
The 3 Magic Words That Create Great Conversations. We all know great conversations when we find ourselves in one.\u00a0But these moments don't come along as often as we like. With a stranger, we don't know where to begin.\u00a0And in a long-term relationship, we may feel like we've exhausted the subjects of common interest, and the dialogue becomes more mundane.
At the Top of My Lungs. I remembered why I went traveling in the first place. To see new things, of course, but also to see what I was made of. So I may move a little more slowly, perhaps with a bit more caution, but off we go. I will not let cancer get my goat.
What It Means to Be Loving. While love seems to be a universally valued attribute, defining love in behavioral terms can be a challenging undertaking.
The 8 Best Apps For A Calm, Focused Mind. Time Out Research on productivity has found that the brain is easily distracted -- a typical office worker is interrupted
Even Without Concussion, Hits To The Head During Sports Might Still Hurt The Brain. For the study, published in the journal Neurology, McAllister examined 80 varsity football and hockey players at Dartmouth
Cell Phones and Cell Biology. 'Tis the season to, well, buy stuff. Increasingly, the stuff we buy is electronic. In fact, not only that, but increasingly the stuff we buy with is electronic, too. We are using gizmos to shop for gadgets, or possibly gadgets to shop for gizmos.
Watchman Device, Experimental Anti-Stroke Heart Implant, Backed By FDA Panel. An FDA advisory panel recommended approval of the first-of-its-kind device in 2009, but the agency ultimately decided another
Health Matters. In a health crisis, patients and families may turn to a member of the hospital staff who offers help beyond the physical
6 Things You Probably Didn't Know About Your Muscles. There are three types of muscle tissue -- skeletal, cardiac and smooth, and about 650 layers of skeletal muscle in the body
A Bag Full of Misconceptions. The more you look outside to explain how you feel on the inside -- given that the outside has nothing to do with it -- the more you'll get in the way of your mind's natural propensity to clear.
Sneaky Ways Skinny Cocktails Can Add Up. Several wine and spirits brands are targeting women with their new flirty, sexy wines or \lady\ liquors, with the suggestion that their products are waistline-friendly.  Without sounding like the Grinch who stole Christmas, here are some sobering facts about how alcohol can derail your diet.
Staying Clean During Christmas Party Season. Thanks to the delicious bounty of protection I bestowed on myself, I was able to enjoy the party, focus on guests with clarity, and enjoy a few of the protein and vegetable options put forth by the caterers, who mercifully realized, that not everyone wants to be back at square one on Jan. 1.
The Right Way to 'Cheat'. Far too often I hear of people going overboard with their cheat meal -- which turn into day-long bingers. Stop the madness and take control of your life and do what will make you happy. Think long term satisfaction rather than immediate or short-term satisfaction.
Crazy Diets, Silly Food Science and Absurd Food Inventions 2013. This year had its remarkable share of senseless diets, bizarre research and odd inventions. Here's what you might've missed.
WATCH. When we are faced with tough conversations, we have a tendency to take the easy way out -- a way that avoids revealing our
Asking Patients About Exercise Habits Linked With Improved Blood Sugar, Weight. More from dailyRx
The Number Of Flu Illnesses Prevented Last Season Thanks To The Flu Shot. As of November 2013, about 40 percent of people ages 6 months and older in the U.S. had gotten a flu vaccine (which researchers
Grass Pollen Allergy Drug Grastek Is Effective, FDA Panel Says. Panelists recommended post-approval studies of the drug to test its safety in children aged 5 to 11 years, citing side effects
Dreams Can Reveal and Soothe Holiday Season Stress. Whether consciously or not, the holidays are filled with situations in which we feel socially evaluated by others, and assessed by our ability to give others what they want -- materially and emotionally.
14 Daily Habits That Are Secretly Stressing You Out. 4. You left that sink of dirty dishes for \tomorrow.\ 9. You're sleeping badly. Valiant effort, but the truth is, within
Salad Shame. I certainly know that my choice is my own, but the act of eating is social and thus the choices we make have become social topics. What upsets me the most however, is the fact that most people believe eating healthy translates to being uptight and/or mentally sick is preposterous.
These 8 Inspiring People Will Change The Way You Think About Autism And Asperger's. \My path may not be one that another person would choose, but I challenged myself to enter the Miss America competition because
These Starry Perspectives Will Help You Tackle Your Troubles. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
The Best Gloves For All Your Winter Running. Special Features
Is Grass-Fed Beef Worth the Extra Money?. There are many reasons why consumers with the means to do so should select grass-fed over conventional beef. If the decision is based on perceived health benefits, then the studies suggest they might be right.
Can Self-Loving End Your Love Life?. Believe it or not, I've been asked many times if self-loving is cheating and about its potential negative impact on relationships
7 Anti-Aging Tips for Soft and Smooth Hands. When it comes to hand washing, always remember to dry your hands properly. Damp hands can cause chafing and chapping.
After Banishing All Excuses, Jacquelyn Moody Lost 71 Pounds. For more on weight loss, click here. Check out more of our inspiring weight loss stories below
How to Nurture Yourself as You Enter the Cave of Winter Solstice. The winter season may feel stark and empty, but beneath its deceptive surface, there is a rich landscape of fertility leading us towards springtime.
The Future of Testing Your Genetic Future. This week, 23andMe, the Google-backed DTC genetic test company, stunned many observers by agreeing to stop sales of its $99 genetic test kit online, saying it will now release only ancestry information and raw data without interpretation.
Healthiest State Rankings. 44. Oklahoma - Nearly one-third of Oklahomans are obese (32.2 percent) and physically inactive (28.3 percent). - Child poverty
Sleeping With Darth Vader. If your CPAP has left you feeling a little \Vader-ish\ around bedtime, I encourage you to look at the big picture.  Don't allow the momentary itch of vanity to inspire a rash of unhealthy choices.
Are You Making Yourself Sick?. By not dealing with our fears openly, we allow them to thrive in the very part of our minds over which we have the least control -- the subconscious and unconscious minds. Rooted there, they will eventually affect the very core of our being.
How Technology Is Warping Your Memory. Even a single session of Internet usage can make it more difficult to file away information in your memory, says Erik Frans\u00e9n
CPAP Could Lower Blood Pressure In Patients With Sleep Apnea And Hypertension. The study, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, is based on data from 194 people across 24 teaching
It Is Never Too Late to Have a Happy Adulthood. They are so good together and their joy is contagious. Their love and gratitude for each other is palpable. And, as a woman entrepreneur and inventor, I am regularly buoyed by their youthful optimism and encouraging support.
How to Find Your Passion. A piece of advice we often hear when it comes to being successful and feeling a sense of fulfillment in life is to \follow our passion.\ But before you can follow your passion, you have to find it. So where do you look for it? How do you really discover what you are deeply passionate about?
The 5 Stages of Grief and Other Lies That Don't Help Anyone. The stages of grief were not meant to tell you what you feel, what you should feel, and when exactly you should feel it. They were not meant to dictate whether you are doing your grief \correctly\ or not. They were meant to normalize a deeply not-normal time.
The Financial Realities Of Living With An Addict. \It can be sensible to have a third party as a co-trustee, since spouses can sometimes be bullied, or throw up their hands
No 'Magic Pill' for Helping Patients Manage Chronic Illness. Care delivery that puts the patient into focus, and embraces new and innovative ways of engaging patients in their treatment will help us realize the triple aim of health reform.
3.3 Million Lives Saved Since 2000 By Global Malaria Control Efforts, WHO Says. \The fact that so many people are infected and dying from mosquito bites is one of the greatest tragedies of the 21st century
Climate Change May Worsen Mold Allergies. Follow Tia Ghose on Twitter and Google+. Follow us @livescience, Facebook & Google+. Original article on LiveScience. To
12 Illuminating Sanskrit Words for Christmas Yoga Meditations. Though for us moving toward the Winter Solstice light is now diminishing, yoga philosophy suggests there is a light within that never wanes.
Guilty Pleasure at What Price?. I know it's going to feel like detox. I'm going to yearn to reach for the remote.  It's a habit, but I have to get real about what I am willing to consume and when.  It all matters.
Staphyloccocus Aureus Bacteria Hide Out Deep In The Nose. Researchers from the Stanford University School of Medicine examined three different parts inside the nose to determine the
Fat Jokes In Children's Movies Are A Lot More Common Than You Think. \It's likely that part of the reason that weight stigma has become so socially acceptable in our culture is because of the
6 Moves For A Stronger Butt. 1. Can-Opener Lay on right side with legs extended. Place right arm directly under armpit with forearm and palm fully resting
6 Sneaky Reasons Your Breath Stinks. Some of the most common causes of bad breath are the most obvious ones. You know it's time to brush when you've had some
The 'One Goal' Method to Breakthrough Transformations in the New Year. As we wind down the last few weeks of 2013 and anticipate the dawn of a new year, we become introspective. There's something about ending one time era and entering a new one that brings about an appreciation for a clean slate.
How to Allow Fear to Be the Powerful Tool That It Is. Fear of having to learn equipment when you decide to start working out and getting in shape. Fear of having a child. Getting married. Switching careers or starting your own business. Instead of viewing it as a bad thing, start to see it as the powerful tool that it is.
Nerves In Our Stomachs That Signal Fullness Work Like Clockwork. \However, with a change in the day-night cycle to a period associated with sleeping, the nerves in the stomach become more
Move, Meditate, Write. The practice of yoga asana, the practice of meditation, the practice of writing
Shocking News. People say that nobody can predict the future. But you can. If you don't find yourself in the green at the intersection of normal weight and metabolically healthy, make a plan with your doctor to get there. Your future is in your hands.
The Weekly Rune -- Mannaz. Likewise, as this Rune is about connecting with other people, its reversed position gives caution to the way in which we
Customer Service? Simple, Just Be of Service. It seems as though one doesn't need any qualifications to be in the customer service arena. I think you do need some  qualifications. They are
Shannon Williams. All of which leads me to meeting Shannon, a young man of strong spirit and presence, who gives me wheelchair assistance from the landing gate to ground transportation at Atlanta Airport. On the long trek, which involves a train ride, we chat.
What Do You Mean I Have to Give a Speech?. The fear of public speaking is one that plagues many.  However, more and more of us are expected, or even required, to do it on a regular basis.  Here are some relatively simple tips that can make the process a little easier.
The Best Holiday Lights. We are in the midst of the season of light. Regardless of our faith, we are dazzled by the display. What is the take away from the glow? When January arrives and the the lights dim and disappear, what will we remember?
Winter Workout Tips That'll Keep You Motivated Through The New Year. 4. Think Ahead Taking stock of your exercise goals also means forecasting ahead to sunnier times. Ryan Ford, who owns the
Cancer Is My Herpes. I have to wrap my mind around the fact that, unless a cure is discovered in my lifetime, cancer is going to be part of my life for the rest of my life. Cancer is my herpes. Or my diabetes or RA or COPD. It's in me and I am going to have to accept it and learn to manage and dominate it.
7 Solutions to Flawless Communication. Each person requires a different form of communication, a deliverance of speech tailored to their own needs. You can't chat with your mom as you do with your partner, and you cannot talk to your boss the way you speak with your best friend. Knowing how to be a verbal chameleon results in truly effective speech.
Mindfulness Meditation for a Stress-Less Mind. The truth is no matter how much we try, plan, plot, arrange, have things to do, leave the house at the same time each day, arrive at the office at the same time, pick up the kids on time, we can still never know what will happen in the next moment.
Do-It-Yourself Cold Remedies. One of the biggest goals of this season -- beside finding the best gift for everyone on your shopping list -- is steering
Diet Soda Sales Decreasing Amid Research On Potential Health Effects. \We don\u2019t really know a whole lot about what these specific artificial sweeteners do to the brain reward system. We know
Dangerous Myths About The Flu - Weather.com Things You May Not Know About Flu. This year's flu season is off to a slow start, particularly compared to the 2012-2013 season. Read more on www.weather.com
Stop-Smoking Drugs Won't Harm The Heart, Review Finds. The results were published in the journal Circulation today; and the research was conducted by a team led by Edward J. Mills
Experimental Alzheimer's Drug MK-8931 Moves To Late-Stage Trials. Merck shares slipped 0.4 percent to $49.35 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange, amid moderate declines for
Waiting for... Permission?. It occurred to me that, for whatever reason(s) women perhaps more than men wait for permission, especially professionally.  Not to say that we should be power-grabbing, but there is something very poignant about being named to a job I was doing anyway.
EU Says Aspartame Carries No Health Risks At Current 'Acceptable Daily Intake' Level. Studies have linked aspartame to health risks, including cancer and premature birth, and have been blamed for a drop in sales
CrossFit. During this seven-year period of time I've become quite familiar with the system and the people who developed it, I've watched it change significantly over these years, and I've come to hold several opinions regarding CrossFit. Some of them I will share with you here.
The Best Fruits And Vegetables To Eat This Winter. Sparkly snowflakes, cozy blankets, rich hot chocolate... Winter has a lot going for it, but fresh produce is usually not
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (Dec. 6-12). Even momentarily concentrating on healthy solutions rewires psychological patterns to receive and share healthy sexual love in the present.  Here are three meditations with the themes of sexual confusion, kissing, and foreplay for you to ponder and practice this week.
Turn The Page to the Adventure Story You're Meant to Live. Afraid you will fail? Supplant your fear with a greater motivation.
Is the Food Guide Pyramid and MyPlate Making Your Family Fat?. At the time the 1980 guidelines were established, there was no solid basis for understanding what the consequences of such
K9 Nose Work. Her goal is to help you create wellness in order to prevent illness in the lives of your pets. This proactive approach seeks
How To Exercise In Cold Weather. By Laura McMullen for U.S. News Find a buddy. Now that you know you must resign to a few uncomfortable outdoor workouts before
I Got Cancer. I Asked WTF? I Gathered a Tribe to Make a Movie. Once that diagnosis hit, I moved. I moved in the only way I knew how. I wrote. I studied. I made a movie. I took cancer on and I kicked its ass. I wanted to be as aware as I could be. That was my way.
Fitness Trends for 2014. With the new year around the corner, there's going to be plenty of ways for you to keep your health on track and a priority.
I Am Addicted to Momentum. For those of you addicted to playing Candy Crush Sega, a game by King, the same app developers as of Pet Rescue Sega you
Is Your Self-Care Regime Turning Into a Stressful Job? 3 Ways to Practice Optimal Self-Care. Set yourself up for success by having your own back no matter what. That means that you need to be compassionate, kind and patient with yourself. That way you are creating the space for yourself to thrive, flourish and align with your true capacities.
No Really, CrossFit Helped Me Understand Achilles. The day I completed the \Murph\ -- named after Lieutenant Michael Murphy from Patchogue, NY, who died in Afghanistan -- I finally understood the connection. By going deeper into the \being-ness\ of physicality, we honored what he had lost. It made a kind of weird sense.
Sleep Deprivation. The CDC refers to sleep deprivation as a \public health epidemic,\ and I completely agree.  Sleep affects every system in the body, and each one must function efficiently in order to achieve optimum health.
How to Minimize Holiday Stress and Better Savor the Season. The holidays are an exciting time but can bring with them a flurry of emotions. If you want to go from overwhelmed to overjoyed this season, here are five tips and how-tos to help savor the season. After all, 'tis the season... to make it your very own.
Diabetes Associated With Liver Cancer Risk. Diabetes may raise the risk of the most common form of liver cancer, according to a new study. Latinos faced the highest
Today in the Mind of Simon Sinek. SS
Today in the Mind of Quddus Philippe. Quddus Philippe is the Founder and CEO of The Q Side Entertainment. He was named one of the most inspirational people on
Regular Exercise Could Boost Creativity. Want to find out how creative you are? Try taking this test to get a sense! Here's one more thing people who regularly exercise
Never Eat These FrankenFats. Recently, the FDA issued a ban on all trans fats, deeming them unsafe for human consumption, and it's about time!  For more than 20 years, the science has shown these fake FrankenFats to be hazardous to our health.  Thankfully, the government has finally caught on.
This Is Scientific Proof That Happiness Is A Choice. Choose mindfulness. Make happiness your number-one goal. \Choose to take advantage of opportunities to learn how to be happy
5 Ways Pessimism Boosts Well-Being. In recent years, several investigations have suggested that when it comes to maintaining healthy, long-term relationships
Stop, Listen, Pray, Meditate. What are you being prepared for today? To find out be sure to stop, listen, pray, and mediate. Coaching people, teaching
Pan Am 103's Lasting Legacy. I hope that with the 25th anniversary of the Lockerbie bombing, you spend a few moments thinking of the 270 victims who died tragically but spend even more time thinking of how you can have a positive effect on those around you today. Life is short, and each day is a blessing.
Jennifer Smith Changed How She Thought About Food And Lost 165 Pounds. For more on weight loss, click here. How I Lost It
Four Ways to Have Happier Holidays. How do you maintain your sanity when your aunt keeps reminding you that the boy you broke up with in high school is now the CEO of the hottest new tech company and his wife looks just like you?  Preparation. Know the enemy and be ready.
How to Be More Grateful by Changing One Word. I think it's important to remind yourself that the things you do each day are not burdens, they are opportunities. So often, the things we view as work are actually the reward. Embrace your constraints. Fall in love with boredom. Do the work.
Zen and the Art of Alzheimer's. I expect to introduce myself repeatedly to my father this Christmas.  I only hope that each time I do, he finds that he is pleased to meet me.
If You Buy One Health Book for Your New Year's Resolutions Choose This One. This book will help your bottom and your bottom line. It is packed with good advice and can help you address health issues in a natural way.
Bed Bug Survival In Freezing Temperatures Examined By Scientists. Bed bugs are able to survive the cold by lowering the freezing point of their own fluids. Knowing this, researchers examined
The Emotional Weight of the Holidays. There's so much to be thankful for that it's best to stay in the moment and focus on those around you, the joy they bring and the magic of this time of year.
A Family's Struggle. Advanced illness is unfortunately an aspect of life. While our culture no longer whispers the name of serious conditions such as cancer, we far too often go silent on the subject of dealing with a disease that is likely to take the life of someone we love.
Here We Go Again.... So say what you will, Dr. Negativity. My dad will beat this, just like I did; and we will once again prove you wrong. Maybe next time, you should get all the facts before you dash someone's hopes into the ground.
Snacking Your Way To Better Health. Nuts to you! No, that's not an insult. It's a recommendation to add nuts to your diet for the sake of your health and longevity
4 Habits of Superbly Confident People. Let's get into that sweet spot of really accepting and cherishing our vulnerabilities, our humanness and ourselves! Let's embrace the whole package, the things we are good at and the things we are not so good at, because that is how we find our confidence and how we make the ground we walk on not only steady, but sacred.
Does Inflammation Lower Prostate Cancer Risk?. Prostate cancer, the most common type of cancer in men, usually grows slowly and may not cause symptoms in its early stages
The Top 10 Workout Songs for December 2013. Remixes abound in this month's top 10 list. Half the songs below are chart favorites that have been given a makeover.
Engagement In An Activity Boosts Life Satisfaction, Ski Study Shows. The study, from researchers at Yonsei University in the Republic of Korea, examined 279 skiing and snowboarding visitors
The BRFWA Process. Often in the yoga world, you'll hear directions like, \Let it go,\ \Relax,\ \Breathe into it.\ These all sound lovely, but when I'm in a wound-up state, they strike me as abstract, unattainable, and a tad annoying. Let what go, where? Relax? Thanks, I'll get right on that. And breathe into what?
Clever Ways To Handle Holiday Grinches And Touchy Subjects. Every holiday gathering has a grinch. You know their M.O.
Leukemia Drug Ibrutinib Effective In Long-Term Study. \A lot of the patients from the initial phase II study have been on drug for two to three years,\ he added. \Long term follow
Experimental Leukemia Drug Effective In Most Patients Who Don't Benefit From Other Treatments. AbbVie is developing the once-daily pill in partnership with Roche Holding AG. In the ongoing study, 72 percent of patients
Do You Use Your Cell Phone A Lot? It Might Be Making You More Anxious | TIME.com. Too much time spent on your cell phone doesn't mean you're more connected and happier. Read more on healthland.time.com
Think You Know What 'Fat' Means? You Should Listen To This Dude's Definition.. It's time for some real talk about how we use the word. Read more on www.upworthy.com
What You REALLY Think About Healthy Food. While there are some general rules of thumb when it comes to healthy eating -- fruits, vegetables, lean meats, whole grains
Sleeping With Rheumatoid Arthritis. It's hard to sleep restfully when you're in pain. Researchers recently analyzed the quality of sleep in patients with rheumatoid
8 Ridiculously Cheap Superfoods Less Than $1 Per Serving. It's not just an excuse
The Message of Winter. We don't have to pretend to enjoy the winter if spring is our preference, but what if we could consciously embrace the season, understanding it is a prerequisite -- a rite of passage -- for the spring to follow.
Pride Or Shame From Meeting Goals Depends On The Goals Themselves. Researchers from Pennsylvania State University and Central Queensland University found that if your goal is to do better
5 Health Benefits Of Peppermint. In the midst of all the indulgence and decadence this time of year, it's comforting to know there are some very real health
4 Commonly Asked Questions About Starting a Meditation Practice. Meditation isn't a one-size-fits-all kinda thing. I always recommend that you start somewhat loose. Commit without overcommitting or feeling like to you have to force it.
Everything You Need To Know About Popcorn But Were Afraid To Find Out. Here's the deal
Dear Abercrombie. The best part of this, that very few people caught, is that they are for now only going to sell the \plus-size\ clothing online. Not at the stores. Apparently, Abercrombie has standards. The \fat, uncool\ women cannot go into the stores. They can shop online, where they belong.
The Best And Worst Health Trends Of 2013. By K. Aleisha Fetters Each year comes with its own unique brand of health trends. Some wind up being passing fad diets, while
8 Simple Steps to Optimal Health and Well-Being. Superhealing allows you to draw upon a broad range of clinically proven techniques, tools, and processes that speak to your needs and preferences.  The superhealing approach affirms and recognizes that your essential nature is derived from your spirit, the foundation of all health and well-being.
An Argument to Resolve. At the beginning of every year, we try to start anew. Why wait? End the year with an early bang and ride smoothly into 2014. There's nothing like getting a head start.
Did the Government Cause the Obesity Epidemic?. A great deal of money is being made from our nutritional confusion. Even worse, the government created these guidelines in much the same way it creates laws
How Technology Speeds Up Time (And How To Slow It Down Again). It often feels as though time speeds up as we age, with each season and year seemingly passing by more quickly than the last
Permission to Be Ungrateful. Feeling discontent, miserable or \ungrateful,\ despite knowing that you're lucky or blessed... there's nothing wrong with it! In fact, you should be thrilled that your inner guidance system, your intuition, knows that you're not living the life you're meant to live.
A Manifesto for Working Less (If Only I Could Afford It). In some ways, my decade of professional nomadism has been about trying to find a job that will admit the highest percentage of me through the door. Teaching is about as close as I've come, and that's still only 40 or 50 percent. There's very little time for anything else, and if I had a girlfriend, there'd probably be none at all.
An Enlightened World With Heart Intelligence. An enlightened world understands that peace, wellness, wealth, our wholeness all begin inside.  A heartful life including meditation is receiving all this and much more.  It is time, beginning at an early age, to consciously be learning, growing, enjoying life full of heart intelligence.
VIDEO. In this video, I answer this question with three very important tips that will definitely help make it easier.\u00a0I also offer a script to help you respond to your friends and family so that you can kindly decline what you don't want to eat without offending anyone.
Not Just a Pooping Disease. These diseases have been known primarily as \pooping diseases\ because many patients frequent the bathroom as a result of the cramping and abdominal pain caused by IBD. However, there are many aspects of the disease that are far worse than spending time in the bathroom.
You Are What You Eat? You Are What You Repeat. You are not your negative or disempowered thoughts. They are temporary, if you want them to be. Your true state is one of possibility, joy, ease and purpose, so dig in and repeat that.
Stop Bloating. We asked acupuncturists from around the world for do-it-yourself recommendations for reducing bloating. Here are 11 tips for staying comfortable this Thursday, in the days that follow and whenever else you experience bloating.
5 Ways to Beat Holiday Stress. Having a season of comfort and joy starts with taking care of ourselves. If we make self-care -- inside and out -- part of our daily practice, we will have much more to give to those we love.
7 Ways to Reset Your Health. It's important to remember that perfection does not exist, and when we stop beating ourselves up for mistakes or derailments we can get back to feeling awesome, energized and exuberant lickety-split.
Gifts That Feed Your Soul. What if, before selecting a gift this year, you asked yourself, \Is it possible to give something that goes far beyond appearances, something that has the possibility to touch a heart and feed a soul?\
Train Crash Sheds Light on Shift Work Disorder. The diagnosis is made when an individual works a nontraditional shift, feels sleepiness as a result, and this sleepiness impacts the work life or home life in some negative way.  The commuter train crash reads like a primer illustrating the finer points of shift work disorder.
The Key to a Successful Relationship. In short, you want to get on the path to loving yourself. Do things for yourself that feel good. When you feel good, you radiate goodness. Everyone else wants to be around you and you do not lose yourself in relationships.
Sleep Problems Linked With Mood Problems In Severely Obese People. Poor sleep can also raise the risk of obesity, multiple studies have found. For instance, an American Journal of Human Biology
Creating Change. This is an excerpt of an interview with Tom Myers. To listen to the full audio interview, you can download it here
Gut Bacteria Linked With Colorectal Cancer In New Study. People with colorectal cancer may have fewer \good\ bacteria and more harmful bacteria in their guts than people without
Teen Swallows Rare-Earth Magnets, Undergoes Emergency Surgery. Christin Rivas, 14, was rushed to the emergency room for an X-ray, but a doctor sent her home, telling Rivas' mother that
'Cannibal Sandwiches' Made Of Raw Ground Beef Cause Food Poisoning In Midwest. The CDC urged retailers to discourage customers from consuming raw ground beef, which it said should be cooked to an internal
What Do We Want to Know About Adam Lanza and Why Do We Want to Know It?. The public is owed more information. We all want to know if there were opportunities to forestall such a gruesome tragedy. At the same time, we need to ensure that his story does not provide an insupportable platform for demonizing those with a mental illness.
COPD Drug Breo Is Effective For Asthma Patients In Trial. The drug, already approved in the U.S. to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) under the brand name Breo, proved
Treatment For Rare Muscle-Wasting Disease Could Be Coming Soon. It is betting that the drug, known as bimagrumab or BYM338 and developed with German biotech company MorphoSys, might help
Satan Is in the Bread. I'm a 40-something gal, the same age Mom was when she gained 100 pounds. I've got a little extra meat, but it landed in the right places. I work out three times a week, have the energy to walk 60 blocks a day just for fun and can easily touch my toes, nose or most of my other body parts if I so choose.
How Loving Myself Helps Me to Love Others. Our thoughts and emotions are our own. No one has the power to create our thoughts or emotions or change them. We are our own captain of how we react to situations or internalize them. Certainly people can influence us, but ultimately, we make the final decision.
Why Your Skin Is So Attractive To Mosquitoes. \Such compounds can play a significant role in the control of mosquito-borne diseases and open up very realistic possibilities
Immune System May Play Crucial Role In Mental Health. Last time you had a bad cold, you likely had less energy than usual. You lay around and didn't have any enthusiasm for your
Brain Connectivity Problems May Be At Root Of Dyslexia. The researchers scanned the brains of 23 adults with dyslexia and 22 adults without the condition as they responded to various
The Dangers of Drowsy Driving. As a society we've come to vehement consensus that drunk driving is unacceptable behavior. Yet we continue to tolerate sleepy driving. Many people who wouldn't dream of driving after one drink too many may very well get behind the wheel when feeling drowsy.
Nelson Mandela's Long Life. Nelson Mandela's noble lifework, which will be admired and remembered for years to come, may have also in part contributed
5 Ways To Avoid Gaining Weight This Winter. 2. Stock Up On Superfoods It's true that some foods can actually help you lose weight, not to mention reduce your risk of
The 'Golden Rule' of the Helping Professions. As people who are entrusted with so much responsibility, professional helpers should conduct themselves according to a standard that prohibits them from providing services that they themselves need.
15 Things You're Doing Wrong Every Day. Might as well start doing things the right way.
TB Vaccine Might Help Prevent Multiple Sclerosis, Study Suggests. People showing early signs of multiple sclerosis -- a situation called clinically isolated syndrome -- who were randomized
Depression, Substance Abuse Disorders May Raise Men's Heart Disease Risk. Over that time period, the researchers found that having an alcohol abuse disorder or depression at the start of the study
How To Keep From Losing Your Mind. Mindfulness is a bit of a buzzword these days. You can attend mindful eating workshops, learn mindfulness-based stress reduction
12 Holiday Thoughts. Giving is better than receiving because it gives you a break -- from relentless self-criticism, from self-absorption -- and shifts your focus elsewhere.
Louis C.K. Is Wrong About Boredom. The anger in the transference is clear. He's not saying, \You don't get to be bored\ to his daughter, but to himself. Not getting, of course, that her boredom and his boredom belong to different categories.
This Is Why You're Always On Time. Punctual people leave room for error. One of the most common characteristics among the chronically late is a habit DeLonzor
How We Use Social Networking and Why. As the old saying goes, \opposites attract,\ and this may certainly apply in social networking as well as in any other context. That said, it might still be wise to keep the above perspective in mind, so that we at least know what we might be getting into each time we make that decision to \friend\ someone.
How Emotionally Intelligent Are You? Here's How To Tell. Plato said that all learning has some emotional basis, and he may be right. The way we interact with and regulate our emotions
Teen Sleep Affected By Friends, Parents. They found associations between sleep quantity and quality and different aspects of teens' lives. For instance, teens whose
Sleeping (or Not) on a Jet Plane. With many of us taking to the friendly skies over the next few weeks, it's time to start thinking about the ideal sleep accessories and snacks.  As for me, I'm considering giving the travel pillow another try.
Leaving. Leaving and being left is such a painful part of life that it's hard to make sense of its place in a living Universe. This poem is one attempt
Celebrate The Season In Peace With These Gorgeous Icicle Photos. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
15,000 Holiday Decorating Injuries Reported Last Year. New estimates from the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission show that 15,000 people were injured and visited an emergency
This Is Where Perseverance Lives In The Brain. The new findings are limited because the researchers looked at only two patients, said Amitai Shenhav, a postdoctoral researcher
Paying People for Kidneys. The shortage of available kidneys for transplantation leaves many people on burdensome dialysis for years, while others die awaiting a functioning kidney. Still, a thriving business takes place underground and in black markets worldwide.
Statins, Static and the Status Quo. If it were truly clear exactly what criteria for statin use were best, there would be no controversy in the first place. There appear to be strengths and weaknesses to both sets of criteria, the old and the new.
12 Pilates Moves That Will Redefine Fitness for You This Year. Standing--Side Bends (without weights), 3 sets Twisting (rotation) Lying--Corkscrew (three different versions of varying
The Bittersweet Package of Black Friday and Thanksgiving. What kind of dissonance is experienced by children who, the day after they learn about the meaning of Thanksgiving, go with their parents to the mall and watch them argue and push others over appliances?
QuanTILfy DNA Test Could Predict Ovarian Cancer Survival. \This is clearly an outstanding science result that sets the scene for the further development of the test to quantify [immune
Mark Ballas Dishes On The 'Grueling' Training Sessions Of 'Dancing With The Stars'. The performers on Dancing With The Stars may make their complicated steps look easy, but it takes a whole lot of work to
Why Guilt Is Bad For Your Weight Loss Goals. There are some foods that tend to be more associated with guilt than others. In a 2009 study in the same journal, researchers
In This Very Moment, You Already Have Enough. If there's one thing that this apparent lack has taught me over and over again throughout the past year, it is simply this
What You Need to Know About Primary Care Physicians. If you haven't already, you will someday see a primary care doctor (PCP). It's practically unavoidable. The reason for this self-declared truth is that PCPs are the shape shifters of medicine, assuming various roles at different stages of an adult's life and wellbeing.
Do You Trust Your Intuition? 4 Ways to Heal a Lack of Trust in Your Inner Knowing. Notice what happens when you listen to your inner knowing and what happens when you don't. Consciously listen and follow through with action when you are aware of the thoughts, feelings and images that pop in, and see what happens.
How to Access Much More of Your Sensational Wisdom. I'm not suggesting that to be wiser, you should stop listening to your brain's wisdom. Instead, I suggest you broaden your attention beyond your brain to the rest of your body.
The Not-So-Sweet Skinny on Sugar-Free Gum Sweeteners. If you like gum, perhaps sugar-free gum is part of your strategy for shedding some pounds while still enjoying some sweet masticating. But there may be a chemical downside to sugar-free gum. A downside that comes from the many chemicals that substitute for sugar.
Supporting People With Multiple Chronic Conditions. We live in a time of remarkable transformation in our health care system, accelerated by the Affordable Care Act. A focus on supporting those with MCC is critically important to enhance health, improve care, and lower costs.
Oops, I Ate the Whole Pie (and Other Tales of Holiday Addiction). The usual holiday reality is sparkling moments shining through quite a lot of disappointment, which is usually caused by the fact that we and those around us often fail in our duty to behave like Santa's perfect little elves.
It's a Balancing Act. The yogi sages were well aware of the effectiveness of the breath and its power to balance and heal. It too works in a contra
Fast-Food Faux Pas. The momentum is building for healthier restaurant menus, but not building fast enough. Unfortunately they follow the guidelines of the media, jumping on what the media hypes, and not nutrition specialists.
Success, Happiness and the Art of Self-Deception. What does self-deception mean? As RadioLab's story suggests, self-deceivers are not only more successful, but often happier. Go figure.
The Ropes Workout You Should Be Doing. Head over to Q by Equinox for even more moves. Plyo Pushup Start in plank position with an end of the rope beneath each hand
Your Holiday Gift. Sometimes the best thing to do when those around you are displaying frantic or negative energy is to get razor focused on something else. Anything else.
The Weekly Rune -- Eihwaz. Eihwaz -- Yew -- I like to note trends in The Weekly Rune series, as patterns in casts can inform us on a Rune, as much as
We Tried It. At 5'2\, I'd love to know what it feels like to dunk a basketball or spike a volleyball from really high up, and the sports equipment at Sky Zone offers just that to height-challenged exercisers like me.
5 Phrases to Help You Cultivate Calm in a Chaotic World. So many of us live in a constant state of reactivity and uneasiness, trying to control things that are far outside our control. But what if there could be an alternative? What if we could find peace and calm right now, even amidst all the chaos of life?
Excessive Grooming in Cats. Cats need their daily routine to be very predictable and consistent. Some kitties, when they feel stressed by a change in their environment, will start performing a behavior like grooming themselves. This is an example of a displacement behavior.
Beat Holiday Stress in the 15 Minutes a Day You're Not Using. Here are a few quick things you can be doing to effectively reduce your negative stress response -- now, as reindeer hooves fast approach.
Where There Is No Doctor. The FDA is going to have catch up with technology, doctors are going to have to practice letting go, the tort system is going to have to be reformed, and patients are going to step up if we're going to solve this health care crisis.
Hormones That Are Increased During Exercise Could Be Good For Memory. The study, published in the journal Behavioural Brain Research, involved looking at levels of growth factors in the blood
These New Yorker Cartoons Perfectly Sum Up What's Wrong With Our Tech-Addicted Culture. Although he still struggles to moderate the role that technology plays in his life, Walsh says that not having a smartphone
How To Maximize Your Willpower (And Be In Control Of Every Decision). Avoid the object of temptation. It's almost as if we have two minds. We have one brain that is very responsive to our immediate
Connecting Time. A deep connection to work is wonderful if it doesn't disconnect you from others. It's even better if your connection to work connects you to others and offers them an opportunity to create their own connections in turn. This is not just great business; it keeps you alive!
William Rockefeller, Engineer Driving During Deadly New York Train Crash, May Have Nodded Off. For now, there is no concrete evidence that Rockefeller had been overworked or had not gotten enough sleep the night before
CRPS. Matthew describes the feeling like \a boa constrictor tightening around your foot while it is being stabbed with a knife from the inside and simultaneously set on fire.\ I have witnessed his agony firsthand, because Matthew is my son.
Hell for the Holidays. There's an old adage that says that Religion is for people who are afraid of going to Hell, but Spirituality is for people
The Downfall in Homogenizing the Causes of Obesity. The JAMA article pointed out the impressive results from understanding cancer as a genetically complex disease, and developing personalized therapies in response. Isn't it time for us to understand obesity in all its complexity and mirror this process?
The World Is Waiting for You. Every one of us can present a gift to the world. We all possess inherent interests and passions and can choose our respective thresholds for risk, exposure and adventure.
6 Quotes From Famous Dreamers That Prove Imagination Is Crucial. For more GPS Guides, click here. Putting our head in the clouds is also crucial to the creative process. In fact, many great
Are You Afraid to Approach Women?. The age range of the participants was 20-38, with most in their 20s. (Had I included women in my study, I probably would
Should We Blame the Engineer for Falling Asleep at the Train Controls?. When employees fall asleep on the job, this should be an indicator that perhaps the work system is scheduled in a manner that is incompatible with circadian processes and sleep needs of employees.
Can You Be Awake And Asleep At The Same Time?. While it can happen to anyone, says Winter, it would be unusual for a well-rested person who just got behind the wheel to
What It'd Really Take To Curb Drowsy Driving. In the wake of the news that sleep deprivation may have possibly played a role in Sunday's deadly train derailment in New
Lots Of People Die Because Other People Don't Get Enough Sleep. Correction
The Mind-Body Connection That Occurs During Yoga (VIDEO). For more on the Third Metric, click here. It turns out, the mind-body connection during the practice goes deeper than we
FDA Warns Of Faulty HeadStart AEDs That Can't Deliver Shocks To The Heart. \There have been 61 devices taken out of service for repair or replacement due to this issue, out of the 605,000 deployed
What Kind of Wound Would a Point Blank Shot to the Shoulder With a Colt 1911 .45 With FMJ Ammo Make?. Finally, FMJ bullets tend to penetrate more deeply than do hollowpoints. When a hollowpoint expands, the petals act as a
Depression Rates Have Dropped In Areas Hardest-Hit By Superstorm Sandy, Report Shows. However, it's not all good news; Gallup researchers also found that daily feelings of anger have increased a year post-Sandy
Sex and Dating After Cancer. After my divorce, I thought that there was no way any man would want to be with me because of my deformities... especially at my age. I was so very wrong.
3 Unique Barre Workouts Kicking Things Up A Notch. The instructors are classically trained. All teachers must have at least four years of formal ballet experience and go through
How a Little Boy With Cancer Briefly Saved Us All. I'm not exactly sure when Miles saw Batman for the first time, but the Caped Crusader's message resonated with this young boy so much that when asked by the Make-A-Wish Foundation what his wish would be, it was simple
7 Most Common Genetically Modified Foods. Genetically modified material sounds a little bit like science fiction territory, but in reality, much of what we eat on a daily basis is a genetically modified organism (GMO). Whether or not these modified foods are actually healthy is still up for debate.
Should You Be Tested for Alzheimer's Disease?. Alzheimer's is still a clinical diagnosis and not one that can be made solely on the basis of scans and genetic testing.  The tests supply useful information to the informed physician.
What Greek Wisdom Can Teach The Rest Of The World About Living Well. Another longevity secret of the Ikarians? They live by \island time.\ With Greece's temperate climate, warm sunshine, beautiful
3 Holiday Expectations That Are Making You Crazy (And How to Change Them). When you make gratitude a practice and express it to others, you shore up your own sense emotional well-being. Gift-giving can then be what it really is
Open Your Eyes and Jump In. As I was immersed in a few feet of water, holding my breath with my eyes closed, I became entrenched in living in the moment -- the distractions which usually plague my mind were no longer present.
Overcoming the Biggest Pitfall of Mindfulness. Are you feeling stuck in your practice? Did meditation lead to big positive life changes early on, but now years later you're just sort of treading water with no sense of making progress? Mindfulness meditation is an extremely helpful and useful practice, but that doesn't mean that it's perfect, or that it has no pitfalls.
Why You Need a Flu Shot. When you get vaccinated, you protect both yourself and the people around you. If you don't get the flu, you can't \gift\ it to your family and friends.
Extroverted Children More Likely To Be Swayed By Environmental Cues. \Insofar as extraverted children appear to be more at risk for influence by environmental cues, there are two different serving
Kids' Friends May Be Good Influence for Exercise. Physical activity was measured in four different ways in the 13 studies
Scientists Use Human Stem Cells To Make Lung Tissue. Scientists had previously converted stem cells into cells of the heart, intestine, liver, nerves and pancreas. Human stem
What The Rail Industry Can Do To Prevent Sleeping Workers. \Given the body of scientific evidence, that decision clearly demonstrates that politics remain more important than public
Finding Love in Spite of.... Young adult cancer is not something people dream of when they picture themselves in a romance. Illness, in general, is not socially considered a good stepping stone to finding a bright future relationship. For this couple, and for myself, though, that's exactly where love kicked in.
7 Ingredients of a Healthy Relationship. I've been alive for 34.5 years, and I have concluded that love is undefinable. Although I do know one thing I am absolutely sure of, and that is love is a choice.
Vulnerability Vampire. But being brave isn't always remaining stoic and never breaking down in face of things that seem utterly insurmountable. It's showing up, being seen and giving it a try, whatever it is.
This Holiday Season, No Fruitcake, Please. At this year's Thanksgiving feast, dessert came and went, and I sipped on coffee while other guests enjoyed pie and cake. It was a lovely Thanksgiving, and I feel even better about it because I stuck to my food choices.
No More Scans for Me, Hooray?. When you're first diagnosed with cancer, the hospital is the last place you ever wanted to be. Then when treatment stops, you miss going. It's not that you miss the treatments or the crappy way they make you feel. You miss the safety net of being able to check in with your doctor and the nurses on a regular basis.
How to Be a Good Consumer. If you want to keep the growth machine running, you need to maintain adequate levels of consumption. The role of the consumer
The Logic of Gifting Health. This holiday season, as our own thoughts turn aspirational for ourselves and those we love, permit to suggest the logic of not just wishing for health and long life, but gifting them. I believe the right approach allows for exactly that.
Holiday Gifts for the Sober Addict. In recovery, we've entered this whole new world -- often a world people don't completely understand -- and those outside the circle can feel daunted by the task of trying to get how we now tick.
Global Health Disparities 'Could Be Eliminated In A Generation,' Experts Say. He said while aid would remain critical it should become \less about financial support to individual countries and more about
8 Reasons I'll Never Meet Someone at the Gym. \Did she just fall off a treadmill?\ I blinked once, and then I let out a sigh of embarrassment and confirmation that just as I was able to see the crowd of people around me, they could also see me.\nHere are eight other reasons why I'll probably never meet a guy at the gym.
Putting Patients Back in the Health Care Conversation. Through the Cancer Experience Survey we learned that 83 percent of cancer patients found it important to be \involved fully\ in their care. What this data tells me is that patients are demanding a different and deeper connection with us.
A Call for Cancer Prevention Action. Cancer prevention should not be just experiments performed in a laboratory or a reason for building a new medical center, but rather cancer prevention must include looking at the choices we make in our everyday lives and in business.
Can You OD On Caffeine? - CNN.com. The rumor
Sleeping With the Band. For over 20 years, Carbon Leaf has been honing their musical craft that deftly blends folk, country and Celtic and rock elements. While their musical identity has evolved and matured on the road, so, too, has the band's ability to find healthy sleep while touring.
Researching a New Drug for Canine Distemper. In such cases distemper does not need to be a death sentence for a dog.  A combination of  homeopathic, nutritional, herbal and conventional drugs and support  often does the trick.
Cholesterol-Lowering Statins for All? What You Need to Know. Whether we're talking about broad public health prescriptions or individual prescriptions, it's all a matter of benefit versus risk, and that requires a careful look at the evidence. Doctors and patients alike may find themselves understandably confused by changing guidelines and the uncertainty inherent in predicting the future.
Resolving to Lose Weight? Consider This First. Please, dear readers, be kind to yourselves and those around you who suffer from body shame and struggle with their weight. The violence and wounding is darker and deeper than you may think.
8 Tricks To Finding More Meaning At Work. There are no doubt other sources as well, but the research suggests these eight seem to be especially important. Even so
Paula Wolfert, Cookbook Author, Describes Living (And Cooking) With Alzheimer's (VIDEO). Paula Wolfert has authored nine cookbooks and won five James Beard awards. She's a foremost authority on Moroccan and Mediterranean
11 Things You're Doing That Could Shorten Your Life. Get up. Stand up. Stand up for your LIFE.
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (Nov. 29 - Dec. 5). Even momentarily concentrating on healthy solutions rewires psychological patterns to receive and share healthy sexual love in the present.  Here are three meditations with the themes of friendship, strength, and holding hands for you to ponder and practice this week.
Guys Have Body Image Issues, Too. I lost over 200 pounds, but more than that I learned to love what I saw in the mirror. I had to. I could not do that to myself again. After hating myself and comparing myself for over 30 years I realized that I will have imperfections. I have two choices
Do You Want Your Life to Serve as a Warning or an Example?. This is not about being \picture perfect\ or fitting into some kind of society driven image of successful. It's about taking responsibility for your life and living to the fullest.
Why I Weighed 320 Pounds. Emotions will not always feel good, but I will survive. I also learned that though relationships do not rely on food; they consist of emotional sustenance.
The Trickling Down of Washington Discord. The types of examples that will follow were not unfamiliar five or six years ago; however, in the last few years they have
Oatmeal Promotes Fullness Better Than Ready-To-Eat Cereal. Oatmeal also had more soluble oat fiber (called beta-glucan) than ready-to-eat cereal, which researchers noted is a more
Calling All Shoppers for Health Care. What these companies promise, that has never before been available in the health care market, is price transparency. We have yet to see if this new marketplace can substantially lower health care costs overall.  But as more and more patients like me are left \holding the bill,\ I can't help but imagine that it will.
The Amazing Way This Hospital Is Fighting Physician Burnout. \[Compassion-based care] does go against an old style of medicine where it was just, 'Go go go, stay tough, don't be impacted
Transform While There's Still Time. The mission is to prepare people before their world falls apart, so they won't be surprised and fall into panic and traumatic depression. Carolyn Baker's dream is that a better society will arise as we wisely prepare for and resiliently move through a period of suffering.
12 Unhealthy Fish You Should Avoid. Here are six of the fish they determined we should avoid, no matter what. Then head over to Prevention for the full list
9 Cats Who Just Can't Get Enough CrossFit. Women's Olympic lifting's biggest fan. Totally beasted that WOD. You should see her clean and jerk. Everybody's doing CrossFit
During Your Depression. But let me ask you, if I was sick and in bed, or if the situation was reverse, would you feel I was a burden? No. Burdensome
Circadian Timing Could Give West Coast NFL Teams Night Game Advantage. Researchers from Harvard Medical School, Stanford University and the University of California, San Diego, analyzed 106 games
Mindfulness in Everyday Life. In the same way that an airline attendant will tell passengers in pre-flight instructions to secure their own oxygen mask before assisting others, in life we need to learn how to feel compassion for ourselves first, before we can be happy or contribute to others' happiness.
Truly, Deeply Shifting -- After Winter Solstice 2012. If we bought into the shift of the last year as bringing the end of systems, then that includes personal ones. Our cherished
CrossFit. Let's be honest
Energy Drinks Increase Heart Contraction Rate In Healthy People. Energy drinks have been linked with a number of recent deaths and hospitalizations, including the death of 14-year-old Anais
How To Handle Being Overloaded And Overworked. By Alison Green for U.S. News Alison Green writes the popular Ask a Manager blog, where she dispenses advice on career, job
8 Fireplaces To Help Unwind Your Mind. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
YogaQuirks. I love yoga and I've been doing it for about 10 years, but it's the practitioners, not the practice itself, I find most challenging.
3 Steps to Outsmart Cravings, Part 3. When you have a craving, figure out what you really need, whether it's an emotional need, or a physical one, or both. And set about getting those needs met! You'll be much happier for it.
9 Easy Tips for Emotional Balance. Be prepared to let go of your attachments to any particular outcome so that you can be open to something bigger than you have ever imagined. Let life lead you down unexpected turns and you will discover magic in the most ordinary places.
Salivary Testing for Hormone Levels. I would recommend using cortisol saliva testing if you need to figure out the severity of adrenal fatigue, but leave the other hormone testing to your serum tests, where the studies support more consistency to the results so that you get more for the money you are paying for your health.
It's Really Okay to Go at Your Own Pace. It's time to check in and make sure that you are still on the pathway heading towards your goal. And if you feel like you are on the sidelines, then maybe that's right where you need to be for now. When you are ready, though, put on your shoes, get up and take that first step.
Dare to Be 100. I was far over-trained to perform 98 percent of the tasks that I eventually did. All of this was an orgy of self-gratification. I loved being super trained, super smart, 150 percent more competent than I needed to be. The tragedy was that I did not see my children grow up.
Obesity Is the New Cigarette. Not smoking is a simple way of reducing lung cancer risk. We don't need to take drugs with toxic side effects or get injections to prevent it.   All we have to do is put out the cigarettes. So why are we setting ourselves up for another cancer epidemic, this time caused by obesity?
Cholesterol Guidelines. The new cholesterol guidelines represent a sea change in that they no longer recommend patients shoot for a target cholesterol level. Instead, they recommend options based on an individual's risk of a heart attack or stroke.
6 Life Lessons Dementia Can Teach Us. It does not matter how much money we make or have. Eventually, we all end up without the ability to enjoy or miss those things we used to cling to.
Letting Go of Snark (No!). What if all that was required of us was to just be -- stripped bare of what we know? What in your life could be transformed in that instant?
Hong Kong Confirms First Case Of H7N9 Bird Flu. HONG KONG, Dec 2 (Reuters) - Hong Kong confirmed its first case of deadly H7N9 bird flu on Monday in a further sign that
Newly Discovered HIV Strain, A3/02, Linked With Faster Development Of AIDS. The HIV-1 recombinant strain A3/02, which is a fused form of the 02AG and A3 strains of HIV, has a shorter period of time
How to Manage Holiday Stress. The results may be subtle at first. You might find, for instance, you're no longer waking up at 3 a.m. obsessing about that obnoxious person, or that you aren't yelling at the kids when they dawdle getting ready in the morning.
Gout Risk Linked With Family History. Risk of developing gout, the painful joint condition that has been known historically as \the disease of kings,\ may hinge
Holiday Health. In the pursuit of health, there is the risk of forgetting what health is for. Health is for living -- and while health certainly makes life better, something is seriously wrong if preoccupation with health ruins the good times. Don't let it ruin yours
The Caregiver's Plea for Help. Noah's innocent, honest assessment of his own needs while witnessing his brother's suffering echoed the very same cries for help and support that I had heard during the caregiver sessions at the conference in Las Vegas.
Legacies Through the Decades. Take time to reflect and write about who you are and were, in earlier periods of your life. Divide the time in any way that fits your life and the stages you moved into and out of through your years and because of your unique experiences.
How Much Will That Heart Test Cost? Many Hospitals Won't Tell You. The findings agree with previous research showing that health care providers often cannot provide reasonable price estimates
Possible Male Birth Control Works By Blocking Sperm. Compared with female birth control, the male version is a biological challenge. Instead of stopping one egg, male birth control
Night Owls and Early Risers Have Different Brain Structures. If our preferences for sleep and wake times are strongly influenced by genetics and biology, what are we to do when faced with inclinations that don't match up with the demands and responsibilities of our lives?
How To Buy The Healthiest Yogurt. By Donna Fennessy Yogurt has earned itself a reputation as a true health-food superstar. But know this
7 Power Mantras to Help You Through a Difficult Day. Finding lasting happiness seems to be like getting in shape physically. It may feel uncomfortable at first, but the more you do it the easier it becomes. You have to work your positivity muscles daily; if you do it, over time it will become much easier.
Magic Johnson On What Has Changed In HIV/AIDS Over The Last 20 Years. On the changing face of HIV
7 Science-Backed Reasons Why Generosity Is Good For Your Health. It promotes mental health. Earlier this year, a huge review of 40 studies on the effect of volunteering on general health
Striving for the AIDS End Game. The collective efforts of health care practitioners, patients and researchers around the world have brought new promise to the decades-long fight against HIV/AIDS. By sustaining and accelerating this fight, and striving toward the \end of AIDS,\ lives can be saved and suffering averted for decades to come.
Religious Coping Associated With Better Psychiatric Treatment Outcomes. But the new study showed that not all kinds of religious coping are alike. People who engaged in negative religious coping
Dancing Shown To Help Boost Happiness And Mental Health. So you think you can't dance? We're here to tell you
15 Surefire Strategies To Stay Fit From Thanksgiving To New Year's Day. 12. Cut The Rug Being the first person on the dance floor at the holiday party means you're A) the coolest person in the
We Tried It. But by the end of the class, I was amazed at what my heart rate monitor was telling me -- especially since I felt I had spent a lot of time just listening to the rules of the next challenge or cheering my teammates on.
Am I Crazy? The Bizarre Experience of Sleep Paralysis. Many of those afflicted with sleep paralysis report the perceived presence of a human figure at the bedside, often described as dark, like a ghost or a shadow. Understandably, this experience in the middle of the night, as you come out of sleep, can be downright terrifying.
8 Immediate Stress Busters and Serenity Boosters. Let's face it, daily life can be beyond stressful. And between a demanding job and even more demanding home life, it becomes next to impossible to squeeze a bit of serenity into our everyday rounds. But what if being idle were just as productive -- and necessary -- as being super busy?
How Seeking Your Passion Boosts Self-Esteem. The first step in finding your life passion is learning as much as possible about yourself. It's useful to take a personality assessment and skills inventory, as this information will give you a general understanding about your traits and aptitudes.
Ancient Healing Techniques That Can Improve Your Modern Life. Some studies have found reflexology may be helpful in reducing pain, anxiety and depression, as well as promoting relaxation
6 Signs It's More Than A Cold. By Jennifer Acosta Scott Medically reviewed by Niya Jones, M.D., MPH Feeling \Run Over By A Freight Train\ If you're so achy
Recessions Associated With Cognitive Decline In Old Age, Study Finds. The cognitive scores of people between ages 50 and 74 was lower if they experienced more recessions earlier in life, according
An Attitude of Gratitude. How can you grow by incorporating gratitude into your daily agenda?  First, it enables you to acknowledge the positive aspects of your life, whether it is friends, material goods or even opportunities to view something from a different point of view.   It can assist you in putting things in perspective.
Finding Happiness And Success By Giving Thanks. Be grateful. By taking a few minutes each day to recognize the good, positive elements of your life and writing those things
Giving Thanks. Although these expressions were routinely used in my childhood home, I never fully comprehended their significance until
Can't Bear the Holidays Alone? Plan a Singles Vacation. Read the just released Welcome to Hell by Kristen Houghton. An Amazon Kindle Best. Kristen Houghton is the author of the
The Grieving Introvert and the Holidays. Companion yourself. Care for yourself. Listen. Reach out where it feels good to reach, curl in when that is what you need. Make this season as much of a comfort to you as you can. And when it is not a comfort, know we're here. All these other grieving introverts
Finding Holiday Joy 10 Minutes at a Time. My hope is that my lists and my 10-minute timer keep me grounded. I hope they will help me enjoy, share, appreciate, step back, jump in and even relax. There are not too many Christmas carols that celebrate \relaxing,\ but that would truly bring joy to my world.
7 Health Problems Improved By Sleep. Cancer Risk The link between sleep and cancer risk is another complex relationship. A 2010 study found that among people
How to Sleep in Heavenly Peace This Holiday Season. As a sleep researcher and clinician, I am keenly aware that the holiday season is a time when people try to do too much. So I've developed a few tricks to help manage the episodic bouts of insomnia that are common during the holidays. Following these rules can help you sleep better, brighten your holiday mood and maybe even keep your weight under control.
Use Your Words. Stress isn't out there -- it's how you respond to stress that determines your experience. Thoughts and words are a critical part of that because they mirror how you interpret what's going on around you.
Ask Healthy Living. \Ask Healthy Living\ is for informational purposes only and is not a substitute for medical advice. Please consult a qualified
Younger, Female Heart Attack Survivors Face Higher Risk Of Mental Stress-Induced Myocardial Ischemia. The researchers noted that the younger women in the study were more likely to experience stressors, such as being poor, being
Why You Need to Slack Off at Work This Week. Working too much makes us stupider, unhappier, unhealthier and less successful. Let's break this down, shall we?
6 Myths About Creativity. A lot of people have misconceptions about what \being creative\ means, which makes it hard for them to tap into their full
Fit Links. We aren't always comfortable in our own skin, but our bodies do amazing things. Check out one woman's story of her struggle
Cory Cantrell Didn't Like Who He Saw In The Mirror And And Lost 121 Pounds. How I Gained It
What You're Thankful For -- In One Word. For most of us, it can be too easy to get swept up with the negative and focus on our complaints rather than our blessings
Awe Boosts Belief In The Supernatural, Study Suggests. The findings, published in the journal Psychological Science, involved five experiments. In one of the experiments, study
5 Yoga Poses For Gratitude. By Kristen Domonell for Life By DailyBurn 'Tis the season to give thanks. We're used to expressing gratitude around a holiday
How Giving Thanks Will Help You Stress Less. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
7 Ways to Boost Your Gratitude. Many of us are well versed at juggling dozens of different thoughts in our heads at once. It is tough to feel true gratitude when your attention is divided. Take the time to really focus on the person you are with or event that is happening in the moment.
Watch Out For Sleepy Drivers This Thanksgiving. Thanksgiving is a time of travel, but one expert warns that sleep deprivation and darkness can cause drivers to become sleepy
Watching Your Salt? Beware Of Sodium Bombs In Your Medicine Cabinet. \u201cThese tablets all fizz when you put them in water,\u201d Dr. George said. \u201cThe manufacturers use the salt to create that fizz
HuffPost Gives Thanks. This Thanksgiving, in addition to the turkey and the stuffing, millions of Americans will also bring their gratitude to the
Emily Fletcher Shares Guided Meditation Technique (VIDEO). Meditation doesn't have to be complicated. In fact, it can be as simple as tapping into your five senses. Emily Fletcher
The Hidden Sources of Attraction. Overcoming the natural, understandable resistance to this process requires courage, strength, commitment, and perhaps most importantly, the support of a partner who is willing to go the distance, even when it can feel like the stakes are one's very survival.
How Autism Highlights Health Care Challenges. When health care systems are designed with the aim of ensuring the most vulnerable patients receive timely, accessible, high quality care, the result is a better, safer health care experience for every single one of us.
A Brief Medical History Of The Cranberry. Cranberries have been shown to protect heart health by reducing atherosclerosis -- or plaque buildup in the arterial walls
9 Turkey-Free Ways to Get Protein on Thanksgiving. Vegetarians say farewell to fowl and skip the turkey on Thanksgiving. It's usually no big deal because a holiday plate can be truly satisfying with the bounty of meat-free sides. However, when you say bye-bye birdie, your plate is also low in protein, since turkey is a high-protein food. Don't worry. Help is here.
How to Analyze Your Dreams in 7 Steps. A dream can rarely be fully understood and interpreted, but the process of trying to understand your dreams matters.
Why It's Not The End Of The World When You Go Overboard On Thanksgiving. You are not a robot. The simple truth is that food is a central aspect to many of our social gatherings and celebrations
How Trusting Your Gut Can Increase Wellbeing. Numerous studies, for example, have shown that the gut has a significant impact on the brain. A key ingredient in the gut
How to Solve Life's Worst Problems. As he told me the story, he kept emphasizing how the phrase \Some problems need to ripen\ had changed the way he thought about work and, in fact, how he interacted with people.
The Boy in the Boardroom. Who's in charge of prioritizing man-rules? Aren't there exceptions? Where do we draw the line between ordering chicken wings when our health requires a grilled chicken salad, and abandoning healthiness and happiness altogether to protect a notion that none of us are obligated to defend?
Don't Make This Common Thanksgiving Mistake. While most people recover from salmonellosis within a few days, complications such as dehydration or an intestinal infection
5 Ways To Let Go Of Perfection At The Holidays. Luckily, there are ways to manage your perfectionism -- without sacrificing your sanity. Below find five ways to let go of
Lateral Habenula Brain Region Plays Role In Decision-Making, Study Finds. \Disruption of LHb signal outflow rendered rats unable to display any sort of preference toward larger, costly rewards or
10 Things You Should Know About Narcolepsy. 4. 60 percent of narcoleptics are initially misdiagnosed and many go undiagnosed for more than ten years. 2. We do not know
Are You Healed or Whole? How to Tell the Difference. There are many kinds of well-being; to be full, you need to look at everything, including overall happiness, relationships and community, self confidence, career, spiritual health and finances.
4 Ways to Stay Sane at the Table. You know what's going to bother you this year, because it's likely the same thing that bothered you last year, and the year before that. You can't stop your sister in law from making a comment about your single status, but you can say that you're enjoying being on your own and haven't had this much fun in years.
Surgeons Can Get Injured On The Job, Too. Nearly half of orthopaedic surgeons experience occupational injuries, according to a recent study in The Journal of Bone
5 Ways to Manage Stress This Holiday Season. Holidays can be a stressful time. Every time I am in a parking lot of a shopping mall and see people fighting over the last parking spot, I think we need to all remember this is supposed to be a joyous time. I have discovered 5 ways that keep myself less stressed and I hope they help you too.
5 Things That Will Make You Happier Than Shopping on Black Friday. Once you grab a few gifts for family and friends, here are 5 things I think you should do instead of going overboard with Black Friday shopping. I'm willing to bet that each one will make you a whole lot happier than getting a great deal at a mall.
Why Women Who Test Negative For BRCA Mutation May Still Face A Higher Breast Cancer Risk. Possessing a gene mutation in the BRCA1 or BRCA 2 genes is a known risk factor for breast cancer; researchers had previously
4 Happy Feelings That Are Contagious. GPS Guides are our way of showing you what has relieved others' stress in the hopes that you will be able to identify solutions
How To Turn Your Shame Into A Vehicle For Transformation (VIDEO). This Is Your Life, Not A Dress Rehearsal author Lisa Kratz Thomas, a former drug addict and alcoholic, opened up in a recent
My Worst Thanksgiving Weekend. And then I rolled out a minute later. I didn't have TB, and I could leave as soon as I got dressed and filled out papers
HIV-Positive Gay Men Who Know Their HIV Status Are Less Likely To Engage In Risky Sex. Thirty-three percent of HIV-positive men who have sex with men but who are unaware of their HIV status engaged in unprotected
Debra Winger, Robert Stickgold Reveal How To Recall Your Dreams (VIDEO). \When you wake up, the first thing you do is lie still and don't open your eyes,\ Stickgold says. \And just rehearse it in
15 Dos and Don'ts for Helping a Friend With a Sick Child in the Hospital. People often forget to check in on the parents. They are struggling with exhaustion, confusion and fear. Be there for them by being present to their struggle. Just listen -- they know you cannot fix things. They just need love.
Lessons on Acceptance. I ought to know that death pays no heed to the natural order of life. I first learned this lesson nearly a decade ago when my husband Brett died at thirty-nine years old. Until then, I'd been relatively sheltered from calamity, at least among family.
Dear Cancer, This Is How You've Made Me Thankful. In the spirit of Thanksgiving and the holiday season, witnessing everyone gathering with their families, friends and even strangers, I want to explain how cancer has made me thankful... for life.
Lessons From Kayaking. The key to being with fear is in contacting what is here now, rather than trying to push it away. Here's a story from the river that helps us understand that. In kayaking, you learn about what is called a keeper hole.
Is Self-Care Selfish?. If I decided to leave work early to go get a massage, what would you say? She's a slacker? I'm not paying you to get a massage during working hours? If you have time to get a massage, then I need to give you more work to do?
What You Can Do When Someone's Upset. So the next time a friend comes to you wanting to vent, remember, you don't have to do the heavy lifting and solve their problem. All you have to do is simply be present and listen.
The 5-Minute Thanksgiving Getaway. My five-minute Thanksgiving getaway functions like a reset button. The best place for me to hit that button is in nature. I step outside, breath and acknowledge the gifts in my life -- gifts of past and present.  I find the most beautiful place to take inventory of my own personal wow list.
Fewer Americans Report Healthy Eating in 2013. A lower percentage of Americans reported eating healthfully \yesterday\ every month this year, versus the same months last
The One Question Richard Simmons Has For Parents Of Obese Kids (VIDEO). \This world is just filled with overweight kids. It's just horrible,\ Richard Simmons said between tears during a recent
The Beloved Son. Standing behind our lived experience is an 'ideal' of how we think -- or perhaps it's a preconscious knowing -- this relationship could be or should be. The Father, we feel, should bring out the highest in the Son.
Childhood Cancer. The shortage of medication in the world of childhood cancer is not new.  It is a recurring problem and a concrete plan needs to be enacted to keep it from happening -- ever.
Giving Time. As you look at life from the perspective of what will make you most proud in the end, I believe that you'll discover much of it has to do with giving. So let's give back and reward those who join us in making the end of 2013 merry and bright.
My Food Allergy-Friendly Thanksgiving. When it comes to holidays, Thanksgiving has the best menu, in my very humble and completely unscientific opinion. We're talking all of my favorites
Tryptophan Making You Sleepy Is A Big Fat Lie. In order for tryptophan to make you sleepy, you have to eat foods that contain it on an empty stomach, and without any other
Kicking the Night Owl Habit. Giving myself permission to relax and really mean it has made a world of difference. More focused, energized and peaceful, I consciously and consistently chipped away at a deeply ingrained habit. Now that's willpower in action.
5 Thanksgiving Mistakes Not to Make This Year. Addressing common Thanksgiving pitfalls can help keep weight in check and help start off the holiday season on the right foot. With temptations all around us, making healthy and smart food choices can be challenging.
Navigating the New Year With a Beginner's Mind. A beginner's mind is what allows us to embrace the highest emotional qualities such as enthusiasm, zeal and optimism to creatively move ourselves forward.
Do You Appreciate Yourself?. What's on your list? As Thanksgiving is here, let's all take some time to say thank you for those things we usually ignore. Say \Thank you!\ out loud over and over. We can never have enough gratitude; let it fill every moment, every thought and every feeling. Experiencing gratitude is totally transforming.
20 Ways to Make an Extraordinary Difference in the World. This is a list I recommend to my coaching clients who are looking for more ways to help others. Similar to a bucket list or a magic list, you create a list of ideas to help others in need.
Grace. Being chronically ill is learning about love.  Whether I believe I can recover or not, I am blessed.
The Weekly Rune -- Hagalaz. --\u00a0Contact Kelley for a\u00a0personalized Rune Reading. It's not a coincidence that this time of year, we get inundated with too
The All Too Secret Path to a Happier and More Meaningful Life. The world needs our compassion -- now more than ever. And that compassion begins with you and with me. Start by practicing compassion for yourself and those closest to you.
A Walking Prayer. Asking yourself periodically throughout the day, \What am I praying for?\ shines a very revealing light on your thought process and the influence of your soul's design.
Honoring How Powerful Consumers Known as Bravewell Implanted Integrative Medicine in the System. That alternative medicine is a consumer movement is well known. Less known or appreciated is how a powerful group of consumers shaped the movement to implant these alternatives into conventional treatment.
In Praise of Different. Now that I've rediscovered myself, I realize what a waste of time and energy it is to try and fit in. It's so much better to just show up and be yourself.
Connections Between Brain's Left And Right Hemispheres Strengthened As Children Sleep, Study Finds. Indeed, a past study in mice published in the Journal of Neuroscience also showed that sleep influences myelin production
Holiday Stress Can Amplify Mental Health and Substance Abuse Issues. In many respects, it is the most joyous time of year and should remain that way for your family.  Still, the holidays serve as a perfect opportunity for parents to spend more time with their children and address alarming behaviors you may have missed during the year.
Fun and Fruitful. Before you toss those leftovers on Friday morning, take a look at this quick cranberry DIY mask and glow throughout the holidays.
Has Anti-Aging Finally Come of Age With Google's Calico?. I hope that Calico changes our whole concept of aging and extends healthy life years for us all, but I have to admit I'm skeptical. The fountain of youth has proven elusive and most gains in human life expectancy have been indirect consequences of better nutrition and anti-infectious disease efforts.
3 Things You Can Accept Right Now That Will Make Your Day Better. From the moment we get up in the morning to the moment we hit the bed at night, there's something about the months of fall that make our day feel overwhelming.
Avoid These Elliptical Workout Mistakes. The unfortunate thing is these people are all using the elliptical to get a cardio workout. The truth is they'll never see
Have You Ever Wondered How Quickly Your Thanksgiving Calories Add Up?. That sounded abstemious to us, so we decided to do our own calculation. We made up a plate of Thanksgiving classics, keeping
7 Things You Probably Didn't Know About Your Thanksgiving Meal. In theory, tryptophan, the amino acid found in turkey (and, frankly, a ton of other stuff like cheese, roast beef and eggs
You Need to Wake Up!. Because when you are mindful, you are aware that you have choices. You can choose the words you use. You can choose the actions you take. When you are not mindfully awake, you are reacting all the time and trapped in an illusion that it is all happening to you.
Images To Inspire Your Individuality. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
HuffPost's Serenity Saturday Holiday Giveaway. Complete Rules Well, we're here to take back our weekends over the busy holiday season, starting by adding a little dose
The Benefits of 'Thank You'. Gratitude causes us to pause and give value for the good. It prompts us to see the day's events in 20/20 clarity and reminds us to focus on the white space rather than the lone black dot on the canvas that is our life.
Kathleen Hanna On Her Experience With Lyme Disease. Kathleen Hanna, the original riot grrrl and current lead singer of the Julie Ruin, started experiencing seizures a couple
7 Steps to Smash Fear in the Face. Take the time to examine what's really got you stuck, get real with the best and worst possible outcomes, look at the possibilities from every angle, and then, finally, decide for yourself which is going to reign victorious -- your fears or your audacity!
Yoga. Editor
Anorexia. Once eclipsed by an eating disorder, kids are changed in profound ways, and their personalities undergo complete transformations. It's devastating for parents to see their nice, hard working, smart children grow suspicious and manipulative, desperately twisting the truth with fierce determination.
How To Have A Stress-Free Thanksgiving. 2. Know your limits -- and don't be afraid to ask for help. \Don't take on too much on your own unless you really feel like
Everything You Know About Getting Warm Is Wrong. It's freezing out there. Make sure you're getting warm the right way!
Cholesterol Myths and the New Math. If there's one number the health-conscious know, it's their cholesterol level.
Be Thankful! 5 Choices for a Life of Gratitude. The simplest acts of kindness express your thankfulness for life.  Every act of kindness is an expression of thanksgiving. It makes you feel happy and celebrates our need of one another.
Postcards From Lebanon. Timing
The Power of Bearing Witness. Life presents us with so many ways to bear witness to each other every day. We must embrace these opportunities for loving.
The No Drama Guide. It's great to be supported while we're blowing off steam. Drama is about the details, venting is about an actual issue. Once you've vented, you can now focus on making a decision or taking action. You move past the disappointment and start feeling better.
Secrets of a Concentration Camp Survivor and An Unfaithful Husband. The purpose of Uranus transiting your 12th House is to free yourself of secrets, phobias, neuroses, or any psychological issues that have limited you, by confronting them directly and seeking resolution.
Lifestyle as Medicine. Lifestyle is the greatest of all medicine, but it may feel in this morbidigenic, obesigenic world of ours that we can't get it to go down, because we just don't have the right spoon. It may feel that we can't get there from here. That is, in a word, wrong.
Do You Believe in Love?. Recognize you deserve to be loved fully and completely just as you are. Become aware of the ways you don't love yourself, and all the obstacles you place to your own happiness. Why do you think you don't deserve love now? It's time to make love to yourself.
My Australian Thanksgiving Experiment. My idea was to create a \thanks-giving turkey\ so we could all add feathers of thanks until we had the fluffiest turkey possible. Who knows, this Thanksgiving tradition might take hold in Australia yet.
How to Bounce Back When Life Falls Apart. When life unravels, we're all that seed needing to trust that the darkness we're residing in temporarily, will in the end move us towards our next fertile direction.
The 'Opposition\ Isn't Right... But Neither Are You. I'm not at all suggesting you give up your viewpoints or your beliefs. Feel free to hold on to any point of view you want.  And continue to argue and fight for them.  Just don't claim that yours are true and that someone else's is false.  None of them are \the truth.\ And it's fine to prefer one to the other.
9 Reasons Doctors Hate Their EMR. The results of the Physician Satisfaction Study, sponsored by the RAND corporation and the AMA, became available last week. One of the biggest items found to interfere with physician satisfaction is the current state of electronic medical records documentation.
8 Ways to Save Your Sanity This Holiday Season by Taking Things Less Personally. So often we cause ourselves unnecessary distress because of the way we interpret what others have said or done. We may become anxious, sad, angry, resentful, or insecure because of someone else's words or actions, or even their silence and inaction.
5 Tips to Reduce Holiday Stress. My Martha Stewart holiday plans were wildly unrealistic. As a new parent, hosting new grandparents, I felt an overwhelming responsibility to create Norman Rockwell holidays. Since we don't live in oil paintings, this was never going to actually happen.
GPS Guide. For more GPS Guides, click here. Imagine dancing with others -- in your heart -- on Thanksgiving Day. Share a feeling of
People Who Experience Migraines And Allergies Could Have Worse Headache Symptoms. \The nose has largely been ignored as an important site involved in the initiation and exacerbation of migraine headache
Experimental Treatment For Antibiotic-Resistant UTIs Succeeds In Trial. An estimated 2 million patients each year in the United States contract drug-resistant infections, the company said, citing
Train Like A Tribute. If Katniss Everdeen is even just a little bit of a fitness icon for you, you might want to check out a new high-intensity
Drivers Beware. This stress-immersed world is contributing to sleepless nights for many Americans. The desperation for a good night's sleep
Facts on Fat. Remember, not all fats are bad!  Eliminating all fats from your diet will result in missing out on essential nutrients found in unsaturated fats.
Social Support And Feeling In Control At Work Are Good For Well-Being. The findings \suggest that policies that increase employees' sense of control and support in the workplace are likely to
Dare to Be 100 -- Primum Prevent. I suggest a major amendment to the afore-nominated statements. I propose a different (old) paradigm, from disease to health, from treatment to prevention, that is safe, effective and universally effective.
If You Ate Like a Pilgrim, You Would Be Hungry on Thanksgiving. Shouldn't the pendulum of Thanksgiving feasting start to swing back to the simplicity of that first Thanksgiving?  After all, we don't have to present a feast worthy of a Roman orgy to feel thankful that we have food on the table and shelter in which to partake of it.
I Have a Heart Murmur. And so, we begin our journey together, from slight murmur to severe; from internist to cardiologist; from medication to tests; and from surgery to rehabilitation and recuperation.
How to Help a Grieving Friend. Above all, show your love. Show up. Say something. Do something. Be willing to stand beside the gaping hole that has opened in your friend's life, without flinching or turning away. Be love. Love is the thing that lasts.
Jealousy. We can't control anything or anyone outside of ourselves.  We can only control how we react or how we respond to what is going on outside of ourselves.  So when something happens, we can either contract or expand.  It's a choice.
Actions Speak Louder. We managed to carry on, dutifully ensuring wax had reason to melt into ancient and weathered cobblestone cracks. Drawing
The Future of Smoking Cessation (Hint. E-cigarettes made a big splash recently, with celebrities smoking them on talk shows and companies ramping up their production to rake in profits before the FDA comes in and regulates them. The tag line is that it is better to use an e-cigarette than smoke the real thing. But do they really help people quit?
WATCH. As with any of my tapping videos, this is an abbreviated process for releasing uncomfortable feelings and enhancing good
The First and Most Essential Step to Abundant Living. So, if you want more prosperity in your life, don't just think about it. Be it.
Sick Birds, Sick Production Methods. The chemicals, food additives and extreme production methods used to deliver the nation's plump, affordable turkeys just in time for Thanksgiving are enough to make you lose your appetite.
3 Ways to Step Outside Your Comfort Zone More Easily. I reinforced what was working instead of focusing on what my ego saw as failures. Poor ego doesn't understand that learning takes time. When you step outside your comfort zone, magic happens.
Study. Although arsenic is a natural element found in water, air, food and soil, certain forms of the semi-metal can be toxic. Read
Your Ideal Workout Is Sweaty, Effective And Fun. Here at Healthy Living, we're firm believers that the best fitness routine is one you will stick with. And one of the biggest
What Nutritionists Serve at Thanksgiving. Like me, most nutrition pros serve traditional foods for Thanksgiving -- albeit with a healthier twist because we tweak recipes to eliminate empty calories. The good news is that many holiday favorites like turkey, sweet potatoes, squash, nuts and cranberries are inherently healthy, so it's fairly easy to keep them that way.
Are Separate Bedrooms the New Black?. While the days of famous TV couples sleeping separately are long past, couples who sleep apart shouldn't feel as if they have a dirty little secret to hide.
5 Things Every Yogi Needs to Know. During an hour-long practice, I see a room full of people drop their outer facades and fall into the present moment.  I see faces soften.  I see shoulders relax. I see defenses fall away.  It is hard to accurately describe what that looks like, but it is one of the most beautiful things in the world.
20 Healthy New Takes On Traditional Latkes. 11. Tri-Colored Latkes White from Yukon potatoes, orange from sweet potatoes and ruby red from beets, this latke adaptation
10 Characteristics of Good Problem Solvers. Good problem solvers are good thinkers. They have less drama and problems to begin with and don't get overly emotional when faced with a problem. They usually see problems as challenges and life experiences and try to stand above them, objectively.
Intensive (Self) Care. November is National Caregiver's Month, and it's an excellent time to take care of your own health so that you can tend to the people depending on you. Here are five ways to get started.
Dreading Pain May Be More Unpleasant Than The Pain Itself, Study Suggests. Researchers from the Institute for Global Health Innovation, Imperial College London, and the Wellcome Trust Centre for Neuroimaging
19 Signs You Need To Unplug From Your Smartphone. Enough said. If you find yourself checking emails after dinner or at your cousin's wedding, it might be time for a little
Have a Vegan-Inspired Thanksgivukkah. Thanksgivukkah is one of the rarest events we'll ever experience. So get creative, dig deep and turn your celebration into eight days of gratitude and compassion. Honor the future -- of all peoples, animals and our Mother Earth -- by making your holiday food and activities vegan-inspired.
7 Healthy Takes On Popular Holiday Beverages. At the first sign of chill in the air, seasonal holiday drinks take over coffee-shop blackboards. From peppermint mochas
New Recommendations to Doctors for Treating Sleep Apnea. For adults with obstructive sleep apnea, using CPAP therapy or other airway-opening devices are one of the best courses of action to treat their sleep disorder. Overweight and obese adults with sleep apnea should also be encouraged and helped to lose weight as part of treating sleep apnea.
Thinking Before Eating Provides Time To Justify Giving In To Temptation. \With justification we refer to making excuses for one's discrepant behavior, so that when experiencing a self-regulation
7 Practical Tips for Reducing Stress. We all know that exercise releases endorphins which are responsible for increasing your minds ability to elevate mood and feel good. The more you are active the better you will feel.
During Your Depression. We were left puzzled as what to do until the doctor informed us of depression. Suddenly, we possessed an understanding and a willingness to be patient, and the understanding to show you immense love.
The Ultimate Illustrated Guide To Planning A Healthy Thanksgiving (INFOGRAPHIC). Text by Sophia Breene. Graphic by Kim Steinhilber. Thanksgiving Dinner is traditionally a time to indulge and relax, which
The 12 Diet And Exercise Secrets Male Models Swear By. 12. Don't Do It Alone Getting fit is much more fun when you have others to share it with. There's nothing like having buds
Which Wolf Are You Feeding?. Spend some time each day practicing an attitude of gratitude. Become aware of when you are lashing yourself with a \not good enough\ whip and turn it around by thinking of the things you are grateful for. Try asking yourself, several times a day
The Grand Delusion of Certainty. Humbled, I've watched my courageous clients tolerate the uncertainty of what is to come and leap off the mountain without looking back. Some have found great success with their next steps, while others have not been as fortunate. If nothing else they now know that they can tolerate failure, they don't have to fear it. They jumped off the mountain and they survived.
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (Nov. 22-28). One of the most important aspects of self-care is communication, knowing that each person you're with is trustworthy.
From Corporate to Kauai. While I had hoped for more happy inquisitive reaction, I mostly got a full dose of, \But you had it all, Gayle!\  \Are you crazy?\  and \How will you survive?\ My favorite was, \But you were so successful!\ Yes, I was, but I was now on my way to being even more successful.
Embracing Fear in Relationships -- And Learning to Use It as a Tool. No one knows what's going to happen tomorrow or the day after. And one of the leading causes of anxiety and stress and overwhelm is looking too far into the future and seeing all that could happen, without taking any time to be in the present moment.
Searching for God at Trader Joe's. This past week, I visited Trader Joe's in Stamford, Conn. searching for God. I posted two questions. In truth, it is clear
New Technology Brings Surfing Indoors. Although less so than in the past, the cost of building an artificial wave system is still substantial. A standing wave system
Ashley. I'm exiting the post office toward my car when she walks by me, with her white hair, mocha skin, translucent eyes that stand
During Your Depression. Your experience with darkness has shown all those who love and care about you. Not only has it brought us closer together as a family, but the exercises have made us all realize what is important to us in our lives, and where our priorities lie. Even in your dark times, you still change lives.
Upon the Death of My Mother. And then there is Rich, who felt misunderstood by his mother most of his life, similar to the way I had felt with my mother
Cake and Ice Cream. \What?\ I asked. \He told me they'd had a year of cake and ice cream -- both literally and figuratively.\ Cake and ice cream
At the Top of My Lungs. I remember her cool hands on my forehead hot with fever, and bowls of soup when I had a cold. If only a mother's healing powers could soothe away a tumor, and I could see her in the morning with the sunshine on my face.
How to Handle the Fear of Missing Out. Do you ever experience a fear of missing out? In this video I share my spiritual tips for working through it.
8 Life Lessons From Aesop's Fables. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
The 'Very Strong Connection' Between Stress And Digestion (VIDEO). The stress you experience every day may be making itself known in your intestines. The doctor clarified that it's a myth
As Sugary Drink Intake Decreases, Health Markers Improve. There were no significant differences in the prevalence of diseases. However, health markers like high blood pressure were
Merkle CEO David Williams Unwinds By Racing Cars (VIDEO). For more on the Third Metric, click here. While some people relax by curling up with a good book or taking a nap, Merkle
Insomnia Linked With Early Death For Men. Insomnia symptoms could be a predictor of early death for older men, according to a new study. During that time period, 2,025
Chew! Live the Journey. The holidays are approaching, and it's not as though I can run out and buy you all a Chanukah or a Christmas gift, but I can give you this little gift, if you will accept it. Is that cup of coffee you are sipping unusually tasty? Look up, look out, look in. Embrace the moment.
Making the Most of the \Most Wonderful\ Time of the Year. This year, despite having a busier schedule than ever, I'm trying to be more conscious of this craziness, and do what I can to take better care of myself. I'm making a resolution to be bit more mindful, so that I can fully enjoy all these wonderful memories I'm trying so hard to create.
Today in the Mind of Parker J. Palmer. PP
How Teaching Gratitude In School Makes Kids Happier. Of course, this study couldn't determine whether gratitude actually caused the good outcomes (or vice versa). But it did
Avoiding Holiday Stress -- Can It Be Done?. As a relationship coach, over the years I've found some effective ways to stay more connected and enjoy time with family and friends during the holiday season. Here I'd like to share my top five with you:
6 Ways to Stop Escalating Fights With Your Partner. It's a big challenge to accept helplessness over another, but when you fully accept it, then you are free to take loving care of yourself and do whatever you need to do to not escalate the fight, and to then compassionately tend to your own feelings.
Thankful to Be Gluten-Free. There are lots of ways to make classic dishes with gluten-free twists. Or, you can completely re-invent your Thanksgiving meals to make way for new traditions.
How I Learned to Trust Again. What we've built over the last five years isn't worth throwing away any more than my son's thumb is worth cutting off.
CrossFit Is Dangerous -- Life Is Dangerous. Change brings controversy. You have a brain injury and you're doing CrossFit? Hold the presses, isn't that the one that people are dying from? I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but people die from everything
5 Effective, Tactful Ways to Say 'No!' to Overeating. Picture this. You are at a holiday party. A relative pushes a humungous piece of pie topped with whipped cream into your hands and says, \Have another piece, it's a holiday after all.  You can afford to eat more.\  How do you respond when you are really not hungry?  Try these tips:
Break the Routine -- Be Deliberate. We should act with purpose and make decisions that make us happy -- even if those decisions are disjointed or are against the norms.  The dots, sooner or later, will connect.
Fit Links. Next time you're brunching, keep an eye out for these stars
9 'Recipes' for Happy, Harmonious Holiday Family Gatherings. Watching people come and go and some reaching the point where they can no longer travel or cook or participate in the family rituals will make you realize how important family is. You never know what will happen between this holiday and the next, so savor every moment.
The Cost and Benefits of Emotional Honesty. One of the main factors that sets great relationships apart from merely good ones is the depth of emotional intimacy. There are, of course other factors that contribute but authenticity, vulnerability and deep emotional connectedness are right up there at the top of the list.
These Surprisingly Colorful Cold-Weather Superfoods Are Anything But Boring. But our collective negative view of broccoli could have to do with how it looks when it's served to us, explains Vandana
How to Eat Healthy for Under $6 a Day. A number of recent studies have demonstrated the increasing cost of fresh, nutritious food. Conventional wisdom suggests that this cost can keep you from eating as healthfully as you might like. But is eating healthy really as expensive as everyone claims?
Goodbye Trans Fats. Our food supply is wrought with artificial ingredients that have either been proven to be detrimental to our health, or their health impact is unclear. The bottom line to remember in light of this potential trans fat ban is that not only one ingredient, or lack thereof, does a healthy diet make.
We Tried It. Doing the Dream Body series made me realize that I rely on my workouts as a much-needed break from my life, and doing jumping jacks a few feet away from my dirty kitchen was ultimately too stressful, not a stress-reliever.
Acupuncture Could Ease Joint Pain From Breast Cancer Treatment. After the eight weeks, people who received the electro-acupuncture had a 43 percent decrease in their pain from before they
How to Eat Well and Feel Well for Thanksgiving and Christmas. A question I am often asked at this time of year is, \With the holidays just around the corner, how can I make healthy meals that are also delicious?\
Rethink Time Management. Modern conveniences like vacuum cleaners, super-turbo hairdryers and electronic juicers make life easier. The irony is that everyone feels pressed for time. The following recommendations are not going to add more hours to your day but they may alter how you think about and value time.
Even These Successful People Are Terribly Misguided About This One Important Thing. There's some evidence that this habit of boastfully depriving ourselves of sleep isn't only a modern phenomenon, though perhaps
Distancing Ourselves From a Loved One's Pain. Fear is not the only reason we back away from difficulty in the lives of those dear to us.  What one learns during childhood from those who raise us also sets the stage for the ability to show kindness and caring.  Unrecognized envy and jealousy can also play a role in how we respond.
6 Sources of Burnout at Work. While burnout can occur in many life domains (parents, spouses, and caregivers all can experience burnout), much of the burnout research focuses on work.
13 Gym Fails. There's a place for Lycra. Spin class perhaps, or maybe running through the park in winter. At the gym though, no one wants or needs to see the outline of your junk. Cover yourself up. The same goes for board shorts -- they belong at the beach. And sandals
How to Find Happiness in a Hectic World. This is the season for thanksgiving in many countries. Scour your mind for all the reasons you have for giving thanks. Give gratitude for them and your life will improve in all ways, and indeed you will be happier for it.
3 Steps to Outsmart Cravings, Part 1. In order to effectively learn how to ignore cravings, you must mentally rehearse the full miserable sequence of what would happen if you give in. So here's my exercise for you. The next time you experience a craving, stop. Grab a notebook.
5 Keys to Peace That You Already Have. Right there, I intimately felt the power of now.  I'd read about it, heard about it, and had seen more than one book title containing those words, yet I'd never understood it until that unexpected and routine moment of time.
Facial Flushing From Alcohol Linked With High Blood Pressure. The research, published in the journal Alcoholism
Bangladesh Making 'Exceptional' Health Progress Despite Poverty. The rate of women dying in childbirth has dropped by 75 percent since 1980 in Bangladesh, while infant mortality has more
Portraits Of Laughter Prove It Can Be The Best Medicine (PHOTOS). For more GPS Guides, click here. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and
I Have the Disease Known as 'Obesity'. I work out for over two hours a day. I eat \cleaner\ than 99 percent of the people you know. I have not put any artificial ingredients in my body for over a year and have less than 15 percent body fat. But I have obesity. I will always have obesity. It is a disease I live with every day.
A Man, a Turkey. I hereby decree that on Thanksgiving Day, our family and guests will observe a three-hour abstention from any technology more advanced than a hand-cranked eggbeater.
Testing Out the Ultimate 'Butt School' -- Pop Physique. Following class, I felt sore in muscles I didn't even know I had. I felt stronger, more toned, and have no doubt that regular attendance would be transformative.
Hugh Jackman Treated For Skin Cancer. People at particularly high risk for this type of cancer include those with blonde or red hair, light-colored eyes (blue
Twitter Could Tell You Where Flu Is Ramping Up, Study Suggests. Out of the 11 cities whose tweets were examined, there was a statistically significant correlation for nine of those cities
A Day of Being 'Stuck' (And How to Deal!). t's plain and simple
A Little Too Big. When you try to reason out why not eating is sexy, nothing makes any sense. The only person who can really turn it around is yourself. Once you think about what you want and what you are willing to do, you will find the perfect weight and healthy mindset for yourself.
Heal Alzheimer's Disease With Art. Anyone can use the healing power of art to reach a loved one living with Alzheimer's disease. The results can be astonishing.
More Americans Say Doctors Should Do Everything Possible To Keep Patients Alive. The Pew survey found that 62 percent of Americans believe that people in a great deal of pain, with no hope of improvement
Redefining Self-Care. Start your day with love. When you wake up, and certainly before you start making your mental to-do list, ground yourself in love. Remind yourself of your worthiness before you even get out of bed.
(500) Days of Cancer. One of my favorite movies is (500) Days of Summer. As I've been reflecting on my own past 500 days, it's amazing to think of all that has transpired since Day One. November 24th will be Day 500 in my own ongoing relationship... with cancer.
Rules of Engagement. If it's really bad and you see no resolution, here's a crazy idea
Using A Smaller Bowl Could Curb Kids' Overeating. \Based on these findings, using smaller dishware for children may be a simple solution for caregivers who are concerned about
5 Tips for Minimizing Family Tensions Over Thanksgiving. Family gatherings over the holidays usually involve heightened emotions of all kinds. Such events might begin with an atmosphere of joy, connection, love and caring but they don't always end on the same note.
Her Friends Want to Set Me Up With Other Women. And so I dread the possibility that one of her friends will ask me the dating question since I'll never be able to give them the answer they want to hear. At the same time, I do find some comfort in these conversations because I know that they're just trying to look after me in her absence.
Food Label Details Could Have Big Influence On Consumer Purchasing, Says Study. The study was published in the journal Applied Economic Perspectives and Policy. The researchers conducted the study, by
Meditation Is a Place of Refuge. Meditation takes us underneath the stream of me. Below our strong ego is an even stronger presence. Meditation discovered by seekers in all the great traditions brings us to the heart of the mind.  And this heart is a universal place of refuge.
Positive Statuses and Challenges From a Dating Perspective. In a world that is obsessed with fitness, six-pack-abs, cardiovascular diseases and diabetes, there is something more imperative
Antibacterial Products. Make it a priority to avoid all antibacterial products -- including that antibacterial soap you thought would keep you and your kids from getting the flu. Good old fashioned soap and water works just fine.
Longevity, Anyone? Top 20 Reasons to Go Vegan During World Vegan Month. A planet that desperately needs all of us to go vegan, the torture and suffering of animals who want their lives as much as we want ours, and contests with prizes such as your weight in chocolate
Necessary Change for Happiness. I know that I want nothing more than for my kids to be happy. I feel so good that I had enough sense to change my life so that I could be an example for my kids, and show them how important it is to be happy.
7 Ways to Lift Your Spirits on a Bad Day. You have a full day ahead of you and you'd prefer to stay on good terms with your loved ones by not subjecting them to your foul mood shrapnel. (Thank you very much!) How to turn it around? Try these seven tips to help shift your occasional bad mood to a happier place.
The No. 1 Killer of Teens in the U.S.. There is a growing epidemic in America that is taking the lives of our young people. It's in most of our homes and it can easily be obtained from a friend or doctor. Prescription drug abuse is real problem among teens and young adults that gets bigger every year.
The Do-Anywhere Workout (VIDEO). The magic is in the movement \stack\
Get Over Yourself and Start Living an Awesome Life. Knowing how to take care of yourself, learn new things and gain life skills is essential to living an awesome life, but once you cross that line into being prideful for the sake of proving something to the world, you start to do yourself a great disservice.
Statins for Women? Not for My Patients. All told, we have here an unsafe, unnecessary product that will now be recommended to healthy people to make them sicker, all when simple, health-fortifying lifestyle changes have been proven to be effective and globally transformative in ways no pill could ever hope to be.
The Unexpected Source That Inspired Whole Foods, Apple's Sleek Design and The White Album. \Cohen had spent the past 50 years ploughing his way through drugs, drink, countless women and several religions in an attempt
One-Minute Training Video Could Spur Faster CPR Action. \Given the short length of training, these findings suggest that ultra-brief video training may have potential as a universal
10 Promises to Make to Yourself Today. If a promise is indicative of our dignity, what about the promises you make to yourself? Do you really respect your personal pledges? Take a moment to make yourself the following 10 promises -- virtuous vows that will strengthen your willpower and reaffirm your future potential.
Bitter Melon Could Slow Head And Neck Cancer Growth, Animal Study Suggests. \It's difficult to measure the exact impact of bitter melon extract treatment on the cell growth, but a combination of things
8 Tips for Surviving Depression and Anxiety During the Holidays. Experimenting with a different way of celebrating the holidays this year can lift your spirits and get you out of a funk. For some, major depression, anxiety, and suicidal thoughts are alleviated if they are engaged in healthy activities leading up to and during the holidays.
VIDEO. This recipe is delicious and can easily be modified if you choose to add a little lean protein in place of the beans. I also love, for those of us who have the picky eaters in our home, that this recipe invites us to customize our very own potato, choosing our own toppings and sauces.
Fixing Food Stamps for All? Could be a SNAP. I believe food stamps could be reimagined, and the result could be a win for all concerned. I see many more challenges in the realm of health promotion with just such win-win potential.
Thanksgiving. When you focus on making the present a joyful and loving experience, you don't dwell on the past or worry about the future anymore. Honoring the present moment with appreciation and value allows everything else to take care of itself.
No More Resolutions! 9 Strategies for Fast and Lasting Fat Loss in 2014. Rather than make a seismic shift, let's take small but powerfully effective steps to get lean and healthy. Here are nine effective strategies to take control now. That way, if you have New Year's Day regrets, getting on the scales won't be one of them.
How to Find Yourself, When You've Lost Yourself. Get uneasy, get scared, become a beginner again. You will learn something new about yourself, not only about your character, but what turns on your light. Once you've found something that turns on your light, you've found purpose.
Music That Keeps Us In The Moment. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
You Should Be Dating a CrossFit Girl. Here's Why.. You are probably sitting there going \Ugh. Is she really going there?\ YUP I AM. I can also pretty much guarantee that at some point while reading this you are going to start nodding your head in agreement... I can't wait for that part.
'Namaste' To Tim J. Luddy Of Mother Jones Magazine. When the editors of Mother Jones recently announced that longtime creative director Tim J Luddy was leaving the magazine
In Search Of More Primary-Care Doctors. She is convinced that the U.S. is moving toward a health-care system that will put a much higher priority on keeping people
The 11 Cardinal Sins Of Email. 10. Being afraid to use an alternative form of communication. \One day several zillion years from now, when aliens from a
The Most Prevalent and Devastating Disease Your Doctor Has Never Heard Of. There is something elusive in the nature of the illness such that unless you live it, or live with and care for someone who does, it's almost impossible understand or describe. You might come close after decades of treating patients. At every turn, language fails.
3 Ways to Listen to Your Body Before Your Brain Explodes. The body knows way before we do when it needs a break. And we as a culture need to start listening. We need to encourage \no-excuse\ breaks, mental health days and most of all, saying \no.\
The Controversial Life Of Skim Milk. Three cups a day
Children At Risk Of AIDS Should Be Tested For HIV At Birth, UN Says. \We made a lot of progess during the last 2-3 years in terms of treatment, in terms of medicines, in terms of making sure
Statin Drugs, Profits, Politics, and Compassion. The latest guidelines for statin drugs, issued by the makers of those drugs, would have us believe that pretty much everyone
FAA To Require Obese Pilots To Undergo Sleep Apnea Screening. ABC News reported that the move comes after a high-profile accident where two pilots fell asleep while flying between islands
Kids Know Better. Here's why small children don't often wallow in insecurity, hold grudges against others or overthink. They haven't been wrongly trained yet that their upsets come from something or someone else.
A Family Christmas Tragedy. At this Christmas time, we can rejoice with ad agency executive Madonna Badger in her recovery from the unspeakably tragic loss of her three young daughters and her parents in the fire that destroyed her Connecticut home two years ago.
Slow Head-to-Toe Workout. Perform as many repetitions of each exercise for one minute each.  If two sides are being worked independently (unilaterally) either split the minute into 30 seconds, or do each side for one minute.  Your choice.
Wheelchair Wisdom. I believe that life is an ongoing journey and with each passage in life, we question, make mistakes, learn, create, expand, grow, transform, and celebrate each step of the way.
Dare to Be 100. The new global health focus has a big agenda to confront, but we are fortunate that the system at last seems to be waking me up to the new reality.
Dips vs. Kickbacks. More from Shape.com
My Privates Have a Personal Trainer. Ally appears in the waiting room and walks me back to her office. I showered and shaved this morning, as if primping for a hot date. This lady has seen more of me lately than my husband has.
How to Feel Great About the Way You Look. I could put on makeup and do my hair, but I had no concept of what it looked like. I also could not see the scale, so I never got on it.  What I never expected was that I would feel more beautiful than I ever had -- at that point of almost total blindness.
Common Drugs That Can Change Cancer Survival NOW. While there may be benefit in promoting more standardized cancer treatments, it adds to the already prohibitive cost of health care and often leads to the loss of the personal care provided by a private oncologist.
Autism Fantasy, Autism Reality. Yes, autistic people face challenges, some of them severe, but to present their lives as nothing more than unrelenting tragedy and despair is simply dishonest.
Have a Happy Holiday Without Tipping the Scale. This season, as you pass the mashed potatoes and gravy, you can also pass on holiday weight gain if you just burn off that bird before you gobble it up. After all, you owe it to yourself after your hard work all year!
My Cancer Baptism by Fire. I may have a background in radio, but I've never given a long speech or a talk in my entire life.  This was not the place where I had ever envisioned giving one, let alone giving my first one ever.
Freefall. If you have one hour of air and many hours to go, you must breathe slowly. If you have one arm's length and many things to care for, you must give freely. If you have one chance to know God and many doubts, you must set your heart on fire.
Running or Exploring. The past two weekends I have had two experiences that have firmly cemented in me that the primary reason I run is to immerse myself in nature and explore the scenic beauty of the wild as fast as possible under my own manpower.
The Mayor of Mayors. Whether in your home town, your place of work, house of worship or social network, we all bear the responsibility and possess the opportunity to bring some light to our environments and our world.
My Name Is Tom. That split-second of recognition that we were fellow humans, equally important, hit home. This was one of those moments where all of my ambition, grandiosity, ego and pride just fell away.
Setting the Record Straight on Supplements. So many people today are confused about supplements. Even many doctors, nutritionists, and other health experts are uncertain. Why? Because there's so much conflicting information in the media.
The Weekly Rune. Othala indicates that we are carrying a weight greater than a single life can bear. It's telling us that before we can seat into the role of elder in our lines, we must bless those who came before us. We must relieve them.
The Food Ties That Bind. Dietitians for Professional Integrity released \The Food Ties That Bind,\ a report that details the messaging Big Food shared with dietitians at 2013  Food and Nutrition Conference and Expo.
Thanksgiving Thanks for a Healthy Life. Even the smallest thing, like the incredible scent of roasting coffee or the wonder of the intricate shape of a flower petal -- can be overlooked when distractions threaten to drown out the here and now.
5 Key Tips to Start Your Mindfulness Practice. Before even attempting to do any practice it's important to understand that your practice is not a performance. Each practice doesn't need to be evaluated about whether it was a \good\ meditation or a \bad\ meditation.
What This Personal Trainer Wants in Her Gym Bag This Holiday Season. Statistics aside, the holidays can be a great time to practice self-control around the buffet and get creative about sneaking workouts in amongst all the craziness. It can also be an opportune time to ask your loved ones to give you gifts that encourage a healthy lifestyle.
You Are What Your Grandparents Ate. Jirtle's work led to the birth of epigenetics, possibly the most exciting new scientific development of the 21st century
The Best Predictor Of Who Your Teen Will Be Friends With At School. \People generally want to think that kids are choosing their friends from the well-known categories like jocks and nerds
These 9 Happy Mantras Will Give You A Brighter Outlook, Instantly. GPS Guides are our way of showing you what has relieved others' stress in the hopes that you will be able to identify solutions
Those Who Mind. It's hard work changing yourself to suit every situation. It's hard work over thinking everything you say to make sure it's just right, and it's hard work having your only validation come from the reactions and approval of others.
One Man's Journey From Obesity and Diabetes to Health. Today, three years later, John has lost the 70 pounds (after formerly weighing 230 pounds), changed his lifestyle permanently, and no longer suffers from diabetes. In fact he says he feels good every day.
Death and Dying. This study is evidence of what can go wrong when doctors, patients and families fail to have frank and open communication about end-of-life care. It is also, in the clarion call of its conclusion, \a first step toward refocusing care on treatments that are more likely to benefit patients.\
10 Ways You're Sabotaging Your Workout. 3. Not Training Opposing Movements When working out, many trainers will advise working opposing movements, like pairing a
Screens In The Bedroom Could Hinder Boys' Sleep. By Tara Haelle In other words, autistic boys' playing video games in their bedrooms appeared to be the biggest part of their
Are Sugar and Sloth the Causes of Obesity -- Or Just Convenient Whipping Boys?. When it comes to weight problems, sugar and exercise are red herrings, for the most part. We have not come to terms with our collective addiction to the meat and cheese that are making us and our kids fat -- or when we lack the courage to confront the industries that sell them.
Be an Animal! Act on Instinct. Honor your instincts. Gut feelings. Women's intuition. Whatever you want to call it, give yourself the freedom to say, \I don't know why this doesn't feel right, but it doesn't so I'm not going to do it. Sorry. Sayonara.\
Vitamin B12 Correlated With Higher Cancer Risk (But Don't Panic Just Yet). An increased vitamin B12 level makes sense for cancers associated with high intake of alcohol, such as liver cancer, the
Global Spending On Medicines To Surpass $1 Trillion In 2014. The world's largest drugmakers include Novartis, Pfizer, Johnson & Johnson, Roche, Sanofi and GlaxoSmithKline. Spending on
7 Caffeine-Free Ways To Boost Your Energy. By Laura Tedesco for Prevention When your energy level falls into the red zone, you probably reach for our culture's quick
\Love Your Mother\. Once when my children were in their early teens, I did a ceremony in the back yard with them.  Kneeling on the grass, as they stood watching skeptically, I patted the ground and said, \The Earth is your mother.
Cutting to the Chase. The cancer conversation needs to be different. It needs be about preventing cancer altogether. I would have given anything to see a cure for all the people in my life with cancer. It is clear, our focus needs to be on cancer prevention addressing further sharp increases in incidence of cancer.
5 Tips for a Lower-Key Approach to Thriving in the Holiday Season. Here are 5 tips for what you can you do to take care of yourself and make feeling blue from a sense of loss of control more manageable?
Low-Calorie French Fries Recipe. What if I told you that you could make your own healthy fries out of a vegetable that is super low in calories and high in fiber that can actually help you lose weight?
We Tried It. Certain positions and rolls were incredibly uncomfortable in the best way
3 Things You Can Do to Improve Your Mood in 2 Minutes. Next time you are feeling overwhelmed by whatever is arising for you emotionally, try standing up straight, smiling, or putting a hand on your heart. For a super boost, try all three.
Health at an Impasse. We could blame it all on the food companies that make the junk food, and the technology companies that keep inventing more ways for us to be sedentary. But as noted, the enemy is both them and us.
Change Your Shoes and Step Into Fearless Conversations!. You need to step into your fear in order to step forward! That starts by having fearless conversations that take you far out of your safety zone, but directly into your freedom.
Why Moving Your Workout Indoors Isn't A Bad Thing. \The skill of emotional flexibility is very transferable,\ he added. (Editing by Patricia Reaney) In the social setting of
What Your 'Life Story' Really Says About You. Your story is constantly evolving, becoming more positive later in life. And when it comes to life stories, our current emotional
Raise Your Hand. I still have my \hands in pocket\ moments of vulnerability. I learned to trust my voice a ways back, but I still struggle at times to initiate hard conversations with friends and family or ask for help.
More Than Half Of Teens With Mental Health Problems Aren't Getting Treatment. The study, published in the journal Psychiatric Services, is based on 10,000 U.S. teens who participated in the National
New Cholesterol Guideline Called Inaccurate By Top Boston Heart Doctors. New cholesterol treatment recommendations released by two heart organizations last week have come under fierce criticism
7 Ways to Ruin Everyone's Thanksgiving -- Including Your Own. It's that time of the year again.  The time when family dramas and conflicts that have been kept at bay will resurface and issues get stirred up.  The time when we have to see people that we wouldn't choose to see the other 364 days of the year.
How Smoking Accelerates Skin Aging. We all know the damage smoking does to the lungs and cardiovascular system, but do you fully know what it can do to the health of your skin? The long-term effects may be much worse than you think.
Prana, Practice and Power. In this interview, Iyengar Yoga teacher John Schumacher discusses the yogic concept of Prana, the life force or creative energy, and the role it plays in the practice of yoga.
Pain and Prana. \Yoga-related injuries.\ The phrase sounds ridiculous.  I've been backcountry skiing, diving with sharks, and this is how I get injured? Who does this?
Your Brain Processes Information Even When You're Not Conscious Of It. Photo credit
No Time for Yoga or Meditation? Don't Worry. It all started in yoga. \Oh, you mean pay attention. Okay, yes I want to be in class.\ \Uh, I am in class,\ I said, as I
No Time to Clear Out Your Home? Try This!. I don't know about you, but whenever I think of de-cluttering my home, it seems really overwhelming. However, these tips have helped me to break it down and do it stress-free.
Codependency, Don't Dance!. The narcissist dancer, like the codependent, is attracted to a partner who feels perfect to them
Birth Control Linked With Higher Glaucoma Risk. Taking oral contraceptives for at least three years was associated with a 2.05 times higher risk of being diagnosed with
Recluse Spider Bite Eats Hole In Young Woman's Ear (PHOTOS). Therefore, the recommended treatments for these spider bites are icepacks and painkillers, van Wijk told LiveScience. The
Athletes Have A Lower Risk Of Diabetes, Study Finds. By Amir Khan \The underlying causes [of type 2 diabetes] are multifactorial, but overweight, physical inactivity and genetic
Just Say 'No,' Tactfully, To Avoid Burnout. The holidays are right around and the corner, year-end reports are due, co-workers are asking you to cover for them on vacation
7 Steps for Staying Happy Through the Holidays. I know it's not even Thanksgiving yet, but the holiday season has begun, and just as you have to prepare in advance for
13 Surprising Home Remedies For Acid Reflux. Acid reflux or GERD (gastroesophageal reflux disease), which is a more scientific way to describe heartburn, affects 50 percent
Putting On Face Cream Helps Ease Embarrassment, Study Finds. From Mother Nature Network's Melissa Breyer
Our Legacy. Take a moment to think about the most impactful moments in your life -- the ones that changed the fiber of your being, that
Revenge. This is a time to love and accept yourself, not to judge or beat yourself up.  It's a time to express your hurt and anger in a healthy manner.  Expressing your hurt and anger is a special process in itself.
The Magic of Life. There are two aspects to knowing life
The Real Me. Several weeks ago I had that moment. With very little forewarning we were thrown into each other's path. It was as though the heavens above took mercy on me. Many years ago he had told me we were Soul Mates. I have always believed this. I still do.
Why Cuck Fancer?. It's simple. In no way shape or form when you hear the words \you have cancer,\ do you ever feel a sense of joy, relief, or excitement. IT SUCKS. You immediately think about the worse case scenario and you don't remember a word your doctor says from then on.
Your Afternoon Coffee Habit Could Take A Toll On Sleep. If you rely on a late-afternoon caffeine boost to get you through the rest of the day, your sleep could be taking a hit, according
Controlling Blood Pressure an Important Way to Help Your Heart. There's some major news in the cardiovascular world that I want to make sure you've heard
Dry Eye Syndrome More Common In Major Cities, Study Finds. The study included data from 606,708 veterans who visited one of 394 VA eye clinics to receive treatment for dry eye between
Obamacare's Upheaval of the Insurance Market. The ACA is really a \Health Insurance Reform Act\ -- its greatest impact is to increase the number of insured individuals, to guarantee essential benefits, and to regulate health insurance companies.
Social Network Size Linked With Brain Region Size, Connectivity. Indeed, an association was found between size of certain brain regions, connectivity between brain regions and the size of
Heart Studies v2.0. The collaboration hopes to build on the population studies by adding more and more diverse subjects, more genetic analysis
5 Essential Bodyweight Exercises (VIDEO). By Life by DailyBurn Ditch the dumbbells and still build strength? Yes, it's possible! The right bodyweight exercises can
5 Leafy Greens You've Probably Never Eaten (But Should!). Chickweed Salad with Tangerine Vinaigrette Don't say the word weed when serving this genteel salad. Delicate chickweed tossed
Lifestyle Choices May Help Treat Mild Sleep Apnea. DEAR MAYO CLINIC
StepMill Glute-Sculpting Workout. Rather than giving up your tight buns for cinnamon buns, try switching up your typical glute routine by adding in this StepMill glute-sculpting workout.
Yes, You Can. Since part of survival is accepting that you cannot change outside circumstances or people, it is imperative to accept and feel empowered by the realization that you can transform yourself. It's a super power.
How Leaving The Light On All Night Messes With Sleep. While this study showed the potential impact of lights during sleep, past research has also shown that lights before sleep
The Statin Insanity. We currently have a statin epidemic, with 25 percent of adults over the age of 45 taking the pills, a large majority of whom do not have heart disease and have not seen the numbers.
8 Famous Ideas That Came From Dreams (Literally). Beatles legend has it that Paul McCartney composed the melody for \Yesterday\ -- the most-covered song in music history -- in
Nostalgia For The Past Boosts Optimism For The Future, Study Suggests. Both nostalgia and optimism have been linked with positive outcomes in past research. A 2011 study in the Journal of Consumer
No Time? No Problem -- Try Meditation on the Go. Placing your focus on a mantra is a meditative technique that is easy to incorporate into your daily routine. It can be used wherever and whenever you need it, just as soon as a negative feeling bubbles up.
How Dangerous Are Tough Mudders?. In West Virginia, a local hospital had to turn patients away after the injured participants from a Tough Mudder in the area
HuffPost Workouts. It's tempting to settle into living room DVD hibernation mode, no matter how much I remind myself about the benefits of exercising outside.
These Cold-Weather Mistakes Are Messing With Your Sleep (VIDEO). Now that the temperature's dropping, it might be tempting to let some of our healthier habits drop by the wayside. Maybe
Are Sidewalks the Answer to Weight Loss?. \Lifestyle change\ is the buzzword defining what has to happen if the obese are to become and remain thin, and the thin not to become obese. The ability to walk in safety, on sidewalks that lead to somewhere interesting, must be part of this healthy lifestyle if people are to follow it.
The Skinny on Saturn Returns. Remember that it's never too late, ever, to be the person who you are really supposed to be. The pain, depression and turbulence in our lives often come when we hold on to patterns, beliefs, jobs, relationships lifestyle choice, and environments that no longer serve us.
Happiness No Matter What. This is about being able to sail your unique, personal ship of life through the roughest storms and come through to a safe harbor. It is all about learning how to navigate the rough waters and enjoying the storms as much as the calm.
A Bearclaw and a Lesson. And with that she went back to her book and I sunk my head in shame. My daughter looked at me and all I could do was wonder
The Simple Truth to Meditation. Throughout your journey you will find moments of joy and pain, birth and renewal.  You will witness wonderful things.  Just remember that good or bad, they are all moments of empowerment if you learn to look deeply enough.
The Power of Pleasure. Dr. Gottfried says that the number one way to bring hormones into balance and to calm down cortisol surges is \toe curling
Welcome Aboard, Culture!. Snack time is always a favorite chapter of the night -- where we indulge in morsels of healthy treats from amaranth parfaits
The Danger of Values. The political danger of values has to do with a pretty pedestrian fact
Calorie Labels At Fast Food Restaurants Don't Make A Difference, Study Suggests. Plus, there didn't seem to be a difference in the number of times people ate at the restaurants from before and after the
Ask Healthy Living. Why do I get cramps in my legs after exercising? But why that imbalance exists to begin with is still a bit of a mystery
Coca-Cola's Assault on Tap Water. \Cap the Tap\ is a perfect example of the doublespeak that Big Food and Big Soda often employ. The carefully calculated veneer of wanting to be \part of the solution\ and \offering choices\ to consumers is negated by efforts like this one, which basically paints tap water as an enemy.
UK Program Posts Calorie Counts For Taking The Stairs. To fight the war on pudge, the United Kingdom is backing an initiative to label staircases with calorie counts to encourage
7 Ways to Sharpen Your Focus. Here are some practical ways to stay focused despite the blizzard of distractions.
Brain Regions Responsible For Nicotine Withdrawal Pinpointed by Researchers. Quitting is challenging because the brain becomes accustomed to constant doses of nicotine. If you stop smoking, the drug
Why Is Dengue Fever Cropping Up In Key West But Not Tucson?. One geographic mystery in particular has forced some epidemiological detective work. Despite that fact that large populations
What Happens to Your Brain When You Eat Junk Food (And Why We Crave It). Food companies are spending millions of dollars to design foods with addictive sensations. What can you and I do about it? Is there any way to counteract the money, the science, and the advertising behind the junk food industry?
Eliminate Your Negative Emotions, Keep Your Positive Emotions. Moreover, acting on the meaning that caused the positive emotion could cloud our judgment. Let's use the same example of
Are You as Loving to Yourself as You Are to Your Dog?. \David, this is who you really are. You are not your performance. Your performance will come and go and at some point you
Are You in Denial?. It's most important to remember anything is possible and that it may be in our power to make a change to prevent a potentially undesirable situation from becoming worse.
Cancer Patient's Brain Gives Clues To How The Disease Spreads. Researchers at Yale University have discovered a metastasis in the brain of a cancer patient that likely grew from the hybrid
The New Psychiatry. Most patients who come to me for treatment of depression and anxiety do so because they want answers.\u00a0 They want to know WHY they are struggling. The closest they will be offered by their prescribing psychiatrist or primary care doc is some reductionist hand waving about serotonin imbalances.
Stop Hating. The next time someone you know gets great news, don't hate -- celebrate with them. Remember, you reap what you sow
Study Suggests Bleach Can Reverse The Aging Process. \u201cI think that if our human trials show the same changes in mice, everyone will adopt this,\u201d Leung told HuffPost. \u201cIt could
Healthy Food Options At Schools Could Help Kids Eat Better. Researchers from Michigan State University found that when mostly or entirely healthy foods are offered either a la carte
Ukraine At Risk Of Polio Outbreak Amid Low Vaccination Rate. \There is a lot of public distrust (of vaccination). But polio is highly infectious - once it starts it spreads very quickly
Carbapenem Resistance. \We need to find ways to use valuable antimicrobial drugs more wisely and to develop new drugs and treatments,\ she said
People Are More Honest In The Morning, Study Suggests. Our bodies aren't the only things that tire out as the day wears on -- our moral compasses may take a hit, too. People are
Why Envy Is Not Your Enemy (And How to Use It). If you deny or externalize envy, you're actually losing out. Envy is in fact one of those fiery hot emotions that, with a little work, you can use.
The No. 1 Thing You're Doing Every Day That's Ruining Your Life. Stay open. It can be hard because we're accustomed to being closed. That's what assumptions do. But life will open up along with you as you more consciously choose thoughts, ideas and actions that affirm life.
You're Never Going to Make a Living as a Yoga Teacher (And Other Things Nobody Tells You at Yoga Teacher Training). Yoga is in! It should come as no surprise that the demand for yoga teacher training has grown exponentially in recent years. While the Road to Enlightenment is paved with good intentions, it can also be potholed with some sobering realities.
Best Friends and the Lessons Learned. As a bereaved parent -- for my own daughter and now for the daughter-of-my-heart -- I know and trust St. Augustine's words to be true.  For you see, I have no doubt that Sarah was holding out her hand to meet Ashley on that path, and they are best friends together again.
The Balkanization of Consumers in American Health Care. The latest Gallup Poll finds that more Americans cite health care and costs as the most important problem facing the nation, ahead of the economy and jobs.
The Yoga of Fullness. Holly Walck is a devoted student and teacher of Iyengar Yoga. She teaches in Bethlehem, PA and Malibu, CA, sharing with her
These Relaxing Raindrop Scenes Will Soothe Your Soul (PHOTOS). The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Meditation In Prison Helps Inmates Find Peace Behind Bars (VIDEO). People who are incarcerated who practice mindfulness show a better capacity to learn and pursue educational opportunities
What It's Like To Be An Indoor Cycling Instructor. Every once in a while a craze takes hold and bundles of jobs are created as a result. One such fad over the last few decades
Teens Who Stay Up Late Could Face Academic, Emotional Problems Later On. \This very important study adds to the already clear evidence that youth who are night owls are at greater risk for adverse
Ignore Your Inbox. By allowing your inbox to control your time you've been able to stop thinking about what you should be spending your time on. Your inbox shouldn't define what is important enough to have your attention, though -- you should.
Does Sugar's State of Matter Really Matter?. Studies have shown that there is something distinctive about getting calories in liquid form. Solid sugars affect satiety, while studies have demonstrated that liquid sugar doesn't suppress appetite -- sugary drinks' calories are just added.
The Health Care Option Most 20-Somethings Didn't Think They Could Afford. I steadily unloaded what had felt like a permanent weight off my shoulders and into my doctor's hands. With him managing my treatment, other doctors, and making sure I would never have to spend hours explaining myself before getting emergency treatment -- I could have a life again.
Home Care Bridging Generations. Plan crafts that can be used or displayed safely, such as decorating magnetic frames for the refrigerator. Work on a scrap
How To Cope With Annoying Coworkers Who Make Your Day Miserable (VIDEO). Colleagues become annoying for a variety of reasons and it's important to pinpoint exactly why they bother us, according
E-Cigarettes, Hookah Growing In Popularity Among U.S. Teens. Cigarettes and cigars are still the most commonly used tobacco products
Breath Test Could Help People With Diabetes Better Control Blood Sugar. And while it may sound far-fetched, Raed Dweik, MD, a pulmonologist with the Cleveland Clinic, said that breath is a lot
More Than Half Of Nonsurgical Hospital Patients Get Opioids. More from Everyday Health
We're Clueless When It Comes To Fast Food Meal Calories, Study Shows. By
5 Ways to Get Your Meditation Practice on Track. We all know by now that mindfulness meditation can create positive changes in your life. It works, but you pretty much have to practice it every day to really reap the benefits. Establishing and maintaining that kind of steady, daily practice presents a challenge, even for people with a strong motivation to sit.
Why It's Incredibly Important To Learn To Laugh At Yourself. \If you can laugh at yourself, you can forgive yourself,\ Susan Sparks, author of \Laugh Your Way To Grace,\ writes in a
Playing for Prevention. Although Alzheimer's is at least partially genetic, there is plenty we can do to keep our minds sharper. The technology we depend upon to keep our lives together, however, only seems to make us more scattered.
The 6 Things That Helped Me Get to the Finish Line of the Chicago Marathon. I would reach that finish line, even if I had to crawl, which is why I sought the help of professionals, like the podiatrist and a good physical therapist who preached that you don't run to train, you train to run.
Abracadabra. The blood sugar still swoops up or down wildly on occasion, taunting me. When I record the test results in a log, I still sometimes add question marks, angry exclamation points and \WTF? What's going on?!\ But I have finally begun to make peace with the enemy.
Practicing Mindfulness May Reduce ADHD Behaviors, Increase Attention In Young Students (VIDEO). The many benefits of mindfulness are not exclusive to adults. Maintaining a firm sense of the present moment could also be
When the Man You Love Asks You to Lose Weight. I yelled at him and told him he did not love me. Love would not notice the 300 pounds my 5'3\ frame carried. Confused, he just stared at me; he knew more than anyone how desperately I wanted and needed to lose weight. He alone knew all my secrets. He heard my disappointments. He hoped for my future.
The Best Recipe for Thanksgiving. On Thanksgiving, after we finished dinner, we moved to the family room. Each person chose a gratitude bag, took a pen and as many strips of paper as there were people present. The assignment was that we would write a \compliment\ or a \thankful\ note to each person.
Taking Music Lessons As A Child Could Physically Change Your Brain. Taking music lessons as a child won't just give you a greater appreciation for music, or make you better at keeping a beat
Real, Fictional, Historical, Famous, Dead Or Alive, Who Is Your Ideal Workout Partner?. For some people, the ideal workout partner might be that special someone. For others it's a close friend or a sibling. But
7 Choices To Survive The Toughest Of Times. The question is a deep and difficult one, and it comes down to this
6 Tips for Setting Your Intentions and Staying Focused This Holiday Season. What if, this year, you proactively set your intentions in order to avoid these mistakes before the holidays begin? Here are six tips to setting intentions, designed to help make the holidays happy, fulfilling, and light.
At the Top of My Lungs. I worked hard for a lot of years and genuinely enjoyed working.  But I have to say that I enjoy not working even more.  I see friends, exercise every day, read whole books, and when I feel tired I take a nap.  All in all it's a pretty nice life, except for the part where I have lung cancer.
Stupid Comments and Cancer. There's no consensus on what to say. Cancer makes people uncomfortable. Some people get nervous. Others are presumptuous. Some are naive. Here are some examples of the most egregious comments that have actually been said to me at one point or another.
The Latest in Holiday Gifts? A Silent Retreat. This holiday, instead of looking for the newest machine, people are finding the gift of a vacation from all machines. Instead
You Are What You Eat, And You Eat What You Earn. There are plenty of reasons why Americans eat the foods they do, but two of the most important factors in determining diets
What Happened When Denmark Instituted A Trans Fat Ban. The legislation was such that one could apply for exceptions. Makers of licorice that you can buy in bags--that is very popular
Why Companies Should Want Employees To Use Their Vacation Days. Though many employees shy away from taking days off for fear of falling behind, employers should push their staff to use
The Three Magic Words. Following these guidelines won't guarantee a successful result every time, but doing so will make that outcome more likely. Non-reactive listening and non-blaming speaking are learned skills that can be cultivated with practice.
5 Of The Best Foam Roller Exercises (VIDEO). Want to de-stress, improve flexibility and prevent injury in just minutes? Celebrity trainer Ashley Borden says foam roller
Mindfulness Impairs Implicit Learning, New Study Shows. \The very fact of paying too much attention or being too aware of stimuli coming up in these tests might actually inhibit
What Exactly Is Cheese Powder, Anyway? (VIDEO). Most modern cheese powder -- think the stuff on box mac and cheese and Doritos -- have more additives than cheese. Whey, vegetable
5 Things Your Smile May Say About You. The findings suggest that powerful people have the privilege of smiling when they please, whereas those with less power are
National Healthy Sleep Awareness Project. Sleep is about to get its moment in the public health spotlight, thanks to a new partnership between the Centers for Disease
What The New Pro-Statin Heart Guidelines Could Mean For PCSK9 Inhibitors. Nov 13 (Reuters) - New U.S. guidelines on heart health that favor potent statins may threaten use or even approval of a hot
Healthcare Costs Driven By High Device, Drug Prices. Elbert Huang, MD, MPH, FACP, associate professor of medicine at the University of Chicago, agreed that U.S. costs are partially
Whole Person Health Care Brings Out Your Inner Gardener. As lifestyle medicine takes off, my hope is that while caring for one's health through better diet and regular exercise is a progressive step forward, considering the \whole person\ rightfully includes tending to the thoughts we think on a regular basis.
Out of the Trans Fats and Into the Liars. Unless they ban the twin-terror of HCFS, any claims by the FDA about the GRAS change of trans fats improving the public health are doubtful indeed.
Wisdom From the Wind. My concern turned to panic as I watched cars and trucks whiz by; if Shaky couldn't regain his equilibrium he'd surely become
Why Improv Comedy Will Give You the Best Mindset for Life. Improvisation comedy will teach you to improv life. Life is rough sometimes with these walls and barriers and judgments we've set for ourselves. Improvisation takes you to new adventures.
The Most Important Question You Can Ask Yourself Today. If I ask you, \What do you want out of life?\ and you say something like, \I want to be happy and have a great family and a job I like,\ it's so ubiquitous that it doesn't even mean anything. What's more interesting to me is what pain do you want?
12 Things I Learned From Cancer. Cancer isn't the life adventure I would have chosen from a list of possibilities -- who would? -- but it is the one I got this time. And as it turns out, cancer had a lot to teach me.
Your Safety Zone or Mine? A Collaboration Story. When we receive communication from other people that does not support our safety zone, most of us will either fight or flight.  The challenge is every person's safety zone has been developed by unique experiences, beliefs, values and knowledge.
Inflammation Molecule Linked With Depression From Social Stress. However, researchers also looked at the levels of IL-6 released by the mice's white blood cells before this social defeat
Your Money IQ. You can't slap the money wisdom of prosperous people on top of all your old garbage about money and expect it to stick.
Why Won't They Do What I Want? 3 Surprising Mistakes You Are Making. Are you wondering why your \big idea\ isn't taken seriously at work, why friends pass on a great suggestion, why your significant other doesn't understand that you mean business?
You Can Start Now. It took me about three years to realize that this preoccupation of food was stemming from fear and loss
Misguided Optimism. I hear about it weekly -- clients coming to my office, being driven to their wit's end, by parents, husbands, wives, partners
Finding My Way Again... The Reminder That Every Journey Is a Process. The best thing about all of this is the fact that I feel like I have been reunited with myself. The confidence in me is building again at a rapid pace and I am feeling more like myself every time I make a decision to be true to myself.
Worst Fall Allergy Cities Of 2013 - Weather.com. Fall allergy season is here and it's back with a vengeance, thanks to record rain in parts of the South and Northeast. Read
Giving Thanks for a Sweet Goodbye. In my years of working with grieving clients, I have all too frequently heard grievers lament \Why didn't we ever talk about death when she was alive?\  \I wish we had been able to say goodbye.\   On the other hand, seldom have I heard regrets from people who did have the conversation.
Companies Getting Serious About Employees' Health. Research suggests savings may be harder to achieve when programs are voluntary than has often been thought. A report released
Will You Even Notice The Trans Fat Ban?. Will products be healthier? Although fast-food restaurants have not been required to label trans fat in their foods, many
Most Americans Would Use Smartphones In Public Restrooms And In Bed, Survey Shows. By
These Beautiful Ads Perfectly Capture The Meaning Of Wonder. Created this year by London ad agency Ogilvy & Mather, Expedia UK's \Find Whatever Floats Your Boat\ ad campaign appeals
Why Morning Yoga Beats A Cup Of Coffee. From Mother Nature Network's Lauren Walker
10 Ways to Worry Less. Imagine that you're floating away and viewing a stressful situation as a detached, outside observer, above the scene.  From this larger viewpoint, ask yourself whether the situation is worth worrying about. Give yourself permission to gain some perspective.
ACEs. Many youth experience events in their early life, through no choice of their own, which can be deeply stressful to a developing mind and brain -- both highly sensitive to beneficial and detrimental influences. The Born This Way Foundation is opening doors for many youth to have the full life they are born to live.
9 Keys for a Joyful (Stress-Free!) Holiday Season. The holiday season can be any way you want it
Yoga Outreach. \I look forward to each Tuesday evening knowing the time I spend with them on the mat is the most rewarding part of my week.\
Mindful Eating. From Mother Nature Network's Jenni Grover
What Animals Can Teach Us About Being Better Human Beings. They're diplomatic. Anyone who's had a longtime pet knows that animals can be unbelievably attuned to humans' states of emotional
Approaching the Holiday Season as an Alzheimer's Caregiver. You shouldn't abandon family traditions or change everything about the holiday experience because your loved one has Alzheimer's disease; instead, you should keep your traditions alive and make sure that you cherish the memories you have with them during this special time of year.
Why You Should Never Eat High Fructose Corn Syrup. In America today, we are eating huge doses of sugar, especially high fructose corn syrup. It is sweeter and cheaper than regular sugar and is in every processed food and sugar-sweetened drink. Purging it from your diet is the single best thing you can do for your health!
A Priceless Holiday Season. Instead of rushing around, stop and take in the sights and the smells of the season. Step back and ask, \What do I want to remember?\
Slow Down With These 13 Stunning Cloud Photos. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
The Truth About Post-Workout Shakes. You probably heard one of the basic tenants of getting bigger and stronger
Do You Struggle With the Doom Loop?. So many people never get to enjoy their life, their success, their excellence. Why? Because they live with an inner Gremlin that's addicted to The Doom Loop. And that Gremlin  gets terrified every time you stand out and got forward in your life.
Focus on How You Connect With Others. We're not going to eliminate technology from our lives anytime soon. Nor should we. Smart phones and social media expand
Some Vegetable Oils May Increase Risk Of Heart Disease, Study Says. A Canadian study has challenged the use of corn and safflower oils as healthy substitutes for saturated animal fats, saying
55 Healthy Seasonal Squash Recipes. We have to admit the title above is slightly misleading. This article's real title should be \55 Fall Cucurbita Recipes,\ but
ExtenZe Maximum Strength. The FDA said its analysis showed that the counterfeit ExtenZe contains sildenafil, an active ingredient in various FDA-approved
Obesity Linked With Increased Heart Risks, Regardless Of Metabolic Syndrome. \In support of this hypothesis, abdominal obesity often precedes the other components and may even be causal in the development
How Sleep Helps Visual Learning In The Brain. Photo Credit
A Listening Lesson. I'd told Annie I didn't want to carve a pumpkin. She bought enough pumpkins nonetheless. When it came time to carve, her
'It's What You Said, Mom. Change is inevitable in our lives. And some of those changes aren't always welcome. We can sit on the sidelines and ask, \Why did this happen? Why me?\ Or we can slowly make progress forward, even if our feet slip, toward that big shiny bell, sparkling with promise.
The World's 10 Most Polluted Places. Remote industrial towns, e-waste processing centers and the site of an infamous nuclear disaster top 2013's worst polluted
Depression Linked With Shorter Telomeres, A Sign Of Cell Aging. \A healthy lifestyle, such as enough physical exercise, not smoking and a healthy diet, might be of even greater importance
Could A Health 'Score' On Food Packages Help You Eat Better?. In addition, it's not clear how much front-of-package labels help consumers overall. In the study, the food labels did not
Is Your Ego Your Servant or Your Master?. Creating the illusion that we are the dust on the mirror, the ego ensures that we believe we could never be so beautiful as the radiant reflection beneath the surface. Yet how extraordinary to believe that we cannot be free when freedom is our true nature!
6 Unexpected Ways Writing Can Transform Your Health. It makes your mind -- and body -- better. According to a 2005 article in the journal Advances in Psychiatric Treatment, the
17 Years Later -- And 165-Pounds Lighter -- David Kari Rediscovered His Love For Cycling. By Christmas 2012, I was down to 185 pounds. I was off all my medications. Blood pressure and sugar levels were normal. Now
Too Much Soda Could Up Kidney Risks. By Flor Cianchetti More from dailyRx
Exercise Could Reduce Anxiety Symptoms, Study Shows. The authors did not disclose funding sources or conflicts of interest. The authors of the review concluded that exercise
The Life Out Loud. When I first heard about Torre DeRoche's memoir, Love with a Chance of Drowning, I thought, \This woman is totally insane.\ My perspective didn't change much as I read the book.  But my respect for Torre as a human being increased with each chapter.
In Response to 'The Biggest Medical Discovery of Our Lifetimes'. It is a dangerous assertion that functional medicine treats the patient as a whole whereas conventional medicine does not.
Switching Genders for a Day. That female reporter was unusual in pulling off her transition. Lilly Tomlin is the only female I know who could dress like
Gratitude. Gratitude is a feeling that eases so many disappointments, and keeping track of the good things in our lives improves mood and overall mental health. In this season where nightfall comes too early, and cold weather keeps many indoors, a bright spin on our days cannot be a bad thing.
How to Make Testosterone Therapy for Men Safe. Testosterone therapy should not be taken lightly but when managed properly can improve low testosterone levels, which is associated with a lower risk of cardiovascular disease and a lower mortality risk.
Dare to Be 100. 1) Lincoln ,A. Fragment on Government, July 1,1854. In The Collected Works of Abraham Lincoln. Ed. Basler RP,Vol.2.p.220
The Healing Benefits of Meditation. For the majority of my life I've had a meditation practice. Through meditation I've healed addiction, emotional distress and even physical conditions.
High-Tech Lives Spur Back-To-Basics Fitness Workouts. \It's my theory that we've hit a critical mass in group fitness,\ said Donna Cyrus, senior vice president of programming
Hurray! MERCURY Retrograde Is Over. Enjoy this period of sanity when the world is no longer going haywire - that is - until February 6, 2014 when the next Mercury retrograde begins. Until then, get busy. You have some things to do.
Lasers Could One Day Detect -- And Destroy -- Brain Disease. Follow Tanya Lewis on Twitter and Google+. Follow us @livescience, Facebook & Google+. Original article on LiveScience. CORRECTION
Do You React or Respond?. A response requires a more cognitive and authentic perspective. It involves a higher, more advanced level of thinking and reasoning that is consistent with our beliefs and values. When we respond we tend to come from a place of integrity, remaining whole and true to ourselves
Integrative Mental Health and the Healing Power of Connection. Is reducing mental illness to a gene study and a lab test really what patients deserve? Is this more important than listening to their stories and understanding the social and psychological environment in which their symptoms developed and are maintained?
What REALLY Kills Us. What really kills us prematurely, and all too often imposes years of misery beforehand, isn't a list of chronic diseases, but the factors that cause those diseases. What really takes years from life and life from years is a willingness to know WHAT, yet neglect the opportunity to know HOW.
Should We Be Guilt-Tripping the Public About Their Health?. Research findings on health have a tendency to make people feel guilty about their lifestyles. Should researchers attempt to avoid this guilt-tripping quality? Or, should they, in fact, be putting it to good use?
Why Young Women Should Spend Time With a Spiritual Elder. I have tremendous gratitude for the brave, passionate women who walked the wisdom path before me, and shed their light on it for all of the women who wish to travel a similar path too. It is a journey to awaken your \great woman spirit\ well worth taking.
These Sounds Will Promote Your Productivity And Creativity. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Can Vitamins Lower Your Risk Of Cancer?. Follow Rachael Rettner @RachaelRettner. Follow LiveScience @livescience, Facebook & Google+. Original article on LiveScience
PharmaCheck Could Scope Out Counterfeit Drugs. Malaria kills hundreds of thousands of people in Africa annually, and it sickens millions more. Medicine can keep the disease
Lady Gaga Says She's Addicted To Marijuana. Comparatively, Scientific American pointed out that in a 1994 study showing that 9 percent of people who've tried marijuana
I Worked Out With Tracy Anderson -- And Lived To Interview Her. I did not want to work out with Tracy Anderson. When I was invited to attend a workout with her last Friday morning, I frantically
The Flip Side for Giving Thanks. Thanksgiving is fast approaching. While most consider offering thanks for traditional bounties, my contemplation turns to the flip side
My Privates Have a Personal Trainer. I laugh a little, because I always laugh when someone talks about farting or peeing and she just mentioned both. And also because Ally, the physical therapist who I just met, is staring at my lady parts. I tense my pelvic floor muscles while she watches. I feel like I am winking at a stranger. With my vagina.
Sleep Problems for Soldiers and Vets. The frequency of sleep problems including insomnia and other forms of disordered sleep among military personnel is alarming and strongly suggests the need for more attention directed at treatment and prevention.
Polio Virus Strain In Syria Originated In Pakistan, WHO Says. \All the children (paralysed) are under two years old, so they were all born after immunisation services fell apart,\ Bari
Nuts Linked With Lower Pancreatic Cancer Risk. Researchers from Brigham and Women's Hospital and Harvard Medical School found an association between nut consumption and
5 Reasons the Friends You Never See Anymore Aren't Bad People. For anyone who is battling cancer, especially you young adults, don't fault these people. Love them anyway, even when they let you down.
When Dreams Turn Violent. REM Sleep Behavior Disorder is a fascinating experiment in nature. Individuals can act out their dreams -- occasionally with potentially violent or injurious consequences. Many patients adopt self-protective measures such as tethering themselves to the bed, using sleeping bags or pillow barricades or sleeping on a mattress in an empty room.
10 Common Mistakes That Prevent You From Being Happy and Healthy Today, Backed by Science. There are choices that you make every day, some of which seem completely unrelated to your health and happiness, that dramatically impact the way you feel mentally and physically.
The Perfect Abs Workout Playlist. Not sure which moves to do? Try these from Shape.com
Life Lessons We've Learned From Running. Even as a group of like-minded health editors, we are all different runners. But we can agree on one thing
How to Detox Someone Out of Your Life. This may come as a surprise, but toxins aren't just found in air pollution or your poor food and drink choices.  To really feel that desired sense of relief, clarity and glow, you have to look at all parts of your life.
9 Ways to Love Yourself. Sharing love is the most fulfilling experience in life, but you need to be filled with love in order to have love to share. Learning to love yourself is what fills you with love.
What to Expect From a Sleep Study. A diagnostic sleep study, also known as a polysomnogram (PSG), is a technique used to identify the presence of sleep disorders. At its core, a PSG simply involves connecting a patient to monitoring equipment and recording his or her sleep for a night.
Caught in Reactivity? How the Acronym STOP Can Help You Find Calm. Mindfulness meditation offers a specific, practical solution for reactivity. In this context, reactivity is defined as a negative, unskillful, impulsive reaction to a difficult situation. The solution is encapsulated in the acronym STOP.
The Top 10 Workout Songs for November 2013. This month's top 10 list pulls evenly from the worlds of rock and pop.  On the former front, you've got bands like Bastille, Imagine Dragons, and NONONO.  On the latter, you've got dancefloor divas like Lady GaGa, Rihanna, and Katy Perry.
Chocolate-Eating Teens Have Less Total, Abdominal Fat. Even though this new study was only in teens, past research has shown chocolate could have positive effects on weight for
6 Weird Ways Your Environment Affects How Much You Eat. The ambience Harsh lighting and loud music could be spurring you to eat more calories. Cornell researchers found in a Psychological
A Hospital Stay Inspired Chris Ponce To Lose 105 Pounds. How I Lost It
Seduced by Social Media. Only when we consciously decide to turn off our devices and, embracing our fear of rejection or discomfort, tune in to the people around us can we create the gloriously imperfect but deeply satisfying relationships we all crave and need to feel whole.
'Huh?' Is Global, Study Shows. Researchers from the Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics examined 196 recordings of 10 different languages used the
A Better Night's Sleep For A Slimmer Christie. While Gov. Chris Christie celebrated a big public victory in New Jersey on Tuesday, he has also been privately enjoying another
Low Vitamin D Could Impair Kidney Health After Transplant. They also looked for a 50 percent increase in serum creatine, which would be a sign of worsening kidney function, end-stage
Death Is Not Destroy. At one point I called him one night, panic-stricken, asking what I was going to do without him and he calmly said
How a Light Bulb Can Help You Sleep Better. Light plays a crucial role in helping the body function normally and produce the right amount of the essential hormone melatonin.
20 Million Children In Syria, Surrounding Countries To Receive Polio Vaccination. \We also know that adults tend to have much higher level of immunity already developed, so it is unlikely that adults brought
The Challenges and Joys of Unplugging Your Smartphone. Choosing to temporarily turn off our devices disconnects us from our habits of overstimulation, which for some has become a powerful addiction that consumes waking hours and distracts us from being involved in whatever is happening in the present moment.
Women Get Short Of Breath Faster Than Men While Exercising, Study Says. \Biologically, women's lungs are smaller,\ says lead study author Dennis Jensen, Ph.D., assistant professor at McGill University
Hay Fever Affects More Kids In The Southern U.S., Study Finds. Hay fever is most common in the fall and spring, but for some people, it can be a problem year-round. The Mayo Clinic notes
Women More Likely To Have Allergies, Asthma Than Men. \The importance of sex differences in the practice of allergy-immunology cannot be overstated,\ presenter Renata Engler, M.D
We're Spending A LOT Of Time With Our Digital Devices. Follow Tia Ghose on Twitter and Google+. Follow LiveScience @livescience, Facebook & Google+. Original article on LiveScience
Where In The World Are People Most Depressed?. For those who think of depression as a byproduct of the vapidity of western materialism, this latest study by researchers
How I Caught Alcoholism. I announced that I finally understood what everyone had been saying about how alcohol was a clear gateway to drugs, a fact I'd never known before because I'd always done drugs all the time -- without ever needing alcohol to ease the transition or give me the idea.
Dear Men. All those open letters telling you how to talk to women better? Maybe we could take some time learning how to listen to your quiet, how to learn from being with you instead of throwing words at every problem.
Three Ways Modern Technology Increases the Likelihood of PTSD Among Veterans. In a culture where being a worker, earning your keep, and providing for your family are highly valued and taking time to sit and reflect is seen as an indulgence, we've deprived our returning veterans of something they very much need
Rep. Tim Ryan. Achieving a state of mindfulness is the perfect way to stay grounded in a moment of conflict, and no one knows that better
Boy's Peanut Allergy Disappears After Receiving Bone Marrow Transplant. At age 10, he receive a bone marrow transplant for leukemia from a donor who did not have a peanut allergy. After the transplant
Freedom Is Now Affordable. I am always confused by critics of health care reform who associate freedom with employer-provided health insurance. There is nothing more freeing than having the opportunity to pursue a dream without the worry that you're one accident away from incurring crippling debt.
Why Do We Work So Hard?. But what if we were to work harder at being truly happy? What if we defined our true happiness as our ultimate success?  Well, all of a sudden, working hard isn't so hard anymore. In fact, it's quite enjoyable!
3 Easy Guided Meditations For Relaxation. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Too Many Young People Seeing Alcohol TV Ads, Study Finds. The researchers noted that this is the first time alcohol TV ad placement has been analyzed on a local level, showing that
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (Nov. 8-14). Even momentarily concentrating on healthy solutions rewires psychological patterns to receive and share healthy sexual love in the present.  Here are three meditations with the themes of limitations, curiosity, and familiarity for you to ponder and practice this week.
5 Things to Do to Stay Sane and Productive During the Holidays. While the anticipation of the upcoming holiday season may send shivers of joyful anticipation down the spines of children, those shivers experienced by entrepreneurs at this time of year are of anticipation of a completely different sort.
Federal Serving Sizes Differ from Typical Portions. Use visuals to help you estimate your serving size. It makes you think about how much food you're piling on your plate.
3 Ways to Experience Peace Through the Craziness of Life. The idea of being peaceful often stays a \nice concept\ that we don't feel like we can afford, but it sounds lovely. We exclude ourselves from the category of deserving or being able to have a peaceful existence. It just doesn't seem realistic considering all we have to get done.
Tips to Avoid Holiday Weight Gain. Take one day, and one holiday event at a time. If you do happen to overdo it, simply get back on track the next meal or the next day. No big deal. No harm done.
Everything You Know About Your Personal Hygiene Is Wrong. Research performed by Dr. Charles Gerba, a professor of microbiology at the University of Arizona, concluded that doing just
The Myth of the Alpha Dog. Dogs who do display dominant tendencies have in the past been diagnosed with \dominance aggression.\ But given our improved understanding of canine nature, that behavior problem is now more often referred to as \impulse control aggression\ or \conflict aggression.\
9 Ways To Become The Master Of Your Own Mind. Let your mind wander. Linger on the positive. \Meditation research, particularly in the last 10 years or so, has shown to
Study Shows Lost Sleep May Add Weight in Kids. What can 2.5 hours do? During the week the kids slept more they reported eating 134 fewer calories per day compared to their intake during the reduced sleep condition, and their measured weight was about half a pound less.
'Saxophone Lung' Developed By Man Who Didn't Clean His Clarinet For More Than 30 Years. An International Journal of Environmental Health Research study showed similar results, finding bacteria, yeast and mold
Dear Lululemon. I thought about how unfair women's sizes are to men's sizes. I do not wear anything that is considered a large. No one makes comments about my size anymore. I have not ripped or gone through a pair of pants in years. Yet if I was a women I would have to shop at \plus-size\ stores.
5 Things You Already Did Wrong Before 9 a.m.. Society has somehow accepted that it's okay to grunt, stumble and bitch our way through the start of every day. And so we do. What we don't realize is it's not just our bodies but our souls as well that need sustenance for a long day ahead.
A Simple -- But Not Easy -- Method to Transform Body Image. If you have ever hated your body, and if you still hear this voice sometimes like I do, or all the time like I used to, this is what I hope for us
Less Grabbing, More Thanks. If you're like most people during Thanksgiving, you slip back into the kitchen to \clean\ and nosh on seconds... and thirds... This initiates the holiday-season binge that carries through New Year's Eve, when you dutifully vow to lose weight among your resolutions.
10 Things Death Can Teach. When I was studying Mexican literature in graduate school, I learned about the Days of the Dead, which were celebrated just a few days ago. While most people here in the United States rarely celebrate death, I have come to learn that there are many lessons that death can teach.
Accepting Responsibility. As the language suggests, it is a \response ability\ -- the ability to choose our response in every moment to all that is going on around us.  A choosing that allows us to claim ownership of the circumstances of our lives, and thereby, to contribute to making them better.
Coping With Chronic Worry. Worries indicate you are invested in something, and they can motivate you to work toward your goal. Fortunately for most people, when worrying is unhelpful or interferes with their lives, they can usually put it aside.
Health Care Organizations Kludge Networks. We know that we need to reduce the burden of administrative tasks care providers are faced with to improve productivity and
Chronic Stress Changes Immune Cell Genes, Leading To Inflammation. This phenomenon was seen in mice, as well as in blood samples from people with poor socioeconomic statuses (a predictor of
Addicted to Work?. I gave myself an \A\ for having gotten really good at working really hard. And then took the weekend off.  Do you want to know the coolest thing?  My work was still patiently waiting for me this morning when I came back to it!
It's OK. The Produce Marketing Association's growers, suppliers and retailers will be allowed for two years to use iconic characters such as Elmo and Big Bird in messaging and on produce sold in stores -- all without paying any licensing fees.
Is Your Sense of Responsibility Working for You or Against You?. Sarina is currently working on her first book, Courageous & Remarkable Self, A Practice for Stepping into Your Greatness
The 10 Commandments of Teaching Yoga. Leave your sermon at the door. When a person walks into a yoga class, they expect to do yoga. Be careful with your words. Your beliefs are your opinions. Your opinions are your judgments. Judgments do not belong in the yoga room.
9 Antioxidants That Can Help Prevent Premature Skin Aging. As we get older, it's normal for our skin to gradually lose its elasticity and thin out. However, there are a variety of factors that can cause the skin to start aging at an accelerated rate.
Introductions and Icebreakers Aside. Culture made its way into dialogue as we found that even with our ancestral and religious differences, we have overlaps in
Quality Supplements Do Exist. Invest in yourself and your health. If you want to use natural medicines, see a licensed health care provider who has done his or her homework. It's worth your time and money to make sure your health is cared for by a professional who is familiar with natural medicines and their effects.
Tune In to Tune Up. Awareness. It changes everything. Responding from a place from awareness changes everything.
5 Exercises You're Probably Not Doing That You Definitely Should Be. Have you ever walked into the gym and asked yourself, \Where the ____ do I begin?\ (I'll allow you to fill in the blank.) Trust me, I have. But working out doesn't have to stress you out.  Here are five often overlooked exercises that you should be doing to maximize results.
The Biggest Medical Discovery of Our Lifetimes. Many people are searching for functional medicine doctors because they're unsatisfied with what conventional medicine offers. They're unhappy with the way conventional doctors think about their health. They're discouraged by the focus conventional medicine places on just suppressing symptoms.
Nutrition Of Recipes From Popular Food Blogs Evaluated In New Study. What are your favorite recipe blogs for nutritious meals? Share them in the comments! Researchers from Simmons College in
How Pema Chodron Saved My Life. Divorce, death, job loss, moving, it was a monumentally, ridiculously traumatic time. Life is bitter and life is sweet. It's painful and it's scary -- and it's the only way to know that we can fly.
Does Intermittent Fasting Work?. Which Plan is Best? There are a lot of intermittent fasting programs out there, but the only program I recommend is Eat Stop
The Science of Possibility. In my previous career, I worked with some really smart folks. When I told them I was becoming a life coach, their reactions were a mix of vague support and uncertainty as to what I was actually doing with my life. And to be honest, I wasn't always sure either. I often asked myself
Childhood Music Lessons Could Benefit Your Brain Later On. The brain response to the sound was fastest among people who had had four to 14 years of musical training in childhood, with
5 Reasons Why You Might Have Trouble Sleeping (And What You Can Do!). With chronic insomnia there is always a lot to the story... which is why over-the-counter and single agent medications don't always do the trick. We need to view insomnia as a symptom and look at what else is going on.
Could BMI Report Cards From Schools End Childhood Obesity?. According to the CDC, 17 percent of all children and adolescents are classified as obese in the U.S. This number has continued
Cholera Epidemic That Began In Haiti Continues To Kill Elsewhere. Historical records indicate cholera has been with humans for at least a millennium. The strains circulating now likely originated
Incognito, Martin Case Spotlights How Bullying May Persist Into Adulthood. According to the Workplace Bullying Institute, about 35 percent of U.S. workers say they are bullied at their jobs. The behavior
Epilepsy Drug Gabapentin Shows Promise In Treating Alcohol Dependence. A drug typically used to treat epilepsy may also be effective in treating alcoholism, the results of a clinical trial suggest
How to Manufacture the Best Night of Sleep in Your Life. Ah, sleep
On Freedom and Being Free. I think that what sets me free is the basic understanding and acknowledgement that at the end of the day, the opinion of others about me is irrelevant to my happiness.
5 Foods That Still Have Trans Fats -- But Won't For Long. Good news
This Is Why You're Late All The Time (And What To Do About It). 5. Reschedule your day. \Habits tend to be reflexive patterns of behavior and what we need to do is change that pattern,\ Bourdeau
After Losing His Father To Diabetes, Steve Weirich Dropped 90 Pounds. Name
What We Really Fight About When We Fight About Money. Because the subject of money can be so highly charged, it is a formidable challenge to stay in dialogue with a partner in a respectful responsible way. For some couples, it may require a great many conversations over time to set policies in place that are mutually satisfying.
Finding the Flow That Makes Your Heart Sing. We can address Flow conceptually, yes.  For me, a much richer way of getting to know Flow is to get to know it personally.
We're Eating What? Contaminants in Meat, Part 1. Meat contaminants are not likely to go away because they stem from Big Meat's desire to maximize profits by growing animals faster, squeezing them into small living spaces and keeping meat looking \fresh\ on store shelves longer. Here is a list of worst offenders.
Non-GMO Choices Make Halloween Less Frightful. Share this graphic from the Non-GMO Project with family and friends to provide a quick reference for avoiding GMOs in Halloween
Did Trauma Cause My Diabetes?. By now, I understand that the trauma of mourning contributed to a process that was probably primed to happen anyway.  Maybe my pancreas was already getting ravaged before my grandfather died and before any symptoms appeared.
Alphabet of Happiness. Laughter is your ally, magic potion and all-around salve for the soul. It comes in many shapes and forms, from an inner amusement that just makes you crack a smile, to the wild abandon of laughing till tears trickle down your cheeks.
Clutter. You may be wondering, \I don't have hoarding disorder, but I do have trouble getting rid of things and some clutter. How can I break this habit?\ Simply put, the best way to break a bad habit is to build a new habit.
What Boston Can Teach The Rest Of The Country About Living Well. The biggest benefits, psychologists say, is to the collective mental health of sports fans. Whether the team wins or loses
How to Write a Condolence Letter. Who knows what to say when someone dies?  Often, not knowing what to say, we put off writing the note and eventually don't say anything.  The intention to write is there, but what to say isn't easy or obvious.
A Good We Starts With a Good Me. A true partnership is about meeting in the middle, figuring out what each person needs separately and together and finding a way to compromise. Nobody should be a martyr in marriage.
14 Signs Your Perfectionism Has Gotten Out Of Control. Because of their intense fear of failure and rejection, perfectionists often have a hard time letting themselves be exposed
The Great Pumpkin Guide. Although I am a huge fan of pumpkin pie -- I am on a mission this year to get the nutritious orange puree out of just pie crusts and into some exciting new uses. So here are four pie-free ways to use one entire can of pumpkin this week with no waste!
You Don't Need More Motivation. When we say we need more motivation, we are looking for a reason that will get us to act.  And yet, I contend, we usually have plenty of reasons for taking action.  We know what we want to do and why we want to do it.  And yet we still don't act.
A California Love Story. When your mission statement aligns with Obamacare, and you get to make your patients feel empowered to manage their own health care coverage, that's a nice little love story on the health care playground.
Is It Healthier To Sleep Apart From Your Loved One? (VIDEO). Sharing a bed can be a real pain, especially if you wake up to snoring or stolen covers. But could it actually be healthier
How to Ask for What You Need in Your Relationships. Asking for what we need while in conversation increases our chances of walking away receiving what we needed.
7 Ways to Detox to Reverse Prediabetes. Research studies have linked toxic chemicals in the environment to an increased risk of developing diabetes. We'll never be able to escape toxins completely, but we can take steps to minimize our exposure and the effects they have on our bodies.
Going Vegan. If you're one of the 15 million Americans willing to move toward a vegan-inspired lifestyle but you're not sure where to start, why not try just adding this one thing to your life and see what happens?
Bless. Find your warmth and good wishes amidst the mental clutter, like hearing wind chimes outside amidst storm and rain.
Gut Bacteria Linked With Rheumatoid Arthritis In New Study. The exact cause of the disease is unknown, but genetics seem to play a part in susceptibility to other factors (such as infections
Breathtaking Trails To Savor Fall's Seasonal Beauty. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
10 Secrets of People With Extraordinary Willpower. People with extraordinary willpower look objectively at other people's success, admire the hard work that went into it, and use that as inspiration.
Knowing More About Your Doctor Could Boost Patient Satisfaction. This isn't the first time it's been suggested that rapport between doctor and patient could lead to patient benefits. A 2012
7 Ways to Optimize Your Brain. Given advances in imaging technology, we now know that the brain is affected by every experience, thought and emotion.
The ADHD Blame Game. For the benefit of everyone, we need to balance discussion about the impact of ADHD (which is real) from separate concerns about over-diagnosis or medication abuse (which are also real).
11 Reasons You Should Be Having More Orgasms. Additionally, research gathered in a study by scientists at Groningen University in the Netherlands found that when women
Can Family Conflict Drive Teen Girls to Drink?. What happens to adolescents, and in particular to adolescent girls, that leads to a significant number of them drinking heavily by the time they reach age 14, thereby placing them at risk for the above negative consequences, including sexual victimization?
The Extreme Case For Better Work-Life Balance (VIDEO). How far is too far when it comes to burnout at work? Wardi said that's when she decided to take action by leaving her job
Is it Possible to Give Too Much??. t's amazing how much more you can give when you're careful not to give too much. It's also pretty remarkable just how much more support you receive once you open yourself up to it and let the universe know you are ready.
It Should Be OK To Nap At Work. I didn't get enough sleep one night recently. I realize that's scarcely a big confession, but it's a rare event for me. Because
Rugby, Soccer Players Also Face Brain Damage Risks From Repeated Concussions. Yet the problem there, says Willie Stewart, a consultant neuropathologist at Glasgow's Southern General Hospital who is due
It's OK to Talk to Your Daughter (and Son) About Weight. None of this is easy. We can dumb it down all we want but kids are smart. They live in the same world we do. As parents or teachers or mentors, let's guide them with honesty and information rather than glossing it all over.
How Creative Are You? (QUIZ). 3. Soup 2. Drum Ready? Here are the words
Hot Air Balloon Crash Fatalities, Injuries Revealed In New Study. \Potential strategies for reducing landing forces include cushioning the bottom of the basket or employing crash-worthy auxiliary
Why Setting an Intention Every Morning Will Change Your Life. When you get clear on how you want to feel, you can make clear decisions that create the life you truly desire to live. The moment you tap into the feeling, you get your power back.
Be Different. The way to counter bullying is to be true to yourself and to realize that if you are different, like Bob Dylan or Benjamin Braddock, you are much more likely, as you get older, to enrich the world with your unique perspective on life.
Calm Candidates Do Better On Standardized Job Tests, Study Shows. Going through the job-interview process can generate anxiety for even the most qualified candidates, but according to a new
At the Top of My Lungs. In the gloaming, when the dark comes early and the wind whips cold, I imagine that house blinking and twinkling, glowing and coming to life.  Bewitched and bewitching it haunts me still, and when I follow its siren song I find my family, our young spirits housed forever in that home.
Kamala Nayeli's Tools For Mindful Relaxation. For more GPS Guides, click here. When the strain of the day becomes too much, it can be helpful to pull out a toolbox of
Laws Curb Workplace Smoke Exposure, But Some Industries Still Face High Risks. The study, presented at the annual meeting of the American Public Health Association, looked at occupational environmental
5 Ways to End a Friendship in a Friendly Way. However the conversation ends, remind yourself that you put time and thought into your decision and did what was right for you. You may be sad or angry or frustrated, and that's normal. But if you were able to speak from the heart and be kind and gracious in the process, you will be okay.
What Is Real Love?. So next time you are with the one you love -- each day you have a chance -- give them this wonderful gift of acceptance. The gift of real love.
Could Brushing Right After A Meal Be Bad For Your Teeth?. From Mother Nature Network's Melissa Breyer
7 Ways to Have a Better Workout This Week. Your body is an amazing thing. It'll adapt very quickly to whatever you throw at it. So quickly in fact that if you don't keep making it more challenging then your results will start to diminish.
Never 'Lose Yourself' Again. Tiny urges are there to guide you to your truth. The fact is, your purpose may not be to paint or become an artist, but the act of painting may allow your mind to shut off long enough for you to hear your truth.
Can You Really Sleep Too Much? Really?. Don't mistake sleeping more with sleeping better. For the best sleep for long-term health, aim for a not-too-little, not-too-much middle ground.
Keeping Your Heart and Brain Healthy. As we wait for the research to unfold, clearly more dollars need to be allocated to the world of Alzheimer's.  In the meantime, we can say one thing with confidence
How I Lost Weight by Gaining Sleep. For the past two months my baby boy had finally slept through the night on a regular basis. But, could that really make the
Simple Ways to Eat Clean for Overall Wellness. I'm not saying you have to give up eating cheeseburgers or skip bacon at brunch. What I am saying is that you should be more conscious about where your food comes from.
Trachoma. \When you go to a village, quite often from a distance you see children and think they're wearing eyeglasses,\ Carter said
Longboarding Is More Dangerous Than Skateboarding, Study Shows. By Rachael Rettner, Senior Writer Published
Longboarding Is More Dangerous Than Skateboarding, Study Shows. Skateboarders sometimes train in skate parks, while longboarders are more likely to ride on open roads, which introduces
18-Time Blind Marathoner Richard Bernstein Makes Triumphant Return To New York City. Bernstein, 39, well-known across Michigan, had been walking in Central Park when he was struck from behind by a cyclist who
So This Is Why Children Are Craving That Fast Food Burger. Over the past few years, fast food chains have touted the benefits of their healthier options, especially for children. But
A Third Strike Against Big Pharma. Given the influence on prescribers that the J & J and other cases reveal, there are just too many ways that care can go awry. It is thus essential that patients and families become informed and vocal advocates for their care.
10 Decisions That Will Make You Happier and Healthier. You can't predict your life, nor can you engineer the perfect next step, so stop putting pressure on yourself to figure things out. Step forward even if you are afraid or unsure.
More Companies Ditching 'Natural' On Food Labels. Now you see them. Now you don't. Food products labeled as \natural\ are starting to disappear. \Natural\ Goldfish crackers
Secrets Of The Extremely Fit. Head over to Men's Health for the full list. More From Men's Health
On the Origins of Cancer in the Paradox of Good Health. What is most striking is the lack of awareness among the public and health care providers alike about the growing evidence that many non-smoking related cancers may actually be, in part, a direct effect of modern good health.
'How I Am Beating Pancreatic Cancer'. I have a lot to be thankful for this November. I am a living example that there is hope in beating the odds against pancreatic cancer. I am a competitor. And in the race against pancreatic cancer, I know together, we can win.
Raise Your Hands; Raise Your Hands High. You can still try to touch the sun, even from the underground. But I have little value to volunteer. I can't hold or dial
Mindfulness Could Make You Less Swayed By Immediate Rewards. For the study, researchers tracked brain activity of study participants using electroencephalography as they completed a
Nutrigenomics. Scientists are working hard to uncover gene-nutrient associations for all types of diseases, especially cancer. Once these associations are better understood, nutrition recommendations can be then personalized for disease prevention and management.
To Achieve Balance in Life, Begin By Measuring Your 'Core Assets'. My experiences as a physician have reinforced one essential truth
Inspired By A Breakup, Barbara Marie Cuadrado Lost 205 Pounds. After Weight
7 Shocking Facts About Food Industry Marketing You Should Know. These companies are not trying to make you healthy -- they are trying to sell you a product. With that in mind, let's take a look at a few ways these manufacturers can lure you into thinking their prepackaged, processed foods are better for you than they really are.
A Total-Body Resistance Band Workout You Can Do Anywhere. You'll need
Cancer Is Relative. Let me introduce you to the idiot that was me 11 years ago. I actually said, \Man, that's nothing compared to what I have coming to me.\ I still cringe when I think of those words today, because when you are going through cancer, the last thing that will ever help you is comparing your situation to others.
Childhood Socioeconomic Status Linked With Cold Susceptibility, Telomere Length. Researchers found an association between telomere length of the study participants, and the number of years that their parents
Morning Routines for Productive People. Productive people know that mornings are a great time for getting things done. And science shows that willpower is greatest in the morning. So take advantage of it and do the things that require self-discipline, like going to the gym or doing your taxes, early in the day.
Overcoming Addiction Is A Matter Of Reclaiming Personal Freedom (VIDEO). But now that she's no longer using drugs, Kumar said personal freedom is the most essential part of her life, and she's made
WATCH. For more by Brad Yates, click here. Tapping can sometimes bring up long-buried emotions, which is why I state that, before
Wise Words From Kids We Can All Learn From. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Kids Who Get More Sleep May Consume Fewer Calories. Researchers from Temple University found that when kids slept more than their usual amount for a week, they consumed fewer
Gum Disease Linked With Atherosclerosis Progression. However, this new study merely shows an association between gum health and atherosclerosis progression. Last year, a review
Breaking Free of Processed Foods. Eliminating all processed foods is not a realistic goal.  But, placing an emphasis on whole, fresh products can reduce our dependence on these convenience foods.
Diabetes Treatment Should Focus on Metabolizing More of the Sugar in the Blood for Best Results. For a very large percentage of people with Type 2 diabetes, exercise is the most important thing they can do to manage their diabetes, followed closely by being more careful with what they eat.
7 Things Calm People Do Differently. Meditation and spirituality even help some of the busiest people in the world unwind. Oprah Winfrey, Lena Dunham, Russell
The Real Reason You're Stuck in a Rut. Once you begin to completely accept yourself -- in all your guts and glory -- you'll be able to come back to yourself and reclaim your truth. To do this, you need to silence the chatter. The only way you're going to learn what your own voice sounds like is to detach from every other voice out there.
Silence and the Soul. I will take many workshops and even spend a week every summer at retreats, which I feel orient me for the year. Boredom or
A 'Serious' Problem. The following statement might surprise you, but I've found it to be true again and again
Grains of Truth. Whether about wheat or meat, sugar or starch, calories or carbohydrates, this fat or that fat, we seem to have an insatiable appetite for mere grains of truth about diet and health, rather than the complete recipe.
365 Invocations to Create an Extraordinary Life, Week 10. This is the light of creation and you are one with it. You are a co-creator of all of the beauty, kindness, innocence, creativity, joy, abundance, peace in your inner world and outer world.
Concentrated HIV Epidemics Could Make AIDS Unbeatable, UN Expert Warns. By Kate Kelland, Health and Science Correspondent A TALE OF TWO WOMEN Michel Kazatchkine, U.N. Special Envoy for HIV/AIDS
#TriggerHappiness. Anyone can live life on the happy side. Surround yourself with people who make you want to be a better person, eliminate
Christina. I then ask about her career and life aspirations, again out of curiosity and care. She doesn't reply with a specific career choice but instead with this unique thoughtful response
The Weekly Rune. Kick back and play hooky, because as sure as the sun rises, it sets. Claim your path of sunlight, recharge, and boldly carrying that renewed life force, persevere into change.
Origin Of Syphilis Still An Enigma. Fracastoro said that this \vulgar disease was born in the west of the Atlantic seas, over those unhappy, recently discovered
Early to Rise. I soon got used to having the early mornings to myself. Those hours before sunrise became a kind of sacred space to me, and I've used them over the years to do whatever work has been most important in my life.
Dean Karnazes On What It Takes To Run 100 Miles (VIDEO). \A marathon to me is a like a training run,\ Dean Karnazes said in a recent HuffPost Live appearance. \It's kind of a warm
Inflammation-Linked Diet Associated With Depression In Women. The study, published in the journal Brain, Behavior, and Immunity, is based on data from 43,685 women ages 50 to 77 who did
The 17 Dumbest Things Vegetarians Have To Deal With. Yes, many vegetarians do love animals (who doesn't?). But that doesn't mean that is the only reason why they are vegetarian
PHOTOS. Researchers from University Hospital Case Medical and Case School of Medicine found that smokers tended to have more upper
Helping the Next Generation Become a Healthy One. Just like attitudes and laws surrounding tobacco products evolved over decades, so will campaigns aimed at reversing the childhood obesity epidemic. The progress with sodas in schools shows it can be done.
Is Your Story Dragging You Around?. I realize it's difficult, but we literally can't move forward without forgiveness. As an enabled spirit with power over the past, you will gracefully arrive at gratitude which will drop you off at peace.
Anger Management Is Fear Management. There are true tigers and there are paper tigers, true threats and symbolic/conditioned threats. All of us need to learn how not to fear fear itself, in which case, anger management goes beyond fear management and becomes tantamount to mind management.
Meditating With Deva Premal and Miten. I woke up this morning savoring the deep spiritual experience I had at the concert, which is usually where you go to listen to good music, but not necessarily expect to meditate with a large audience, and have your heart opened up in such a way, that the world looks far more beautiful because of it.
If I'm Changing the World for the Better Why Do I Feel So Bad?. If we want to stand for what we believe, to change the world for the better, I am convinced we must learn to make choices not just based on \what we can do,\ but based on \what we can do and still stay sane and healthy.\
Do You Suck at Loving Yourself? I Did Too, but This Simple Practice Helped Tremendously. The practice of loving-kindness began to teach me to balance the love in my life out a bit. Any time I was uncomfortable making the loving aspiration towards myself, I knew that I'd be shifting focus shortly onto others, and that helped me through it.
10 Marathon Day Mistakes. Lesson Learned
Baking And Cooking Blueberries Affects Polyphenol Levels. For instance, the levels of anthocyanins -- which are responsible for the hue of these fruits -- decreased by 10 percent
The Amazing Powers Of Just One Extra Hour Of Sleep. The end of Daylight Saving Time is one of our favorite excuses to sleep for an extra hour -- a decadent, once-a-year, Sunday
One Thing at a Time. The antidote to doing too many things at once, is of course, to only do one thing at a time. That's the most basic definition of concentration
'Tis the Season to Eat Sugar. So the next time you feel the urge to overindulge with sweets, pay attention to what your mind is telling you. Notice your unkind thoughts. See if you can challenge or at least question them. Get off your back and on your side!
Cancer Messed With the Wrong B*tch. People go around showing off their new pink swag like they're the bee's knees, but ask them what the symptoms of inflammatory breast cancer are, or if they've heard of triple negative breast cancer, or lymphedema, and you'll get a blank stare and a change of subject.
3 Powerful Steps to Combat Fear. Countless wildly successful people have mentioned that they experienced some level of fear just as they were about to launch to the next level. The ones that actually do make the launch to the next level are those that keep their fear in check.
New York City Marathon 2013 Playlist. We know you need some motivation to keep one foot in front of the other. But cheering loved ones with signs can only do so much.
7 Things Fit People Do. Fit is a lifestyle. It's about making the right choices on a daily basis. Shifting your mindset to make physical activity and healthy eating a natural choice will greatly affect your life. Here's what fit people do.
How to Heal Through Journaling. I despise the saying \time heals all wounds,\ because honestly, that is only true if you do something with that time. If you remain alone, in a funk, completely unable to function, and have no outlet or resources to turn to for help, then the time spent is not spent healing.
6 Apps To Help You De-Stress In Minutes. Would we use it again
The Meaning of Om. Ommm. It's often the first and last sound in your ears in a yoga class. But what does it mean? Perhaps you've heard it defined as \the sound of the universe\ -- but what does that really mean?
Life After Cancer Surgery. The doctor said, \You have cancer.\   As anyone who has heard those words knows, it was devastating to hear.  It was especially difficult for me because of where I was in life.
3 Yoga Poses For Better Sleep. A little yoga before bed, or even in bed, can be the perfect way to wind down and prep for a good night's sleep. Here are
Just Keep Breathing. What I did to keep breathing is different from what someone else will choose to do.  I think that is the key word
Kim Phillips Lost 75 Pounds And Discovered A Passion For Running. Got a success story of your own? Send it to us at success.stories@huffingtonpost.com and you could be featured in our I Lost
10 Common Yoga Mistakes. So whether you're a beginner or experienced yogi, chances are that your practice can benefit from some fine-tuning. Fowler
Breathing, Manual Therapy and Breast Cancer Recovery. Breathing is a huge component of what I do. I always start and end a manual lymph drainage session with deep breathing exercises
Superstitious? You're Lucky. We know the beliefs and ideas we hold go a long way toward shaping our reality. Though they are merely thoughts, our behavior springs from them creating tangible results. If we think ourselves lucky, we will take on behaviors that create luck.
Celebrate World Vegan Day (And My Birthday!). Whether you are vegan or not, many of you care about animals, care about your health and/or care about the environment. Today, in honor of World Vegan Day, I want to encourage you to take your passion for one or all of those things and do something about it.
This Author Unplugged From Her Devices In Order To Reconnect With What's Important (VIDEO). \It needs to be a balance,\ she said. \I choose when I work with it and then I choose to turn it off. I think you need to
When Things Go Out of Hand. If we are not aware of what's going on when we are in these patterns or if we experience resistance to the healing process. Then we will go in and out of awareness when things remind us of a place we have been before and in no ways want to repeat.
It Ain't the Lawyers. Am I unique among doctors in how little I pay for medical malpractice? Not really, but before we discuss what other doctors pay, I'd like to discuss national trends for medical malpractice. Believe it or not, the cost of medical malpractice has been dropping, nationally, for about a decade.
Binge-or-Treat? Find Out if You Have Binge Eating Disorder. While many of us will find ourselves overindulging in candy in the upcoming days, and most of us have experienced times when it seems as if a food is literally calling out to us, how do we know if we are suffering from the full-blown disorder?
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- of course. GPS
Mutations In A Metabolism Gene Could Predispose Some People To Severe Obesity. They found that 2.1 percent of people from the obese group had some kind of mutation on the KSR2 gene, more than double the
What Kind Of Stress Eater Are You?. However, people who self-identified as skippers ate 74 calories more of ice cream than the stress eaters if they received
Can Your Mind Influence Your Weight?. I'm talking about a sensible balance, where we eat wisely and healthily, and indulge every now and then, but merely observe our minds a little, catching ourselves when we think negative about what we are eating. The difference is in the mind.
Arianna Huffington On Why You Should Sleep Your Way To The Top. Check out the audio clip above for more on why sleep is the secret to success. As someone who ignored her relationship with
The Connection Between Sleep and Appetite. Eating and sleeping are two of the most basic human functions, both essential to survival. They are also two biological processes that are deeply entwined, as science is increasingly discovering.
Killing My Goldfish. We have the ability to injure with words, fists, guns and silence. We can cause so much suffering. Or we can try to fix what suffering there is. We can help each other heal.
Dare to Be 100. There is a general sense that wisdom is the principal benefit of being older. Maybe being smarter encourages better decisions
There's No Time Limit on Grief. I believe the best gifts are wrapped in pain. Take my divorce. I didn't see it coming, didn't want it, could've sworn it was the worst thing that ever happened. I looked at it as a gift, all right. The kind you open and mutter, \You shouldn't have.\
It's Just Food!. Finding a balance between eating for nourishment and enjoyment is tricky this time of year, but it doesn't need to be a test of willpower.
The Main Event. My husband went to Atlantic City this past weekend to see a light heavyweight title fight as part of a promotional press
Inspirational Patients Allowing Mind and Body Balancing to Guide Recovery. One of the most significant aspects of a therapeutic alliance between a physician and a cancer patient is the creation of a relationship that helps the patient to build and strengthen mental and physical fortitude.
It's Time We Talk About Mental Health in America. The next time someone you know may be experiencing issues of their own, do what you would do if they had just broken their arm. Be supportive and urge them to go to the right health care provider to get the treatment they deserve.
Where Does the Sky Begin?. I cannot point to one thing and say, \It is that right there that brings me effortless joy!\ any more than I can say, \Oh, the sky starts right over here.\ It is these series of breaths we take and the beautiful things that happen in between them that provide weight to our existence.
Don't Be Afraid to Touch Death. How sad to live in a lie at the end of one's life.  How sad to risk regrets, not realizing the blessings that come with the alternative -- a depth of intimacy that we may never have experienced before and that will never be available again.
Why You Should Eat Breakfast. Skipping breakfast feeds in to the \saving up\ syndrome; I promise what is consumed mid-afternoon or after dinner carries more risk than that smoothie ever will.
Men Who Do Yoga Have Better Sex Because Of 'Inherently Sexual' Positions (VIDEO). \After the first week I had done yoga, I was with my second girlfriend and we had our fun, and boy, was it a different experience
7 Reasons You Should Listen To Music When You Work Out. Research consistently finds that listening to music distracts athletes from their \bodily awareness\ (read
Smelly Dog?. A yeast infection is a very common cause of stinky dogs. Yeast has a very pungent, musty, unique odor that has been compared
How Mind And Spirit Influence Our Well-Being (VIDEO). According to Ferguson, it is important for us to connect the mind and the body -- and the first step to achieving that connection
Still Weathering the Storm, One Year After Sandy. While Superstorm Sandy forced many people to relocate from destroyed homes, it also drove many others deeper into isolation inside their own homes. Natural disasters hit the vulnerable especially hard.
Here Are The States That Are Still Addicted To Smoking. And then of course there are all the things you avoid by quitting smoking -- increased risks of lung cancer and lung disease
You're Exactly Where You Need to Be. Until we start working the plan towards our goals and dreams, we don't know what's really going to work and what's not. You have to constantly check in and assess where you're headed, what you want, what's working and what's not.
Gazyva Leukemia Drug Approved By FDA. The FDA said more than 15,000 Americans will be diagnosed with chronic lymphocytic leukemia this year, and almost 5,000 will
U.S. Malaria Cases Highest In 40 Years. In 2011, there were 1,925 reported malaria cases in the country, the highest since 1971, and a 14 percent increase from 2010
Broccoli's Extreme Makeover. The ad agency Victors & Spoils has created campaigns for some of the biggest brands in the food industry \u2014 Coca-Cola, Quiznos
Cutting Calories, High-Protein Foods More Effective Than Crash Dieting For Weight Loss. She found that cutting calories slightly while eating foods high in protein works better than crash dieting. Several studies
Burned out? 4 Ways to Refill Your Well. You've observed in yourself the signs of burnout first hand -- chronic exhaustion, irritability, not to mention the telltale arguments and feeling unable to rise to the occasion for work or personal obligations. Now what?
Are We Shaming Ourselves or Loving Ourselves?. A love-based perspective proceeds as if what people do or feel is an expression of a profound and deep intelligence -- trying to make changes can only occur when this intelligence is discovered and supported.
How I Learned to Stop Worrying About the Last 10 Pounds. I'm making an effort on behalf of my future 80-year-old self. I'm going to try to shut off the broken record and embrace the most beautiful music of all
5 Surprising Health Benefits of Pumpkin. During the holiday season, we know it's easy to pack on a few extra pounds from indulging in holiday treats.  A good way to slash calories and fat from a holiday dish is to use pumpkin instead of extra sugar, butter, or oil.
It's Not You, It's Your Hormones. Visceral fat knows how to protect its existence
Menopause at 70? Freeze Ovary at 35. Following replacement of the ovarian tissue, the women's menopause reversed and they began to menstruate and develop functional
This Emotion Is Weighing You Down. Here's What You Need To Know About It.. So next time you get caught in a guilt spiral, remember
Creating Space for 'Non-Doing'. In a culture moving faster and faster, it seems contagious and desirable to be in a constant mode of comparison, self-improvement and achievement. Yet the ability to relax is essential for the overall health of the body and mind.
Yoga Could Improve Lung Function In People With COPD. Researchers found that there were improvements in all of these categories after the 12-week period. The findings were presented
That Pinata at My Sister's Memorial Service. Death reaches us in different ways, at different times of our lives. Some funerals might call for a pi\u00f1ata donkey, others for a sexy selfie in the bathroom. Do not stand at my grave and weep, goes the line. It's okay to weep, though. It's also okay to laugh. Honestly, what else can you do?
This Will Change The Way You Look At Halloween Candy (VIDEO). Video by Amber Genuske, Laura Schocker & Meredith Melnick Trick or Treat might be a traditionally youth-oriented activity
Man's Weight At Prostate Cancer Diagnosis Could Influence Survival. The new findings, published in the journal Obesity Research & Clinical Practice, are based on 751 prostate cancer patients
Is Your Pooch Prone to Scooting?. Cause #2
Losing Weight Is Too Expensive. Losing weight can be expensive if you make certain choices, but it can also be inexpensive. It all depends on your planning and on the choices you make.
You'd Sleep Better On Planes If Seats Were Just An Inch Wider. Other industries have already widened their products to accommodate ever-expanding waistlines, including wheelchairs, toilets
GPS Guide. By Rob White The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off
On Conquering A Scary Workout. If you've followed my triathlon training for a while, you'll know that my comfort level on the bike is... not terribly high
99 Lessons Reluctantly Learned from a Guru Master. Finally, I made it to the ashram. Ever since reading Eat, Pray, Love and being jealous of Elizabeth Gilbert's journey, I dreamed of jumping out of my life for a while and hanging out in India with super spiritual people and a guru who would fill me up with tranquility.
Surviving the Fall. The most I can say is if you're going through an adjustment, don't let it get the best of you. Keep pushing for your identity, don't let the fact that you don't feel like yourself keep you from living your life. You may not want to smile all the time, but as long as you try, you're winning.
Why Deep Squats Are The Best Squats. But Aren't Deep Squats Bad For You? No! Contrary to popular belief, squatting deep is not bad for the knees -- studies have
Mind Reading. Even couples who have been together for decades don't possess the ability to read each others' minds. There are always (hopefully) going to be surprises in relationships which keeps things from getting too predictable and uninteresting.
SARS-Like Virus Found In Bats May Be Transmitted Directly To Humans, Researchers Find. While the team was able to isolate a live virus, which would make developing a vaccine possible, other similar SARS-like
Obesity Behind Knee Replacements In Younger Adults. Arthritis is the most common reason for why people need a knee replacement, but a 2009 study in the journal Arthritis Research
Living With and in Gratitude. Always affectionately, Stephen Hawking questions, \In this universe of random events, how does a pattern or a particular
How to End Breast Cancer. In what seems like a previous lifetime, I was a congressional lobbyist in Washington. I might as well draw on that knowledge for something, right?
4 Strategies to Survive Emotional Vampires. Anyone who has ever shared an office, car pooled or attended a family dinner with a vampire can attest to experiencing some common emotional side effects. Even after a brief contact, you feel worse. They feel better. To find out if you've been bled, watch for these signs. Experiencing even one indicates you've met a drainer on the prowl.
At 600 Pounds With His Mobility Decreasing, Stephen Pagano Decided It Was Time For A Change. How I Lost It
When Will You Stop Taking Money From Junk Food Peddlers? An Open Letter to the Presidents of AND and AAP. Sponsorship is an issue that has reached critical mass for both Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics  and American Academy of Pediatrics. When your organizations take money from junk food manufacturers it is embarrassing to your members, detrimental to your reputations and harmful to the health of Americans.
FOWOT! Can You Guess What It Means?. Too often we are living lives of habits and patterns ruled unconsciously by fear -- WAKE UP to those unconscious drivers
The Living Work. Whereas the previous masculine-orientated energy wished to stand visible and powerful, like the tower on the hill, the feminine energy is more subtle.
Trend Spotting. At the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics Food and Nutrition Conference and Expo, new products and innovations are launched and food trends come to life. Here are the top five food trends spotted there.
The Life Out Loud. Does she have any regrets? Absolutely not. At the same time, she admits that her personal and social life have taken a hit
Just Knowing These 8 Facts Will Make You Way More Productive. 1. Simply starting a task will make it much easier to finish. 8. Good, old-fashioned practice is still the most effective
You Can't Manage Stress Unless You Do These 3 Things. When you feel stressed, notice it, admit you're stressed out, then choose to switch your focus. If you do, your story could have a happy ending.
Health Ills That Can Come With Years of Diabetes. When I was diagnosed at 18, I was told my lifespan would be 15 years shorter than if I hadn't gotten diabetes. Yet today many say that people with Type 1 diabetes may outlive others because we have to take care of ourselves.
Healthier Halloween Snacking -- Some Tricks to Employ When Selecting Treats. In the spirit of setting a good example for my children, my colleagues and promoting healthier options, here are a few ideas to keep in mind when thinking about what you want to be feeding yourself and your children during the trick-or-treating season:
The Art of Suffering Is Love. Compassion arises from understanding of suffering. When compassion dominates the mind, suffering naturally fades away.
Is Milk Dangerous for Your Health?. A recent study out of Harvard found a lack of data proving that eating dairy leads to better bones, weight loss, or improved health.  The researchers found, instead, a number of serious health risks, including cancer, tied to dairy consumption.
Nocturnal Lagophthalmos. Singer Katherine Jenkins sleeps with her eyes open because of a condition called nocturnal lagophthalmos, according to news
Halloween and Our Inner Skeletons. But the point remains.  Halloween is here and somehow our own skeletons (in this case, our need for attention) tend to come out and demand -- I mean, command -- the spotlight.   It is around this time of the year when we consciously or unconsciously become \hustlers\ for attention.
90 Percent Of People Show Up To Work Sick. Of course, some workers find it financially impossible to take a day off. The U.S. doesn't guarantee a single paid sick day
Noise Is Hurting Our Health In More Ways Than We Realize. Evidence of negative effects of noise on hospital staff is increasing, particularly for nurses, with noise-induced stress
Missing the Mark. A recent survey found that an astounding 90 percent of women either over- or underestimate their lifetime risk of breast cancer. When asked, another 40 percent said they had never discussed breast cancer risk with a physician. That's seems like a great deal of ignorance for a topic that's gotten so much attention and \awareness.\
Thank You, CrossFit. CrossFit has brought a big injection of passion to weightlifting. Someone said recently that if you don't love weightlifting, you are not in weightlifting. Well, CrossFitters are bringing the love by the boxful.
The Scary Truth About Sleeping Pills. We've all had sleepless nights -- lying in bed, staring at the ceiling, wondering why our brains keep chugging along even
Children Are Eating Too Much Sugar, but Halloween Is Not to Blame. While there is certainly reason to be concerned with American children's sugar consumption, our focus should be on the staple foods and beverages that are relentlessly marketed to them, not an annual holiday.
People Are Most Interested In Quitting Smoking On Mondays, Google Search Study Reveals. The study, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, Internal Medicine, involved looking at Google searches
Why You Should Watch These Animal Cams Right Now. 4. San Diego Zoo Polar Cam 2. Golden Retriever Puppy Cam 3. The Smithsonian Giant Panda Cam In 2010, a Japanese study found
10 Myths About Meditation. While there are misconceptions and myths about many topics, one of the most popular topics is meditation. Say the word, \meditation\ and all kinds of images and notions come up. Is this for me? I can't sit for long hours. Who wants to meditate anyway?
Why Do We Fidget?. Several studies reveal that fidgeting actually has some benefits. But what compels people to twitch and tap, seemingly without
4 Ways the Food and Drug Administration Is Not 'Protecting and Promoting Your Health'. The FDA is worried about poop, a basically free substance that can cure C. diff and potentially other inflammatory bowel diseases, but is fine with adding food additives, antibiotics, and GMOs to our food supply without adequate testing or conflict-of-interest-free determinations.
Can This Diet Really Be That Effective?. We need to think about restoring our body's natural ability to regulate our weight automatically at a healthy level. If you focus on calorie quality and take care of your body, then it will take care of calorie quantity for you.
How To Turn Negative Emotions Into Your Greatest Advantage. Negative thoughts and emotions present an opportunity to cultivate mindfulness. In our relentless pursuit of happiness, it's
What's Your Polarity (Part Two). The concept of \the shadow,\ a term coined by Carl Jung, plays a significant role in the understanding of polarity and begins
The Weekly Rune. Thurisaz --\u00a0thorn -- Wow. How fitting that the last two (and only) times Thurisaz was drawn for The Weekly Rune, Mercury
365 Invocations to Create an Extraordinary Life, Week 9. Today marks the 65th year I've been breathing on the planet. And, let me tell you, it's been quite a journey... one not for the faint-hearted, but one filled with grit and grace, overwhelming beauty, dizzying despair, incredible inspiration and as much drama and comedy as my ego could possibly drum up.
Plane Medicine. Trained at four-year, in-residence, full-time naturopathic medical schools, NDs are trained to get patients to make the sometimes difficult changes needed to find a healthier balance. We're schooled in gentle yet effective areas of therapeutic nutrition and botanical medicine.
Face Up to F.A.C.E. F-A-C-E are four tools that our small ego personalities use to block our transformation towards freedom. It means
An Inspiring Thought for Today. If we want to change our lives, we must be the instruments of change. Don't wait for the world to change. We must change the way we see the world to change our experience of it -- then (and only then) our world will change.
Home Is Not Where You Live But Where You Love. A very special thanks to Melissa Redell and designer Susan Halme at The Solvang Bakery for having created the most magnificent
Running Form. But, since childhood, most of us have been unwittingly rewiring themselves to forget the sensations and coordinations that
The Zone. Send appreciation to the wonderful things in your life that have shown up and you get to love and nurture. When I do this I notice solutions to situations naturally arise as well as new creative ideas and insights.
Intrauterine Bling. The idea of putting something small in the uterus to prevent pregnancy goes way back. When nomadic traders needed to keep a female camel from getting pregnant during long treks across the desert, they put stones into the animal's uterus. Or so the story goes.
America's Fittest Colleges 2013. The World's 12 Most Dangerous Roads Did you know that Penn State is home to America's second-largest stadium? Or that the
Book Review. Drawing on first-rate research and scholarship, Dr. Gnaulati makes a very strong case for going \back to normal,\ and taking care of our more challenging children in the ways that are most likely to help them, and the least likely to traumatize them.
If We Could All Tap Into This Quality (Which We Can), The World Would Be A Better Place. \It has long been assumed that selfishness, greed, and competitiveness lie at the core of human behavior, the products of
Compassion and Resilience. Compassion is a state to be cultivated. The ability to foster social bonds through aiding others, though taking effort in the short term, is what makes us, both as individuals and as societies, more resilient in the long term.
Find Your Anchor. For any caregiver who has felt that they needed their anchor, and motivation, to push through challenging times, the following are five benefits of attending a support group.
The Race to Redefine Calories. Just as cars can differ dramatically in everything from handling, to torque, to acceleration, to fuel efficiency, so too do our bodies differ in all the nuances of metabolism. Some of us are natively predisposed to be faster, or stronger, or slower, or weaker.
Truck Driving Linked With Aggressive Prostate Cancer In New Study. There are several potential hypotheses that could explain the association, he said. For instance, other studies have shown
Strike Out Stress. The truth is we don't know how this series will end. And what I bet is that Big Papi also knows, ring or no ring, life goes on. The world still spins the next day. So you might as well really enjoy the game.
31 Creative Ways To Use Canned Pumpkin. Every fall, we line Greatist's pantries with can after can of pumpkin pur\u00e9e in the hopes of creating the season's perfect
Polio In Syria Puts Entire Region At Risk, WHO Says. As well as Syria, Aylward said at least six other Middle East nations - Egypt, Iraq, Turkey, Lebanon, Jordan and the Palestinian
Bad Sleep For Teens Could Mean More Sick Days. \I think the bottom line that we all need to remember is that adequate quantity and quality of sleep is necessary for optimal
Why Intimacy Is The Secret Key To Health. In this fast-paced world, most people are always focused on getting to the next thing, missing the moment, which creates anxiety and leaves us with a feeling of discontent. The remedy to that is doses of intimate moments, experiences and interactions.
26 Reasons Not To Run A Marathon. 6. Marathons are expensive. If you want to run one of the top 25 marathons in the U.S. you can expect to shell out over $100
Schadenfreude. In another experiment, researchers looked at how rivalry might play a role in Schadenfreude. They specifically picked study
Why Your Desire for Attention May Be Ruining Your Life. We can't erase our histories, or how we grew up.  Our wounded inner child will always be with us.  We can, however, make sure to pay attention and practice self-care, so that this impostor doesn't act out.
Workplace Depression Tied To How Boss Treats You. Instead, the study concluded that workplaces with low levels of institutional justice put employees at risk for work-motivated
These Waterfalls From Around The World Will Provide Some Mental Rejuvenation (PHOTOS). Nature in its purest form is sometimes the best source to find inspiration -- and there's nothing that demonstrates this
At the Top of My Lungs. Cancer is a monster. But in this fight or any other, I'm putting my money on Jen.
My Not-So-Typical Before and After Fitness Journey. As there are many positive aspects to having a bikini body, it can equally come with a lot of costs
Investing in Mental Health. (5) http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/meditation/HQ01070 (1) See http://www.who.int/mediacentre/news/releases/2010/mental_disabilities_20100916
75 Pounds Lighter, Levoris Anderson Is Now A Figure Competitor. How I Gained It
Infant Co-Sleeping Increases Despite Risks and Recommendations. Despite 20 years of public education about SIDS and other sleep-related infant deaths, the practice of sleeping with infants and babies has become more common -- especially in the Hispanic and African-American communities.
Connecting. How often do you check your email while ignoring the person next to you? How many of your dinners are spent watching TV, rather than conversing with your companion? How often are you on the phone multitasking when you realize you have no idea what the person is even talking about?
Dave Obelkevich, 70, Has Run The NYC Marathon Every Year Since 1976. Obelkevich said his yearly ritual hasn't changed with time, but his goals have. \I don't think I did any races before I watched
8 Reasons To Justify Giving Into Your Chocolate Cravings. 4) Chocolate might help you maintain a healthy BMI. Findings in the Journal of Nutrition showed that eating a small amount
The Wind-Up Clock Chronicle. This thinking isn't specific to their generation--I get that. Society seems to react to \progress\ similarly, from doubts
Faith and Belief Are Not the Same. The next time you find yourself in spiritual crisis, my advice -- attach no value to it, positive or negative. Release your beliefs for the time being, and do not labor at bringing them into congruity with the crisis.
Remission With an *. Asterisks aside, no one on my medical team seems disappointed by the PET results. In the eyes of many, I am in remission. I will learn to accept this as good news. I'll continue to believe that I'm on the cusp of complete remission.
Postcards From Lebanon. Although it is still illegal on the federal level, the state in which I live, Vermont, has decriminalized it and allows its
Live in the Present and Enjoy the Journey of Life. Life is most enjoyable and meaningful when you are present in every moment. Living in the past or future, as we often do, only serves to drain your spirit. The past, whether successful or full of failures, is done and over with. You can't change it. Worrying about the future is also a burden.
Fearless Self Image. So many of my clients are influenced by how they look and how they feel.  If someone feels depressed and lacks confidence, this is reflected in what they wear, and conversely, if someone has a positive attitude and is confident, that will show in their attire.
Why Just 1 Month?. No doubt many of us are a work in progress.  We did not grow up in environments that welcomed everyone nor did a lot of us have unbiased parents.  So may we learn from our own kids, many of who seem so much more at ease in welcoming difference and recognizing their own truths.
Running Form. Like a musician practicing scales and arpeggios, or a martial artist rehearsing katas, a skill set is taught, learned and
Dare to Be 100. Its significance derives from its insistence that the terms on the death certificates of our nation's forms are wrong. Heart, and stroke, and cancer aren't the actual causes of death. The actual causes are the antecedent behaviors, the lifestyles factors, which lead to the terminal events.
Take Off the Mask. By believing false or misleading information about your neighbor, you can't possibly see them honestly and clearly. In a way, you've put a mask on them.
The First Step to Life Balance. Our ego convinces us that we are important, needed and great at what we do. The more you control your ego, the more your life comes into balance.
Coffee Drinkers May Have Lower Liver Cancer Risk. Researchers from the Universit\u00e0 degli Studi di Milan in Italy looked at 16 studies published between 1996 and 2012 that included
Living With Schizophrenia. I learned that the opposite of selfish is selfless.  I could no longer be selfless; I had to do something to save myself -- to make selfish a priority.  I had to start taking care of me.  I'm important too, and no one will take care of me if I don't.
Do We Ever Stop Grieving?. I believe that we souls learn something significant from all of our experiences, no matter how grand or small.  Each experience changes us.  When someone in your life transitions to a spiritual form, they never go without leaving gifts behind.
Latest Research on Tobacco Use and Health Care Cost Has Global Implications. High BMI and smoking remain among the top three risk factors that contribute to the highest burden of disease in Western Europe and the U.S., and the research mentioned above highlights this issue and discusses potential solutions, with implications far beyond South Africa.
Peaceful Pumpkin Art (PHOTOS). The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- of course. GPS
Today in the Mind of Jeffrey Walker. What's one good question you ask a lot? JW
Today in the Mind of Brad Feld. What do you know to be true? BF
Legally Blind. We're not fighting to prevent people from receiving the medical help they desperately need. We're fighting for the emotional well-being of our children.
How to Be Intimate Again After Loss. If the answer is yes
What You Need to Know About CrossFit. The idea behind CrossFit is a good one -- it promotes community, the importance of strength training, compound movements, and even healthy competition.  The reality of it creates grey areas, and practitioners definitely haven't seen a reduction in patients since the emergence of CrossFit hype in the real world.
Providing Care to Bereaved Parents During Infant and Child Death Awareness Month. We all have the opportunity during October and November to provide much-needed care to bereaved parents and family members. Being aware of the potential impact of \forever grief\ is the first important step.
Living 'In the Zone'. I think you don't have to be an athlete to get \in the zone.\ Students know it when something they have been struggling to learn all at once comes clear and the answers flood in. I had that experience when I was a little kid, flummoxed by mathematics.
Too Much Sitting Could Raise Colorectal Cancer Risks For Men. For men, too much time sitting could raise the likelihood of experiencing colorectal adenomas -- known precursors for colorectal
Alzheimer's Disease and Eating. Eating problems are not uncommon to those with Alzheimer's disease, but by taking the time to get to the root of the issue, you may be able to make sure that this individual is getting the food and nourishment that they need to be their healthiest.
One Person, Multiple Roles. As champions of multitasking, we all think we can have our cake and eat it too, and sometimes, we can! But oftentimes, it takes long-term vision, planning, and managing your roles to truly feel satisfied with each one. When considering all you do, it's important to understand what you want and need from each role.
17 Mid-Run Snacks To Improve your Marathon. More From Greatist
This World Stroke Day, Learn How to Prevent It  -- and F.A.S.T.. \It's been proven that time lost is brain lost; every minute that therapy is delayed, millions of brain cells die. Katherine Wolf's story is a great example. Had her husband not arrived when he did, her story probably would've been far worse.\
Don't Be a 'One-Trick Pony' in Life. Look at each area of your life and begin to pinpoint where you might be a one-trick pony stuck in a massive rut. Instead of flowers or cards, what's a new and fun way you can show someone you care? What's a new and different way you can move your body in addition to what you already love?
OCD. This is exactly how my OCD often plays out. I spend a great deal of time trying to anticipate and avoid situations that might trigger strong obsessive-compulsive cycles. When I return to awareness and realize that I've failed to keep watch, I become terrified that something awful has happened in the interim.
The Lasting Impacts Of Poverty On The Brain. Poverty shapes people in some hard-wired ways that we're only now beginning to understand. Back in August, we wrote about
Peer Pressure Can Influence Food Choices At Restaurants, Says Study. The study, \I'll Have What He's Having\
12 Worst Endocrine Disruptors Revealed By Environmental Working Group. Dr. Kenneth Spaeth, director of the Occupational and Environmental Medicine Center at North Shore University Hospital in
The Insanely Effective 15-Minute Workout. More from Shape.com
9 Ways to Be a Spiritual Warrior. Here are some ways we can all cultivate our own inner spiritual warrior -- the part of us that faces challenge with wisdom, equanimity, and compassion.
Debbi Fields Talks The Importance Of Persistence And Staying Present In ORIGIN Magazine. MP
The Neuroscience Of Human Connections. This has major consequences for how we think about structuring our organizations and institutions.\u00a0 At businesses worldwide
The Mystery Of Sleep. Outsmart would-be predators Even if animals aren't out and about when their predators are, they could still fall victim to
The Single Habit That Helps Me Eat Healthy and Save Money. Every Sunday, I spend a few hours preparing fresh, healthy meals for the week ahead. This habit saves me time and money overall. If all of my lunches are made in one setting ahead of time, I don't have to rush to prepare food during the busy morning hours or foot the bill for ordering out.
The Dark Side Of Emotional Intelligence. \The results of this study are consistent with the recent suggestion that emotionally intelligent people can regulate emotions
How Sleep Varies As You Age. After puberty, adolescents experience a natural shift in their internal clock and usually are unable to fall asleep until
The Right Way To Work On The Weekend (If You Absolutely Must). \The company brought in a president above me who was really charismatic and dynamic,\ Hendrix said to the Times. \One day
HuffPost Workouts. Sometimes I run to be healthy, and sometimes I run because I'm training for a race. But I've found that my most successful runs happen when I'm not worried about my distance, time or how many calories I think I've burned.
7 Healthy, Halloween-Inspired Breakfast Masterpieces. Tangerine Pumpkins For an extra serving of fruit, pair your ghost with a citrusy \pumpkin\ topped with a celery stem. You'll
4 Strategies to Get What You Want. Time does not need to be our enemy, but it will always be our moderator of life. If we learn to treat time as the precious commodity it is, and allow it to bestow us with blessings in the right moment, we begin to acknowledge that we can have exactly what we want.
Do You Suffer From the Fear of Being Fabulous?. It's never too late to bust out of that internal prison that's been holding you back. And as long as you are willing to investigate and confront what's living in your unconscious, you are truly free to design your life any way you want.
How to Detox Your Mind. From listening to everyday people to personal development authors to hearing an instructional video on how to do better blogs -- I took charge of what went into my head and made a choice to fill it with positive thoughts.
How Mindfulness Skills Help Children Flourish in School And in Life. That the most important thing they can offer children is their own mindfully aware attention. A lot of what kids need in order to pay attention is to feel seen, accepted, and loved. A personal practice can make us more capable of offering this even if we aren't teaching yoga to kids directly.
Vanessa Safie Learned To Find Balance And Lost 74 Pounds. How I Lost It
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (Oct. 25-31). When we live in gratitude we make space in our lives for goodwill to flow. Life then takes on a quality of ease without obstructions or drama. When grace is the norm, joy and happiness permeate all our relationships.
4 Factors That Influence Dharma. Our communities typically reflect back rules and regulations, merits and demerits, all of which regulate behavior. One's personal conviction and conscious motivation to regard ethical or moral principles ultimately mold their conscience.
CrossFit For Cyclists. A program like CrossFit also can help you identify and correct muscle imbalances caused by long hours in the saddle. An athlete's
5 Common Habits That Damage Your Emotional Health. When we think of unhealthy habits, items such as cigarette smoking, midnight snacking or a sedentary lifestyle are often the first that come to mind. Yet, many of our unhealthiest habits are not behavioral but psychological in nature.
Becoming Raw Changed My Life. In my teens, I ate wheat, gluten, sugar; basically the normal SAD (Standard American Diet). My dietary staples were breads, muffins, baked goods, hamburgers, Chinese food, spaghetti, pizza. If it was junk food -- I ate it.
Here Are 3 Surprisingly Simple Things You Can Do Right Now to Build Better Habits. Building good habits can be difficult. That's especially true if you want to stick with them for the long term. Thankfully, there are a few simple strategies that you can use to build better habits and break bad ones.
3 Secrets to Help You Get Over a Breakup Now!. To lift my mood, I'd draw attention away from myself and focus on how I live passionately to make a difference. Giving away your own unique gifts, is a way to help you and others heal at the same time.
Long Naps Linked To Diabetes. In China, however, as in many other societies, napping is well accepted and routinely practiced by all age groups. The commonness
Low-Fiber Diet Linked With Metabolic Syndrome. \Our findings indicate that, among a nationally representative sample of nonpregnant U.S. adults in NHANES [National Health
4 Red Flags That You're Headed for Burnout. Depending on how bad things have gotten, you may need a mini leave of absence to restore yourself. Recognize that you are capable of revitalizing and returning to your normal energetic self. But you do it by taking your foot off the gas, not pushing harder.
Working Out Is Just a Big Metaphor for Life. So the next time you're in the middle of a workout and want to quit, think of the practice and confidence you're building for your life outside of the gym. And the next time life throws you a curveball and you're struggling, just think of how strong you really are, inside and out.
Marijuana Compounds Can Kill Some Cancer Cells. According to the Centers for Disease Control, 7.6 million people die from various forms of cancer each year worldwide. The
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- of course. GPS
The Ultimate Guide to Personal Productivity. The following post contains the knowledge and skills I've amassed over three years of constantly working on becoming more productive and therefore becoming happier and healthier as well.
Candace Pert and Tony Pawson. Today I would like to honor two of my colleagues who did not win Nobel Prizes during their lifetimes, but who will always be health care revolutionaries whose dedication to their respective fields of research and the discoveries that came from their efforts have truly changed the way we all think about health and disease.
Obesity Could Shorten Lifespan For Pancreatic Cancer Patients. \This study adds to mounting evidence for the role of weight control in improving outcomes for patients with cancer. It also
4 Signs You're Being Perceived as Insecure. When we're authentic, the world responds.  Relationships are easier, business deals are smoother, and people trust us. Authenticity projects confidence and strength -- both of which are signs we're standing in our power.
When Things Don't Go According to Plan. In our lives we all experience drawbacks, but if we keep with our good habits, then our health, fitness and weight will stay optimal throughout our long lives.
The One Quality We Often Mistake For Weakness Can Actually Make You Stronger. Savannah Guthrie We tend to equate vulnerability with weakness, but according to author and researcher Brene Brown, who has
Higher-Than-Normal Blood Sugar Levels Could Hurt Memory. \Our results indicate that even in the absence of manifest Type 2 diabetes mellitus or impaired glucose tolerance, chronically
Give the Rules That Govern Your Relationship a Makeover. Most relationships have a set of \built in\ rules. Generally the rules fit into three different categories
Recovering Your Balance After the Doctor Breaks the News (And Your World Turns Upside Down). You and I can let ourselves be defined and weighed down by a medical diagnosis or any other of our lives' difficult experiences. We can keep our world flipped over if we choose to. Or we can choose to claim our power and live while we are alive.
How Accurate Are the Recent Claims of the Dangers of the HPV-Vaccination Gardasil?. The vaccine is so safe partly because of how it is made. The HPV vaccine is a recombinant vaccine, which means that it's
Paying Kidney Donors Is Cost-Effective, Researchers Say. \A large number of people would not support this strategy and may withdraw from the system,\ said Arthur Caplan, a bioethicist
Nocturnal Teeth Grinding May Suggest a Sleep Disorder. For many years (centuries even), physicians and dentists alike have been perplexed as to the cause of this nocturnal behavior. However, we now understand that a significant cause of nocturnal bruxism is airway instability during sleep.
Safely Avoid Chemotherapy in Breast Cancer With New Genetic Test. Medical genomics are changing the way we bring precision medicine to our patients.  Women need to be aware of this technology to support their breast cancer treatment decisions so they can not only extend their life, but also retain their wellness.
Ability To Delay Gratification Linked With Brain's Hippocampus. The reason why some people are better able to delay gratification could have something to do with the brain's hippocampus
5 Holiday Lifestyle Lessons We Can Learn From the Shutdown Debacle. To avoid our own personal January 2 shutdowns, let's learn from Congress' transgressions. Let's be moderate, aim for pre-emptive physical and psychological wellness, and lead by example in both our voting and holiday season behaviors.
Breaking It Down. Although a vague and often confusing title to those outside of the medical field, the position of medical intern is a vital bridge from those just completing medical school to becoming well on one's way to independently practicing medicine.
7 Things You Can Do Right Now To Get Healthier (VIDEO). Improving your health doesn't have to be a long, complicated process -- in fact, according to several leaders in the health
CDC Guidelines Expand Potential Uses Of Tuberculosis Drug. \Given that safety concern was there, the group thought if we closely monitor patients and are able to pick up serious adverse
3 Upper Body Exercises Every Woman Should Train. You can start implementing each exercise into your workouts, no matter where you are in your strength development. Each exercise is highly customizable and you can include a lot of variety to keep things interesting. Which means no boredom in the weight room!
Post-Mastectomy Options. The decision to have a mastectomy is not one to be taken lightly, and I do not know a woman out there who did not agonize over it, including myself.  For me, it was the right decision, but that does not mean I came to it easily.
Scapegoats, Saints and Saturated Fats. Demonizing saturated fat never helped us much. Canonizing it now won't help us any either. All who share a concern for eating well and the health advances that can come from it must band together to renounce the perennial branding of this, that, or the other food component as scapegoat or saint.
There Is No Denying Life. The only way we learn is by making mistakes -- there is no shame in that. The only way we grow is by accepting them --  there is only insight in that. The only way we evolve is by letting them go -- there is only beauty in the enlightenment that follows.
Researchers Question Vitamin D's Link To Diabetes. For people who are worried that they have a high risk of diabetes, the best steps to take are lifestyle modifications, Drab
Peace Through Lifestyle Choices. The fact that we are surrounded by high speed everything -- living, eating, driving, breathing and of course technology -- is taking its toll on our sense of inner peace. Perhaps we can't change our entire life, but we can certainly make small steps towards healthy choices that in fact will make us happier.
Brain Wave Entrainment. One can also learn to control and slow down their brain waves through various neurofeedback technologies such as electroencephalograph
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- of course. GPS
What Is -- and Isn't -- Working in Health Today. Recently, I went to the \What Is Working
What Happens When You Want To Work With A Personal Trainer, But You're Too Intimidated To Ask?. For more from Edberg on his journey, check out the clip above. \It's all about finding the right relationship\ with a trainer
7 Billion Minds, or One?. The ethical implications of our fundamental connectedness are profound.  Because of our intrinsic oneness, health can never be merely personal, and neither can illness, poverty, or hunger.
FDA Recommends Restricting Access To Hydrocodone Painkillers. WASHINGTON, Oct 24 (Reuters) - The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Thursday recommended tighter restrictions on products
New China H7N9 Bird Flu Cases Could Mean Winter Epidemic. * Experts were on alert for fresh outbreak in flu season But a new case in October in a 35-year-old man from China's eastern
What's Really Inside A Chicken Nugget?. Beyond the obvious gross-out factor, these chicken bits probably aren't particularly harmful, explains David Katz, M.D., founding
The Point of Pointless. When I go for walks outside or a drive in the mountains, I almost always return with new ideas, divine downloads in the form of blogs, poetry and talks, and inspiration to create something amazing.
Wheelchair Wisdom. The long list of feelings we experience around loss comes from holding on to our perceptions about the way things \ought to be.\  When we are able to let go of these perceptions, it is as if we open a door to a brand-new world of possibility.
The Big Squeeze Makes Me Happy. As I started talking with the radiology tech about the process, and how many boobs she handles in the course of a day and the various attitudes she experiences, she said, \No one's happy to get this done,\ and I instantly replied, \Oh, I am.\
Jaime Coakley Cut Out Processed Foods And Lost 75 Pounds. I stopped seeing the personal trainer but joined a boot camp class, and now I really enjoy working out and pushing myself
True Love Isn't for Sissies. Conscious loving requires us to come out from behind the security of our manufactured image and expose ourselves to the threat of emotional pain that we desperately wish to avoid.
Surprising Benefits of Exercise. Headed to a job interview? Meeting your future mother-in-law? Use exercise to help you make a good first impression. Oftentimes, I notice my own customers begin to walk a little taller and exude more self-confidence as they begin achieving their physical fitness goals.
Regional Differences In Personalities Confirmed In New Study. \This analysis challenges the standard methods of dividing up the country on the basis of economic factors, voting patterns
Exercise Could Help Kids Do Better In School. Previously, a Michigan State University study showed that physical fitness -- including strength, endurance and flexibility
Flu Shot Could Lower Risk Of Major Heart Events, Review Finds. Getting your flu shot may not just protect you from a week of sniffles, sneezes and misery -- a new review of studies shows
Hope That Helps. If we can look deeply into what most of us hope for, I believe we will find ourselves looking for understanding, kindness, well-being and love. We believe rightly that those things will make our lives better. Try the exercise of bringing those things into your life.
Doing vs. Being. Instead of looking at your day as an endless to do list, what if you started each day with a question
Boost Your Outlook With Natural Light (PHOTOS). The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- of course. GPS
CrossFit Put To The Test, Comes Out On Top. A team of researchers from the University of Wisconsin-La Crosse's exercise physiology program monitored 16 healthy and fit
Trying to Talk to My Family and Integrate Healthy Foods Into Our Lifestyles. When you are a parent, you learn quickly it's all about how quick you need to move when you are maneuvering homework, travel sports and dinner. That's a complicated situation.
The Totally Transformative Way This Marathoner Taught Herself To Run. When the morning of The Run came, I woke up and immediately ate three slices of toast with honey, for \energy.\ Then I spent
Namaste, the Shutdown Is Over. The partial government shutdown was over the night the opening celebration for \Yoga
Your Thinking or Your Life?. The human mind is built to self-correct when fault is not placed on external events or circumstances. It might look otherwise, but you create your experience from inside to out -- 100 percent of the time.
8 Habits Of Extremely Well-Rested People. \Artificial light exposure between dusk and the time we go to bed at night suppresses release of the sleep-promoting hormone
Ghosts, Goblins and Grief. Holidays are a mixed bag.  A griever can't help but have mixed reactions to certain accessories that characterize Halloween and Dia de Los Muertos.  If you know someone who is grieving, be sensitive to their perceptions and reactions.
Communication Boosters. What do successful people have? Relationships that support their success. How did they get those relationships? They exercised effective communication. Here are two communication exercises that can significantly improve the quality of your relationships.
Going Home. Here I was, on a retreat with my daughter, trying to grasp what just happened. I had lost my mother. Although it was expected for a long time, it is quite a big thing when it really happens. In that moment the world changes and things will never be the same.
10 Good Things That Happen During Mercury Retrograde. I have some great news! Here are some amazingly good things that could happen to you during Mercury retrograde.
Think Your Diet Needs More Discipline? Think Again. If we listen to the words of authors, therapists and coaches, we come to believe that in order to lose weight we need to be disciplined. However, this advice is only half true and can easily betray our best efforts, goals and intentions.
The Hope and Hurt. Two minutes, two days, two months, two years, 22 years... it's all a miracle when it comes to recovery, but in reality, and as clich\u00e9 as this may sound, all we have is this moment, and it's up to us, and only us, to decide how we're going to live it.
A Suggestion for Our Politicians. While it may be a bitter pill to swallow, at some level the same polarization that has immobilized our leaders in Washington must exist within us, because it is we who put them there and keep them there.
The 3 Best Exercises for Shoulder Health. The shoulder joint is complicated, often not trained properly and essential to core strength and overall health. Here my go-to shoulder movements.
Something You Don't Want to Know That Could Change the World. I find the more I claim about who I am, the more free I become. I believe my life is about wholeness, claiming all the parts of myself -- not being right, nice or perfect. \u00a0I am just humbly (and not so humbly!) learning to be who I am without influence from others.
Take One Step Forward for Male Eating Disorders. Male body image stereotypes are powerful.  Men are strong. Men are leaders. Men don't complain about fat days. Men certainly don't stick their fingers down their through and purge their meals.  Men don't starve themselves.  Yet men are doing it.  They are doing it in alarming numbers.
Denmark Is Considered The Happiest Country. You'll Never Guess Why.. Danes feel a responsibility to one another It isn't just parents who can expect balanced gender norms. Denmark regularly
The Price We Pay When We Want to Be Liked by Everyone. Living their dream and abandoning yours is exhausting, unfulfilling and such a pity. You are so much more than you give yourself credit for. There's no need to hide what makes you YOU. We need your one-of-a-kind brilliance.
Does All of This Hyper-Concern About Fat Shaming Make My Butt Look Big? (Why We Should Thank Rather Than Attack Maria Kang). Kang's Facebook photo wasn't fat shaming. She asked a legitimate question about priorities on her Facebook page. We cannot become so coddling as a society that we vilify someone who asks us to give some honest thought to the connection between our choices and our health.
I Want to Die a Wealthy Man. For the first time in my life I can do whatever I want to do, yet I sometimes find myself wishing the hours of the day would move faster. I am filled with self-doubt about my ability to do something meaningful. I do not think I am alone in thinking these things.
Money Is Not Special. If you're a happy person, you will probably be even happier with more money, but if you are an unhappy person, no amount of money will change that. Make happiness your goal. Let the money take care of itself.
A Show of Kindness. I once wrestled -- for about four minutes -- with the question of whether I should approach Hugh Hefner, through a close mutual friend, for a major contribution to the humanitarian nonprofit I was serving as CEO of.  Would I and my organization be forever tarnished by smut money?
Dragonfly. I'm having a cold drink, speaking with one of the film's producers, when I see this dragonfly poised on the antenna of a car. \Excuse me,\ I say. With drink in one hand, point-and-shoot camera in the other, I activate the close-up setting and snap three frames.
One Little Word That Can Make You Happier. It began as a project to boost her pitiful self-esteem. From the moment she stepped out of her front door until she retreated into her home, she made it her goal in life to say, \Hi\ or \Hello\ to as many people as she could, and to do so with a friendly smile and more confidence than she actually felt.
Unpack Your Bags -- Guilt Trip's Over. Go back to what it what like growing up -- both in and outside the home. Think about school, social life, etc. Even in your young adult life and into adulthood, what were experiences that happened to invoke these emotions? Why?
Running Form. Usain Bolt is a good example of a runner giving himself to gravity, as he Falls here from the vertical to more than 20 degrees
Read Ingredient Labels. After much testing, I was informed that my baby had \severe allergies\ and was suffering with eczema and asthma in its severest form. Our lives immediately changed forever.
The World's Best And Worst Airports To Sleep In. You may think airports are primarily about one thing
Why I'm Grateful for Very Low Blood Sugar. I realized how I came across to them.  A sweaty young man with blood sugar problems, crutches leaning precariously against the counter, a form from the State of Connecticut sticking out of a pocket of his faded jeans.
Things Aren't Always What They Seem. It turned out that we found a much bigger house, with more light, a beautiful backyard, in a great location -- for less money than we had been paying. The need to move, which initially had seemed like such terrible news, turned into a very positive thing for us.
We Need Each Other. When you decide to learn how to love yourself, you definitely need others to help you with this. We need others to reflect us back to ourselves so that we can see how we may be abandoning ourselves rather than loving ourselves.
The Weekly Rune. This week, consider inspiration and how it's expressed. Observe how the process of expressing it shapes you, creates you
Proof That Boredom Isn't As Bad As Your Parents Always Told You. This \information environmentalism\ movement, Morozov is convinced, will take hold naturally. With distraction and information
Sleep Apnea Raises Car Accident, 'Near Miss' Risk. CPAP involves wearing a mask while sleeping. The CPAP machine and mask pump air into the person's air passageways. This study
Choosing Life Amidst Death. You beat it. Cancer never took you away. It may have brought you to Queen Mary Hospital where I first met you but you chose to not only remain joyful but to also bring joy to those around you.
Five Keys to Having a Near Death Experience (Without the Near Death Part). There are five common keys found by many who have these other worldly experiences. These keys have value beyond measure as we take them, open, and make the pilgrimage to the heart of the sacred within us.
The Risky Business of Managing Your Health. We are all masters of the universe in our own lives. Let's act like it when it comes to our health.
16 Healthier Halloween Candy Recipes To Make At Home. Ah, Halloween... the one day a year that eating candy is actually encouraged. From entire supermarket aisles to office reception
Repeatedly We Are Asked. While excellence is an admirable and useful reward for our effort in the world, our immersion of heart into whatever we are doing leads us past excellence into the experience of Oneness. This is a hard insight to open.
Speak Up With Jimmy. Can you SPEAK your dreams into existence? Motivational speaker and entrepreneur Billionaire P.A. shares with me how he helps
Psyched Out by McDonald's. Hold your applause for fast food giants like McDonald's -- call them out on their ineffective commitments and hold them to a higher standard.
Tobacco Companies Still Target Youth Despite Global Treaty. Children are highly receptive to marketing, says University of Maryland, College Park, public health research professor Dina
Her Last Breaths. Time is also a gift. It's a gift that we can choose to share with the people we love and care about.
Depression More Common In People With Migraine. More than 67,000 Canadians participated in the 2005 Canadian Community Health Survey, data from which was used for the new
How Much Money Is Enough?. If there were more classes in every school dedicated to arts and crafts, music and sports -- from elementary school until high school -- there would be more relaxed, balanced and content young adults in our streets.This might be a good start for our future harmonious society.
Tommy Smith Ditched Fast Food And Cigarettes And Lost 155 Pounds. I have now been smoke-free for about four years. I have run several half-marathons, three full marathons and several obstacle
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (Oct. 18-24). Shifting our paradigm from power over others to power with others allows us an organic, self-renewing source of strength. We may not be able to dictate our every wish, but we can always tap into our true power.
Get to Know Testicular Cancer. Cancer sucks and it is important to be informed. There is a lot of information out there about testicular cancer and other cancers that affect men, so do your research, be informed, talk with your doctor and do what you can to help advocate for awareness.
Ghrelin, Appetite Hormone, Could Increase Susceptibility To PTSD. In addition, researchers found that exposing rats to chronic stress for a long period of time was linked with increased levels
Meet Rylan. His saga began innocently enough two years ago when his parents, Kristina and Andrew, noticed a few red flags. Rylan was having a hard time keeping up with his baseball teammates. He didn't seem to be growing much, either.
Obstructive Sleep Apnea Severity Linked With Death Risk. The Journal of Clinical Sleep Medicine study is the first to find that sleep apnea severity is linked with death risk in
Costume Contact Lenses Are Dangerous, Eye Doctor Group Warns. Although selling such lenses without a prescription is actually illegal, cosmetic lenses can still be found in stores and
GPS Guide. Fulvia Morales is a Mexican young leader and entrepreneur. Formerly working in the global financial services industry, she
Think Dirty App Could Clue Consumers In To Chemicals In Makeup. \Cost is No. 1 for the companies who make the products, and making something synthetic that can be mass produced lowers the
The 3 Buddhist Personality Types. The goal is to understand our nature so we can transform these unhealthy patterns into healthy ones. Our temperament is not a weakness, but a place where we can cultivate strength. Instead of trying to be someone else, you can strive to become the best version of yourself.
McDonald's Halloween Trick. Claiming that this drink is \pumpkin spiced\ is misleading, if not an outright lie, but it is all too common for a food industry that bases marketing and product sales on an array of inaccurate and false claims.
What Message Are You Sending in That Care Package?. Yesterday, I got this text
You Are When You Eat Just as Much as What You Eat. Pick up some healthy snacks at the store.  Stock your fridge, cupboards and office drawers at home and throw a few in your computer bag for travel or office drawers.  The next time you feel yourself headed toward hangry, reach for a snack, and feel the positive energy melt it away.
Happiness Is in the Belly. In the West, we like to look at our mind like a machine, rather than an ocean like several Eastern traditions think of it as. To get to the extreme states of bliss that are talked about in the east we need to focus our mind in our belly and also understand that our mind is an energy field.
Tough Lessons From Th\u00edch Nh\u1ea5t H\u1ea1nh. On the final day of meditation, for the first time since I entered the cage and touched gloves with my opponent, I felt enraptured by nothingness. And when I stood up I felt the beauty of moving, of the gentle buzz of our collective moving, of my body, of our collective bodies.
Diabetes, Sotomayor's Parents and the Memory of the Heart. Parents of children with Type 1 diabetes often experience \chronic sorrow.\ But my mother never let on that she had been given a double dose of grief while calmly doling out insulin, counting out precise numbers of grapes for my lunchbox and driving me to Cub Scouts and Hebrew school.
C. Perfringens, Toxin-Emitting Bacteria Found In Soil, Could Play Role In Multiple Sclerosis. Researchers are coming closer to answering that question, after discovering evidence of a bacterium called Clostridium perfringens
Changing the Breast Cancer Patient Experience. As the nation marks Breast Cancer Month in October, it's important to recognize the importance of providing well-coordinated care to all breast cancer patients so no one \falls through the cracks\ in the system and that patients get expedited and seamless service.
Life After Death? New Techniques Halt Dying Process. \Historically, when a person's heart stopped and they stopped breathing, for all intents and purposes, they were dead,\ said
Being in the Pause. I do believe that God lies within us and everything outside is a reflection of what's inside. So the pause is an opportunity to go inside once again and get quiet enough that you can hear and let the next move unfold for you. It's a magical practice. Let the next move unfold for you.
Prevent Sports Injuries With Exercise, Review Says. The researchers reviewed 25 previously published studies on sports injuries. All the studies were published by January 2013
Deepak Chopra. Deepak Chopra, the controversial New Age guru and booster of alternative medicine, lives just below the penthouse on the
How Cancer Saved My Life. So while I curse cancer with every fiber of my being, this is the one and only time that I will ever say, \Thank you, cancer.  Thank you for motivating me to get off my couch to kick your rectum sideways. 'Preciate you.\
When Doctors Refuse to Prescribe Life-Saving Medication. Dr. Martin believes that education is key to encouraging physicians to prescribe naloxone. Once medical providers become
Healthy Lifestyle = Healthy Body. The more I spoke in public forums, the more I realized that PREVENTION is the answer! Let's NOT get cancer in the first place -- How's that for a cure?
How We Die Is Not Our Whole Story. My parents and I heard phrases like, \What a waste.\ At grief groups, I was embarrassed to say how he died. As if him dying from drugs and alcohol meant I had less of a right to be there than if his life had been claimed by a car accident or a heart defect.
Why Your Good Intentions May Be Causing Harm. People with the \counselor\ impostor tend to have an aversion to experiencing life as the messy, real and emotionally-charged experience that it is. Now, there's nothing wrong with supporting your loved ones, but any good therapist knows the value of self-care and healthy boundaries.
Beach Boys Singer Reveals How The Band Taught Him Gratitude In ORIGIN Magazine. Maranda Pleasant
How Gratitude Healed My Life. By the end of the third week, it was as if any dreariness of my life started to clear and the sun popped out. Then I realized the miracle. Nothing outside of me changed -- it was all an inside job.
Running Form. Pose Position | Figure 4 Force Plate 2 | Harsh Heel Strike Anatomy of a Stride Force Plate | Gentle Forefoot Touchdown Start
Interview With a Zombie. WBK/DOJ
How to Figure Out Your Unmet Needs. In addition to all these more deep-rooted belief systems we've made up in our heads, I'm finding that one of the biggest obstacles to us asking for what we need is that we often don't even know what we need.
Developing Bodhicitta. Verses 10 and 11 of Ocean of Compassion mention the seven-fold cause and effect method. They go like this
7 Reasons To Take A Texting Sabbath Today. Google executive Bonita Stewart banishes her cell phone from her ballet class so that she can enjoy her dance practice unfettered
5 Strategies for Optimal Autumn Wellness. Let's acknowledge autumn can also decrease motivation as well as trigger low mood and energy levels. Some people thrive in autumn; others, not so much. That's fine. \u00a0Stop pressuring yourself to feel exuberant when your body needs time to adjust to seasonal transition.
Egg Freezing for Later Pregnancy in Perimenopause or Early Menopause. Sometimes fertility and menopause clash when a woman has not had a baby and is either still looking for a partner or requires treatment that propels her suddenly into menopause.
4 'Healthwashing' Pitfalls to Watch Out For. Truly unprocessed food doesn't need to toot its own horn with meaningless call outs and claims, nor is it composed of a litany of ingredients, including artificial flavoring and neon-bright dyes. Above all, remember
An Ode to the Entrepreneur. An undertaker of one's greatest dream -- with courage as abundant as his or her ingenuity. A willingness to take a chance in spite of the fear. A born leader becomes an entrepreneur because he or she knows they could never survive under the rule of another.
Broccoli Compound DIM Could Protect Healthy Tissues During Radiation Treatments For Cancer. A compound that comes from broccoli and cabbage could help protect healthy tissue from radiation during cancer treatment
Roadblocks. The next time you do not get that job that you so desperately wanted or you were unable to purchase the house of your dreams, take a deep breath and know that this roadblock is temporary and it must pass.
4 Ways to Get Better Lungs and Make Exercise Easier. Whether you plan on exercising at altitude, climbing Mt. Everest, visiting a friend in Colorado, or simply want to make exercise slightly easier no matter where you're working out, here are four tips to help you get the lungs of a mountaintop Sherpa.
Woman vs. Sleep. Women's experience of sleep loss is different, and requires sensitivity to feminine factors that may cause and maintain sleep difficulties. Focusing on ways to get quality sleep can help prevent the many health, cognitive and emotional consequences of sleep loss.
Are We Having Fun Yet?. Designers can be rather expensive in relationships, since they appreciate the finer things and surround themselves with beautiful
The Best Immunity-Boosting Breakfasts. Some extra-diligent handwashing and sufficient shut-eye can go a long way in keeping you healthy all season long, but an
Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction Could Help Lower Blood Pressure. Researchers from Kent State University found that people with prehypertension -- meaning they have borderline high blood
Clearing the Clutter. Cleaning out the emotional clutter is a hard job. It takes willingness and dedication. It requires a daily conscious effort. There will be tears. There will be hard days. But the outcome is more than worth it.
Indian Yogi Sadhguru. \What you accumulate can be yours, it can never, ever be you,\ said Sadhguru. \What you call as my body is an accumulation
What To Look For In A Can (Or Box) Of Soup. Surprisingly, many vegetable soups have egg ingredients and wheat when I would expect just to see veggies. While \100 percent
Brian McLaughlin Lost 147 Pounds And Celebrated His Success In A Surprising Place. Check out more of our inspiring weight loss stories below
When He (or She) Just Doesn't Want to Talk About It. Not all relationships can or should be saved. Knowing if and when to make that call is a critical piece of information that we need to have in order to know which path to take.
Treating Fibromyalgia, Naturally. Fibromyalgia is a condition that mimics other diseases (Lyme, lupus, arthritis, to name a few) so doctors who are used to looking for certain types of problems will often miss it altogether. Often, these patients are dismissed as hypochondriacs.
5 People You Forgot to Say 'Thank You' to. From that family member who taught you a life lesson to the sibling that showered you with unconditional love to the friend that gave you the gift of patience, there are countess big things that are deserving of a simple \thank you.\
Mediterranean Diet vs. Cholesterol Pills. The debate highlights what's unusual about a Mediterranean Diet
8 Secrets of Undesired Singlehood. It is scary to take a chance and go for what we want and compete, but when we do, we most often find it is well worth it to face our fears. We end up with a stronger sense of self, and we increase our chances of creating a relationship with the partner we really desire.
Capitol Hill Shooting. These recent horrific shootings -- from Sandy Hook Elementary, to the U.S. Navy Yard, to Capitol Hill -- highlight the necessity
Forbidden Fruit. Let's cut to the chase. Blueberries, grapes, apples, bananas and grapefruit were significantly associated with lower risk of Type 2 diabetes. Fruit juice consumption was associated with an increased risk.
Cookies, Cocaine, and Culture. The need for Oreos to be indicted of war crimes before we acknowledge we are eating too many of them, and foods like them, says something profoundly disturbing about our culture. How bad is bad enough?
Promising HIV Vaccine May Take 10 Years To Perfect. These antibodies are able to target specific regions of the virus that are important for its survival and are present in
Cold Temperatures, Spicy Food Both Burn Fat. 11 Surprising Things That Can Make Us Gain Weight Lose Weight Smartly
Are Women Better Doctors Than Men?. \Women had significantly higher scores in terms of compliance with practice guidelines. They were more likely than men to
Impavido, Drug To Treat Parasitic Disease Leishmaniasis, Backed By FDA Panel. Impavido was granted priority review by the FDA, a status that cuts the review time to six months from the standard 10. Priority
The Life Out Loud. Have you ever tried making a vision board? It's often one of the first assignments I give my coaching clients -- a powerful visual way of creatively connecting with your hopes and dreams.
Traditional Workouts Trumps Housework For Exercise. In recent years, public health messages regarding physical activity have shifted from a focus on traditional exercises, such
Everyday Jet Lag. If you consider yourself to be a born morning person or an inveterate night owl, there is new research that supports your
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- of course. GPS
Yoga to Transform a Bad Day. Yoga philosophy teaches that the transient nature of the world is the source of all our desires and dissatisfactions. These
Stuck on a Goal. If you understand that thoughts are designed to fluently flow in and out, it won't make sense to take the content of your goals as gospel. Again, visions for the future are bound to change -- actually they're meant to. Get stuck on a goal and you're restricting the abundant opportunities that lie ahead.
Action Call. Moving forward, let's change American medicine.  We can be better doctors and better patients.  Together, we can change how medicine is practiced in this country and shift focus to living healthy naturally.  Together, we can find hope.
Don't Label Me. If you must put a label on someone, tell them they have a tendency to be successful.  Tell them that they will excel. Tell them that they are wonderful. Tell them that they are beautiful.  Tell them that they shine.
Do You Want a Relationship to Change?. It is amazing how most people say they want a solid relationship, but refuse to address how their thoughts create all sorts of relationship drama. The opportunity to dig deep and allow the truth to be stated out loud releases everyone from a false sense of relating or obligation.
Why Maria Kang Is Not the Problem. I don't think this was a premeditated attempt to ridicule women that don't wear a size 2, nor was it an attack on men that lack the presence of washboard abs. This is merely an instance where her motive was misrepresented. Maria Kang is not the \real\ problem -- self-acceptance is.
Test To Detect Hidden Blood Clots On The Horizon. \Some patients are at more risk for clotting, but existing blood tests are not consistently able to detect the formation
10 Psychological Studies That Will Change What You Think You Know About Yourself. \When researchers give people power in scientific experiments, they are more likely to physically touch others in potentially
9 Sins Against Superfoods. You've probably seen some version of the cute but misguided mantra claiming chocolate is a vegetable. As much as we all wish
Bacteria's Little Secret. I also recommend the minerals chromium and zinc, which strengthen the digestive tract and control inflammation. Specific
The 2013 Kona Ironman. There is no requirement for people to cheer others on they don't know, but you see it happening along the whole of the race course. I observed the best of what we call \human.\ It affirmed for me that within humans reside compassion, generosity, thoughtfulness, and concern for others.
The Power of Pride. So is pride a sin or a virtue? If one's pride stems from true ability and is expressed in moderation, it will be quite valuable. But if the pride is misplaced -- if it's not reflective of one's true abilities or competence -- then it is hubris and can only end in ruin.
Affordable Health Care for Everyone Is Important. There is much debate surrounding the Affordable Care Act (commonly known as Obamacare), its implementation, its policies, and how millions of Americans will actually benefit from the new law. No matter what side of the debate you fall on, it is important to look at what Obamacare could mean for people like my husband.
Is Technology Replacing Traditional Psychotherapy?  iOS7 Wasn't the Only Upgrade This September. Research is beginning to show that, while technology may not replace in-person therapy, advances are making life better for survivors.
'I Am Robin Roberts' Sister'. \Make your mess your message.\ I've often heard Robin Roberts say her Mom said. Her mom and my mom are two different people. So how am I Robin's white sister?
Could an Apple a Day Help With Cancer Prevention?. Apples contain cell protective plant chemicals called flavonoids, which act as antioxidants by scavenging free radicals that are destructive to your genes and by supporting normal inflammation control.
Beating on Wheat and Raining on Grains. The reality is that we can't eat the foods our Stone Age ancestors ate, because their foods don't exist now, and our foods didn't exist then. The best we can do is approximate the native.
5 Ways Success May Be Hurting Your Love Life. Remember that real success is about meaningful human connections. That's the real reward of life, while power, money and status are merely means for attaining it. So give yourself gentle reminders to make people a priority.
Exercise Could Protect Your Sense Of Smell. \Participants who reported exercising at least once a week long enough to work up a sweat had a decreased risk of olfactory
Love, Loss and Conquering Cancer. There are many reasons cancer has become ingrained in the landscape of our lives. Cancer prevention should be on the top of every corporate spreadsheet. How would that change the way we do business?  What could that do to expand corporate social responsibility?
10 Ways To Stop A Cold In Its Tracks. 4. Make like Grandpa and gargle. Evidence shows gargling with water a few times a day during cold and flu season may also
The 'Benefits' of Verbal Abuse. Now let's be very clear here. Recognizing the benefits of something negative isn't saying, \It's okay that it happened to you.\ It's not okay. But it is saying, \This isn't how my story is going to end.\
Here's Why You Must Convince Your Loved One To Quit Smoking. Chemicals in tobacco smoke cause inflammation and cell damage, and can weaken the immune system. The body makes white blood
What Are These Thoughts in My Head and Where Do They Come From?. The first step is to realize that we have these different voices offering up their advice. They all want things to be done their way. The challenge is to get this \committee\ to come together in a consensus so we can make a decision that's for the highest good for all of our parts.
Today in the Mind of Lewis Howes. \Think of a tough time in your life, when you hated the situation you were in the most. Hold onto that moment and really own and feel it. Remember what it was like and that you never want to be there again. Then take action.\
Today in the Mind of Jerry Colonna. \We all want to be seen, loved, acknowledged, held, and honored for who we are. That in doing so, we get to live undivided and whole and that the opposite of sadness is not happiness but wholeness.\
Please Put That Pink Can of Soup Down and Put Your Bra Back On. Are you kidding me? How on earth could a day where girls and women are encouraged to post and share photos of their braless breasts and to walk around with their nipples poking through their shirts be \supportive\ for women who are living with or who have died from breast cancer?
Why Are Today's Teens More Susceptible To Genital Herpes?. But, \for over a decade, HSV-1 has been migrating below the waist as cause of genital herpes,\ Schaffner said. In the study
The 50+ Year Challenge. Let's face it -- you may not be \just a few days away from a new and improved you,\ but with a sustained commitment to health and fitness the definition of \the new you\ has limitless potential.
Sneaker Guide for Runners. When it comes to running, toenails are for sissies, and without pain there is no gain, but in my opinion you're less grumpy and your feet look prettier if you do what you can to feel good and stay comfortable.
Hormone Discovery Could Lead To Way To Prevent Jet Lag. You cannot simply knock out vasopressin signaling permanently\u2014that would have negative effects on behavior and brain activity
My Incredible Shrinking Dad -- And the Importance of a Daily Weigh-In. Most of the time when the number went the wrong way, Dad knew why. One day, it was three vodkas. Another time, too many carrots. One of my favorites
British Medical Journal Will No Longer Publish Studies Funded By Tobacco Industry. The editors of the British Medical Journal, as well as the journals Heart, Thorax and BMJ Open, announced this week that
How to Fight Fear and Restore Trust in Medicine. With my disclosure, I am holding myself publicly accountable to my patients. I am saying that I don't have anything to hide from you. I know you are vulnerable, but I'll be vulnerable with you. This is a partnership. We're in this together.
The Science Behind Why We Binge (And What To Do About It). At some point, we've all awoken from some kind of binge, perhaps surrounded by beer bottles, candy wrappers or shopping bags
These Meditation Spots Will Inspire You To Take A Moment To Breathe (PHOTOS). While a meditation practice can be done anywhere, finding a sacred space adds to the experience. Whether it's in your home
Beyond Pink Ribbons to Breast Cancer Prevention. An alarming 1 in 8 women will be diagnosed with the disease in her lifetime. That represents a 40 percent increase in just a generation. If the NFL teams on those pink-ribboned fields were losing that badly the fans would be booing and the owners would be swapping out coaches and players.
People Genetically Predisposed To Be Anxious May Be Less Likely To Help Others. People with a genetic predisposition for anxiety might be less likely to help others, a new study suggests. Recently, a study
Response To Stressful Life Events Could Affect Anxiety, Depression Risk. Though traumatic life events are the biggest cause of depression or anxiety, a new study suggests that how people respond
The Essential Nutrient Your Pet Bird Could Be Lacking. Except for bird owners who live in warm, sunny climates and can have their pets outside for several hours a day, most of us need to provide indoor UV lighting to ensure our birds get the exposure they need for good health.
Alexandra Ramos Committed To Tracking Calories And Lost 174 Pounds. Current Weight
Yoga Poses That Can Hurt You. To be smart and safe in yoga, we need to consider postural alignment and natural joint function, rather than blindly following a list of \must-do\ traditional poses and boot camp challenges.
5 Virtues to Share With the World. Virtues are our moral duties to each other and to ourselves. And as with any other precious element of life, virtues must be shared to be felt. Extend your highest virtues, your greatest parts of your self, and gift them to the world to feel them grow in your heart.
Here's Why Your Favorite Foods Are So Hard To Resist. So why do I call it the Coca-Cola conspiracy? Well, what\u2019s in Coke? Caffeine, good, good. So what\u2019s caffeine? It\u2019s a mild
Louisville Premieres New Program to Fight Pulmonary Disease. \Then what they will do is they will email me to tell me how I'm doing. Either my asthma is out of control or it's okay. And
How Some Of The World's Most Successful People Discovered Their Spiritual Side. Paul & Sonia Jones \I understood suddenly how thought was just an illusory thing, and how thought is responsible for, if
Inspiring Chalkboard Messages From Coffee Shops. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- of course. GPS
Your Resourceful State. We can intentionally, easily and effortlessly, put ourselves into a resourceful state any time we choose. We literally can switch within seconds to a state in which we can think clearly and creatively, express ourselves authentically, and do whatever we need to do to feel energetic, powerful and happy.
Are Headphones Bad For Hearing?. From Mother Nature Network's Chanie Kirschner
Resveratrol, Red Wine Compound, Could Make Radiation More Effective Against Melanoma. Researchers from the University of Missouri School of Medicine found that treating melanoma cells with resveratrol in a lab
Susan G. Komen 3-Day Walk in Washington, D.C. and the Race to Know When Not to Treat. Better screening tools are detecting more cancers. Women's lives have been saved. These same tools are identifying more cancers that won't result in any harm.
Stop Overdosing on Celebrity Gossip, the News, and Low-Quality Information. Is it necessary to turn on the same news program every night? Are you living a better life because of watching it? If something isn't benefitting you, then eliminate it.
5 Things You Should Never Say to People With Cancer. I can't say that before my experience I would have had the right words for someone with cancer. But, having been the guinea pig about 18 months ago, let me share some wisdom of what NOT to say.
The Huge, Hidden Benefits Of An Extra Hour Of Sleep. It's weird that we sometimes think we can go without sleep -- since we'd be so much more productive with just a bit more
Tools of a Mighty Heart. We humans need our most annoying intimate relationships to scrub and polish the insides of our hearts to reveal the precious gems awaiting us there.   Only our loves can help us scour away the most caked-on muck and shine up the jewels.
It's Time to Move Beyond the Clich\u00e9s. These men and women deserve treatment now when they need it.  It is available if the government and medical professions commit to smartly managing the risk and benefit of promising treatments.
Necrotizing Fasciitis. Diagnosed too late Their efforts, however, were unsuccessful. The infection subsided, but the diagnosis had come too late
Shift Work Not Linked To Cognitive Decline In New Study. The characteristics of the participants was generally similar, except for the women who had worked shift work for over 20
20 Annoying Digital Habits (And How To Curb Them). Not valuing your time -- or that of others -- is a sign of digital obsession. This applies to people who surf online for
Blue Jasmine, the Samson Complex, and the Trauma of Knowing. Blue Jasmine, Woody Allen's recent movie, is an arresting and disturbing meditation on the devastating cost of not knowing, of averting the gaze from the blurring, even blinding, blaze of one's reality.
How to Manage the Two Biggest Distractions. Being able to keep your focus amidst the daily din of distraction makes you better able to use whatever talents you need to apply -- whether making a business plan or a cheese souffl\u00e9. The more prone to distraction, the worse we do.
8 High-Protein, Nutritionist-Approved Snacks To Keep You Full. \Twenty-four grams of protein is more than some people have in a meal,\ Elizabeth M. Ward, RD, tells The Huffington Post
The Planks You Should Be Doing (But Probably Aren't). Click over to Q by Equinox for even more plank variations. Now that the plank has effectively supplanted the crunch as the
Bacon Harms Male Fertility? Link Found Between Processed Meat, Semen Quality. While the team found that eating more than one serving of bacon, or other processed meats, related to diminished semen quality
Warning. How about we actually like our bodies AND the food we eat for a change while producing the results we want, instead of being the sacrificial lamb at the altar of the fitness Industry? THIS should be the new face of health. Are you with me?
Self-Compassion Could Help With Homesickness In College Freshmen. As predicted, the researchers did find that students who could be kind to themselves (as opposed to self-critical) were significantly
Don't Miss the Chance to Impact Justice. In my experience as a lawyer in the public interest sector and as a judge working on behalf of persons with mental illness in the criminal justice system, I can attest that social reform and progress comes hard, if it comes at all.
'We Think We Gain Time From Multitasking -- But Very Often We Don't'. Arianna Huffington spoke with Amanda for The Conversation about unitasking (not multitasking) and staying present in the
The Courage to Surrender. In 2010 I attended a trauma-sensitive yoga training at Kripalu. At this training I listened to an Iraq war veteran named
Back Pain. The relaxation and stress reductions that are an integral part of yoga have well-documented benefits for almost everything, including negative emotions and almost all types of back pain.
8 Things You Probably Didn't Know About Deodorant. We're still falling for it, though
4 Ways to Cultivate Gratitude Every Day. I know we are all busy, and it is not easy to exercise gratitude on a daily basis, so I have found ways (tricks) to keep me on track. I know that cultivating gratitude is a choice I need to make every day, or I will miss all the magical moments of my life.
Half Silence. I slump to the side, leaning on my arm, looking down at the fringed edge of my yoga blanket and wondering if I've made a mistake.  A yoga retreat at an ashram in the foothills of the Catskill Mountains sounded great.
Irisin Molecule Could Help Explain Why Exercise Is Good For The Brain. The findings, published in the journal Cell Metabolism, show that endurance exercise seems to lead to the production of a
What to Do the Night Before So You Exercise in the Morning. Exercise is one of the most important things you can do for physical and personal balance. This routine is one person's strategy to help you power down at night so you can power up in the morning and get your day started out right! Let the balance begin!
GPS Guide. GPS Guides are our way of showing you what has relieved others' stress in the hopes that you will be able to identify solutions
A Culture of Denial. People don't abuse substances because they are bored, looking for stimulation, stressed, or prone to self-medicating. While these are the usual suspects promoted by psychology texts, media, even bloggers, they rarely bear fruit.
All Cancer Is Metastatic!. So in honor of all our sisters and brothers living with known metastatic disease, let us honor their experience while recognizing that theirs is a much bigger club than we have previously acknowledged.
The Industry of No. The greatest threshold to an awakened life is the courage to say yes. Not yes to being abused or mistreated, but yes to the authority of your own being which touches on the sea of all being.
Why Your Brain Needs More Time To Relax. Several studies suggest that something similar happens in the human brain. When people with epilepsy require surgery that
I Learned To Stop Complaining And Discover My Passions (VIDEO). Check out the full conversation about giving up complaining at HuffPost Live HERE. HuffPost Live's Nancy Redd talked with
New Theory Explains Where Old Memories Go In The Brain. Researchers from Johns Hopkins University have come up with a new theory that just might settle some of this controversy
27 Things You Should Put An Egg On (Or Inside). Ahh, the humble egg. Few foods out there are as versatile as this inexpensive protein source. These little orbs are filled
Can Your Nose Make You Fat?. In contemplating weight gain, the nose seems like an improbable culprit. Most people would far more likely blame the mouth for waistline woes. Nevertheless, the nose may indeed have a part to play.
Meditation Instead of Medication. How many distractions do we live with today? Diversions include smart phones, laptops, iTunes, Netflix, social media and texting, to name a few. What if, in the midst of all this, you could maintain more focus? How would that affect your future?
Customizing Your Relationship. Next, compare your actual relationship -- as it now exists -- to the one that you have visualized. Identify every specific thing you can that separates where you now are, from what you have envisioned as ideal.
Weight Watchers More Successful Than Self-Help Approach, Study Finds. \To get into a community of people who are trying to lose weight is a very important aspect to weight loss,\ said Johnston
The 10 Words You Won't Say...On Your Deathbed. The words you won't say on your deathbed are, \If only I had spent more time at the office.\ Most people are too busy living their life to stop and imagine the regrets they might have when they are about to die.
Drop the 'Shoulds'. At bottom, \shoulds\ are not about events. They're about what you want to experience (especially emotions and sensations) if your demands on reality are met, or what you fear you'll experience if they're not.
9 Strategies to Curb Candy Consumption This Halloween. Trick-or-treat needn't become civil war with your kids, neither must you force them to stalwartly abstain from joy. Instead, let's shift perspective and make Halloween fun rather than just a candy-drenched fiesta.
Wet And Wild. Human-created whitewater courses are impressive feats of engineering, often relying on dams or river diversions and specially
Eye Drops Could Treat Age-Related Macular Degeneration. There currently is no cure for AMD, nor is there a treatment for its most common form, the so-called dry AMD, which affects
5 Weird Places Toxins Are Lurking. \Baby safe\ cleaning and laundry products. Most cleaning supplies that are marketed as kid-safe contain all the same ingredients
Soy. The story about soy is the story about the evolution of knowledge about diet and cancer in general, as they say, and here is the rest of the story.
No Quick Fix to Fighting Depression Comes Without Long-Term Side Effects. Many of the symptoms that patients complain about are the side effects caused by the drug that they were incorrectly prescribed in the first place. I want to stress the need that patients must ask questions and be educated.
How to Reduce Belly Fat. Despite claims we are \eating right,\ many times we don't realize that if we are not getting the results in fat loss, then no matter how good we are eating, it is not good enough.
Running Form. Running Pose as seen in stride to stride sequence. ... modern distance runners use a maladaptive [landing] pattern, specifically
Motivated By Her Dad's Slipping Health, Desiree Lost 230 Pounds. How I Gained It
We Need a Revolution in the Pharmaceutical Drug Industry!. A U.S. Senate Committee once found that the profit margins for pharmaceutical companies were four times those of other companies
21 Reasons Why Some People Get So Lucky in Life. As I thought about my own journey of learning to deal with uncertainty these days, I realized that in the absence of luck being granted to us by the lottery of birth, we all can get a chance to get lucky.
Can Mindfulness Make Us Better Teachers?. For teachers, this means that in the midst of the craziness that is a classroom, we remain aware of what\u2019s going on inside
Why I Sneaked Out of My First Yoga Class. The door opened and the instructor walked in. Tall, tan, smiling with huge, beautiful teeth nearly radioactive in brightness, she flicked a cascade of perfect blonde extensions from her face as she cleared her throat. Pamela Anderson was about to teach me yoga.
The Fit Babies On Instagram Are In Better Shape Than All Of Us. We know these babies aren't actually pounding out real pushups or heaving barbells overhead, but it's more than a little
Being Rejected Hurts. Fortunately, Our Brains Have A Way Of Dealing With It. There also seemed to be a link between the resiliency of the participant and the response by the opioid systems. People who
The 9 Happiness Mistakes You're Probably Making. Brown's point poses a significant question
5 Tips For Working From Home. No, I'm not saying you should wear a pant suit while working from your living room. But please - change out of your pajamas, will you? For me, just knowing that I look decent makes me much more likely to take my work day seriously. Unless I have a meeting where I have to look professional, my favorite wardrobe for working from home is exercise clothes. They're comfortable, presentable, and automatically give the feeling of accomplishment. It's also a motivating factor to exercise, but we'll save that for another post.
The One Word To Never Ever Say Again At Work. According to Nell Minow, co-founder of The Corporate Library, the word \busy\ can be \profoundly toxic\ to both our careers
We Tried It. Whoa. I usually reserve DVD workouts for my early-a.m. sweat sessions because I feel like I can sometimes get away with watching with one eye still closed. Not. The. Case.
Psychological Support Could Lead To Better Outcomes For Heart Patients. \The nurses on our coronary care unit observed that patients were less likely to have another heart attack, die, or return
What Mindfulness Really Is. Here are some of the most common false views about mindfulness that I have encountered and ways to change them.
Dismissal. Dismissal, like failure, is something you have to learn to deal with. Control your reaction to it and turn a dis into a discovery and you'll be several steps ahead of your dismissal's power.
4 Things Your Hair Can Say About Your Health. From Mother Nature Network's Starre Vartan
Soulful Lessons From a Woodpecker. In fact, at one point, that darn bird was actually pecking away at a new spot while Mr. Drivet Repair was working to fill
Are You Paying Way Too Much for Your Medications?. If you're taking prescription medications and you have insurance, maybe you feel pretty lucky when all you have to do is pay a \small\ copay each time you get a new bottle of pills. But are you? Believe it or not, many people with insurance often pay far too much for their prescriptions.
Are We Addicted to Facebook, or Are We Just Addicted to Ourselves?. We might wonder how it came to be that we started meeting psychiatric diagnostic criteria for addiction, not for heroin or alcohol, but for a social media site. It can't possibly be the \like\ function that makes us irritable and anxious when we can't check our feed. So to what, exactly, are we addicted?
Improving Our Nation's Health, Community by Community. While heart disease and stroke are major threats for all Americans, certain segments of our population are hit the hardest.
Money! Money! Where's the Money Honey?. If a couple embraces the tracking of money as a way of supporting each others survival, the idea of counting dollars becomes a powerful way to say \I love you\ to each other. They can feel like they are working together so they can not only survive, but thrive -- together!
Have You Hugged Your Postal Clerk Today?. Want to change the world? Start with the person in front of you.
Boston Celtics Hope To Get More Ws By Catching More Zs. A year ago, Brad Stevens sought an edge and believed a researcher he knew could provide it. That researcher studied sleep
Possible Treatment For Marijuana Abuse Found. In another experiment, the researchers took the animals off of the THC or synthetic drug for a while, and then increased
Fitness Experts Praise Bodyweight Workouts Over Machines. By Dorene Internicola NEW YORK, Oct 14 (Reuters) - Man versus machines? In the realm of fitness at least man seems to be
Mexican Cholera Outbreak Spreads, Preventive Campaign Launched. MEXICO CITY, Oct 14 (Reuters) - A cholera outbreak in central Mexico has risen to 159 confirmed cases and spread to four
Naps During School? For Preschoolers, Yes. New research shows that a midday nap may play a crucial role in enhancing memory and boosting learning capabilities in preschool-age children.
4 Great Group Exercise Classes. Offered for first time in the U.S. at Tribeca's new Superstar Gym, it uses self-powered treadmills -- meaning you control
HuffPost Workouts. While these are some of my favorite songs in quiet moments, they are also the ones I quickly skip while running. But today's run was meant to be an easy one -- I have a 10K race in a couple of days and just wanted to move a bit without overdoing it.
Affective Touch Boosts Sense Of Self, Study Suggests. \As affective touch is typically received from a loved one, these findings further highlight how close relationships involve
The Sunday Night Blues Are Real -- Here's How To Beat Them. But a case of the blues doesn't have to derail your Sunday. Below are five expert-approved strategies for beating that end
Manage Your Expectations, Lower Your Stress. Your outlook is a product of your own relationship with expectation. What will or won't happen, no one knows. And how we deal with the stress of not knowing, whether to hope for the best or expect the worst, the idea that our expectations always directly affect an outcome is little more than magical thinking.
Daphne Zuniga Opens Up About Mindfulness And Finding Love In ORIGIN Magazine. MP
6 Science-Backed Reasons To Go Read A Book Right Now. \It really doesn't matter what book you read, by losing yourself in a thoroughly engrossing book you can escape from the
The 4 Letter Word That Leads You Astray (And What to Do About It). In order to endure the pain you must be able to sit with it, not avoid it. No one wants to be in pain, but remember that pain can also be a lesson, an opportunity to learn, grown and change.
Fun Ways Mental Health Professionals De-Stress. We all experience stress at times, even mental health professionals who treat people with stress and anxiety for a living. Here is a roundup of ways mental health professionals deal with stress in their own lives.
Guilt Really Does Weigh You Down. The study, which is published in the journal PLOS ONE, included four separate experiments. In one of the experiements, 153
The Ultimate Guide To Unplugging (INFOGRAPHIC). Text by Sophia Breene. Graphics by Kim Steinhilber. Not exactly sure what to do with your tech-free time? Here are some ideas
In Honor Of Marathon Season, Show Us Your Running Photos!. The fall running season heats up just as the cooler temps set in. Runners who spent the summer gearing up are finally ready
7 Best Foods to Buy Organic. Despite the skeptics, there is a rising agreement in the scientific community that small amounts of pesticides and other chemicals have negative effects on health.
'Marriage Doesn't Solve Your Problems; If Anything, It Makes Them Worse'. Gaining clarity on what drives us toward these type of relationships will launch us toward freedom. Once we decide to speak our truth and follow it up with action, we'll feel a confidence that we didn't know existed for us.
Lucky We Live Hawaii. Explore New Heights Sure, chronic stress is bad -- it's even been linked in research with a higher risk of dying from stroke
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (Oct. 11-17). Even momentarily concentrating on healthy solutions rewires psychological patterns to receive and share healthy sexual love in the present.  Here are three meditations with the themes of control, caressing, and harmony for you to ponder and practice this week.
I Lost Weight. Breaking Point
10 Keys to Creating a Mental Illness Management Plan. We need a plan for managing mental health and a more comprehensive strategy to help identify and recognize mental illness.  Mental health, like diabetes or obesity, should be approached systematically, accounting for nutrition, lifestyle, emotional support, spirituality and need for medication.
How to Get Lucky. It's a dead-simple thing, really. Luck is a choice. Luck is a modality, a way of operating, a thing you can switch on in an instant and then enjoy its throb and heat and pulse forever and ever until you die, like a cosmic rabbit vibrator for your soul.
8 Steps to Stop Your Nighttime Binges. Do you sometimes sneak a late-night snack, even after you've had a big dinner? Or worse, do you find yourself hungry and craving sugar and carbs at night? You may think you're alone, but nighttime eating is a common problem.
The 'Corset Diet' Is Not A Diet At All. It's Just Scary.. An outdated fashion accessory is getting another chance at the spotlight thanks to its new reputation as a weight-loss method
OxyELITE Pro Now Illegal To Sell In Hawaii, Linked To Liver Failure And Death. OxyELITE Pro has been linked to 24 cases of acute hepatitis and liver failure in Hawaii in the last six months. Twenty nine
Dear Mom. You helped shape my character and my self image and my outlook on life. To call myself fat is to call you fat. I couldn't dream of doing or thinking that -- you are gorgeous and strong and funny and you inspire me every day -- so what gives me the right to say it about myself?
5 Steps Toward Resilience. 1. Sleep Sleep is crucial to sanity because sleep disturbances can contribute to, aggravate, and even cause mood disorders
Stand Clear. Maybe I need to change my tactics and use my super powers for something other than fighting doors. Perhaps instead of fighting I should learn to just stand clear.
Making The Most Of Your Lunch Hour. More Americans are eating lunch at their desks or even forgoing it altogether. Is passing up a proper midday break bad for
Herbal Supplements Often Contain Unlisted Ingredients. By Rachael Rettner, Senior Writer Published
Zombie Years. Zombies are, insofar as I understand their biological classification, undead. They aren't entirely dead, but they certainly aren't fully alive either. That sounds a lot like life with a serious chronic disease. When one's life no longer involves pleasure or the pursuit of interests, it is something of a half-life.
The 10 Principles of Integrative Psychiatry. To me, anyone who is too far on one side of the fence -- either wanting to throw a pill at any negative emotion, or wanting to blame medications for all of society's ills -- seems to be missing the point. Instead of taking an extreme view, I strive to take a wise, balanced, and integrative approach.
At the Top of My Lungs. My heart is full when I look at my beautiful, strong husband. My lifeline, my ballast, my all-purpose flotation device, helping me keep my head above water.
Genes Linked With Predisposition To Focus On The Negative. Of course, it's not just genes that will make someone focus on the negative -- environmental factors also play a part. But
The Life Out Loud. Hedge fund managers Nick Morris and Dan Gluck began obsessively investigating chia, reading whatever research they could find on its nutritional properties. They discovered that chia is an \off-the-charts superfood.\
What Did You Say No to by Saying Yes to Another?. I cannot and will not say no to any life force that reeks with any level of a life force of potentiality. That includes the
Power Playground Workout. Remember when the only gym you knew was of the jungle variety? It didn't feel like work, but all that climbing and hanging
Hemorrhoid Google Searches Skyrocketed Since 2008. It seems possible that conditions such as hemorrhoids might be among the most searched-for online because people may be embarrassed
Iclusig, Leukemia Drug, Probed By FDA After Reports Of Serious Adverse Events. Ariad's shares fell 7 percent in early trade on Friday. Postmarket reports show that Iclusig patients experienced heart attacks
The Slowest Generation, or the Healthiest?. Runners can find competition, camaraderie, or fun. We are fortunate that there are so many races and race formats to choose from. Instead of complaining, let's just pick the races that we enjoy running and let others choose theirs. On race day, run your race. Nobody is holding you back, but you.
Cyberchondria More Common In People Who Fear The Unknown. The \mind is a powerful thing. It controls everything in the body
How to Avoid Relationship Weight Gain. Being on the same page is huge when it comes to relationships. Health and fitness should be no exception. If you feel like you are overindulging or constantly ordering in late night, talk about it!
Pancreatic Cancer Biomarkers Could Be Detected In Saliva, Mouse Study Shows. Pancreatic cancer is notoriously deadly, in large part because it's so rarely detected at early stages before it has spread
Miley Cyrus Talks Sex After 40. Sexual wellness is not defined by how few wrinkles you have or how good you look in lingerie. A healthy sex life is characterized by confidence, security, emotional stability, the dynamics of a relationship and each individual's level of self-discovery.
3 Reasons Why You Aren't Happy. The answers we seek for the deep, perplexing, human questions we want answers for are inside of us. Waiting for the lesson to occur -- if we are but present enough to receive it -- and awaken the true meaning of our own lives inside each of us.
Dropping Out of the Cult of Busy. I made a sign for the craft studio that says \I can do ANYTHING, but I can not do EVERYTHING.  Especially at once.\ So I'm going to take my own advice.
Travis Stork's Best Tips For Preventing Colds And Flu (VIDEO). The reason? Luckily, a sufficient scrub can go a long way in cold and flu prevention, he said. Just make sure you're washing
Understanding How the World Lives One Answer at a Time. From that single exchange I learned how useless it is to judge others based on
Open Heart. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has finally put a hard number on the number of persons who die each year as a result of  infection from bacteria resistant to antibiotics
Why Do We Kiss?. The research, conducted by scientists from Oxford University, also explores the link between kissing and relationship quality
The Worst Holiday Health Mistakes Happen in October?. While there's SO much advice about how to manage the holidays healthier, and even more advice about how to erase the holiday damage in the New Year with a New You, the missing piece is the advice that emphasizes TODAY as the time to focus on your holiday health.
118,801 Reasons Dieting Is Fattening. True or false
Can I Give You Some Feedback?. One of the greatest benefits of exchanging feedback is that it promotes intimacy, trust, respect and appreciation in relationships.
People, Not Things, Bring Happiness, Study Shows. Researchers noted in the study, published in the journal Cyberpsychology, Behavior, and Social Networking, that the findings
These 6 Sports Teams Have A Secret Weapon -- And It's Not What You Think. Hopefully, more and more professional -- and amateur! -- athletes will soon reap the benefits of some additional sleep. But
Does It Matter Which Fruit You Eat?. Diet as a whole affects health -- profoundly -- but eating the latest fad miracle fruit, sensationalized by the media, is not likely to make much of a difference. Sorry, but shortcuts are improbable.
6 Steps to Healthy Cholesterol. The truth is, your body needs cholesterol in order to function properly. So, it's not about having lower cholesterol; it's about having the right type of cholesterol.
A Nutritionist's Guide to a Healthier Halloween. Many adults are looking for healthier options to give to treat-seekers at their doorstep. Here are some of my go-tos for All Hallow's Eve.
What to Do When Things Aren't Working. If it's not working, it's time to try something different. What that means is, stop trying to make this thing work for you. If you've given it adequate time to \kick in\ or for you to see results, and nothing's happening, then stop trying to force it.
High-Intensity Tabata Training Deemed An Effective Workout, Study Says. The current study set out to find if Tabata was worth all this hype. A team of researchers from the University of Wisconsin
We've Gotten The Pursuit Of Happiness All Wrong, Until Now. Aside from basic survival, the pursuit of happiness is arguably one of the most fundamental concerns of every human being
Don't Be Ambivalent About Ambivalence. Regardless of which area of your life where you find yourself most ambivalent, you won't move forward until you allow yourself to take charge and make the best decision you can with the information you have available to you.
You Can Fix the Health Care Reform Hullabaloo. Health isn't built in hospitals; disease is treated there. Health is built every day, over the course of a lifetime, in the places we work, and learn, and play, and pray, and love, and live. Or it isn't. And if it isn't, the \health care\ system can't fix it.
Discovery. I would suggest discovery has seven key elements we need to acknowledge and celebrate as we look for the next innovations that will allow us to live well and enjoy life.
VIDEO. The Food and Drug Administration recently told the New York Times that on a normal day, the percentage of imported food that
Ofatumumab, Multiple Sclerosis Drug Candidate, Shows Promise In Phase 2 Study. \We are encouraged by the results from this study,\ Genmab's chief executive Jan van de Winkel said in the statement. There
The Peaks and the Valleys. When shaping that wild and precious life, it's good to remember that there's so much to see out here in the light -- nature, beauty, the blue sky, the trees, music, art, sex, laughing, good food.
Putting Away the Phone and Being Present. Once I drop my 4-year-old daughter off at preschool and return home, I've started to put my phone back in the master bedroom from 9 a.m. to 12 p.m. This enables me to fully be present with my toddler.
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- of course. GPS
How Hotels Are Engineering A Better Night's Sleep. Last December, Brock Cline and his wife, Bre Garvin, set out from their home in Atlanta on a cross-country road trip. Along
School Cafeterias With Debit Systems Could Spur Kids To Consume More Calories. Many school cafeterias have turned to debit card systems, where parents can put money into an account linked with a card
How One Woman Found Strength In Serious Illness (VIDEO). A new diagnosis can be overwhelming and traumatic, but some people find that they can use their health crisis as an opportunity
Stroke Linked With Fewer Quality Years Of Life. About 795,000 people in the U.S. experience a stroke each year according to a 2013 report from the American Heart Association
The 4 Keys to Learning From Failure. To be able to learn from our failures, we need a way to decode the \teachable moments\ hidden within them. We need a method for deducing what exactly those lessons are and how they can improve our chances of future success.
Navigating a World of Groundbreaking Studies. As camps of scientists, all with fancy degrees, bicker over whether meat, dairy or carbs are bad for you as they jockey to release the latest groundbreaking research, the public is apt to zone out. Studies say chocolate is good for me? Now it's bad for me? Whatever.
League Of Denial. How this plays out is going to be really interesting if it turns out that, as [researcher] Ann McKee says, that the number
The Most Awe-Inspiring Yogis On Instagram. Since launching video, we've seen physical fitness come to life on Instagram. The balance and strength of yoga have made
Amoeba Infection Threatens Woman's Sight After She Used Tap Water To Store Contact Lenses. Stork noted that steroids can actually be detrimental in cases like this, because they make it harder for the body to fight
Man Develops Rare Case of Melanoma in the Gums. Another challenge in treating some cases is that the melanoma might be hidden from sight. When that happens in the sinuses
Rethink Pink. Too often, I encounter a newly-diagnosed, frightened woman who doesn't know that the choice for treatment is hers to make. Her surgeon, medical oncologist, and the radiation oncologist are all there to help guide her, but ultimately the decision should be -- must be -- hers.
Smartphone Addiction Has Turned Mobile Devices Into 'Our Other Limb' (VIDEO). \We have all gotten so used to having these appendages, these devices that are almost like our other limb, that when they're
I Lost Weight. That was late in 2006. I stopped eating fast food in 2007. I started exercising regularly in 2010 and took up running in
To Medicate or Not Medicate. If you decide to take a break from medication while you're pregnant or discontinue taking it indefinitely, make sure you do so under the supervision of your doctor. Learn about discontinuing your medication, including what you should know about withdrawal effects and potential relapse.
We Need to Eliminate the Phrase 'I Can't Sleep'. With everything going on in the world, why would anyone waste their time championing such a trivial cause?  The reason is that this small statement is the lie that insomnia patients everywhere are rehearsing in their minds every night before they \try\ to sleep.
12 Surprising Facts About Pet Rats. Contrary to what many people believe, pet rats are not the dirty, disease-infested creatures of folklore. Domestic rats are affectionate, clean, sensitive and easy to train.
Breakfast Champions or Chumps? How Breakfast Can Accelerate Aging. A growing body of research demonstrates that the stress of fasting triggers a cascade of adaptive responses that slows the aging process. The concept of beneficial stress is known as hormesis, an adaptive response of cells and organisms to a moderate (usually intermittent) stressor.
Snack Away A Slump. Water + apple + peanut butter \Hydration is important -- if you get even a little dehydrated, you'll feel the slump. The
5 Ways to Connect With a Dying Loved One. The simplest -- and, at the same time, the most difficult -- way to connect at the bedside of a dying loved one is to just be. Let your thoughts land softly, or alternatively, take flight.
Shifting Into Wellness. By guest blogger Karen Stewart Brown, cofounder and designer of Stewart+Brown The stars aligned when our dear friend Kirby
You Need Caring Too!. Whether you're a man or a woman, the very best gift you can give your children and anyone you love and who loves you is to take very good care of yourself.
One Breath at a Time. The breath is always available as an object of attention, whether formally in meditation or informally as a way to recenter yourself. Track the breath in yourself, and know yourself more deeply. Track the breath in others, and know them more deeply.
If I Hadn't Been Treated for Depression, I Wouldn't Have the Life I Have. I've learned that tomorrow does come, and tomorrow usually brings hope. If things don't get better tomorrow, they get better the next day. Things almost always get better. It took me a long time to learn this.
Novo Nordisk And Oramed Pharmaceuticals Race To Create An Insulin Pill. Oramed has introduced a protease inhibitor and another tweak designed to protect and enhance absorption of its oral insulin
The Science Behind Bad Decisions. While it's impossible to maximize your willpower for every moment of every day, it is possible to make a few changes to your day and your routine so that you can get the most of your decisions and make consistent progress on the things that are important to you.
Team Shan. While awareness campaigns have highlighted the prevalence of breast cancer, the fact that breast cancer affects young women is often not as widely discussed, perpetuating the need to educate young women about their risk of breast cancer. Team Shan is an organization that is doing just that.
Triathletes May Better Tolerate Pain, Study Suggests. It's no secret that triathletes are some of the toughest people out there. But what makes them able to endure long swims
Is Aircraft Noise Bad For Your Health?. Just like in the first study, researchers found an association between higher levels of noise and increased risk of hospitalization
6 Things That Make Water Unhealthy. Drinking From The Shower Head Speaking of warm and wet, it's time to clean your shower head. Yep, the spout is prime breeding
When Should You Give Someone 'The Benefit of the Doubt'?. Trust the early signs of someone being resistant and fearful of intimacy -- of using lateness, a judgmental attitude and emotional distance to push you away.
Brain Training Exercises Won't Boost Intelligence, But Could Improve Memory. Before and after training, all the participants underwent tests to gauge their working memory capacity and fluid intelligence
How You Can Launch Your Own Personal Success (VIDEO). \Everything I write about in the book is really a slow process that I went through to try to re-integrate myself, find a
The One Thing Everyone Wants More Than Anything. What is happiness? And where is it found? And further still, if we found it, how would we know that what we found is actually it?
Pastor Talitha Cumi. I see her walking toward me, fully clad in a brilliant red dress and feathered headpiece, a stunning impossible vision that for an instant I think is a heat mirage.
You Get to Choose. Waiting in line can be a tedious experience. It can also be an opportunity to be mindful, an excuse to dream, or a chance to meet new and interesting people.
How to Alleviate Stress During the Government Shutdown. Even though many Americans disengaged psychologically from our state and federal governments' activities a long time ago
The Flow of Energy. It's hard to deny that there's something out there that powers our existence and allows us to effortlessly find new perspectives on circumstances that once seemed troubling. Why not take advantage of it to the fullest?
You Talk to Your Kids About Safe Sex... What About Safe Relationships?. Early adolescence is the critical juncture to talk to our children about what constitutes a healthy relationship. If you are worried about your teen talk, with their health care professional who can then put you in touch with local agencies that deal with partner and family violence.
What's Your Breaking Point?. You sent yourself this moment as a gift. You can choose to live reactively like a victim, or you can use the present, especially when it's painful, as an opportunity to create.
These 9 Serene Spas Will Help You Recharge (PHOTOS). The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Woman Puts Congressman On Blast After Government Shutdown Hurts Chance For Cancer Treatment. Klein did not literally have her cancer trial closed. She was not scheduled for treatment, but told West Michigan news station
What's Love Got To Do With The Brain?. HF
7 Ways to Step Back From the Brink of Divorce. I'm going to make mistakes and I do my best to learn from them. I have forgiven myself because I believe that marriage is mostly about growth and growth requires change and change often comes with pain.
10 Tips to Being Deliciously Happy. Life is meant to be experienced joyfully. The past will fill your future with dustballs of discontent if you let it, so gain clarity, clean up and get moving!
Don't Drive Yourself Crazy! Here are 5 Ways to Drive Yourself Happy -- Every Day. If you're stuck in traffic, getting stressed out about it will not change your circumstances. Life's a journey, not a destination, so do what you can to enjoy the ride.
Meditation Retreat Confessions. So here I am. Six years later and getting ready for five days in silence. I'm finally going to join that elusive club of individuals who have taken the time and made space in their lives for deeper practice.
Is There A 'Best' Body Type For Yoga?. From Mother Nature Network's Lauren Walker
Is Acupuncture a Deception?. For centuries, acupuncture and Chinese medicine have been the sole medical system in many Asian countries. Unfortunately, our modern Western medical and scientific communities are just beginning to catch up.
Facing Cancer With FAITH. For reasons unbeknownst to me God decided to not only bestow upon me the powerful & positive idea to help others face \Cancer with JOY,\ but I was also given the thought that helping others face \Cancer with Faith,\ literally and figuratively was very unique and something I should pursue.
I Had 'Asthma' for 12 Years -- Until I Found Out It Was Cancer. The tumor was slow-growing and had been the source of my \asthma\ over the past 12 years.
5 Strength Training Truths Every Woman Should Know. Women
The Top 10 Most Shocking Reasons to Avoid Sugar. About one in three American kids are overweight or obese. [B] D. Cawley J, Meyerhoefer C. The medical care costs of obesity
It's Simple, Easy And Free -- And It Will Improve Your Health. The human body is made to move, but in today's world, we don't do nearly enough of it
10 Things You Need to Know About the Asian Diet. The main focus of the Asian diet is to create wellness. Consider also when you eat and how you eat as you read these Asian diet habits.
Organic Life Post-Treatment. I've learned many things post-cancer. Some things I've been doing right, but there are some of the things I've been doing have been wrong this whole time.
Cancer's Bright and Blissful Side. There are two sides to nearly everything. When it comes to cancer, it's the dark side of things that often holds the focus and my experience with cancer was no exception.
Cancer Sucks. Buy a Helmet.. About three weeks ago, I had the unique honor to help an amazing group of adults and kids alike in their quest to put a smile on the face of a young girl they loved dearly.
How Cancer Affects Your Family Emotionally. A cancer diagnosis changes your life and the lives of the people who love you. The emotional impact can be felt for years to come (I'm four years into remission and we all still have issues that creep up).
How Much Muscle Have You Lost Over the Past 10 Years?. The idea of even starting to exercise after entering middle age and beyond may be as attractive as swimming with sharks. Yet current research is indicating that as muscle mass decreases, so also does muscle strength.
Restaurant Meals Not Getting Healthier. According to a study published in the October issue of the Journal of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics, the average calorie and sodium levels of meals served at restaurant chains have not changed much in recent years.
5 Easy Ways of Undoing Distraction. Distraction dilutes brain power, frazzles the nerves and results in non-optimum outcomes. The cure is to do one thing at a time. That's it in a nutshell. Do just what you're doing, and don't do anything else.
5 Secrets to Looking Confident While Speaking in Public. Rethinking the way we perceive stress may actually improve our physical and mental performance. It may be easier to give in to our fears, but you will accomplish much more in life and feel a greater sense of pride for facing them.
Reduced to Joy. I'm coming to understand joy as the all-encompassing moment of full being that can hold all the other more fleeting feelings, like happiness, fear, confusion, worry and anger. Though that sea of full being is always there, always carrying us, we come in and out of our awareness of it.
365 Invocations to Create an Extraordinary Life, Week 7. Close your eyes and take several deep breaths.  As you breathe into your body, notice there is the you who is breathing and also there is someone else quietly noticing you breathing. This part of you is watching over you, always has been and always will.
How to Reach Out to a Cancer Patient. Though it can be frustrating to repeat yourself to friends and family, the most extreme negative reactions are generally saved for the people who have suddenly come out of the woodwork.
Breast Cancer Vaccine Being Developed At Cleveland Clinic Spin-Off Shield Biotech. The Cleveland Clinic announced last month that it was creating a spin-off company called Shield Biotech to develop and test
Celebrate Fall Foliage (PHOTOS). The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- of course. GPS
Weekly Rune. So while we are likely putting into place exactly what we meant to this week, we may not\u00a0still want it. There is a trickster
Tears for My Mom. It would have been easy for me as the officiating rabbi to try hide my emotions. However, when I revealed a layer of my soul I offered comfort and ignited the souls of everyone in the room.
Dealing With Diet Sabotagers. You are not following a plan to be a perfect size four or get into your skinny jeans.  You are embarking on a program of self-love.  This means you want to only bring into your body and your life foods, people and activities that fuel you to be at your best.  This is how you do it.
Restless Legs Syndrome Treatment. The authors of the review wrote that more research and trials should be conducted to learn about the best way to manage restless
How We're All Going To Die In 2050 - Weather.com. Alien invasions, zombie apocalypses and shark-filled tornados appear to be science fiction's answers to one horrifying question
Introducing The Treadmill Body. More from Q by Equinox
Meditation Can Be a Near-Death Experience (With Less Drama). All of life is interwoven and interconnected. There is no separation, no judgment, nor possible failing. In meditation we enjoy a natural innocence, trust, and completeness.
How to Use Writing as a Meditation Practice. Those who have a regular meditation practice can simply add the writing immediately following it, and those who find it difficult to do traditional meditation will find this practice fruitful as the writing gives your busy mind something to do.
'Masters of Sex'. Here\u2019s the latest on sex research from Dr. Eden Fromberg of SoHo OBGYN and Naomi Wolf\u2019s most recent book,\u00a0Vagina
Happy Cancerversary To Me!. Mazel tov! Today I am officially six years cancer-free. I am celebrating quietly with relief, if not champagne, and thanking the health gods that all is good.
Waiting Builds Patience -- And Leads To Smarter Decision-Making. In a world of instant gratification, it can seem like the concept of \waiting\ is on the verge of extinction. But learning
Your Body Is Talking. Are You Listening?. As the world becomes more and more connected, isn't it astonishing that many of us manage to stay current with the status updates of our 500-plus Facebook friends?  Yet when was the last time you checked your body's status update? It's probably time to friend yourself.
Cancer Messed With the Wrong B*tch. How the hell is a \Save the Tatas\ mug supposed to save a life? In truth, it should say, \Save your money, go home, get naked, and check yourself not just for lumps, but for ALL the signs and symptoms that could possibly indicate breast cancer.\
Scientists Fail To Find Strong Genetic Links To Left- And Right-Handedness. Past research has hinted that genetics may play some sort of role in handedness. A study published earlier this year in the
22 Ways To Help A Friend With Breast Cancer. By Anne Krueger Bontempo told everyone when they were invited that they had to tell her that her hair looked great no matter
J.D. Salinger and His Love for Homeopathic Medicine. Maynard wrote (and Salinger's daughter Margaret confirmed, in her own book, published in 2000) that Salinger has a special love and even a \preoccupation\ with homeopathy.
Think or Act? A Deep Thinker's Dilemma. It's okay to be comfortable with the unknown or not perfect.  Too much ambiguity is a cause for thinking.  But ambiguity on small matters will hinder you.
Sleeping Too Little Or Too Much May Be Bad For Your Health. \Sleeping longer doesn't necessarily mean you're sleeping well. It is important to understand that both the quality and quantity
Running Form. Under the effects of an unbalanced body center, the combined action of these constant factors, gravity and structure, produces
The Simple Things You Should Be Doing Every Morning (But Aren't). Take a cue from Baldwin. There are several things you can do, without leaving your bed, that'll ensure a fantastic day ahead
Water and Blood Work. It's time for a quickie! No, not that kind! Just a quick little blog with some helpful info that I've learned along the way to help make getting blood work easier.
I Lost Weight. Got a success story of your own? Send it to us at success.stories@huffingtonpost.com and you could be featured on the site
The Sacred in Our Sacrifices. Even as my kids have grown older, I protect this sacred \set apart\ time, these rituals with them. It nourishes us all. And the sacrifices are worth it.
Subdural Hematoma. A subdural hematoma is a condition where leaking blood from ruptured blood vessels collects on the surface of the brain. Fernandez's
How Your Defining Moments Can Help You Reduce Stress. Maybe it was a kind word from the CEO telling you your efforts were appreciated. Or the first time you had to apologize to your child. Your defining moments don't have to be huge, they can be quiet ones that only in looking back now you realize were key.
Binge Drinking Could Make It Harder For Broken Bones To Heal. \We found that the expressions of certain genes important for maintaining bone integrity are disturbed by alcohol exposure
Confession of a Fidgety Meditator. Ask yourself where in life you get that incredible feeling of peace and well-being that comes from one pointed intention and total relaxation. Is it painting, cooking, soaking in a hot tub, riding a bike, singing?
Mycobacterium Marinum Infections From Aquariums May Be Under-Diagnosed. Signs of disease involve localized skin lesions, usually on the fingers or hands. They may be single nodule or ulcer or a
Garden-Based Learning. By simply showing the basics of food growing, students have an informed approach to eating without an official lesson in
Parkour Vaults From The Urban Jungle To Soft, Indoor Gyms. \We're not just a gym, we're an educational facility,\ said Ryan Ford, co-owner and instructor at Apex Movement, a Boulder
Nobel Prize For Medicine. The Nobel committee said their research on \vesicle traffic\ \u2014 the transport system of our cells \u2014 helped scientists understand
Restless Legs Syndrome Common Among Rheumatoid Arthritis Patients. One link between RLS and RA conditions is that patients with either of these conditions usually display low levels of iron
Expectant Mothers Should Keep Clean Mouth for Healthy Pregnancy. For expected mothers, good oral health and good physical health should be solidified as one and the same. Everything is shared between a baby and the mother, and at the end of the nine months, maintaining a clean and healthy mouth will put a smile on your newborn's face.
Why Switzerland Has Some Of The Happiest, Healthiest Citizens In The World. \Each country's story is somewhat unique and there are learnings to be had across various countries,\ says Zahidi. \For us
Love and Enlightenment. Within the silent depths of our being is an ocean of love. It is always there, we just need to tap into it. Even if we start to meditate later, as an adult, stresses that we may have accumulated during our life will begin to dissolve and our heart will open up and be more able to flow in love.
Are Pro Athletes Helping Market Junk Food To Kids?. The study, conducted by researchers at the Rudd Center for Food Policy and Obesity at Yale University, showed that food and
Easy Come, Easy Go. Logistics of an individual life, though lived as a single unit of all consciousness, can for convenience be regarded as two
8 Ways to Survive a Loved One's Suicide. Time will help you to heal, even though it seems to get worse before it gets better. Know that as each day, month or year passes, the hurt will lesson. Life will go on, and so will you.
The Gift of Our Wounds. These are the gifts of our wounds. This dream was actually my reality. I did feel this organic connection inside when we
Younger Than Cher, Older Than Obama. If my brothers are 66 and 67 and have eight grandchildren between them (so far), why do I still think I'm 35? I graduated
5 Steps to a Limitless Mind. If you follow these five steps and make them a part of your daily thoughts, all other aspects of your life will start to fall into place. Your mind will be freed up to see the endless possibilities that are available to you. Now this is called living.
8 Things That Increase Sleep Apnea Risk. But certain people are more likely to experience this interruption of breathing than others. We asked Dr. Matthew Mingrone
The Top 10 Workout Songs for October 2013. Rounding out this month's top 10 are new singles from Eminem, Ellie Goulding, and Britney Spears along with additional remixes from Rihanna and Bruno Mars.
How The Busiest People On Earth Find Time To Relax. While there's no single formula for success, one ingredient that only promotes prosperity is, well, the act of not doing
How Embracing Clean Eating Changed More Than My Family's Waistline. Take it from this Italian gal -- the same one who loves pasta, bread, polenta, carbs, chocolate, dessert and pizza -- when you embrace a healthy and clean eating lifestyle  food, diet, exercise), you and your entire family will actually feel fuller -- that is, full of life, love, health and joy.
Taking The Blame Sucks -- And Our Brains Know It. \Our result suggests that people may really experience less responsibility for negative than for positive outcomes,\ study
Tennessee Patient Treated During 2012 Meningitis Outbreak Has Relapse. \It's a very scary situation and my clients are very worried about their health,\ Chalos told Reuters. \They have struggled
Caroline Myss Talks Living Life To The Fullest In ORIGIN Magazine (PHOTO). CM
We Tried It. \The class definitely got me sweating, but I also wasn't behind. It was encouraging and challenging, which was a pleasant surprise as I'll admit to being a bit intimidated by the idea of kettlebells.\
Yoga Improves Sleep for Cancer Patients. Finding ways to help people coping with cancer to sleep better is an important goal of sleep research and clinical treatment. While short-term use of sleep medication may be useful, it's critical to identify strategies for improving sleep that don't rely on long-term use of sleep medicines.
The Incredible Powers Of Nostalgia. \When we experience nostalgia,\ Hepper explains, \we tend to feel happier, have higher self-esteem, feel closer to loved
6 Famous Faces Touched By Breast Cancer This Year. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) recommend that women ages 50 to 74 should have a mammogram every two
The Happiest Facts In The World. The remedy to your bad day is just a fun fact away. Our world is awesome man. Check this out for example
Vegetarians Slimmer Than Meat-Eaters, Study Finds. The Journal of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics study is based on data from the Adventist Health Study 2, which includes
A Powerful Meditation On Gratitude (VIDEO). Some of the happiest people know that gratitude -- just mentally acknowledging the things you feel for which you feel thankful
These 9 Cliches May Sum Up Everything You Need To Know About Life. Universally feared and loathed by any writer who's taken a Fiction 101 class, cliches are, by definition, phrases so overused
The One Place This Google Executive Won't Take Her Phone. Something about having the barre, the wooden floor, the pianist, the instructor, made me feel as though all else was outside
Oral HPV and Throat Cancer -- What You Need to Know. Remember, there's a high probability that if you have been sexually active, you have or have had HPV. Get screened, prevent transmission of the virus with barrier protection, support your immune system and consider vaccinations for your kids or if you are in the appropriate age range.
Aimee Mann And Neil LaBute Discuss What It Really Means To Be Happy (VIDEO). What qualifies feeling happy? In the video above, musician Aimee Mann and film director Neil LaBute agree -- it's all subjective
7 Things to Keep in Mind When Setting Intentions. Authenticity counts. What can you offer the world?  Who are your heroes? What's important to you?  Know yourself, be authentic -- and both your personal and professional life will fall in place.
Despite Push For Healthier Options, Restaurant Meals Stay Same In Calories And Sodium. \Across the restaurant industry, we see a pattern of one step forward, one step back,\ study researcher Helen Wu, a policy
Why You Should Get the Flu Vaccine. I'm young and healthy. So what? Influenza can strike the healthiest of people and make them very sick. In 2010, the CDC's
Short Sleepers -- Even Well Rested -- Are More Likely To Drive Drowsy. \Falling asleep at the wheel is a major cause of road accidents. It might even be more of a problem than drunk driving, since
9 Successful People Who Prove You Should Use Your Vacation Time. \One of my favorite activities in the summer is biking. Barack and I love to bike with the girls when we can, and it's a
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (Oct. 4-10). In time we will realize that we love in others exactly what we value in ourselves. Judgment or separation cannot coexist in true exaltation, which is the very best of us. And what's the best of us? It's all of us. Altruism is a distinct aspect of exaltation that we can all nourish and invite.
I Lost Weight. How I Lost It
Change the World With One Simple Act at a Time. Changing the world starts with very simple acts done on a daily basis. It starts first with changing our habits, beliefs, and roles we have within society, by becoming more mindful of the actions we are partaking in on a day-to-day basis.
Social Media Could Help Track Disease Outbreaks And Health Habits. \We're looking to use social media to better understand social behavior,\ Bauch said. \The problem with trying to understand
Why Focus Should Be the Next 'Big Thing'. Avid multitaskers might disagree -- but focus should really be the next \big thing\. Over time, you may have determined that
8 Of The World's Best Climbing Walls. Climbing draws thrill seekers and people who put a premium on personal achievement instead of competition with others. Climbers
'Zen Under Fire' Author Marianne Elliott. Check out the full conversation at HuffPost Live HERE. Human rights lawyer Marianne Elliott knows the true meaning of \Zen
The Health Care Crisis. We know two truths about this new health crisis
Legacy Letters and Charitable Giving. Often we feel overwhelmed and defeated by the size and numbers of needs and requests. Rather than throw up our hands in despair, we must do what we can and then a bit more.
Health Insurance 101. Unless you've been living under a rock, you know that this week marked the opening of state- and federal-run insurance marketplaces. While we don't know how they'll be regarded over time, initial reactions to them run the gamut from cynicism and uncertainty to measured optimism.
Walking, Other Moderate Exercise May Lower Breast Cancer Risk. And the more movement, the better -- vigorous exercise was linked with a 25 percent lower risk of breast cancer, compared
The Most Beautiful Places To Nap (PHOTOS). For more GPS Guides, click here. Feeling uninspired? Some sleep may actually do you some good. Naps have numerous benefits
7 Everyday Foods That Just Happen To Be Poisonous. We don't mean to sound alarmist, but some common ingredients have the power to kill you. But not to worry
Completely Harmless Chocolate Mousse. Here's to your health and the satisfaction of your sweet tooth -- with an all-natural treat that treats your body like royalty!
5 Reasons to Run Tomorrow Morning. I made the switch to early morning runs after a recent job change, and I discovered some surprising benefits to running before the sun comes up.
The One Big Lie We're Told About Success. When you've got organizations like Aetna, Etsy, Kickstarter, and Meetup talking about the importance of mindfulness in their
Looking At Too Many Food Pictures Could Ruin Meal Enjoyment, Study Finds. \If you want to enjoy your food consumption experience, avoid looking at too many pictures of food,\ study researcher Jeff
Corporate Stress on Young Hearts. The corporate world -- as part of orientation 101 -- needs to ensure that young employees understand that building an amazing career will only worth if they are healthy -- and with a good heart --- to enjoy it!
21 Golden Wisdoms From My Grandmother. I've committed my grandmother's invaluable wisdoms to memory and recall them whenever faced with uneasy decisions. It's amazing how a few simple words which we believe with conviction can enrich us with an incredible power to act and an unimaginable strength to recover.
Toward Prevention of Parkinson's Disease. Medical research is now removing the veil and uncovering important new clues underlying Parkinson's disease. And it appears, that to at least some degree, this insidious process may be of our own making.
Expect the Unexpected -- The New Psychology of Success. Set a goal, make a plan, and achieve success? Not so fast. In today's post-recession economy, your five-year plan to achieve your life goal is all but null and void. Today, the road to success is full of twists, turns and unexpected detours.
Are Your Pumpkin Treats Tricking You?. Unreal Eats is Healthy Living's original video series, where we go behind calorie counts and health claims to examine what's
Untangle Your Financial Woes. In this video, Kate Northrup shares how you can untangle your financial woes and create the life you really want.
Let's Retire These Damaging Mainstream Nutrition Beliefs, Please. Our public health situation is so fragile that bland toothless nutrition messaging will not do the trick. The American public deserves helpful and accurate information that can help guide them to health.
Transforming the Lives of Children and Adults With Cerebral Palsy. Treatments include stretching the muscles when they are spastic and short, stimulating them when they are not working powerfully enough, or implementing other direct mechanical interventions. This approach has often yielded limited and limiting results for the person with cerebral palsy.
Treadmill Desking. Treadmill desks are becoming a valuable commodity in corporate wellness programs, which generally tend to benefit healthy individuals even more than those in greatest need, such as the overweight or obese.
The Power of a Trained Mind by Kino MacGregor. Yoga teaches you how to walk this thin red line between belief and impossibility, goals and attachment and temporality and eternity with grace and ease. Thus, by doing yoga you also learn how to master the game of life.
Amish at the Cutting Edge of Genetic Technology. Two groups of people that shy away from many technologies -- Amish and Mennonites -- are actually on the cutting edge when it comes to genetics.
Stop Capturing the Moment and Just Enjoy It. We all need to stop focusing so much on capturing the moment and just enjoy it instead. Be present. Live in it.
The One Thing Not to Say to Someone With OCD. Unless you are educated on OCD, have seen a therapist, or have some sort of confirmation other than your own unfortunate desire to connect with me about this -- I'm going to be honest and let you know I really, really don't want to hear your superficial self-diagnosis.
An Enlightening Evening With Eckhart Tolle and Deepak Chopra. If we can bring our awareness to the present moment, we will awaken to the truth of who we are
How Positive Thinking Can Improve Your Health. It\u2019s not like you can go to your doctor and get a prescription for positivity. (What would it say, \Tell two jokes every
How I Broke My Own Heart. Where are you seeking something from an outside source, when you aren't first giving it to yourself? Where are you depending on others for your joy and fulfillment? How can you better prioritize yourself and your relationship with yourself?
Help Is Near. In the beginning of my career I felt that I couldn't afford help. It felt logical to do everything myself -- also the things
Final Days With Your Pet. Music can help focus your attention, even in painful circumstances. It can, in situations like Lora's, help make positive memories of the time you have left with a loved one and help soothe the situation, for both present and future, with dignity, peace, and warmth.
Hormone Replacement at Menopause. My colleagues and I published our paper because we believe a small percentage, but still a very large number, of women are being harmed -- even killed -- due to an inappropriate aversion to the very concept of hormone replacement.
Unblocking Energy Through Change. I now have a whole new perspective on my life, my work, and how I present that work to the world.   It has also inspired me to do a spring-cleaning. The more clutter we remove, the more health and prosperity we let in and this whole experience is one I'm grateful for.
25 Ways To Cut 250 Calories. More From Shape.com
Texting Linked With Sleep Problems For College Students. A small new study from Washington and Lee University researchers shows an association between more texting among college
How Daydreaming Can Actually Make You Smarter. Research has even shown that on standardized tests, when students are allowed to mind-wander and make personal connections
Kermit The Frog's Best Advice For A Happy Life. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Knock On Wood? Certain Superstitious Actions Make Us Feel Better, Study Shows. Specifically, they found that superstitions that involve action away from the body -- such as knocking down and away from
War of Words. Hippies were some of the first to want to keep their sons \natural\ by not circumcising them at birth. In the last couple of decades, this idea of challenging accepted wisdom has gained considerable traction.
After the Journey. Originally published at Intentional Insights. The very first introductions we make, actively engaging the unseen, blow our
The Joy and Grace of Loving. Love is not something that is generated from within us. Love is what enters our mind and heart and soul when we open to it. Love is what we live in -- it's the intelligence of the universe and the life force that keeps us alive.
'Secret' Rhabdo. Rhabdo is anything but a secret, at least in the CrossFit community. I believe CrossFit has done more to educate the general public and its trainers about rhabdo than any other organization, including many related to communities that also carry an association with rhabdo.
How Do You Help a Friend Who's Hurting?. So here's what I learned from Tiffany about helping a friend who's hurting. Don't be afraid of breaking her. Ask what would help. And go ahead and ask for something right back. Nothing heals like knowing you're needed.
Balls to the Wall Workout. This fun program is easy to implement, requires minimal equipment, is time saving, and allows you to bond with someone special whether it's your friend, child or spouse.
Do You Have a Sexual Obsession?. Everyone seems to have some sort of obsession in life, from a need for dark chocolate, to a need for something much darker.
Lean Into Good on First Waking. There is a traditional saying that the mind takes its shape from whatever it rests upon. For better or worse. Instead of resting it upon planning, worrying, or stressing about your day, how about taking a little time to receive and embrace something more positive?
Take Sodium Reduction Advice With a Grain of Salt. For years, the public health nutrition field has warned Americans about the risks associated with a high-sodium diet. When the crux of the conversation focuses exclusively on sodium reduction, though, it overlooks a crucial part of the puzzle -- the ratio of sodium to potassium in our diets.
I Lost Weight. Fortunately for me, a mix-up in my schedule resulted in first period NJROTC -- Navy Junior Reserves Officer Training Corps
It's National Kale Day! 12 Of The Best Ways To Eat It. With Halloween right around the corner, and Christmas and Hanukkah not far behind, it can be all too easy to forget what
'Autistic and Aging Out' Film. Though formal programs for children diagnosed with autism continue through high school, at 21 these programs end, and the options for care become less clear.  This process is known in the autistic community as \aging out.\
Jon Kabat-Zinn. The founder of the Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction Program discusses the connection between mindfulness and compassion
Health Insurance Exchanges. The fate of Obamacare is likely to hinge on the success or failure of online shopping centers where people can comparison
Why This Woman Quit Her Corporate Job And Learned To Meditate (VIDEO). Catch the full conversation on HuffPost Live HERE. \I like to use [meditation] with entrepreneurs and business people and
Yoga Could Improve Insomnia In Menopausal Women. The study authors did not identify a link between the omega-3 fatty acids and improvements in menopausal symptoms; exercise
Are You Living Life as a Champion?. Few are called to pursue an extreme sport or profession where you put your life on the line on a regular basis. But all of us are called to be true to who we are.
A Dentist's View on Tackling the National Dental Health Crisis. We've made great progress, with each generation enjoying better dental health than the one before, but there's still a dangerous divide between those with good dental health and those without.
12 Tips for Surviving Personal Crisis. When a crisis looms or drops in your lap, you will be better able to tackle it if you have been taking care of yourself -- giving back to you. Never forget how much you matter. You cannot fully give to others, including your work, if you haven't taken care of yourself.
Beyond BRACA. We need more.  We need more options than losing our breasts, ovaries and other organs.  Surely the conversation on breast cancer prevention has to be more involved than this?
In Defense of Pregnant CrossFitting. This \issue\ of whether CrossFit is safe or not or if moms are harming their babies and putting them at risk has about 50 percent to do with exercise itself, but it also has to do with, in my very vocal opinion, trusting that women know what they are doing with regard to their bodies.
Recognizing the 'Silent Killer' of the Military. Combat-related traumatic stress disorder is the \silent killer\ of the military. The good news is that veterans can take control of PTSD with the right help.
Mindfulness in Everyday Life. There is an uplifted quality that naturally exists in our lives. It is an innate awareness of our unique and sacred existence, which is automatically stirred in our mindfulness of the present moment.
The Joy Manifesto. When in doubt, forget all the rules, the seven- or nine- or 50-point lists, the how-to guides and the self-help books, the therapeutic techniques, the TED talks, the recipes and formulas... and just love.
2 Ways to Save Your Life Today. As any of my emergency medicine colleagues can attest, not having health insurance can be painful, debilitating, humiliating and deadly.
Reflections From Bali. The Balinese are the happiest and kindest people I've ever met. You recognize the humanity looking in their eyes and recognize their content with life through their smiles.
At the Top of My Lungs. There are days when this beast of a disease lays me low, but those days are the exception not the rule. The best days are those when I am surrounded by friends and bolstered by their support.
10 Things You Probably Don't Want To Share. Antiperspirant There are two types of sweat, and one is smellier than the other. The odor comes from bacteria that break
When We Are Letting a Little Loose. We need to let go of the thought that we can struggle our way to ease, fun and pleasure. That will never happen. Tough grinds will just create exhaustion and more reasons to work hard while ease comes from taking things easy.
Resveratrol, Compound In Red Wine, Could Be Beneficial After All. Resveratrol, a chemical found in red wine that is often touted for its anti-aging benefits, is chemically active in cells
Are You Really Living?. Are you happy in spite of your challenges and see the positive and the potential, or do you look for the doom and gloom in each situation? We have the choice in how we feel. And how we feel affects how we experience each moment of our lives.
Controlling Husband. Q
The Secret to a Wonderful Life. It takes a tremendous amount of effort to uphold a fixed identity.  We have to keep doing things that a \person like us\ would do.  We have to keep making sure that nothing happens that threatens our identity or who we have decided \we are.\
Dare to Be 100. Forty years ago I had no real backing for my intuition that exercise is the magic bullet, the universal panacea. Now even the brain is targeted for both preventive and therapeutic approaches to cognitive decline.
How to Explain Evil to Your Children. I have always tried to tell my children about bad things...when they ask about them. For instance, they both know that I had cancer and beat it, and they know that Deb had cancer... and didn't.
Why I Don't Meditate. You deserve to feel good, to have the energy you want to enjoy life, to be healthy and happy. Start living the life you were meant to live. Learn to meditate.
Kids With Autism May Have Poorer Sleep. Parents were quizzed about their child's sleep habits when they were 6, 18, 30, 42, 69, 115 and 140 months old (or from 6
For Joel at 94. I wrote this poem a few years ago to honor a friend and mentor of mine, Dr. Joel Elkes, who will be 100 years old this November. He is one of the most wholehearted people I know.
Karma Yoga and Down Dog. In Karma yoga, we look to our thoughts, words and deeds. If they are bringing us peace and happiness, then we are on the right path.
Keep It Going. Exercise doesn't have to be hard or scary. You don't have to start exercising by running a mile. You can start by just walking a little.
Lights Go On -- Part XII -- The Golden Core. Now, standing alone in the middle of this empty floor, I noticed that all of the interesting life seemed to be going on outside of me, outside the windows. It did not begin as a feeling of loneliness, but rather a feeling of solitude.
Living in the Flow of Life. When a waking dream is sufficiently clear, and potent -- if not magical -- it's good to pay attention.  After all, it's a message to yourself and something you can share.
Celebrate National Kale Day Wednesday, Oct. 2. Kale is so nutrient-dense, delicious, and surprisingly versatile that it bumps up the nutrition in everything from smoothies and salads to pizza and popcorn. Yes, there is a miracle in kale's crunch.
Maximize Your Distraction. It would be great to go cold turkey, but the reality is most of us are going to continue grabbing for our devices. But at least we can be somewhat intentional. Think of these like a nicotine patch. You're not giving up your drug. You're weaning yourself off it with a different delivery system.
Please... Don't Get a Dog!. The average dog is in many ways like a child in the toddler stage. If you're familiar with the time, attention and energy a child between the ages of 12 and 30 months requires, that's about what you should expect to provide for your dog, for all the years of his life.
Global Multiple Sclerosis Cases Increase 10% In Last 5 Years. The debilitating neurological condition, which affects twice as many women as men, is found in every region of the world
Big Breast Cancer Breakthroughs Of 2013. Game-changing medications Kadcyla is one of the most exciting drugs in cancer care because it works like a smart bomb
What Happens During Obstructive Sleep Apnea? (VIDEO). More than 18 million people have sleep apnea, according to the National Sleep Foundation, and yet most of us still know little
7 Colors That Can Change Your Mood And Outlook. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
How Our Health Care System Is Changing. These are among the many ways that implementation of the ACA is changing the U.S. health care system. Starting Oct. 1 and running through March 31, Americans will be able to sign up for new ACA-compliant policies directly from an insurer or through a state or federal marketplace.
Getting Motivated With Tory Johnson. In her New York Times best-selling new book, The Shift, she offers her perspective and advice on a topic she never thought she would find herself talking about
Berkeley High School Pool Closed After Students Reportedly Start Losing Body Hair. One parent told Berkeleyside that her son had lost all of the hair on his arms and legs and that the his eyes were continuously
What Aren't You Saying?. Like anything, the \disease to please\ and the resulting sugarcoated life is a habit. Break this habit by simply telling the truth. First to yourself, then to others.
Mindfulness Does Not Lead to Happiness. Now that I found bliss, I see it in every moment of my life no matter what the circumstance or state of mind. I prefer to call it equanimity because that better describes it for me
9 Ways The Government Shutdown Could Affect Your Health. The government shutdown is underway, as a dispute about President Obama's Affordable Care Act led to a partisan stalemate
Your Optimism Needs A Dose Of Reality -- And Vice Versa. According to Paralympic medalist Bonnie St. John, success comes from dreaming big while staying realistic and getting up
Exercise During Leisure Time Could Lower Risk Of High Blood Pressure. The study, conducted by researchers at the Shandong University School of Public Health in China, looked at data from 13 past
High Intensity Interval Workout Routine. The beauty of HIIT is that your heart rate will stay elevated the majority of the workout even during the low intensity period. The low intensity recovery phase allows for you to not exert as much effort as your heart rate begins to drop.
Feeling Sick? It May Be Fall Allergies. Despite common thought, spring isn't the only allergy-prone season. As the weather begins to change and fall settles in, many may find themselves experiencing allergies as bad as those they experienced during the spring, and possibly worse.
Pure Word Deafness Means Woman Can Hear Sounds But Not Words. By Laura Poppick, Staff Writer Published
Are All the Good Men/Women Really Already Taken?. But whether you live in Manhattan or in North Dakota, whether you're 19 or 90, whether you're a conservative or a liberal, whether you like country music or classical, there are people with whom it is possible to create true, lasting and loving partnerships.
The Blessings of Everyday Life. As I read and write and meditate, I find that my mood shifts.  Not just in small increments, but dramatically.
I Lost Weight. The other problem that I had was that I really just liked to eat and really enjoyed food. Eating was one of my greatest pleasures
Near Dweller. \She's gone, Dani,\ he said just before bursting into loud sobs. His hand rose to cover his face. We had never shared any kind of physical contact, but I didn't hesitate to reach out and touch his shoulder; it seemed the most humane of all my available options.
How I Learned to Relax and Enjoy the Ride. My worst fear about that situation had come and gone without a hitch. I had built all of that fear and anxiety up for nothing. I had told myself that disaster was just a squeaky wheel away and completely missed the opportunity to relax and enjoy the ride as Andrew had.
The Most Interesting Workouts In The Country. Finally, a reward\u00a0-- 15 minutes of quiet time in a private O3 lounge that's swirling with warm, highly oxygenated air. Martial
You Decide if Stress Is the \Bad Guy\. For starters, new research shows it's not the stress level you experience that affects your health, but rather how you think about the stress that is ultimately beneficial or harmful.
This Is How You Know You're a Gen Y Doctor. The latest crop of hard-working professionals like bankers, lawyers and doctors, are all Gen Y now. Like it or not, we're putting our unique Gen Y stamp on our professions. (We're pretty confident we can do a better job than you, anyway.)
Can a Book End Addiction for Good?. They recommend 12-step work, but they also point out the large role that trauma often plays in addiction development, trauma which is not worked through by using the steps.
Roadmap for the Work Week. Any good roadmap has structure and suggestions, but that doesn't mean you can't choose to detour. What's important is to accept each day for what it is and to be present in it. Choose to be the best you can be in the moment.
What If We Thought of Stress as Good?. Could our fear of stress be making everything way worse? As the CEO of meQuilibrium, I know full well that no one source, problem, or issue is to blame when it comes to stress -- that our response to stress has far more to do with our ability to cope than almost anything else.
How Much Is Your Pet's Health Worth?. Our lizard has brought forth a valuable lesson and one that opens other doors of financial consideration.  Families need to have an open discussion, both with each other and with their veterinarians. There are many measures that can be taken to manage medical costs.
When Does Choosing a Treatment Matter?. In the United States, many provisions of the Affordable Care Act (also known as Obamacare) are about to take effect. Opponents
Multiple Sclerosis. Researchers used technology called ImmunoChip to identify the genetic variants. They analyzed DNA from 50,794 healthy people
Cancer Burden Will Overwhelm Governments Unless Industry Takes Lead, Oncologists Say. \It is impossible to avoid the conclusion that there is a need for a major public-private partnership, involving a number
How Do You Know If Your Therapist Is Helping You?. It's not always clear to patients what to ask a potential psychotherapist and how to know if he or she is any good.  It's also hard to know if it's working.  Most people find it easier to assess the skill of a medical practitioner.
9 'Healthy' Alternatives That Are Just As Bad As The Originals. But it got us thinking about the concept of a \healthier\ option -- is it always, in fact, better for you? In some instances
Lessons From a Kidney Stone. The medical bills are still coming in. My credit card is worn out and my savings are nearly gone. But I feel better. I gave Angie a bath last night. I washed her hair, helped her brush her teeth and tucked her into bed. And that is worth every single penny.
26 Songs To Cheer You Up This Instant. Crummy day? Tune in. Music is a powerful tool
The Most Important Decision We Can Make. The point is that no matter how many times we fall, we can choose to get back up. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
Why Men's Self-Esteem Drops When Their Romantic Partners Succeed. Taken together, these findings indirectly reveal a significant upheaval and transformation underway, regarding what men have traditionally learned to define as \manhood\ and \success\ in our culture.
Gene Variant More Common In 'Power Sport' Athletes, Study Finds. The findings, published in the Journal of Strength and Conditioning Research, are based on analysis of DNA samples from 100
7 Steps to Reverse Acid Reflux. 44 percent of Americans have heartburn at least once a month. 25 to 35 percent have reflux. It causes tremendous problems, and nobody is asking why. Is there some other factor that's driving this epidemic?
Coffee. When it comes to heart disease risk, caffeinated coffee can actually be a \poison\ for one person. And a \medicine\ for another. It all depends on one little gene.
Google's 'Jolly Good Fellow' On The Power Of Emotional Intelligence. \u201cImagine two human beings. Don\u2019t say anything, don\u2019t do anything, just wish for those two human beings to be happy. That\u2019s
My Secret to a Healthy Lifestyle. If you're stuck in the yo-yo dieting cycle, consider giving intuitive eating a try. You just might be surprised at how much of your life opens up when you start trusting your body -- and yourself.
Time Out Tip Of The Day. Need a time out? You're in luck. In honor of Bliss' Triple Oxygen Month, HuffPost's GPS for the Soul has teamed up with Bliss
Eating Peanut Butter Could Prevent Future Breast Disease. The study, published in the journal Breast Cancer Research and Treatment, included health data on 9,039 U.S. girls ages 9
Bellamy Young, 'Scandal' Star, Opens Up About How She Keeps Her Center In ORIGIN Magazine (PHOTO). MP
5 Things a Caregiver Should Know. Fortunately, with some time behind me, I've found ways to enjoy life again. There's no rushing this process, dear caregivers, but if you trust that you'll get there, you will.
Lightbulbs For Better Sleep. Not all bulbs are created equal. Two new products help you fall asleep at night and feel more alert in the morning. Read
Time Out Tip Of The Day. Need a time out? You're in luck. In honor of Bliss' Triple Oxygen Month, HuffPost's GPS for the Soul has teamed up with Bliss
Healthy Breakfast Ideas. Autumn has some true culinary stars. Apples, roasted winter vegetables and pumpkin-flavored everythings tend to steal the
Advice From a Third Grader. Be careful what you inspire in children, because the smallest of ideas can grow into big steps of action! These third graders set out to make certain they were spreading kindness ripples into the world.
6 Things That Influence Your Dreams. By Jessica Gross for YouBeauty When we\u2019re sleeping, our bodies do everything they can to stay asleep. So rather than waking
Debt, Mental Health Problems May Be Linked. \This research shows a strong relationship between debt and mental health; however it is hard to say which causes which at
Why I'm a Runner. Some things that kept me going were the pride I felt every time I achieved a new goal, the stress release I felt from running, the abs that were starting to emerge and the new calm I felt all the time, which I believe was the result of feeling amazing inside and out.
How Technology Is Killing Eye Contact. Christen's \a-ha\ moment was an alarming one, but it's more common than you might think -- and it points toward a larger
Bowel Cancer Screening Should Be Funding Priority In Europe, Scientists Say. \There is now an irrefutable case for devoting some of the resources from breast and prostate cancer screening to the early
Due North. My mother was my due north, my compass in all things, my greatest cheerleader, my partner in mischief, the champion of my dreams, knowing when to advise and when to remain silent. She gave me permission to soar and was the proverbial \wind beneath my wings.\
WHY Music. We are desperately in need of a new kind of music appreciation program -- one that offers everyone the \why\ of music, impresses upon us its deeper values, and helps people better understand how we can most effectively harness its tremendous benefits and better integrate those into our daily lives.
This Is Why People Who Live In San Francisco Are So Happy And Healthy. It's a place that celebrates community. Live music, art, theater and literary events are all over the Bay, all year round
I Lost Weight. I ate egg white omelets for breakfast with spinach, spices, garlic, avocado -- whatever I was in the mood for. Lunch was
Time Out Tip Of The Day. Need a time out? You're in luck. In honor of Bliss' Triple Oxygen Month, HuffPost's GPS for the Soul has teamed up with Bliss
What Takes You Right Back?. Don't you just love how a certain song or smell or moment triggers a floodgate of memories and takes you right back to that moment? That Sarah McLachlan song did it for me. All of the sudden, it's 1998 and I'm 17. I'm in my car with my girlfriends and we're soaking in the entire Surfacing album.
Are You Intimidated by Yoga? Get Over It and Get Into the Practice. Whether your journey is physical, philosophical or spiritual, once you're practicing regularly, you'll find like-minded folks, who share similar values and interests.  You'll find community, a sense of belonging and being together.
Do Your Opponents Honor You?. When we get to the end of our careers, or our lives for that matter, we expect to see our friends and colleagues there to honor us. But what a pleasant surprise it would be to see our rivals cheering us on as well.
When You Know Better, You Should Do Better. I believe that the majority of the time, weight stigma in a health care setting is a misguided attempt to help. But that does not excuse rudeness, shaming, guilt, scare tactics, cruelty, or poor medical care.
Glass Shape, Color Can Influence How Much Wine You Pour. According to the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism, a standard drink is considered 5 fluid ounces of table
A Widow and a Widower Walk Into a Bar. We are living the next six months more than 8,000 miles apart. If you believe that coincidences are just coincidences, you'd reason that our odds aren't favorable. But a more provocative interpretation might be that our first encounter was just the tip of our iceberg.
Dare to Be 100. Virtually no one dies of old age, per se, but they died unnecessarily of preventable illnesses.
Meditation. Sitting and waiting for glimpses of clear viewing in the midst of a busy mental stream is not the same as clear being, experiencing awareness as a great body of peaceful presence.
Yoga and the Mind. As long as you are in the mind, you are ruled by the past, because mind is just an accumulation of the past. If you are looking at life only through the mind, then you will make your future just like the past, nothing more, nothing less.
The Science Beneath the Untethered Soul. The Untethered Soul is one of those backlist anomalies like Eckhart Tolle's The Power of Now that just happen to hit a chord.
The Most Important Minutes of Your Day. Visualize completing goals you are working to accomplish just before you fall asleep. Allowing your subconscious to work for you while you sleep can give you that extra advantage you've been dreaming of for years!
The Happiest Animals On Earth (PHOTOS). The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
10 Cases Of Liver Failure Linked To Dietary Supplements In Hawaii. Representatives from the Department of Health are not releasing information as to what supplement the patients were taking
Choice Theory. The Times ran the obit of William Glasser (\William Glasser, 88, Doctor Who Said One Could Choose Happiness, Is Dead,\ NYT
When Does Grief End?. Remember that grief is a process. Although the pain of grief often comes upon us all at once in a crushing blow, the pain lessens gradually.
Potential Cancer-Fighting Drug Could Also Thwart Antibiotic-Resistant Gonorrhea. \u201cAnd it worked,\u201d he says, \u201cvery nicely.\u201d The exact mechanism of the alteration remains unclear, but Russell thinks it has
Scientists Outwit Antibiotic-Resistant Bacteria By Harnessing Evolution. It turns out that when bacteria mutate to become resistant to one antibiotic, they often become more vulnerable to a different
You Won't BELIEVE What's In These Monster-Sized Drinks. Unreal Eats is Healthy Living's original video series, where we go behind calorie counts and health claims to examine what's
You Have 60 Hours Worth Of Weekend. Here's How To Make The Most Of It.. Want to make the most of your weekend? If this is the weekend you don't want to let slip between your fingers, there are
9 Types Of People You'll Meet At The Gym. We always expect to get along swimmingly with other fitness freaks. But just like everyone who likes music doesn't groove
Grieve and Be Grateful. When the voice traipses through my brain that tries to invalidate or dismiss my loss, I shush it aside and continue to allow myself to cry as hard as I need to cry. This is my pain. This is my loss.
Immune Drugs Hold Hope Of 'Clinical Cure' For Melanoma. Alexander Eggermont of the Institut Gustave Roussy Comprehensive Cancer Center in France, who specialises in the treatment
Intravaginal Ring Being Tested To Deliver Antiretroviral Medication For HIV Prevention. \After 10 years of work, we have created an intravaginal ring that can prevent against multiple HIV exposures over an extended
12 Things Happy People Do Differently -- And Why I Started Doing Them. I found out there are a lot of people like me -- young, energetic, intense, purpose-driven, but frustrated with the status quo and a little freaked out about our prospects for the future.  I couldn't just wait for happiness and satisfaction to find me; I was going to have to make my own.
No, We Are Not Just Nurses!. Although, a recent career growth (spurted by my nursing career) has taken me to the world of public policy, nursing continues to seek me out to honor me. Once a nurse they say, you remain always a nurse.
Mayor Cory Booker. I'm more careful with food now.   I don't waste it or scrape it into the garbage.  I also feel empowered knowing that I can feed myself well for $4.40 a day.
Can You Be Yourself At Work?. This research has wide implications for all kinds of differences. Though the study's authors steered away from using terms
12 Healthy Ways to Lose Weight for Good. While there's no magic bullet for weight loss, there are steps you can take to lose weight, safely and for good, while increasing your health.
Time Out Tip Of The Day. Need a time out? You're in luck. In honor of Bliss' Triple Oxygen Month, HuffPost's GPS for the Soul has teamed up with Bliss
10 Reasons Why You Don't Manage Stress. Managing stress and taking care of our health always comes dead last. And as a result, our perception is that there is never enough time in the day to take care of our own health needs.
All You Need Is Love. Even once purpose is found, there is always a greater purpose unfolding. The picture never truly clear until our last leaf has fallen. We are born to always be growing, learning, unveiling answers. Not just for ourselves but for others.
Confessions of a Phone Addict. Before I head out the door to go anywhere I usually make sure I have the Holy Trinity in my possession
Why It's Time to DIY Health. Slow Health takes just a bit more mindfulness and thought. But a little dose of that every day can help us move the needle on our own health, and because health is social, the health of our loved ones and community.
Life's Path Is a Maze, Not a Straight Line. We can do better by engaging in the self-defining process through awareness, exploration, and choice. Sometimes defining self is an outwardly active process, building a family, pursuing a career, attempting a physical feat or giving in relationship to others.
Workout Secrets To Get Your Best Sleep Ever. No matter the frequency or type of sweat session, we feel better when we workout. And, while it's been touted that exercise
Doctors Say Changes In Wheat Do Not Explain Rise Of Celiac Disease. It's true that about 40 years ago wheat breeders introduced new varieties of wheat that helped farmers increase their grain
How to Read a Nutrition Label. It can be confusing and daunting at first, but familiarizing yourself with the nutrition content of the food you're putting into your body will help you really learn about different nutrients and encourage you to make better choices.
Want Control of Your Life?. Your inner negotiators bring their own styles and goals to the table. Your job is to negotiate with yourself -- with the competing parts inside of you -- and bring them to some resolution.
Between the City and the Sea. We are constantly reminded how everything is connected. From time to time, the oddest thing will open me to this mystical fact. When former President Ford died, I was drawn into sensing what else was happening around the world at the very same moment.
60% Of People Go To Work Sick, Study Says. Annoying and Bizarre Elevator Behaviors Most Annoying Online Faux Pas? Oversharing Is 'Presenteeism' Making Workers Sick
Diabetes And Sleep Apnea May Raise Kidney Risks. The prevalence of obstructive sleep apnea was noted in 144 of the patients, and 90 of them had diabetic nephropathy. Patients
Social Experiment Reveals The World's Most Honest Cities (VIDEO). Reader\u2019s Digest recently conducted a \Lost Wallet\ Test to find which cities around the world had the highest return rates
Working Remotely Can Open Up Your Business, But Beware Of These Challenges (VIDEO). \I've learned to close the laptop, get to a living area of the house instead of the working area, just to dissociate myself
Psychotherapy. The increased use of psychotherapy in low-income countries has been based on evidence for its effectiveness for depression, the most prevalent of the mental conditions and one that produces great emotional and economic burden.
Are You Strategically Living Your Life?. Don't give up because life is different or harder than you expected.  Just alter your expectations and plans as needed and expect that to be part of the process.   After all, it's not so much about reaching the finish line as it is a matter of developing your skills and abilities and doing your best.
Suicide Prevention Awareness Month at USC Verdugo Hills Hospital. Given that my talk was on \Men, Mental Illness and Suicide,\ it struck me as a sad yet predictable irony that only one man attended the event.
Native Hawaiians Have Lower Life Expectancy Than State Average, New Study Says. \We are returning to the things we know work well, things our ancestors knew but we have lost,\ said Dr. Joseph Keaweaimoku
Does the Fizz in Soda Add to Our Sugar Cravings?. Adding fizz to sweet water, researchers suspected, doesn't just make soda taste good, it also might play tricks on our mind.
What If Everything You Knew About Weight Loss Was Wrong? (Part 1 of 2). Over the past few decades, we've been trying harder and harder to be healthy and fit. The result
Insulin, Glucose Disruption May Play Role In Obesity-Related Cancers. Researchers found that impaired fasting glucose raised the risk of obesity-related cancer by 27 percent, after taking into
This Smartphone Game Will Force You To Unplug At The Dinner Table (VIDEO). Are you guilty of texting, tweeting or sending emails at the dinner table? Many of us are -- but with a new unplugging game
Scientifically Proven. I offered that the happiest people I know -- and I included myself in this group -- are the ones who express gratitude on
Childhood Cancer Should Be Top Priority For Children's Health Research, Poll Says. Interestingly, the research priorities differed slightly for people who had children in the household and people who didn't
What Does a Coach Have That You Don't Have?. Ultimately the most important thing coach can do is not merely point out opportunities you can't see because of your different worldview, but help you change your own worldview.
5 Super Drinks That Will Help You Be Immortal. \If you are eating primarily living foods, if you are drinking a lot of water, if you are chewing really well, if you are deep breathing, if you are happy -- if all of those were in place, I believe you could definitely look 20 years younger.\
How Do We Become Strong and Confident Within?. Inner strength and confidence are an inside job. When you get to the point where you can accept yourself, the need for challenges, adversity and complications just falls away, because you don't need to prove your worth any more to yourself.
I Crushed a Fitness Goal This Weekend -- Here's How You Can, Too. I set the goal for myself two years ago, when I competed in New York City's 5th Avenue Mile, a 20-block sprint along Central Park, and clocked a solid 6:32. Then and there, I vowed I would be back on that course, speeding my way to a sub-6:30 mile.
Welcome To Internet Rehab. Children today are using technology from the age of three, according to a recent UK survey, and the long-term implications
Tree Houses That Offer A Moment Of Peace Above It All (PHOTOS). The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Time Out Tip Of The Day. Need a time out? You're in luck. In honor of Bliss' Triple Oxygen Month, HuffPost's GPS for the Soul has teamed up with Bliss
I Lost Weight. Breaking Point
CrossFit Doesn't Have a Dirty Little Secret -- You're Just Irresponsible. CrossFit haters like to blame CrossFit as a whole -- call it a cult, label people as \weird\ or \obsessed.\ Folks will say CrossFit causes injury and is irresponsible. Newsflash
Take Two Breaths and Call Me in the Morning. Proper breathing in a slow, controlled rhythm is the fastest pain reliever you can use. Your goal is to relax -- the opposite of what the pain response is. It is normal to tense up when in pain. By activating the relaxation response you are, in fact, reducing your pain.
Need an Attitude Adjustment? Here's How to Get One. Take responsibility for your mood and choose not to stay in it. Realize that just as this energy moved into you, it must move out. Accept what it is, let it go, and allow yourself to move forward.
How Dealing With Adversity Can Make You More Successful (VIDEO). \If you\u2019re hiring somebody, I don\u2019t think you want somebody who\u2019s had a perfect life because they\u2019re not going to know how
Does Anger Help or Hurt Relationships?. Sometimes letting the steam out of the pot can be helpful in avoiding future resentment, provided both of you learn to be non-reactive, to not take it personally, and to not say hurtful things when angry or irritated.
American Dietary Report Card Shows Yogurt, Oil Consumption Way Up Since 2000. The American diet, as a whole, changes at a glacial pace. Most individuals eat more or less the same thing, week in, week
Perspective. What should have been the tragic end of two lives is instead an incredible beginning of a brand new journey.
Materialistic People Turn To Shopping To Conquer Stress. Researchers found that people who scored as materialistic had an increased likelihood of experiencing post-traumatic stress
Leeza Gibbons. Author and TV personality Leeza Gibbons recently joined Caitlyn on HuffPost Live to discuss a topic near and dear to our
Stop Looking for Signs From the Universe. When we actively seek out signs and messages from the Universe, we're letting our mind do the work. Your mind can easily argue, sway and support each option or direction without any problems.
How to Hold Others Accountable? Don't Bother. Self-care doesn't mean we do everything on our own. It just means that we're willing to do what we need to make sure we're taken care of and that includes having boundaries for how we want to be treated.
Drama as a Distraction. If we really want to stop the drama pattern and get off the triangle, we should take some time to be alone and really, deal with our feelings and the anxiety they provoke. Shining the light of awareness inside of our emotions can bring us far more peace than being engaged in drama.
Why Happiness Is Your Secret To Productivity. How are happiness and productivity related? If you want to improve productivity, look no further than your mindset. Marcus
Chefs Rock Serious Weight Loss For American Cancer Society (PHOTOS). It's hard enough for regular folk to lose weight, but can you imagine sticking to a diet amidst the temptations of a restaurant
16 Great High-Fiber Foods. 8. Brussels Sprouts Fiber
Acceptance and Commitment Therapy for Psychosis. I hope to see future versions of ACT which acknowledge this and which help people find value in, rather than just tolerate, the experiences they once felt compelled to avoid at all costs.
The Malpractice of an Unhealthy Life. Matt Wilson teaches a class. The approach at MFF is holistic. The importance of rest, hydration and nutrition are integrated
The 7 Things You Must Do Today. We thank each other all the time -- for holding doors, minor favors and common services. But when is the last time you thanked yourself?
What Chaplains Can Learn From David Hilfiker. David Hilfiker decided to come out of the closet last year -- the Alzheimer's closet, that is. Rather than keep his condition to himself out of embarrassment or fear, Hilfiker has been writing a daily journal and blogging about it in an effort to help others learn how to cope with the disease.
The True Cost of Not Vaccinating Your Children. Not vaccinating your children has real costs. From a purely economic perspective, there is a pretty solid incentive for making vaccination a worldwide requirement.
5 Things Women Should Know About Menopause and Hair Loss. Unlike male pattern hair loss, hereditary hair loss in women is usually a lot subtler and it can be easy to miss the early warning signs.
Why It Is Good to Feel Competitive. Competitive feelings are an indication of what we want, and acknowledging what we want is key to getting to know ourselves.
10 Reasons Why Runners Are Nicer People. I took notice the other day when I heard someone say that \running families are always the nicest people.\ Of course, I always thought that was true, but it was gratifying to hear my secret theory being confirmed aloud in public by a complete stranger.
The Young Adult Cancer Social Network. Young people are social beings, but for the more than half a million young adult cancer survivors in America, finding support and guidance through existing social networks can be a tall task.
15 Things You Never Knew About Your Nails. The hardness of your nails is mostly genetic. Not much can be done about nail shape or how quickly they grow in, Krant explains
People With More Cavities Less Likely To Be Diagnosed With Head And Neck Cancer, Study Suggests. Tooth decay can have serious negative effects in both children and adults alike. According to the Centers for Disease Control
Tylenol Overdose Risk Is Staggering; Acetaminophen Safeguards Remain Insufficient. Millions of people take Tylenol weekly without incident, and experts say that the health benefits of the drug, when taken
A Guide To Daydreaming. Felt visions become the initial substance that causes changes in your life -- not figuratively, but actually. A daydream
The Mysterious Power of Giving. It's a startling revelation to realize that what I once thought money could bring me by having it, later came to me more by giving it away.
Not Resisting Resistance. So when you find something seeming to disturb your inner quiet -- whether it be a friend's behavior, some politician on TV or a passing fire engine -- pause and notice what is happening inside.
The Transforming Power of Mindful Prayer. When the pain is deep, the more fully we touch it, the more fully we release ourselves prayerfully into boundless, compassionate presence.
It's Getting Hot in Here! The Great Debate About Working Out While Pregnant. While my levels of intensity and exercise naturally decreased as these pregnancies progressed, the workouts have yet to stop. Yes, even CrossFit.
How To Stop Agonizing Over The Little Things (Because They're Inevitable). Visualize something that doesn't make you anxious. \Visualization gives you control and can help decrease your pain.\ Visualize
Get Good at Change. When you get \good' at change, life becomes a miraculous adventure. When change comes knocking at your door -- and it will -- open up and say, \Welcome.\
Time Out Tip Of The Day. Need a time out? You're in luck. In honor of Bliss' Triple Oxygen Month, HuffPost's GPS for the Soul has teamed up with Bliss
Even Low Arsenic Exposure Linked With Heart Disease Risk. By Rachael Rettner, Senior Writer Published
Active Surveillance. Pinsky, who is now 55, initially went to the doctor for a check-up in 2011. There, he took a prostate specific antigen (PSA
Paul Karason Dead. Paul Karason, who shot to fame for the shocking color of his skin, has died. Karason, 62, died Monday at a Washington hospital
Amevive, Psoriasis Drug, Shows Promise For Treating Type 1 Diabetes. By Amir Khan Hehenberger said it would be more promising if the study showed consistent, reduced A1C levels, a biomarker
Brain Implant Similar To Pacemaker Could Help Treat Central Sleep Apnea. The participants also reported feeling less sleepy and being more alert, Abraham noted. \The patient is aroused while this
Don't Be So Quick To Shun The French Fry. Whatever diet you follow -- Atkins or Ornish, Dukan or DASH -- here's one piece of advice they'll likely have in common:\u00a0skip
Acupuncture, Counseling Could Help People With Depression. This isn't the first time acupuncture has shown some effects in treating depression. Boston Magazine reported on a Harvard
The Slowest Generation. Saying I finished in the top 15 percent of my age group in last month's Chicago Triathlon is like bragging that I could outrun
Why Heart Disease Strikes Women Later Than Men. \The two lifestyle things that are closely associated with insulin resistance are gaining weight, and being sedentary,\ Kim
Psychopaths' Lack Of Empathy Has Neurological Basis, Study Shows. Psychopaths are usually described as lacking empathy, and a new study reveals the neurological basis for this dearth of feeling
Death by Prescription. Has our stressed-out, multi-tasking, anxiety-causing way of life turned us into a nation of addicts? Are we seeking out doctors who don't mind giving us multiple prescriptions for every little ache and pain and angst?
Blocking Blue Light Helps Sleep. I expect we will see a great deal more investigation into the effects of blue wavelength light on sleep and health. But you don't need special goggles or eye lens implants to protect your circadian rhythms and your sleep from the negative effects of artificial light.
Eat Healthier Now. There are plenty of ways you may be looking to improve your health, and for every goal, there are countless diet changes
Autism. It does appear that there is growing evidence linking autism, an abnormally functioning immune system, and a variety of medical conditions. The exact associations, so far, elude our understanding.
Incredible Mountain Tops From Around The World (PHOTOS). The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
The B.A.A.A.D. Scale. Later that day, I spoke to a physician at a local rehab and said, \I've had my ADHD diagnosis since the Berlin Wall fell. I'm in my 30s. I have a professional job. I cannot afford to suffer the effects of being addicted to amphetamines anymore. Therefore, I think I might need help.\
Power to the Patient. Checking blood pressure or glucose levels in the morning and transmitting that data directly to a doctor or nurse should be just as easy as checking a \status update\ on a social media network.
Being Married Could Improve Cancer Survival. \There's a connection [between marriage and cancer survival], but the connection is not necessarily marriage itself, it's
Your Brain Knows The Difference Between Sugar And Artificial Sweeteners, Study Suggests. \If you're consuming beverages without calories and [you're] not getting fullness from sugar-sweetened beverages, you could
Fears Can Be Reduced During Sleep, New Research Shows. The idea for the study builds off the knowledge that sleep is vital to the strengthening of new memories and that memory
Sleep Apnea In Teens Linked With Higher Risk Markers For Diabetes, Heart Disease. Indiana University-Purdue University, the National Institutes of Health, and the Regenstrief Institute provided funding. The
Obstructive Sleep Apnea Treatment Recommendations Released. Surgery, on the other hand, should not be considered as an initial treatment, as evidence is limited on its effects, the
Time Out Tip Of The Day. Need a time out? You're in luck. In honor of Bliss' Triple Oxygen Month, HuffPost's GPS for the Soul has teamed up with Bliss
Shades of Truth. When it comes to the truth, it's important to think about whether you want people to trust you. This world may not be perfect, nor the truth always easy to take, but you can find peace and freedom in the security of knowing that the world you've created around you is as real as it gets.
Food Dyes. Petroleum-derived colors are cheaper. Plain and simple. But they're not safe and they're completely unnecessary given modern sourcing and manufacturing. It's time to end this chapter of chemical history and say \the end\ to these questionable hues.
100 Wonderful Ways To Live To 100. 96. Putter. Your ability to move and get around is a good indicator of healthy aging, according to a review of studies in
Peace and Female Empowerment. We are living in times where women have more opportunities to bring about change and utilizing this knowledge can help create more peace for ourselves, our families and our communities. Now ladies, I must ask, are you feeling empowered yet?
People and Their Behaviors. When all else fails, just laugh. Laughter sends a message that no words can ever quite match. And as long as it isn't done as a put-down, sharing a laugh is always a positive, feel-good way to communicate without words!
What I Learned About Dating From Mom and Dad. People should forget the fact that their friends are either married or engaged. They aren't part of their relationship. Nor is there a life script that says you need to adhere to societal norms or rush to get married just because others have done so.
A Little Change. Who in your life needs a little help?  I challenge you to do one random act of courage and kindness today to help someone and see how it affects both their life and yours.
When You Don't Know What to Say. We put the guilt aside for wanting them to be the people they were before they got sick, before they got old, before they became so... mortal. Because at their core, they are the same people.
Are You Living Your Eulogy or Your R\u00e9sum\u00e9?. The eulogy is the foundational document of our legacy, of how people remember us, of how we live on in the minds and hearts of others. So the question is
5 Myths About Creativity We Should All Stop Believing. In his book, Goldstein reveals 16 different paths in which people can unearth their creativity, all of which depend on their
2-Ingredient Snacks Under 200 Calories. By Joy Manning for Shape.com Combine the foods you love into these 20 fresh bites. More from Shape.com
365 Invocations to Create an Extraordinary Life, Week 5. Whenever we separate out from anything, it is because of some kind of fear. Name your fears, cast them out, and go deeper. You can do it! Be be devoted to the cause!
The Science Of Revulsion. \Disgust is fascinating because it's a model emotion,\ she said. \It tells us a lot about how all the emotions work.\ While
Global Rate Of HIV Infection, AIDS-Related Deaths Dramatically Reduced. By the end of 2012, some 9.7 million people in poorer and middle-income countries had access to such AIDS drugs, an increase
Americans' Favorite Kind Of Exercise. \Ask people 'How much do you weigh? How tall are you? And I'm pretty sure most people will tell you they're taller,\ he said
Don't Sweat the Small Stuff? No Sweat. Watching my friend in action, I was so impressed by how easily he deflected the slings and arrows of small stuff. By putting things into their proper perspective, my friend bypasses squandering even an ounce of sweat on drivel.
Marianne Williamson Talks Transcendental Meditation, Enlightenment And Shoulder Pads In ORIGIN Magazine (PHOTOS). The metaphysical notion here is that that self-organizing and self-correcting imprint is on all aspects of reality. So not
Time Out Tip Of The Day. Need a time out? You're in luck. In honor of Bliss' Triple Oxygen Month, HuffPost's GPS for the Soul has teamed up with Bliss
Controversy and Conversation. Take a look at the comments section on your favorite news website. Some topics generate a lot of discussion among participants
'Distracted Walking' Is No Walk in the Park. Health care providers are seeing an increase in \walking while texting\ accidents, with terrible injuries undermining the \viral\ explosion of tragi-comic trips, pratfalls, and collisions.
The Art of Public Speaking. One learns to become a keen critical thinker and formulating ideas in a new way, mentally moves one away from a limited problem
Superfoods Of The World. Trying different foods from around the world is a great way to find new and exciting flavors that you can incorporate into
Why Do Young Adults Start Smoking? Researchers Identify 3 Risk Factors. Considering all we know about cigarettes and their scary health effects, why would anyone start smoking them? While it's
Fall Is Here! 12 Reasons To Celebrate. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Yoga Poses You Can Do Without Leaving Your Bed. Legs-Up-The-Wall Pose This is an especially soothing meditative posture, one that Bieklus calls a \time out for adults.\ \Doing
What's Most Important in Your Life?. I see love not as a feeling, but as an ability -- the ability to respond to people, and all of life, with kindness, compassion, and equanimity.
My Time With Lyme... So Far. What I do know with certainty is how little is known about Lyme.  Tests are inadequate.  Treatments are not well-defined.  I've had four Lyme tests (so far).  Two have come back positive and two have come back negative.
Beating ADHD, Naturally -- Focus on Alternatives. Although many patients will still need ADD/ADHD medications, trying natural alternatives can keep us all less medication dependent and living healthier.
Youthful ED. Young men who are heavy Internet porn users and have ED should, of course, see a doctor to rule out organic causes. If everything checks out, they may want to consider whether chronic or early porn use is the culprit.
Time Out Tip Of The Day. Need a time out? You're in luck. In honor of Bliss' Triple Oxygen Month, HuffPost's GPS for the Soul has teamed up with Bliss
7 Steps to a Healthy Body and Mind. Obsessing over your daily intake of food and pushing yourself too hard won't get you anywhere. The key is to eat and exercise with moderation having set some realistic targets. It's all about finding the balance that's right for you.
Long Work Hours By Doctors Linked With Work-Home Conflict. The Mayo Clinic researchers found that 44.3 percent of doctors and 55.7 of employed partners reported work-home conflicts
Buying in Bulk? Easy Tips That Equate to Better Portion Control. Just because you buy in bulk doesn't mean you have to eat in bulk.  In fact, buying in bulk can actually help you reach your goals to healthy living by making healthy foods more budget-friendly and by giving you the tools needed to control portions.
At the Top of My Lungs. The very idea makes me want do an about-face and stop the whole thing.  But Tarceva is the best bullet I have to prevent my cancer from spreading, so of course I will put on a brave face, keep calm and carry on.  I have skin in this game.
6 Steps To Reset Your Sleep Patterns For Fall. 1. Create A Fake Sunset At Home Dim the lights and avoid any screen time (i.e. computers, cell phones, TVs) at least one
7 Ways To Make Your Summer Buzz Last All Fall. No matter the season, making as much time as possible for loved ones will benefit not only your mood, but your health. Strong
Some People May Be Predisposed To Chronic Pain, Study Suggests. Some people may be more predisposed to experience chronic pain after an injury than others, a new study suggests. The findings
Gratitude Is About the Future, Not the Past. Next time you have the opportunity to say \thank you,\ don't let it ring hollow. Embrace the gratitude; feel it as deeply as you can, because in so doing, you're actually increasing the odds that in the future we'll all have more for which to be grateful.
The Break That Can Save Your Marriage. Interrupting the daily routine with a getaway isn't a luxury, it's a necessity. And for us and many others, these breaks have meant the difference between having a thriving relationship and getting a divorce.
Your Dirty Laundry Could Be The Reason You Can't Sleep. The specific scents in question were lavender and jasmine. Lavender seems to help boost deep sleep, according to a small
Want a More Relaxed Evening? Do This Before You Leave Work. As you wrap up another workday, the last thing you may be inclined to do is sit there and think about what happened. But if you want a more relaxing, stress-free evening, reflecting on the good stuff will go a long way.
The End of Life. Death panels and Dr. Kevorkian suck the oxygen out of end of life discussions. In a way, framing death and dying in sweeping abstractions like \right to die\ and \rationing life\ is an easy way to avoid the subject. But bad end-of-life decisions plague the hospital setting.
New View Into Our Guts Reveals Microbiome's Murky Links To Health. Our health is tied to trillions of organisms that live in and on us. But the extent of their impact has only recently come
Multiple Sclerosis May Originate In Brains' Gray Matter, Not White, Study Suggests. Although the findings suggest a new window into the disease, further progress in gray matter\u2013targeted therapies might not
Is Overtraining Overrated?. Overtraining is pervasive and misunderstood. Too much of anything can be bad for you, including exercise.
You Are Not a Unique Snowflake. It's the whole blanket of snow that makes the world beautiful, and we need every flake to be part of it. Including you.
Boston Red Sox Catcher. Red Sox catcher David Ross joined Mut & Merloni on Thursday morning to discuss the Boston pitching staff and to elaborate
Reframing Relationship Fear. I will give kisses and hugs and smiles so big that it lights up my entire soul. I will dance in the rain and laugh as hard as I can and let myself feel all the good stuff life has to offer.
Kids Yoga May Help Relieve ADHD. September ushers in autumn, back-to-school, and National Yoga Month. In honor of National Yoga Month, here are three ways yoga may help relieve ADHD in kids.
Time Out Tip Of The Day. Need a time out? You're in luck. In honor of Bliss' Triple Oxygen Month, HuffPost's GPS for the Soul has teamed up with Bliss
I Lost Weight. How I Lost It
How Do You Define Success?. A few years ago, the highly purposed idealist in me experienced a brief, but highly personal, crisis. Today, I am redefining success as personal growth and creative self-expression. I may not fit an established norm, but I've made myself happy.
Why I Gave Up Peanut Butter Cups Forever. I wouldn't be here today without Western medicine, but we have a long road to the place where patients have the information they need, where doctors won't hesitate to tell it how it is, and where corporate interests have been purged from public health conversations of massive economic and social importance.
Happy Fall!. Sit down and make a gratitude list -- what are you grateful for this year? There's always something to be grateful for and this gratitude practice is a great way to put closure on the first part of the year
Author Nicholas Sparks On The Key To Happiness (VIDEO). But no matter the hardships anyone faces, he said every person has at least one big reason to celebrate themselves. See the
Adam Richman's Weight Loss Following 'Man V. Food' Departure Is Totally Amazing (PHOTOS). When Adam Richman, the stout host of Travel Channel's former food challenge series \Man v. Food,\ announced his retirement
Is Miley Responsible for Drug ODs?. Miley Cyrus didn't kill them. The Zoo Festival didn't kill them. But our society, which glorifies the use of drugs and alcohol and stigmatizes addiction and even recovery -- that expends outrageous amounts of energy on shaming Miley Cyrus while ignoring many of the issues worth getting upset about -- does play a part
How to Get Flat Abs, Have Amazing Sex and Rule the World in 8 Easy Steps. Kindness costs us nothing and pays exponential dividends. I can't save the whole world. I can't bring peace to Syria. I can't fix the environment or the health care system, and from the looks of it, I may end up burning my dinner. But I can be kind.
Rancho La Puerta -- The Ultimate in Local Eating. Although it is hard to eat healthy all the time, I now cook big pots of vegetable soup every week and red meat has fallen into the \meh\ category.
How Do You Spend Your Energy?. We will always be miserable if we're doing things against our nature. We will always feel off if the requirements of our daily life don't match how we want and need to expend energy. And, when we find cycles of life that best match who we truly are, we can always show our our colors.
The Secret To Happiness Is Simpler Than You Think. Trying to be happy, the research suggests, could be an effective way to achieve the numerous health benefits that come with
Gorgeous Nature Trails That Make Us Want To Get Outside. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (Sept. 20-26). Through life experience we gradually learn to differentiate between the ideals, values and principles which can, and those which cannot, be compromised.
The Shocking Truth About 9 Foods You Thought Were Vegetarian. It's easy to avoid the big no-no's as a vegetarian. Nobody gets confused about where a cheeseburger comes from. However, it's
An Effective Alternative to CPAP for Sleep Apnea. What's most important is finding the right treatment and sticking with it. Sleep apnea is a serious health condition. Fortunately, treatments used correctly -- whether CPAP or oral appliance -- can significantly improve your sleep and your general health.
It's Dangerous to Chase the Moon. On the way back I was reminded of how little regard both motorists and pedestrians have for cyclists. These near misses and behaviors motivated me to highlight the following safety reminders for cyclists maneuvering in a city yet to fully embrace our presence on the road.
Yoga for an Immune System 'Boost Up'. The online Oxford English Dictionary defines immunity as \the ability of an organism to resist a particular infection or
10 Inspiring Quotes for Exercise Motivation This Fall. Fall is a great time for fresh starts and new goals to get healthy; whether you're a seasoned gym veteran or just beginning your fitness journey, a little extra motivation can be just what you need to kick-start the fall season.
Diabetes Websites to Improve Your Care. These websites and resources have helped me stay informed, do the work I do, and keep learning to improve my care. They have also supported me and lifted my spirits on more than one occasion.
5 Apps To Help You Destress. By PureWow Traffic jams. Frantic emails from your boss. Office gossip. It\u2019s hard not to be stressed these days. But the good
The CrossFit L1 Cert Doesn't Make You a Coach. You are no more qualified to be a CrossFit coach on the Monday after your cert than you were going in. How do I know this? Simple -- because I was the world's shittiest CrossFit coach for easily two years.
Statin Use Linked To Cataracts, But Results Are Cloudy. \u201cHeart disease is expected to cost $800 billion by 2030,\u201d Higgins said. \u201cIt\u2019s important to look at the [$4 billion] in context
6 Ways To Be Happier At Work. 3. Don't fight other people's battles. It can be tempting to get involved in other people's grievances at work, but you can
Why Weight Gain After Menopause?. Menopause is a naturally occurring physiological process that we don't need to fear. And if you haven't begun an exercise program yet, menopause is yet one more incentive to begin now and enjoy the endless benefits that exercise has to offer.
The Thing I Do Regularly That You're 'Not Supposed to Do'. No matter how small or little your progress is, you absolutely must acknowledge all of it. Celebrating the little wins, accomplishments, shifts and gains is so important to building a life you love.
Steroid Shots For Back Pain May Work Because Of The Shots, Not The Steroids. Researchers found that epidural steroid shots were more than twice as likely to work at alleviating lower back pain, compared
Time To Write? Go Outside. Nothing coaxes jumbled thoughts into coherent sentences like sitting under a shade tree on a pleasant day. Read more on New
The Power of Water. On September 21, Isha Foundation, an international non-profit human service organization, will host a day-long celebration of entertainment and enlightening talks at its yoga and meditation center in Tennessee.
Back to Basics. In addition to the world and the workplace changing, we are changing.  We, as a society, have evolved tremendously over the last dozen years.  Sometimes it is glaringly apparent and sometimes it is hard to notice in the midst of all the chaos, but if you stop for a moment every once in a while you will surely notice.
6 Healthy Reasons to Be in a Relationship. When you take responsibility for doing the inner work to learn to love and value yourself, you become filled up with love to share, and it is fulfilling to share your love with a partner.
Time Out Tip Of The Day. Need a time out? You're in luck. In honor of Bliss' Triple Oxygen Month, HuffPost's GPS for the Soul has teamed up with Bliss
How to Become a Runner in 5 Easy Steps. My running actually looked a lot like walking to those who saw me struggle down the road during the first few months. However, the thing that helped me get on track was having a plan and sticking to it.
Global Rise In Alzheimer's Creating Shortage Of Caregivers. As the world population ages, the traditional system in the United States, Europe and around the world of \informal\ care
Pregnant CrossFit Mom Infuriates Misguided Know-It-Alls On Facebook. Take Amber Miller, for example. She ran the Chicago marathon while nearly 39 weeks pregnant in 2011 -- and delivered her
Tobacco-Related Research Spending To Reach Up To $273 Million. In 2009 the agency was given authority to regulate cigarettes, cigarette tobacco and roll-your-own tobacco, though not pipe
Staying on the Bus. One unsettling thing about aging is the subtle fear that the bus has left you behind. Or that you're lugging around so much baggage you won't be able to get back on at the next stop. That instead of heading towards the light -- transcendent or otherwise -- your so-called \golden years\ are in the rear-view mirror.
Addicted to Sugar? 7 Steps You Need to Take Before You Can Break Free. While most of us know that sugar is not the best substance to load our body with, many individuals struggle with tactics in actually breaking free of their addiction to sugar -- and yes, it can truly be an addiction.
A Possible Cure for Insomnia. If you're having insomnia, I suggest trying turning off your mobile phone at night. I had no expectations about its efficacy when I started this, but the results have been amazing. Perhaps the scientific community should take heed.
Actually, Who Are You Not to Be?. I was on the brink of psyching myself out into playing small.  We all do this.  It really is our own light that frightens us the most.
There Are Only 3 Things to Do When You Don't Know What to Do. I turned to the beautiful young woman behind me and said, \Oh, my God! I am turning into a goofy old lady!\ She smiled at me and said, \Just go with it, have some fun.\ And so I did.
A Religion of One's Own. Learn from the world's religions and spiritual traditions. You don't have to join or believe. Find insights and methods and beautiful expressions and images. Don't separate secular from sacred.
The Productivity Pantry. Everyone has a collection of go-to productivity tools they just can't live without, but with new solutions hitting the market
Life Lessons From Shel Silverstein. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
2 Curious Causes Of Sleep Eating. In the second form there is conscious but uncontrollable eating after bedtime. This is referred to as Nocturnal Eating Syndrome
A Simple Self-Esteem Boost That Improves Emotional Strength. Self-affirmation exercises are an effective way to boost our self-esteem and by doing so, increase our emotional resilience and become better protected against the various psychological injuries we encounter in daily life.
Bracing For Adolescent Idiopathic Scoliosis Is Effective At Preventing Surgery, Study Suggests. \The efficacy of bracing was never really proven,\ Weinstein said in the statement. \I wasn't sure if braces really worked
Dangerous Bath Salts Drugs Linked To Nearly 23,000 Hospital ER Visits In 2011. Bath salts drugs, which are not the same as the fragrant-smelling products added to baths, contain chemicals related to the
This Is The New Favorite Pastime Of The Business Elite (Hint. \The more we can get in tune with the harmony of the planet, the more our art can benefit from that relationship,\ the music
My Journey to Hazelden. When I arrived in rehab, I was acutely aware that all my thoughts, words and actions up to that point in my life had led me to this place. This was the result of the sum total of all my activities.   What I could not realize was that I had hit the jackpot.  My authentic self was awakening.
Your Breath Is Your Conversation With the World. We need to allow ourselves to focus on our breath. The breath is the most immediate and the most intimate way of engaging with the world. You inhale the world. You exhale your experience of it.
How to Stop Suffering. And remember
Embracing the Dark and the Light. I started to breathe again. I started getting dressed before noon. I went to grief groups and I spoke. I stopped hiding, for maybe the first time ever. I started writing down the memories of my brother that flitted through my mind, unburied by his absence.
The Exercise That Helps You Fall Asleep Faster. \You're getting very sleepy.\ It's not exactly hypnosis, but you can coax your brain to sleep with a few simple keywords
Why I Didn't Wish You a Happy Birthday. Being a widower has changed my life in many ways. You can probably imagine some of the more cataclysmic changes, but there are also smaller, everyday disruptions that may not be as obvious. As an example, I'd like to explain why I didn't wish you a happy birthday this year.
7 Steps to Become a Better Receiver. 7. Fall in love with yourself! This is a life-long adventure. Every day that you can find ways to love yourself more deeply
Happiness. Whether it's words of wisdom from the Dalai Lama, guidance from an empathetic career counselor or advice from a friend, we're
Ranbaxy Import Ban. By Sumeet Chatterjee \It appears Ranbaxy still has problems that need to be resolved,\ Seki wrote. The latest Ranbaxy import
Should Salt Shakers Be Removed From the Table?. For me, a table is not set without a salt shaker. Salt just belongs at the table, and has been part of how we welcome guests for a very long time.
I Lost Weight. From day one, I knew that exercise had to be part of the equation. At first I could not walk 100 feet. I slowly built up
Climbing A Tree Could Be The Key To Happiness. To quantify the mood boost (or lack thereof) of being in nature, MacKerron built an iPhone app called Mappiness that randomly
Can We Please Stop 'Listening to Our Bodies'?. There are certainly many debates we can have surrounding the vegan lifestyle, but whether or not we need to eat animal products to be healthy isn't one of them. No one needs to \listen to their body\ to decide if they can go vegan or not.
Time Out Tip Of The Day. Need a time out? You're in luck. In honor of Bliss' Triple Oxygen Month, HuffPost's GPS for the Soul has teamed up with Bliss
The Gamble. When did it become \trendy\ again to say, \It's totally fine to have a glass of wine every once in awhile when I am pregnant, right?\
Chronic Illness and Lyme. The first place to start if you have a chronic illness is to become intimately aware of what goes in you, on you and surrounds you. Awareness can bring about change.
Dogs, Cats, Garden Snakes and Zebras. This experience underscored how scary it can be to get sick and that I may be a physician, but that I could turn into a patient at any time as I, like our patients at Visions, am human. But it also reminded me that, more often than not, everything is going to be just fine.
5 Things I Wish I Knew Before My Mom Was Diagnosed With Cancer. I never in a millions years thought I would thank my mom's cancer, but I am grateful for the perspective it's enabled me to gain. My life will never be the same because I'll be happier appreciating the blessings in my life -- like my mom.
For Pedro, Duck and All the Others. It'll be just Pedro and me who go to the hospital, and I'll let his meatball head rest in my hand as the two of us share that private moment, probably crying and drooling, and definitely feeling exhausted. On that day, Pedro hopefully will be left with some relief, and I'll be left.
You're Spending Way Too Much Time Checking Your Email. Here's What To Do. \In the 90s, people actually looked forward to opening their email,\ says Dmitri Leonov, the VP of growth for SaneBox, an
7 Superfoods You Can Swap Into Your Next Dessert. Luckily for, um, all of us, sweet treats aren't completely off limits for the health-minded. And no, we're not talking fruit
Making Sense of Legacy and Legend. The before of my mother's story isn't always clear, but I can vouch for the after. There was my mother, who begins a story about a man without shoes or a little girl bound for another life, and I listen because somewhere in these legends is my legacy.
Where Brain Health Meets Digital Health and Big Data. While there is much we still do not know about our brains, we do know that the sta\u00adtus quo is not an option. It is leav\u00ading us woe\u00adfully unpre\u00adpared to meet cur\u00adrent and future demands.
A Myriad of Benefits Brewing?. Coffee, especially caffeinated coffee, may provide a myriad of health benefits, but the jury is still out. Drinking coffee in moderation is safe, but don't be fooled by sweetened beverages with coffee flavor. It's the coffee bean, not the cream and sugar, that may be good for you!
2-Foot Blood Clot 'Vacuumed' Out Of Patient By UCLA Doctors. Photos courtesy of Dr. John Moriarty/UCLA \Once in place, the AngioVac quickly sucked the deadly clot out of Mr. Dunlap's
Fall Allergy Capitals. The ranking are based on three calculations
The Sporting Life. Now, as I am on the other side of  60, participating in sports mean staying active and feeling fit. I also subscribe to the African proverb, \If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together.\
Ability To Keep A Beat Linked To Language Skills. Top 10 Mysteries of the Mind Creative Genius
Aaron Alexis Mental Health. In the day after the 2010 shooting, other revelations about Alexis' state of mental health surfaced, as law enforcement officials
At Northwestern, 'Caught Napping' Can Be A Positive. Northwestern is 3-0 heading into Saturday's game against Maine, with an offense averaging more than 43 points a game and
Intellectual Stimulation Trumps Money For Employee Happiness, Survey Finds. By
Your Favorite Fall Scents Have Some Major Health Benefits. GPS Guides are our way of showing you what has relieved others' stress in the hopes that you will be able to identify solutions
One Final Slap to Cancer's Face. You would think that Deb may be a little off her rocker if she's celebrating Christmas in August.  Or, you would think she is completely lazy for not taking down the tree eight months ago. But, no, Deb is neither crazy nor lazy.  Deb... is dying.
10 Celebrities Who Really Love Working Out. We've said it before and we'll say it again
Nutritionists' Healthiest Snack Picks for Kids. Have fun and be creative! Kids love to help \build\ their own healthy snacks. Use produce with different textures, shapes and colors and let your child create healthy treats that will excite her/his imagination and appetite.
The Contradictions of Cancer. After spending the better part of a year in chemotherapy infusion bays and hospital beds, I finally returned to college to pick up where I left off. But as I've noticed since being back, it isn't quite as simple as that. Cancer's pesky paradoxes seem to follow me around everywhere I turn.
Weekly Rune. Go into this week open to what comes. It maybe a needed change, or it may muck up the works on all fronts. Ultimately, Hagalaz
Flexibility Can Be Bad for You. We want flexibility and often pursue options that will give us that flexibility.  Yet, when we are actually engaged in a task, that flexibility can backfire, because it can make the task more difficult.
What To Expect At Your First Kickboxing Class. Whether you\u2019re looking to increase strength, confidence, coordination, or you\u2019re just after a kickass cardio workout, kickboxing
What A Flu Pandemic In The U.S. Would Look Like. Widespread illness When scientists guess wrong or a completely new virus emerges, making a vaccine for the new strain can
Why Weight Loss Depends on Your Faith. There are a lot of pieces of the weight loss puzzle and you'll need them all in place to make it work. But your faith is a big piece of the puzzle. Having the right faith will open the door to them and set you on the path to their fulfillment.
Laugh With the Sinners, Cry With the Saints. Apologies for being away, but it's been a busy few weeks. New job, kids back from sleep away camp, back to school (including
Your Cancer Metaphors Don't Comfort Me. My cancer doesn't have motives, free will, or spite. I find no solace in telling it to f*ck off, or claiming I'm beating/fighting/standing up to it. It's no coincidence that these metaphors are generally the slogans of fundraising campaigns.
Time Out Tip Of The Day. Need a time out? You're in luck. In honor of Bliss' Triple Oxygen Month, HuffPost's GPS for the Soul has teamed up with Bliss
What 8 Highly Successful People Wish They Had Done Differently. Billy Graham \I don\u2019t have children, so it might seem that my story lacks relevance to the work-life balance debate,\ Callan
What Salustiano Sanchez, Who Lived To Be 112, Can Teach Us About Living A Good, Long, Happy Life. Discover the hobbies that make you light up -- and stick with them. The centenarian made time for fun. According to Guinness
Food Judgment. I can totally identify with the fact that when you find a formula that makes you feel really great, you want to share it with others, shout it from the rooftops. Where it gets dangerous though, is when we start to demonize foods or become negative toward opposing approaches.
Some Women Undergo Unnecessary Double Mastectomies. \These women overestimate the benefit of having this surgery, as CPM does not affect these outcomes,\ Rosenberg said. Despite
Heart Attacks In Young Women Don't Always Cause Chest Pain. \Our study demonstrates that young people and women who come into the emergency without chest pain, but other telltale ACS
Hong Kong Marathon Organizers Urge Runners Against Taking 'Selfies'. \For the race itself we will have officials to hold some message boards to remind people not to take photos at the start
Wacky Workouts. It used to be that hunting for things to eat and running from the clutches of wild beasts was enough to keep the body fit
Weight Regain Linked With Desensitization Of 'Fullness' Signals. Researchers from the University of Adelaide found that the signal for \fullness\ that's sent to the brain is desensitized
Cold Sores Linked With Gene Mutation. Most people -- 90 percent in the world, in fact -- are infected with the cold sore-causing virus, yet only about one in five
Why I Only Eat Organic Apples and Why You Should, Too. Why do we spray so many pesticides on apples? Well, we humans aren't the only organisms that love apples. Insects love them
Inspiration. I'm angry, I'm grateful, I'm sad and I'm crying because I am so happy I have survived. But more than any of that, I'm inspired by how hard people fight and how much they are loved and how many dedicate their lives in trying to win the battle.
Ask the Drama Queen. I cannot predict the future and neither can you, but only you are in your relationship and only you can know what your heart and gut tells you!
Medicare Supplemental Policies. Medicare coverage goes far beyond what almost anyone would ever need, so buying a Medicare supplemental policy amounts to little more than giving an insurance company your money so that they can keep it.
HuffPost Workouts. Some days it's easier than others to channel my inner diva into a badass workout. But all workouts feel a little bit better with the right (read
Healthy Lifestyle Changes Might Reverse Cell Aging, Study Suggests. They also found that the amount telomeres lengthened was linked with the degree to which the men implemented the healthy
The Art Of Getting Exactly What You Want. Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg lives by the maxim \Fortune favors the bold\ -- and perhaps none of his employees
There Are So Many Kinds Of Yoga. This Chart Can Help.. You and yoga have a complicated relationship. Sometimes you want it to kick your butt and leave you recharged, dripping in
Texting At A Red Light Is Something Everyone Does -- But No One Should. The HuffPost/YouGov poll was conducted Sept. 7-8 among 1,000 U.S. adults using a sample selected from YouGov's opt-in online
Why Scheduling Play Can Make You Happier. When we think of playtime as a must-do, we make it possible to approach our lives with greater joy and happiness.
It Is Time to Work Together!. Only by working together will we ever be able to achieve the overriding goal we all share -- a future without breast cancer!
Flexibility. One's level of flexibility affects that individual's form, alignment, the\u00a0ability to have clean lines, proper technique and it prevents injury.
I Lost Weight. How I Gained It
Why Vegans and Paleos Should Stop Hating Each Other. Though we focus on the differences in our diets, and fight like pissed-off hornets as a result, the healthy versions of both Paleo and vegan diets look an awful lot alike.
The French M&M's Experiment. In a nutshell, this experiment was all about location, location, location.  Would these \subjects\ eat more M&M's based entirely on where the M&M's were located in the chateau?
Plyometrics Leaps Into Mainstream -- But Experts Urge Caution. Dr. Mark Kelly, an exercise physiologist with the American Council on Exercise said that while plyometric training is important
Will the Medicine Cabinet Be Empty When You or Your Child Need Life-Saving Antibiotics? (Slideshow). Without urgent and aggressive action, more patients will be thrust back to a time when simple infections can be deadly.  And, the loss of effective antibiotics will undermine treatment of infectious complications in patients with other diseases.
Deadly Fungal Disease May Spread In U.S.. The Pacific Northwest \u2014 a region known for stunning natural vistas and a love of outdoor recreation \u2014 is also home to a deadly
How Being an ACoA Impacts Our Adult Intimate Relationships. Learning to use these triggered moments as growth moments can turn what could be a progressive disconnection into a progressive connection and a building of empathy and trust.
Knocking on Heaven's Door. If Vicki hadn't insisted on rushing me to the hospital, there is a good chance I would have died.
Take It From Tony. Research has long been a major priority of the American Heart Association. Our organization has invested upwards of $3.5 billion into research, more than any organization outside the federal government.
How Much Power Do You Assign to Words?. We are never going to stop others from saying things in public or thinking things behind the closed doors of their mind. But we do have a choice to not let ourselves be burdened by words.
Time Out Tip Of The Day. Need a time out? You're in luck. In honor of Bliss' Triple Oxygen Month, HuffPost's GPS for the Soul has teamed up with Bliss
Take Your Body With You. You are your body. When you meditate, include the body. When you get enlightened, it is the body getting enlightened. If you can't take your body with you, don't go there.
4 Lessons to Teach Your Kids. If you show up, do your best and be who you are -- I promise you, it will be enough. You have all that you need to recover when your feelings are hurt, you have all the talent and imagination and intelligence you need to make a positive contribution -- you already do it every day.
Why Is America Not Really Happy?. America is one of the most resilient countries in the world and is very open to radical change. Radical change starts with simply being mindful of the day-to-day interactions we have with each other.
7 Tricks To Improve Your Memory. Technique #2
At the Top of My Lungs. I try to look at it all as material for this column, and not let a few nasty side effects get me down.  It's a fascinating science experiment, just too bad that it's me in the petri dish.
Books To Help You Clear Your Mind. 2. Power Foods For The Brain Photo
High Blood Pressure In Childhood Could Signal Future Risk. Researchers from the Indiana University School of Medicine found that 18 percent of adults with high blood pressure also
Bruce Lee Breaks Through Time. Recently, on writing retreat in Hilo, Hawaii, I had an opportunity to experience the wondrous workings of the Tao in its stretch across both time and space and in the way it manifests through both intellectual and energetic coincidence.
High School Binge Drinking. The findings are especially troubling given the risks of alcohol overconsumption, such as impaired driving, alcohol poisoning
Conquer Phobias By Watching Someone Else Interact With What You're Afraid Of. Researchers found that the group who watched the video clip of a real person seeing the same image of the face but without
Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease. New Hampshire health officials announced last week that hospitals in three New England states may have accidentally exposed
What Naps Do For Your Brain -- And Why You Should Take One Today. I'm a big fan of afternoon naps. In fact, I was super excited when I joined Buffer to hear that the team is pro-napping. It's
The Necessity of Silence in Our Lives. Mindfulness and meditation cannot exist without silence. We can prevent the extinction of silence by being more aware of the noise pollution all around us. If we control what we can, with that little flick of a finger, we can give our mind a much-needed break.
The Coffee and Mortality Connection. A new study suggests that too much coffee may have more serious consequences than the occasional night of tossing and turning.
Wisdom From the Dalai Lama. If you want to be happier, however you construe the specifics of that, you can take actions to be happier. When you take those actions, you learn and improve and move forward. The act of cultivating happiness, in and of itself, leads you to more happiness.
Exercise Linked With Decreased Symptoms Of Depression, Review Shows. A team from the University of Edinburgh examined 39 past studies on depression and exercise, which included 2,326 people
Ask A Scientist. It takes about 30 minutes for the carbon dioxide, nitrogen and oxygen to dissolve back into the synovial fluid. That's why
The Science Of Conquering Your Fears -- And Living A More Courageous Life. To build a courageous character, the muscle of courage must be continually strengthened. Aristotle, the ancient philosopher
Time Out Tip Of The Day. Need a time out? You're in luck. In honor of Bliss' Triple Oxygen Month, HuffPost's GPS for the Soul has teamed up with Bliss
Pierce Brosnan Talks His Love For Painting, Paddleboarding And Peace In ORIGIN Magazine (PHOTOS). PB
Dreams. It's a question that has long fascinated and flummoxed those who study human behavior
CPAP Treatment For Sleep Apnea Could Make You Look Younger, More Attractive. In an ironic twist, a new study shows that a decidedly unattractive sleep apnea treatment could actually make you appear
How to Listen Like a Therapist. Just as we use a camera lens to focus in and out as we look at the details and the background, therapists try to listen for distinct themes as well as the general landscape of what people say.
How to Curb Your Inner Control Freak. Put someone else in charge. Yup. Do the thing you can't imagine. Hand over responsibility -- for a project, a trip, a party -- and instead of masterminding everything, go along for the ride.
7 Surprising Secrets to Skyrocket Your Productivity. Productivity is about much more than just getting work done. It's about getting the right work done for the right reasons to achieve your goals.
Are You Right- Or Left-Handed? It Could Be Genetic. When this particular PCSK6 gene is disrupted in mice, researchers found that there were defects in left-right asymmetry, such
4 Ways to Have a Healthy Fall. Fall is almost here. The shorts and swimsuits have been put away and with them, all your motivation to be active and healthy. Not so fast! Don't ruin all the work you did this summer. Learn how to stay healthy and fit throughout the fall and the entire year.
Time Out Tip Of The Day. Need a time out? You're in luck. In honor of Bliss' Triple Oxygen Month, HuffPost's GPS for the Soul has teamed up with Bliss
Seahawks Fans Seek Roar Record As Experts Warn Of Health Risks. One in three U.S. soldiers returning from the Middle East reports hearing loss, making it the most common injury sustained
The Sneaky Sugar In Your Energy Bars. Unreal Eats is Healthy Living's original video series, where we go behind calorie counts and health claims to examine what's
Have a Moment? You Can Meditate. I spent the day with a meditation teacher who taught me how to get the benefits of meditation in minutes, while I wait, walk, cook or even clean. Forget about chanting on a mountain with the Dalai Lama!
The Courage to Find Soul. Case 1
Fall Sleep Tips. The end of hot summer nights can mean it's time to reset your sleeping habits. With cooler weather ahead, here are three
Donna Shalala, Former HHR Secretary, Told Employees To Get More Sleep. In our 24/7 work culture, sleep deprivation is often worn as a badge of honor
10 New And Unexpected Workouts. By PureWow There are only so many hours you can spend on a stationary bike before you're ready to swear off spin entirely
At the Top of My Lungs. On the first day of spring, Harlan and I finally took the little white holiday lights down from the bushes in front of our house. They looked magical when we put them up at Christmas. After we got the cancer diagnosis in January, I couldn't bear to take them down.
6 Health Lessons From The Paleo Diet. Modern meat is not Stone Age meat. There were no wild corned beef, salamis or pastramis in the Stone Age, so processed meat
Reduce Stress. Of course, you stand to benefit when you give. Imagine how different your day, or your life, would be, if you took five minutes out of every day to help someone else.
Start Your Day In The Mindfulness Zone. When you start your day in the mindfulness zone, and stay present in all that you do until you're back in bed to go to sleep,  your life will feel much richer and more meaningful to you.
What Monster of Protection Have You Created? (Guess What? It's Keeping You From What You Want). We all have the power to change our lives and begin to draw in what we long for; it starts by going inward -- with compassion -- to see what monsters of protection we have created.
Our Severely-Obese Daughters and Sons. Obesity is a cultural problem and requires a cultural solution we have the knowledge and means to administer. That we fail to apply those means bespeaks our ambivalence at best, our profit-driven hypocrisies at worst.
New Study Finds Most Breast Cancer Deaths Happen in Women Who Don't Get Screened -- Should You Care?. An intriguing new study found that the vast majority of deaths from breast cancer occur among women who didn't have routine mammography. The paper's method is flawed, and conclusions limited. But sometimes an imperfect study can hint at real insights.
What (Most) Schools Fail to Teach. What if there was something schools could do that was scientifically shown to promote emotional resilience, physical health and academic performance? But what if only a few schools had started to incorporate it into their curriculum?
Surviving Suicide. Perhaps the worst thing about suicide is the pain that it causes to those left behind. These people are known as the survivors. And telling our stories can help us to heal from the trauma of this experience.
3 Tips for Conquering Job Burnout. Burnout can occur when you're not feeling valued by others but even more often occurs when as a result you devalue yourself.  Take a few minutes to jot down the reasons you entered your field in the first place.
I Lost Weight. After losing 27 pounds, I joined a gym and started doing 10 slow minutes on the elliptical trainer. By three to four months
Why Do We Overeat? Harvard Researchers Address Obesity And The Toxic Food Environment. Obesity is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease, athlerosclerosis, high cholesterol, high blood pressure, type 2 diabetes
The Most Encouraging Words, Ever. via Lisa Henderson For more GPS Guides, click here. via @erinlhanson via @luv4rescue via @Montgomery813 The stress and strain
Here's How You Know It's About Time You Considered Moving To Hawaii. You hate your co-workers. That this is way cooler than a thumbs up. This is the only time you feel adrenaline. Your closet
Smile, Smile, Smile. Is there a photograph or video that makes you smile without fail? Try to remember that just even one little picture can be an important tool to create \the basis for the smile to come\ as the great smiling Lama advises.
Natural Path to Healthier Bones. If you can make healthy anti-inflammatory lifestyle changes along with having an astute integrative practitioner guiding you while you are being safely monitored by your regular doctor, you'll probably be happy with your bone health results in the next few years.
The Forest for the Trees. Living in the information-saturated world that we live in, it is much more of a choice. The choice where to put my focus, my energy, my attention, when there are so many things to think about and do and get accomplished.
Estrogen-Only Hormone Replacement Therapy Could Lower Pancreatic Cancer Risk. These effects were seeen for both types of studies hormone replacement therapy. But one study suggested that, while estrogen
Estrogen-Only Hormone Replacement Therapy Could Lower Pancreatic Cancer Risk. More research into how estrogen and progestin effect pancreatic cancer risk is needed, the researchers said. At the start
Lights Go On -- Part X -- You Sir.... I know these things... your love for humanity the very foundation of your creative and intellectual expression... you, sir
Brain Surgery To Remove Amygdala Leads To Woman's 'Hyper Empathy'. She also described an increased ability to decode others' mental states, including their emotions, the researchers said. Her
The Curse of Indecision. Hamlet was notoriously indecisive. He wasn't sure whether it was best to live or die, but lots of people waffle about lesser
Brain-Eating Amoeba, Naegleria Fowleri, Confirmed In Louisiana Parish Water Supply. Health officials offered assurance that the water is safe to drink, but that there is potential risk of infection if water
Time for You to Start Modeling. You can't choose your family or even change their behaviors. But you can start to become conscious of your own, and in particular how your actions change in response to others'.
Why It Is Smart and Savvy to Listen to Your Body. Trust that your body is giving you messages.  Once you become aware of these physical signals, you can dig deeper to determine what your body is telling you.
Cigarette Smoking Among Obese Could Pose Additional Risks, Animal Study Suggests. The findings were presented at the annual meeting of the American Chemical Society; because they have yet to be published
U.S. Senate Passes Resolution for Naturopathic Medicine Week. This resolution recognizes the value of naturopathic medicine in providing safe, effective, and affordable health care and encourages Americans to learn about the role of naturopathic physicians in preventing chronic and debilitating conditions.
The Fitness Habits Of Wildly Successful People. When you consider the big brain benefits, it's no surprise that regular physical activity and life-altering success go hand
Falling Apart. With a jolt of gratitude, I realize that I will walk into my new quarters on two legs and care for myself with two capable hands. My body is up to the task, supported by an ever more creative mind and an undaunted spirit.
There Have Been 8 Measles Outbreaks This Year Alone, CDC Says. Measles is a highly contagious illness that can lead to complications and death, but can be prevented by the MMR vaccine
12 Surprising Vegan Foods. Vegan individuals will have to choose for themselves whether compounds like these fit into their personal animal-free diet
The Pot of Gold -- Embracing the Enjoyment of Life. Happiness, when authentic, true and deep is by far the most rewarding and breath taking experience there will ever be. And I am going to embrace it, for better or worse -- accepting and appreciating the path that is unfolding.
The Life Out Loud. Yoga had helped her to heal. At the same time, Chelsea Roff was courageous in disapproving of the body-consciousness that modern Western yoga fosters, in its advertising of sleek, lithe, muscular forms, and the peer pressure felt in many studios to have \the perfect yoga body.\
Health Care 101. While caring for Ms. A overnight, I made the incorrect decision to administer a cardiac medication to treat her disease that is known to increase the risk of bleeding during surgery. Committing and dealing with a medical error is one of the more humbling experiences in the field of medicine.
Have You Ever Been Flaked On?. Depending on who you're dealing with, chances are, at some point, you have been the flake, the flakee or both! Regardless, flaking causes huge stress in relationships and over time takes a toll on your health.
Rebirth of the Divine Feminine. As I stood, looking out at the ruins around me, I sensed the hidden beauty of Mother Nature slowly awakening from her sleep
Tobacco Use In India Could Lead To Death Toll of 1.5 Million Yearly By 2020. LONDON, Sept 12 (Reuters) - Tobacco inflicts huge damage on the health of India's people and could be clocking up a death
10 Rules to Live By in Sickness and in Health. I'm writing this post on what might have been my 10th wedding anniversary with Laurie. Looking back on eight inspired years of marriage, I'm reminded of the legacy of deliberate living she left behind.
What Are Some Good Strategies To Calm Down Somebody Who Is Drunk and Panicking?. Also never underestimate the dangers of group psychology. A single drunk is easily managed, but groups feed off each other's
Self-Fulfilling Personality Type Linked With Optimal Happiness And Life Satisfaction. Specifically, effective happiness-boosting strategies included receiving support from friends, self-acceptance, self-control
I'm Counting My Steps With a Fitness Tracking Device. Now What?. It seems like every time I read the tech section of a magazine or newspaper lately, I encounter another device that promises
Tuesday Is The Busiest Day For Doctors, Survey Finds. - Preventive appointments booked by men through ZocDoc went up by nearly 100 percent, compared with the same time last year
Bitter Broccoli? Genes May Be Behind Our Taste Preferences, Study Finds. The most-studied gene for bitter taste receptor, TASR38, comes in two types. People who have only one type or the other may
Compassion as a Moral Force. The more frequently any of us feels compassion in our daily lives, the more it prevents escalations of violence as a method to deal with the immoral actions of others.  Of most import, it doesn't even matter toward whom we feel that compassion.
Let's Turn Down the Noise and Turn Up Peace and Quiet. The lack of peace and quiet affects all that we do, our relationships, and most important our ability to listen and know our own heart and soul. It is our potential for introspection that  makes us unique as a species.
Joey's Jerky Dog Treats Being Tested For Possible Link To 21 Cases Of Salmonella Infection. New Hampshire health officials are advising people who may have the treats in their homes to throw them away. \While uncommon
See Good Intentions. Recognizing the positive intentions in others, we feel safer, more supported, and happier. And when others feel that you get their good intentions, they feel seen, appreciated, and more inclined to treat you well.
How To Make Your Own Yoga Props. By Laura McMullen for U.S News Or, given the money you've saved on blocks, straps and eye masks (and perhaps avoiding the
Tony Horton, P90X Creator, On What He Eats For Breakfast And How Yoga Saved His Life. Horton opened up about the past, present and what we can expect from him in the future. Here are snippets from the conversation
Capture A Moment Of Stillness With The Stunning Open Desert Sky (PHOTOS). The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Michelle Obama Wants You To Drink More Water. But if kids start drinking more water but keep drinking soda, the purpose of the initiative would be undermined. People also
The Worried Well and How We're Asking for It. In our quest for ultimate health, we are opening our wallets to the industries that some claim are ruining the health of America. They in turn, feed us exactly what we are asking for.
Creating Dialog on Approaches for 'Psychosis' in New Jersey. What would happen if professionals opened their minds about the nature of madness? What new possibilities might be created
The Best CrossFit Someecards. For a workout that certainly isn't joking around, it's refreshing to discover -- thanks to the brilliance of Someecards -- that
13 All-Natural Ways To Fall Asleep Faster. 10. Consider A Supplement The good news is that most sleep supplements probably won't do harm. The bad news is that they're
Strong Is Strong. It is everywhere
Love and Rock Climbing. I choose my approach and make three quick moves to reach a safe height, and feel my rope tighten again. I breathe deep while Pumba is losing her breath cheering for me.
Halfway Done -- The Way of Motherhood. When I fulfill my well-being first, I have the strength and stamina to care for my family completely and I am able to accept and honor the incomplete nature of life.
San Francisco Sues Nevada, Claims State Dumped Psychiatric Patients In The City. Herrera, however, moved forward with the lawsuit. \u201cWhat the defendants have been doing for years is horribly wrong on two
Do You Have 'The Little Blue Book' in Your House?. To learn more about Judith Johnson, visit website. Most people working in the field of dying, death, and grieving know about
Inspiring Words From The Plays Of Shakespeare. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
5 Surprising Ways To Get Great Skin. From Mother Nature Network's Starre Vartan
Too Soon Old and Too Late Smart. We have the opportunity and the time to change the culture of health care and the expectations of patients and providers.  We have so many effective prevention interventions that address the major causes of chronic disease and early disability and death.
Barbara Walters On Meditation. \I tried to learn to meditate,\ Walters said. \They said that it makes you centered. I feel very centered -- I love you all
Being True to Ourselves Doesn't Come Easily to Most of Us. Staying true to yourself is acknowledging who you are, knowing what your body needs, knowing what you need to thrive and be present and not letting peer pressures make you do things you'll later regret.
To Me, Mean Pictures Aren't Funny (Even the Really Funny Ones). That is a human being in that picture. A person who got up that day, got dressed and left the house without ever thinking it would make her the subject of public ridicule, simply because her shorts are too tight.
23 Hacks To Learn Anything Faster And Better. 18. Always Be Compressing (ABC) This was a cornerstone of Tim Ferriss\u2019 bestselling guide to learning quickly. Try as hard
Friday the 13th -- Good Luck!. It is simply too dangerous to leave life to chance. To do so would be to invite disaster. Luck must never be taken for granted. One can never assume. It requires constant courtship, demands undivided devotion.
Why Mindfulness Isn't Enough. Training your mind regularly strengthens your mental fitness. Just as running on the treadmill prepares you for the race of life, practicing mindfulness improves your ability to find and follow a moral compass.
Positive Attitude Boosts Exercise, Longevity Among Heart Disease Patients, Study Suggests. For more health benefits of optimism, click through the slideshow
The Best Natural Ingredients for Post-Summer Skin. After a long summer, skin and hair can suffer from dehydration and discoloration. These good-for-you ingredients can help treat sun damage plus restore, revitalize and care for seasonally-stressed skin.
Breaking the Taboo Against Magnificence. Just as I had reached the peak of self-pity about how difficult my life was, the doctor said to me, \On a scale from one to 10, how would you rate your life?\ In fact, this simple question from this brilliant old man initiated a new process in me, rather like taking time-release vitamins.
More Americans Pursuing Meaning Over Money At Work, Survey Finds (INFOGRAPHIC). At a time when more than eight in 10 U.S. workers are stressed about their jobs, the new data points toward a positive shift
The 17 Weirdest Things I Do Now That I'm Vegan. Let's face it. Being vegan (or even vegetarian) is pretty weird. But that's okay -- weird is the new cool. Being weird, I've found, is not just fun; it's addictive.
How Apple's M7 Chip Makes The iPhone 5S The Ultimate Tracking Device. There were plenty of ooo's and ahh's at the iPhone 5S event, many of them directed at the new revolutionary fingerprint scanner
The Lessons I Learned From a Health Nut Father. Having a mom who never said no to treats and a dad to run with allowed me to find a harmonious balance of remaining healthy while never depriving myself.
This Photo Reminds Us To Savor Every Moment. The date says it all. H/t Reddit
We Are Part of 'The System,' Too. For more by Lou Melgarejo, click here. Some of the following examples may seem simple, but sometimes we just need a friendly
365 Invocations to Create an Extraordinary Life, Week 4. Keep asking yourself, \What am I afraid of?\ and, \What will happen if I move forward with these invocations?\ Think back to what you learned as a child, what you saw in your family dynamics, what you were taught in school, in church, in your relationships.
The Paralysis of Over-Analysis. It's easy to travel through our mind and think we've gotten somewhere, setting bold intentions that lead to little or no action but give us the feeling of doing something -- climbing the mountaintop of inspired ideas before falling back into the valley of mediocrity.
Why Are Men in Their 20s and 30s Getting Prostate Cancer?. While I'm well aware of dietary and lifestyle means to boost that battle, I'm also aware that much more must be done. That includes getting more answers about how our environment, not just our lifestyle, can enter the mix.
Finding Happiness in the Face of Tragedy. Focus your lingering anger, despair and frustration on helping those who lost loved ones on that tragic day. Find a way to support the young men and women who committed themselves to defending our nation as a result of the attack.
Warning. I have learned just how critical it is to check in with myself daily and ask myself if all I am doing is in balance with you getting all I need to stay emotionally healthy. The formula
7 Ways to Find Inner (and Real) Happiness. Every time we see a giggling baby or young child we're reminded that we are all born with this natural and innate sense of happiness, that it is actually our birthright. We learn about suffering or unhappiness as we grow older, more externalized, and as circumstances change.
Myths Surround Breakfast And Weight. Skipping breakfast, the thinking goes, increases hunger throughout the day, making people overeat and seek out snacks to
Learning to Connect. As an introvert, I'll always need huge amounts of alone time to recharge. But on a larger scale I'd like to think that with a lighter step, with fewer walls to hide behind, when things get confusing and complicated again (because they will) I won't need to incubate for quite so long.
Men More Likely To Experience Certain Health Problems Than Women, Study Suggests. The researchers found that 28.5 percent of women and 29.9 percent of men with mental illness also had a physical illness
Emotional Rescue. Instead of suppressing an emotion, some people refuse to let it go.  They indulge themselves in it, like bathing in clean water until it turns dirty.  How many of us, for example, refuse to let go of our anger and resentment, even though it's harmful to us and others?
How Climate Change May Affect West Nile Spread. Researchers found that mosquito populations are likely to vary depending on the part of the U.S. For instance, assuming the
Meditation, Purpose and the Happiness Police. Having purpose means to connecting with and working for something larger than yourself.  It is about seeing and merging with the sacred that exists in the mundane -- exploring and knowing our individual consciousness to understand what truly matters to us.
9 Low-Calorie Mistakes You're Probably Making. More From Shape.com
Yoga Practicing Pooch Can Probably Put Your 'Downward Dog' To Shame (VIDEO). Humans aren't the only mammals reaping the vast benefits of yoga. Find proof in the video above, where a happy canine nearly
Effective Time Management Without a Calendar. Whole books have been written making the case for having it all or not having it all. Many navigate the debate by saying you can have it all, but not at the same time. Honestly, that's a cop out. Change your relationship with time and you do get to have it all.
1 In 10 Kids Has A Liver Like An Alcoholic's. Huge numbers of American children have a liver disease that used to be seen mainly among adult alcoholics\u2014and most of them
Perjeta. Since there are no approved neoadjuvant breast cancer treatments, there is technically no standard of care. However, the
5 Easy Tips To Start Eating Mindfully. From what not to eat when you are pregnant, to the endless lists of the latest must-have superfoods, discussion about healthy
Weight Maintenance. This is where the real weight loss work comes in.  It's not so much losing the weight, although that can be challenging for sure, but what follows that determines one's success, or lack of it, at keeping the weight off.
Do CrossFitters And Other Athletes Benefit From Weightlifting Shoes?. As lifters, our gear is very important to us. So we spend time and put much effort into researching what kind of shoe would give us the most edge.
73 Kitchen Hacks To Save Time, Get Organized And Stay Sane. So maybe you think you've got it all figured out. You're the MacGyver of the kitchen -- spatula in one hand two eggs in the
'Tips From Former Smokers' Ad Campaign Caused 100,000 Smokers To Quit, CDC Estimates. The CDC arrived at those numbers by surveying 3,051 smokers before and after the anti-smoking ad campaign. About 80 percent
Long-Acting Opioid Pain Drugs To Get Beefed-Up Warnings. Sept 10 (Reuters) - The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Tuesday said it would require new language on the labels of
Chobani Mold Sickness. \If the food tastes spoiled, sometimes it can make you vomit. but that doesn't make it a pathogen,\ Worobo said. \Sometimes
The Case for Being Ourselves. Mike appeared to conclude his mentoring session. Getting up from his desk, he led me toward the door of his glass-enclosed office. Before I exited, he looked me in the eye and smiled. \Maura, don't try to replicate me. Always remember to be yourself.\
Finger Pulse Could Help Measure Aorta Stiffness, Heart Risk Factor. The findings, published in the American Journal of Physiology - Heart and Circulatory Physiology, show that putting a transducer
Mindfulness, Music Appreciation and Empathy. Music is a language of energy, a \vibe\ of emotions and joy. It speaks to our core desires and feelings. It spans language barriers and political borders, making it a powerful means through which humans can connect.
More Than a Feeling. The world we live in can be a harsh, cruel, and unforgiving place. Drug dealers aren't going to practice restraint because your child is underaged or innocent. But we can unite as a community and do what we can to not provide such a target-rich environment.
The Happiest Countries In The World (INFOGRAPHIC). Take a look at the infographic below for the world's happiest countries, and how global happiness has changed over the past
Does Transcendental Meditation Actually Work?. We are reconditioning or reprogramming ourselves to not be reactive to thought. So why has this method of meditation endured
Money. What does money have to do with self-love, self-worth and self-acceptance? According to Kate Northrup, a lot.
What I Want You to Hear in Tribute to 9/11. Today, may the gentle sounds of our whispered blessings rise up and join together in the September skies, covering our nation with a sheltering blanket of reverence, unity, and meaning.
The Best Berries For Your Health. Acai Berries These, Boone says, are the anti-aging super berries. They're small, dark purple, and grow on the tall palm trees
5 Ways to Be a Better Friend, No Matter How Busy You Are. My friends have been my support system, therapists, sounding boards, cheering team and sisters for life. I don't know what I would do without these women who have made my life immeasurably better.
8 Simple Ways to Stay Committed to Your Fitness Routine. Missing a workout or sneaking a bite of cake becomes a way bigger deal in our own minds than it is in reality. Sometimes the only thing you need to keep you from sabotaging the rest of your day is empowerment.
On 9/11, Remember the Importance of First Responders. \More people are growing up wanting to become EMTs and paramedics, many of them inspired by the events of Sept. 11. We've also had siblings and children of people who were involved that day join our ranks.\
This Is Your Brain On The Ocean. The ocean is calling, let your body listen. Sight When it comes to shelling out for that \ocean view\ hotel room or condo
Fitness Saved Our Lives. it is the hardest times that will shape you into the stronger person who you have always wanted to be. The road to success is full of challenges. Always. You have to be fearless. Wake up every morning and challenge yourself to fight.
How Cinnamon Could Benefit Diabetes Patients. In the review, researchers looked at data collected from 10 randomized control led trials involving 543 patients with type
Please Stop Complaining About How Busy You Are. We're all just so \busy\ these days. \Slammed\ in fact. \Buried.\ Desperately \trying to keep our heads above water.\ While
Weathering a Financial Crisis That's Close to Home. Economic crisis is a time that couples and families operate best when they stick together and work as a team to find solutions to the problems that are under your control.
How Sounds Undermine Sleep. Why can some people sleep through a jackhammer at the window, while others waken with the lightest whisper? Host Rachel Martin
Women In Their 40s Could Benefit From Mammograms To Detect Breast Cancer, Study Says. Of the 609 women who died from breast cancer, 71 percent were women who had not undergone regular breast cancer screening
MLKL Protein Could Lead To Treatments For Inflammatory Conditions. While the paper\u2019s basic science seems sound, Atsushi Sakuraba, MD, instructor of medicine at the University of Chicago Medical
M Plan, New Mushroom Diet Promising Selective Weight Loss, Won't Work, Experts Say. Studies show older women are more likely to gain weight around their belly, likely due to changing hormone levels, Tallmadge
Remembering Lies. For the study, researchers instructed study participants to look at pictures of objects and then lie about them, either by
12 Happiness Myths -- Debunked. A few things -- like chocolate, chick flicks, and clean sheets -- are almost guaranteed to boost your mood. But when it comes
Education and Credible Science Are Keys to Fighting Obesity. While I agree with the Sugar Association's Dr. Charles Baker in his recent blog that we should approach the obesity epidemic armed with knowledge, it appears the only thing the Sugar Association wants to do is exonerate its product and cast blame on other sweeteners.
Why I Embrace Being a Bad Yogi. Perfection is not the goal. Progress is always nice, but get away from the need to find it in every yoga class you take.
Pain's Long Reach and Powerful Grip. Ask our son about pain. He will tell you about the heavy burden it places on him along with everyone close and important to him. He will tell you that pain is real and it is personal.
Natural Ways to Boost Your Immunity for Fall. Vitamin A
Stopping Smoking Brings Heart Attack Risk Down To That Of Never-Smokers. Quitting smoking could bring your risk of dying from a heart attack down to the same level as someone who's never smoked
Weekly Rune. Second, the deeper tension this Rune calls out isn't that we're at a gut-wrenching turning point in a life-altering engagement
Feeling Grumpy? A Mindfulness Practice to Help You Get Out of Your Grumpy Pants. Is mindfulness as a way of life challenging to practice? Sure it is. That's why it seems many people spend a lot of time in their grumpy pants. They are not even aware they are wearing them.
The Alphabet Happiness. An attitude of amusement is an antidote to taking the slights and arrows of life too personally. Pretty much most of the time, things are not personal, but a reflection of what is going on in another. Choose to be amused by the human condition --  you will feel lighter.
Bev. She chats with Patti, who can't speak but is fully aware and smiles brightly. We arrive at the hospital for the semi-annual
It's Not Only About the Burning Man. I feel very lucky that I have met some of the most creative people on the planet, gathered in one place for an intensive week, who all kept teaching and learning from each other.  I used to think I'm an open person until I visited this festival.
The Joy Manifesto. We can tap into joy every single day. It is always accessible, even if just for an instant. It is a conscious choice. With even a small amount of effort, we can fill our cloudy skies with a rainbow.
If It's Conditional, It's Not Love. Love is a grace we give one another. Love is sometimes effortful, but it's not based on someone else's effort. Love is what happens when we open our hearts and allow the love that naturally lives inside to flow forth.
Stop Being a People Pleaser!. People pleasers are willing to do anything for the company, anything to make someone happy, and anything to help anyone in need. But people like this should not be exploited. And while kindness is a fine quality, it should not come at the expense of one's needs and personal happiness.
We Can Pencil It in Our Calendars Just in Case. Time matters and how we mark it and manage it also matters. We hope that what we do with our time matters more than the devices we use for managing it.
How to Heal Relationships. This isn't tricky stuff. If we want to have a loving relationship, we need to be loving.  If we want to be understood, we need to understand. If we want to be appreciated, we need to appreciate. If we want to be respected, we need to respect.
Alanis Morissette Talks Enlightenment And 'The Divine Feminine' With ORIGIN Magazine (PHOTOS). AM
Knowing Obesity Gene Status Doesn't Make People Feel Helpless In Losing Weight, Study Suggests. Knowing whether you have the \obesity gene\ doesn't seem to be a deterrent against weight loss, according to a new study
You Don't Need A Pill To Fall Asleep (VIDEO). Nearly 9 million Americans turn to prescription sleeping pills to secure a good night's rest, according to new data from
Tales From Both Sides of the Couch. In technical terms my thoughts about Dr. K and his car were bits of transference -- feelings related to other important figures in my life that I transferred onto him.  This transferential moment could have been an important opening, enabling this therapy to get off the ground.
Lights Go On -- Part IX -- Your Essence.... tbc you answer my question and question my answer how can love carry any more power than this? You are the eyes to my soul
WATCH. For more by Brad Yates, click here. Napoleon Hill said, \What the mind of man can conceive and belief, it can achieve.\ Most
Baby Shroomers And The Heroin Spike. The most comprehensive study of who\u2019s using what in the U.S. came out on Wednesday. Here are six noteworthy stats from the
MERS Deaths. The death of a 74-year-old man in the Medinah region of western Saudi Arabia was the 45th fatality in the kingdom from Middle
Embrace the Breakdown. Life doesn't just \happen.\  Whether you know it or not, it is carefully designed by you. Choose wisely. We can understand what is emerging in us on an individual and societal level more clearly, simply by taking a closer look at our thoughts, language and actions.
Healthy Oatmeal Toppings You Absolutely Need To Try. NUTS, SEEDS, HERBS & SPICES A little bit of these flavorful additions goes a long way! Pumpkin Seeds Sheth suggests pumpkin
Is Bi-Cycling Delusion Keeping Your Bipolar in Disorder?. Bipolar is a cyclical condition. We cycle through depressions and manias, sometimes reaching intensities that cause a crisis for us. We also periodically cycle into remission. It might be easier if the cycles were predictable, but for many of us they are completely random.
Why Your Best Ideas Happen In The Most Unusual Places. Archimedes \u201cIn other words, a distraction may provide the break you need to disengage from a fixation on the ineffective
A New Look at 'Low-Risk' Drinking. Of course, the safest course of action may turn out to be not drinking alcohol at all. But then, what about the possible benefits of \moderate\ drinking? The safest course, given this new information, would seem to be to avoid drinking three or more drinks on any one occasion.
Time Out Tip Of The Day. Need a time out? You're in luck. In honor of Bliss' Triple Oxygen Month, HuffPost's GPS for the Soul has teamed up with Bliss
Treatment-Resistant Depression, Part One. Our individuality is our blessing and our -- well, curse is too strong a word, but it can be pretty challenging. And I know full well the overwhelming feelings of desperation and helplessness when you think you've tried everything.
The Life of Bi. \I don't think you have ADD,\ he finally says, turning to me. I'm ready to leave, but I stay to hear him out. \What you're describing sounds more like a Bipolar II disorder.\
Wise Words That Prove Getting Older Is A Good Thing. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Three Simple Steps to Increase Your Energy and Experience More Joy in Your Life!. The most important thing to realize is we all operate at a different frequency. We have different levels at which we can give and receive this energy. We're unique, we're sensitive and far too often we give away too much!
Electronic Cigarettes Help You Quit Smoking As Well As Nicotine Patches. Among the majority of participants who didn't quit smoking entirely, 57 percent of those assigned to the e-cigarettes cut
When Empathy Hurts, Compassion Can Heal. \u201cEmpathy is really important for understanding others' emotions very deeply, but there is a downside of empathy when it comes
Being With What Is. Our survival instinct -- fight, flight, or freeze -- doesn't naturally create space for mercy and compassion in day-to-day living. The ego, encapsulated in the Buddhist notion Noah describes, gets agitated by the open heart that is necessary for forgiveness.
5 Unexpected Sources Of Gluten That Aren't Food. Medicine Certain vitamins, supplements and even medications may contain gluten. Although many more are made from corn, potato
Time Out Tip Of The Day. Need a time out? You're in luck. In honor of Bliss' Triple Oxygen Month, HuffPost's GPS for the Soul has teamed up with Bliss
15-Minute Workout. More from Shape.com
How Anxiety Affects Sleep. Good sleep hygiene habits, like using your bedroom only for sleep and sex -- not work or TV -- and sleeping in a cool, dark
Share Your Problems With Me. Just because someone is struggling with new and potentially overwhelming challenges doesn't mean the tenor of your relationship with your friend has to change. Allowing her to continue being that friend can be its own form of compassion.
Cold Weather Linked With Heart Risk Factors, Heart Attack, In New Studies. \We observed a seasonal variation in waist circumference but BMI did not change throughout the year,\ Marques-Vidal said
Letting Go and Moving On. It is human nature to gravitate towards what you know is safe. Hence, we blindly go through the motions of our daily routines, oblivious to the fact that our world is constantly moving and changing all around us.
Death and Dying. In Simon's case, the grace, respect and love with which he portrayed his mother transcends technology. It is his words, and the sentiments behind them, that resound in our hearts. He is writing a love poem to his mother, and power to any poem that has a readership of 1.2 million.
Health Blog Roundup. What's better than a Tabata workout? A Tabata workout to tunes! Fit Bottomed Girls tried a Tabata workout with music and
Why Your Brain Loves Yoga. Neuroscience has repeatedly demonstrated the capacity of the brain to rewire itself through experience, known as neuroplasticity
Overcoming the Naysayers and Sabotagers on Your Fat Loss Journey. Dealing with these nuisances is rarely a laughing matter, but armed with these tactics (and deep breathing), you can minimize frustration and anger from these well-intended (okay, maybe not always) folks.
On Not Wearing Black. I found myself embarking on spiritual journeys I'd never expected to take, exploring new avenues of healing and strength with very little of the old fear and depression to hold me back.
Julie Chen And Sharon Osbourne Discuss The Art Of A Good Power Nap (VIDEO). Even some of the most successful women in Hollywood need a good power nap. \The Talk\ hosts Julie Chen and Sharon Osbourne
2 Patients At VA Hospital In Connecticut May Have Also Been Exposed To Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease. BOSTON, Sept 6 (Reuters) - The Connecticut Department of Public Health said on Friday that two patients who recently underwent
Find Your Personal Luxury. True luxury is about authenticity, and you cannot create authenticity simply by buying more.  Nor can you create it by buying the most expensive items or by trying to keep up with the latest and greatest that someone else told you was a \must have\ for the season.
Continued Therapy Works As Well As Antidepressants In Preventing Depression Relapse, Study Finds. The researchers noted that while they expected the patients in therapy to do even better, and hopefully relapse even less
The 13 Questions Great Leaders Ask Their Teams. We're often encouraged to \lead by example,\ and that through your explanations of various tasks at hand or answers to conundrums
Sitting, Lack Of Exercise Linked With Symptoms Of Depression In New Study. Need even more of a reason to just stand up already? Click through the slideshow
Man's Stroke Leads To 'Pathological Generosity'. Other instances of excessive benevolent behavior have been seen in cases of people with mania, Parkinson's disease treated
5 Life Lessons of a Pathological Optimist. For me, the key is intention. It's not about the size of the risk, it's about why you take it. Take a big risk to make a lot of money and you may or may not succeed. Take an equally big risk to enrich others and the universe is sure to reward you in some unexpected way.
Through Darkness Comes Light, Through Fear Comes Love and Through Pain Comes Triumph. What you overcome in life makes you richer in every way. When you are in that dark place looking for a way out of your hardship, you are faced with two choices
Getting Fit When Life Gets in the Way. If life can get in the way when you're on a weight loss plan, then you're just not thinking about weight loss the right way. Weight loss -- and more importantly, keeping the weight off -- has to be a part of your life.  And if it's part of your life, then life can't get in the way.
Change Random to Perpetual. To that man in the grey truck, you proved to me that the spirit of \random acts of kindness\ was still alive and well, and I want you to know that simple cup of coffee instantly unraveled that ball of stress I had already wound myself up into that morning.
Sleep Deprivation Linked With Buying More High-Calorie Foods While Grocery Shopping. \We hypothesized that sleep deprivation's impact on hunger and decision-making would make for the 'perfect storm' with regard
How Attached Are You to Your Pet?. As adults, we lean on supportive friends, a spouse, and sometimes siblings to provide support and reassurance. Based on their results, study author Sigal Zilcha-Mano and his colleagues believe pets can serve the same function.
Dear Yoga Student. I'll let you in on a little secret. The majority of yoga teachers are the most insecure, confused, lost, egotistical and wounded human beings alive. We may not show it, we may do everything to throw you off our scent, but we are.
Time to Surrender. I'm letting this fall be about surrender. About not being able to control everything and not having everything go the way I'd like it to. About learning whatever lesson my broken heel is supposed to be teaching me instead of powering through or ignoring it.
What Was Steve Job's 'Secret'?. Most people hold many versions of an \It can't be done\ belief. Jobs did not. Jobs did not deal more effectively with the
It Sucks to Be Sick!. There is a great deal of truth to the saying, \Be the change you want to see in the world.\ No one has any control over what may happen to us, but we can control what we choose to do next.
Women More Likely To Land From Jump 'Knock-Kneed,' Could Raise ACL Tear Risk. Researchers found that even though men and women both landed stiffly from a jump -- where the quads are tensed, which is
Legacy. September brings its newness. Energy is high as teachers and children return to school. Graduated high schoolers begin a
McGurk Effect. Listen to this. \We've shown neural signals in the brain that should be driven by sound are being overridden by visual cues
Manifesting Our Destiny With Imagination, Devotion and Courage. We repeatedly find ourselves in stormy waters, strong tides, and facing fierce winds. But that elemental energy can be harnessed and converted into productive, sustainable, and positive relationships and outcomes.
What Do Naked Ladies Have to Do With Writing and Your Life?. Like the lily, writing and our innermost desires need to have a quiet interlude between the leaves in spring and the eventual summer blooming of flowers.
At the Top of My Lungs. Burns heal and hair grows back, but my three little dots will always be with me, a daily reminder that I carry cancer inside me and its mark is indelible.
How To Ditch Digital Distractions (And Actually Focus). There\u2019s no doubt that technology can be addictive -- seeing that someone liked your Facebook post literally gives you a hit
This Saturday, Take A #SerenitySelfie (PHOTOS). \Catching Rays\ on a chilly Saturday in November... @GPSforSoul #SerenitySelfie pic.twitter.com/2dkO82FVVW \u2014 Life in Every
The Purpose of Life. Yes, our pursuit of truth is challenging, requiring us to be willing to think and respond in new and fresh ways, to be ready to break away from the pack mentality of thought.
Why We'd Rather Talk Than Listen. In essence, listening is a sensory function, and when our brain's and mind's circuit are at sensory overload, we haven't got room for anything else coming in.
Don't Call Me Just a Nurse. I am a nurse. I didn't become a nurse because I couldn't cut it in med school or failed organic chemistry, but rather because I chose this. This wasn't my plan B. It was my plan A.
Enough Flu-ing Around!. The flu vaccine is far from perfect. It can fail to prevent flu and there can be rare complications. But it usually does prevent flu, and complications of the flu itself are more common by literal orders of magnitude.
Do You Have to Get Sick to Slow Down?. I have battled chronic stress for most of my adult life, and I know that my habits are a work in progress.  I also know that I value my health as much as I value being a high-achiever, and I need to use something other than getting sick as a warning sign that I need to slow down.
Yoga Therapy, Krishnamacharya and Desikachar. \We all need a means to help us access an inner intelligence that is clear and calm and from which we can relate to and function in this world where there is so much confusion and agitation.\
Silencing the Critic. Being considerate to others is encouraged. But what about being kind to ourselves? Somewhere along the way most of us learned self-compassion is self-indulgence.
Listening To Music And Regular Exercise Linked With Improved Endothelial Functioning. The new research, presented at the European Society of Cardiology Congress 2013, shows that people with coronary artery disease
Why Pinpointing the Cause of a Low Mood Is Never the Answer. When you're in a bad mood, your circumstances will appear challenging, but you're never in a bad mood because of challenging circumstances.
Change Your Shoes and Leap Into It 'All!'. With each human thought and action, we either activate or deactivate our higher being. The more our thoughts and actions are in line with our most passionate and purposeful vision for our lives, the more we activate our higher being, and the faster we manifest the \all\ in our lives.
Why Did Lime Juice Cause Severe Burns In 5 California Girls?. A couple of days before being hospitalized, the girls spent about five hours playing outside in the pool and with a pretend
Pierre Omidyar, CEO Of Honolulu Civil Beat, On Gratitude At HuffPost Hawaii's Third Metric Event (VIDEO). In conversation with Arianna Huffington at Wednesday\u2019s Third Metric event to celebrate the launch of HuffPost Hawaii, Honolulu
Electronic Cigarette Use Rises Among Teens. The report showed a connection between using electronic cigarettes and using conventional cigarettes among youths. Specifically
These Magical Shots Of Planet Earth Remind Us To Explore (PHOTOS). The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Breaking Bad Habits. When I coach people on the obstacles that may be slowing them down or even sabotaging their dreams, often it comes down to behaviors that can be easily corrected. But it begins with honestly assessing and recognizing what it is.
Aliya Bokhari On The Importance Of Sleep At HuffPost Hawaii's Third Metric Event (VIDEO). In the course of Wednesday\u2019s Third Metric panel discussion to celebrate the launch of HuffPost Hawaii, the conversation turned
Appeals Court Upholds $35 Million Award For Dorothy Alexander, Widow Of Smoking Victim. In late February, Dorothy Alexander was awarded $25 million in punitive damages, plus another $20 million in compensatory
Dane Kaohelani Silva On The Importance Of Aloha At HuffPost Hawaii's Third Metric Event (VIDEO). Among mainlanders, there's a common misconception that \aloha\ translates simply to \hello\u201d or \u201cgoodbye.\u201d But the word encompasses
This Gluten-Free Thing Is a Really Overblown Fad!. For many people, a \gluten-free\ label unfortunately bestows a cachet of health onto whatever processed food it graces. Potato chips? They're gluten-free! Triple-chocolate brownie mud slide?  Eat without guilt! Of course, you don't actually need gluten-free products to go gluten-free.
How Lupus Led Me From A Career In Journalism to Medical School. My symptoms were eventually diagnosed as Systemic Lupus Erythematosus, an autoimmune disease in which the body's immune system attacks itself. My search online yielded a website that charted survival in vague terms, claiming 90% of lupus patients lived five years post-diagnosis while 75% made it to 10 years and only 65% made it 15 years. For someone in her early 20s, those odds weren't reassuring. I knew as a journalist that information was power and never in my life had I felt so incredibly powerless. So, I set out on a mission to learn as much about lupus as I could. I never dreamed that journey would eventually lead me to medical school.
Tackling the Back-to-School Blues. Starting school again can be a tough transition for kids and teens, who become accustomed to the later bedtimes and unstructured play of summertime. Capitalize on these last few weeks of summer to take control of your new routine and set the tone for the rest of the school year.
The Truth About Sex and Your Weight. For the first time in years I started to love my curves and forgive my cellulite. What I used to see as flawed, I now saw as unique and feminine. I was finally ready to show my boyfriend all of me, all the time.
From OM To OMG. Ever since my dad tried to convince me to meditate when I was about 12, I\u2019ve been fairly skeptical of this practice. It always
Why Every Conflict Can Be Resolved. Everyone is here to be their true selves, have their own opinions, likes, dislikes, etc. How boring things would be if we all agreed on everything all the time. Where would our creativity be needed?
Life Is Like Video Games. In other words, what we're after -- the reason we play the game -- is always net proceeds. Proceeds represent the count that remains after each failure. Without the failures, we don't proceed. We just stay still.
Hysteria About Sugar Doesn't Help -- Knowledge Does. When critics surreptitiously lump high fructose corn syrup into their attacks against \sugar\ in an effort to make the attacks seem more potent, a serious disservice is done.
3 Ways To Avoid Burnout By Working Smarter, Not Harder. Think just because you run a business that it\u2019s got to be all work and no play? Don\u2019t remember the last time you took a vacation
Internet Addiction Clinic Opens At Bradford Regional Medical Center. PITTSBURGH (Reuters) - Smartphones are getting smarter, laptops are becoming increasingly portable - and people who just
Exercise In Young Adulthood Linked With Lower Epilepsy Risk. Among men classified as having high fitness, about 2,380 out of about 500,000 developed epilepsy later (0.48 percent). Among
12 Fitness-Friendly Hotel Chains. In the not-so-distant past, hotels offered little for fitness enthusiasts other than barebones, often run-down, fitness centers
The 10 Things That Will Happen When You Begin CrossFit. What led to me beginning CrossFit was a realization that, if left to my own devices, I would never push myself hard enough to truly make the changes I needed to in order to get in shape.
What To Do When Work Stress Eats Up The Evening. Feeling the pinch of work stress in the evening? Before heading home for the night, take a moment to savor the day\u2019s wins
Vaccines Not Linked To Long-Term Effects In Kids. As any new parent knows, vaccines are a pain in the tuchus--and not just for the infant. A baby born in the U.S. today is
The Mindful Response to Atrocities. And deleted it again. It's really a wonder that I haven't dropped all my ideals, because they seem so absurd and impossible
Shining the Light on Kidney Disease. The earlier kidney disease is recognized, the easier it is to treat. Sometimes, simple lifestyle interventions are even enough to keep the disease from progressing.
Injured and Hurting. Let's make Pain Awareness Month about progressive change. It is time to leave behind archaic systems and embrace evidence-based, forward thinking methods of delivering care that are both patient-centric and at the same time utilitarian. We simply can't afford not to.
Let It R.A.I.N.. How can we reclaim, use, enjoy, and be at peace with our whole estate -- without being overwhelmed by its occasional swamps and fumes?
Brain Damage Caused by Drinking Alcohol Could Be Reversed by Aerobic Exercise. These findings revealing the protective effects of aerobic exercise on preventing white matter brain damage in drinkers are compelling and valuable, regardless of whatever biological link to explain this correlation may be found in the future.
Breaking Bad... Habits. Breaking a bad habit is never easy, but you can make it a lot easier by making negative mental associations and by replacing bad habits with good. Before you know it, you won't have that bad habit anymore, and you'll feel empty if you miss your workout or walk, instead!
Get Up and Go for Brain Fitness. Enter the \brain fitness\ industry. It's grown by leaps and bounds lately, but it didn't pop up by accident. In fact, the marketing formula was incredibly simple
4 Lies We Believe About Life With Illness. Chronic illness creates major changes in our body. Understanding the challenges you face with your illness, and then planning a life despite them, may be one of the healthiest decisions you will ever make.
Top Health Moments Of Summer 2013. DOMA Plan B Just under the wire, McDonald's debuted two new vegetarian wraps at the end of August. Previously a regional
5 Hawaiian Words To Redefine Health, Happiness And Power In Your Life. 4. Ohana, as the movie Lilo & Stitch taught us, means family. The word comes from oha, which is the highly revered taro plant
The World You Are Entering. We need engaged people. Health care needs engaged doctors of chiropractic, clinical nutritionists, quality educators, engaged practitioners of acupuncture and Oriental medicine.
5 Ways To Be More Outgoing. Nail A First Impression One thing true extroverts are great at is taking the initiative to talk to people and make new friends
This Is What Happens To Your Body When You Exercise. Brain Increased blood flow also benefits the brain. Immediately, the brain cells will start functioning at a higher level
Man ALIVE! A Book Review. In a sustained, hilarious, tender and convincing conclusion to the journey she has taken the Lerners, and we readers, on, Mary Kay Zuravleff shows how we can never re-enter the same river in the same the water
Top 5 Reasons to Eat a Plant-Based Diet. It's hard to argue with a plant-based diet when it benefits our health, waistline, environment, wallet, and conscience.
The Perfect Nap. There's an art to napping. Studies have found different benefits -- and detriments -- to a nap's timing, duration and even
Will Your New Friend Be Warren Buffett, Harry Potter...Or Tony Soprano?. To Sign-Up for Larry's Blog, click here Once he was told this, he relaxed, amazed at how everyone was laughing and having
The Real Core Workout. In the end, what you really need to do is figure out what you believe and see if it actually aligns with what you want to believe. Stop simply moving the furniture and start rebuilding the house.
Recalibration. Part of the recalibration toward human well-being is the necessary work we must undertake so that we can be better aligned with a new world and a new energy that is penetrating our reality now and in the years to come.
Cardiologists Worry As Heart Drug Research Loses Steam. \We need to take a lesson from our colleagues in oncology where the approaches are really very smart,\ said Keith Fox, professor
The Dos and Don'ts of Making a Living and a Life. Living by these guidelines is certainly easier said than done, but I'd be doing myself a disservice if I didn't try. The same goes for you.
7 Quirky Ways to Find Inspiration on a Deadline. One of the great struggles of any creative profession is coming up with an ingenious and original idea in a timely manner. Lightning strikes of inspiration are often few and far between, which makes it hard to convince people to give you money for your ideas.
Perfectionism Tied To Workaholism In New Study. However, not not all kinds of perfectionism are alike when it comes to turning into a workaholic. What University of Kent
Back to School Is a Great Time for Teens to Sleep. The assumption is that the teenagers are falling asleep because they are bored or disinterested in the class. Was elementary school more exciting than high school? No, that is not the reason. It is a misconception that boredom causes sleepiness. Boredom just unmasks sleep deprivation.
Training the Next Generation of Lifesavers, One Student at a Time. \Since witnessing the cardiac arrest that inspired me, I have not been around anyone who has needed CPR. But I know of two teenagers who have. Both learned it at school and ended up saving the life of one of their parents.\
The Key to Moving Past Anxiety. Something remarkable happens when you make contact with your fears
3 Questions to Awaken Our Capacity for Life. At each experience, ask a real question and answer them truly. It will not only cultivate your capacity for life, but it will create for you a life worthy of your love.
Why You Didn't Get What You Asked For. When deciding what you want, whether it's a soul mate, new job or material object, you have to be as specific as possible. How much? What size? What color? By when? With who?
3 Major Food System Problems--in Cartoons. Fast-food places proliferated. The sizes of food portions increased. People began to eat outside the home more often and
3 Ways to Be More Efficient. Why are you driven? If you have a packed schedule, why? What is important to you in your life? Reflect, breathe and be honest with yourself. This is your life we are talking about.
Let Intuition Be the CEO of Your Business. Look at revolutionaries like Oprah and Steve Jobs -- folks who consistently mention \intuition\ as part of their process. I believe we can all thrive in our businesses and in our lives if we make intuition our CEO.
Of Mice and Memory. Researchers at Columbia University have demonstrated that common age-related memory loss is distinct from Alzheimer's disease. As importantly, you can reverse this loss. Well, if you're a mouse, you can.
Uncommon Wisdom About Your Body, Lifestyle and Spiritual Awareness. The thing I've come to understand is this
Keeping All the Balls in the Air, Or 'Calgon, Take Me Away!'. Most days I don't get my whole to-do list done, and some days I don't do any of the list at all. But it's not the end of the world -- I always have the list to come back to, like a compass showing me the right course, and know that these are the things in my life that matter to me.
Lights Go On -- Part VIII -- Feeling Love Toward.... Dear Cells -- how often do I look at you and feel what you're doing?
The Mindfulness Miracle. The preachers of mindfulness are yoga instructors, therapists, and stress reduction psychologists and teachers. It is based on a very specific act that every human is capable of practicing
An 8-Minute Fat Loss Workout. It all begins with something called \Tabata training.\ If you want to learn how to lose fat fast with just eight minutes of exercises, then you'll definitely need to be familiar with this style of training.
Getting Back on Track After a Break. Start viewing your exercise regime as a part of your non-debatable routine, like combing your hair. The no-brainer stuff like brushing your teeth does not have to be rethought or reconsidered every time it's time to do it.
5 Top Congestion Fighters. Decongestants aren't for everyone though. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) does not recommend over-the-counter
5 Habits That Will Improve Your Emotional Wellness. Acquiring new habits isn't easy. But isn't it time we gave our emotional health the same tender loving care we typically afford our physical bodies?
A Week's Worth of Protein-Packed Breakfasts. All of these first meals provide at least 20 grams of high-quality protein, lots of fiber for added fullness and no more than 450 calories.
How A (Very) Little, Daily Favor Can Change Your Life. Even if you don't get a favor in return, you'll reap some big benefits. Giving has strong ties to longevity and happiness
At the Top of My Lungs. Waiting for each hair to go was like death by a thousand cuts.  So on the fifth day of the exodus my husband Harlan got the buzzer and the razor, and I was G.I. Jen.  Up to this point I hadn't felt like a sick person.  Now I looked in the mirror and saw Cancer Girl.
The Reason Why We Meditate. Every time we sit, we are becoming anchors for the truth of wow in the world. And who can say that their world and the world in general cannot use some wow to relieve all suffering?
25 Happiest, Healthiest Cities In America. It's not the rustic Nordic diet that catapulted the Twin Cities to heart-healthy superstardom. Credit city planners, local
Time Out Tip Of The Day. Need a time out? You're in luck. In honor of Bliss' Triple Oxygen Month, HuffPost's GPS for the Soul has teamed up with Bliss
What Your Income And Occupation Say About Your Sleep Habits. The survey also examined how particular occupations affect sleep habits. People in the legal profession, for example, were
Find Your Own Way. The human body has about 100 trillion cells (plus another 10 quadrillion microscopic critters hitching a ride, most of them
4 Emotional Intelligence Tips to Use at Work (And in the Kitchen!). Finding someone who can share their tales of resilience can give you an emotional boost. Wise words of advice and comfort can go a long way in helping you pick up the pieces and give it another try.
Diabetes Drug Safety. AstraZeneca and Bristol had already given headline results from the study in June, showing Onglyza did not increase heart
Henrietta Lacks' Genes and All of Yours?. Like Henrietta Lacks' family, millions of us will soon confront questions about our genomes.  We should learn as much as we can, and plan more carefully now, before it is too late.  Our genomic data may reveal aspects of our fate, but we can still potentially control how and when the information is used.
14 Days of Summer, a Meditation. Ice Cream
Labor Day Quotes. Also on the list? Spending some time to appreciate the real meaning behind the holiday. Find a few of our favorite labor
Saying Goodbye to Summer. Hi everyone! I hope you enjoyed my 14 days of summer meditations. For those of you who followed along, thank you. Even though
Taming Hatred With Insight. I suspect this is true not just of hatred, but also of all mental afflictions. If we are able to clearly perceive the nature
How Our Own Back-to-School Stress Harms Our Children. Rather than fight the crowds driving all over town for more \stuff,\ maybe it's better to take a walk with our kids and just talk about their future.
How To Bounce Back From Failure -- Over And Over Again. Rejection is rough, no matter how you slice it. But it's also an inescapable fact of life, and our ability to deal with failure
Stress Prompts Anxiety Because Of Immune Cells Recruited To Brain, Animal Study Shows. \In the absence of tissue damage, we have cells migrating to the brain in response to the region of the brain that is activated
Freekeh -- The Next Hot Supergrain. And if you compare the fiber content of freekeh to other grains, it blows them out of the water. And as anyone who has ever been on a diet can tell you, the more fiber you eat, the fuller you feel and the easier it is to lose weight.
Time Out Tip Of The Day. Need a time out? You're in luck. In honor of Bliss' Triple Oxygen Month, HuffPost's GPS for the Soul has teamed up with Bliss
What Makes Someone A Light Sleeper?. By Jennifer Warner Medically reviewed by Farrokh Sohrabi, M.D. For some people, the slightest noise awakens them at night
Technomyalgia? Tips to Relieve the Pain. Do you need pain relievers every day because you're sore from sitting and typing, texting or slouching? I've dubbed this new pain syndrome \technomyalgia,\ because it causes pain and muscle soreness.
I Lost Weight. I gained more weight throughout grade school, and my self-esteem continued to dip as a result. By the time I graduated from
Look Out, Your Hate is Showing. On Sunday night, I went to the True Colors concert tour stop in Dallas. It was like Gay Pride with better music. You could be as out as you want to be there with no need for worry. Or so I thought.
Exercise Intensity Matters More Than Duration In Keeping Weight Off. They found that even the people who engaged in the higher-intensity short bouts experienced benefits to their body mass index
Drinking Alcohol During Early Adulthood Raises Women's Breast Cancer Risk, Study Finds. \Parents should educate their daughters about the link between drinking and risk of breast cancer and breast disease,\ study
Alicia Keys Talks Inspiration, Family And Prayer With ORIGIN Magazine (PHOTOS). MP
What Education Has To Do With Making Lifestyle Changes In The Face Of A Medical Diagnosis. However, researchers found that in the face of a new diagnosis of a medical condition, the older a person got, the less likely
5 Tips To Slim Down Your Labor Day Burger. Buy the best
Choosing Solitude. It's easy to believe that our lives are too full for solitude. But the rewards of carving out time for yourself are great (just be careful that it doesn't feel like an obligation). Befriend yourself, and prioritize one-on-one time with that friend.
Time Out Tip Of The Day. Need a time out? You're in luck. In honor of Bliss' Triple Oxygen Month, HuffPost's GPS for the Soul has teamed up with Bliss
Too Little Sleep and Weight Gain? It's a Brain Thing. Does your appetite change when you're tired? If you're short on sleep, do you find yourself craving junk food and sweets? Turns out, this dynamic isn't just in your head. But it is in your brain.
5 Superfoods To Taste This September. How To Enjoy
You Need To Relax This Weekend. Here's How.. Unsure how to spend the coming days unplugged? HuffPost Healthy Living readers share some fantastic ways to enjoy their Labor
11 Simple Pleasures To Savor This Weekend. Gardening Icy treats Beach walks at dusk Grilling with family and friends Stargazing Refreshing runs along the lake \Watermelon
The Secret to Life. The life you lead is the life you leave. Think about the mark you leave on this earth
Cell Phones Could Capture More Accurate Picture Of Happiness In Relation To Environment. A challenge of conducting surveys, particularly ones where you're calling people in their homes and asking them about their
Healthy Breakfast Ideas. Bill Clinton The former president is one of veganism's biggest success stories. He cut out meat and dairy in 2010 and dropped
Why You Aren't Happy Right Now (And the Simple Fix). Part of self-growth is taking yourself in new and sometimes difficult directions, and the reason why we do that is because we are striving to achieve more out of life. It's perfectly normal to want more from life and have goals.
Sleep Deprivation Affects Face Appearance, Study Shows. The study is based on 10 people who had photographs taken of them at 2:30 p.m. after eight hours of sleep and after going
Could Camping Help Your Insomnia?. Researchers at the University of Colorado Boulder found that sleeping in the wilderness for one week reset circadian clocks, bringing them more in line with the natural solar day and night.
What Fast Food Restaurants Don't Tell You About Your Meal. \Calories and nutrition facts do not tell the story of your food,\ Sacks said. \The ingredient labels do to some extent, but
Study Finds Link Between Work Disengagement And Smoking. The data was controlled for income, gender, age, and education level. This means that those who were not committed in their
Our Biggest Hardships Can Lead to Our Happiest Days. Stay strong and persevere. Don't let the hardships steal your joy or purpose. Experience the sadness, anger or whatever emotions that need to be expressed, then ask for clarity and direction.
Health Blog Roundup. We love the refreshing taste of watermelon and all of the health benefits it boasts. But it's easy to get bored with that
A 'Backwards' Approach to Moving Forward. Maybe all 30-year-olds say that because they feel young and invincible and like the world is at their fingertips. For me, I need to know I have made the biggest effort I can make.
Stop Eating Frogs! Just Be Happy. Instead of fixating on how much you dread a task, and forcing yourself to do it first, try changing your mindset about the supposedly unpleasant thing you have to do. Decide in advance that performing that job will make you happy, then come up with a list of all the ways that will happen.
Dare to Be 100. I confess to a personal prejudice on this issue, as I had a relative die after intestinal bypass. The real issue of course
Make This Labor Day Weekend a Time to Relax, Renew and Recharge. As we head into the Labor Day weekend, many Americans are looking forward to some well-deserved time off and relaxation. From a health standpoint, nothing could be better, especially if you're one of those people who make a habit of burning the candle at both ends.
Does Facebook Make People Lonely? (VIDEO). Does spending all your time on social networks make you lonely? Matthias Mehl and his team performed the study with a group
Your Key to Serenity Right Now. Let go of the sense of wanting to change something and the unwanted pictures about it that you were holding in mind will dissolve, and then you'll courageously move into action to make the changes that are necessary.
WATCH. Tapping can sometimes bring up long-buried emotions, which is why I state that, before tapping along, folks must take full
These Unintentionally Profound Statements Reveal The Simplest Truths. In other instances, the most profound moments worth contemplating are mere accidents. Take Reddit commenter chubby_prince's
Oral Infections Causing More Hospitalizations. Left untreated, a serious tooth abscess can eventually kill. In 2007, Deamonte Driver, a 12-year-old boy in Maryland, died
Eating Whole Fruits Linked To Lower Diabetes Risk. \Our data further endorse current recommendations on increasing whole fruits, but not fruit juice, as a measure for diabetes
Sticking to Your Diet on Your Last Summer Weekend Getaway. While it's definitely harder to resist giving in to cravings while you're on the road and out of your comfort zone, it's certainly not impossible to eat healthy while you're on the go. All it takes is a little bit of planning and a lot of mindfulness!
Love Yourself -- Only Good Will Come of It!. When you love yourself you don't worry so much about showing your weaknesses, and this allows you to do, experience and learn so much more. It makes your life a richer one.
Here's What Happens When You Extend a Deadline. What happens when we move back deadlines? Research suggests we have a lot of difficulty using our newly-found time wisely. We wind up facing the same problem again -- only now we've gone an additional week, or month, or year without reaching an important goal.
GPS Guide. There you have it
Every Moment Is an Opportunity to Connect Mindfully. Communal tables are becoming quite popular in restaurants these days, and with that happening, we will be sharing more intimate space with one another as we dine, and who knows? We might meet a stranger who feels as familiar to us as some people we've known a lot longer.
The Law of Karma. The answer lies within your karma, a universal law that governs our world. Powerful well beyond the law of attraction, the law of karma encompasses your every deed. Karma is the accumulation of your thoughts, intentions, and actions, both good and bad.
10 New Steps to Getting Unstuck by Forgiving. \Giving forth\ is a powerful spiritual step of change. Reinforcing this emotional chapter of your journey will be important as your mind, body and spirit learn to function in a new way.
Shampoos Containing Carcinogen Lack Warning Label. When you hop in the shower, could you be scrubbing cancer-causing chemicals into your scalp? One Bay Area nonprofit is pursuing
5 Hacks To Optimize Your 3-Day Weekend. 2. Chill out with some tried-and-true de-stressors. \People are working at historic intensity, ever-connected and consumed
Spiritual Colonic. In the past few months, I have been taken to the mat by a sumo-wrestling opponent that had been leering at me from behind
Lifestyle Intervention Beats Diet for Weight Loss. I am a big advocate of focusing on progress, not perfection. It is important to take stock of the changes you've made so far and look at the big picture.
Mindfulness Could Prevent Teacher Burnout, Study Suggests. Teachers are certainly not the only people who can benefit from mindfulness strategies. A 2012 study in the International
Understanding Dementia. Sundowning is one of the many side effects of dementia that experts have yet to fully understand. However, many professionals believe that dementia may cause damage to the body's internal clock, which is why sundowning is so common.
7 Ways Your Daily Life Is Absolutely Disgusting. According to one survey, only one percent of people wearing contacts use proper hygiene, meaning there's a good chance you're
Fixing Obesity, Between Little Rock and Hard Places. I was privileged to be in rooms full of people passionate about the obesity challenges in Arkansas and prepared to work hard. Everyone around me seemed realistic about the challenges and was lacing up his or her hiking boots accordingly.
Hemingway, Thoreau, Jefferson and the Virtues of a Good Long Walk. Solvitur ambulando -- \it is solved by walking.\ This phrase refers to the 4th century Greek philosopher Diogenes's response to the question of whether motion is real -- he got up and walked. \It is solved by walking.\ As it turns out, there are many other problems to which walking is the solution. For instance
Jason Lee. Even from a distance, her beauty sings out. As we walk by her there is a silent greeting of the eyes. We continue walking another hundred feet or so to a big rock and begin to set up.
11 Things Science Shows Will Make You Happier Every Day. Did you know there are 11 ways we can make ourselves happier, and they are backed up by scientific research? Our team tried
14 Days of Summer, a Meditation. Make sure to come back tomorrow! The Road
Johnson & Johnson Joins Hunt For Dengue Fever Drug. By Ben Hirschler Last year Europe experienced its first sustained transmission of dengue fever since the 1920s with around
CDC Report. Have you taken a sleeping pill in the past month? If so, you've got plenty of company. In the past 30 days, approximately nine million adults in the United States -- that's 4 percent of the population -- used prescription medication to help their troubled sleep.
How to Become an 'Overnight Success'. The people who \come out of nowhere,\ triple their business \overnight\ or made some simple decisions and transformed their lives \nearly instantly\ were hard at work before any of us had any clue who they were.
Why Innovation Can Shape Health Care Just as Much as Politics. There is good news for patients. When we engage with the health care system, we no longer have to rely on the public sector. I believe we are seeing the blossoming of an exciting new era, where innovation, just as much as politics, can shape health care.
Making Your Body Your Temple. Your breath is the thread connecting pose to pose, stringing together the beads of your practice so that you can hold your intention in different ways, in different containers, seeing which form offers the most meaning for you today.
Sleeping Pill Use More Common Among Older Adults And Women, But Experts Point Out Risks. Top 10 Spooky Sleep Disorders 7 Strange Facts About Insomnia 5 Things You Must Know About Sleep Copyright 2013 LiveScience
FDA Probes Rare Brain Infection In Patient On Multiple Sclerosis Drug Gilenya. Tysabri is another multiple sclerosis (MS) drug associated with a high risk of PML. Demand for the drug has slowed due to
She Drives a Mercedes, He Rides a Harley. Psychologically healthier people are attracted to a prospective partner because of their \magnetic\ compatibility. Therefore, we must all strive to make our \human magnets\ healthier.
Body Clock Study Offers Clues To Possible Jet Lag Cure. (Reporting by Kate Kelland; Editing by Sonya Hepinstall) \We're still several years away from a cure for jet lag, but understanding
Tennis Elbow Not Exclusive to the Tennis Enthusiast. The competitive tennis player is at obvious overuse risk of stressing these tendons due to the nature of the sport involving gripping the racquet as well the impact of hitting the ball. However, many of my patients have never picked up a tennis racquet yet are diagnosed with this disorder.
The Best Workout Headphones Of 2013. Fit & Comfort
When Media Reports Distort Study Findings. What most people remember are the shocking headlines linking fish oil supplements to prostate cancer. To avoid falling into this trap in the future, ask the following questions when the next big scare comes along.
When the Reward Is the Experience. In other words, flow is the opposite of feeling bored, disconnected or meaningless -- all too common afflictions of modern life. Experts believe there is a direct relationship between flow experiences and well-being.
I Have a Dream, Too -- Here It Is. As mindful leaders, we are asked to be acutely aware of the present moment, which obviously begs the question
Proof That Fast Food Salads Are Anything But Healthy. Unreal Eats is Healthy Living's original video series, where we go behind calorie counts and health claims to examine what's
Self-Awareness Increases With Meditation. There's no right or wrong way to meditate. Anything you do to help connect you to your inner self is a step in the right direction. Be gentle and loving to yourself and all will be revealed.
Life Lessons From 'The Wonderful Wizard Of Oz' (PHOTOS). \'You people with hearts,' he said, 'have something to guide you, and need never do wrong.'\ Photo
Promoting Health as Love. Health is the feeling that everything is all \right\ in balance, and at its most vibrant best. For health care providers, this means a patient who has the \right\ numbers in support of an active, positive life.
Dispositional Attitude Identified By Researchers. Now, researchers from the University of Pennsylvania and the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign have pinpointed what
How Happiness Changes as We Age. If you're like me, and you find that your life has become more about pursuing peace and relaxation than giddy excitement, rest assured that you aren't missing out on happiness. Your happiness has evolved, just as you have.
9 Ways to Incorporate Tea Into Your Day. Antioxidant- and vitamin-rich tea has a slew of health and wellness benefits. Whether sipping an electrolyte-filled rooibos blend or a metabolism-boosting green, a daily cuppa does the mind and body good.
Dare to Live Greatly. \The bottom line is that vulnerability is scary and it feels really dangerous, but it's not nearly as dangerous or scary as spending your life on the outside looking in and wondering, 'What if I had chosen to show up?'\
Transforming Three Statements in Health Care Into Messages of Empowerment. We have embraced new technologies, processes, and increased administrative oversight that has left us with unfounded expectations in the delivery of efficient health care. We have believed in process over patient.
Can You Medicate Meditation?. There are no absolute recipes for working with the issue of taking medications. In making choices on our path, it's important to ask ourselves whether or not they will serve awakening and freedom. Our best answers are found by honestly looking into our intentions.
Why I'm Not Thrilled About That New Antioxidant Study. I didn't stop taking supplements because an epidemiological study showed an \association\ of antioxidants with greater mortality, and I'm not taking more of them because this new epidemiological study shows the opposite \association.\
The Importance Of Being A Good Listener (VIDEO). \Say, 'Wait, is what you mean thus and such?' The other person can know whether what they spoke was what you actually heard
Expectations Could Influence Placebo Effects. When it comes to providing pain relief, expectations can be a powerful prescription. That's part of the theory behind the
New MERS Cases In Saudi Arabia Bring Global Total To 102. Additionally, a person with a previously laboratory-confirmed case from the United Arab Emirates has died, it said. In a
Living Well, According To Some Of The Wisest People Who Ever Lived. Ralph Waldo Emerson Feminist thinker Simone de Beauvoir -- the longtime partner of Jean-Paul Sartre -- believed that caring
How Well Do You Face the Trials and Tribulations of Your Life?. Have you noticed that it isn't so much what happens to you that determines the quality of your life, but rather how well you deal with your life? It's about what goes on inside of you that matters far more than how you measure up to some external measurement of success.
Salmonella In Spices Prompts Changes In Farming. The United States Food and Drug Administration will soon release a comprehensive analysis that pinpoints imported spices
Migraines Linked To Structural Changes In Brain. The study, published in the journal Neurology, is based on six population-based studies and 13 clinic-based studies. Researchers
The Big Picture. I am 41 days out from my allogeneic stem cell transplant. I did my best to prepare. I knew it would be brutal. I now have to admit I hadn't a clue what I was to face.
One Single Surprising Habit of Happy People. Happy people know that life is an obvious miracle.  You too can see life in this way once you train yourself to notice wonder.  So open your eyes, practice gratitude habits regardless of your circumstances, and watch the happy moments in your life multiply.
Stress Could Undermine Emotion Control Strategies, Study Suggests. Then, the researchers taught the study participants strategies (similar to those used in cognitive behavioral therapy) to
How Yoga Can Improve Intimacy. A new relationship is exciting in and of itself. It is a period of enticement which can last anywhere from three to six months. After this time of being on a blissful high, then what? You might ask yourself, do you really like yourself?
Personal Boundary. Researchers applied the electrical stimulus to the hands of the study participants at 4 centimeters, 20 centimeters, 40 centimeters
These 12 Quotes Will Give You An Instant Confidence Boost, Guaranteed (PHOTOS). The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
What You Don't Know About Sunglasses Could Hurt You. Any health savvy person knows by now that one of the best ways to protect your body from harmful UV rays is to slather on
Gut Bacteria Diversity Linked With Weight, Study Suggests. \Even lean people who are poor in bacterial species have a higher risk of developing these pathologies,\ study researcher
Anthrax Deadly Because Its Toxins Damage Liver And Heart. Follow LiveScience on Twitter @livescience. We're also on Facebook & Google+. To track down which cells anthrax targeted
Which State Has The Most Car Accidents?. The report, released Tuesday, surveyed Allstate insurance claims over 2011 and 2012 in 200 of the United States' largest
Why Criticizing Others Is a Lot More Harmful Than You Think. When you throw negative energy at another human being, you are hurting him or her, whether you realize it or not. At the same time, you are throwing negative energy out into the universe for yourself. What you put out is what you get back.
Low Inflammation May Be Why Some People Who Are Obese Are Metabolically Healthy. The new research, published in the Journal of Clinical Endocrinology & Metabolism, is based on data from 2,040 people between
How to Get More Out of Giving. Giving is the antidote to stress. And while writing a check or zipping funds through the Internet is fantastic and a great way to support causes close to you in an expedient way, don't overlook the value of giving to those you feel personally connected to.
Time for... Change?. If you can put into your mind that there is no mountain too big to climb, you can start making changes to get there. All it takes is your realization that you need to start the process.
Transforming Food Deserts and Swamps to Fight Obesity. Hopefully, as the problem of food deserts and swamps gains greater recognition, communities will implement innovative and creative solutions. The USDA's Healthy Food Financing Initiative should focus on supporting this kind of innovation in communities across the country.
Oklahoma Surgical Center Reveals Prices, Gives Patients Choice. In most industries, prices are posted online, but in the medical field it can be almost impossible to get a procedure's price
The Search for Intimacy, 'In-To-Me-See'. Good sex is about a mutual appreciation and attraction in the moment, but\u00a0great\u00a0sex is about loving one another's imperfections and a real desire for heightened energy and a deeper connection.
Who Has the Time?. Here's something that might surprise you, and I find it to be true across the board -- people who are both successful at what they do for a living and contribute positively to the lives of others have plenty of time on their hands.
6 Truths About Exercise That Nobody Wants to Believe. What got you here won't get you there. If you want to see different results, you have to do something different. If you want to see progress each week, then you have to progress each week.
Stress Gene Activation Linked With Breast Cancer Spread In New Study. The study, conducted in mice with breast cancer, was published in the Journal of Clinical Investigation. \It's like what
Positive Attitudes Toward Healthy Eating Linked To Diet Quality. Never underestimate the power of positive thinking, especially when it comes to your diet. In fact, having a positive attitude
Staying Close. My new book of poems, Reduced to Joy, has just been published. For the next few months, I'd like to share poems from the new book with you.
How to Scream for Help. As soon as we give up hope that we can save ourselves from ourselves, as soon as we're willing to put down our pride and cry out for rescue, God shows up in a yellow shirt. And we are saved.
Google Glass Used To Livestream ACL Surgery. The procedure was livestreamed to a group of medical students, who watched on laptops, and to Dr. Robert Magnussen, an assistant
You Are a Genius. There are genius nurses, genius firemen, genius parents and genius accountants. Genius relates to the how even more than to the what. When we bring light to the world -- when our actions increase beauty, truth and love -- we know that we're following our genius.
What To Expect At Your First CrossFit Workout. It's Not Going To Be That Intense Right Off The Bat When you hear about injuries due to CrossFit, at least some of the danger
Your Intuition Is Your Answer. It is hard to stay quiet and wait. We want something to grasp in order to feel in control of our lives. Waiting is painful. In the lull, we are presented with all of our fears, and we have no choice but to feel and experience them.
Do the Best Work of Your Life or Get Your $#*! Together. While something was off for a long time, it was as close as I could get at the time.  If you're not there, start by getting closer to what you love.  Small steps towards a new direction now drastically changes where your journey ends.
The Simple Habits Of Happy People (VIDEO). While there's no one-size-fits-all prescription for happiness (though it does seem we're getting closer), there are some
Kidney Stone Risk May Be Rising Among Women, Study Suggests. Recently, a study in the Clinical Journal of the American Society of Nephrology showed that regularly drinking sugary beverages
How to Actually Start Loving Yourself, Part One. Outside validation is not enough. Every relationship unravels if we don't truly stand for our own value. We just can't expect that someone to create that center of self-love for us.
Early Morning Meditation. Today I will find peace in chaos. Love within fear. Beauty in the ordinary. Forgiveness in expectations. Gratitude for the struggles. Generosity in the face of lack. Plenty in not enough. Joy in sorrow. Simplicity in the complex. Movement within inertia.
How Do You Celebrate When You Reach A Fitness Goal?. New tattoo. --Markie See Wearing my size 6 pants again and going for a long walk without running out of breath. --June Newbery
How To Relax In Under A Minute (PHOTOS). Lie down flat on the floor and close your eyes. Take in two to three deep breaths and let them out completely, very slowly
Healthy Habits. The American Heart Association and the Robert Wood Johnson have come together as partners in a new initiative -- Voices for Healthy Kids --  to engage, organize and mobilize people to improve the health of their communities and reverse the childhood obesity epidemic.
Colorful Vegetables Could Lower Women's Bladder Cancer Risk. However, there were no associations between fruit, vegetable or nutrient intake and bladder cancer for men. \Our study supports
5 Ways to Help a Depressed Friend. Clearly, there are limits to what a friend can do and how involved you can be, but helping a friend with severe depression get treated can mean the difference between life and death.
Chief Health Officers, Women, Are In Pain. Taking an inventory on several health risks for American women in 2013 paints a picture of pain
Why Do We Sleepwalk? (VIDEO). Even though it's relatively common -- nearly one in three people will sleepwalk at some point in their lives -- sleepwalking
A Lesson From the Dalai Lama. The Dalai Lama's message is that by allowing yourself to experience those negative feelings, you begin understand them and figure out how to transform them.  Don't drown or ignore or block the negative feelings, but use them to move forward.  Keep working on it.
Deadly MERS Mystery Maybe Solved. Even if we find the MERS virus living naturally in bats, we do not know how the bug gets into humans -- and luckily it's an extremely rare event.
Postcards From Lebanon. As I write this I am still in the hospital with only 65 neutrophils to go from being released, which I'm hoping will be Saturday
7 Crazy Weight-Loss Methods You Should Never Try. Stimulants Throughout my years specializing in weight loss and disordered eating, I've seen many women and men fall into
Don't Call on Me, Please!. Whenever I catch myself reverting to a place of doubt, I latch onto certain markers like my therapist's feedback as a reminder that my thoughts do indeed have their rightful place and that somebody somewhere is interested in what I have to say.
Measles Outbreak Hits Texas Church That Preached Against Vaccines. Pearsons sought to clarify her position on vaccines in an Aug. 15 release, stating, \The concerns we have had are primarily
3 Ways Meditation Helps You Deal With Adversity. Meditation can be a tool that anchors us to the inner side of life, the side that is beyond the ups and downs of change, that is eternal, timeless and untouched.
At the Top of My Lungs. In the first weeks of treatment, I had few side effects apart from fatigue. I thought perhaps I had dodged a bullet and would skate through without much discomfort. It would be clear in the coming weeks just what a tough battle this would be, and the best weight for me was my fighting weight.
Is Happiness Preventive Medicine?. Happiness is a treatment we can all prescribe for ourselves and watch as it truly does take center stage in our life.
Joy Works. Most of the time work is not life or death! So go ahead, do something for yourself today that brings you joy. The work will wait.
Breast Lesions Classified As 'Probably Benign' Rarely Turn Out To Be Cancer, Study Finds. Daniel B. Kopans, MD, professor of radiology at Harvard Medical School and senior radiologist of the Breast Imaging Division
MRI For Low Back Pain Linked To Additional Medical Treatment, Costs. Approximately 30 percent of the patients who received an MRI early had a lumbar radiograph, which is a kind of x-ray, within
Who Am I? How Crisis Reframes Our Identity. I'd rather define myself as \someone who loves storytelling, who sees God in a redwood grove, who believes dogs have beautiful souls, who is quick with a laugh or a hug, who has forgiven more times than I've been hurt.\
The Best And Worst Exercises To Do When You Have A Cold. If you're feeling under the weather, exercise may be the last thing you feel like doing -- and it's true that when your body's
4 Steps to Mindfully Ride the Ebb of Life. Given that genuine inner happiness fluctuates, it's important to be mindful as you ride on the rim of that ever-turning wheel, rather than hold on to the misconception that life and happiness are static.
How To Experience True Quiet (And Why You'll Want To). So, what is this magical balm to the daily noise? The answer
Bren\u00e9 Brown On Why Courage, Vulnerability And Authenticity Have To Be Practiced (PHOTOS). BB
Twitter Could Shed Light On Dietary Habits, Reasons For Eating. University of Arizona researchers asked 50 study participants, between ages 18 and 30, to tweet everything that they ate
Does Your Job Pose Hazards to Your Sleep?. Given the scope of the role that work plays in our lives, we don't pay nearly enough attention to the impact of our jobs on our health -- and in particular, our sleep.
5 Ways to Eat Like a 'Normal' Person (That Dieters Just Don't Get). And after years of studying, I've discovered the fundamental mentalities of \normal\ eaters that are keeping you from freedom with food. Buckle up.
How To Train Your Brain To See What Others Don't. Questioning contradictions is another path to epiphanies. Whereas curiosity makes us wonder, contradiction causes us to doubt
Strategy-Based Video Games, Like Starcraft, Improve Brain's 'Cognitive Flexibility'. Plus, researchers found that \the volunteers who played the most complex version of the video game performed the best in
How Long Is The Average Night's Sleep Around The World?. But with a number of cultures falling prey to an around-the-clock work schedule, how do we make time for sleep? China recorded
New Gene Therapy May Help Heart Attack Survivors. A recent study in Nature Communications showed the initial steps toward creating an entirely new heart that could start beating
How To Actually Be A Good Listener. By Laura McMullen for U.S. News Break those habits. Now that you're aware of poor listening habits, identify when you do
How a Dog Saved My Life. I have heard over and over again that training dogs gives them a sense of purpose and security, but I have found that the same is true for the owner. While Henri is not yet an official therapy dog, she is my therapy dog.
HuffPost Workouts. Nicki Minaj and Rihanna's song \Fly\ is all about winning and flying, exactly what I want to do when I get on the track. Wale's \Ambition\ keeps me setting my goals higher and higher, and Beyonce is my absolute favorite.
Do You Use Mental Techniques? Here's Why They're Not Working. If you forego the mental strategy (and avoid adding more thought), your head will empty, insights arise, and you will feel better. After all, you, like all human beings, are designed to regulate to clarity without effort.
Confidence Is the New Skinny. I look good with my clothing on. I'm happy. I'm healthy. And I can take flights of stairs without sounding like a locomotive. All things I'd never thought would be a reality for me in this lifetime. Do you really think I'm going to spend an ounce of energy lamenting loose skin?
9 Ingredients That Make Any Dish Healthier. Kelp As Greatist recently reported, seaweed may be the healthiest food you aren't eating. Kelp, a type of brown seaweed, is
Of Lyme Disease, and Lemonade. Lyme is common, but no more so now than before this report -- this is simply recognition of what has been, not a portent of some new threat to come.
How To Guarantee Your Workout Is Always Working. Whether you've just found the inspiration to start exercising or you just want to change up your routine, the sheer volume
Why Loneliness Is So Dangerous To Health. Loneliness is not just making us sick, it is killing us. Loneliness is a serious health risk. Studies of elderly people and
Lose The Spandex. Above
Why Creating Boundaries Is the Key to Healthy Living. Lately, every time I have a conversation with someone the topic of boundaries comes up. Most of the time it is because people
Early Balding May Raise Risk Of ALS, Study Finds. One possible mechanism for a link between ALS and early balding may involve a protein called the androgen receptor, a protein
Gender Reassignment Surgery. Will Manning get treatment? Follow Marc Lallanilla on Twitter and Google+. Follow us @livescience, Facebook & Google+. Original
Are The Recently Approved Anti-Obesity Drugs Dangerous? Experts Weigh In On Safety Of Belviq, Qsymia. Did the Food and Drug Administration push through dangerous drugs due to influence from big pharma? That's the question that
Volunteering Could Boost Happiness, Decrease Depression And Help You Live Longer. \How Volunteering Can Lessen Depression and Extend Your Life\ originally appeared on Everyday Health. - Any activity is good
Eating Disorders in DSM-5. Given that eating disorders cause pronounced psychological distress and physical, even life-threatening harm, we expect the changes to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders to prove critical for many people.
Beauty Sleep Is the New Black. Across the board, women who report consistent poor sleep had increased signs of aging; low self-perceived attractiveness. Other studies show that others perceive people who are sleep deprived as less healthy and less attractive.
Health Blog Roundup. Frozen Greek yogurt seems like the perfect dessert -- yummy and healthy, right?! Beware of the buzzwords. SparkPeople investigated
Sleep-Texting Becoming An Alarming Trend, Experts Say. \Sleep is a very important restorative process,\ Dr. Josh Werber, a sleep and snoring specialist, told US News. \And when
Worthless Fitness Tips You Probably Follow. Click here to see 12 Worthless Fitness Tips You Probably Follow It's not always clear where we've acquired fitness knowledge
'Don't Just Do Something, Stand There!'. We must bring back the art of medicine and the art of healing and treat all of our patients with a \listening infusion.\
6 Things You Probably Didn't Know About Avocados. 3. They'll Ripen More Quickly With A Banana Or An Apple Around Speaking of bananas! The yellow fruit -- as well as apples
How To Unplug Without Ignoring Your Friends. \We were having dinner with a bunch of friends at The Meatball Shop in the West Village. We looked around and pretty much
Stretch Mark-Associated Genes Identified By Researchers. The research, published as a letter to the editor in the Journal of Investigative Dermatology, shows that there are four
Chronic Alcohol Exposure Affects Behavior Control In The Brain, Mouse Study Suggests. Recently, a Centers for Disease Control and Prevention report showed that excessive alcohol use cost states a median of $2.9
You Still Alive? Prove It. Pay to suffer? Happily choose discomfort, electric shock, hypothermia, foul mud, getting smacked in the face by a giant, padded pole by a leering race employee at the finish line, just for the hell of it? Just for a great profile pic? What sort of masochism is this?
Dare to Be 100, Fit and Fat. But Ma lived 95 healthy years. I think she lived this long not in spite of her weight, but because of it. She died nobly because she was fit.
You Can't Predict the Future, Which Should Make You Very Happy. The future is uncertain, so be happy now, regardless of your bad day, week or year.  Next time you can't find a parking spot, or miss a plane, or have your plans hindered, before you get mad, remember that this could be the best thing that ever happens to you
The Most Amazing Fountains From Around The World (PHOTOS). The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Medical Issues For Transgender People Go Beyond Surgery. Pfc. Bradley Manning's announcement Thursday that he intends to live the rest of his life as a woman comes at a time of tremendous
Successful Relationships Include 'Me' and 'We'. In every romantic relationship, there are three relationships going on. There is the relationship I have with myself, the relationship my partner has with himself and the relationships that exists between my partner and I.
The Deadline as Catharsis. There's something so beautifully simple about a deadline. It's a thing you don't experience much in most of your life
Seeking Longevity? Eat Real Food. While these healthful groups of people may appear to have widely different diets, there is one common thread
Happiness Increases From Giving When There's A Social Connection, Study Shows. However, some of the participants were randomly assigned to the \high-social connection\ condition, where the research assistant
Cuban Happiness on the Other Side of Turkey. I marveled at this university professor turned high school math teacher who saw no lack but viewed her life rich in every way. A challenging past equipped her to enjoy the fullness of the present.
The One Easy Daily Habit That Makes Life More Awesome. Twenty years ago, I picked up what turned out to be a stubborn habit. During a particularly angsty time in seventh grade
Stress Affecting Majority Of Workers On A Regular Basis, Survey Shows. By
3 Things to Do Now to Change Your Health and Life for Good. By betting on your voice within and acting on what must change, by starting a daily reflective practice like meditation and by eliminating one toxic substance in your diet, you find you are a person capable of healthy changes.
Is BMI Really The Best Gauge Of Health?. One of the most accurate ways to measure--as opposed to just estimating--the amount of fat in a person's body is to calculate
Goodbye, Crunches. Hello, Flat Abs!. The same exercises that deliver firm, flat abs to my postnatal clients have also worked wonders to help my male clients -- including athletes and body builders -- to repair separated abs for tighter six-packs and narrower waists.
Dolphins That Remind Us Never To Stop Playing. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Testosterone. We now know much more about hormones and the male body. But for most men, hormones are still a mystery.
The Case For Making Adult Hospitals More Like Children's Hospitals. By
To Lose Weight, Forget The Word 'Diet,' Two Experts Argue. 7 Biggest Diet Myths Dieters, Beware
Seaweed. It's also worth remembering that if the water the seaweed comes from is contaminated (with, say, toxic metals or arsenic
China Bird Flu Analysis Finds More Virus Threats Lurking. \The study identifies the route of adaptation (for H7N9) from migratory birds to local waterfowl to poultry in live markets
Your Identity Matters. We can create ideas, innovate, and become competitive in a shorter time than ever before.  The world is a collection of unlimited wealth and resources; the question is how we make those resources relevant to who we are.  The more we have, the more we can give.
Schizophrenia Symptoms Linked With Faulty 'Switch' In Brain, Study Finds. The team is looking at an experimental treatment technique called transcranial magnetic stimulation, or TMS, which uses a
The Introvert Strikes Back? The Newfound Cool of Being Introverted. It's almost as if after years of being in the closet, the introvert is coming out with a vengeance. And it's almost cool to be a little bit of an introvert.
Insulin For Alzheimer's? Intranasal Treatment Could Prove Promising. \The patent office said that they didn't believe that it would work, that I couldn't patent it because it didn't makes sense
New Findings On How Cochlea Amplifies Sound Could Lead To Better Hearing Aids. The team, led by Elizabeth Olson, a biomedical engineer of Columbia University, used sensors that simultaneously measured
The Job of Life. Steve Jobs' greatest gift to us might not be having the Internet in a small glass square in our pocket, but rather, his reminder to look down at our own feet and make sure they are moving in the same direction as our own heart and inner vision.
Carbon Monoxide May Seep Through Drywall, Lead To Poisoning. Some homeowners may not be as protected against carbon monoxide as they think, new research suggests. A research letter published
Thousands Of Doctors Practicing Despite Errors, Misconduct. Dr. Greggory Phillips was a familiar figure when he appeared before the Texas Medical Board in 2011 on charges that he'd
Heavy Traffic Pollution, Wood Fire Smoke May Worsen Asthma Symptoms. The study, published in the journal Respirology, included 1,383 adults, age 44, who were part of the Tasmanian Longitudinal
The Suprising Story Behind the World's Most Expensive Violin. Ask yourself what accomplishments in your life would give you the most spiritual satisfaction. Use your answers as a guidepost each day to ensure that you give your best to achieve these personal aspirations in your life.
23 Signs You're Secretly An Introvert. 11. You're in a relationship with an extrovert. \u201cLet's clear one thing up
Glucagon, Appetite-Regulating Hormone, May Not Work Properly In Obese People, Study Suggests. The lean participants experienced greater feelings of fullness after receiving the glucagon, as did the participants with
Families From TLC's 'My 40-Year-Old Child' Share Stories Of Kids Who Don't Age (VIDEO). Attending to the special needs of their children certainly present unique challenges, but the families are working to look
The Truth About Sleep, Science And Productivity. Is five hours of sleep enough? Are you screwed if you get less than eight hours? And what about naps? Bridging the yawning
Backpack And Book Bag Safety Rules. Have you seen the amount of homework kids have and the size of their book bags? I've gone through some of the most recent research and ideas on backpack safety for kids, as well as the treatment for injuries related to carrying these heavy bags.
Resisting The Siren Call Of the Screen. As I type these lines, my daughter, Harriet, who is 14, is on her iPhone skipping among no fewer than eight social media
Why Are We So Afraid of Silence?. I'm sitting in a nice resort in Chesapeake bay. Before me, the sun is setting and the sky is glorious. If there were no Muzak
See What's Likable. Your brain continually tracks whether something is pleasant, unpleasant, or neutral. In essence, is it a carrot, a stick, or safely ignored? Naturally, we like -- we enjoy -- what's pleasant, dislike what's unpleasant, and wish what's neutral would get pleasant pronto.
12 Words Of Wisdom From Your Morning Cup Of Tea. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Returning To Visit Doctor After Hospital Stay Pays Off After Heart Failure, Study Finds. Researchers at the University of Alberta used databases tracking 24,373 patients who were admitted for first-time heart failure
Failure Makes You a Winner. There are drawbacks to the hero's journey, of course. Once you've faced down a particularly difficult challenge, you will have grown so much you might hardly recognize yourself. But the advantages to developing grit are great, and the \boon\ is almost certainly worthwhile.
Good Office Posture Made Easy (VIDEO). But just because you've got a desk, doesn't mean your job has to harm you. As this instructional video from Flikli attests
15 Must-Read Trainers Rocking The Web In 2013. In an age of blogs, vlogs and social media, it's easier than ever for a person to broadcast their thoughts to a worldwide
You're Just 5 Minutes Away From Being Anxiety-Free (WATCH). You won't need to retreat to an isolated mountain to reap the benefits of meditation. Just two, quick episodes of meditation
Copper Could Play Role In Alzheimer's Development, Study Suggests. However, it's important to note that \copper is an essential metal and it is clear that these effects are due to exposure
Conch Shells -- Another Reason to Love the Beach. Keep in mind that everything around us consists of energy. That energy helps us more intensely sense the awareness of life than our normal five senses afford us. You can find this awareness in the simplest of forms, like that of a conch shell on a stretch of beach.
Three Intentions. While it's often easier to throw something out rather than repair it, we lose our depth of relationship to the things we touch. We lose the human history of objects and tools and the presence they accumulate for moving through many lives.
Trauma-Sensitive Yoga Therapy in Practice. Are you a yoga instructor giving back to underserved or un-served populations? Email rschware@gmail.com if you're interested
The Difference Between Natural and Chemically-Induced Sleep. In recent years studies have begun to link chronic partial sleep deprivation to serious physical health consequences. Regularly catching only a few hours of sleep can hinder metabolism and alters hormone production in a way that is similar to the effects of aging.
11 Tips For Conquering Your Gym Anxiety. Find one machine that feels like an easygoing, comforting warm-up. Start there each time. --Zan LeStat Ferris Check out a
Right Brain, Left Brain? Scientists Debunk Popular Theory. Researchers looked for something called \lateralization,\ which is the idea that certain mental processes occur mainly in
Spouse's Chronic Pain Could Hurt Partner's Sleep. \Compromised sleep caused by exposure to a loved one's suffering may be one pathway to spousal caregivers' increased risk
14 Days of Summer, A Meditation. Make sure to come back tomorrow! For more from Maria Rodale, go to www.mariasfarmcountrykitchen.com. Fruit
You Eat Like a Girl. I don't get it. Since when is doing what's easy, as opposed to doing what's right, the definition of masculinity?
A Simple Tea Meditation. For more on meditation, click here. We\u2019re not talking hours here. Try 10 minutes and see how you feel. It doesn\u2019t need to
At the Top of My Lungs. I don't care if my hair grows back in 50 shades of gray. I might throw a cap on if my head gets cold, but no precarious headgear for me. Life is too short to worry about your hair blowing away in the wind.
BPA, Phthalates Linked With Teen Obesity, Insulin Resistance. Email Bahar Gholipour or follow her @alterwired. Follow LiveScience @livescience, Facebook & Google+. Original article on
Boston Bombing Injuries. Email Bahar Gholipour or follow her @alterwired. Follow LiveScience @livescience, Facebook & Google+. Original article on
Success and Leaps of Faith. Having passed what he thought was one of the greatest challenges, Indie now comes to the end of the cave's special tunnel
10 Of The Worst Diet Tips Ever. By Stephanie Castillo for Prevention.com You know you can't believe everything you read. And still, you haven't eaten an
365 Invocations to Create an Extraordinary Life. Here are your first week's invocations to return you to yourself so you can clear the way inside to invoke the clearest vision of your life. When you are relaxed, breathe and say out loud the first day's invocation. Take it in and sit with your feelings. Breathe and do it again.
5 Rules for Proper Yoga Class Etiquette. When it's getting close to the end of class and it is time to stretch, please do not decide that in lieu of stretching you'd like to do arm balances that cause you to flop all over and fall on your neighbors who are in pigeon pose.
Soothe Hot Tempers With a Dose of Forgiveness. In between enjoying a dip in the pool to cool off and getting involved in a road rage incident because the hot weather has your temper soaring, set aside some time to release and forgive. Your mental health will thank you for it!
Foot Foreign Bodies. Watch your step when barefoot, because anything sharp -- from nails to snails -- can get stuck in your foot. Punctures and foreign bodies of the foot are serious and can lead to limb- and life-threatening infections.
How Singing With Others and 'Imperfect Harmonies' Makes You Happier and Healthier. Want to make new friends, exercise your brain and memory and reduce stress? All these health and well-being benefits come from something simple, practical and ageless
Stress-Busting Exercise. Peace comes from both the environment that we take in and what we manifest through our thoughts and actions. The more you become aware of both, the more capable you can be at directing yourself into peace and balance.
'Death and Dying' Is Trending. Despite the commercialization that appropriates the new candor toward death and dying, it is still a positive sign that Americans are more willing to exchange euphemism for an honest acknowledgement of the end of life.
Yoga. Do you get overwhelmed by the idea of committing to a lifelong spiritual practice? When we think about this work in relation to our fast-paced lives, it can not only seem daunting to set out on this path but completely absurd.
Owning Our Emotional Baggage in Relationships. I do think that open communication is helpful and necessary in any and all relationships (especially romantic relationships), but I also don't agree that sharing every tiny detail of feelings is necessary either.
Be Fearless. Your beliefs are powerful. If you believe something is impossible, that belief will erode your confidence and turn that impossible belief into a self-fulfilling prophecy.
Exercise Is Medicinal. My advice for a healthy life is to get out and be active. Think of it as investing in what I call a \health pension\ -- investment in your health now for the years ahead. It could be the best thing you can do for your future.
Adult Obesity Rates Remain High but Held Steady. After decades of bad news, we're finally seeing signs of progress. Recently, we found that obesity rates remained level in every state except for one in the past year.
Many With Dementia Face Sleeplessness. A great deal of emphasis has been placed on helping those with dementia overcome their sleeplessness. While a full night of rest is important for any person in order to stay healthy, focused and energized, it is even more crucial that those with dementia are getting a full night of sleep.
Do You Think Willpower Is A Limited Resource? What That Might Mean For You. \We teach them about willpower -- that it is a self-generating thing, that the longer you wait and the harder you try, the
Indoor Tanning Common Among White Teen Girls, Study Finds. Among white women ages 18 to 34, about 25 percent said they had engaged in indoor tanning in the last year, and 15 percent
10 Things You Didn't Know About The Endangered Tiger (PHOTOS). For more GPS Guides, click here. GPS Guides are our way of showing you what has relieved others' stress in the hopes that
High Cholesterol Riskier For Men's Heart Attack Risk. Researchers found that high cholesterol seemed to enhance the risk of heart attack for men more than for women. However, they
Adherence To Dietary Guidelines For Americans Could Keep Pancreatic Cancer Risk Low. \As shown with the findings from [Hannah] Arem et\u00a0al., food based indices such as the HEI may provide a superior and more
Managing Stress When You're a Caregiver. Caregiving is never an easy undertaking, but if you thoughtfully and heartfully manage the stress that can come with it -- or in making decisions around it -- you can actually enjoy the honor that it is to help that special someone who needs you now more than ever.
How I Left the Room Without My Phone and Lived to Tell the Tale. We don't just have devices -- we have a collective digital rash. And we keep scratching. We're not just connected, we're inflamed by our hyper-reachability.
What America Isn't Doing That The Rest Of The World Has Mastered. During the warmer months, small villages and towns in Greece turn to the daily tradition of volta (translated as stroll or
Kale Competitors. Source
Why The Snooze Button Is The Worst Invention Ever (VIDEO). Most of us are very familiar with that feeling of desperation when the alarm goes off in the morning. Our bodies seem to
Obesity Death Toll Heavier Than Previously Thought. Now might be the perfect time of year to go outside and get some exercise, especially if your excuses for avoiding outdoor
Jennifer Aniston's Yoga Teacher, Mandy Ingber, On How The Star Stays Cool, Calm And Collected. Yes, you can do a seated pigeon position by just crossing your ankle over your knee, which will stretch the outer hip. Also
14 Days of Summer, A Meditation. Summer is the season of flowers. We enjoy them for their outrageous beauty. We give them as gifts to show gratitude, love, and appreciation. But why do flowers exist? Why do they bloom in summer?
Exercise Could Improve Brain Functioning Among People With HIV. The study, published in the Journal of NeuroVirology, included 335 people with HIV. The participants were asked how much
Poor Sleep in Pregnancy Can Lead to Complications at Birth. Sleeping well during pregnancy is a challenge -- but it doesn't have to be impossible. For many women, it may mean taking some extra time and paying extra attention in order to protect both quantity and quality of sleep as a pregnancy progresses.
HuffPost Workouts. I dug around the rest of my music library and realized this \can't stop, won't stop\ mentality is actually pretty regular for me. Here are a few others I like, although I hadn't necessarily run to all of them. Now, thanks to my brand new Can't Stop, Won't Stop playlist, I sure will.
Keeping the Junk Out of Your Life. A clean diet will make you look better and feel better on the road to a happier and healthier life.
Banish Bad Energy From Everyday Life. Though our moods fluctuate naturally, they should never flare up or plummet due to the negative influences of others. We must remember that, ultimately, feeling good begins within us, meaning we have to work hand in hand with our inner emotions to stay balanced.
Is It My Turn Yet? 4 Reasons Your Dreams Haven't Manifested. When you feel you've done everything you can think of, you've planted all the seeds necessary, but are still waiting around to reap the harvest, it's hard not to get discouraged. Here are four reasons why your dreams still haven't manifested and how you can kick them into high gear!
What's Happening In Your Brain When You Trip And Fall. The findings from the University of Michigan show that there's a lag between our brain registering that we're about to fall
How To Really Work Out Your Brain -- And Why You'll Want To. You know (if you even read one out of every 10 of our columns) that we believe daily exercise is next to tooth brushing and
High Fiber Breakfast (That Isn't Cereal!). Instead, we'd like to recommend a handful of easy, delicious, fill-you-up breakfasts that don't give you a day's worth of
What Is Confidence, Really?. When you're \owning it,\ it means that you're totally and completely at peace with who you are in every moment, interaction and experience. You make no apologies for being awkward, nervous, excited, loud, soft spoken or other... you're just you.
5 Essential Questions to Lead You to Your Calling. There is an underlying and maybe sometimes not so underlying question, which is in all of us
Are Doctors Being Trained Enough To Treat Chronic Pain?. \Pain is the most common reason a patient sees a physician. For most patients, the duration of pain is short,\ study researcher
40 Years Later, Relearning That Sometimes Less Is More in Breast Cancer. Given the toll treatment can take, every woman should be able to make her own decisions about her health care based on her values and priorities -- and to do so women need access to independent evidence-based data to inform their decisions.
8 Instances When It's Absolutely Inappropriate To Meditate. When you're holding up traffic Photo
The Best Foods For Runners. In fact, says Liz Applegate, Ph.D., director of sports nutrition at the University of California Davis, with a little more
Trust Me, Brad Pitt and I Are Not Self-Absorbed. The worst part of face blindness is not realizing there's anything wrong with you. I had no idea that I had a neurological condition until I was well into my 30s, so prior to that I just thought I must be the most self-absorbed person on the planet.
Altitude Sickness. As a result, these people are more prone to heart attacks and strokes, Haddad said. They also suffer from fatigue, depression
New Spinal Cord Implant For Pain No Longer Dangerous In MRI. Last week, the first patient in the United States to have the device implanted since it was approved by the Food and Drug
Budweiser Consumed The Most Among People With Alcohol-Related ER Visits, Small Study Says. \Recent studies reveal that nearly a third of injury visits to Level I trauma centers were alcohol-related and frequently
5 Tips for Overcoming Fear and Self-Doubt. We all deal with feelings of fear, uncertainty and vulnerability. You can enjoy a lot of success by doing the things that most people make excuses to avoid.
Soda Consumption In America. Researchers also found some interesting links regarding diet soda consumption and weight, which you can see in the infographic
What If You Knew?. In the interceding decades, I have attracted those I consider part of my \tribe\ who may also hail from somewhere else in the cosmos. We speak a common language
What I Learned From Kids This Summer. Kids are loud, messy, needy and sticky, but hey, I know some adults who are all these things too. Kids are also full of wonder, curiosity, joy, and they have infinite love to give. And for that, in a lot of ways, they've taught me to love life even more.
Obesity Kills 1 In 5 -- Four Times The Number Of Deaths That Experts Thought. Obesity appears to be deadlier than experts thought, according to a new study in the American Journal of Public Health. While
I Lost Weight. Name
Success and Leaps of Faith. We are always guided.  Some pay close attention to the clues that help us to discern which paths we take, that most serve our highest learning and greatest good.  Others give occasion to such awareness, and as a result, happiness and life's successes seem hit or miss and chance-like.
For People With Sleep Apnea And COPD, Receiving CPAP Could Lower Death Risk. A past study on overlap syndrome, published in the Proceedings of the American Thoracic Society, explained that the prevalence
Invitations From God Never Expire. Were there no suffering, we wouldn't be drawn into this breathtaking and breath-affirming conversation that is drawing us closer to our highest, lightest selves.  All of our issues -- no matter how big or small -- are all leading to the same place.
Incredible Street Art Reminds Us To Slow Down And Look Around. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Code Blue in a Dark Room. Unfortunately, because asthma doesn't present us with any external tangible existence, adult sufferers are often maligned at the office. Burton Rocks is on a mission to help people with and without asthma and I can't think of a better representative.
Eat More Fruit -- It's Good for the Economy (And for Your Health, Too). I'll put it quite plainly
Your Medication Can Kill You!. Yes, side effects of medications can kill. But so can the side effects of declining medications we really need. When prescribed judiciously by clinicians who know what they are doing to patients who know what they are getting, drugs are far more likely to help than harm.
What New Yorkers Can Teach The Rest Of America About Living Well. New York magazine also ranks roughly 1,200 of the city's best physicians each year in its New York's Best Doctors issue -- and
Sleep Apnea Linked With Increased Glaucoma Risk. Sleep apnea -- a sleep disorder where a person stops breathing for periods during sleep because of a blocked airway -- might
My 14 Days of Summer, A Meditation. It's no secret that summer is my favorite season. I was on vacation and so much enjoying the clear ocean water and the Rosa
Postcards From Lebanon. Dextrose 5 percent and sodium chloride 0.45 percent 1000mL -- for hydration Decadron (dexamethasone 10mg) -- steroid for
What's Happening to Us?. Some mental health professionals find commonalities between these behaviors and substance abuse. Some see them as part of
I Found the 'Holy Grail' of Prenatal Testing. The real draw of NIPT is its potential as an alternative to invasive testing, a way to replace a needle in the belly with one in the arm, to get information without putting pregnancies in harm's way. The draw of NIPT is that it is non-invasive. That's what makes it exciting.
5 Strength-Building Exercises for a Better Yoga Practice. If yoga-based cross-training can help athletes achieve physical balance, then does the same hold true for a yoga practitioner? Can supplementing the time we spend on the mat with strength and cardiovascular training help us optimize health?
Cancer Messed With the Wrong B*tch. Insurance companies suck. Anyone disagree? No? Good, let's continue. They want you to die, don't they? Okay, maybe that seems a little harsh, but that's what it feels like to me every time I hear the word \denied.\ I'm sure by the end of this post, if you put yourself in my shoes, you'll feel the same way.
Practicing the Sacred Hours. Do make time. Otherwise, instead of honoring the hours of your life when you get to savor what matters most, you'll lose hours and days worried and stressed.
How to Find Your Spiritual Mojo. These are some ways to help activate or motivate your spiritual mojo by moving your vital energy and not keeping it stagnant.  It will also help you connect deeper to a spiritual place within you where the real \magic charm\ of the soul is.
Why Some Remember Dreams While Others Don't. The researchers saw that high recallers awoke more frequently during the night. They were awake, on average, for 30 minutes
Your Health. \Everybody is different. How they approach illness is different. Ultimately it's finding homeostasis for each person. People think perfection is not having illness, but really I think it's learning to live with what we've been given and to do that well.\
Rare and Precious Joy. Begin by remembering to pause and savor the simple pleasures. Have the intention to hold gently the difficulties. Open your heart to the life of this moment and discover that joy is never very far away.
Tuberculosis 'Time Bomb' Costs Europe Billions Of Euros A Year. \We know that new drugs and vaccines are very expensive (to develop), but if you take these costs into consideration, then
Coal-Tar Sealants In Asphalt Driveways Could Raise Cancer Risk. NBC News explained that people can be exposed to the PAHs when the coal tar sealant breaks down over time, becoming a dust
What's Really Behind The Jolt In Your Energy Drink?. In a recent CBS This Morning piece, contributor Dr. David Agus noted that by making it so easy for kids to obtain and consume
Lasting Impressions. In the days following my revelation, I allowed myself to grieve and forgive. By doing so, the lasting impressions that once haunted me lost their hold on my heart, my mind and my soul.
Will It Matter in 5 Years?. I live by the will-it-matter-in-five-years rule. When something happens that makes you upset, ask yourself that question, and you will find that most of the time the answer is no.
Leukemia Treatment Uses Virus Particles To Eradicate Cancer In Mice, Kill Human Cancer Cells In Lab. Watch a video of the virus-derived particles rapidly killing Leukemia cells above. (Clip courtesy of David Conrad, Cory Batenchuk
In Honor Of National Relaxation Day, 6 Of The Most Relaxing Things To Do Right Now. Read Over These Detailed Instructions On How To Take A Nap At Work -- Then Take One In 2011, a group of sound therapists
Are People Who Meditate More Likely to Believe in an Afterlife?. Everyone who meditates is opening the same door to appreciating life more and living beyond the boundaries, the hesitation and fears which use to hold us back.
There's A Technology-Free Oasis In The Heart Of San Francisco, And It's Incredible (PHOTOS). Are these photos from present-day San Francisco -- or Woodstock 1969? It would almost be difficult to tell, were it not for
Do You Need to Lighten Up Your Life?. Each of us chooses the quality of our lives through the choices me make and those we avoid. If your life isn't bringing you happiness, satisfaction, learning and growth then maybe it's time to take a better look at how you are creating, promoting and allowing what is present in your life.
I Didn't Do Anything Today. I took the day off today. I didn't do anything at all. And even when I did something, I didn't do anything.
Lessons From Donating Bone Marrow. In the process of giving bone marrow to my dad, I have discovered that we all have the power to change and possibly save a human life. Perhaps our hearts and minds, like fresh new cells, can open up a new world of possibility --  both for the one who receives the gift, and for the one who gives.
5 Ways Your Healthy Diet Is Making You Tired. Every time you go more than two hours or so without eating, your blood sugar drops -- and that's bad news for your energy
How To Practice 'Intelligent Failure' (And Ultimately Find Success). GPS Guides are our way of showing you what has relieved others' stress in the hopes that you will be able to identify solutions
Walking the Middle Path. Suffice it to say, excessiveness in any area of our lives can prove to be unproductive if not damaging. The Buddha himself had ignored the well-being of his body while trying to free his mind. It caused him to be extremely out of balance.
Does Added Fructose and High Fructose Corn Syrup Have a Future?. There's an undeniable link between sugar and ill health, yet food and drink producers insist on sugarcoating everything to the point that they're actually adding it to water, and consumers can't get enough... because sugar can be addictive.
Where's the Beef? Reality Check on Test Tube Burger Baloney. The mega-PR blitz surrounding the burger seems almost as \yuck\ to me as the idea of eating a burger grown in a lab. Scientists need to interact with the media more and talk directly to the public, but this went way too far to the extreme.
Addicted To Coffee? How To Break The Habit For Good. Quitting caffeine isn't easy, but if you feel your consumption has become a bad habit, the best way to break it is to create
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
I Don't Know How to Be Anything But a Patient. I was the patient. I was the sick one. I was the one who could've died. I was the one who had the chemo, the surgery, the radiation -- and I was okay with that. I don't know how to be anything else.
Tap Into Your Joy -- And Become Happier, Healthier and Smarter. As adults, every one of us hits the wall at one time or another. You can be the most positive, happy, calm, determined and successful person but, at some point, you might feel like you've lost your mojo, energy and confidence.
The Alphabet of Happiness. The journey of a lifetime is not to some exotic place (although that is fun too). The journey of a lifetime is to know yourself, and explore all that you have inside of you. We are here for a reason, though it often takes a while to discover what that is.
Beach Bodies. A constant flame war rages in society between two extreme sides. One side loses it anytime someone says anything that seems slightly not \body positive,\ and the other side loses it anytime someone says anything that seems to \normalize obesity.\
Breathing Room. Champions adjust, and so I came back for class two with a different kind of can-do attitude. Less We Are the World and more Rocky. I would run up the Philadelphia Museum of Art meditation stairs no matter what it took.
Karen Black. I like to find spots of light and feeling around a location, and have made some mental notes already. We move around the theater, and in each spot, she intuits the essence and poses in perfect accord to evoke the feeling of the moment and space.
Teens Quit Pot If Their Friends Are Smoke-Free. \The reason we don't see much predicting cessation in adolescents is...the stuff that really matters [for quitting] just
Where Is God?. Since the beginning of time, we as human beings have always called out for a higher power or larger force to rescue us when we're in pain or trouble. During my cancer journey, I was forced into this conversation more than once.
Afrezza, Insulin Inhaler Therapy For Diabetes, Succeeds In Studies. Afrezza is the flagship product of MannKind, whose shares have risen nearly 50 percent over the past three months in anticipation
Read This Before You Apologize to Her (or Him). Apologizing gets easier with practice, and if you're like most of us, you'll get plenty of opportunities for that. In the process, it becomes possible to not only restore love and goodwill to your relationship, but to upgrade it beyond the level where it had previously been.
Prostate Cancer Aggressiveness May Not Change With Time, Study Suggests. Men who have a low-grade tumor -- where the cells on the tumor still look more like normal prostate tissue -- may talk with
Do You Believe You Deserve Love?. We all deserve love -- just because we exist. You will know you deserve love when you are loving to yourself.
The Regrets of Summer. For more from Maria Rodale, go to www.mariasfarmcountrykitchen.com It's August. I have a couple of friends who, like me, can't
The Key To A Good Nap (VIDEO). When you can't keep your eyes open for one more second do you reach for a coffee... or a pillow? Dr. Michael Breus, clinical
Ethics of Care. This is a much different type of caregiving than simply making sure a patient gets her meds or does her physical rehabilitation program; working with dementia patients requires a subtle, holistic, and ethically-based approach.
Jeff Bezos Gets Mindful. Mindfulness is such a powerful foundation upon which to craft a business plan, complete a creative project, live one's life.
Dr. JoAnn's Mental Training Workouts. How can we translate that champion mentality that we see at the World Championships into a powerful mindset that can help us on a daily basis? Here's how you can apply this mental training to your fitness and your life.
8 Weird New Workouts. Fitness has always been a little silly, when you think about it. In history, we would throw rocks as far as possible or hold
5 Ways To Optimize Your To-Do List. The age old to-do list -- a common tool to help get $#&T done. In my years of to-do listing, I\u2019ve discovered that it is often
Brain 'Folds' May Predict If Medications Will Help Psychosis. Since around half of young patients get little or no benefit from the first medicines prescribed after a psychotic episode
How Can Introverts Make More Friends? Expert Says It's All In The Planning. Psychologist Irene Levine said she finds keeping up-to-date on popular culture helps her in those settings, while blogger
Intensive Athletic Activity Could Be Fatal To Those With Sickle-Cell Trait. Whereas universal precautions would be great, Harmon says, they're not realistic. \They're probably right, they should [add
How The Power Of Thought Can Bring Success. By Ozgun Atasoy (Click here for the original article) To rule out the possible effect of motivation, the researchers brought
Excessive Alcohol Use Is Costing States Billions. The report, published in the American Journal of Preventive Medicine, is based on a previous CDC study from 2006. The costs
Facebook Use Predicts Decreases In Life Satisfaction. \On the surface, Facebook provides an invaluable resource for fulfilling the basic human need for social connection,\ study
10 Things That Do Not Count As Working Out. Is this a stretch for aspiring ninjas? This can only end badly. If this is what he considers an arm workout, we're skeptical
How a Car Accident and Cancer Taught Me Different Things About Mortality. On October 21, 1996, I came literally two inches from dying.  I was a 24-year-old male who had just lived through something that should have killed me ten different ways. I knew my reason for being there
What Is Cognitive Remediation in Psychiatric Practice and Why Do We Need It?. It is time for psychiatric programs to include cognitive remediation as a standard part of the array of services needed for the comprehensive and quality treatment of persons with serious mental illnesses, especially schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
16 Super Successful Introverts. Emma Watson The Perks Of Being A Wallflower star has said she credits her introverted personality for her reputation as a
Amazing Arms in 7 Moves. Here are seven amazing arm exercises that will help you build your upper body strength while toning and defining beautifully-sculpted arms. All of these exercises also incorporate the legs and the core to increase your calorie burn, which will help you burn the fat over your arms.
Wake Up to Good News. The root cause of suffering and harm is ignorance, illusion, not seeing things as they actually are. But when we wake up and see the facts and live in the light, we feel so much freer, at ease, unthreatened, confident, overflowing, loved, and loving.
10 Ways to Ditch Your Cravings for Sugar, Salt, and Fats. The best way to ensure you are eating the highest quality, most nutritious food possible is to prepare your own food in your own kitchen. We are all chefs. You don't have to be trained at Le Cordon Bleu to know your way around a kitchen.
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Chance Of Surviving Sudden Cardiac Arrest Is Highest In Gyms, Study Finds. Findings published in the Journal of the American College of Cardiology showed that the chances of survival are higher if
4 Surprisingly Simple Steps to Forgive Anyone for Anything. People and situations show up in our lives so we can learn and grow. Though I wouldn't encourage you to seek out pain, it's not something to avoid either. It's just part of life -- and it can be a gift.
Does It Ever Pay to Be Angry?. How do we deal with this intruder, this thief in the night that steals our sanity? How do we let anger know that this is not the way we want to live, that enough is enough?
Superfood Death Match. Has the Kale Kraze reached its backlash stage yet? While many people are still very excited about the health-promoting, brain
Vegetative Patient Communicates By 'Answering' Questions Using Attention. \For the first time, we showed that a patient clinically diagnosed as 'vegetative' can use his attention to show that he
WATCH. As with any of my tapping videos, this is an abbreviated process for releasing uncomfortable feelings and enhancing good
Mediterranean Diet Could Influence Genetic Risk For Stroke. The research, published in the journal Diabetes Care, shows that for people who carry two copies of a specific gene variant
Reasonable Certainty of No Harm?. The FDA could easily ban unnecessary ingredients like partially hydrogenated vegetable oil, mycoprotein, Red 3, and BHA. And it could set safe conditions of use on substances like sugar and salt. But the FDA has done nothing about, or has even defended, each of those unsavory substances.
Genetic Overlap Found Between Common Mental Conditions, Including Schizophrenia And Bipolar. The study, published in the journal Nature Genetics, shows that there is a strong genetic overlap between schizophrenia and
Finding Health, Keeping the Money. Subsidizing better choices in the grocery store is a lot less expensive than stays in the intensive care unit. We don't need to prevent very many cases of diabetes, heart disease or bariatric surgeries to save back the costs of incentives for nutritious foods, 10 times over.
Sleep Beliefs May Vary Between Races, Study Finds. The new study showed that black women were more likely to nap during the day to combat daytime sleepiness. They were also
Eyes Could Reveal Stroke Risk, Study Finds. After accounting for other known risk factors, researchers found that people who had mild hypertensive retinopathy had a
Why Is Processed Food So Bad for You?. Corporations won't make us healthier because capitalism makes it impossible for them to do so.
3 Insights From The Frontiers Of Positive Psychology. This article originally appeared on Greater Good, published by the Greater Good Science Center at UC Berkeley. For more, please
The 3 Essential Tools for Building a Life You Love (Part 3). When you're feeling stressed about a possible situation in the future I want you to stop, take a deep breath and ask yourself, \Am I okay, right now?\
INFOGRAPHIC. How happy are you at your job? Read more on Upworthy
Extreme Heat May Aggravate Gastrointestinal Problems. During a heat wave, there's probably a physiological stressor, or some aspect of diet that changes for IBD patients, that
How to Find the Happy Magic in the Bubbles of Life. When was the last time you noticed and appreciated a bird building a nest, the color yellow, palm trees swaying in the wind, an extra 15 minutes when a meeting gets done early, sleeping in, stories from a senior citizen or hitting every green light?
Friends and Family Influence Your Health Habits. Gallup's annual Consumption Habits Survey shows that Americans associate themselves with people who share their health habits
How Much Do You Really Know About Antioxidants?. More From Shape.com
On Being Brave. Sometimes I've been clumsy in how I've gone about overcoming my insecurities. Somedays I still am. Somedays that inner child, the little insecure girl afraid of doing or saying the wrong thing wants to come out and play.
Pediatric Obesity, Ping-Pong, and Puzzle Pieces. The picture suggests, encouragingly, that widespread attention to the crisis of childhood obesity can make a difference, and is seemingly starting to do so -- for some of the kids in some of the places at least some of the time.
Meditation. And yet, this situation sucks. Human beings are impelled, by these billions of years of evolution, to be dissatisfied with
A Simple Blessing for Your Body. As we bless and care for our bodies they shine bright -- inside and out. It never fails.
Overeducation Linked With Increased Mental Health Risks. But in many western countries, labor markets are slow to catch up with the increasing numbers of overeducated people, leading
5 Things Men Can Do Right Now. 4. You are more than your job
Victory in Numbers. I enter every conversation and interaction believing that it only takes one \yes\ to propel me forward. Of course, you must realize that no one can help you obtain your goals if you fail to share your goals with others.
Steamed Clams with Browned Butter. 4. The clams will be ready in an instant. They do not take long. When they are open they are ready! 3. When the water is
Weekly Rune. Give deep consideration to how you create yourself this week. Are you who you want to be? What are your other options? Are
Do You Know What You Really, Really Want?. Nothing is perfect or everlasting. It is worth our while to contemplate deeply, mindfully and periodically on our own meaning of life. Racing toward only money, power and status is likely to leave us unfulfilled.
One of the Secrets of Life. A lot of people say the spiritual path is a difficult one to walk, requiring all kinds of discipline, sacred rituals and renunciation. I don't think so.
9 Surprising Reasons You Can't Fall Asleep. You're Not Wearing Socks Even if you've set the thermostat correctly, some people are just disposed to having colder than
You Are Not Your Job. When your self-worth is wrapped in things that are outside of your control, you're setting yourself up for an emotional roller coaster. In other words, you're up when the job is up and down when the job is down.
Why Diets Fail. Our bodies are intelligent. While we spend much of our time trying to get our bodies to conform to our desires, we actually need to spend more time having our desires conform to the wisdom of our bodies.
How to Be Less Than Perfect. The constant need to make things even better and the obsessing over things can be exhausting and can wreak havoc on one's mood.
Three Sure Signs That a Person Is Not Happy. Is someone in your life truly excited about something, and you find yourself on the verge of being disparaging? Picture me punching you in the nose when that negative comment comes out of your mouth.
The Secret To Loving Your Beautiful, Imperfect Life. And if you're sitting at your desk feeling anything but bliss, this may just be the remedy for you. \You can do the whole
To Accept Being Breakable. I've finally come to recognize that I am breakable, and I am not superman. The only way I will get to accomplish everything that I want to accomplish in my running career is if I break away from the competitive, compulsive nature of being an endurance athlete.
Nudge Yourself and Others to Make Smarter Choices. What if someone created email software that could detect whether the email you were about to send out used angry, defaming
The Gift of Emptiness. When we receive the vastness within, emptiness is found to be full of heart essence. Joy is more joyful, beauty more beautiful, life more simple, precious.
Directing Your Personal Energy Current. Rather than toss and turn, I have always used these times of energy shifting as the perfect opportunity to be productive and direct that current of energy I'm feeling.
What You Really Need to Be Happy. Take pleasure in simple joys and being in awe of the beauty that surrounds us. This means appreciating a sunrise, savoring a cup of coffee, snuggling with a child, hugging your friend or smelling a flower.
Beltway Battle Over Patients' Rights to Integrative Medicine and Health. At stake is the meaning and potential revocation of  \non-discrimination in health care,\ Section 2706 of the Affordable Care Act. The requirement is due to become law in January 2014.
10 Things You Didn't Know About Wise, Extraordinary Elephants (PHOTOS). The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Online Support. I have been struck by how people I know on Facebook (some I haven't seen for years and even decades) are telling stories of their health circumstances, or their caregiving for others in crisis.
Tivicay, HIV Drug, Approved By FDA. Patients received either Tivicay or Merck & Co's Isentress in combination with other HIV drugs; or they received Atripla
Anthony Stokes, Georgia Boy, Ruled Out As Heart Transplant Candidate, Family Says. By David Beasley A hospital spokesperson declined to discuss the case. \It is something transplant centers take very seriously
New Understanding Of Atherosclerosis Could Change The Way We Treat Heart Disease. The new understanding of how macrophages reproduce within the plaque calls for the re-evaluation of current atherosclerosis
Accurate Self-Beliefs Strengthen Relationships, Research Shows. How well do we know ourselves? The intuition that you are your own best judge is strong, yet flawed. The prevailing wisdom
How Smart Are School Snacks? A Closer Look at New USDA Rules. \Are these guidelines better? In some ways, yes. However, they still fall prey to nutritionism by utilizing numbers on the Nutrition Facts label rather than ingredient quality.\
Why Not Everyone Gets Alzheimer's. The study, published in the journal Neuron, is based on work done on human and mouse brain neurons and tissue in lab cultures
The 75-Year Study That Found The Secrets To A Fulfilling Life. Challenges \u2013- and the Perspective They Give You -- Can Make You Happier Love Is Really All That Matters The Grant Study's
The Buzzing in Your Ears. We tend to be like pieces of fly paper, letting words (whether they were intended to or not) stick on us like tiny, pesky flies -- buzzing in our ears, irritating our minds and soaking deeply into our cells. And we start to believe them, letting them define our self-worth.
The Challenge of Happiness. Listening to someone else's story helps us revisit and reassess those of our own. Inspiring tales often ignite hope for what's languishing in our souls, hidden from our own awareness.
Elizabeth Gilbert, 'Eat, Pray, Love' Author, On What It Takes To Get Inspired (PHOTOS). ORIGIN is the conscious culture national print magazine bringing together art, yoga, music, humanitarianism, and sustainability
The Top 10 Workout Songs for August 2013. This month's top 10 is dominated by pop music -- albeit from a variety of sources. Mickey Mouse Club veterans Britney and Justin Timberlake turn up alongside American Idol alumni Phillip Phillips and Kelly Clarkson.
When More Medicine Isn't Better. Not surprisingly, doctors end up not tolerating uncertainty. In our high-tech era, this means more is done. A patient has seemingly vague symptoms, so the doctor orders some laboratory tests \just to get a baseline.\
The Secret to Meaningful Relationships. We will never end up anywhere deeply satisfying by avoiding challenge. Each moment that we are willing to be uncomfortable in a relationship, to live in and through the messiness, is a drop of gold in the relationship itself.
What To Drink Before Bedtime. You may think that your nighttime nightcap routine isn't affecting your sleep patterns, but guess again. To be sure you're
5 Tips to Help You Stop Rushing. In today's culture we're defined by what we do and how productive we are. Stripped of this we can feel lost and purposeless. We've become human doings instead of human beings. Regaining our joy and purpose in life requires a new relationship with time.
Stuck in a Rut? Tips on Overcoming What Stops You. Sometimes we get really stuck in our lives or businesses. That just might be when it's time to call in outside reinforcements. There is no shame in this!
Ignoring Failure, Rejection and Other Common Psychological 'Injuries' Can Damage Your Mental Health. While it's obvious to us that physical injuries can get worse if left untreated, that cuts can become infected, that colds can turn into pneumonia, we have no such awareness when it comes to psychological injuries.
How to Do More of What You Love. Now is the time to make space for a deeper and more profound relationship with yourself. Ask yourself if not now, when? Stop the cycle of procrastination you may have developed over the years.
Big Fat Lies I Tell Myself. At that moment, I decided to put my ego aside and read the book. I finished it in one sitting. It wasn't always pleasant, mind you. After all, Amy Ahlers was calling me on every lie I ever told myself. But it was necessary. And Ahlers offers challenges, exercises, and affirmations to help you through every lie in the book.
By Weaning Off Technology, We Can Explore New Frontiers. Listen to a new style of music. The problem with having all of this choice is that you may end up listening only to people
The Risk of Being Busy. If there's one thing you do for yourself this week, it's to take a good hard look at what's keeping you so busy. What are you avoiding? What are you trying to not do or face or decide?
7 High-Protein Breakfast Ideas. A rule of thumb for most people is to get 20 to 30 grams of protein at a meal. This can be particularly difficult during
Postcards From Lebanon. Postcards From Lebanon
DSM-5's New Approach to Suicide Risk, Behavior. The increased emphasis on suicide throughout DSM-5 will lead to more effective recognition of individuals with symptoms and behaviors that put them at risk. With improved diagnosis and care, the nation may finally be able to turn the tide on this loss and grief.
Yoga. If a marathon runner didn't consume a lot of carbohydrates the day before their race, then they may very well still make it to the finish line. But just like the long-distance runner benefits from a plate of pasta, the yogic seeker benefits from their own preparations.
When Love Is Longing. We're wired to equate love with longing, which means that the only time we feel in love and certain is when our partner isn't fully available. We chase. We long. And then we think we're in love.
Listen Up, Dad. Your dad may feel that you are \in on the joke,\ and indeed this may have been par for the course in the past. However, it's now your job to make it abundantly clear times have changed and you will no longer tolerate being publicly humiliated. You have a responsibility to advocate for yourself.
Are You a Workaholic?. In my work as a research psychologist currently studying women in the workplace, I hear women describe this sort of near-obsessive commitment to work with increasing frequency. For many, it's how they develop feelings of self worth. This can be both empowering and dangerous.
Sticks and Stones. You are the only person with the power to control yourself. Being you is more than just your favorite color or your favorite food, it's about becoming the person you are capable of being. Creating the real you can be a life-long journey.
When Did 'Sure' Become a Bad Word?. Recently, I texted the simple affirmation \sure\ as a rushed response to an invitation or suggested social event someone had extended to me. Thinking my response was a clear and appropriate one, I was surprised, confused and yes a bit annoyed by the onslaught of negative comments that followed.
Make a Wish Upon the Shooting Stars This Weekend. On any average night, away from urban light, five or six such fiery space fragments appear as shooting or falling stars every hour. When our annual revolution takes us through zones heavily littered with disintegrated comet trash, we see the spectacular sky shows called meter showers.
Is Your Cat a Monster at Mealtime?. For more by Dr. Karen Becker, click here. For more on pet health, click here. \u2022 Providing Otto with environmental enrichment
Accountability, Responsibility and Changing Your Life. Some people do change. Some people do break their bad habits and pick up better ones. However, this requires an action plan, and more -- it requires taking responsibility for implementing that plan, one step at a time.
Sleep Well At Every Age. To Nap or Not to Nap? Napping in the afternoon has been hotly debated amongst sleep and aging experts. Afternoon sleepiness
TRPV4, Molecule In Epidermis, Is Behind Sunburn Pain. Researchers from Duke University, Rockefeller University, the University of California, San Francisco, and the Howard Hughes
Integrating Yoga Into Personal Recovery and 12-Step Work. How has this work changed your definition of service? Your definition of yoga? Your practice? Being of service is not about
A Call to Action. The best thing we can do to protect ourselves from a lost life is to live each day fully.  Let's not lose our lives little by little each day due to fear.  Let's live with as much courage and gusto as we can to honor this short life, and have the music playing whenever possible.
Grief Intelligence. Those who expect grievers to eventually get back to their old selves, will be quite disappointed. Grief, like all major life experiences, changes a person irrevocably.
The Most Important, Often Overlooked Step to Creating Everything You Want in Life. When was the last time you really felt like YOU? What were you doing? Who were you with? Where were you?
Redefining the Cycle of a 'Traditional Relationship'. In the end, it doesn't matter if people end up moving in together, getting the dog, getting married, having kids -- doing it all. The relationship will withstand anything that comes it's way it two people are connected and honest
A Prism of Inner Beauty. With each bit of sunshine that passes through it or reflects off one of its many facets, the crystal prism that adorns my
The Best Fitness Gear For Running After Dark. Stay safe (and stylish) during nighttime runs with this reflective fitness gear you\u2019ll want to wear in daylight too -- and
Despite New Study, Experts Still Warn Of Link Between Football And Cognitive Disease. A new study suggests that football may not be as dangerous for brain health as past research suggests, but experts are not
8 Ways Yoga Can Help You At Work. Before I tried yoga, I was always very skeptical of the \workout.\ I just thought, \If I am going to exercise, I want to
How Much Do You Want to Know About Your Unborn Child's DNA?. I personally would not select out or abort a fetus because it tested positive for Lynch Syndrome.  I find it ironic that a living person has to wait until the age of 18 to have genetic testing, but an unborn child's parents can determine whether or not the child has Lynch Syndrome before birth.
6 Tips for Effective Leadership. Part of the challenge for leaders is that they are all human. And as humans, we are all flawed. That being said, what is effective leadership? Is it a title? Is it achieving goals? Is it inspiring others? Is it seeing a unique vision?
7 Signs of Emotional Wellness. When I meet new people in social settings, the conversational question of, \What do you do for a living?\ often leads people to ask me the follow-up question, \So are you analyzing me?\ While it's said in a fun, playful manner, I think it speaks to a deeper question that all of us face.
Different Parts Of Brain Affected By Autism In Women And Men, Study Finds. Different parts of the brain are affected in women with autism than in men with autism, according to a new study. The study
A Handshake to Be Proud of. I was pretty nervous about going to the detention center and even more nervous that the programs we introduced wouldn't be anything that the boys wanted. I knew that what I was doing was important, however, and I just hoped the love I had for sports would be contagious.
How to Deal With Difficult Emotions. Shame, rage, guilt, sadness, frustration and anger. What place do these emotions have in our lives? How do we deal with dark emotions without getting engulfed in them?
At the Top of My Lungs. Initially I was told that my cancer was Stage IV. This is the worst stage. There is no Stage V. If there were, it would be, \Exit stage left.\
Are You Me-Centric?. I'm wondering if we no longer were able to capture ourselves doing anything and everything with technology, would we suddenly feel that we weren't being seen?
The Realization of Life. I highly recommend it. Our Barriers Being a Bengali myself, my love affair with Tagore began in my teens. And as I have grown
Messy Work Spaces Spur Creativity, While Tidy Environments Linked With Healthy Choices. Researchers found that 82 percent of people in the orderly room made a charitable donation, versus 47 percent of people in
Why I Only Weigh Myself Once a Week (If That). The only way to get away from its yo-yoing, confidence-sucking and confidence-boosting pull is to limit your time with the darn thing. And find a deeper and more real and stable sense of power; one that doesn't have a darn thing to do with how much we weigh.
7 Pieces Of Fitness Advice We Actually Want To Follow. If one more person tries to tell us we just have to run a marathon or try their favorite CrossFit box or take up barre classes
Weight Watchers Sets Its Eyes On Employers. Newly appointed CEO James Chambers, who replaced David Kirchhoff, said on a recent conference call with analysts that he
How To Be Great In 24 Hours Or Less. \It doesn't need to be something that will impress everyone, just think about it on a personal level,\ Jhat316 offers. Crafting
Why Competition Is an Old Model of Living. We're all unique, like snowflakes.  While we may have some similarities, there is nobody else in this entire world that is just like you or me.  We all have our own very unique journey, life experiences, and perceptions.  And the world needs more of the special gift that each of us has inside.
Living a Balanced, Beautiful Life With Ayurveda. Ayurveda is the 5,000 year old \science of life\ from India. It teaches us how to live in harmony with nature, knowing the connections that we share. Ayurveda is all about balance, and this is something we are in dire need of today.
An Open Letter to My Future Adopted Child. After my surgery, I panicked. I felt less of a woman. It resonated that I will never have the ability to conceive a child. I shut everyone out. I am only 24 years old, I kept telling myself. I am now a medical student. By the time you read this, Lord willing, I will be a practicing physician.
Rare West Nile Death Sparks Blood Transfusion Concerns. Follow Rachael Rettner @RachaelRettner. Follow LiveScience @livescience, Facebook & Google+. Original article on LiveScience.com
Malaria Vaccine Shows Promise In Early Trial. Currently, vector control is the main method of preventing malaria, according to the World Health Organization. This involves
MERS Antibodies Discovered In Dromedary Camels. \As new human cases of MERS-CoV continue to emerge, without any clues about the sources of infection except for people who
13 Smart Ways To Stay Healthy On A Road Trip. Special thanks to Greatist Expert Dr. Phil Page\u00a0for his help with the posture section of this article. On the Road -- Your
How to Cope With Boredom Eating. Eating is only one of a thousand things to do when you're bored. If you're not hungry, you can choose to redirect your attention by making a conscious decision to focus on an activity other than eating (or thinking about eating).
Thought Attack!. The next time you find yourself in a low state of mind, my hope is you won't analyze your life and try to find or fix the reason.
Bill Clinton Has A Superpower, And Mastering It Can Make You Successful Beyond Belief. During a 1999 interview with David Letterman, actress Gillian Anderson (best known for her role as special agent Scully on
Appreciate the Moment. Appreciation is one of the simplest foods for the soul, but one that many people neglect. We get so wrapped up in things like work, school, relationships and social obligations that we often take the good things in life for granted.
Psoriasis Raises Risk For Diabetes, Heart Disease And Ulcers, Study Finds. One of the problems, researchers said, is that primary care doctors are unaware of the increased risk that their psoriasis
Belief In Precognition Rises When People Feel Helpless, Study Finds. The results showed that those in the low-control group showed stronger beliefs in future foretelling. Follow LiveScience
Are You Living With Passion and Brilliance?. Following my passions is how I live my life, but there were times that life challenges interfered, and led me towards activities that did not give me pleasure.
The Ultimate Goal of Survival. Sometimes I choose to live in an alternate reality. Although I know not everyone survives their illnesses, I choose to believe they will. It's not denial, it's hope.
The Sad, Sad Truth About Frozen Yogurt. So how to make sense of a confusing label? Here's Nestle's rule
Birthwort Compound, Aristolochic Acid, Linked To Cancer. Many people turn to herbal supplements to improve their health. In China, belief in traditional medicine is so strong that
Home Health Care. The National Institute on Aging estimates that there are as many as 7 million Americans caring for a loved one from a distance of more than one hour away. As long-distance caregivers well know, the miles can add another layer of challenge to an already challenging responsibility.
Shared Doctor Visits Increasing -- But Why?. Would you be willing to discuss your health issues with your doctor -- in front of other patients? TIME reports that more
Our Children's Health. Food and exercise go hand and hand, both in need of alignment with one another for an overall healthy life.  With a month left of summer there is still time to get outside, play, explore, and most importantly, have FUN!
Three Faces. Each of us is made up of eternal forces -- part masculine, part feminine, part animal. Often, our creativity and our proximity to our aliveness depends on how well we know these forces as they visit us and live in us.
Wealthy People Accumulate Different Toxicants Than The Poor, Study Says. The study hopes to \guide future public health remediation measures to decrease toxicant and disease burdens within society
Seeing the Riverbed and Overcoming Fear. When you're sitting in your hip-wide rowing shell and you look down to suddenly see sticks, and leaves and maybe even a fish beneath you in the silt, the view can come as quite a shock.
SoulCycle Didn't Change My Life, But It Did Allow Me To Grieve. I don't like exercise; I never have. When the desire to work out strikes, a leisurely jog around the park suits me just fine
Eat Your Fruits and Veggies, Protect Your Heart, and Save Billions of Dollars in Health Care Costs. Does nine servings a day sound like a heavy lift? Well, consider this
The Ultimate Power. Jeri was traveling light because she understood that carrying grudges from the past was non-productive, even self-destructive. It is, as the saying goes, like swallowing poison and expecting it to kill someone else.
How Yoga Saved My Life. Yoga was a doorway to enter a new territory and listen quietly to an internal voice that encouraged me to go deeper. During these months, life revealed moments of clarity amidst the pain. One thing became clear
8 Pieces Of Wisdom From Winnie The Pooh, A Bear Stuffed With Fluff (PHOTOS). With a sunny disposition and a tummy full of honey, he believes \nobody can be uncheered with a balloon.\ Want more simple
Scientists Make Mutant Forms Of H7N9 Bird Flu To Assess Risk. Wendy Barclay, an Imperial College London flu expert, said it would be ludicrous to shy away from such studies. \This type
Industry Has 'Undue Influence' In Vouching For Safety Of Food Additives, Study Finds. For example, the FDA said adding caffeine to a widening array of products like chewing gum, waffles and syrup \is an example
Jo Robinson. To read the entire post, please visit Cooking Up a Story. Jo Robinson is a veteran journalist, author, and a food activist
Mexico's Soda Lobby Rejects Blame For Rising Obesity. But Mexico's association of soft drink producers ANPRAC on Wednesday refused to accept that high soda consumption rates are
Chocolate Could Improve Brain Blood Flow, Thinking Skills For Seniors. For some people, indulging in a daily chocolate habit could be all it takes for a better-working brain. Researchers found
Compassion and Business. It is one thing to hear the importance of compassion expressed from people like the Dalai Lama and other religious leaders, but it is often seen by business people as a nice extra, and not necessarily core to their lives.
Tomato, Green Bean and Pine Nut Pasta. For more from Maria Rodale, go to www.mariasfarmcountrykitchen.com So I get home from a weeklong vacation in late July and
Shared Medical Appointments Streamline Doctor's Visits. Shared medical appointments, or group visits, are becoming a popular -- and possibly more satisfying -- way to see the doctor
Why Astronauts Struggle To Get A Good Night's Sleep. Sleep is an intimate part of our lives, and the crew has been generous enough to donate data on theirs to help me answer
Obesity And Sleep Deprivation Connection Revealed By UC Berkeley Study. \The findings indicate that getting enough sleep is one factor that can help promote weight control by priming the brain
8 Out Of 10 Americans Eat Fast Food At Least Once A Month, Says Gallup Poll. Interestingly, Americans earning $75,000 a year or more were more likely to eat fast food at least once a week than people
3 Reasons to Get Upset About CrossFit. I'm not sure when it happened, but at some point in my mid to late 20s, I reached a state of general malaise. I knew CrossFit had something to do with doing 100 pull ups and throwing up, which was a fancy stretch from my normal routine. I signed up for an Intro course and jumped right in.
Who Knows About Marijuana's Health Risks? Marijuana Users. The study shows that \when you know a lot about the risks and everything about the substances, it doesn't really bring you
How To Never Oversleep Again. Wean yourself off an alarm clock to begin with. One way to avoid sleeping through an alarm -- or getting screwed over by
GPS Guide. For more GPS Guides, click here. GPS Guides are our way of showing you what has relieved others' stress in the hopes that
This Is Your Gut on Gluten. We're no longer eating the wheat that our parents ate. This has lead to increased systemic inflammation, widespread gluten intolerance and higher rates of celiac disease.
Mindfulness Meditation Might Help You Smoke Less -- Even If You Aren't Trying To. Mindfulness meditation could help smokers cut back on the habit without them even realizing it. The researchers found that
Break Your Anger Habit. When you can shift into a cognitive mode, and become aware of what's happening to you and questioning the source, as opposed to getting caught up in an anger-fueled rage, you're far more likely to calm that emotion, and less likely to make a decision you'll regret.
LOOK. \The most effective way to avoid West Nile virus disease is to prevent mosquito bites,\ wrote the CDC in their summer health
Leave the Red Zone. In your mind, intend to settle back down. Exhale slowly, twice as long as the inhalation. This helps light up the parasympathetic nervous system. Think of something, anything, that makes you feel safer, more fed and fulfilled, or more appreciated and cared about.
6 Tabata Workout Tips For First-Timers. Last week I shared my first-ever Tabata workout, which left me super sore and wanting more. I want to share the Tabata love
I Found My Pill on Blueberry Hill. 2. Lightly oil a grill pan or skillet and place over medium-high heat. Season the fish with salt and pepper and place, skin
Calcium-Channel Blockers, Blood Pressure Medication, Might Raise Breast Cancer Risk. Calcium-channel blockers work by slowing the movement of calcium into muscle cells, which dilates blood vessels, reduces
Do You Sometimes Feel Invisible?. As you learn to see yourself through the eyes of your higher self, you can begin to reclaim the truth of who you are -- a beautiful, magnificent, individualized expression of the divine, living in your earthly body.
Dental Divide Widens in U.S.. Depending on where you live in the United States, access to proper dental care may differ.
My Name Is... 'Veginem'. This is to be read in the same rhythm -- minus a middle stanza -- as Eminem's \Lose Yourself.\
I Lost Weight. How I Lost It
The Best Nutrition for Rabbits and Rodents. The healthiest diet for pet rabbits, guinea pigs, and other small herbivores is a hay mixture and/or fresh grass, herbs and green leafy vegetables, plus a very limited amount of pelleted feed for vitamin and mineral supplementation.
We Need to Talk About Urinary Incontinence. Whether it's leaking urine during exercise, sneezing or laughing, or a sudden uncontrollable need to go that results in wet pads or pants, urinary incontinence is a problem that plagues many older people, most often women.
The 3 Essential Tools for Building a Life You Love (Part 2). The first step to shift towards a more positive mindset is becoming aware of your vocabulary and the effect it has on your life, what you attract into it and how joyful you feel.
Faster, Fitter and Better? It's as Easy as 10-20-30. High-intensity interval training has been all the rage for total body fitness the last several years. If you've been intrigued by the results people have achieved from home workout videos like Insanity, CrossFit or BodyRockTV, you're seeing the indisputable results of interval training.
Exercise Could Slow Memory Loss Among People At Risk For Alzheimer's. \We found that after 12 weeks of being on a moderate exercise program, study participants improved their neural efficiency
An Introvert's Guide To Surviving (And Thriving) In The Workplace. \We know that introverts are very creative because their very propensity for working in solitude and with a lot of focus
Embrace the Suck!. What if this week, you wrote down five things that don't make you fully alive? Examine why they are at play in your life. What could you do to make changes to eliminate them?
Do You Show Up in Life in All Your Amazing Glory?. The world needs your generosity of spirit, your gifts, your love, your uniqueness and your authentic heart. You are not here to hold onto anything but rather to give it away. You are here to shine your light on the world exactly as you are.
What Causes Autism Spectrum Disorder?. One of the questions I am most commonly asked as a psychiatrist specializing in child psychiatry is, \What causes autism?\ My answer often leaves the questioner feeling a little bit shortchanged, especially with the current surge of new reports linking yet another \risk factor\ to autism.
How You Can Train Your Mind To Do The Impossible. \The findings from studies in this unusual sample... suggest that, over the course of meditating for tens of thousands of
Aromatherapy. It may be surprising to you that most of us are already unknowingly experiencing aromatherapy benefits. As we go about our daily life, we are exposed to many scents throughout our day. Some create positive mood and thoughts for us while some provide the opposite response.
Welcome to the New Mindful Leadership Page on HuffPost. A mindful leader is someone who embodies leadership presence by cultivating focus, clarity, creativity and compassion in the service of others. These innate capabilities of the mind -- focus, clarity, creativity and compassion -- can be trained and strengthened.
For People With Celiac, Persistent Intestinal Damage Linked With Lymphoma Risk. Researchers found that in general, people with celiac disease have a 2.81-fold increased risk of developing lymphoma in a
Sunscreen Application Tips And Tricks (VIDEO). Just when you thought you've got your whole body lathered in sunscreen and are ready to hit the beach ... Hair stylist Cassi
The Right Kind Of Happy. The Greek founders of philosophy constantly debated how best to live the good life. Some contended that personal pleasure
3 Steps to a Vacation That Lasts. Compare the usual, quick-fading vacation with one where you study a mental discipline like yoga, Tai Chi, or meditation, or master an exercise for physical relaxation. These give us a method for an inner vacation that we can continue once we are back, a way to regularly prime our better moods.
Native Speakers of Cancerspeak. The way we as women now live with and die from cancer is morphing, but I for one am glad to see the discourse on the subject spreading out -- widening like fresh water invading salt.
Camping Trip Could Synch Your Internal Clock To Sunrise And Sunset. \When people are living in the modern world -- living in these constructed environments -- we have the opportunity to have
8 Back-to-Basics Nutrition Tips. This list is about as basic as it comes if you're looking to jump start your diet and nutrition. Replace bad habits with good habits and you'll soon see and feel the results.
Postcards From Lebanon. The results from this study may never benefit me directly, as FDA approvals take forever, but I participated because someone, someday, may be helped due to this small choice I've made.
Girls With Anorexia Show Characteristics Of Autism, Study Finds. \But this new research is suggesting that underlying the surface behaviour, the mind of a person with anorexia may share
Learn From My Friend's Death. Al said to me that if he survived he wanted to educate people. He wanted people to know the risks associated with hepatitis. He wanted them to know about liver cancer. Five years later, we're still not there.
6 Essentials for Your Vegan Kitchen. The time has come to dispel the many myths about vegan eating.
Smell Ability Linked With Genes, Study Finds. \We were surprised how many odors had genes associated with them. If this extends to other odors, then we might expect everyone
You Get 25,000 Mornings as an Adult. What you do each morning is an indicator of how you approach your entire day. It's the choices that we repeatedly make that determine the life we live, the health we enjoy, and the work we create.
The Low-Down on Sodium. Everyone can benefit from reducing sodium because a positive side effect of doing so is increasing the amount of fresh, whole foods you get in your diet.
Affordable Care Act Boosts Status Of Alternative Medicine -- At Least On Paper. The federal government has, in recent years, tapped providers like Guiltinan, who is also the dean at the Bastyr University
Hot Yoga. \It doesn't feel quite as daunting walking to work,\ she said. Walsh said at first she didn't get the whole hot trend, but
Why I love New York City. But Pennsylvania is home. I'm the kind of person who needs nature to survive. That's my hunger. And I love that Pennsylvania
Meaning Is Healthier Than Happiness. For at least the last decade, the happiness craze has been building. In the last three months alone, over 1,000 books on
Older People Don't Really Have 'Good' And 'Bad' Days For Memory, Study Finds. Similarly, a recent poll from Trending Machine showed that millenials are actually more likely than older people to have
Laugh It Off. So you laugh. It's funny. Because it's a joke anyway, right? People like you are funny, comic relief. People to make fun of and to brush off. Silly germophobia. Silly handwashing and rituals and constant unwanted thoughts. You laugh because it's easier than facing the fact that you've lived your whole life with this.
Sunscreen. In more contemporary times, sunscreens were developed from horse chestnut extracts in the 1910s. This pasty sunscreen was
Type 2 Diabetes? Hypertension? Get Tested for Sleep Apnea!. If you are one of the millions who suffer from either Type 2 diabetes or hypertension, you can improve your health and lower your risks if you are properly evaluated for obstructive sleep apnea.
Get Empowered to Change Your Life. We often feel like we don't have a moment to relax, and wish we didn't have to get so much done this week. The good news is -- you really don't have to! You can choose to complete the task, or you can choose not to.
Why the Definition of Success Needs a Serious Face Lift. When you feel your freedom now and choose to express yourself to your authentic bone, you have truly mastered success.
Life Is a Game and You Make the Rules. Life is a game just like all the other games.  The only difference is that life is the only game that we don't realize is a game. Each of us has made up, largely unconsciously, a set of rules (our values) -- based on our worldview and our beliefs -- and we think our rules are right and inherently true.
Daily Affirmations For People Who Hate Daily Affirmations. Simply put, daily affirmations train your brain to think positively; they are uplifting truths you want to believe and heartwarming
Most Smokers Have Tried To Quit Smoking Before, Survey Shows. As for why smokers wanted to quit, the most common reason was health. Other reasons included cost and loss of desire to smoke
What Hawaii Can Teach The Rest of America About Living Better. A growing body of research is linking happiness with good health and longevity. People with a positive life outlook may enjoy
How to Protect Your Knee to Help Avoid Cartilage Loss and Meniscal Tears. Meniscal tears can occur from pivoting/cutting over a fixed foot during an athletic event such as soccer or rugby or from trauma such as landing on a flexed or bent knee.
Intestinal Stem Cells. If new research tested in mice pans out for humans, there may soon be a way to keep radiation and chemotherapy from killing
The Future-Directed Nature of Mirth. How does innately liking sweetness translate into thinking about and seeking out the dessert menu, when there is no ongoing experience of sweetness right there on our tongues to inform us of our enjoyment?
5 Moves For Stronger Inner Thighs (VIDEO). The five different muscles that make up your inner thigh help keep you balanced and standing tall. But too often, this essential
Sleeping With the Band. Touring is a difficult job, and Sons of Bill are doing their best to find ways to balance their love of music and need for sleep.
Cures For The Summer Time Blues. By Anne Krueger In fact, it turns out plenty of people don't find bliss during summer. The hot, bright, long days turn them
Hair-Trigger Emotions? Blame Your Iceberg Beliefs. They're called iceberg beliefs because only the tip is in our conscious awareness. The rest lies under water, below the level of awareness. Like a real iceberg, these thoughts can be difficult to steer around and can even sink the ship.
13 Tips For Staying Hydrated This Summer. \u2013 For short-duration (less than 60 minutes), low-to-moderate-intensity activity, water is a good choice to drink before, during
How The Internet Can Help You Stop Wasting Time On The Internet. And while hack-centric tech tools can aid us in our goal of ultimate efficiency, technology is also the exact medium that
Soybean Compound Genistein Shows Promise For Treating HIV. Recently, soybeans were in the news for their potential in stopping another deadly disease -- cancer. Researchers from the
Recruitment, Pre-employment Selection and Compassion. There are plenty of daily workplace interpersonal interactions that contribute to stress, the largest area of workers compensation claims, but an area that is not considered frequently in regards to stress is the interaction between recruitment and candidates.
You Are Not Your Diagnosis. If a doctor were to tell you that you had cancer, how would you feel in that moment? It is hard to have positive expectancy when your mind automatically sees a label or diagnosis as bad.
My Definition of Healthy Is Better Than Yours. For me, health means strength. Health means trying each day to treat my body well. That kind of health goes beyond just diet and exercise. It comes in a variety of sizes. And if you don't carry that size in your store, I'm happy to take my money elsewhere.
How to Turn Your Life Around Today. To experience life from the peak you have to put yourself out there. You have to take chances and risk some disappointments. Don't fear rejection, embrace it. It's all experience, and it reminds you you're alive.
WATCH. Camera
Unplug, Retreat, and Enjoy a New Personal Story. Retreat is time for no self, no story.  We are receiving our heart essence. Judgments and neediness dissolve in our inner expansiveness.  Here is understanding. If we are to have a story may it be of great heart.
The Spiritual Shift -- Do You Feel It?. Now, if you haven't felt the spiritual shift yet, and want to know what it is in a nutshell, and don't care if I spoil it for you, here it is -- \oneness.\
We Tried It. When Sarah suggested we try this class, it began and ended with the words
Tales As Old As Time. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
The Waterfall Effect. When others feel broken in spirit, the peaceful human waterfall overflows with unconditional love, reserving judgment and calmly smoothing the rocky edges by listening, understanding, and forgiving.
HuffPost Poll. These are some of the questions posed to 1000 adults last week in a survey by YouGov on behalf of The Huffington Post, to
Farmers' Market Recipe Generator. When the farmers' markets are full of white eggplants, shell beans, baby squash, multicolored carrots and greens whose names
Mindful Spirituality. Back in 2000 when my dear friend Sabine Chaloupy took me to see her guru Amma in New York City, let's just say I that was ready to pooh-pooh the whole thing. Hugging? Really...? Are you serious? Whatever....
The Happiest States In America In One Map (INFOGRAPHIC). Geography is, of course, just one predictor of moods expressed on Twitter. The researchers also used their \hedonometer\ to
Feng Shui and Meditation. To begin, I have my client visualize a warm, healing, glowing golden energy that turns into a ribbon of light. With feet firmly on the ground, this glowing ribbon of light enters our bodies through the earth and travels through our organs.
Yoga. For it is only when we choose to follow the yogic path that we may enjoy its bounty, just as we must choose to spread the jelly to enjoy its sweetness.
Fructose, Fruit, and Frittering. Why does anyone need to make a case for eating fruit? We have cited the combination of \fruits and vegetables\ as the cornerstone of healthful eating throughout the entire era of modern nutrition, and it has been so since before the advent of modern humans.
Today. As I have gone through my life, I sometimes look back on the wasted days and weeks I have spent, sometimes chasing meaningless pursuits with guilt and regret. We all must live with our decisions. Now I strive to live life to the fullest and be the very best version of myself.
10 Quick Fixes For Summer Skin Problems. By Beth W. Orenstein Summer can be a bummer when it comes to your skin. When you're wearing shorts or swimwear, you have
Juice Cleanses. Might the chronic nutrient deficiency associated with prolonged cleanses and juice fasts lead to degenerative changes in bones and muscles two or three decades later? If we want to be healthy in brain and body, we must not rely on nutrients that would not even nourish a gnat.
Looking for Attention. Mental illness may be \all in your head,\ but that doesn't make it less real than having cancer or diabetes. And if someone you know is \vaguebooking\ or posting a depressed status, they might be just trying to reach out, to feel less alone in the battle against their own mind.
10-Minute Workout. Who says a jump rope is only for kids? In fact, jumping rope can burn as many calories as running -- and tone muscles in
5 August Superfoods To Try This Month. Yellow Summer Squash Why We Love It
Food and Lifestyle Make a Difference. In my own practice, I've seen how changing what my patients eat, how they exercise, how they think and how they live can make a gigantic difference in the numbers on their lab results, in their weight and their overall health and wellness.
Personalized Medicine. I'm very much looking forward to where personalized medicine will take us.  In the future, we may be able to make more accurate hip replacements, shoulder replacements and even smaller joints like the elbow and ankle.
The Day Peanut Butter Attacked Back. I probably don't have to tell you that confessing to the dermatologist what had happened was rather embarrassing. She looked at me completely perplexed and said (point blank), \You can't lick knives.\ This is when I earnestly reminded her, \You don't understand. There was still peanut butter on it.\
3 Nutrients To Help You Sleep Better. Bottom line
3 Real Reasons to Unplug (And They Have Nothing to Do With Your Boss). The urge to obsess over your own feed, your own tweets, your own take and view of the world, as well as other people's reception of it, can send you down a self-involved spiral, and as you can imagine, that creates more stress than it does satisfaction.
'Happy' the Documentary. Isn't it time we updated our values on a national level, in a national conversation? Because when we're happy, we know we're doing the right thing. I have a feeling it's as easy as that.
David Laibson, Harvard University Professor And Economist, On Techniques To Conquer Procrastination (VIDEO). However, procrastination can be conquered. Laibson recommends three practices that can help break the \I'll do it tomorrow
What Zen Looks Like Across America (PHOTOS). Honolulu, Hawaii Huntington Beach, California Summerland Key, Florida Pinetop-Lakeside, Arizona Albuquerque, New Mexico Virginia
Beef Recall. 10 lb. chub of \u201cNatureWell\ 80/20 Fine Ground Chuck, Product Code 7484 10 lb. chub of \u201cNatureWell\u201d 85/15 Fine Ground Beef
How to Stay Totally Focused on What Matters Most. Your calendar should reflect your business priorities. Here's how I made that happen--and you can too. Read more on Inc.
Acetaminophen Must Now Carry Warning Of Skin Reactions, FDA Says. Acetaminophen is found in Tylenol, as well as many other prescription and nonprescription drugs. Follow Rachael Rettner @RachaelRettner
Teen Dating Violence Affects 1 In 3, New Study Shows. A separate presentation by researchers Sabina Low, PhD, of Arizona State University, and Dorothy L. Espelage, PhD, of the
Life Begins at 29 - Just Ask Hugh Hefner. When your Saturn Return occurs, it's a time to rejoice and celebrate that you now have the maturity and awareness to change your circumstances and liberate yourself from elements of your life that are getting in the way of your happiness.
Huffington This Week. As chief medical officer Ashley Anderson Jr. puts it
The City to Appeal Appellate Court Ruling on Sugary Beverages. New York City became the first city to almost make supersize soda cups a thing of the past. But an appeals court issued a
Crazy for Kale... Or Not So Much?. Kale is more nutrient-packed than spinach, but due to its strong flavor, many of my clients have to add a lot of high-calorie extras to eat it. Spinach is more mild and can be enjoyed without as much \doctoring\ as kale.
Making The Case For Eating Fruit. Experts agree that we are eating too much sugar, which is contributing to obesity and other health problems. But in the rush
7 Tips For Living With The Wisdom Of A 70-Year-Old And The Passion Of A 20-Year-Old. For more GPS Guides, click here. By Rob White I have a friend who's 95. He loves to tell me that he meets Father Time, head
Learn Something New This Summer. If we hadn't done that dinner conversation, I never would have started painting this summer and I never would have realized how happy it made me. Add some flavor to your life by learning something new during this last month of summer. I promise, it'll be worth it.
I Lost Weight. There would be plenty of more to come. As the years went by, the scale went up. Once I crossed the 200-pounds mark, turning
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Making Sure Emotional Flooding Doesn't Capsize Your Relationship. Take timeouts when you need to. Sometimes you can self-soothe on the spot. At other times, you may need to take a break from the interaction. And by all means, don't get down on yourself when you do get tripped up and act out. That's what \I'm sorry\ is for.
Not All Happy Couples Have Had Happy Childhoods. Many of the couples we know who are living deeply fulfilling lives grew up in situations that were far from ideal, and some were downright wretched. So, you might ask, what then are the critical factors that determine the likelihood of relationship success?
The At-Home CrossFit Workout. By Janet Lee for Shape.com Proponents of CrossFit say it will push your limits, getting you fitter and firmer than ever before
5 Best Complements to Acupuncture. While daily acupuncture may be idealistic, you can use other activities to cultivate some of the same benefits that acupuncture provides. Here are five things that are easy to incorporate into your life right now.
A Happy Worker Is a Productive Worker. People want contentment, love and happiness derived from meaningful work. But with only 24 hours in a day, is it even possible? How can you as a manager, facilitate your employees' happiness and consequently increase your company's success as well as your own?
11 Rules For Success, From The People Who Got It Right. \Life was always a matter of waiting for the right moment to act.\ -- Paulo Coelho \The best and most beautiful things in
About 1 In 5 Americans Say Smoking Should Be Illegal. About one in five Americans say smoking should be completely illegal, according to a new Gallup poll. While the majority
Out of Sight, Out of Mind. How long does it really take to change a habit?  I definitely don't think the 21 days my friend referenced is enough, and if my experience is any guide, the 45 days isn't long enough to really change a habit, either.
Back Pain Treatment Straying From Clinical Recommendations, Study Finds. Clinical recommendations for treating back pain have long been to take acetaminophen or NSAIDs and to undergo physical therapy
The Rules for Dating When You're Gluten-Free. Relax! Dating should be fun -- not stressful. Being gluten-\u00adfree has its challenges, but is no less awkward than a number of other issues that could arise on a first date.
Dr. Drew Opens Up. \The only thing going on in an active addict's brain is, 'I've got to use.' And as a non-addict, I have to get re-directed on that all the time.\
Is There a Right 'Dose' of Swearing?. It would appear that there is a \dose\ of swearing that works best.  If you swear too much it reduces its benefit, but if you do not swear at all, you may not have as a high a pain tolerance. Swearing seems to have a protective effect -- to a point.
Ancient Practices Offer Teens Tools to Cope. On a brisk October morning, Bart van Melik taught a yoga class at Humanities Prep. Students arrived in the drafty auditorium for their first-period class. Some yawned and sighed as they straggled down the aisles in their hoodies and oversized jeans.
A Lesson in Karma and a Song to Sing. So how do we change our karma? Awareness is the answer. We must become fully aware of the process by which karma operates.
2 Best Exercises for a Flat Stomach. Of course, even the very best flat-stomach workout isn't going to do much for you if those nice muscles you build are covered with a layer of nature's comfortable camouflage -- a.k.a. fat.
How Your Job Is Slowly Killing You (INFOGRAPHIC). If you're part of that blissful 17 percent of the population who say that nothing about their job stresses them out, congratulations
Rituals and Mindful Eating Can Help You Control Your Weight. Long after everyone has devoured their portion and is looking for another helping, I'm still methodically biting the top to separate the chocolate from the wafer. Then -- and only then -- will I eat it.
Overcoming Creative Block by Letting Go. Lately, I have been craving the tangible, something physical, something that endures, rests on a table even. I keep thinking, if you want to paint -- then paint! If you want to take photos -- take 'em! What are you waiting for?
International Friendship Day. Decide who you want to be in the world and what kind of friend you want to be. Then choose your A-list friends accordingly.
How Email Is Swallowing Our Lives. One day several zillion years from now, when aliens from a faraway planet try to make sense of our long-defunct civilization
Arianna Huffington. Arianna Huffington, founder of The Huffington Post, held the first ever UK conference to discuss her new initiative, The
Sharing vs. Not Sharing. Did you know that kissing (the mouth-to-mouth kind--you know, the French kind) shares as many as 10 million to 1 billion
How The Brain Learns Successfully, Even Under Stress. In the new study, they found that unconscious learning can only take place when mineralocorticoid receptors are functioning
How Bill Clinton Became A Vegan. When Bill Clinton invited me to lunch in May, I knew better than to expect fried catfish or barbecued ribs. The former president
Bagged Salad Mix May Be Culprit Behind Stomach Bug Outbreak, Health Officials Say (VIDEO). According to NBC News, health officials in Iowa and Nebraska said Tuesday that prepackaged salad mix may be the source of
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
When People Don't Support Your Spiritual Path. When we embark on a spiritual journey, so many awesome shifts begin to happen. It's easy to become overly enthusiastic about them and want to share every detail with your loved ones. But the new developments in your life may not be easy for people to understand.
The Face to Fear. The face to fear is not going to wear a label to the untrained eye (though it may be discernible to trained law enforcement officials).  The normal looking kid may turn out to be truly dangerous while the \different looking\ person may be completely harmless.
8 Habits Of Insanely Fit People. They Find A Way To Enjoy Exercise Fitness is not one-size-fits-all -- and the fittest people understand that and dedicate
Why You Should Pursue Happiness. There are lots and lots of people who are actually unhappy. Their lives don't line up with their values, they feel like they don't fit, or they're stuffing down all of their \bad\ feelings in an attempt to be as happy as they think they should.
Regular Bedtimes for Children Aid Development. Consistency is an important aspect of healthy sleep routines at all ages, helping to strengthen circadian rhythms and ensuring sufficient time for sleep. This study suggests that consistency during these early, developmental years is critical, and can have consequences that extend beyond early childhood.
Geneen Roth Talks About Money, Food and True Happiness. The love for ourselves is already there. It doesn't need to be created. It's getting clouded over by behavioral patterns, beliefs and images from the media. I think we all naturally want to be at peace. We just need to look and see what's getting in our way.
6 Things You Don't Know About Kale. It Has More Vitamin C Than An Orange One cup of chopped kale has 134 percent of your recommended daily intake of vitamin
Arianna On Why We Need A New Approach To How We Work, Define Success (AUDIO). Arianna Huffington, the editor-in-chief of The Huffington Post, explains why she thinks we need a new approach to how we
Introducing Mindfulness In Organizations. A topic that often comes up - especially among coaches - is the challenge of introducing mindfulness into an organizational
'Hey Kids, Daddy Had Cancer' and Other Non-Starters. Cancer has this unfortunate way of putting an indelible mark on so much more than just the patient -- and it is these more nuanced side effects of what daddy's cancer has meant to us as a family that has sent me searching for what to say and when to say it.
An Open Letter to My Mind. To be honest, as I've worked on this so far I've found that most of our millions of thoughts are actually pretty irrelevant. They aren't about being smart, and they aren't even all that clever. They are just an ongoing, buzzing distraction that keeps me from fully enjoying things.
People Judge Intentional Harms More Severely, Study Finds. Researchers said these findings could have implications for both the legal system and policy-related judgments. \u201cIntentional
4 Things You Can Do At Your Desk To Be Happier. Happiness is a big, central goal for many of us and so is can feel like achieving it must involve big actions. But while
Happiness From Having A Purpose In Life Linked With Gene Activity. Researchers found that \people with high levels of hedonic well-being didn't feel any worse than those with high levels of
6 Steps to Controlling Your Emotions. To avoid the burn of acting out during an emotional upsurge, take a few simple steps to calm your heightened spirit and quiet your uneasy mind. When the moment has passed, you'll be grateful you were able to be the master of your emotions.
Does Your Favorite Music Help Or Hurt Your Workout?. The researchers took 52 selections of music, each with 130 beats per minute, but with different musical qualities. Participants
Migraine Frequency, Disability Linked With Poor Sleep. A good night's sleep may be extra-important for people who suffer from migraines, according to a new study in the journal
Being Outdoors Boosts Mental Well-Being For Veterans, Study Finds. The small study, which was commissioned by the environmental group the Sierra Club, included 98 veterans who went on a multi
Change the Channel. Try physical pleasure -- which helps calm down the stress machinery of your brain. Run water over your hands. Roll your head
74th Birthday, 54 Miles. A 54-mile bike ride to celebrate a 74th birthday is, indeed, very cool -- for many reasons. My father's lifelong devotion to physical activity is partly responsible for my own.
I Lost Weight. How I Gained It
6 Myths About Introverts To Stop Believing. Whereas introversion, as Dembling explains, is commonly defined as recharging and gaining energy through alone time, shyness
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
The Art of No. Have your \no\ phrases as ready as your business cards. Keep them handy. Keep them honest.
Manifest Like Never Before in 1 Easy Step. Remember that you are a powerful being and one of the greatest powers you have lies in surrendering to something even larger and more powerful than you.
The Top 5 Things to Do When a Loved One Is Dying. Needless to say, we are not taught how to face our own death or that of a loved one, and are likely to panic in death's presence. So start by recognizing this state of affairs, and don't pressure yourself to \do it right.\
5 Great Personal Training Apps To Help You Get Fit Without A Coach. Dilemma
Meditation In Action. So, moments of downtime in the day, like taking a shower or stroll, can help to showcase why many great ideas wait until
When Catastrophe Strikes -- Think Again. As we all face moments in our family, our nation or on our planet when neighbors are going through a living hell, we need to work harder at giving enough comfort and support to mourners in catastrophe.
Digesting the Implications of Breakfast. Research about breakfast tends to divide the world into those who skip and those who don't. But deferring and skipping are not the same. Skipping despite hunger, and deferring for want of it, are not the same. And clearly all breakfasts are not created equal.
How Wonder Eases Worry. When you feel yourself buried by worry, go outside, look around and also allow yourself to wonder how the universe keeps expanding and the flowers keep growing and the sun rises each day.
Fewer Americans Exercise Frequently This Year, Study Finds. Recently, a government report showed that only one in five Americans is getting the recommended amount of exercise each week
Fatigue as a Symptom of Repression. The next time you're feeling tired, question yourself, ask your body what it wants to say. The smallest new thought could reveal deeply hidden truths. Rather than dismiss these new ideas, include them.
Wheelchair Wisdom. When our hearts are open forgiveness, joy and gratitude evolve simultaneously, each supporting and feeding the others. Rather than focusing on what might have been more, better or different, why not start being grateful for what you've chosen?
Grief. Trying to make sense of a father and son dying, trying to fit that into my understanding of how the universe is operating... my understanding of the Dharma... my understanding of my dharma... A complete mystery. And for me also a tragedy. So today I went to yoga class drunk.
What Having a Brain Tumor Has Taught Me. I had an MRI of the brain, and it was determined that the tumor had grown significantly and needed to be removed. And while I hope you will never face such a thing yourself, you will inevitably face adversity.
Kali Hardig, 12-Year-Old Arkansas Girl, Struggles To Survive After Contracting Brain-Eating Parasite. Willow Springs Water Park is now closed; it was linked with another case of parasitic amebic meningoencephalitis in 2010
Full Moon Could Spur Bad Sleep, Study Suggests. TIME magazine explained how it is that the moon could have an effect on sleep, even when the study participants were indoors
A Dozen Ways to Oneness. There are endless ways to invoke your true home, your stillness, and deepest identity. In the coming weeks we will discover them together. Until then, breathe! And 10,000 blessings to you from all directions!
Free Your True Self. The true you is a living being. Life needs to be fed to grow or it withers away. Feed yourself new challenges, new experiences and new ideas.
Defining Success. Success always eluded me as a young kid, or at least I thought it did. I was the one in school who had to work hard for everything. Nothing came easy. And still, as an adult it seems like everything I have came as a result of blood, sweat and tears.
Yoga. Most people in the West are familiar with the word \yoga.\ But this familiarity is typically based on images of lithe young people in studios or gyms contorting themselves into a variety of different postures of varying degrees of difficulty.
Postcards From Lebanon. I'm going on a journey and wanted to invite you to join me. I've never been down this road, but it is a trek many have taken
Working From Home. It's now been about six weeks since all Yahoo! employees had to start showing up at the Internet giant's offices every day
Who's Crazy Now?. Health professionals may diagnose my condition in various ways, but for those of us on the other side of the looking glass, the validity of a diagnosis is only as good as the success of the remedy.
Remove Temptation To Stick To Long-Term Goals. The research, published in the journal Neuron, involved subjecting study participants to a test where they could either have
If I Were Anthony Weiner and Huma Abedin's Therapist. For more tips and advice check out Jonathan's book BE FEARLESS
Huffington Issue 60. This week in Huffington, we spotlight companies that see stress as an expensive threat to the balance sheet, and are in turn
How To Not Be A Slave To Technology. \u201cDistraction is the enemy to meaning,\u201d he says. \u201cSadly, we often atomize knowledge into pieces that don\u2019t have a home in
6 Healthy Popsicle Recipes That Put Your Neighborhood Ice Cream Truck To Shame (PHOTOS). Pickle Pops Photo
Super Thoughts. From worrying about something that hasn't even actually happened to making assumptions that what other people do or say has anything to do with us at all -- these are all ways that our mind likes to create illusions for us! And yes, we are ALL a little bit crazy like this at times.
Do Something Impossible. It's not that you need to wake up and seize the day. It's that you need to have a vision of what impossible thing you're supposed to do -- and that vision will allow you to let go of the protective coating that keeps you \asleep\ and numb to the pain of not knowing.
Ziggy Marley Says 'Love Can Never Have A Negative Effect, Only A Positive Effect' In Origin Magazine Interview (PHOTOS). ZM
Family History Strengthened As Cancer Risk Factor In New Study. \Our results point to several potential cancer syndromes that appear among close relatives and that indicate the presence
Researchers Present Striking New Hypothesis On Why We Sleep (VIDEO). We spend nearly a third of our lives sleeping, yet the reasons why we need to are still poorly understood. What we do know
The Up Side of Anxiety. Remember, anxiety is a normal part of life.  Our inner GPS uses it to \feel its way\ and guides us through our days and nights. Learn to understand it rather than avoid it. Seen through this light, anxiety can be a positive force in life.
Where Is the Love? Try Getting More Sleep. Sleeplessness interferes with our ability to manage conflict in relationships and makes us more likely to fight with our partners, according to new research. Even just one night of poor sleep can make couples more prone to conflict.
4 Key Ways to Become a Transformational Thinker and Get What You Want Out of Life. Whatever you are trying to achieve, I hope that you go for it. You can get what you want, and once you have it you are sure to experience the empowering feeling that comes from creating your own destiny.
One Guaranteed Way To Boost Your Happiness. But committing to a goal won't automatically guarantee that you'll feel better about your life. Sure, you'll be busier, but
Kale For Breakfast? Sneak Greens Into Your Morning Meal With These Recipes. Yes, we're all about leafy greens over here at HuffPost Healthy Living. We might have a favorite, but we really believe that
Why Optimists Seem To Handle Stress Better. The small study, results of which are published in the journal Health Psychology, included 135 people ages 60 and older who
Workout Clothes No One Should Actually Exercise In. Here at Healthy Living, we're pretty particular about our workout gear. She's hot then she's cold... Which is why we are
Summer Drinks to Cool the Body and Calm the Mind. Having recently quit coffee, I am determined to drink healthier beverages that don't leave me crashing in the afternoon or vibrating through meetings. Here are some healthier favorites.
Not-So-Safe Foods You Should Avoid. Some foods have been promoted as \healthy\ when they're exactly the opposite. Clean Plates founder Jared Koch shared nine examples. Here's an expansion on his observations.
Striving for Enough. It's not about the numbers. It's not about streamlining or looking \better\ to a society that hates my body type. It's about being healthy. Looking at the health problems I have and trying to lessen them. It's about being energetic, having stamina, and not being tired.
The Surprising Way to Choose a Yoga Teacher. The next time you leave a yoga class, take note of your feelings. Do you feel more grounded, happier and lighter? Are you inspired?
Skeptics, Brace Yourself. Greedy ghosts aside, the honor system seems to be a pretty solid one when it comes to garnering authenticity. We, as humans
Viewing Life through Facebook-Colored Glasses. You know those aphorisms designed to help you address some of life's challenges? The ones that contend that life is a marathon
Your Other Biological Clock. The muddled message we then send is that our meaning in life comes from the work we do.  While that may be true for some people, it's certainly not the case for many. Here are five ways to begin crafting more meaningful connections and lives.
Dementia Largely Undiagnosed In China. Researchers noted that health services in rural areas could play a role in low diagnosis rates, as could cultural factors
Why You Shouldn't Bother Instagramming At The Beach (PHOTOS). \We are encouraging San Diegans to be truly present at the beach, if only for a short time. We want everyone to turn off
Teen Marijuana Use Could Negatively Affect Brain -- At Least In Mice. Recently, a study conducted by Duke University researchers showed an association between regular teen marijuana use and a
10 Curious Cats Guaranteed To Inspire Creativity (PHOTOS). The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
The Key To Being Fearless At Work. We all know them
I Am a Jealous Yogi. Every yoga teacher I've ever had would balk at my confession -- adding a little friendly competition to my yoga has made me more invested in my practice. I will savasana better than you! I will ujjayi breath better than you! I will fall out of headstand better than you!
The Trendiest Vegetables Of The Last 50 Years. Hear that ruckus? It's the sound of sweet carrots and baby lettuces storming the menus at some of the world's best restaurants
Squirrel Plague Prompts Fears. The squirrel, which was trapped in mid-July in California's Angeles National Forest and underwent routine testing, prompted
Migraines Linked With Abnormal Blood Vessel Structure In The Brain. The researchers found that people with migraines were more likely to have an \incomplete\ circle of Willis than those who
ACE Inhibitors, Blood Pressure Drugs, May Slow Dementia, Small Study Suggests. \u201cIf someone with dementia needs an ACE inhibitor, then picking one that crosses the blood-brain barrier instead of one that
Productivity Hack. Ask a busy knowledge worker if they\u2019ve read any good books lately, and nine times out of ten, you\u2019ll get a response like
Game Changer. So, you failed. The screen is black. You are disappointed. BUT, WAIT! The screen comes back up and there you are again. Your health bar is full and this time you are armed with something else. The knowledge and experience gained from what happened the last time.
From 4, to 6, to Spandex. It seems whether you're a dog, a human, a flower or a tree, aging shows little mercy to those along its path.  You sag, you ache, you droop and dribble.  But as long as you can keep your tail up and wagging, you'll be surrounded by enough love to propel you forward.
Technology Problems Behind 1 In 4 Surgery Errors, Study Finds. Email Bahar Gholipour or follow her @alterwired. Follow LiveScience @livescience, Facebook & Google+. Original article on
B-50, Vitamin B Supplement, Contains Potentially Dangerous Steroids, FDA Warns. The FDA collected samples of the product and discovered the steroids. (Reporting by Toni Clarke in Washington; Editing by
Cross Training, Stay Hydrated Outdoors This Summer. Remember to bring that water bottle with you and drink a cup of water every 15 minutes or so while you are exercising. Don't wait till you're thirsty. If you're thirsty, you're already getting dehydrated.
Catherine Stewart, 28-Year-Old UK Woman, Has Maggots Removed After They Burrowed Into Her Skin. \I thought it was maybe some pus in there,\ she told the Discovery Channel. But when she pushed down on it, she felt something
Conjoined Twins Fight For Their Lives In India; Boys Share One Body, Two Heads (VIDEO). The unnamed baby boys are currently undergoing further testing at the J.K. Lone hospital of Jaipur, according to Indian wire
Can Fish Oil Cause Prostate Cancer?. Bottom line, this type of study does not prove cause and effect. If I did a study on sunrise and humans waking up, I would find 100 percent correlation, but that doesn't mean that the sun came up because you woke up. Correlation, yes; causation, no.
3 Ways Data Can Help You Set a Better Goal. Most of us have an ideal state of fitness we'd like to achieve, but getting there is another story. Setting goals can be a great motivator for pushing yourself -- whether that means running a half marathon or losing a few pesky pounds.
13 Squat Variations to Get You Strong -- Fast!. Let's face it. Planting both feet, tossing a barbell on your back and doing a traditional squat can get either boring or intimidating. But there are many different squat variations, and by sprinkling them into your workout routine you have exercise options if you just can't make it to the gym.
How and Why We Age. Twenty years ago little was known about the aging process. Many ideas existed but nothing was certain. Today we know how and why we age. We cannot control it just yet, but even that may change in the near future.
Yoga on the Road. As a yoga teacher and a lover of traveling, I believe that practicing yoga on the road is important. It makes transit to the remote destination so much more fulfilling.
How Medicare Is Robbing Your Health. Because this month Medicare rolled out its price-slashing program on blood sugar test strips. After requesting competitive
Myths And Facts About Weight Loss. More from U.S. News
What Untreated Sleep Apnea Means for Your Blood Pressure. The more we learn about sleep and sleep disorders, the more we realize that the symptoms of fatigue and sleepiness experienced by those with chronic sleep disruption are only the tip of the proverbial iceberg. In fact, poor sleep can exert its effects on nearly all medical conditions.
Why My Success Is Exactly the Same as Yours. It's true, I definitely want success as much as the next gal. Aw yeah, baby! Great success! And you want it, too, don't you?
The 3 Essential Tools for Building a Life You Love (Part 1). One of the most powerful steps you can take towards creating the life of your dreams is to take total ownership of everything that manifests within it. Your successes, failures, the way others treat you, your health, your happiness, etc. This is called taking personal responsibility.
Cancer Messed With the Wrong B*tch. If cancer isn't something to blame, then it certainly isn't something to recognize as the reason for you being the person you are today. That's all you.
Mindfulness. While people spout off the benefits of mindfulness to \get that\ or \achieve this,\ I think it is good to remember that the only moment we ever live is now.
MERS Unlikely To Cause SARS-Like Epidemic, Experts Say. By combining clinical records, laboratory results, and imaging findings with demographic data, the researchers found a trend
Does the Alcoholic/Addict Bring Out the Worst in You?. If there is one thing that my clients have reported through my years of counseling is the common thread or hue and cry that they don't like whom they have become, what they have turned into since dealing with their loved one's addiction issues.
Lee And Susan McIntire Discuss Sustainability And Balance At The Aspen Ideas Festival (VIDEO). \Sustainability should be everybody's issue really,\ McIntire said, \It's about sustaining -- sustaining your business, sustaining
Tall Women And Cancer. Researchers found that the taller a woman was, the higher her risk of developing cancer. In particular, every 3.94-inch increase
Dare to Be 100. So doctor son Walter and I proclaim that the true rate of age change in fit persons is a half a percent point per year. This
Spinach Is So Over. But it wasn't always this way
Focus on Life's Little Things to Be Happy. Not only is it important to recognize and appreciate every moment that brings you joy, it's also important to remember those moments. It's like creating a \happy memories\ bank.
How Meditation Helped Me Decide Whether I Should Have Another Child. Just over a year ago, I wrote about my ambivalence about having a third child. In that post, I said that we had always wanted
Let's Rethink Alzheimer's. We should reconsider our thought process on what underlies Alzheimer's, especially as it relates to the role of beta-amyloid. Remember, the enemy of my enemy is my friend.
For Better or Worse Until.... If you love each other you shouldn't fight, things will be consistently blissful forever, you never have to say you're sorry... about anything, you'll never be lonely again and about a thousand other things that will turn out to be untrue. The word for these beliefs is \illusions.\
Oxytocin Could Increase Anxiety, Fear In Response To Future Stress. The \love hormone\ may not be as warm and fuzzy as we thought. A new study shows that while oxytocin does play a huge role
Ultimate Guide To Good Posture At Work (INFOGRAPHIC). More from Greatist
A Conflicted, Fractured Mental Health System. Yes, meds are important.  For instance, those that change the chemistry of the brain through use of serotonin can help one to feel better.  But turning to this drug exclusively without talk therapy does not address what in an individual life may very likely be causing the depression.
Chemo Style. As any chemo veteran knows, it ain't easy being bald. Some patients can pull off a wig with panache. Others, to my great admiration, go boldly bald. I took the hat approach -- and gave it my all.
The Alarming Truth About 'Healthy' Cereal. One serving of Fruity Pebbles (three-quarters of a cup) has nine grams of sugar. That actually sounds pretty good, except
I'll Take the Lumpectomy, a Small Dose of Chemo and a Side of Acupuncture, Please. No one chooses cancer. It comes out of left field and forcefully throws you into battle, whether you're \prepared\ or not. Now that I am five years cancer free, I have figured out what key steps helped me deal with all my choices, and they just may be able to help you, too.
Berries Over Bugs. The ingredient in question is carmine. It's a red dye extracted from the dried, pulverized bodies of the cochineal insect -- an unphotogenic arthropod native to Mexico and South America with a fondness for cactus. Dannon uses carmine in four flavors of Fruit on the Bottom yogurt.
Seven Years to Live?. Once we experience the fragility of our lives, we realize how precious that life is. Knowing I might not see another summer, I can't tell you how much I am enjoying watching the colors on the trees and the squirrels and chipmunks playing on the ground.
Coffee May Lower Suicide Risk By 50 Percent, Harvard Study Indicates. The Harvard study joins a growing body of scientific evidence, which has provided confirmation of the health benefits of
Noise. There are two basic ways to go mad. One is historical and the other, existential. Your personality may be festering one or
What Silicon Valley Developers Can Teach Us About Happiness At Work. \We follow religiously the Agile precept which dictates that at the end of each 'sprint,' you have a session called 'retrospective
Online Yoga Classes Might Be A Solution For Anyone Who Has 'No Time' (VIDEO). What do you think? Would you take an online yoga class? Or is the real deal too sacred to mess with? Find out more in the
These Blissful Black And White Photos Make Us Feel Nostalgic. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Living in the Chemo Ward. I spent the better part of half a year in the chemo ward. It is one of the biggest things that drives me to continue to help people who are there, and keep people from having to go there.
Incentives Could Prompt Healthier Eating For Food Stamp Recipients. WASHINGTON, July 24 (Reuters) - Getting even a bit of extra money for buying more fruits and vegetables can help the poor
Sunglasses, Advil and a Bridesmaid Dress. A round or two of these poses and you'll be back to trying on pastel bridesmaids dresses and folding 300 wedding programs in no time.
Off the Cuff -- Which Alternative Blood Pressure Treatments Really Work?. Often physicians will also recommend healthy lifestyle changes in conjunction with high blood pressure medications. Which treatments come out on top when it comes to alternative therapies?
3 Natural Menopause Solutions. Women have been searching for alternatives to HRT to manage menopause symptoms. Now research reports the following alternative therapies can help relieve menopausal symptoms.
No Room for a Dog-Eat-Dog World in Health Care. When hospitals and doctors meet, they don't have to compete. Yes, it's a bit different than a dog-eat-dog corporate model, but in the end, a well-fed pack of dogs resting comfortably is by far a more enjoyable and healthy experience.
Cats Fed a Variety of Foods Are Less Finicky. One very important reason for offering your pet nutritional variety is to help prevent food allergies. When the same food containing the same protein is fed day in and day out for months or years, intolerances often develop.
Why We're Saying 'No Thanks' To Diet Soda. Sugar addiction researcher Nicole Avena, Ph.D., who is an assistant professor in the College of Medicine at the University
A Boy's Summer of Self-Discovery. I wanted to tell my boy, \I told you so,\ but I also wanted to tell my boy that it's fantastic that he figured out some important life lessons at such an early stage of his life.
Recent Study Implicates Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Prostate Cancer. This study does not tell us if these are valid concerns or not, and we can't make any meaningful conclusions from this new study. This study does NOT indicate that omega-3 supplementation or eating fish are a contributory factor in the prostate cancer equation for numerous reasons.
The Powerful Effects of Music in Memory Care. Fortunately, you don't have to be a physician, scientist, memory care specialist, or music therapist to make meaningful connections through music. So dust off that piano or CD player, or better yet, warm up your voice and start singing!
About Joy. Often, what keeps us from joy is the menacing assumption that life is happening other than where we are. So we are always leaving, running from or running to. All the while, joy rises like summer wind, waiting for us to grow in the open, large as willows it can sing through.
Decline in Cost of Health Care in America. A slower growth of health care cost would mean less burden on the individual family, freeing that family to invest in and live a higher quality of life. And for communities it would free billions of dollars for education, businesses, job creation, and future innovation.
You Won't Believe What The Human Body Can Do (PHOTOS). All photos by Getty Images The human body is a miraculous thing. It carries us to work every day of the week. Maybe even
Evolution of a Strand. I paid as much mind to my hair and face as I had to the wounds I had been dressing, performing rituals of grooming I had nearly forgotten. My heart swelled, and after a year of cellular and spiritual purging, I suddenly felt full.
The Facts About Fiber And Probiotics Are Murky, Health Experts Say (VIDEO). Another supplement that raises questions is probiotics. Research is positive for effectiveness in preventing bacterial infections
Heart Attack Rates Vary According To Well-Being Index Poll. Map which cities are the best for well-being and have the lowest heart attack rates with results of the new Gallup poll. Read
Dannon Under Fire For Use Of Carmine, Insect-Based Color Additive. Dannon produces the bright red hue of some of its yogurts not only with fruit, but with carmine -- a color additive made
Obesity Drugs And Weight Loss. The impulse to castigate the plus-sized\u2014even when, especially when, they are us\u2014runs very deep. And that\u2019s sad for two reasons
Stomach Bug Stumps CDC As Infection Spreads To More Than 275 People In Several States (UPDATE). Nearly 300 people in several states were struck recently by a mysterious stomach bug, according to the Centers for Disease
Dr. Seuss' Prescription For A Bad Day (PHOTOS). GPS Guides are our way of showing you what has relieved others' stress in the hopes that you will be able to identify solutions
Celebrities and Drug Addiction. As an addiction therapist, in the past 15 years of treating many different types of chemically-dependent individuals and their families, I have observed significant reasons as to why celebs and drug addiction seem to come together so often.
Meditation on No-Self. At the risk of sounding obscure or of totally misleading you, I'll try to describe the experience of no-self. You know all the feelings in your body? Just let those arise in spaciousness and pass away.
Life Satisfaction Peaks At Ages 23 And 69, Study Suggests. The study, which was published by the Centre for Economic Performance at the London School of Economics, also showed that
Scientists Warn Health Systems Could Be 'Overwhelmed' By Mental Illness Costs. Publishing a study that put the estimated costs of brain disorders in Britain alone at more than 112 billion pounds ($172
Breakthrough Designation. In the 1990s, she said, the agency was not seeing drugs whose promise could be detected in early clinical trials. J&J's ibrutinib
Fitness Experts Share Their All-Time Favorite Moves. See the full Sprawl below
Today's Thoughts Are Tomorrow's History. Normally we are looking through the lens of our prejudices and needs, through past regrets or future hopes, but without these we find each moment is infused with uniqueness, that everything is constantly fresh, new and unknown.
How Cancer Impacts Your Body and Self Image. If this doesn't sound too crazy, my cancer experience probably improved my self-image. How you ask? Because I realized that self-image is about who you are as a person, not wholly how you look.
Cancer Survival. Maybe a cancer diagnosis isn't as black and white as live or die. With the sudden threat of an expiration date, it's natural to at some point wonder, what could I be doing better? How do I make the most of my short time
How To Meditate Without Meditating At All. Your meditation doesn't have to emulate the Buddha's 49-day retreat. Whether you think there's no time for a mindfulness
No One Tells Us We Can't Have the Dessert From Hell!. EACH SERVING CONTAINS Even the queen of high cholesterol cooking, Paula Deen, due to her personal health concerns, has decided
Recommendations for Avoiding Toxic Pet Treats. A high-quality pet treat will not contain grains or unnecessary fillers, rendered animal by products, added sugar (sometimes hidden in ingredients like molasses and honey), chemicals, artificial preservatives, or ingredients known to be highly allergenic to pets.
Here's Your Cancer Medal. Here's a newsflash
Nataly Kogan, Founder Of 'Happier,' Says That Pancakes Are The Key To Happiness In Her TEDTalk (VIDEO). On the pursuit of happiness? According to Nataly Kogan, co-founder and CEO of Happier, Inc., your search could end with a
These Fake Jobs Are Way More Stressful Than Your Real Job (PHOTOS). And last, but not least, they are literally drowning in work (and no one can hear them scream). Employers withhold the right
Dear America. This simple early-morning random act of kindness changed my outlook for the entire day. And when you start performing these acts today and tomorrow, I promise they will change your outlook as well.
11 Magical Boats That'll Help You Drift Off Into Peace (PHOTOS). When there are too many tasks in the day and not enough time, getting far away from your problem feels like the only solution
The 7 to 10-Minute Workout Myth. My point is that the idea of a seven to 10-minute workout is what we as humans are best at. Wanting change with minimal effort. People will say that slower workouts never work. I disagree.
Gratitude and Goodbye to 10A. So I am leaving this place I called home for most of my life, for an as yet unknown destination. It is an adventure filled with uncertainty and apprehension. Anticipation spiced with a bit of fear.
Why Our Thoughts Are Not Real. Let's say that at this moment you are having a thought about a friend, something specific that she did, and what you want to say to her in response. That friend who you are thinking about is not experiencing your thought. If you don't engage with that thought, it will literally not exist.
To Take a Risk Or Not?. The benefits of risk-taking aren't just abstract ideas people hope for. Many great successes in our world come from people or groups taking risks. How do we know which risks are the right ones to take?
Good Taste. Many people make snap judgements about us with little or no time for further investigation. By delving into the realms of well-designed clothing, superb footwear and elegant grooming, our aspirations become more sophisticated.
Heartland Virus Is Transmitted By Ticks. The Heartland virus, a mysterious virus first identified last year in two Missouri farmers, is indeed transmitted to people
Letting Caregivers Actually Care. It is not a strength to be self-sufficient at all times in all circumstances.  The people you love are dying to be there for you, and we in turn need to reciprocate that.  It's a gift that we can give, and that we owe, to the people who put everything aside just so our lives can be a little more tolerable.
FDA Warns 15 Companies Over Fraudulent Diabetes Product Claims. \Diabetes is a serious chronic condition that should be properly managed using safe and effective FDA-approved treatments
Obesity. Much as cancer care has to be personalized based on genetics and risk factors, obesity also needs to be seen as a disease resulting from a complex interaction of unique factors for each patient.
Belly-flops Can Cause Injuries. A
New Testing for Down Syndrome. My hunch is that obstetricians on the front lines -- the ones who counsel pregnant women every day about their testing options -- will realize that the new tests are just plain better. Patients of all ages -- who can inform themselves more easily than ever before -- will demand them too.
Let It Go. Make space for the disappointment or grieving that's natural when you let go of something that's been important for you. It's normal to feel sad about a loss. Then after a while, it occupies your mind less and less, and you move on to more fruitful things.
Yoga for Improving Your Posture. Mountain Pose (variation) If you have a shoulder issue, don't swing your arm around behind you. Rather, go slowly and use
Picking Up Your Life. We all have areas of our lives where we feel stuck or unfulfilled at times.  That's not a problem -- it's perfectly normal, and often the irritation required for us to choose to pick up our life.
Estrogen and Evidence. We are certainly not saying that every woman with a hysterectomy should take estrogen. Our argument is exactly against the oversimplification of one-size-fits-all approaches.
Risk Of Death From Injury Or Accident Is Higher In The Country Than The City. The most common causes of injury-related deaths were motor vehicle crashes, which occurred at more than twice the rate in
Feel A 'Phantom Vibration' Of Your Phone? You're Probably Stressed. A study done by the British Psychological Society in December 2012 found that the personal use of smart phones, even if it's
An Interview With Arianna Huffington. I was lucky enough to meet Arianna at the Third Metric Conference she hosted recently in New York. The idea behind the Third
Do Lycopene-Rich Tomatoes Offer Cancer Protection?. Lycopene, like so many molecules from nature, is a multitasker. It has has many effects on our cells and has more than one gift to give.
The Year's Half Over. I came up with a few questions I found useful to ponder as I reviewed my year-to-date progress. Start off this process on a good note by reviewing and celebrating what you have accomplished so far this year -- even if it wasn't on your original to-do list.
Childhood Trauma and Adult Alcohol Abuse. These findings are important for two reasons. First, they support the notion that genetics alone are not sufficient to account for a person's vulnerability to addiction. Prior experience also plays a role. Second, the results point a direction for areas that need to be explored in treatment.
The Low-Tech Revolution to Health Care Reform. It took me a decade -- first as a caregiver to my mother, and then as a practicing physician and patient advocate -- to figure out that the story is absolutely fundamental to medical practice. Indeed, it can save your life.
When Your Husband Has Cancer You May Have to Lie. When you ask, \How's he doing?\ accept that it's in your and my best interest for me to be non-specific. So I have to say, \He's doing okay,\ and leave it at that. We can then be appreciative that you asked, and you can be thankful to not know more. They say the devil is in the details.
Fifty Shades of Blue. Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.  I'm pretty good at failing, so I guess I'm doing well.
Do These 1960s Health Claims Still Ring True?. Sugar helps you lose weight? Get the fastest tan under the sun? Find out which of these 'Mad Men'-era health claims from
What Is Man?. This has long been foreseen, but never accepted. Once we get used to it, this perspective will enable us to reduce suffering
'If You Don't Ask, You Don't Get'. Let's face it, nobody likes to be told \no.\ Because the fear of rejection is so strong, there is a tendency for some of us is to sit back, lay low, stay quiet and thus, stay stuck in the box. The key is to remember if we don't ask, the answer will always be an automatic no.
Pen\u00e9lope. In line with my items, I feel good energy from behind the register. This bright-eyed young woman is the source. While making change for the person in front of me, she breaks into song.
Pounding, Throbbing, Sharp Or Dull? What Your Headache Is Trying To Tell You. Below are some of the crucial questions you should keep track of when it comes to your headaches -- and a basic picture of
The Absence of Presence. Have you ever had the feeling that someone is not really there? It could be them or you. Either the person in question is
Skipping Breakfast Tied To Heart Attack, Coronary Heart Disease Risk. Skipping breakfast isn't uncommon; a recent survey from the NPD Group showed that approximately 10 percent of Americans don't
We Resort To Habits Under Stress -- Even Healthy Ones, Study Finds. \So, the central question for behavior change efforts should be, how can you form healthy, productive habits? What we know
7-Up Maker Drops Vitamin E, Will Stop Making Health Claims About Drink [UPDATED]. But according to CSPI's communications director, Jeff Cronin, the company would not put anything in writing. \That's why
Plain Packaging On Cigarettes Could Help Stop-Smoking Efforts. Here's one way to make cigarettes less appealing
How to Unplug for Vacation. If you say you're off the grid for vacation, you act that way. Because as soon as you respond to one work email, you change the game -- and the expectations.  In fact, what you're doing is telling people not to believe what you say, because you do something different.
3 New Ways Kirtan Kriya Helps Keep Your Brain Sharp. For the past 12 years, the ARPF has organized, helped design, and fund innovative research on a simple 12-minute singing yoga meditation called Kirtan Kriya (KK). This work has specifically focused on reducing risk factors for Alzheimer's disease and the enhancement of total brain fitness.
Meditation In Action. Step 10 Try focusing on the sensation of the foot striking the floor. The sense of rhythm can be very relaxing and it\u2019s an
19 Foods That Aren't Food. By Mandy Oaklander for Prevention.com \Everything in moderation\ is usually pretty sound advice, but let's face it
It's Amazing What You'll Discover Through New Eyes. You really don't have to go all that far on your voyage of discovery to find something new. You just need to have new eyes.
God's Hotel by Victoria Sweet. Slow medicine does not disavow fast medicine
How To Sleep Well During The Summer (VIDEO). For many people, getting enough restorative sleep is much easier said than done, even though we know sleep deprivation can
Why 'Follow Your Passion' Is Bad Career Advice. The idea of work-life balance may seem increasingly archaic in today's world of 24/7 connectivity, but finding an employer
365 Days of You. I know that the true magic of this video lies in the baby's transformation from a shriveled newborn into the makings of a little man. But I'm going to let Indigo inspire me to have a looser grip on negativity and an easier slip into joy and peace.
5 Things About Yoga That Just Aren't True (And The Cats To Prove It). You Have To Be Flexible To Practice Think you're not flexible enough to take a yoga class? \That's exactly why you should
A Yoga Practice To Cure Your Desk-Job Ailments (VIDEO). We've all heard that sitting is the new smoking -- the American Medical Association has warned of the possible dangers of
Break A Sweat During Exercise To Keep Stroke Risk Low. Everyone knows that exercise is good for your health, integral to keeping your risks of conditions like heart attack, diabetes
4 Tips to Ensure That You Celebrate Your Wonderfulness On Your Birthday (Or Any Day!). It's a self-fulfilling prophecy as the more you focus on what you don't have, the more you feel like you don't measure up. Listen, we are all human and it's natural to notice what someone else has, but if you can catch yourself once you make that observation then you will be able to keep it all in perspective.
Nut-Free Recipes With All The Flavor And Crunch. By Matthew Kadey for Shape.com Banana bread just isn't banana bread without walnuts, it seems. But with the rising tide of
Women. Poor and insufficient sleep is associated with a range of cardiovascular problems, including high blood pressure, heart attack, and heart failure. A new study suggests that for women who already have heart disease, poor sleep may be particularly dangerous to their heart health.
The Cocktail for Success. Everyone wants to be a success in their own way, but the fear of failure is often a limitation stopping many from achieving their full greatness. No one wants to fail, yet everyone fails sometimes.
5 Steps to a Blissfully Unproductive Weekend. It's summertime, and the living (should be) easy. Too bad the workweek -- with its hectic pace and jam-packed to-do list -- doesn't always cooperate. For most of us, Friday just can't come soon enough.
3 Bad Habits Fit People Don't Have. 3. \My friends are couch potatoes.\ Does the leader of your wolf pack plan most of your gatherings? Do you find yourself
Some People Don't Belong in the Kitchen -- And I'm One of Them. I'm not your pie-baking big-family-gathering-hosting kind of gal. I used to apologize for that. I'd apologize, and attempt another experiment. I'm all finished with those.
5 Tips to Keep You Working Out All Summer Long. Set your summer goals. Are you looking to run a fall marathon, take a backpacking trip or simply feel good baring more skin? When you have a set goal that you are working toward, your workouts become more meaningful.
Asian Immigrants. Does frugality have to be synonymous with being unhealthy? \The answer is no,\ said New York chef Irene Khin, who runs Saffron59, a catering business that specializes in Asian-fusion cuisine told me. \You can make a nutritious meal for less than a McDonalds' lunch combo and feed three people.\
Startup Idol. Nataly Kogan understands the pursuit of happiness -- in her younger years, she lived for it.\u00a0 As a Jewish refugee from Soviet
Family-Style Fitness. If we are really serious about doing something to reverse the unfitness of many Americans, we need to have places to exercise that are inexpensive or free, convenient and open when families have the time to use them.
Healthy Breakfast Ideas. Combine the oats, chia seeds and milk or water. Top with blueberries and yogurt. Allow the mix to sit in the fridge overnight
Cancer-Related Fatigue. *Hong Zhao, Qingyuan Zhang, Ling Zhao, Xu Huang, Jincai Wang, and Xinmei Kang, Spore Powder of Ganoderma lucidum Improves
Taking a Digital Breath in the Work-Life Merge. While taking a digital breath might be contrary to our competitive nature in a 24/7 marketplace, it allows us to take a step back from info-overload and our demanding lives as cogs in the wheels of commerce.
One Little-Known Way To Supercharge Your Brain (And Have The Best Weekend Ever). If you're nervous about missing something important -- that classic \old FOMO scenario,\ as Adams puts it -- there are a
Choices. What do you stand for? Who do you choose to be? Why are you here? I understand that it can be very difficult today to answer these questions given all the different voices around.
Personal Best. Best is a habit.  Indeed, Aristotle is credited with pointing out that excellence is not an act, but a habit!  Now, I have spoken with many people who say they do their best, they try their hardest -- and I believe them.  But trying is not doing.
Team Hoyt To Run 2014 Boston Marathon (VIDEO). The Hoyts are a well-known entity at the Boston Marathon. The father-son duo has competed together for 34 years in over 1,000
Fail and Shine. We hear it a lot. So many stories, entrepreneurs, innovators, inspiring figures who share with us their ultimate advice
The Blow Dry Meditation. Behold
How I Became the World's Leading Expert. I felt very frustrated and depressed for much of my 20s because I believed I was not diving far enough into any line of work to develop expertise. Nothing seemed to captivate me for long with the kind of zest that I wanted to feel.
Morning Routine Makeovers. You Don't Eat Breakfast You Hit Snooze Or, as tech leader Joel Gascoigne put it in an essay for Lifehacker about his morning
Empathy. It's hard to feel connected to others. It's painful. It's often much easier to retreat into our daily routines and busy ourselves with the mundane activities of our lives.  And we need to do that. Don't get me wrong.  But every now and then, we have to ask ourselves if we've retreated too much.
More Action Needed for Seniors' Oral Health. For more by Dr. Harold Katz, click here. For more on dental health, click here. Roughly 75 million Americans are considered
How to Stop Procrastinating on Your Goals by Using the 'Seinfeld Strategy'. So often, we assume that excellence requires a monumental effort and that our lofty goals demand incredible doses of willpower and motivation. But really, all we need is dedication to small, manageable tasks. Mastery follows consistency.
The Non-Rule, 'Rules' of Dating. In the past, I had a negative image of having fun while dating. I thought that if I told men I wanted to have fun they wouldn't take me seriously. But what I have found is just the opposite.
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
A Simple Secret for Living to 100 and Beyond. Could it be that after healthy conscious eating and regular physical activity, the next most powerful key to a long life is kindness?
How to Overcome Freakouts. What truly successful happy people seem to know is that we are not defined by our many, many short-lived moments. Instead, we are defined by our patterned choices and actions over the long haul.
I Am Now the 'Healthy Guy'. \When I started, I could only do one single push-up. I ran four miles last weekend up the hills near our home while my 8-year-old rode her bicycle. That was something I could never even have imagined doing a year ago.\
Top Reason Patients Sue Doctors. Troxel cited heart attacks in women as an example of how suits regarding missed diagnoses led to greater awareness among
Is This High-Tech Workout The Next Great Exercise Craze?. When a serial entrepreneur met a martial artist, a new fitness concept was born. Can Fitwall's high-tech workout make it
Bird Flu. The new findings are \u201cworrisome,\u201d says Charles Chiu, an infectious disease expert at the University of California, San Francisco
Smoking Could Spur Alcohol Cravings In Brain, Study Suggests. However, scientists at the Baylor College of Medicine in Texas have now discovered that nicotine exposure in rats prior to
Extroversion In Young Adulthood Linked With Well-Being Later In Life. For more personality traits that could help you live a long and happy life, click through the slideshow
The Double Tragedy of Medicine's Battlefield Mentality. Most of the physicians I have worked with and/or coached have their own version of this story, something bad that happened followed by complete isolation. It has hurt us all. Let's vow to end this compounding of the natural tragedies that occur in our profession.
Free Yourself From Bullies and Attract People Who Respect You. Be willing to be vulnerable, befriend your fears, and remember that this situation is happening for you, not to you. It's helping you step out of victim into mastery of yourself. It's helping you expand even more into who you are.
Lethal Placebo. All forms of hormone replacement for all women at menopause was never right, but nor is NO forms of hormone replacement for NO women at menopause. There was always baby and bathwater here, and we have egregiously failed to distinguish between the two.
The Material World. Our time in the Kali Yuga ensures that our spiritual pursuits will remain difficult for quite some time. Some of us may have a smoother ride because we have reincarnated from a more spiritually present path, but nevertheless it will remain a bumpy journey.
3 Tips For Picking The Best Mattress (VIDEO). Trouble falling or staying asleep? The secret to getting a good night's rest could lie in your mattress. Certified spine
Retiring Without Stress. This is an opportunity to really look deeply. What do you want to do with your newfound time? Look for the intersection of common sense and what will nurture you.
Building Trust in Less Than 10 Minutes. Building trust is not easy. It is typically earned over time, through shared experiences and tests of loyalty. In medicine, and in the field of anesthesiology in particular, the luxury of time is unavailable. Trust needs to be built in a matter of minutes.
8 Keys to Creating a Loving, Joyful Relationship. Do you believe that if you have to work on a relationship, it's not the right relationship for you? Having worked with couples for 45 years, I can tell you without a doubt that this is NOT true!
Sudden Death Risk From Exercise Linked to Arrhythmia Gene. Arrythmia Gene Screening in Our Future \u201cThere have been reports of increased atrial fibrillation in athletes,\u201d he added. Not
Depressed?  Your \SEEKING\ System Might Not Be Working. And once the PANIC-Grief System is set in gear, the SEEKING System can no longer function vigorously. Jaak Panksepp, the
Fish Tales and Prostate Cancer. Is it plausible that higher omega-3 intake increases prostate cancer risk, but decreases breast cancer risk? I suppose the subtleties of carcinogenesis might allow for it, but I find it very far-fetched; if it doesn't stretch the envelope of credibility to the tearing point, it sure comes close.
Blood Test Could Soon Track Multiple Sclerosis. \u201cA couple weeks is a while to struggle with something and wonder if it's going to be this way forever,\u201d Reed added. A blood
How One Woman Went From Obesity to a Bikini Body. This post will explain exactly how Briana, a mother of three and reader of my blog, lost 100 pounds. It's a lot simpler than you might think.
How To Focus A Wandering Mind. We've all been there. You're slouched in a meeting or a classroom, supposedly paying attention, but your mind has long since
Herlinda Garcia, Texas Woman, Wins $367,500 In Court After Breast Cancer Misdiagnosis. Imagine being told you had an advanced form of cancer, only to find out months later -- after undergoing chemotherapy and
How to Change a Conversation With One Simple Word. As we celebrate the glorious summer season, don't forget to smell the roses. Take an extra moment to enjoy the long days with a walk in the park, a row on the lake, and picnics galore.
Antibiotic-Resistant Bacteria Found In Hudson River. Researchers found that certain parts of the Hudson seemed to harbor more antibiotic-resistant bacteria than others, including
Surviving Cancer Won't Be My Biggest Accomplishment. As I reflect on the one-year anniversary of my cancer diagnosis, I don't really know how to feel or how to make sense of it. I survived it. I remember it every day, and will always live with the aftermath of it. Still, I must keep moving forward.
Agriculture Subsidies Promote Obesity, Charges New Study. While over $19 billion has funded corn and soy, which in turn show up in processed foods as sweeteners, thickeners and other
Scientists Find It's Possible To Silence Chromosome Responsible For Down Syndrome. The findings are detailed in an article published in the journal Nature. Even though the University of Massachusetts Medical
6 Ways To Reduce Desk Distractions. It\u2019s easy to get distracted by the little things that life throws your way. De-clutter your desk, and life, from distractions
A Call to Action. Everyone has a demon to fight, and for some, it's simply not as easy as others because their brains operate differently. They are the addicts.
The Alzheimer's Reality. Like many diagnosed with Alzheimer's, my mother was angry and hostile in the early phases. Four years later, she's helpless and docile. The woman who managed a busy medical practice has no idea what day or year it is.
Your Go-To Guide For Choosing Healthier Grains (INFOGRAPHIC). Research by Nicole McDermott;\u00a0Graphic by Laura Culhane\u00a0 More from Greatist
PFCs, Manufacturing Chemical, Could Affect Women's Thyroid Functioning. \The immune system is more sluggish when these kids are vaccinated,\ the researcher of that study, Dr. Philippe Grandjean
Regrets From the Last Days With My Mother. Whether we're able to consciously or subconsciously reason away our regrets or not, it's best to be prepared to experience them when we're dealing with a loved one's end of life. No matter what, there will be regrets.
10 Mindsets That Undercut Your Happiness. These deeply-held beliefs and faulty assumptions prevent us from putting ourselves out there and taking risks, strategies that happy people rely on to succeed.  They also prevent us from having those tough conversations, whether with ourselves or with important people in our lives.
Public Journal Club. Although further investigations may be useful in further legitimizing this innovative method in controlling blood pressure, this study demonstrates that there may be more effective ways in managing hypertension than the current standard of care.
What's In Your Egg-White Breakfast Sandwich Might Scare You (VIDEO). A consumer might reasonably assume that when a restaurant offers a dish with egg whites, those \whites\ will be made entirely
Is There a New Form of Value Taking Shape in America?. When a culture of high expectations finds itself between mythologies, it really is between a rock and a hard place.  Given America's vast resources, habitable landscape, and culture of plenty, we never needed to pause to reflect.  We just keep on going like the Energizer bunny.
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
The 5 Health Tests Women Can't Ignore. When it comes to women's health, there are five health tests that have saved lives and helped improve the quality of life for millions of women, and yet are still underutilized, ignored or forgotten about.
The Brain on Dizzy. With head injury, these crystals in Nellie's semicircular canals got knocked off and went rogue, rattling around, so the slightest movement, like moving her head from left to right while reading, created a feeling of \dizziness.\
Why Am I Attracted to Bad Boys (or Bad Girls)?. Unfortunately, more and more people find themselves in harmful and destructive relationships.
Yoga and the Science of Sleep. Sleep is a function of the parasympathetic nervous system, the system devoted to rest and digestion. Not surprisingly, sleep onset (the natural oncoming of sleep) and yoga are both associated with an increase in parasympathetic activity.
The Silence Inside the Silence. The full dimensions of love are experienced directly in silence. The silence inside the silence is a force beyond any worldly power.
Thoughts on Turning 30. Life these last 10 years has had some incredible ups and some awful downs, but for the most part I have primarily lived in between those extremes, and for that I can say I feel incredibly blessed.
Dare to Be 100. Being necessary conveys many implications, small and grand. The dimensions of these applications, grandiose or minimal, are not so important as their direction.  Being necessary to me means being an energy source, rather than an energy sink.
Media Madness. The first thing you need to know is that no fish oil supplements -- or any other kind of supplements, for that matter -- were given in this study. None. This study looked at blood levels of long-chain fatty acids such as those found in fish (EPA and DHA).
Accepting and Embracing Grief. It seems that everywhere we look these days, we see news clips about one catastrophe or another. When we are faced with so many saddening facts and stressful events, how can we help ourselves and our loved ones heal?
Large West Nile Outbreaks Follow Warm Winters, Study Finds. However, people tend to forget about a disease, because of \short attention span,\ while the virus is still around and the
Rochelle Harris, British Woman, Has Flesh-Eating Worms Removed From Her Ear. The scratching sound that Rochelle Harris kept hearing was all in her head -- literally. By
The Neuroscience Of Talking About Ourselves. In order to distinguish between these two possibilities, the researchers conducted a follow-up experiment. In this experiment
Is It Time For A Digital Detox?. Randi Zuckerberg called it exactly right. In her recent roundup of the top 10 social media trends, the former Facebook chief
'Work-Life Balance' Should Be 'Work-Life Integration'. Last week I wrote about a new vacation policy at Lendio, which is where I spend my workday. Since that time, there have been
Women in Pain. One of the most striking aspects of this tragic increase in women dying from painkiller overdose is its occurrence in the context of a well-documented history of the under-treatment of women in pain.
Don't Ever Be in a Food Emergency Again. Here are easy-to-make or easy-to-buy foods that you can grab and go anywhere with. We all travel out of the house frequently, and with a little bit of planning and shopping, we can stay healthy and keep ourselves out of food emergencies.
'Healthy' Smokers Still Face Cell Damage, Study Shows. Smokers who think they're healthy because they don't have symptoms of lung disease might just be fooling themselves. A small
People With Bipolar Disorder More Likely To Die Younger, Study Finds. People with bipolar disorder are more likely to die earlier, a new study of Swedish adults suggests. \We identified multiple
Diet and Exercise. I have learned that treating my body well has an enormous impact on my mental and emotional well-being.  I have learned from the mistakes I have made, and know now that eating healthy and exercising are important, whether one has a genetic mutation or not.
MERS Not A 'Public Emergency Of International Concern,' WHO Committee Says. Its 15 international experts issued a unanimous decision after hearing reports from authorities in Saudi Arabia and other
India Arie Talks Vulnerability, Meditation And The Creative Process (PHOTOS). IA
Junk Food Linked With Colorectal Cancer Risk. Researchers said the new finding falls into line with past studies on diet and colorectal cancer risk, which showed that
Lifetime Of Obesity Tied To Heart Disease Risk Factor. Researchers from the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute found that the rate of coronary artery calcification is higher
Keeping Your Spiritual Equilibrium. Eeach of us has a different comfort level when it comes to keeping a sense of \balance\ or \harmony.\  But sometimes certain things can be disruptive to that balance, and we don't always listen to our inner voice that tells us \this doesn't feel good.\
When Critical Illness or Death Catches You By Surprise. Bear witness to what is happening inside yourself.  Are you shocked?  Angry?  Unable to listen?  In denial?  Wanting to believe this is a lab error?  These are all perfectly normal responses, but they do not serve as a solid foundation from which to respond to the situation.
Colorectal Cancer Survivors May Face Risk Of Second Cancer. Researchers found that people whose colorectal cancer tumors were in the transverse to descending parts of the colon had
Is It Really All Going to Turn Out?. For a large part of my life I intended things to turn out, I wanted things to turn out, I did my best to make things turn out... but deep down, I felt that they wouldn't.
Exercise In A Pill? The Search Continues. Two newly published studies investigate the enticing possibility that we might one day be able to gain the benefits of exercise
Make a Move for Breast Cancer Prevention. Speaking of Tai Chi, let's talk first about exercise. I've heard for years that exercise helps decrease the risk of breast
6 Mind Hacks That Keep Stress In Check (Really!). Erase and replace. With the tap of a key, you can delete a typo from your screen. The same goes for a stressful thought. Miller
The Village and the Box. Once upon a time, there was a village who unknowingly slept under the spell of enchantment that poured through a Box. Powerful
Why You Should Travel Through Life At The Pace Of A Sea Turtle (PHOTOS). Flickr:jurvetson For more GPS Guides, click here. If Crush from \Finding Nemo\ is even somewhat true to life, we can assume
3 Things I Learned About How to be Happier. My father is a scientist, so I turned to science on happiness and had a \holy crap\ moment
Top 10 Yoga Postures for Strength. Yoga is more than just stretching and relaxation. Daily yoga practice includes a comprehensive system that builds strength in the body and mind. There are some key postures that helped me access the deep reservoir of inner fortitude that every person contains within.
Money Stories. An old adage states that your SELF WORTH = NET WORTH. Everything becomes worthy of your greatness. When we fix the other
I'm Not Trying to Be Well-Adjusted. The other day, someone told me that I seemed like a \relatively well-adjusted veteran.\ It's been six years and counting, and to be honest, I hope I'm never all that well adjusted. None of my heroes ever has been.
The Pursuit of Unhappiness. In the pursuit of productivity, we can fall into the habit of thinking the only ideas worth our attention are those with commercial value. But when you channel your creative energy into something you love, you may stumble into success.
Me and Angelina. What do I have in common with Angelina Jolie? We're both moms. We both discovered through DNA testing that we carry the BRCA1 genetic mutation. We both opted for a prophylactic bilateral mastectomy to dramatically reduce our risks. And we have both been criticized for our decisions.
See What I See. Empathy is a day-to-day struggle of sorts, a test of our compassion and capacity for listening with understanding. It pushes us to break from the limits of our own stories, our own biases, and see someone in a different light.
Dance Like No One Is Watching. I thought I would honor National Dance Day (July 27) with a reminder that dancing is not only loads of fun, but extremely healthy for the body and the soul.
Best Hospitals. Chicago's Northwestern Memorial Hospital jumped the highest in Honor Roll rankings from last year, from 12th to sixth place
How To Hydrate Smarter. A new breed of sports drinks, backed by a decade of studies, are challenging common assumptions about how best to hydrate
Find Stillness. Moving toward ultimate matters, and where language fails, you may have a sense of something unchangingly transcendental, divine. Or, perhaps related, an intuition of that which is unconditioned always just prior to the emergence of conditioned phenomena.
Gluten-Free Takeout. Infographic by Jan Diehm for The Huffington Post. The popular food delivery website GrubHub started tracking the gluten-free
How To Make Your Vacation Buzz Last. With a vacation on the horizon, life can seem a little bit brighter. Looming deadlines don't seem so hard to meet, to-do
How to Counteract Cellphone Radiation. Isaac Eliaz, MD, MS, LAc, integrates Western medicine with his extensive knowledge of traditional Chinese, Tibetan, Ayurvedic
Why We Need To Treat America's Poorest Neighborhoods Like Developing Countries. The average life expectancy in Japan right now, home to one of the healthiest, longest-living populations in the world, is
In Memory of Talia Castellano. When you're sick, you look for motivation to keep going and fight on anywhere you can find it. I \liked\ so many Facebook pages, wrote emails, and read about the progress of other kids who had to go through what I did. And no story inspired me more than that of Talia Castellano.
Drinking Water Could Boost Mental Performance. Earlier studies in adults have suggested that dehydration can decrease mental performance, and studies in children have suggested
Gluten-Free Traveling Without Losing It. What once was, \Woohoo! Let's hit the road, KFC, 7-Eleven, and Waffle House!\ is now, \Oh hell, I'm going to starve or poop all week.\
10 Of The Best Yoga Poses For Headaches (PHOTOS). If you're feeling a headache coming on -- or just need a little stress relief -- try one of the 10 headache-busting yoga
A Once-A-Week Ab Workout To Build A Rock-Solid Core. More from Shape.com
Donating My Bone Marrow to Dad. When I learned that I was a suitable donor, I realized our lives had come full circle. This is my chance to give something back to someone who has unconditionally given so much to me.
Facebook's Fittest Cities Revealed In New Ranking. Living in a city that promotes exercise can have a great effect on your commitment to fitness. Last week, Facebook released
Time to Pet Your Fellow Rats. We all want love more than anything in the world, but when we spew animosity rooted in our own lack of self-love, no one will come close. We really don't matter, and I mean that in the most freeing way possible.
From Mindlessness to Mindfulness. I used to think that other people were stressing me out. I've been meditating for about 25 years. Years of learning and relearning that I, and only I, stress myself out.
How to Pray If You're an Atheist. There are personal benefits to the act of praying itself. These benefits have been clearly documented by physicians, psychologists and philosophers. So here are four keys to praying like a Pentecostal... as an atheist.
Yoga Could Boost Prisoners' Mental Health. Yoga
Men's Health Insider Reveals the Secret for Helping Prevent Heart Disease. Both researchers were surprised by what caused the difference. The study showed that immigration didn't automatically cause
An Educated Consumer Is the Best Customer... Even in a Hospital Setting. Organ donation is an important part of our giving back to those who are awaiting a functioning organ when our bodies no longer have need of those organs. It is also a very individual and private decision that one should consider while one is still healthy.
The Evolution of Freedom. As has always been the case, the next measure of freedom rests in the hands of the people who recognize its potential.
Are You Feeling Depleted? Discovering Your Boundaries. There is a delicate balance between self-care and care for others. We want to be there for others, but if we are doing it to the detriment of our own wellbeing, we are doing a great disservice to who we are.
Seasons of Love. Each season brings incredible opportunity and benefit to our love lives. The challenges arise when we try to go against life's normal rhythms and force ourselves to do something that is out of energetic alignment.
Are You Becoming UN-done by Doing It All?. I was a straight up workaholic and a crappy delegator. I was proud of how much I worked and how little I slept. I was addicted to the stress of getting it done and pulling off the impossible, until I started questioning the greater value of all of my hard work and sacrifice.
Is Sleep Deprivation Holding You Back?. In addition to missing out on fun activities and spiraling into a rotten mood, a lack of sleep can have serious consequences
Live Your Life Fulfilled. I wish I could say there is a way to live life without pain.  There is not.  While it is not pleasant, pain is a part of the human experience.  However, there is a difference between pain and suffering.  Pain is inevitable.  Suffering is something you can overcome.
Meditation In Action. Step 10 Continue this exercise up through the torso, down through the arms, hands and fingers, and up through the throat
Forgiveness. Any part of the narrative that does not accept and embrace one's life or adds the judgement \that should not have happened\ pulls one backward into a no-longer-existent past, hinders one from showing up authentically in the present, and places limits on one's not-yet-existent future.
Cancer Gene Database, Largest Ever, Made Public By National Cancer Institute. Melanoma drug Zelboraf, sold by Roche Holding AG, is designed to work by targeting a specific genetic mutation found in about
My Digital Vacation. A digital vacation is more than unplugging, it's recognizing your habits, both good and bad, learning from them and then making changes the will remain after the digital vacation is over.
Aspirin May Reduce Colon Cancer Risk, But At What Cost?. \It is important for doctors and their patients to have deliberate and personalized discussions of the potential risks and
Pronation. \Some rolling in is natural, normal and beneficial,\ she explained. \Compared to 20 years ago, running shoes are really much
Yesterday. The level of guilt we feel often dictates the length of time we take to get over what ever it is we have done. Some people, even though forgiven by those they have wronged, never forgive themselves, making every tomorrow a yesterday before it even happens.
U.S. Blood Supply Threatened As Donors Face Iron Losses. Dennis Gastineau started giving blood regularly when he was in medical school in the 1970s. The $25 he received bought almost
Obesity Gene Makes People Fat By Triggering Hunger, Scientists Find. A common variation in the FTO gene affects one in six of the population, making them 70 percent more likely to become obese
Stem Cell Tracking Made Possible With Common Anemia Drug At Stanford. \With our new approach, we look to label the cells with an iron supplement and we can see the transplanted cells directly
17 Best And Worst Summer Foods. It's kind of a myth that summer means more exercise and healthier food choices for everyone. One eye-opening study found
Which Sleep Position Is Healthiest?. When it's time to get some shut-eye, not all sleeping positions have the same positive impact on your body. In some cases
Breathing Exercises Could Help Teens Be Less Impulsive. The students who went through the program reported feeling less impulsive after the four weeks than those who didn't, the
Practical Ways to De-Stress. Over the past year I've learned that stress is not only unnecessary, but that being happy and stress-free actually lends to a more successful career and personal life.
Definitions Of 'Joy'. \God's presence, and the love of my family and cats.\ -- Gina Wilkinson-Montague \Living fully in the moment.\ -- Dawn Gluskin
10 Ways to Reduce Rigidness, Decrease Anxiety, Increase Flexibility, and Have More Fun. Adults and children must find a balance between structure and spontaneity. Structure allows for a framework, choices, and some flexibility, but rigidity means you follow the rules -- or else. How do you find balance?
How to Break a Bad Habit (And Replace It With a Good One). Most of your bad habits are caused by two things... stress and boredom. Bad habits address certain needs in your life and for that reason, you need to replace them with habits that satisfy that same need.
Beyond McMindfulness. Ever since mindfulness began spreading its wings in Western culture, there has been the fear that it would be stripped down, diluted and packaged for sale by greedy money-hoarding capitalists just wanting to make their bank accounts fatter.
Gluten-Free Breakfast Recipes, Suggestions and Photos. Crustless Quiche Taking the quiche out of the crust is one quick way to make a healthy and satisfying brunch standard. \Mix
Sleep Critically Affects Childhood Brain Development. What we are seeing here is the relationship of sleep to neuroplasticity. Neuroplasticity relates to structural and functional
3 Powerful Questions That Can Transform Any Situation. We are often so wrapped up in our own so-called \problems\ that we fail to see the constant opportunity for growth in every situation.
7 Habits for an Empowered Life. Continued awareness brings you closer and closer to the new habit becoming your standard operating procedure and providing a greater sense of peace and happiness.
Change Your Shoes and Leap Into Intimacy!. Imagine all the intimacy you desire in your life. Imagine being fueled each day with passion and desire for your \self\ and your life. Driven by your desire to have all of the intimacy you want in your life, and how important it is to you, commit to creating a visual image of that intimacy each day.
Making Time to Nurture the Nurturer. Without question, women are the nurturers in our society. So my question is this
A History of 'Happiness'. Over the years, happiness has meant many other things, some of which are surprising when compared with our current sense of the word.
Sad Songs May Actually Elicit Pleasant Emotions. Researchers had the study participants rate 62 different emotion-related words and phrases when they listened to the different
The Top 10 Workout Songs for July 2013. This summer's shaping up to be an excellent one for both Selena Gomez and remixes.  The former wizard of Waverly Place pulls off a rare feat -- logging two songs in this month's top 10.
View From the Field. When Mr. Singh died in March, three generations of family members missed him terribly, but they knew they had done all they could to make sure that he died as he had lived -- at the center of his loving family.
CPAP Could Decrease Nightmares For People With PTSD And Sleep Apnea. Past research has drawn associations between sleep problems and PTSD. A study conducted by researchers at the University
Obese Women May Face Higher Risk Of Gallstones. In general, women are probably at increased risk because estrogen stimulates the liver to remove more cholesterol from blood
Why I'm Pretty Sure My Husband Is the One. Darrell and I click in most of the important ways, we rub each other wrong in a couple of ways, but mostly we crack each other up constantly. We stayed up all night the night we met, talking -- and that isn't a euphemism for anything else. We talked.
Truth and Reconciliation for Alcoholism. The important lesson gleaned from the attacks and counterattacks around controlled-drinking research was inescapable -- non-abstinence treatment for alcoholics would never be tolerated in America, and in fact it virtually entirely ceased in this country.
The Village and the Box. Once upon a time, there was a village who unknowingly slept under the spell of enchantment that poured through a Box. Powerful
The Interesting Case of LCD Screens and Post Concussive Headaches. Managing headaches is a significant part of treating post concussive syndrome in my practice, particularly among high school kids, because of another major issue
Don't Let Work Take Over Your Brain. The reason we react is that our alarm thinks there is a problem for us to solve or danger to escape. Don't let your brain make work feel like everything's dramatic and falling apart. Even on your worst days, you can refocus with just a little intention.
Why Everyone Loves Summer Camp. Campers left relaxed and more aware of their time-consuming relationship with technology. Activities like yoga, stargazing and pillow fights sound like a good time -- though I imagine some liquor wouldn't have hurt.
How To Make Your Desk Feel Less Like Prison, More Like Paradise. For more inspiration, click here. For some, it's pictures of family or an unforgettable trip that does the trick. Others
Rebranding 'Patients' as 'Health Care Consumers'. Those of us in favor of universal access to care argue that health care is not a commodity. Those who can't afford health care are priced out of it, and health care is no longer a public good, like public education and clean water.
Healthy Picnic Recipes. 1 pound antibiotic and hormone-free ground turkey 1 tablespoon sesame seeds 1 teaspoon light teriyaki sauce 1 teaspoon coconut
Here's to Longer Goodbyes. Last month, after 4.5 years of staring an early death in the face, my wife and I heard my cancer doctors say something cancer doctors aren't exactly famous for saying
Dementia and Wandering. We'll see more senior citizen wanderers in cities, parks, suburbs, and wilderness.  Search and rescue teams do their best to mitigate the often-devastating effects of wandering, but they can't prevent the incidents.
Bunk About Junk Food. While I agree that we can benefit from choosing a better chip, I think it's flaky at best to suggest that junk food will ever be beneficial. It is, in fact, oxymoronic -- give or take the oxy. If a food is good for us, it isn't junk.
Acceptance Of What Can't Be Changed Is Key To Satisfaction In Later Life, Research Shows. Buddhist teachings on happiness have long held that accepting that which cannot be changed or controlled is key to reducing
Solanezumab. By Ransdell Pierson July 12 (Reuters) - Despite two failed late-stage trials of its experimental Alzheimer's drug solanezumab
How to Get Unwired (For Less Than $400 a Day). Most of the camps seem to originate from one person's enlightenment and subsequent desire to share it. For example, the founder
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Don't Shop Hungry. It makes sense that if you are hungry, you may pile higher calorie foods and less healthy choices into your grocery cart.  And if you eat something before heading out to the market, you may make healthier selections.
5 Unexpected Benefits Of A 30-Day Exile From Facebook. Righteous anger flared because I'd been blocked for something I simply did not do. In fact, I was in the Facebook slammer
Got Proof? Lack of Evidence for Milk's Benefits. There is absolutely no biological requirement for milk, and the evidence for low-fat milk is lacking, along with the bone benefits. The dairy lobby has its tentacles deep in the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
Being Human First. I am by no means suggesting that every doctor, or members of any given profession, should all be humanities majors. But a general decline in our respect for and attention to the humanities may be at our collective peril.
Getting Too Old for This Crap. I would rather keep trying for the life I want and falling down awkwardly sometimes then trying to control every part of my world around me and end up freaking out every time things don't go as planned.
Feeling Stressed? 'Taking Your Mind Off It' Might Do The Trick, Study Finds. However, the study's authors note, it's important to distinguish between avoidance and escapism. What's effective about avoidance
My Downward Dog Is So Much Better Than Yours. I made an assumption that being competitive with other people drove me to be better, but in actuality it distracted me from focusing on my own process.  When I compared myself to others I wasn't honoring my own path.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids Linked With Childhood Allergies, Prostate Cancer Risk In New Studies. \We [also] don't want pregnant women and children to eat a lot of fish because of mercury,\ Barrient added. But supplements
Glaucoma Screening. \If there are symptoms, the disease progresses really slowly, and it may start with what doctors call visual defects, or
Wheelchair Wisdom. Because I am an artist, my tremor reminded me of Auguste Renoir who, because of crippling arthritis, strapped brushes to his hands and painted with longer, more fluid strokes, resulting in some of his best works.
The Cities With The Best And Worst Access To Health Care (INFOGRAPHIC). It can be troubling enough to have a reason to visit a hospital or see a doctor. And with rising costs and doctor shortages
High Cell Phone Use Linked With Less Physical Activity. The study, published in the International Journal of Behavioral Nutrition and Physical Activity, included more than 300 college
Smoking Plus Heavy Drinking Speed Cognitive Decline, Study Finds. The findings, published in the British Journal of Psychiatry, show that smokers who heavily drink have a faster cognitive
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Pepsi To Drop 4-MEI As Ingredient From Colas Nationwide. Despite the California ruling and the changes implemented by the two companies, Coca-Cola and Pepsi have both rejected the
How to Recover From Overeating. Admittedly, I still struggle with my relationship to food, and in this vlog I share some of my tips for recovery. Feel free to share your experiences with me in the comments below. Outing your ego is the first step in the healing process.
The Wandering Mind Needs Meditation. The mind is definitely a busy, wandering thing, and unless we reign it in occasionally, it can get in the way of our ability to focus and concentrate, which is what meditation does for us.
Why Mindfulness Matters. But the saying implies that we are all a microcosm of the whole, as we each evolve and unfold, so too does our shared humanity
Smoggy Days May Raise Your Odds For Burst Appendix. Add another possible health woe to the negative effects of air pollution
Expansive Postures May Lead Us To Dishonesty. So next time you get behind the wheel, are you in the driver's seat or is the driver's seat controlling you? Christie Nicholson
7 Productivity Apps To Help You Get It All Done -- Fast. When it comes to productivity, technology is a double-edged sword. For every technological time-saver, there's a new distraction
How Your Flip Flops Are Killing Your Feet. This summer staple might be a real health flop. Aside from the obvious lack of protection (meaning you're more vulnerable
Why Do Some People Love Broccoli, And Others Hate It?. An aversion to bitter vegetables might also have evolutionary roots. The Los Angeles Times reported in 2007
How to Put Your Anxiety Monster on a Diet. When you give the anxiety monster what it wants, it may cozy up for a brief nap and quiet down for a bit. But it is really just growing stronger and more powerful. Never satisfied, it will keep demanding more and more of your life, and you will receive shorter periods of reprieve.
Belly Fat Linked With Higher Heart Disease, Cancer Risks. Here's even more evidence that where fat is located on your body matters when it comes to health risks. The study, published
The Alphabet of Happiness. Inspiration is like a flame that is lit from within. No one can dictate what inspires you -- it is personal. There are as many sources of inspiration as there are people, but some in particular stand out.
Choir Singing May Be Good For Your Heart, Says New Study (VIDEO). To study the benefits of choral singing on the body, researchers at the Sahlgrenska Academy at Sweden's Gothenburg University
Cheerful People Less Likely To Experience Heart Attacks, Study Suggests. For more benefits of positive thinking, click through the slideshow
From Rejection to Redemption. If I could offer my best tips for how to realize your dream (or anything for that matter) -- whether it is writing your memoir, shedding those 20 pounds, or living in a clutter-free home -- it would be these.
The Anatomy of a Concussion. A strong enough impact, or even a lighter impact at just the right angle (like a dodgeball to the head, a hit against a soccer pole or a sail boom), can jostle the brain forcefully within the skull.
Anyone Remember Self-Reliance? We Used To Be 'Strongly Silent'. We used to blaze trails and now we don't even walk.  We used to do things and make things, and explore. And now we talk, talk, talk.
Do the Diabetes Math. Did my doctor prescribe and monitor this? He did not. They aren't paid to do this. And frankly, who wants their doctor nagging them? What drove me was wanting to be alive when I'm 90 -- to be healthy and to fit into my college jeans.
Chemo Brain. If you're going through it, know that you're not alone and if it's causing you distress in your everyday life then talk to your doctor about it. Your brain cells have taken an ass kicking, along with every other cell that was affected by chemo and now you and they just need some TLC.
'Run Of Thrones'. Back in early May, I started to experiment with various run routes. The first couple of runs were just random shapes, but
My Nurse, My Friend. As a cancer patient, I've become keenly aware of the reality of death. I guess I'd gotten so accustomed to thinking about my own death that I never considered the possibility of the (relatively) healthy people around me dying.
How to Face Fear. So, if fear helps motivate us, what's wrong with injecting a bit of fear into our lives, so that we improve them? First, we can examine how well fear works as a motivator, and then see how it trips us up.
Catalyzing Connection With the Love of Life. How is it then, that as we get older, the tendency is to mute our own spontaneous response? And, even more importantly, what can we do to cultivate reconnection with what uplifts our spirit and touches our heart?  What qualities catalyzes this experience?
Rising and Living. Denial was a big part of my life back in the days when I weighed in excess of 300 pounds. And then life pulled the rug out from underneath my carefully self-constructed comfort zone.
6 Foods That Will Protect You From The Sun. 6. Green And Black Teas Green and Black teas (which actually start as leafy greens -- surprise, surprise) are packed with
Physical Activity and Obesity Both Rising In The U.S.. By
A Bittersweet 'Sting'. Life is bittersweet sometimes.  No one knows this more than a cancer patient
Do Diet Drinks Mess Up Metabolisms?. It may seem counterintuitive, but there's a body of evidence to suggest that the millions of Americans with a diet soda habit
Arianna Talks Third Metric, The Importance Of Sleep On CBS's 'The Talk'. America's current model of of success, with its emphasis on money and power, encourages a burnout lifestyle that can drive
Sleep Apnea and Sudden Cardiac Death. A large-scale study of more than 10,000 adults over a period of 15 years found obstructive sleep apnea associated with a significantly increased risk of sudden cardiac death.
You Want What You Want... So That's What You Should Get!. Why do we carry ourselves as if we don't deserve the best that life has to offer?  I cannot answer that question for you -- only you can determine the answer for yourself.
The 10 Commandments for Visiting a New Age Retreat. While most people who spend time in these places are extremely dedicated and sincere, there still remains a goodly number who, in their attempt to have \an experience,\ miss the point completely.
The Fastest Way to Your Own Happiness. As you build your compassion muscle, you will be able to witness someone's suffering without looking away or getting so involved that you lose yourself.
8 Reasons to Make Your Next Vacation a Yoga Retreat. With an upcoming film festival job looming in my schedule, I realized that it was as good a time as any my stress factor was just going up and up. So I decided to take a week of mental preparation in the form of a six-day retreat.
PTSD Risk Factors. PTSD risk factors If hyperarousal symptoms do turn out to be present before PTSD arises, it may be possible to screen for
Ice Pops May Lead To False Positive Fungal Test. The doctors tested 37 flavored ice pops of three brands, and found that they all contained high levels of galactomannan. Email
Toxoplasma Gondii. Cats usually contract the parasite as a result of hunting and eating contaminated birds, mice, or other rodents, spreading
On Teaching Yoga, And Cancer as a Teacher. Today I was teaching a man with Stage IV cancer. I am not thinking about getting him to change. I look to create a space where he can let go of unnecessary stress so that he can feel even just a little bit better.
Better Data Will Lead to Better Care for Those With Multiple Chronic Conditions. People living with multiple chronic conditions are a diverse group. By quantifying the occurrence of these conditions by sex, age, ethnicity and insurance status, we can help patients improve their health, ultimately reducing related health care costs, and giving people the care they need and deserve.
On Kindness. Who could blame us for wanting people to notice when we do something nice? But what if we keep our kindness private, shared only between us and the person we care about at that moment? That is something I would like to see.
Fecal Transplants. C. diff (a bacteria that causes severe diarrhea) infections are increasing in incidence and severity. On the front lines of the C. diff epidemic, I understand how powerful and effective FMT is. After seeing how well FMT works, it seemed ridiculous that this therapy wasn't more widely available.
Presence Leads to Excellence and Humor. Excellence comes from being present to ourselves and our surroundings. And if we are truly paying attention, we will find gems of hidden humor as well. That's what it means to Do it Well and Make it Fun.
On a Scale of Numbness. When life loses its sharp edges, you are spared some pain, but you probably won't feel sharp pangs of joy, either.
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
The 15 Grossest Things You're Eating. Unfortunately, gross food has become the norm in most supermarkets, with packaged food ingredient lists reading more like
4 Ways Running Is Best For Weight Loss. Any exercise is good exercise, but when it comes to losing weight, it\u2019s hard to beat running. After all, running is one of
Alzheimer's Disease And Cancer. The study and editorial are published today (July 10) in the journal Neurology. During the study, 21,451 people in the study
This Simple Mental Trick Can Slow Down Time. The Inc. Magazine article pointed us to a 2011 New Yorker profile of David Eagleman, a neuroscientist who studies time perception
Welcome to My Hoarded House. Watching a hoarding intervention is one part schadenfreude, one part reminder that we're one Beanie Baby away from our own.
Dangers of Magnets. If any of these small, powerful magnets gets accidentally swallowed (including by children who find the magnets on a counter), the threat level is a lot more serious than the same-sized object that is magnetically inert.
Insomnia Impairs Emotional Regulation. The relationship between disordered sleep and emotional health is an intricate one, as each can influence the other for better and worse.
Getting to Know Your Friends... One Tomato at a Time. The best part, other than the yummy taste of a homegrown, pesticide-free perfect tomato, has been getting to know my pal Mark through working on the garden with him.
Bono, a Breakup and a Breakthrough. A man I dated briefly once told me that he got through breakups unscathed by reminding himself that \all relationships end until your last one.\  I thought about the endings I had experienced, the novella-style crying and wine-soaked nights. But this one was different.
Cigarette Bans In Public Places May Be Insufficient. \Instead of relying on weak or contestable evidence of third party harms, public health officials should assert boldly that
Top 10 Summer Hair Problems, Solved. Sweat and oil, frizz and drizzle -- no matter what hair type or texture you have, summer can pose a challenge to staying
53 Healthy And Flavorful Recipes To Make With Tofu. Maybe it's because Meatless Mondays are growing ever more popular; maybe it's because more and more people are becoming aware
Warren Buffett. Just as we have taken his advice on making money, research suggests we should now take his advice on making happiness. By rethinking how we spend our money -- even as little as $5 -- we can reap more happiness for every dollar we spend.
Cohabitating Fearlessly. So often I see couples for therapy who just recently moved in together after knowing each other for a very short time. Is it being done out of convenience or is it the next step towards marriage? Be fully committed because any doubts will show and ultimately lead to troubles.
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
PTSD Research Aims To Reveal How Disorder May Progress. The model suggests that three factors are necessary in order for PTSD to develop
Mexico Obesity Rate Higher Than U.S., Says U.N. Report. And now some more news
What Is Nostalgia Good For? Quite A Bit, Research Shows. Not long after moving to the University of Southampton, Constantine Sedikides had lunch with a colleague in the psychology
Be Home. Your body and mind want to come home
How to Let Go of Perfectionism. And then I had to let go. \The books are beautiful and just make you feel happy looking at them. I'm excited for all of us
The Most Important Question of All. And to my friend at the gym, in the hopes that you are reading this, a deep and heartfelt thank you for reminding me of who we really are.
Do You Know Your Future Self? Your Health Depends On It. Research shows that if you are disconnected from an idea of yourself in the future, you are more likely to be a victim of temporal discounting when it comes to health behavior.
Weekly Rune. For the record, clarity does last, until with further experience it yields to some other insight. I can't say that I share
Debra Winger Howard. Today we meet in person for the first time in six years, on a bench by the Hudson River in Harlem. She brings sandwiches and coffee and we catch up, as the river flows. Her older son, the one I photographed, is now a college grad, and an up and coming independent filmmaker.
Are There Choices About Death?. You need to understand this
'I Say I Want A Relationship, But Do I Really?'. Warren's dilemma is that he doesn't want to be alone and lonely, but he tends to give himself up in relationships in order to not be rejected, and then he shuts down due to losing himself.
At Stadium and Drake. Once in a while, we are stopped in our race through the days, like driftwood near the bank of a river, caught for a second in the mud before being swept along. In those moments, we get a rare view of the non-stop world we are a part of. This poem came from such a moment.
The Time You Have, Explained With Jelly Beans (VIDEO). The massive pile of beans represents the average American life span -- a single bean for each day. \You might have more beans
Healing Touches. When I think about all of the medications I've taken and therapies I've undergone to try and abate the PTSD symptoms and ancillary illnesses, I am amazed at how the touch of a loved one seems to do more to help ease the emotional and physical pain than any other remedy.
The Coolest Meditator in the World. When we met with the Dalai Lama he was standing on his veranda overlooking the beautiful Himalayan Mountain range, smiling and waving for us to come. We went to bow as is the tradition, but he lifted us, took our hands, and said
It's Really Not You, It's Them. When you surround yourself with passionate, positive and inspired individuals, there is nowhere to go but up. These people are possibility thinkers, idea generators and love to give and receive support.
Good News. Of course, the food industry isn't going to just walk away from the lucrative school snack market, but given that rigorous standard, it seems to me that any processed foods still sold in schools after 2016 should no longer fall into the empty-calorie, \better for you\ junk food category.
5 Values That Celebrate Our Interdependence. Brightness is the quality of contentment and joy that the untroubled spirit radiates, while lightness is the quality of ease and buoyancy of the untroubled presence.
Stopping Painkillers From Killing. When I was wholly honest about my sobriety and in unbearable pain, I couldn't actually get any relief -- or even on the phone with the doctor to explain myself. In other words, because of the fact that I'd told the truth, I'd been characterized as a scheming addict.
WATCH. Unfortunately, too many of us have been either convinced we don't have it, or are afraid to use it.  I hope this video will help you let that fear go, so that you can more joyfully and freely create the best life possible.
Meditation In Action. For more on mindfulness, click here. A beautiful mind is ... Grateful. It's so easy to spend life chasing after all the things
Hospitals Speed Transition To Electronic Medical Records, Study Says. The hospitals most likely to have at least a basic electronic records system are large, nonprofit teaching facilities in
Dare to Be 100. At the top of my personal fascinations is the ongoing search for evidence of the human potential.  I seek to know what our limits are and what stretches and contracts them.  A perpetual review is how long we might live. But more important are the elements that affect this potential.
Mindful Music. Everyone can experience this creative flow especially with the art and practice of mindfulness meditation. It all starts with just 10 minutes once or twice a day of closing your eyes, breathing in and out and watching with wonder and joy how your inner core of gold unfolds.
3 Ways to Kick Back This Holiday to Surge Ahead. How are you going to kick back this holiday to surge ahead? I hope you encounter the individuals and situations that support you.
Three Years Later. Whenever there is an issue with one of our children, I will always wonder if it has something to do with the fact that they lost their father. Although I will never truly know if this is the reason behind certain circumstances, I've learned to realize that the answer doesn't really matter.
Alzheimer's Caregivers. Remember that as a caregiver you deserve time to yourself and that you are doing this to make yourself a better caretaker for your loved one. Not taking care of yourself will only harm your loved one in the end.
We Are What We Become. What we become can transcend the limitations of what we have been, but we must change our thinking in order for that to happen.
WHY Music? Defining Who We Are Through Music. Maybe it is not only what we find in music that enriches our lives; rather what music helps us discover within ourselves.
Guess What Saved My Marriage?. I remember the day I realized I was selfish. It was a painful and slow process to get to that point. My coach had to work really hard with me about it. And I had to almost lose my marriage for it to sink in.
Yoga. If we remain attached to a certain style of yoga postures, we remain attached to the material aspect of our existence. When we're no longer attached to this aspect, we're able to use yoga for its intended purpose and live in a state of supreme joy as a result.
The Subtraction Game. What is fear but an emotional assumption that we lack the ability to negotiate a desired quality of life?
Easing Into Outdoor Workouts On Sultry Summer Days. \I actually love running in the brutal heat and humidity and have trained myself accordingly,\ said Holland, author of \The
The Morality Of Meditation. Meditation is fast becoming a fashionable tool for improving your mind. With mounting scientific evidence that the practice
Sleep Tips For Summer Nights. Those extra hours of daylight in the summer contribute to sleep problems experienced by many Americans, experts say. Read
Moving Beyond Generalized Lifestyle Intervention Into Personalized Lifestyle Medicine. At first, I was a bit surprised to see this conclusion. After all, how can anyone argue with the therapeutic impact of lifestyle -- the basics of healthy eating and increased physical activity --  for the reduction of chronic disease?
Don't Believe Everything You Think. The fact that so many marriages end in disappointment for so many couples is a reflection of how many people continue to opt for the illusion of myths rather than to challenge the assumptions on which they are based.
Yoga For Energy. \As we sit throughout the day, the energy in the spine gets stuck and stagnant,\ Bielkus says. \So when we elongate the spine
Breathing in a Healing Relationship. \A healer/client relationship is just that, a relationship; a partnership at best, and like all relationships its success
Chocolate Smiles. Last year my husband and I decided to completely change our life and go and live in a super health-conscious commune in Costa Rica. This documents this amazing experience and gives you an insight into how a young raw food family completely changed their lifestyle.
3 Ways to Be Edgier. Being edgy is not so much about being revolutionary, or rebellious. Rather, it is about pushing the limits. It is about having the courage to take risks, to stand on the edge of a metaphorical cliff without a safety net.
Where To Meditate. \In a tree.\ -- Marty Daymunde \In the middle of a rock concert.\ -- Jane Sayre \In the car.\ -- Heather Hunter Often associated
You Have More Than This Requires. While I don't believe that we have to necessarily suffer and struggle in order to grow and evolve in life, one of the best things we can do when dealing with adversity or challenge is to look for the gifts and find the gold in the situation as much as possible.
Fructose and the Follies of History. A fixation on any nutrient property in isolation is a gilded invitation to the food industry to give us a whole new parade of products boasting that attribute, no matter what else might be in the mix.
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (July 5-11). Even momentarily concentrating on healthy solutions rewires psychological patterns to receive and share healthy sexual love in the present.  Here are three meditations with the themes of core beliefs, availability, and virginity for you to ponder and practice this week.
DHA, Fish Oil Compound, Could Decrease Inflammation Through Its Role In Production Of Maresins. \We've known for a long time that DHA tames inflammation, now, we learn exactly how DHA works
Can We Let Doctors Be Human?. Ofri's books explore the \other world\ of medicine -- emotions. Writing, Ofri told me, \began as a way to walk through some intense experiences and process my feelings.\ Her books are also \thank yous\ to her patients who have taught her how to, and made her a better, doctor.
What No One Tells You About Changing Your Life. We're never done. There will never be a point at which I stop and say, \Okay, I'm good. No more changes or transformations for me.\ Ha! There is always a new experience to be had, something to learn, someone to push you and ways to grow.
The Problem With (Too Much) Encouragement. Straight talk, given in love with a smile, is one of the best gifts we can offer a person. I often ask permission to be candid before I share critical feedback. This is usually appreciated and works well for me.
Put Down the Cooking Gadgets and Clean Up. As I got more into my regular yoga practice, my eating habits changed simply because I didn't want to feel bloated or puffy in the morning.
3 Bedtime Habits That Are Stressing You Out. Bad news, restless sleepers
Breaking Free. Freedom, to me, means being able to be who we are wherever we are, no matter what. Freedom is not having to react whenever
Book Review. In addition to using common ingredients like fruits and vegetables or almond butter and flaxseed, Superfood Smoothies also focuses on exotic superfoods, many of which will be new to readers.
Skyrocketing Epidemic Among Women. Our mothers, wives, sisters and daughters are dying from these overdoses at rates never seen before. Every three minutes, a woman visits an emergency department for opioid misuse or abuse. That accounts for more than 200,000 emergency department visits a year.
Exercise And Inflammatory Bowel Disease. In addition, researchers found that expression of genes known to be pro-inflammatory was reduced among the mice that voluntarily
Running. Barefoot running is best learned during the preseason when fitness is a lesser concern. Unless you are already regularly barefooted, the progression toward appreciable distance takes weeks for some, and months for others.
Issues and Discussions Regarding When to Have Children and When to Start Removing Parts of My Body. At many points in the past 10 years, I have made decisions based on anxiety stemming from my mutation. I almost got married at the age of 24, not because I knew it was right, but in part because I thought if I did so, I could have children early and have a hysterectomy before the age of 30.
Toxic Chemical in Food Cans. The overwhelming presence of BPA and its negative effects on health highlight the need for equitable models of healthy food distribution in food deserts in order to decrease risk of obesity, diabetes, and breast cancer.
5 Ways to Live Courageously. Living courageously involves shifting our focus away from trying to remove fear to pursuing a full and meaningful life alongside of fear. Here is how you do it.
Abdominal Fat in Men Linked to Sleep Apnea. Understanding with greater specificity the health and lifestyle conditions that may increase risk of sleep apnea can lead to better screening and treatment options.
Managing Empty-Nester Stress. It's understandable
How to See the World as Your Gym. Breaking out of the norm and learning to see the world as your gym is an extremely beneficial practice. Not only do you get to challenge yourself in new ways outside the gym walls, but you train your eyes and your mind to see fitness everywhere you look.
Wanted. Although unrealistic, I kind of like dreaming about opening a restaurant. Especially after a week of \tummy troubles\ and a weekend spent in the hospital after a battle with my small intestine.
Controlling Blood Pressure, Cholesterol Could Halve Heart Disease Risks. Researchers reviewed data from more than 17,000 American adults who participated in the National Health and Nutrition Examination
Motivational Video, Headspace. Why meditate? For one, to clear a cloudy mind. Find out other reasons to meditate from 'Mind Man' Andy Puddicombe in the
I Lost Weight. I don't think people lack motivation or desire, they lack information that is tailored to their specific needs. This is why
The Daily Habit Of These Outrageously Successful People. 6. Larry Brilliant, CEO, Skoll Global Threats Fund Warrior, the chief technology and strategy officer of Cisco Systems, meditates
Wallowing Advice. Chan Jean Lee, an assistant professor of marketing at the Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology in Seoul, who
Is It Safe To Exercise Twice A Day?. \A highly conditioned world class athlete would be able to safely hand multiple training sessions in one day,\ says Greatist
White Blood Cells May Play Role In Spread Of Cancer. White blood cells, the body's defense against infection, could actually play a role in spreading cancer, according to a new
GPS Guide. A little light reading -- just not on a tablet, please -- can help you unwind and better prepare for sleep. While you may
MERS Virus Not Yet Reached Pandemic Potential, Study Says. * Middle East virus has lower pandemic risk than SARS But Arnaud Fontanet, who led the latest published research on MERS
Blood Test Could Give You 'OK' For Aspirin Therapy. More from Everyday Health
Autism May Start In The Gut, Study Finds. \One of the reasons we started addressing this topic is the fact that autistic children have a lot of GI problems that can
Why This Harvard Economist Thinks You Should Unplug & Recharge. Epiphanies often come at the most unexpected moments. When Harvard economist Sendhil Mullainathan accidentally dropped his
3 Steps to Rekindle the Passion in Your Job. Fatigue is lethal to inspiration. Avoid anyone who drains. Go towards energy hot spots in your job -- people and activities -- so your time is skewed towards inspiration.
Health Benefits Of Unplugging And Going Screen-Free This July 4. It Makes You Insecure Why does everyone at your frenemy's BBQ look like they're having more fun than the guests in your own
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
4th Of July Quotes. America
Is It Really So Bad To Eat Before Bed? (VIDEO). Recent research suggests that night owls are at increased risk for gaining weight because they're likely to snack late while
How Exercise Can Calm Anxiety. For some time, scientists studying exercise have been puzzled by physical activity\u2019s two seemingly incompatible effects on
4 Ways to Stay Healthy on the Fourth of July. As we celebrate Independence Day, it is important to remember that the health care law gives you independence to choose a plan that meets your needs in the Health Insurance Marketplace.
H7N9 Bird Flu. New Bird Flu Virus
Liver Created From Stem Cells In Lab. \(This) study holds out real promise for a viable alternative approach to human organ transplants,\ he said. Countries across
Staying Mentally Stimulated Throughout Your Lifetime Could Lower Cognitive Decline Risk. Staying mentally stimulated could help lower your risk of cognitive decline later in life -- no matter your age. Researchers
10 Surprising Healthy Foods You Can Throw On The Grill. Celebrating the Fourth of July is often associated with unhealthy snacks, sandwiches and deep fried anything. So how do grillers
Yoga For Anger. Disempowering anger is a bitterness that buries itself deep in our guts, disguising the powerlessness, fear, or grief that
What's In A 'Big Catch,' The 'Worst Restaurant Meal' From Long John Silver's. In fact, a previous offending fast food item that drew CSPI scrutiny, a fried chicken dish on a former KFC menu, contained
Eating an Anti-Cancer Diet (Without Breaking the Bank). While buying all of your groceries at a store like Whole Foods could potentially break the bank (I love you, WF, and visit your establishment at least once a week, but you are crazy expensive), there are other, less costly options.
4 Reasons to Swap Regret Over Your Breakup for Excitement. Usually what people want is a loving, cleansed, varnish-free, more enlightened version of their ex. And unfortunately this fantasy doesn't exist or you'd still be together.
Quick And Healthy Breakfast Ideas To Feed A Crowd. It's time to go through your 4th of July weekend checklist. Flags? Check. Grill? Check. Fireworks? Check. Breakfast? Yikes
How to Build Muscle. So you wanna put on some lean muscle mass. And you want to do it within the context of the Primal Blueprint, but aren't sure where to start. It's a common question and it's about time I addressed it head on.
Long-Term Night Shift Work Linked With Breast Cancer Risk. Shift work has also been tied in past studies to increased risks of diabetes, prostate cancer and sleep deprivation. For
I Lost Weight. How do I stay on track and continue to lose? It's the old-fashioned \eat well and keep moving\ approach. I eat whole grains
How to Manage People Mindfully. As managers, we can learn to be mindful in our decisions, policies and practices. The best way to start is by thinking about what our values are and choosing to live by them. If all of us were to do this in each of our interactions, we would find that our attitude is contagious.
5 Keys to Attracting the Love of Your Life. We attract people at our common level of woundedness or our common level of emotional health. This means that if you want to attract a healthy, loving partner, you need to become that healthy person first.
Miranda Kerr And Other Celebrities Turned Health Gurus. Recently, Miranda Kerr began a healthy lifestyle video series, The Body Beautiful with Net-A-Porter. In the first episode
Chronic Inflammation May Play Role In Association Between Diabetes And Low Socioeconomic Status. In a new study published in the journal PLOS Medicine, researchers from the Institute for Social and Preventive Medicine
Nobody Shaved Their Head for Me. You know all those stories of people who get diagnosed with cancer and their best friend jumps in and immediately says they'll shave their head with you? Well, that doesn't happen as often as you think. But maybe whether people shaved their head for me is the wrong thing to focus on.
Sleep Health Benefits. A large Dutch population study, published this week in the European Journal of Preventative Cardiology, found that sleep
Attacking The Sleep Conspiracy. An interview with Russell Sanna, executive director of the Division of Sleep Medicine at Harvard Medical School. Read more
Closer To An HIV Cure? No Trace Of Virus After 2 Men Underwent Stem Cell Transplants. However, the Associated Press reported that more time is needed to determine if the HIV virus isn't just hiding undetected
Coping Mechanisms as a Springboard to Purpose. It's important to point out that creating a public purpose is not everyone's way of getting through an illness. Sometimes the outside world doesn't understand that.
How Do Physicians and Non-Physicians Want to Die?. The paradox, then -- the fact that people want to be actively saved if they are near or at the moment of death, but also want to die peacefully -- seems to be rooted in a pretty profound medical illiteracy.
Testosterone the Man Maker?. Once upon a time, only women experienced menopause and became candidates for hormone replacement therapy. We now have andropause, or male menopause. Has the American male developed hormone replacement envy?
Decision-making and Performance Under Pressure. Accept that pressure related discomfort is normal.  The goal is not to banish it.  If we seek to exterminate it, we only make our fear of pressure greater. Practice being more accepting of pressure related discomfort.
How Can We Benefit From Grateful Leadership?. The idea that others not only need us but also see the good both in and out of us, as well as our value, is imperative to sustain a happy, pleasurable life. Sadly, too many have discovered that our at-home selves are often more esteemed than the at-work versions of us.
We Tried It. Perhaps I'm the only one who feels this way, but to my mind these barre-esque, Pilates fusion classes that have become a staple of well-to-do New Yorker gym-goers diets are a bit of an \Emperor Has No Clothes\ situation.  If there is a fitness advantage to them, I simply don't see it.
The Principle of Truth. Yoga is so much more that simply a series of poses. The poses give us an opportunity to come together and practice the principles first in body and then in mind.
The Small But Often-Forgotten Protector. One of the things that amazes me most is how neglected this vital region of our body is exercised and understood. When I go to the gym rarely do I see someone training the all-important rotator cuff (RTC) group or its synergists -- the scapular rotator/stabilizer group.
Letting Go of Shame. We must recognize and address the negative pattern of shame, which tells us that we're no damn good, an indictment made by our own judge and jury in the form of our inner critic.  We are flawed and imperfect, but let's not forget that we have our strengths, talents and virtues.
Workplace Improvements. The American Psychological Association cites five components of a psychologically healthy workplace. I\u2019ve laid them out below
Why It's So Easy to Be Negative (and What to Do About It). Mother Nature would rather have us perceive something as more dangerous than it is so we react promptly. Rationally dissecting every instance in which we feel threatened isn't always realistic, but it is possible to neutralize this cognitive distortion.
Being Angry at God for Cancer. Being mad at the disease made all the sense in the world to me.  Being mad at God... didn't.  Because in my own mind, God does nothing on a whim.
Got Milk? No Thanks. How could something we grew up thinking was \nature's perfect food\ actually turn out to be not so perfect? As a dietitian, I have been inundated with information and propaganda about dairy for years.
How To Prepare Yourself For The Perfect, Stress-Free Vacation. 2. Don't make yourself too reachable Your flight could be delayed. It might rain the afternoon you plan to go jet skiing
Seasonal Affective Disorder And Sleep. Researchers from the University of Pittsburgh found that people with SAD -- which is a kind of depression that occurs in
40 Days of Joy. In this blog, I share Khary's story, as well as the photos he took while practicing 40 Days of Joy.
A Caregiver's Identity Crisis. My mother died in January of 2010, and I am no longer a caregiver. And when I wish she were here to advise or support me, I think back to a time before our roles reversed, to a time when she was my caregiver. I know her well enough to guess how she might advise me today.
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
A Patient Without Her Entourage. I am at my follow-up appointment in secret. Two years after finishing treatment, the novelty has long worn off. I didn't tell anyone this appointment was approaching. I almost forgot about it myself.
Recovery 2.0. Of course, one can stay sober without yoga and meditation. It's just that if you want to lift yourself up out of the energy of addiction and break through to a new level of strength and awareness, one will have to adopt a practice that continues the detoxification process on a much deeper level.
One Year Later. The metaphorical \burnout\ that physicians are known to experience during the workday also applies to physician writers who consume odd hours outside of an already overbooked week to practice this additional passion within their field.
Frying, Lying, and Dying. You can find a restaurant meal with more calories -- but when it comes to heart health, this is clearly the worst restaurant meal I've seen in 40 years of looking.
Yoga Off the Mat. How could I cultivate patience with my loved ones, for instance, and more importantly, myself?\u00a0I kept looking for the high feeling achieved after a deep yoga practice. The elation is a drug. It is more than just a feeling; it is biochemical.
This Is Your Brain on Kale. My ultimate measure of a food is its power to support brain health, and it is clear that more kale in your diet means a happier, healthier, sexier you -- all the basic signs that your brain is running well.
Why Mothers Struggling With Depression Should Seek Help. So much worry goes into your child's well-being. Yet, one of the most important things a woman can do when becoming a mother is to work on being in good mental health herself. If she starts to notice symptoms of depression, she shouldn't be afraid or ashamed to seek help.
Be Honest. Do you lug your laptop, smartphone and other technology halfway around the world to keep up with what you are supposed to
9 Simplest Ways To Be Happier At Work. The happiest--and most productive--people focus more on what they do, not on what they have. Here's how it works in practice
Paying Cash for Kids and Cancer. It's possible that to have a nickel-sized spot of cancer cut from my head will cost us more than the birth of our second child. I doubt I've got it in me to ask the surgeon to go without a local anesthetic, but maybe I will bring my own bandages and painkiller to cut down on costs.
Your 3 Biggest Work Complaints (and How to Address Them). Revisit the original reasons why you took the job. What did you think it would bring you -- and has it? Maybe the growth has been stunted or directionless. Or maybe you've outgrown it altogether.
Mislabeled Fish Affects Your Wallet And Health. Adding more confusion, the naming standards for seafood aren't consistent from state to state, says Jonathan E. Fielding
Why Healthy Eaters Fall For Fries. Public health officials have been pushing fast-food restaurants to offer more nutritious foods to help combat excess weight
Weekly Rune. Weather shamanism is all about balance -- not controlling rain or shine, but coming into concert with Nature in a way that
FDA Rejects New Insomnia Drug Suvorexant, Seeks Lower Dose. Merck said it received a complete response letter from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration saying that the agency could
Dear Marlboro Man. It was inevitable that things would end this way because your message was fundamentally flawed, built on bad information. You were never independent.
Fast Food Fantasy. Imagine if we -- the food customers -- rallied around a higher standard to serve our collective satisfaction. Could we really stand up to Big Food? Would we be biting off more than we could hope to chew and swallow, or might we really change the food supply?
The First Few Chapters of a Life With OCD. I hope to offer up a raw and naked account of a disease that is too often trivialized or misunderstood. I want to share something that others can relate to -- both OCD sufferers and those who simply wish to understand more about this condition.
3 Essential Morning to Night Healthy Drink Recipes for City Living [VIDEO]. As a city dweller, do you often try to cram nutrition into your schedule with the hope of feeling fresh and flawless?
Strength Lessons in Yoga from a Circus Trainer. I am familiar with being broken down to build back up again from my yoga practice but this was fast and furious and left me breathless, as though 14 years of work amounted to a pile of mush.
Mindful Eating Is Just a Fad (And Other Myths). Unfortunately, the phrase \mindful eating\ is being misused by some people as a way to talk about restricting food intake. That is a fad -- and it is not what mindful eating is all about.
5 Ways to Become More Well-Liked. Ask follow-up questions.  Too often we think we are demonstrating interest by listening, then responding by describing one of our past experiences or opinions. Instead prove you've heard and care by probing further.
Tastiest Healthy Drinks for a Hot Summer Day. Nothing beats a nice cold drink on a hot summer day. Unfortunately, sodas, sports drinks, juice drinks, energy drinks, smoothies, and even juice offer a ton of calories and sugar most of us don't need.
Meditation In Action. 5. If it\u2019s a food you\u2019re going to eat with your hands, notice the texture as you pick it up, the temperature, and perhaps
Late Night Snacking Tied To Weight Gain From Sleep Deprivation. This isn't the only research to show that weight gain can come from sleep deprivation because of added calories. A controlled
Heat Wave Safety. Heat waves are dangerous
Nutritionists' Favorite Healthy Kitchen Gadgets. When it comes to making fast, healthy, and delicious meals, even top nutritionists can use a little bit of help in the kitchen. I asked some of my favorite registered dietitian foodies to share their top kitchen gadget picks.
The Alphabet of Happiness. Living your life with the intention of being honest to your authentic self is a key to well-being. Be honest about how you feel, and about how your thoughts influence your reality. Be honest with yourself about how the choices you make today show up in your world in the future.
The Truth About Limiting Beliefs. Fess up... where do you need to start working through some serious stuff in order to get to the next level in your life or business? What needs light shed on it, or where do you need to get some professional support?
July Superfoods. There may not be a better month for seasonal eating than July. The very best of nature's candy -- fruit -- is on full display
We Do Need Another Hero. Being a hero does not mean that we are fearless or even that we succeed in saving the day. It simply means that we mobilize our inner and outer resources, so as to live our lives with dignity, purpose, vision, and passion.
Don't Let Summer Sabotage Your Diet. Summertime is when the livin' is easy... and the pounds just peel off, right? Wrong! That's not the case for many who take a summer \vacation\ from healthy eating and wind up heavier on Labor Day than they were on Memorial Day.
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Smoking Linked With Worse Emotional Health In Gallup Report. Smokers may not only be harming their physical health when they light up -- their emotional health could be taking a hit
Scoliosis. To find out why it's important to move gently and slowly to induce positive brain/body change, you can read about the Nine
We Are the Naked Emperor. This is a deeply insightful story that exposes how we can know something yet refuse to acknowledge that we know it.
Are You a Home for Identities?. It is tempting to think of the self as simply a home for the identities we adopt over our lifetime, but on reflection, this, too, falls short. Our self is also the source of the identities that sally forth as our proxies.
Are You Fully Present in Your Relationship or Marriage?. If you'd rather be doing nothing other than being with your partner or spouse, but having a hard time concentrating on what they're saying to you, take a moment to center yourself so that your focus is on them. That can help pull you in the moment instead of allowing your mind to wander
Healthy Lifestyle Could Lower Prostate Cancer Patients' Risk Of Aggressive Tumors. \Most men are at risk of prostate cancer, but it is the level of aggressiveness of disease that is most clinically relevant
Eliquis, Blood Clot Preventer, Works As Well As Warfarin With Less Bleeding. SLOW UPTAKE FOR SOME \Even if you show just non-inferiority, the advantage (of Eliquis) in terms of increased practicality
Create Happiness Ripples in Your Life Today. We sometimes have a tendency to stop working towards our happiness once we achieve some sort of measurable success. Although it may seem counterintuitive, when things are moving in the right direction, it's important to work even harder.
6 Amazing Benefits of Tea. For those that have not yet embraced a tea-drinking habit, it's never too late to start brewing a batch! Explore the various types, flavors, and brands to find your tea-mate.
10 Of The Best Yoga Poses For Sleep. That's where yoga comes in. By lowering stress levels, calming the mind and relieving tension in the body, the soothing practice
What a Near-Death Experience Gave Me. People who don't hold a belief in spirit or higher power or religion or faith may bristle here. But I know what I felt and I heard this nurse -- and others -- say it out loud.  Some force was at work in the room.
Mindfulness Means Nothing. Mindfulness is the ability to live life more fully aware of what's going on both around us and in our minds. Through that awareness, we become more familiar with our ongoing mental habits.
Summer Party Meals. We all have our favorite summertime foods
The Power of Morning Practice. What the experience of noticing the transition from vacation to regular life taught me is that during more stressful times, I have to be more intentional about my practice.
Healthy Breakfast Ideas. Get nukin'. A speedy idea from commenter butchcliff
Is Sugar From Fruit Better For You Than White Sugar?. The ratios of fructose and glucose are pretty much the same in both fruit and table sugar. Most fruits are 40 to 55 percent
Everyday Heroes. We could consider empathy as the complementary twin of shape shifting. Rather than change our outward appearance, we change
Living By The Ocean Is Good For Your Health, Expert Says. 11 Tips to Lower Stress The Most Awe-Inspiring Natural Wonders in America In Living Color
De-Stress Mind and Body With This Simple Summer Detox. The basic premise of a detox diet is this
Easy Does It. These seven foods and drinks are dose-dependent
The Other Night I Cried My Eyes Out. You see, the thing about living a life centered around joy, passion and fulfillment is that it involves tears. It involves pain and suffering because like you, I'm human. Suffering in this life is unavoidable.
Oxytocin Boosts 'Tend And Befriend' Tendencies After Social Rejection, Study Finds. For the study, researchers had 100 students receive a nasal spray of either oxytocin or a placebo. The student participants
All Your Sleep Problems, Solved. In theory, getting a good night's sleep is simple
Give Your Veggies and Dip a Makeover. Don't get me wrong, I love baby carrots and hummus, but it's time to give this advice a modern makeover. So my nutrition team and I were put to the test to come up with a healthy, fun and EASY way to update the usual veggies and dip.
'I Need a Drink'. How many of us (or how often do we) get that anxious feeling that tells us you need a drink? Like, say you're overwhelmed
Less Self Control Can Mean Sacrificing More For Your Partner, Study Finds. \It might be that people who have high self control, they just pay attention not to neglect the self,\ she said. \When people
M.E. Thomas On Her Sociopath Diagnosis. Dr. John Edens, Professor of Psychology at Texas A&M University, describes sociopaths as \people who are emotionally disconnected
How to Find the Joy Even When You Are Sad. Acknowledging your emotions and realizing that any given situation can offer an array of feelings -- in a single moment -- is important to thriving no matter what life tosses your way.
Sleep Problems And PTSD. \We found that insomnia is both a symptom and a risk factor for mental illness and may present a modifiable target for intervention
What Are Nail Ridges. \Ask Healthy Living\ is for informational purposes only and is not a substitute for medical advice. Please consult a qualified
Traumatic Brain Injury May Raise Stroke Risk. In 2011, researchers from Taipei Medical University in Taiwan found stroke risk increases tenfold in the three months after
Sociopath Treatment. Finding a treatment for sociopaths -- or a therapy to help them live more effectively -- is not so simple. Dr. John Edens
Pennsylvania Hospitals' Ban On Hiring Smokers Stirs Debate. Both the highly rated University of Pennsylvania Health System, which includes the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania
The End of Prop 8. The Supreme Court's ruling on Tuesday to lift Prop 8 in California means that now same-sex marriages can get all federal benefits that heterosexual marriages can. But it also means that we got a needed boost in the future emotional prosperity for all Americans.
'Coca-Cola Life,' Stevia-Sweetened Cola, To Debut In Argentina [UPDATED]. Beverage Daily tweeted a picture of the drink earlier this week
The Body Data Craze. Welcome to my biography, 2013-style. It includes more data points than it possibly could have 20 years ago. And it's part
Who's Happy Around The World?. Finding bliss is complicated, no matter where you are in the world. Read more on time.com
Compassion. It doesn't matter what age we are, if we're in these bodies and on planet Earth, it's not easy. That doesn't mean that we're always slaving away or that life is bad, it just means life can be really challenging at times.
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
The Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics' Big Food Controversy. For years, many of my colleagues and I have voiced our discontent that the professional organization that represents us takes money from and partners with the likes of Coca-Cola, PepsiCo, McDonald's, and Hershey's, supposedly to foster dialogue with the industry and help Americans get healthier.
Time for Rebirth. Rebirth can be anything you want. You can create your life. If you simply wake up from the dream and find yourself more at peace, it will change the way your life unfolds. It will enhance your journey.
Does Look AHEAD Set Us Back?. The trial is not news because these same results were reported, and received widespread media attention, last fall. This matters, because double dipping gives the impression that this is the second trial in the past year to reach this same conclusion.
Aspirin Recalled Over Acetaminophen Mix-Up. A nationwide baby aspirin recall is underway after a CVS pharmacist discovered a 120-pill bottle of baby aspirin was filled
Three Zen Stories for Peace of Heart. Zen stories serve as intriguing reminders we can use to keep our feet on the path of a calm heart and an untroubled mind in the hustle of everyday life.  It is always easier to remember a story than an idea!
The Caregivers' Guide to Summer Travel. Summer is upon us, and vacation is in the air. But the prospect can be daunting for someone limited by illness, disability or age, as well was for the 65.7 million family caregivers who help a loved one get through the day safely.
Colorectal Cancer Screening Saves Lives. More than 50,000 Americans are expected to die from colorectal cancer this year alone. We need to reduce that number by seeing that everyone who should be screened for colorectal cancer gets screened.
The Moment I Knew. I found myself hunched over my iPhone at the local 24-hour Dunkin' Robbins, in tears, for the first time telling someone other than my psychiatrist exactly how I was feeling.
Eating More Omega-3 Fatty Acids From Fish Linked With Lower Breast Cancer Risk. In the new analysis, researchers looked at studies that measured omega-3 intake in two different ways; either by measuring
Running. I consider running in a novel way, but one that's as natural to humans as are the undulations of flying to sparrows, and swimming to elephant seals. That means regardless of medium, on this planet, horizontal locomotion requires us to hitch a ride with gravity.
Improve Concentration At Work. Medication can help, but there are also do-it-yourself tricks that can help maximize productivity and efficiency. Read on
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Americans Want Less Social Media, More Face-To-Face Interaction. The survey of 1,000 people, commissioned by disposable partyware maker Chinet, found that 62 percent of respondents said
5 Key Steps to Habit Change. To change the habit we must first bring it into consciousness again. That takes self-awareness, a fundamental of emotional intelligence.
Dehydration Myths. Myth
7 Common Myths About Pandemics and New Diseases. Myth 1
OPA! 'Swing Away' at Life!. When we search out and discover the authentic meaning of our existence and our experiences, we learn that life doesn't just happen to us. We happen to life; and we make it meaningful.
I Pause for Moose. I'm in Alaska, where the moose are plentiful and the driving is somewhat stop and go.  Once stopped, there's not a lot you can do but gape at the sight of the moose (they're huge) and snap some pictures (assuming your camera is primed).  But later, there's time for reflection on the lessons learned from moose.
Overcoming Self-Doubt, From Heart to Heart. I believe that doubt is the No. 1 killer of the human spirit. And it is imperative that we see it and address it and shake it loose. With fear, you can still feel the adrenaline and get the energy to overcome it, but doubt can paralyze you and you don't even feel it.
Talking About HIV. As the moment of levity passed, his smile faded because I wanted to know why he'd chosen to use a fictional HBO character as a next of kin in an official health record. I knew his silence meant he was still struggling with his diagnosis and worse, he probably hadn't told anyone.
The Difference Between Your Higher Self and Your False Self. Promise yourself to focus on the good that is present in you and all around you. By doing so, you will eventually get back to yourself, back to being authentic and back to living a blissful, abundant and loving life.
How to Find Balance While Living Fully. When any one area of your life is significantly off-balance, it throws you off in every other aspect, taking you out of your \A\ game and making you feel a little less awesome than you actually are.
How Forgiving Are You?. I then explain to them
Medicare Patients More Likely To Take Medicines On Time Than Other Insured Patients. June 27 (Reuters) - Americans on Medicare prescription drug plans do a better job of taking their medicines on time compared
Change Our Story. Every day we live our lives in the gravitational pull of our belief systems. And every one of them starts from the inside out -- trailing back generations often without our knowledge.
Forgiveness. Forgiveness means that you are choosing to release the grip you've continued to allow people and situations from your past to have over you in the present. It is a gift of acceptance you give to yourself; the very gift that allows for true freedom from all that has come before.
The Journey to True Love. I have come to believe the answer to love, to finding our soul mate, is really finding intimacy within ourselves. If someone provokes irritation in you, this shows a weakness in yourself that needs to be elevated.
30-Minute Bodyweight Workout At The Playground. What are your go-to playground exercises? Tell us in the comments below. Love this playground workout? Keep it interesting
The Art of Reconsidering. Your feelings come from the inside (from your thinking) only. Simply grab hold of this principle and see how easy it becomes to override your judgmental dispositions, find loving and inspiring feelings, and uncover a fresh outlook about anything.
My 'Sad Day' Turned Into a Clinical Diagnosis for Depression. Too often, a small issue is diagnosed and becomes greater by virtue of being labeled. Once you have been labeled, there is an overwhelming desire to fix that problem. This approach automatically forces you into negative thinking.
Teens And Traumatic Brain Injury. Published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, researchers from St. Michael's Hospital found that one in five
Summer is Here! Discover the Healing Power of Nature. For many family caregivers getting personal \alone time\ is a real challenge, but getting outside is an easy way to give yourself a bit of a break, even when time is limited.
When Vomit Isn't Vomit. Today I want to discuss the difference between vomiting and regurgitating.
Rixubis, Hemophilia B Drug, Approved By FDA. Hemophilia B is one of two forms of the disease and occurs in about one in 25,000 male births. The most common form is called
Prescription for Happiness. There are consequences to our belief that we need to do something to get to happy, to now, and to the place where we can finally stop trying to get anywhere.  For one thing, any happiness we achieve this way will be a temporary fix.
Anxiety Tied To Sleep Deprivation. \It's been hard to tease out whether sleep loss is simply a byproduct of anxiety, or whether sleep disruption causes anxiety
Stopping to Recognize Live-Out-Loud Joy as You're Living It. When I look back now, did I stop to recognize the joy of those moments in the moment?  Did I know then how much I would treasure them now? Was I aware that living life out loud was often at its best with very little noise and fanfare?
Researchers Shocked by Mushroom Study Results. In a study conducted at the University of Pennsylvania School of Veterinary Medicine, dogs with hemangiosarcoma -- an aggressive, malignant cancer that develops in the cells of blood vessels -- were given a compound derived from a type of mushroom, Coriolus versicolor.
Lessons on Love, Joy and the Power of Dreaming From the World's Oldest CEO. \Relationships are everything.\ Papa Jack was forever baffled at the popularity of his shirts with such headline-makers as
Let's Change How America Eats. For me, the worst part about dieting is being hungry. But what I learned is that you can't exercise a weight problem away. What started with food has to end with food.
Can You Turn Off Your Fat Genes?. Have you ever wondered why some people seem to do very well on a diet and exercise plan, while others seem to fail with the same plan? Much of this is due to the fact that everyone has a unique body type that will respond differently to a specific workout or nutrition plan. This is a concept known as \somatotyping.\
10 Ways Over-Thinking Destroys Your Happiness. When you break up with over-thinking it's like writing your own \get out of jail free\ card. It doesn't cost you anything to end your relationship with the drama inside your head. You can decide to focus on things in the present that are deserving of your time and attention whenever you choose.
Sleep-Deprived Teens Skimp On Produce, Eat More Unhealthy Food. And just this month, a study presented at the annual meeting of The Endocrine Society showed that sleep deprivation is linked
Drinking Can Kill You -- Especially If You're a Woman!. Understanding exactly why alcoholism is so much more lethal among women as compared to men will require further study.  For now, these findings should amount to a red flag for women -- and not only those who are alcoholics.
We Tried It. The hour-long workout classes are not for the faint of heart
Notes From a Boot Camp for the Grandmother's Soul. As I become aware of how much more I'm being called upon to be, I also see there is much more available to me than I ever knew was possible. I know this is true for me, but I believe it's true for all of us.
The Heart Honors the Sacred Feminine. \We are in a huge time of transition,\ concurs Helen Fisher, Ph.D. -- a biological anthropology professor at Rutgers University
How To Take A Stress-Free Vacation From Your Stressful Job. Vacation is meant to be a time of respite during which you can rest and recharge \u2013 but for some, taking a break from work
Lose Stress at Work. Every job carries a certain -- even healthy -- level of stress. A little bit can motivate you, but a lot can wreak havoc on your health. And since you spend so much of your time at work, you're likely experiencing a lot of your stress there, too.
The Hindsight of Cancer. As a survivor, I owe it to humanity to share everything I can to take any shred of power away from cancer.  And yes, it's taken me a little while to find my voice, to find my vulnerability and to squash it, and to be free and able and willing and happy to talk about my own path.
Apple Health Info. But just because the humble apple is ubiquitous doesn't mean it's without some mystery as well. Read on to learn more about
Eating Utensil Type Can Influence How Things Taste, Study Finds. For the second experiment, researchers sought to understand if the color of the spoon mattered. When study participants ate
The Paradox of Help. A lot of thoughtful reflection, accountability from trusted friends and a sincere desire to change have helped me largely overcome my \help issues,\ although I am still far from perfect. I have learned to not only more easily accept assistance, but to seek it out from my extended network.
Breast Cancer Prevention. For more by Wendie Trubow, click here. If you're constipated, these \barbells\ sit in your gut. As they sit, there is more
How To Avoid Health Hazards At The Beach. Before going into the water, talk to a lifeguard or look around for informational signs, Tew says. Many beaches use flags
The Good Kind of Cancer?. I vividly remember two or three different people telling me that I was lucky to have Hodgkin's, \the good kind of cancer.\ But no cancer is \good,\ and no treatment \easy,\ especially when you're the patient.
Mindfulness and How It Helps Kids Excel. Mindfulness isn't about grades or being perfect. Everyone's answer has equal merit and differences are cherished. Do you see the freedom in that? This allows for expanded thought and exploration.
GPS Guide. Marcelle Pick, M.S.N., OB/GYN NP, author of \The Core Balance Diet,\ \Is It Me or My Adrenals?\ and \Is It Me or My Hormones
BMI And Heart Failure. \This large study provides a more direct link to heart disease using genetic information,\ said Stephanie Moore, MD, a cardiologist
5 Clues You Are Addicted to Sugar. A new study published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition suggests that, in fact, higher-sugar, higher-glycemic foods can be addictive.
The Story of Rodale's Style. Their doors were always open, and inside was the smell of good food cooking, oil paints, the oil of my mother's Singer sewing
Why The Workplace Will Be The Future Of Health And Fitness. We're now about two thirds of the way through the fifth annual National Employee Wellness Month (NEWM). Across the country
Fungal Meningitis. Another unusual aspect of the infections the researchers found was that Exserohilum didn't invade the neural tissue of the
Gene That Regulates Circadian Rhythms Linked To Aging, Study Finds. A lack of sleep can contribute to a host of negative health effects, and researchers say they now understand why. Working
R.I.P. James Gandolfini. The death of any young person -- particularly from potentially-preventable causes -- is a tragedy. And events like this, because of their notoriety and widespread media coverage, have the opportunity to spur change.
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Exercise Reduces Fat Surrounding Heart, Liver Of People With Type 2 Diabetes. And for people at risk for diabetes, some exercise could hold benefits, too. A recent study showed that a 15-minute walk
Forgotten Dimension of Diabetes Revealed in DAWN2 Study. You can have access to better medicines and tools and yet do little because you haven't got the emotional strength, resilience and support to get up every day and manage this chronic condition.
Five Kitchen Staples These Nutritionists Are Never Without. It may sound obvious, but it bears repeating
Vegetarian And Vegan Pet Peeves. \But you'll eat chicken, right? \ *sigh* --Hazel Willis Walker No matter their reason for choosing to forgo meat, vegetarians
Telling the One You're in a Relationship With. If someone cannot be supportive of your decision to screen and be proactive about cancer, than that person probably cannot be there for you in other ways.
Joy To the Rescue. In the midst of my relationship dramas joy was something I had nearly forgotten about. The men I was drawn to kept me over thinking, under sleeping and consistently anxious. But the pain of it all was comfortably familiar and strangely invigorating.
Brave and Crazy. I don't know what choice I would personally make if I had this genetic predisposition. I can see both decisions as valid. I do however, have some questions about if I, as a non-celebrity, would have the same options Angelina Jolie and Melissa Etheridge had.
5 Reasons Why You Need To Boost Your Breakfast. \u2022 Breakfast can help keep disease at bay. A recent study suggests that starting your day with a solid breakfast helps keep
Cultivating Self-Awareness. I do know that awareness can be taught, it can be learned, it can be discovered, but I'm not sure that it can ever be arrived at. In other words, it's a gradual unpeeling where you never get to the core.
Would You Please Stop Bothering Me?. Focusing on the good lifts us into a state where our creativity resides with power, confidence, encouragement, love, and blessing. When we are in this state, we step into our true power.
Surgery Options Exist to Treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea. To answer the question if surgery really works for sleep apnea, we can say that if the goal is to decrease the cardiovascular risk, and improve the symptoms associated with the disease such as daytime sleepiness, snoring severity, and poor sleep quality, there is convincing evidence showing good results for each one of these problems.
How Long You Live Might Depend on How Well You Get Up From Sitting. It turns out there is a simple test that nearly everyone can do in their own home that can predict their chance of a long life.
Cleaning. Let's not dump too many intentions onto cleaning or onto exercise; it's just confusing. Keep them separate. Do these activities with separate intentions and let habits form. Creating good habits from things we enjoy is how we remain happy and healthy.
Forage for Your Supper. As a city dweller of nine years, I've come to realize that I now rely entirely on others to fetch, forage and farm my food. Sure, I cook for myself and grow some key herbs, but besides that, I am completely reliant on others for my daily dose of nutrition.
Woman Drinks Only Soda for 16 Years, Suffers Heart Problems. Drinking too much cola may cause excess water to enter the bowels, which in turn leads to diarrhea, and loss of potassium
QUIZ. Summertime means more time spent outdoors -- do you know how to protect yourself from seasonal health risks? The hot temperatures
Doing what you love. But for the majority, your passion can never be your job. That's weird.
What 200 Calories Look Like (VIDEO). The video has also a good description of exactly what a calorie is and how all calories aren't exactly created equal. For
Child HIV Infections Cut By Half In 7 Countries In Africa. And for those children who do become infected, access to AIDS drugs that can keep their disease in check is \unacceptably
Step Into the Person You Want to Be. In this week's vlog I share my thoughts on how we can play BIG in our lives starting NOW. We can no longer dance around the perimeter of the person we want to be, we must dive in deeply and completely.
Meditation In Action. By Headspace The First Meeting Sweaty palms, butterflies in the stomach and a tight chest. These are just the physical signs
Fish And Your Heart. By Jennifer J Brown, PhD A Shout-Out for the Mediterranean Diet The researchers followed more than 57,000 participants in
Single or Married? Which Status Gives You More Freedom?. Our minds need to develop new thought pathways different from the old belief system. To make the shift more solid, research has shown it takes 21 - 30 days of practice; a mere fraction of the time it took you to acquire the initial negative pattern. What a relief!
Teens Health. The CDC also recommends that high-school age girls eat at least 1.5 cups of fruit and 2.5 cups of vegetables a day, and high
What Chef Bobby Flay Eats For Breakfast. You know Bobby Flay. He's the Emmy-winning Iron Chef with all the TV shows, cookbooks, and restaurants (and Burger Palaces
Promoting Independence for Those With Memory Loss. It may not always be easy to be patient while your loved one with memory loss manages these routine activities, but remember to take a deep breath, keep calm and help them to be successful each day.
Running. Because the running shoe materially alters natural gait and simultaneously robs us of the feedback necessary to correct and adjust our faulty stride, this protective, supportive device creates and becomes itself a threatening environment.
A Breakthrough for Restless Legs Syndrome?. For a condition that has often confounded experts, and caused such discomfort, disruption, and sleeplessness to so many patients, this study brings both welcome and encouraging news.
Walking Meetings. If you can get outside, even more fantastic. A little taste of great outdoors will reduce your stress and might even make
Morning, Noon or Night. Do you hop out of bed first thing in the morning and hit the gym? Maybe you prefer a late-night workout before bed. Either way, the food you consume pre- and post-workout are just as important as the workout itself.
It's Not in Your Head, It's in Your Body. The 1998 study known as the ACE (Adverse Childhood Experiences) study clearly shows with a gigantic amount of evidence that our life stories matter a great deal to our health.
Top 10 Things That Annoy Me. I'm not easily annoyed, but there are things that do aggravate me. In case you ever meet me, here is what you need to know
Azoospermia. Azoospermia is diagnosed through two semen analysis evaluations. This includes a full physical examination, laboratory tests
Don't Fear Your Mother-in-Law. We're in the throes of wedding season and inevitably I see lots of in-law related issues either before or shortly after marriage. One of the most common issues is from the wife who feels that the mother-in-law gets between her and her husband.
Weekly Rune. Reference
What 'World War Z' Gets Right -- And Wrong -- About Viruses. The virus spreads quietly in China before being carried around the world by travel and commerce. It infects people through
Eating Chicken As A Teen Could Ward Off Colon Cancer. In the study, 19,771 women ages 34 to 51 answered questions about their diet during high school. Over the following 10 years
The Powerful Key to Creating a Loving Relationship. Instead of rejecting and abandoning themselves by avoiding responsibility for their own feelings with various addictions, loving people take full responsibility for their own pain and joy so that they are not needy of someone doing this for them.
Exercise Can Turn 'Bad' Fat Into 'Good' Brown Fat. In fact, a study published last year in the Journal of Clinical Investigation showed that cold temperatures seem to spur
Lessening Our Pain. Every life, in every age, has had to find its way
The Growing Battle Over How To Treat Lyme Disease. Kaleigh Ahern was 12 years old when a tick bit her. She noticed it \perched\ on her shoulder when she was taking a shower
Find What's Sacred. Without stress or pressure, see if there could be a deepening commitment to this something sacred. How do you feel about making sanctuary for it, in your attention and intentions, and in how you spend your time and other resources?
4 Of The Strangest Sleep Disorders Ever. Sleep Sex So-called sexsomnia is allegedly like any other behavior acted out while sleeping, like sleep walking or eating
Meryl Streep, Thomas Eakins and Me. Why do I love this \gentleman's sport\? For me, though, the psychic dividends are equally important. An hour or so each day spent floating mere inches above the water's surface -- back and forth and back and forth -- provides a perfect opportunity to think without distractions.
I Have a Dream. We admire the person who puts their dream first and pays attention to it and talks about it because that person ultimately makes himself vulnerable.
Consider Your Pets in Your Will. \Pet owners can outline their wishes regarding how the income and principal is to be used to care for each individual pet, or suggest the trust be restrictive and only provide money for the pet's medical care.\
GPS Guide. For more GPS Guides, click here. We could all benefit from taking a break from our stressful days. And sometimes, a change
Mindfulness At Work. 5. Find a time to unplug 2. Try a three-minute breathing space. \You do that two or three times a day, and it will transform
Thirdhand Smoke Spurs DNA Damage, Study Finds. \The findings of this study demonstrate for the first time that exposure to THS [thirdhand smoke] is genotoxic in human cell
Feeling Uninspired? How To Get Out Of That Rut. It\u2019s an acute case of writer\u2019s block, but it\u2019s also an accurate description of how each of us feel in the throws of a depressive
Does the AMA's Declaration That Obesity Is a Disease Offer Us a New Excuse To Be Fat?. So no matter how our community (and individual) obesity problem is classified, let's not forget that that the real cure comes from inside ourselves.
Americans Have Most Difficulty Falling Asleep On Sunday Nights, Survey Says. When Monday morning rolls around are you ready to hit the ground running or would you rather turn over in bed and fall back
Mindfulness in Everyday Life. What is the secret to accessing personal power? How does one go beyond fear and self-doubt to triumph in the end? Where does the feeling of power really come from? And how can a person find it for him or herself?
Mindful Dishwashing. His light-heartedness, which we so enjoyed, lingered even after he had left. It was marked by a great sense of mindfulness and presence, exemplified in the way he would clean the dishes after a meal.  Maitreya remarked
How to Make the Most of Your Life Transitions. Being in transition is a wonderful opportunity for growth. Take a look at the parts of yourself and your life that you most value-- how can you bring those parts of yourself into your new role?
Can We Choose Our Reality?. To make sense of the world without frying our brains, we need to filter out a large portion of all that's coming at us. But how do we distinguish the tiny fraction that's relevant from the massive input we can ignore?
Brain Activity Can Reveal Emotions, Study Finds. The findings, published in the journal PLOS ONE, are important to emotion research because they bring \a new method with
Just My Opinion. In my opinion, science should not be treated like a ping pong ball. No one study replaces all that came before. Every study should be interpreted in context, situated into the prior body of accumulated understanding, because that's where studies make sense.
The Weight of a Secret. Whether that secret crush is creating fear and insecurity or a secret habit is stirring up guilt, secrets come with a cost that more often than not far outweighs the benefit. So what is this cost? Added emotional weight that pulls you down emotionally and physically.
What to Say to Yourself (And Those You Love) When the Worst-Case Scenario Comes True. What do you say to console someone who has seen the ugliest side of humanity? Who has faced their worst nightmare? Who has lost everything? What do you say to comfort yourself? I'm not an expert on grief and loss, but fortunately, I happen to know one.
Depression And Music. \u201cOur music preferences show how social we are,\u201d observed study author Chan Jean Lee, PhD, of KAIST Business School in Seoul
H7N9 Bird Flu May Have Petered Out For Now, But Experts Warn Of Resurgence. After analysing data on hospital admissions, the team found that H5N1 bird flu had a fatality risk of around 60 percent for
Three New Diets for Weight Loss. With all the new diet trends that seem to spring up daily, it's not surprising many people are confused about what to eat. At the end of the day, all diets use a gimmick or trick to make you focus on how to change your eating habits to be healthier.
Advantages in Bipolar -- No Longer If, but Why and How. Four distinguished panelists gave presentations about their research into why people with bipolar disorder tend to exhibit advantages in some parts of their lives. They said it was the first time ever that the APA had such a discussion and it was a great honor to be a part of it.
Summer's Here -- Juice It Up!. The primary advantage of juicing is to introduce a greater abundance of health-promoting produce into your daily life; juicing gives you a concentrated dose of vitamins and other nutrients and allows you to enjoy some vegetables that you might otherwise avoid.
Healthy Breakfast Ideas. Peel, plop and enjoy
HuffPost Workouts. Though extra precautions must be taken for this more strenuous season, summer workouts -- especially outdoors -- are a true pleasure
Building an Unlimited Identity. The false limits we have set up for ourselves can be shattered to reveal the core of our genuine being. You can use the following 10 principles for building the most authentic version of yourself.
How To Read A Food Label. Overwhelmed by all those hard-to-pronounce words on the ingredient list? You're not alone. \The Nutrition Facts panel is
MERS Coronavirus. On Thursday, it confirmed four new cases, including three health workers, who have all recovered. The latest cases bring
Dulaglutide, Once-Weekly Diabetes Drug, Works Better Than Some Other Medicines, Trials Show. The findings from the trio of late-stage studies suggest the treatment known as dulaglutide could be an important new weapon
Stanford's Research Provides Hope for Patients With Narcolepsy. Adjusting to narcolepsy in law school wasn't easy. The treatments improved my symptoms but did not erase them. A few months after the diagnosis, I reached an all-time low, realizing narcolepsy was a serious illness I would face every day of my life. There was no cure.
These Summertime Activities Will Zap Your Stress In No Time. Summer may be one of the busiest times of the year with vacations and holiday weekends, but that doesn\u2019t mean there isn\u2019t
Y.A.K.. We often hear competing advice from our own inner voice, too. We might hear \Follow your heart; go for it!\ one moment and \Don't be a fool; that's too risky and you'll never succeed\ the next.
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (June 21-27). Even momentarily concentrating on healthy solutions rewires psychological patterns to receive and share healthy sexual love in the present.  Here are three meditations with the themes of distance, difficulty, and constancy for you to ponder and practice this week.
Spiritual Sex. The movements I refer to are those of men choosing to right their collective wrongs and to diminish the energy of control and brute force that has so long held sway. The maxim \what you focus on expands\ is critically important for spreading these positive actions on the part of men.
Sleep Deprivation Raises Blood Levels Of Appetite-Boosting Molecule. Researchers from the University of Chicago found that when healthy, young adults who were not obese slept for just four-and
Summer Health Benefits. Between the diet-derailing barbecues and the scorching sunburns, seems like there can be a lot to avoid when summer rolls
Vegetables Are Alive And Have Internal Clocks, Study Finds. \Vegetables and fruits don't die the moment they are harvested,\ study researcher Janet Braam, a biologist, professor and
Obesity as Disease. There is a certain irony in the nearly immediate juxtaposition of the rare introduction of a new FDA-approved drug for weight loss (Belviq) to the marketplace and the recognition of obesity as a \disease\ by the AMA. A line from the movie Jerry Maguire comes to mind
Blastomycosis Outbreak. Benedict said the exact reasons why Hmong people were at higher risk for falling ill in this outbreak were unclear. The fungus
Hotels Let Guests Sleep In On Sundays. Hotels are encouraging their guests to sleep in on Sunday. A growing number of hotels are granting travelers a reprieve from
Ordinary Running Shoes Work Just Fine For New Runners, Study Finds. With more than 310 miles logged each, about three quarters of all runners remained injury free. There was no significant
A Room With A View. Getting a window office may not just be good for your career, but it appears to be good for your health. A new study found
The Moment I Knew. These are the types of life experiences that poison a person down to the cellular level, and no amount of time at the gym will release such toxins.
The Sobering Connection Between Obesity And Heart Disease. Gandolfini\u2019s devastating death comes after a recent announcement earlier this week from the nation\u2019s largest group of doctors
Morocco's Disappearing Mediterranean Diet. As many people around the world are beginning to realize the detrimental effects of a standard Western diet, an effort should be made to hold on to traditional foodways as much as possible. Because once those Moroccan grandmothers are gone, a deep repository of cultural knowledge goes with them.
Exercise Frequency May Not Matter As Long As You Work Out 150 Minutes A Week, Study Finds. Researchers separated out the physically active participants from the physically inactive participants; the physical active
Who Am I?. While we all casually refer to our self, no one knows quite what that self is. Nothing is so close at hand yet hard to grasp as selfhood.
What People in Crisis Need. After writing this blog (http://www.huffingtonpost.com/kristin-meekhof/the-moment-i-knew_25_b_3414936.html ) on The Huffington
U.S. Obesity Rate So Far On Track To Surpass Last Year's. These findings come on the heels of the American Medical Association's decision to recognize obesity as a disease. The percentage
In the Realm of the Senses. All of our conflicts (and suffering) stem from the fact that no two people perceive the same reality with their senses.  This is why spiritual practice aims at releasing the human mind from the delusion of separateness caused by sensory interpretation.
Summer Solstice Quotes. Happy first day of summer! As the Northern Hemisphere prepares for the Summer Solstice, the longest day of the year, we're
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Making History With the New Spirituality. If we open our minds and hearts, isn't it possible that this radical but common sense view of the Divine answers some nagging questions that may have been bothering us for a long time?
The Ride of My Life. I continued down the road, reflecting on all of these things, with the cadence of my breath and pedals steady, powering into the wind. I began to think about how amazing this life has been. At 37 years old, I'm starting to see things in a much different way.
Third Metric Redefines Success (INFOGRAPHIC). According to a new Gallup study, only 30 percent of the 100 million Americans who work fulltime are engaged at work, while
The Idiotic Cleanse Craze And The Modern Theology Of Juice Fasts | New Republic. What draws sophisticated and healthy people like Aharoni's friends to commercial quasi-fasts? Cleanses, whether they last
Sleep Well for a Safe Workplace. A recent summary of the effects of even short term sleep deprivation on cognition reveals that a lack of sleep hinders most of our thought processes. High profile incidents provide examples of how a lack of sleep can create unsafe work environments.
Judgement Clouds the Mind. Self-criticism leads to negative thought patterns, self-doubt, and anxiety, which in turn can wreak havoc on the heart and the immune system, and prevent us from leading the lives that we truly deserve.
How to Get Your Virginity Back. Lying about whether you were a virgin was the standard way you dealt with the double-bind of satisfying desires and the resultant guilt and shame instilled by a repressive Confucian ethos. An MO, which -- as anything hidden does -- only produces greater shame.
What Is Yoga Therapy?. Yoga therapy encompasses not only the body and the movements we do on the yoga mat, but how we live and treat others and ourselves off the mat, which is ultimately what matters for a healthy and whole life.
Can TV Help Minority Children Achieve? New Studies Raise Concerns That Low-Income Parents Overvalue Media-Based Education. Purveyors of cheap and easy (and entirely unhealthy) food see these children as tools to get their typically low-income parents
Sleep And Diabetes. Having good insulin sensitivity is vital to preventing Type 2 diabetes. When a person has good insulin sensitivity, it means
Yoga Lessons To Bring Off The Mat And Into Your Work Life (PHOTOS). 5. Don't skip savasana. Just as the ultimate purpose of yoga is to reconnect you with your inner spark through the harmonizing
7 Things You Probably Didn't Know About Eggs. Chicken Age Matters When it comes to some measures of quality, the chicken comes before the egg. A study in Poultry Science
Five Secrets of Success. The sign of success is overwhelming joy, confidence, compassion, generosity, and a smile that none can snatch away. Whatever happens in life, if you can keep these, then you have really found success.
Three Questions About Considering Obesity as a Disease. The American Medical Association has declared obesity to be a disease. The hoped for result is to direct greater recognition and resources to this, the health problem involving the greatest number of Americans.
A Case for Oregon. While any healthcare system must obviously be tailored to the needs of the constituency it serves, to what degree can we allow such a system to compromise the rights of the singular agent?
Where Do People Live The Longest? - Weather.com. The city-state of Monaco is known for its amazing Mediterranean climate. With 300 days of sunshine a year, a low humidity
Over-Exercising or Simply Burned Out. Even if deep down you know it's time to take action to slow down, it will not be easy, it will require willpower and the discipline (yes discipline) to ease off, but it is crucial to long-term success and happiness.
How To Pick The Perfect Shoe For Any Workout (INFOGRAPHIC). Research by Laura Schwecherl This article was read and approved by Greatist experts Dan Trink and Jordan Syatt Get health
Don't Let Asthma Overshadow Your Summer. Research suggests that exposure to both allergens and viruses increase the likelihood of hospitalization. So what can patients with asthma do to proactively ensure that symptoms don't interfere with their summer activities?
Marion Nestle On Her History With Food Studies And The Future Of Food Politics. Nestle is also gearing up for the publication of Eat, Drink, Vote
Sibling Bullying Isn't the Problem. By fixating on all of these issues we're missing the opportunity to give kids the tools they need to handle these outside forces. We can't remove all of the things threatening kids, but we can help them understand how to cope.
The Workouts That Shape Hollywood. Take one look at the well muscled, well toned actors and actresses in your favorite flicks and it's easy to wonder how on
Summer Solstice Salute to the Sun. \u2022 Bless it. \u2022 Drink the tea. \u2022 The tea steeps in it until dusk. \u2022 Go about your business for the day. The seasonal ascendance
Cytomegalovirus, Common Virus Known As CMV, Linked With Alzheimer's Disease. In the new study, Schneider and her colleagues analyzed blood and cerebrospinal fluid (brain- and spinal-cord fluid) samples
Cause Of Obesity. Many people associate exercising with eating more, McFerran said. \Exercise can be a valid way to lose weight if you can
Nitrous Oxide Heart Attack. While the University of Washington study did not focus on heart surgery patients, there are risks associated with heart surgery
Whooping Cough Vaccine. Public health officials also want to raise the rate of Tdap vaccination in adults, which is currently very low. Only about
What's in Your Spiritual Toolbox?. In the practice of addressing our art materials for the sake of becoming more clear -- whether that means a deeper understanding of a question or a calling, or simply a time to un-wad the crinkles of a too-busy mind -- we can find illumination.
Thoughts on Uniquity and Sharing Yourself With the World. Show up as you are and share your truth with others. It will lead to deeper connections, more fulfilling relationships and experiences, and you'll find your passion and purpose in this world.
Would the Bloomberg Soda Ban Unfairly Target Poor People?. The interesting question a new study set out to answer focuses on the argument that the so-called soda ban isn't fair because it disproportionately affects low-income people.
Stress Management Upgrade 2.0. For more by Michael Gervais, Ph.D, click here. Close your eyes (eyes-open meditation comes later). For more on stress, click
Why Awareness Fuels High-Level Performance. To fuel our highest level performance we need a clear mind. If the mind is filled with fear, self-sabotaging beliefs, and self-doubt, we are impeded, a bit like driving a car with the brake on. Emotional turmoil clouds our view and we cannot perform well.
The Power and Beauty of Patience. We might resolve to respond to whatever arises with loving kindness, exploring what might be discovered. Enter life, in the raw and sweaty, and the test gets real darn fast.  Getting distracted from good intention can be tricky and takes a bit of doing in the reframing department.
Decreasing Post-Exertion Muscle Soreness. Muscle soreness following a vigorous workout is sometimes managed by stretching, practicing yoga, soaking in a hot bath and simply suffering through. But who wants to suffer?
What Is Belviq, the New Weight Loss Drug?. Belviq is a new weight loss drug that just became available by prescription this past week, one of only two new weight loss drugs approved by the FDA in the last 13 years.
Skipping Breakfast Linked With Acute Insulin Resistance In Overweight Women. Here's another reason to make sure you eat that morning meal. Skipping breakfast could temporarily induce insulin resistance
Feeling Guilty. No matter what happens to you, or your current emotions, always look inside -- to the variable nature of your thinking -- to explain your feelings.
Prescription Drugs. The study, published in the journal Mayo Clinic Proceedings, shows that seven out of 10 Americans take at least one prescription
Prevent Missed Doctor Visits. For people living with HIV, strict adherence to appointments and medication regimens is vital to managing their condition
Obese Teens Face Higher Risk Of Hearing Loss, Study Finds. The study included data from 1,488 people ages 12 to 19 who were part of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey
How Estrogen Fights Urinary Tract Infections. \These findings together provide an explanation for the clinical effect of estrogen supplementation after menopause to prevent
Tom Staniford, Paracycling Champion, Can't Store Fat Under Skin Because Of MDP Syndrome. \We had to look at 30 million base pairs in Tom's DNA, and similar numbers in his family members and the other patients, to
MERS Coronavirus Is Serious Risk In Hospitals, Experts Say. Nine infected patients in Saudi Arabia had received dialysis treatment at the same hospital, some at the same time. Eight
Mom's Mind May Be Gone, But Her Heart Still Wants What Her Heart Wants. Hanging in her bathroom was a navy blue vinyl windbreaker, size 2XL, which Mom had \borrowed\ from my stepdad years ago. Every morning and every afternoon the two of them would walk around the block, holding hands to steady themselves, wearing their identical navy windbreakers.
10 Sleep Mistakes You're Probably Making. Too many of us are guilty of a prime sleep mistake
What Does It Mean to Follow Your Dreams?. The funniest thing I heard someone say gave me a hard blow as a reflection of life was shattered into a million pieces before
The Healing Effect of Sharing 'Private' Women's Health Issues. We view certain subjects -- whether it's health, fertility, money or career -- as too intimate to discuss publicly, even with our friends. Yet, when we share our personal stories, we empower one another and promote change.
18 Ways To Stay Active With Your Dog This Summer (PHOTOS). We've learned that working out with a partner can make a sweat sesh fly by, but who says our workout buddy has to have opposable
The 4 Biggest Temptations To Replug During Your Digital Detox. This week, we're helping you prepare for a digital detox. But before you #unplug, it's best to prepare yourself for the questions
The 4-Minute Workout. Thanks to an ingratiating new study, we may finally be closer to answering that ever-popular question regarding our health
The Dark Side of Marketing Healthy Food to Children. The developmental vulnerabilities of children, along with the legal, ethical, and political pitfalls of encouraging the food industry to target kids, make marketing food to children harmful regardless of nutritional content.
GPS Guide. GPS Guides are our way of showing you what has relieved others' stress in the hopes that you will be able to identify solutions
From the Couch to CrossFit. By now you have seen them on TV, you've shopped next to them at the grocery store, and you may even be living with one. These people love WOD's, eat Paleo, and workout in a box. These individuals range from soccer moms to students to professional athletes. Who are these people?
Leslie Perlow. When I tell people they have to turn off, a lot of people say, \I don't want to. I don't know to, I'm a workaholic, I thrive
The Elephant in the Exam Room. We must develop a system that provides for a reimbursement model that allows a physician to make a decent living providing personalized preventive care to their patients.
Mindful Living. FOMO or \fear of mission out\ is pervasive in our culture. While checking out the new, it's important to recognize that you don't have to do every single thing. Listen to what calls you and put your energy there.
Increasing Red Meat Consumption Linked With Higher Diabetes Risk, Study Suggests. However, this study involved self-reported dietary information from the participants. And researchers cautioned that the
No Holding Pattern. Examine what holding patterns you may be settling for. Tell yourself the truth and examine the options. When two people are making skillful relationship choices, there is no limit to where things can go.
Hypo-Cancer-Chondria. Every bump and bruise, every ache, and every extra flutter of my heart (I get anxious fairly easily) seems to merit a text to my oncologist, who luckily always responds and calms me down. But am I right to over-worry about my health after under-worrying and getting such a scary diagnosis?
7 Superfoods for Summer. Eating a plant-centric diet rich in fruits and vegetables is considered the best way to reduce risk for chronic diseases, achieve and maintain a healthy weight and live a longer, healthier life. With juicy, sweet fruit in season, here are seven perfect picks that taste as great as they are for your health.
What Happened at the OMG 2013 Stupid Cancer Summit for Young Adults. Cancer can and does happen to adolescents and young adults. We are not an anomaly, we are not being punished for something we've done, we are not lazy. Unless we authentically show ourselves to those who do not understand young adult cancer, nothing will change.
Sneaky Ways To Eat More Greens. Smoothies To change up your morning routine, try mixing spinach or kale into those homemade fruit smoothies, says Ward. A
In The Crowded World Of Health And Fitness Tracking, Winners Are Slow To Emerge. Despite the best efforts of tracking companies like Fitbit \u2014 which after five years on the market is starting to shake the
How Do You Achieve Balance?. Only when I started to practice yoga and meditation by myself was I \ufb01rst introduced to the master, the true healer within me. I didn't \ufb01nd it in therapy sessions but in the silence within
GPS Guide. Downward facing dog pose is wonderful for relieving back pain, anxiety and stress. You can get into this position by placing
Work Stress. Gather a pen and piece of paper, and allot yourself exactly two minutes. During that time, make three columns on the paper
What A Sleeping Brain Hears. Earlier this year, a Kickstarter campaign for a documentary film called \In Pursuit of Silence\ raised $35,371, exceeding
Regrets and Your Health. When we let go of regrets we open up space within our being. This space then has the opportunity to bring creative endeavors into our lives. The present moment becomes realized as we release ourselves from the chains of the past.
Without Pause. This is the inspiring lesson of Beethoven's Opus 131
Simple Kindness. When we approach everything with kindness, it all gets a little easier to bear -- the good, the bad and ugly.
Facebook Boosts Organ Donation Registration, Study Finds. The findings, detailed in a study published in the American Journal of Transplantation, show that the number of organ donor
How Caffeine Can Cramp Creativity. Honor de Balzac is said to have consumed the equivalent of 50 cups of coffee a day at his peak. He did not drink coffee, though
Heading In Soccer Raises Concerns Of Brain Injury, Study Finds. Using a type of brain imaging, researchers were able to track the slightest changes in the white matter in the brains of
The Very Best Version of You. Sometimes in life we become someone we never imagined possible or that we never knew we were, even though we have always been that person from the very day we were created.
Navenna Shine, Seattle 'Breatharian,' Stops Bid To Live On Air, Water, Light. From the feedback I am getting it is becoming patently clear that most of the world is by no means ready to receive the information
The Moment I Knew. Most people will tell you that sobbing in your boss's office is not a great career move, but really, it depends on what your next career move is.
American Medical Association Votes To Recognize Obesity As A Disease. CHICAGO, June 18 (Reuters) - In order to fight what it described as an \obesity epidemic,\ the American Medical Association
Yoga for Promoting Patience. Press the backs of your outer legs down and lift from your chest to come back to the Upright Stage. Now straighten your
Cleaning Out My Closet. Why do some people hold onto things when others can't seem to let go fast enough?
Why and How I Became a Vegan. You ultimately must do what you feel is best for your body, your soul, your mind, your conscience. For me, veganism is an extension of my activism and life of public service helping others to be self-empowered and self-aware.
What the Hell is Going On in...My Sex Life?. During Neptune's transit it's easy to deceive yourself or be deceived by others. If you're in a committed relationship make
Volunteering Linked With Lower Risk Of High Blood Pressure. The study, published in the journal Psychology and Aging, included 1,164 adults between ages 51 and 91, who all had normal
Tragedy in a Community. When tragedy strikes it is our natural spirit to want to do something to manage our own feelings of helplessness and compassion. But perhaps in addition to what we do we need to focus on what we don't do as well.
Peace Quotes. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Meditation In Action. Fast Cooking (Lots To Do) 1. Begin from the very first moment you place the water on the heat, or pour the oil in the pan
Why Karma At Times Stings Us When We Help Another. Very often our powers of intuition are the last defense against taking an action that we end up regretting.
Fast Food 2020. Although these suggestions can never replace the benefits that come with cooking and eating at home, at least we can do something that can make eating healthier at fast food establishments easier for all consumers.
Daddy's Arms. Daddy I want to say thank you for being the best dad I know I made you happy and at times I made you sad. Daddy you are the
How Big Is Your Pet's Food Bowl?. There is a general tendency among many pet owners to buy oversized food bowls for their dog or cat. Since the correct amount of food looks like too little food when it's placed in a gargantuan bowl, many pet owners add more food to improve the \optics\ of the meal.
How Negative Emotions Can Improve Well-Being (VIDEO). The researchers followed a group of subjects through the early stages of psychotherapy to examine their emotional expression
Migraine Triggers. Approximately 12 percent of Americans experience migraines, according to the National Headache Foundation. But these aren't
Part III. Don't insist a student take a pose s/he doesn't want to do. Don't ask twice. Respect your students' body wisdom. Become unattached to that teacher/student hierarchy. Teach your students to trust themselves. That's how they'll make friends with their bodies. That's how they'll heal.
It's the Most Wonderful Time of the Year. For more from Maria Rodale, go to www.mariasfarmcountrykitchen.com I am definitely more determined to have fun and stop fighting
Whooping Cough. The poll surveyed a nationally representative sample of 2,182 adults in January of this year. The poll has a margin of error
Best Doctors In New York Discuss The State Of The Profession (VIDEO). In light of New York Magazine's recent report on the state of U.S. medical practitioners, we hear from the docs themselves
High-Fat, High-Sugar Diet May Raise Alzheimer's Risk. From this study, it's not clear whether changes in diet would eventually lead to less brain decay and better cognition, Dr
Blood Tests Could Detect Sexually Transmitted Oral Cancers From HPV. In a study in the Journal of Clinical Oncology, the researchers said their findings may in future lead to people being screened
Cancer Metastasis. The findings, published in the journal Nature Cell Biology, detail how neural crest cells, which are similar to cancer cells
Scientists Discover Stem Cells In Fat. Now, researchers have discovered a new type of stem cell, present in adults, that appears to have similar potential to its
The Moment I Knew. That terrifying incident influenced me to change my mindset and reevaluate my entire attitude. And this I can say with paramount confidence
Think Seriously About ADHD. While I understand people's disbelief in the reality of ADHD because of the recent explosion of diagnoses, which may well signal a tendency toward over-diagnosis, it is important to know the difference between states and traits and recognize that potential over-reporting does not negate the reality of the disorder as a whole.
Dietary Changes To Gut Bacteria Can Affect Brain Functioning, Study Suggests. \There are studies showing that what we eat can alter the composition and products of the gut flora -- in particular, that
Father's Day and Night. The kind of mindful motoring required by hybrid vehicles can teach us invaluable lessons about a more mindful way of moving through our days and into our nights. A way of moving that is conducive to healthier sleep.
Dad's Stress Could Affect Offspring Through Epigenetic Changes To Sperm, Mouse Study Shows. The field of epigenetics is still relatively new, but other research has also suggested parents can pass on epigenetic traits
Seeking Enlightenment? Take A Hike!. Being out in nature for four days also validated things I\u2019ve said in past column posts about the burden of technology, the
7 Ways Stress Affects Men's Health. Stress and anxiety could play a large role in male fertility, according to new research. Recent studies conducted in Italy
'The Biggest Loser' Contestant Michael Dorsey On How Fatherhood Inspired Him To Get Healthy. Breaking Point
5 Ways to Enjoy Your Summer Vacation. Vacations give us a much-needed break from work and responsibilities. They're a time to have fun, new adventures, rest and relaxation. In our fast-paced, over-scheduled and stress-filled lives, we often overlook the value of these benefits.
13 Reasons We Have Gratitude For Our Dads (PHOTOS). \He GETS me. And loves me anyway.\ -- Annete McClellan This Father's Day, we're taking a pause to toast to dear old dad -- the
The Best Health Advice From Dads. \Everything in moderation.\ -- Cathy Mills Vandergriff \Keep your mind active by doing things like playing scrabble and doing
Countries, Communities With Strong Social Ties Fare Better In Crisis, Study Finds. The idea of man as a social animal prescribes that humans derive pleasure and happiness from interacting with others. But
10 Reasons Why Every Athlete in the World Should Meditate. Meditation could be that extra edge that helps you win the game-winning point or helps you go the extra mile when you think you can't.  Why not incorporate it into your training regime? It just might make you a better athlete.
Sugary Breakfasts. It has been said that breakfast is the most important meal of the day, which is all the more reason to make sure you're eating
The Reason for Your Mistakes. Your perceived \mistakes\ may not be mistakes at all -- they're unlikely strokes of luck, catalysts for personal evolution, and pathways out of negative circumstances. And with time, you embrace the reality that, actually, there are no mistakes -- only blessings in disguise.
The Weekend Warrior Phenomenon. Before you tie up your sneakers, we need to have a little talk about this, because while exercise is crucial for good heart health and having active fun outdoors is certainly a good idea theoretically, it is fundamentally not in your best interest to go from zero to hero.
Asthma. The latest study comes an important step closer to establishing a causal link between the two conditions, by examining specifically the direction of the relationship between the two.
The Top 10 Workout Songs for June 2013. With summer approaching, the mood -- both on the radio and in the gym -- has changed.  While winter brought with it an eclectic bunch of workout tracks, this new batch is all about fun.
WATCH. There are numerous benefits to lightening up, for ourselves (both physically and emotionally), and for the world at large.  And lightening up doesn't mean you turn a blind eye to issues that need to be dealt with.
Do You Hate Your Job But Gotta Pay the Bills?. The act of taking one small action will help you feel like you're moving, because YOU ARE! Don't let the fact that you're working at a job you hate keep you from taking action. Make a list of little things you can do to move forward and start doing them every day!
Is Work Killing You? 5 Ways To Lower Your Stress. Do you bounce out of bed every morning bubbling with enthusiasm about going to work?\u00a0 Or do you groan your way to the office
Extreme Resiliency. To be resilient we have to be connected to that voice inside of us that says stop and notice what is in front of you and all around you that is good and beautiful and pure.
Overweight Patients Prefer Diet Advice From Overweight Doctors, Study Finds. With more than two-thirds of Americans now overweight or obese, finding the best way to help improve diet and exercise is
Making Sure Your Vacation Doesn't Suck. My vacation was mostly great, but I made one mistake. My hope is that I catch you before you leave for your vacations and help you design them, so you maximize relaxing and having fun with your loved ones. This is an important area of life.
Mastering the Moment. To find out more about the competitors' motivations, I went to the source
How Often Should You Exercise?. Q
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (June 14-20). Even momentarily concentrating on healthy solutions rewires psychological patterns to receive and share healthy sexual love in the present.  Here are three meditations with the themes of free love, love addiction, and pillow talk for you to ponder and practice this week.
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
How to Stay Sane in an Insane Weight World. I'm not suggesting that we should tune out all celebrity/model-related media. I think that what's important is that we learn to become critical consumers of the media and put the images that we see into what I like to call a \perspective filter.\
The Moment I Knew. I remember the look on the immunologist's face when he walked in the door to see me balancing my computer on my knee while frantically typing and holding the phone between my chin and shoulder.
Why Businesses Should Care How Well Their Employees Sleep. Employers need to talk to their employees about sleep -- and not just when they catch them snoozing on the job. Read more
Multitasking Is A Don't. By Amanda MacMillan We all do it
15-Minute Walk After Dinner Can Help Lower Blood Sugar In Older Adults, Study Finds. Study participants stayed for two days in a whole-room calorimeter (which can calculate a person's energy expenditure) where
Health Questions For Dad. Have You Ever Had Problems With Alcohol? Of course, the experts say, there are a great number of risks for substance abuse
Running. For more on fitness and exercise, click here. From infancy on, most of the hundreds of millions of shoeless people of the
Binge Drinking Hurts Sleep For Older Adults, Study Finds. The study, presented at the annual SLEEP 2013 conference, shows that frequent binge drinking -- defined as having four or
The Tragedy of the Betty Ford-Hazelden 'Alliance'. I do know that as major treatment centers start to move away from abstinence-based treatment, what I -- and many people I know and love -- received when we were desperate for help is in jeopardy.
Stretches All Desk Workers Should Do Today. 6. Whole Back/Spine And Hamstrings. De-stress your spine after it\u2019s been chair-bound all day. Lie on your back, feet on the
Kids in the Hood. Usually on feature films, the mandate to the still photographer is to photograph only the actors and key filmmakers, but
Breast Cancer and Prevention. There are a number of goals in this process. The first is to ensure that you have healthy estrogen ratios.  The second is that you give your body the tools it needs to process all your toxins appropriately and allow the two phases of your liver to do their best work keeping you healthy.
Stretches You Should Never Do Before a Workout. Consider the following static stretches you should avoid pre-workout and their dynamic counterparts that stretch some of the same muscles in a more effective manner.
The Moment I Knew. It's the illogical shame you feel when you take a few minutes to eat lunch instead of keeping vigil by your loved one's deathbed. It's the useless guilt you feel for making your friends feel awkward when you're sad.
What If You Treated Everyone Like They Might Die Tomorrow?. We talk about not \sweating the small stuff\ and \going with the flow,\ but how many of us really practice this in our lives? I don't know why any of us has to have a near death experience to chill the eff out -- it doesn't have to be that way, does it?
E-Cigarettes Gain Steam, But Health Experts Wary It Could Serve As 'Gateway' To Tobacco Smoking. \This could be the most effective method of smoking reduction that we have ever had,\ says Konstantinos Farsalinos of the
The Neuroscience Of Sleep. Neuroscientist Russell Foster opens a session of TEDGlobal all about... us, asking the question
Martha Stewart On Health, Aging Gracefully And How She De-Stresses. At 71, Martha Stewart is still going strong -- the goddess of all things home-made, home-cooked and home-decorated just came
Brain Scan Hints At Best Treatment for Depression. The researchers admitted that the findings are still preliminary, and said it\u2019s too early to recommend brain scans for patients
Medical Devices Need To Be Protected Against Cyber Threats. The risk of breaches has grown as devices have become increasingly interconnected, via the Internet, hospital networks, other
The Moment I Knew. I was heavier than ever and I lacked the energy to do something about it.  I couldn't sleep through the night and my hair was falling out in chunks.
Statins and Cancer. At present, it is impossible to prove that statins have any effect on the development or spread of cancer.  It may take decades for a carcinogenic effect to surface, and by then, a relationship may not be recognized, especially if statins have been discontinued.
Why a Cap on Sugary Drinks May Work. Obesity and diabetes are major public health problems in the city of New York as well as in other parts of the U.S., and limiting the sizes of sugar-sweetened drinks is certainly worth trying.
Sleep Apnea Screening Encouraged For People With Hypertension, Diabetes. The main recommended treatment for sleep apnea is continuous positive airway pressure, or CPAP, which works by blowing air
Need A Confidence Boost? 7 Reminders That You Are Beautiful. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Are You Busier Than the President? There's No Excuse for Not Exercising. Here are a few benefits of exercise that may convince you to make time for aerobic exercise, just as our president does.
Hey Women. We need to stop accepting the magazines stories that tell us to avoid bulking up at all costs, especially when that cost could be to our bone health.
DARE to Be 100. As we exercise the mitochondria of our muscles and many other body components heat up as the result of increased blood flow. The HOT MITOCHONDIA are the reason exercise is good and inactivity is bad for everything.
How to Eat (VIDEO). I cannot tell you (or anyone) how to eat, outside from suggesting the basics
Getting Enough Sleep Is Smart, Not Selfish. Far too often, we see sleep as an enemy, robbing us of time that could be spent getting things done. Truth is, getting a decent night's sleep not only makes you more productive -- for women, it can be a step toward a longer, healthier life.
How To Protect Your Hair During The Summer. Wear a hat \u2013- or something cuter. It's one of the best ways to protect your hair from the sun's rays. And if that baseball
If You Could Only Give One Piece Of Sleep Advice, What Would It Be?. What's the secret to a perfect night's sleep? If only it were that simple. While we know a number of sleep hygiene habits
Communicate In Color. Great communicators are fully conscious of their words, physical gestures, appearance and grooming. That's because they do not wish anything to act as a distraction from their communication style.
Use the Power of Suggestion to Move Ahead. We are exposed to so many thoughts, ideas, beliefs, influences. When we take charge of our experience and choose those that actually help us, those that actually empower, motivate, engage, enliven, and inspire us, good things are bound to happen.
What Social Media Reveals About Narcissism. While it is certain that online forms of communication and social networks do affect individual's mental health, the solution
Life Is Too Short. People often get stuck because of fear, guilt, or simply not knowing which way to go next. In order to achieve bigger goals, take smaller steps.
Why Forgiveness Is Not Important. Dissolve the meaning that seems to make forgiveness necessary and there will be nothing left to forgive.
Great Fitness Gifts for Father's Day. Whether your dad is looking to intensify his current workout routine or if he just wants to get started down the path to better health, our top five list helps you compare the top devices and find the perfect fit.
How Criticism Can Change Your Life. Every challenge in our lives presents us with a choice point, an opportunity to make the most suitable decision possible for our highest good. We can choose to react, which creates war or we can choose conscious action, which creates peace.
Most Childhood Cancer Survivors Have Chronic Health Problems In Adulthood. The study will be published tomorrow (June 12) in the Journal of the American Medical Association. Nearly all childhood cancer
The Sun After Skin Cancer. Michelle Obama's Best-Dressed Moments See the slideshow at Vogue.com for our favorite summer sun-care products. See more
Getting Naps Ahead Of The Competition. People in every age think they're living in a time of transition (I'm sure Adam turned to Eve and said, \Darling, I think
The 'Gift' of Cancer?. Part of me knew it was coming and part of me thought I was crazy to even think I could have such a disease at 25. I'll never forget sitting in that room alone and wondering if I would make it to my 26th birthday. It's funny how your attitude about life can change when you realize yours could be taken away.
AIDS Drugs Halve HIV Risk For Intravenous Drug Users, Study Shows. \We now know that PrEP can work for all populations at increased risk for HIV,\ Mermin said in a statement. \This is a significant
The U.S. and France. We need to be educated properly so that we can ensure that our loved ones and we ourselves are cared for in the manner we want. We need to have choices in how we and those we care for are treated, particularly as we near the end of our life.
Effective Care. Though it may seem like a superfluous appointment in your day, think of the time spent with your doctor as a roadmap to maintaining a healthy lifestyle and increasing longevity. If a once-per-year visit with your doctor can unlock valuable information that will help you make positive changes, what are you waiting for?
We Tried It. Thirty seconds of triceps dips on a chair (the seventh exercise out of 12) would have been more aptly named triceps dips to exhaustion, and I think I just barely cranked out six reps of move number 11, pushups with rotation.
GPS Guide. Rachel Gohre born in Vallejo, CA and grew up enjoying the culture and diversity of the Bay Area. One of her favorite places
Mindfulness and the Monkey Mind. This non-focused flickering is an intentional tool of the ego used to perpetuate confusion, attachments to duality and a resulting state of suffering.
Good Vibrations. I love gadgets and sleep gadgets are my favorite. The application of invention to something as basic as sleep and rest is fascinating to me. As individuals work towards developing devices to monitor and improve sleep, there are a wealth of products coming and going from the market.
Runners. As a track coach once said to me, \Just because they can run, it doesn't mean they know how to run. You wouldn't golf without lessons. You wouldn't play tennis without lessons. What makes you think you can run without lessons?\  It couldn't have been better stated.
Sexual Prime. Although it appears that we may be more physically primed for sexual pleasures when young, there is great scope for a sexual renaissance. Sexual prime, then, is the result of \sexiness.\ And that, can peak at any age.
How Did a Hepatitis Virus Get Into Organic Berries?. The latest example of how even health-conscious eaters are not immune from food-borne illness outbreaks came last week with a recall of organic frozen berries contaminated with Hepatitis A. The products were sold under the brand name of Townsend Farms at two large chains.
Why Setting Goals Doesn't Work (And How to Start Moving Forward With Ease!). Go through the steps above and get clear on your priority areas, priority goals and what you plan to do to start moving forward in the next month. Share your goals below if you'd like support on whether or not they're too much or if you just want some public accountability.
Why It Pays to Be the One Who Loves More. While it may sometimes feel like we have to outsmart our feelings so as not to get hurt, when it comes to our relationships, we are far better off being vulnerable, making a practice of being the one who loves more.
Talking About Your Cancer Experience. I found that being open allows people to really rise to the occasion when they know you're going through a hard time and aren't the superwoman/superman that you usually are. Your ability to be vulnerable and honest allows other people to feel free to be open as well.
Asking 'Why Me?' in a Different Way. When I was first diagnosed with cancer I was never angry with God nor did I ever ask \why me?\ However during my three-year battle with cancer and with the world of cancer I have come to ask \why me?\ -- just in a different way.
4 Ways to Ensure Better Sleep. When it comes to creating an arsenal of stress-reducing tools, it doesn't matter how much yoga you do or how much herbal tea you drink -- your efforts aren't worth much without a solid night's sleep.
3 Insidious Mistakes That Will Mess Up Your Life. 2. Not seeking professional relationship advice You're not alone. Most of us have learned our biggest lesson the hard way
Your Thoughts. Never forget
How Diet Can Bug Your Gut. The purpose of the study was to evaluate the potential relation between diet, microbiome and colorectal cancer risk. To explore this disparity, we switched the diet in healthy subjects from a traditional high fat, high meat, low fiber Western diet to a high fiber Zulu African diet, and vice versa.
10 Strange-Looking Foods You've Probably Never Tasted -- And Why You Should. An apple a day keeps the doctor away -- and it also makes for a pretty boring fruit routine. Why not shake things up and
Brain Blood Clot. Ted Dwane, bassist for the musical group Mumford & Sons, has a blood clot on the surface of his brain, which requires him
Kindness Is a Choice. How we treat others should be a choice that reflects our character -- not a reaction to other people's character. So, I choose to be kind because my kindness will define me. Not my parents. Not my relationships. Not my sexuality. Not my work. But my kindness.
Yoga for People Who Hate Yoga. Doing yoga with Francisco Kaiut is doing yoga from the inside out. In fact, to say the word \doing\ is already too active, too aggressive, as it's more of an un-doing.
When You 'Don't Have Time' -- Tips to Reach Your Health and Wellness Goals. Refuse to put your mental, emotional and physical health last from here on out. After all, how can you be completely happy in any area of your life when you're not feeling robust, healthy and fully alive?
Cancer Turned Me Into a Hypochondriac. Last week I noticed a black speck on my arm. Yep, definitely cancer. Later, I noticed the spot was gone. Why do I torture myself like this? I suppose my medical history has taught me that my hunches are usually correct, but lately I seemed to be going crazier than usual.
The Moment I Knew. What I found so fascinating about my own experience coping with extreme stress was that I had to heal both mind and body -- through yoga, meditation, and dietary changes.
7 Characteristics Associated With Long Life (And How to Cultivate Them). As much as we focus on food and fitness as the \physical\ arbiters of health and longevity, there appears to be much more to it. In fact, most research fails to find any grand commonalities in the diet and fitness patterns of the longest lived.
Having Trouble Reducing Anxiety? Play!. You might strive to achieve a certain level of success in your chosen leisure activity, but the joy is truly in the doing and not in the outcome. This level of engagement is what makes it rejuvenating to your mind, body, and spirit.
Daphne Oz Talks Weight Loss At The Third Metric Women's Conference (VIDEO). That was when she decided to embark on a journey to make health information more practical for the average dieter -- with
Lack of Sleep and Stress -- a Vicious Cycle You Can Escape. When you sleep better, life's difficulties will seem a little less stressful than they otherwise would. Thus, you can use sleep to help manage stress.
Does Yoga Count As Exercise?. Move over bench press, barbells and bicycles, and make way for the yoga mats. These days, almost everybody is doin' downward
Tips to a Perfect (and Healthy) Father's Day. Whether your dad's ideal day involves 18 holes on the green or a BBQ in the backyard, there is no reason why he should not keep up his healthy routine -- or -- maybe it's the perfect day to start one.
DSM-5. By
Renewable Energy at 4 p.m.. Restoring serotonin activity does not require drugs, herbs or supplements. It requires only eating certain foods that, after they are digested, allow tryptophan to get into the brain.
Erectile Dysfunction May Affect 1 In 4 Men Under 40 Seeking Treatment, Study Suggests. According to the Cleveland Clinic, as many as 52 percent of men experience erectile dysfunction, with it affecting 40 percent
Letting Stress Win. Moving to Denmark is the best thing I ever did. Not because I loved everything about it, or because it made me a less anxious person, or because I assimilated into it like a mermaid to a fairy tale. I didn't.
The ABCs of Obesity in Menopause. After taking care of over 10,000 patients, one of the commonest questions I'm asked by menopausal women is how to best control their weight. I think the answer depends on the person and the reason that the person is overweight.
A Good Minute. We sometimes approach spiritual practice with a sense -- conscious or otherwise -- that it will allow us to transcend our lives. Perhaps we hope that by becoming awakened we will have the power to become detached from our experiences of pain, grief, or heartbreak.
Challenge 2013. As the work-life balance debate roars on with employees wondering whether to lean-in or lean-out these days, perception is
Mariel Hemingway on Finding Harmony, Balance and Herself. I've always admired Mariel Hemingway for her acting on the big screen. But she is also an accomplished author and expert on all things health and well-being.
What's Really In Those Squeezable Yogurt Tubes For Kids? (INFOGRAPHIC). While we can all applaud a parent's effort to provide youngsters with a protein-rich breakfast or snack, these travel-ready
China Health. Specifically, China had the fewest years in 2010 lost to disability of any other country in the G-20, which is comprised
Great Expectations = Great Disappointments. There are two sides to expectations. We have to manage our own expectations and we have to be aware of others' expectations of us. Disappointment is a two-way street.
Proper Hand-Washing. The study included 3,749 people who used public restrooms in bars, restaurants and other locations, who were watched by a
What 20 Minutes Of Yoga Does For Your Brain. Researchers found that people did better -- both speed-wise and accuracy-wise -- on brain functioning tests after just 20
Third Metric Panelists Discuss The Myth Of Multitasking (VIDEO). So what about those times we swear we're crossing things off the to-do list in record time? \You're just not doing anything
Valerie Jarrett On Obama's Secret To Finding Fulfillment (VIDEO). Watch the video clip above, and head over to our Third Metric page for more inspiration from the conference. In addition
Designated Drivers. \That's the insidious nature of alcohol -- when you feel buzzed, you're drunk,\ Barry said in the statement. Researchers
You're Not That Important! Letting Go of Self-Consciousness. Self-consciousness can prevent people from being who they are, expressing what they are feeling, doing what they want to do, and all because they are afraid of what other people will think or say about them.
Investing The Downward Dog Way? Adviser Suggests Deep Breaths. When the Dow Jones Industrial Average hit a new record this past March, Brent Kessel awoke at 3:30 a.m. But the financial
Vegetable Fats Could Help Prostate Cancer Patients Live Longer. However, the study only found an association and cannot prove a cause-and-effect link between vegetable fat consumption and
Meditation In Action. Step 5
Tony Schwartz Talks 'Fierce Intentionality' At Third Metric Conference (VIDEO). \That means that when you're working, you're really working; and when you're renewing and refueling, you're really renewing
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Newlyweds Need Not Have an Intimidating Kitchen. Exhilaration and excitement comes with wedding preparations, the wedding and then the honeymoon! However, newlyweds often have a reality adjustment once all the bags are unpacked. Nothing is more intimidating than preparing a home-cooked meal.
How Not To Be Alone. A couple of weeks ago, I saw a stranger crying in public. I was in Brooklyn's Fort Greene neighborhood, waiting to meet a
Ira Israel. Anyone today who is actively trying to become a Yogalebrity may as well try to become the next Tom Cruise or Julia Roberts. (Ironically, many of them have.) The wave has come and gone. The Yoga Bubble is bursting.
The Science of Surrender. Ashley For more by Ashley Turner, click here. There are certain issues that reveal my wavering doubt and occasional lack
How to Tell the Truth in 7 Not-So-Easy Steps. 2. Ask a question. It could be something small like, \Did you really enjoy that?\ or something big like, \What makes you
Are You Jealous? Is Your Partner Jealous?. People who reject and abandon themselves often feel jealous. People who love and value themselves do not feel jealous. They are not threatened by others, because they know their own intrinsic worth.
BRCA Testing Vastly Underused, Researchers Say. \Given that such testing can provide many options to enable individuals to manage their cancer risk, it is vital to encourage
The Moment I Knew. I'm choking back tears, searching for words. I'm actually speechless. Impulsively, I blurt this out, \What do you mean?\
Do You Have an Unconditional Love?. The benefits of comprehending what an unconditional love means and implementing it in our everyday life seems to be significant, not only to us but also to whomever and whatever we interact with. So let's start the process and see it for yourself.
Weekly Rune. Because if we can't find our connection with All Things in our own backyard, we never really had it to begin with... Othala
Women And Stress. Our current definition of success has created a culture of stress and burnout -- and it's hurting not only our health, but
Are We Fatter Than We Think We Are?. Over the past year, we asked more than 130,000 Americans a simple question -- \Do you consider yourself to be overweight?\ -- with a super-simple yes/no response set. We then queried thousands of other respondent attributes in our database and flagged some of the more fascinating and quirky cross tabs.
Why Consequences Work. Consequences actually force your brain to look for ways to solve your problems and keep your promises with the energy it would normally use to justify flaking. You will be amazed at how effective and creative you become with the right promises and consequences.
Dr. Donna Rockwell Talks About Celebrities And Narcissism At The Third Metric Women's Conference. When you think of narcissists, celebrities may be the first to come to mind -- but according to Dr. Donna Rockwell, it might
Reboot Your Life in 21 Days. Rebooting your life is a gift to yourself. It reconnects you with your spirit, the wisdom and joy that lives in you and the truths that ground your choices. It is a personal anti-virus program for you to be free of what distracts, disorients and keeps you from your best and highest good.
Double-parked School Buses, Acceptance and Me. Since my cancer experience, I've started practicing mindfulness, awareness and acceptance. But, they don't call it a practice for nothing, and I still can't conjure up serenity at the drop of a hat.
You Are What You Eat. This just in, fat may not be the culprit in the red meat-heart disease equation. Recent evidence suggests that the troublemaker is L-carnitine, an amino acid (protein building block)  found in meat and a commonly-used health supplement.
How to Handle Negative People. In this video, I share Dr. Christiane Northrup's tip and offer you the opportunity to test drive this exercise in your own relationships.
Tai Chi, Surfing, and the Philosophy of Water. Tai chi, it turns out, is a simply effective program to take a surfer's skills to the next level. What a marvelous, beautiful, contemporary, functional, useful, and aesthetically pleasing use of a martial art that more people are finding to be the perfect exercise.
Tired But Can't Fall Asleep? Good Sleep Hygiene Helps. By following these five steps, you can improve your sleep hygiene. This will make it easier to fall asleep and stay asleep, cutting down the number of hours you lay in bed frustrated about sleep difficulties.
Chronic Stress Lowers Running Activity In Mice, Study Finds. Past research shows that stress also seems to elicit depression-related symptoms in mice, TIME reported, as well as stop
The Third Metric for Success. Once I thought about how nice it would be to live in a world where our healthcare, corporations, schools and the general culture were more mindful, it ceased to matter to me whether this came about with or without meditation or some combination of the two.
Gluten-Free Breakfast. Behind the scenes during the shoot (Damon Dahlen/The Huffington Post) And because all the ingredients are pre-loaded into
5 Healthy Whole Grains To Add To Your Diet. Whole grains took center stage a few years ago when the government recommended that Americans fill half of their plates with
3 Ways Mindfulness Can Help the Parents of Children With Special Needs. When my daughter is having a frustrated moment, it allows me the bandwidth to step out of my own frustration, to calm it, and to be with her in a connected, balanced way. Basically, it helps me to not get caught up in the drama and to focus on that strong part within myself.
Happiness And Money. This is cause for concern. People have already been pondering the meaning of happiness for millennia; aggressive marketing
5 Things to Make a Better Day. Each of these five things can help you shift your daily experience in small but profound ways, as they have mine. This spiritual salve will help you gain insight, peace, and clarity, and make it easier for you to deal with the next moment in a healthy way.
Katie Couric Advocates A 'More Holistic' Approach To Life At Third Metric Conference (VIDEO). Katie Couric, award-winning journalist, TV host and author, knows a thing or two about success -- and also about stress. The
6 Tips For Better Sleep This Summer. With the start of summer, the opportunity to shift some focus from work routines to enjoying leisurely activities is officially
Everyday Foods That Can Make You Sick. An organic frozen organic berry mix from Oregon-based Townsend Farms has sickened 30 people, spurring an investigating from
Women With Heart Disease May Face Inflammation Risks From Bad Sleep -- But Not Men, Study Finds. The study included nearly 700 people with stable coronary heart disease with an average age of 66 for men and 64 for women
How To Talk To A Boss About A Bad Week. So, you had an \u201coff\u201d week. Sure, maybe you didn\u2019t make any completely devastating mistakes (like leaving the office door
The Resistance Band Cardio Workout. More from Shape.com
Meditation Beats Anxiety By Activating Certain Brain Regions, Study Finds. \These findings provide evidence that mindfulness meditation attenuates anxiety through mechanisms involved in the regulation
Fearless Living. Smile At Strangers Schorn got her book's title from realizing how empowering it can be to make connections with others. \There
6 Weekend Health Mistakes To Avoid. Many of us spend the entire workweek looking forward to the weekend, but when Saturday and Sunday actually roll around, we're
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (June 7-13). Certain people seem to be hopped up in this constant state, always with something to long for on the horizon -- the next purchase, the next party, the next partner. Life eternally poised in possibility. What a way to feel alive, without actually doing any living.
George Stephanopoulos Talks Benefits Of Meditation At The Third Metric Women's Conference. Since the day about two years ago that he truly committed to the practice, George Stephanopoulos, anchor of Good Morning
What Mental Health Looks Like for an Uninsured. It was three weeks or more before I called. Each day I would wake up and think, \It's too late to call -- they're probably booked already -- I'll call tomorrow.\ During finals week I finally got an appointment for the first counseling session.
Dr. Dean Ornish Talks Stress And Reversing Disease At The Third Metric Women's Conference. Everyone is stressed -- but the difference in how that stress affects our health hinges on how we handle it, said Dr. Dean
1 In 5 People Infected With Listeria Die, Report Says. Food Safety News points out that President Obama's budget for 2014 includes a $40 million investment for the CDC's Advanced
How to Usher in Your Dreams. Are you expecting your job to be stressful? No free time? Your partner to disappoint you? Your health to decline? Murphy's Law to win? Well when you look at it that way, your wishes are the universe's command.
Navenna Shine, Seattle Resident, Attempts To Be A 'Breatharian,' Live Exclusively On Light, Air, Water. Eating is generally a good idea. Not only does it satisfy fundamental needs, but it can often be quite delicious, too. Nevertheless
Health Sucks. We could manage our weight and our health with at least as great and reliable a ROI as we can get by managing our money. We could eliminate 80 percent of our lifetime risk of chronic disease. The grim landscape of modern epidemiology is not for want of knowing -- it's for want of doing.
Be Fearless. So many of my patients, prior to seeing me, have a hard time getting started with projects and getting things done. They do everything but what they need to be doing.
'Pub Loo Shocker,' British Anti-Drunk Driving PSA, Is So Terrifying It Might Just Save Lives (VIDEO). A viral British anti-drunk driving campaign video is receiving a lot of attention this week for a sobering strategy that
Confessions of a Recovering Perfectionist. Perfectionism is a way of closing off and controlling things. It may look pretty on the outside but in reality it's cold, isolated and dark. It's the cracks that let the light in, anyway.  So, go on and ease up a bit.  Let some light in and shine on!
The Power of Having a Vision for Your Life. Do you have a vision for your life and, if so, how big is it? Can you see yourself living that life now, even if the outer manifestation of it isn't yet visible? While many say you have to see it to believe it, others are saying, you have to believe it to see it. Which are you?
Wanting to Develop Bodhicitta. In order to develop aspiring Bodhicitta, we must begin by developing the desire to develop this mind. This is a stage of the pre-Bodhisattva path that presupposes the attainment of renunciation.
Culturally Sensitive Providers Will Help Bring Mental Illness Out of Shadows. It is certainly good to see that the conversation about access to mental health services and removing the stigma of mental illness have moved out of the shadows and are now at the forefront of discussions within the White House and across the nation.
Broken Dreams. Listening to the inner alarm takes deep courage, especially when we are in love with a dream and when that dream involves other people or a living creature. Broken dreams hurt -- even when they don't fit into the life we envision for ourselves.
Soy Sauce Overdose Sends Man Into Coma. By
Colorado Governor Signs Bill Regulating Naturopathic Doctors. Americans deserve the right to choose the kind of doctor they want to see, and many would like the opportunity to work with a naturopathic doctor side by side with other state of the art medical care providers.
The Moment I Knew. I asked myself, \But who will feed my baby when I die?\ I was still breastfeeding her.
Dr. Mark Hyman Talks Stress And Creating A Culture Of Wellness At The Third Metric Women's Conference. \If you really knew what was happening to you when you are stressed, you would freak out. It's not pretty,\ said Dr. Mark
New Rules and Research Mark a Coming of Age for Workplace Health. For CEOs this presents an opportunity to re-examine and elevate the standards for workplace programs, choosing the ones based on science-based evidence of measurable impact.
Tony Schwartz Talks Renewal At The Third Metric Women's Conference. \For 200 years we've lived by an ethic that more, bigger, faster is better,\ said Tony Schwartz, founder and CEO of The Energy
Trying to Be 'Positive' Doesn't Work. Unfortunately, pretending that you don't feel what you actually feel doesn't make the feelings go away. Yes, you can suppress them so that you aren't fully in touch with them for a short time.  But feelings that you are not in touch with still affect your health and your behavior.
What's New From the White House Conference on Mental Health. On Monday, President Obama opened the second White House Conference on Mental Health with a meaningful plea to end the stigma surrounding mental illness and bring these issues out of the shadows.
Willie. Willie nods his head and then says
Jo Robinson, 'Eating On The Wild Side' Author Busts Conventional Wisdom On Vegetables. Are fruits and veggies healthy? \It depends on which ones you choose,\ says Robinson, who spent ten years researching the
Running. Shoe companies and health care providers have traditionally put forth that various levels of biomechanical shortcomings are the root cause of our locomotive problems. We are inherently flawed, and only cleverly-designed footwear is the solution.
HuffPost Nap Rooms. HuffPost is famous for its two nap rooms -- dubbed \Napquest 1\ and \Napquest 2\ -- which allow employees to take a few minutes
Arianna, Mika Brzezinski Discuss 'The Third Metric' Conference (VIDEO). The summit, hosted by The Huffington Post, will include a day of discussions led by Arianna and Mika Brzezinski. \There is
Recipe for a Great Summer. Nowadays, as times have changed, everyone is constantly on the go; with sports, camps, meetings, commitments, commitments
How Twitter Can Help You Achieve Your Weight-Loss Goals. Such confessional Tweeting may help dieters stay honest. Or at least keep their fingers occupied and out of the cookie jar
The Moment I Knew. I can clearly see how stress and fear have accompanied me since I moved from Saudi to the American University in Cairo to pursue my ambition in broadcast media, and to become the independent girl I always wanted to be.
GMO Wheat. 9 Snack Foods
Real Support in a Virtual World. We all know that Facebook reunites friends who haven't seen each other for years. But what some may not realize is, that it has literally changed the face of illness, death and grief, and offers a new kind of real support in a virtual world.
Third Metric. Candice Bergen discusses how her role as Murphy Brown was essential in paving the way for working moms. Read more on The
New Multiple Sclerosis Treatment 'Tricks' Immune System. The other reason to intervene early is that the treatment cannot not repair myelin damage that has already occurred. \Myelin
In Vienna, Meditating on Lemon Meringue. After the final bite, I was aware of having fully enjoyed the experience of that lemon meringue pie.  And then I realized that being fully in an experience facilitates letting the experience pass into the realm of memory without nostalgia or regret, or planning for \just one more.\
Atrial Fibrillation Could Spell Early Dementia, Study Finds. In people with atrial fibrillation, misfiring electrical signals cause an atypical heartbeat. The Centers for Disease Control
Success, Redefined With Katie Couric. Katie Couric is a journalist, author, TV personality, and single mom of two daughters, as well as host of the daytime talk
Picking The Right Mattress For You. When it comes to getting a good night's sleep, your bed can make a big difference. That's why it's important to understand
4 Simple Stretches to Keep Your Dog Moving. Natural therapies like stretching, chiropractic, and regular physical activity are very important to maintaining your dog's comfort, mobility and quality of life. Providing daily walks followed by a short session of gentle stretching can do wonders for your pet both physically and mentally.
Neighborhood Food Options Could Influence Obesity Risk. Researchers from the Drexel University School of Public Health found that people with healthy food options within a mile
The Alphabet of Happiness. Today let's look at Giving, Grace, and sharing your unique Gift.
When a Spiritual Lesson Cancels All of Your Plans. What I uncovered was this total belief that I had to be highly active in order to be okay with what I was doing in the world.  That if I didn't wake up slightly stressed by all the meetings and deadlines I had on my plate for the day, I wasn't doing enough to make a difference.
Narrowly-Divided FDA Panel Votes To Modify Avandia Restrictions. WASHINGTON, June 6 (Reuters) - A narrowly divided U.S. Food and Drug Administration panel of outside experts on Thursday
Third Metric Live Blog. Hosted by Arianna and Mika Brzezinski, co-host of MSNBC's \Morning Joe,\ the day will feature conversations with influencers
The Moment I Knew. Every event was analyzed for impending trigger sounds. My social life was practically nonexistent, as even going to the movies became one of the most improbably stressful situations.
Traveling With Emotional Baggage. \I'm away from my family three nights a week for work. I understand the travel is necessary yet I can tell my wife feels stressed when left alone with our two young kids. How can I make things better?\
Motivational Penguin Will Support All Of Your Hopes And Dreams (GIF). Feel like nobody\u2019s on your side today? Enter Motivational Penguin, the cutest bird around. Enjoy this little guy -- you'll
FDA Panel Revisits Avandia, But Likely Too Late For Diabetes Drug. \They got it right for what they were allowed to say,\ said Marciniak. Some Record documents were redacted, he said, and
The Moment I Knew. The moment I knew stress was taking over my life, I was present to the fact that I had been responding to years of scarcity and desperation instead of my own health and wellness.
Juice Cleanses - Facts, Tips About Cleansing, Fasting. There's little doubt that juice cleansing is popular among its growing number of adherents. But, can cleanses truly work
Breathing Right Down to Our Bones. A medical study in The American Journal of Physiology suggests that the oxygen supply to our bones directly affects bone
The First 100 Hours. The reason I like the notion of the 10,000 hours is that while it can appear daunting, it actually lowers the barrier to entry for most people.
I Lost Weight. I was a single mom to my son Deon when I met Marc in 2002. He didn't seem to mind my weight; he loved me for who I am, not
5 Important Facts About Kidney Cancer. When used to treat small kidney tumors, radical nephrectomy has been shown to increase the risk of developing chronic kidney disease and cardiovascular complications, while partial nephrectomy has less risk of progressive kidney disease and has equal cancer-free survival.
Creative Ways To Enjoy Summer Fruit. Out Of The Box
Research Shows Billions Are Affected by Oral Health Conditions. In all areas throughout the world, there is an urgent need for community knowledge and response to oral health conditions, as many of these factors affect an individual's overall health.
Healthy Behaviors Linked With Fewer Memory Problems. \We found that the more healthy lifestyle behaviors were practiced, the less likely one was to complain about memory issues
Gretchen Rubin and the Power of Happiness. She has started a happiness movement as an ongoing narrative that extends to us and embraces us. This is the most moving aspect of her work. She creates a dialogue with her fans, followers and friends.
Dare to Be 100. My profession needs to change focus to health and prevention, to system and process. Medicine has a lack of appreciation of the second law and its emphasis on the effect of energy flow on matter. its conceptual framework is shallow. It is dysfunctional. It is illiterate.
Infographic Ruins Our Favorite Childhood Foods by Linking them to Cancer. Peep the infographic below (click for larger view)
8 Sunscreen Mistakes You're Probably Making. When it comes to sunscreen, less is not more. But in the real world many of us don't use enough, which means the white stuff
For Some Women With Breast Cancer, a Long Time on Tamoxifen. My concern may seem technical, or trivial, but it is neither
'I'll Take Two, Please'. When we sit with a large cup of wanting, it takes a lot to feel filled up. It can make it harder to experience gratitude for what we have when it's being measured as less than what we're hoping for.
How to Transform Your Life When You're Short on Time. It's easy to think that change is not possible without lots of time and money, but that's just an excuse to stick with the status quo. With just a little effort and creativity, it is possible to transform your life in only minutes a day. What are you waiting for?
What Are They Fighting For? Could It Be Freedom From Lies and Bullsh*t?. It is comepletely evident to me and I am certain to many of you that even if these protestors cannot name it, they are responding at a gut level to injustice. To oppression. And simply want freedom from antiquated structures of thought and power that are killing our world.
Are You Just Fighting or Engaging in 'Conscious Combat'?. It's not just the exposure of our partner's imperfections that we need all that patience to accept and live with, it's the exposure of our own imperfect aspects that get illuminated in reaction to them that leave us shame-faced and embarrassed.
Health Coaching Hits Close to Home. My days of being \the baby\ of the family are long gone now, and I have felt a burning desire inside to fully step up and into my own soul and let the gifts I have be of service to my own family.
Awakening in Silence. In silence we can concentrate, spend time in the availability of our heart, and be in reservoirs of light. Even our dreams at night can point to this light.
From Cancer to Cannes. Cancer and death are scary things. For parents who have lived through it, cancer is our boogeyman lurking in the shadows of our thoughts.  I hope that I will summon your courage, for myself and my daughter.
Sleep Less, Weigh More. The challenge of maintaining a healthy weight is a daily endeavor, made up of many small choices that over time have a powerful cumulative effect. A routine of sufficient nightly sleep can aid in this, helping your body and mind work at their best every day for weight control and overall health.
Spirituality Is a Key Element of Mental Health. Everyone wants a piece of the future when it comes to health care. If only we could all peer ahead and find the golden key to better outcomes, cost cutting, and patient-focused care. What is this \golden key\? The power of a patient's spirituality and belief in God.
The Happy Indignity of Cancer Survival. It happens every  year, like clockwork.  I get the call, I mope about it, I go in, I put on the gown, I lay on the table. Every year, for the rest of my life, I have to subject myself to one of the most humbling experiences you can possibly imagine
How I Overcame Depression and Became the Happy Nomad. Cars and planes are amazing feats of ingenuity, but both require maintenance and sometimes break, then requiring repair. For me, that is depression -- the mind breaking in some way (or getting sick) and requiring repair. There is no shame in that.
Surprising Health Uses For Everyday Foods. By Sarah Richards If all you do is eat it, the food in your fridge and pantry isn't living up to its full potential. The
Memory Problems After Cancer? Computer Games May Help. If you've been through cancer treatment and you are struggling with memory or concentration issues, you may be hoping for that doorway back to your pre-cancer self. One area researchers are investigating to whisk you there is cognitive (re)training with specially-designed software.
5 Tips for Going Vegan. These tips are for everyone who has ever wondered how vegans stay vegan, for everyone who has ever considered going vegan and for everyone who thinks vegans are crazy hippie people and are just reading this blog to write a snarky remark in the comment section.
Staying Alive With Hands-Only CPR. Hey, It's CPR awareness week!  And, what better time to get an update on the new guidelines to help everyone stay alive. I love these new videos and guidelines that can help everyone learn how to save a life. It makes learning CPR easy and memorable.
Weekly Rune. With Raidho, we begin to understand how our choices affect all things, and how our ability to gently hold focus while changing coordinates on the fly informs the story we tell of ourselves, of our lives.
Hit and Run. Pain is relative and suffering is optional.  Do not choose to suffer through anything in silence.  Who knows, you could be the driving force responsible for assisting a person in completely recovering or even avoiding their next personal crisis.
A Tai Chi Master Sheds Light on Couples Therapy. When you are attached you can only see one angle and you believe you are seeing the whole thing. When you detach from the problem you can become grounded and can see all the angles effortlessly, no longer distorted by your fragmentary point of view.
Pema and Me and the Essence of Life. This morning the chapter I was reading is called \Nonagression and the Four Maras.\ It talks about the night in which Buddha was to attain enlightenment and he sat under a tree.
Take A Break. At Google, goofing off is the way to go. In fact, it\u2019s encouraged. Engineers at the tech powerhouse\u2019s Mountain View, Calif
The 3 Keys to a Healthy Brain. 1
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
How To Survive and Thrive Through Life's Big Changes. How do you deal with each change is going to determine whether it will spur you on to happiness, greater accomplishments, and peace -- eustress, or reduce you to frustration, lowered productivity and regret -- distress.
What Buddha Might Say to Bill Gates. Wise spiritual teachers from all traditions have taught how the path of service is the most important of all, as it means we are less self-obsessed; through caring for others we can step out of indulgence and into big-heartedness, releasing any sense of separateness.
What Is Forgiveness?. I could put my energy into anger and resentment, or focus on loving myself and enjoying my life. How I came to choose the latter is explained in this video.
Take the Step. Greater public awareness of PTSD can help reduce the stigma of this mental health problem and overcome the negative stereotypes that keep many people from pursuing treatment.
As It Turns Out, No One Cares About Your GPA. I couldn't understand how all my hard work, my agony over every little detail, my drive for constant approval hadn't been enough for those admissions officers.
Autism Finds Space In The Workplace. Yet autism campaigners, and the firms seeking to recruit people on the spectrum, know there will be problems, too. Povey
The Grossest Things Lurking In The Gym. The poll encouraged respondents to be descriptive, and here are some of the sights (not to mention the smells) that were
Heavy Lifting for Women. Hate to break it to you, but training on the cardio machines will not give you sculpted muscles all over your body! The only way to get those toned arms and tight thighs is to do a little heavy lifting.
Sleep Linked With MLB Career Longevity. Researchers found that the majority of players (72 percent) who had scored low on the sleepiness scale -- with a baseline
5 Fitness Failures. In this blog post I want to highlight five common fitness failures. They're failings I've made, my clients make, and I'm sure you've dropped the ball on a couple yourself -- but they are failings we can control, even if it might prove challenging.
My Winter As a Hospital Intern. My first day at the hospital largely consisted of going through orientation along with a large group of medical, pharmacy
Rheumatoid Arthritis and Inflammatory Diseases. While more scientific evidence is necessary to solidly confirm efficacy of many complementary and alternative medicine (CAM) therapies for RA, there are CAM modalities with preliminary data suggesting its benefits as adjunctive therapies in RA management.
Ask Healthy Living. You Just Exercised Mosquitoes find lactic acid alluring and if you've just worked out, chances are you've got some building
Don't Be Afraid to Fail. When I think of the end of my life, I know I'd be much more disappointed in myself for not taking the risk than I would be for having a number of near misses.  I know that regrets will be much harder to swallow than off-shoots.
Try This 'Summer Slim Down' (VIDEO). The official beginning of summer means one terrifying thing
Study Explores the Scientific Support for the Blood-Type Diet. Why are so many of us struggling with our weight and suffering illness? According to naturopath Dr. Peter D'Adamo, knowing your blood type, and eating and exercising according to it, is the key to avoiding health and weight problems.
The Debate We Need. Survivorship as a treatment discipline means going beyond just medical care to equip people to thrive today as well as they can, both during that fight and beyond it. It is treating the whole patient, the abnormal cells spurring tumor growth as well as the day-to-day challenges that accompany them.
Meditation In Action. 5. Communicate Kindly Whilst technology may have increased our frequency of communication, it has come at considerable cost
Non-Discrimination. The avenue merits vigilance and serious exploration as we roll toward January 1, 2014, when the era of nondiscrimination in health care officially begins.
5 Ways To Make Homemade Pizza A Little Bit Healthier. By Tina Haupert Select A Flavorful Sauce The sauce isn't usually the first thing I think about when I am making homemade
Sleep Problems Linked With PTSD Symptoms After Heart Attack, Study Finds. \Disturbed sleep due to nightmares increases the risk for PTSD. PTSD in turn leads to increased sleep fragmentation, decreased
'Sometimes You Just Have to Cry'. In my own experience, both professionally and personally, crying is one of the body's ways to bring itself back to balance. It is not necessarily a sign of weakness or even sadness. Infants cry to communicate with their universe. New mothers cry... a lot. And so do the rest of us.
American Heart Association. The AHA report is helpful for physicians and health professionals because it clarifies that the various alternative approaches -- while they may yield benefits in specific areas -- are not all equally effective at lowering blood pressure.
The Search for Mental Illness and Addiction in the Brain, Part IV. Developing a better understanding of, and effective treatments for, mental-health disorders is a very ambitious task for BRAIN.  Although those actually involved in BRAIN stop short of saying the we can find the sources for these things and cure them, there is hope that this is where we are headed.
Trichloroethylene, Industrial Cleaning Solvent TCE, Tied To Cancer Risk. Hansen said TCE is also present in trace levels in some tap water, and is used in several consumer products such as home
The PRH (Personal Responsibility for Health) Chronicles, Part 6. If you know it's important to control your weight and attend to your health, but almost everything in your environment and your culture conspires against such efforts -- how responsible are you, personally?
Bile Duct Cancer. It is unknown what type of treatment Jones plans to receive. HuffPost Celebrity reported that the 57-year-old singer's cancer
Prancercise Creator Joanna Rohrback On Viral Success Of Her Fitness Workout (WATCH). And to those who might be making fun of her dance in sharing it online, Rohrback says, \Bring it on!'\ \I never thought it
Is the Obama Administration Allowing Industry to Delay Menu Labeling Implementation?. Consumers are responsible for making healthy food choices, not industry, food service establishments exclaim. But how can consumers make better choices if industry continues to fight to hide the caloric content of their food?
Meditation Is Not What You Think. Even scientists are proving clinically what meditators and spiritual teachers have been saying for time immemorial -- meditation improves the quality of one's life and can be a key element to greater physical as well as mental health.
Simple Tips for Creating Patient-Friendly Health Materials. Clear communication from doctors, nurses, hospitals and clinics is essential for patients to manage their health care effectively. But creating easily understood materials isn't simple.
Are You Sure You Want to Do That?. Deep down, you know what you do or don't enjoy -- whether or not you're ready to admit that to others and yourself.
Little Kid Dreams and Cancer. What the little kid me didn't know was that there are other ways to have a positive influence on this world besides the glitz and glamor of celebrity.
The Moment I Knew. I had an epiphany while in the middle of a breakdown at work
Experts Debate Plan To Speed Antibiotic Development. Government officials, drug companies and medical experts, faced with outbreaks of antibiotic-resistant \u201csuperbugs,\u201d are pushing
Governor Christie's Lap Band May Be a Band-Aid. The lap band is really only a band-aid unless the person has come to grips with the fact that to change one's weight, one has to change one's lifestyle. You have to change your habits.
7 Things to Consider Before Juicing. As you can see by my recent blog post, juicing is not for me. I thought I would try it but in the end I prefer to go to my neighborhood juice bar. Here are the seven main things to consider before you start doing your own juicing.
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Medical Marijuana. \I think there's some context that needs to be considered,\ Dr. Bradley Flansbaum, one of the doctors who said he would prescribe
Cancer's Best Friend. Fear. We all deal with it at some point in our lives, but never had it been such an all-consuming part of my life until my cancer diagnosis.
Wealth. It's really not about the money. Our relationship with money and wealth is a reflection of the issues we have going on inside about ourselves and the world in general. The world is as we are.
Got Pain? Learn to Love Your Body Again. The pain experience can not only change our view of the world around us, but it also contorts the way we see ourselves. Alterations to our own personal view of who we are and what we look like can mean that we see ourselves as different from the person we used to be.
Confessions of a Fraudulent Cancer Patient. Too many people don't get checked because they don't want what they fear and unwittingly create a self-fulfilling prophecy. Go anyway. Get checked. If you have something and it is caught early, your experience with cancer could be less traumatic than a bad case of the flu.
The Moment I Knew. As they asked me why I was sad, why I was tired, why I wasn't dancing, all I could do was stare at the three tiny faces I'd brought into the world, and try to imagine what it would feel like to feel absolutely nothing about them.
On the Edge of God's Shimmer. We are here to love the light out of each other. It's not something we can plan or build, only ready ourselves for. My wife Susan is one who sees the light in my darkness. This is what relationship that endures can do. This reflection explores such grace.
New Drugs Are Barely An Improvement Over Decades-Old Standbys, Study Finds. \Their results are pretty compelling,\ said Dr Aaron Kesselheim of Harvard Medical School, who helped conduct the survey
The Real Reasons You Can't Relax. Is it challenging for you to find time to relax without losing your drive? When in constant work mode, we can feel like a production machine, but we can also feel afraid to relax for fear of falling into a non-working rut.
Self-Sabotaging in Work or Relationships? Why?. Do you sometimes find that you sabotage yourself in your work or your relationships? Have you wondered why you would do that? Here are some of the beliefs that might trigger your fears or your resistance to taking loving action in your own behalf.
Sleeping Tips. We know that there are many health benefits of getting enough shuteye, and that the negative impacts of sleep deprivation
Missing You, Mom, as I Hang Out a Load of Laundry. I never quite understood the reason for them being hung on the line in the first place, and it is only recently that I have thought about it, and now it is too late to ask, since she passed over 14 years ago, and June 1 would have been her 74th birthday.
Be Fearless and Take Control of Your Life. Fearful people live their lives as if they are passengers in an out-of-control car. Rather than doing something to control the situation -- by getting into the driver's seat -- they operate the car as passengers.
The $2.7 Trillion Medical Bill. Deirdre Yapalater's recent colonoscopy at a surgical center near her home here on Long Island went smoothly
5 Biggest Mistakes People Make With Food And Exercise. \5 Biggest Mistakes People Make With Food And Exercise\ originally appeared on Health.com Not Eating After A Workout Because
Avoid the Rush. How do you feel when you're rushing? Perhaps there's a bit of positive excitement, but if you're like me, there's mostly, if not entirely, a sense of tension, discomfort, and anxiety. This kind of stress isn't pleasant for the mind, and over time it's really bad for the body.
Perfectionist? How To Overcome Those Time-Sucking Behaviors. By Danielle Hark for YouBeauty Challenge Your Negative Self-Talk Smith suggests turning the volume down rather than trying
Probiotics Could Help Protect Against Antibiotic-Related Diarrhea. Antibiotics can sometimes come with a nasty side effect -- diarrhea. But a new review of studies shows that taking probiotic
Three Elements of Body-Soul Fitness. When most people think of \fitness,\ they think of big muscles, speed and agility, or ideal body weight. But our definition of fitness needs a makeover. True fitness needs to include emotional and spiritual well-being, which provide the foundation for attaining a fit body.
The 5 Keys to Health and Longevity. Contrary to popular belief, your health is in your hands. And when you become conscious of this fact and perform actions that encourage wellness, you can live the long, joyful, and extraordinary life you deserve.
Creative Ways of Letting Go. This type of \echo writing,\ as I call it, works for all kinds of losses. Whether you are grieving a person, beloved pet, health, job or even a cherished dream, writing to whom or what you have let go of, and hearing back from \them\ hits a sweet spot in the heart.
Selumetinib, Advanced Uveal Melanoma Drug, Shows Success In Clinical Trial. The team wants to combine Mekinist with an experimental Glaxo treatment that blocks a different protein called Akt based
How Electric Light Is Harming Our Normal Sleep Cycles. When our eyes are exposed to artificial light, it stops sleep promoting neurons and activates arousing neurons, leading us
Happiness Index. \u201cOur happiness index offers insight into what\u2019s on the minds of Americans today and is a reflection of the state of affairs
Healthy Breakfast Ideas. Considering that their jobs are to be physically active, you might expect professional athletes to have the nutrition thing
10 Uncommon 'Superfoods' From the World of Ultra-Endurance. \We've all heard of acai, goji berries and chia seeds. But I'd be willing to bet most of you are unfamiliar with more than a few of these more obscure superfoods.\
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (May 31-June 6). Even momentarily concentrating on healthy solutions rewires psychological patterns to receive and share healthy sexual love in the present.  Here are three meditations with the themes of disappointment, karma, and reciprocity for you to ponder and practice this week.
How Deadlines Help You Get More Out of Life. In his book, When I Stop Talking, You'll Know I'm Dead, legendary film producer Jerry Weintraub says death makes the rope taut. You need an endpoint, after all, to give your story structure -- and meaning. Maybe that's why they call it a deadline.
Stay Active With Arthritis. By 2030, one out of every three Americans will suffer from arthritis.If you have arthritis pain, the good news is that you can become self-empowered to manage your own arthritis pain.
I Lost Weight. How I Lost It
Is 'Get Rid of Negative People' Good Advice?. We do not become the people who this world needs simply by turning our backs on anyone we don't like, trust, or deem healthy enough to be in our presence.  No, in fact, those are exactly the people we need to let into our lives.  Not just for their sake, but for ours.
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
How's Your Sex Life?. By not sharing your real thoughts about your sex life with your partner, you may get stuck in a pattern of resenting, lying, or concealing the truth to your partner. This can negatively impact a person's emotional well-being as well as slowly erode a couple's relationship over time.
Pedometer Use Linked With More Physical Activity, Less Sitting. \This is a very simple intervention that can reach a large number of people at a low cost,\ study researcher Jeanne Johnston
Ira Israel. I fear that the yoga community's laissez-faire attitude of \It's all good!\ may ultimately become its undoing - because if we don't decide what yoga is and what yoga isn't, then someone is going to decide for us.
High Blood Pressure Associated With Declining Brain Functioning. Researchers found that people with high blood pressure in the central arteries -- including the aorta, the largest artery
Mental Health Care For Veterans Often Fragmented. Prompt care is important because mental illness can impair people's lives and interfere with their relationships and jobs
As Suicide Rates Rise in the US. It is about time we talked about suicide. If we pay attention to this serious issue, we can help people before they reach the point of feeling suicidal and provide greater support for family members who lose someone to suicide.
SARS-Like Virus. Saudi Arabia has been the most affected by the virus, with 39 cases and 25 deaths so far, according to data from the World
The Moment I Knew. I had developed an itching tick. Without having to think about it my right index finger would find its way to the back of my scalp and pick and pick and pick until it drew blood.
Is Entrepreneurship Good For Your Health?. Other steps business owners are taking to contribute to the health and happiness of their employees include providing discounted
10 Fascinating Chicken Facts. 1. Some chicken breeds are on the brink of extinction. Just as certain wild species in the Amazon rain forest are facing
CoQ & A. The current study, which thus far has only been presented at a conference, albeit a prestigious one, and not yet published in full in the peer-reviewed literature, appears to be a game-changer.
Immunotherapy. The findings are driving enthusiasm for immunotherapies. Merck plans to present an update of this study on June 2 at the
SARS-Related Virus. The virus, which can cause coughing, fever and pneumonia, has spread from the Gulf to France, Britain and Germany. The WHO
France To Ban Electronic Cigarettes In Public. Electronic cigarettes, whose invention is widely credited to a Chinese pharmacist a decade ago, usually comprise disposable
The Moment I Knew. At some point in the evening after looking online at possible causes, I came to an alarming conclusion as to why my brittle hair was falling out
No Rise In Cancer Seen From Japan's Fukushima Nuclear Disaster, UN Says. NO RADIATION-RELATED DEATHS By Fredrik Dahl VIENNA, May 31 (Reuters) - The evacuation of tens of thousands of people helped
Google Nutrition. The project launched on May 30 and will be available throughout the U.S. within 10 days. Want to learn more? Check out the
Portions Are Increasing. By YouBeauty.com Editors To say that we are a Supersized nation is an understatement. We all know that most things food-related
How To Be An Optimist. Also On HuffPost
Dehydrating Foods. Asparagus Well-known for altering the odor of urine, asparagus likely also produces more of it, thanks to an amino acid called
Desire Is Not Bad. Desire is not the enemy to a happy and balanced life.  It is not a roadblock to experiencing a higher self.  In fact, desire can often be the driver for all that greater awareness and consciousness we so often seek.
How Mindfulness Can Save Your Relationship. Mindfulness presents a valuable tool for facing the daily challenges of staying close to our partner. It allows us to become more centered and calm, so we can talk things out instead of spiraling into a screaming match.
We Tried It. It's hard to imagine a better setting for a yoga class
Thyroid Cancer. Thyroid cancer is on the rise. I was diagnosed with it when I was 28 years old and it was quite a journey. Here are some things that I've learned, and what I feel patients and survivors need to hear.
Allergy Medications Can Pose Driving Hazard, FDA Says. Those who switch to a new antihistamine drug should not assume they can take the same dose as they did with the older drug
Fecal Transplants. The study found 81 percent of patients who received a fecal transplant were cured of their condition after 10 weeks, compared
How to Know When to Listen to Fear and When to Push Through It. How to answer to fear is different in every case. What is important is that we do not automatically react to fear by either doing the thing that scares us or not doing it.  Fear is just a warning light, there to alert us that we need to inquire more deeply into ourselves.
For Every 3 Friends You Have, Statistically Only 1 Of You Is Actually Happy. If you feel insecure in your friendships, I've got news for you
New Worry For Fungal Meningitis Patients. The more than 740 patients who developed fungal meningitis and other infections after receiving tainted back pain shots may
Quitting Sugar for a Sweeter Life. It's not that difficult to think of sugar as a habit, or even a minor pleasurable addiction. Anyone who has ever craved a chocolate cake -- or, in the case of me as I write this, a blueberry smoothie -- knows that the craving of sugar can be highly irritating.
What It's Like to Date When You're Allergic to Everything. Even if my date isn't disturbed, now kissing is completely off the table for the evening. But what was I supposed to say? Three minutes into meeting a guy, and I'm all, \Hey if you wanna kiss me later, avoid these foods!\ Then hand him a handy checklist.
Gregory Colbert. Recent studies regarding happiness show that people who have jobs -- something one does for money -- are not very happy; similarly, I've found that those are the type of people who often eat lunch at their desks.
American Fitness Index 2013. Did your city make the list? Read on for a look at the top ten
Why Managing Fear Won't Reduce Stress. I've lived too much of my life in reaction to fear
Great Gluten-Free Snacks. Many shoppers don't realize that \gluten-free\ doesn't always equal \good for me.\ In fact, some gluten-free products are high in calories, loaded with added sugars or are often rich in heart-unhealthy saturated fats.
No Politician Left Inside. To cut right to it, let's share some of those neurological benefits with our elected leaders by initiating a volunteer-based
The Fight After the Fight. When I was diagnosed with cancer, one thing I really was prepared for was the fight during treatment. I knew I was going to have surgery. I knew I was going to get radiation. What I was not fully prepared for was everything that came after.
Oysters Unite!. Today, I thank God for allowing me to be so ill.  For it is my illness that has taught me life's most valued lessons.  Being incapacitated has forced me to plumb the depths and heights of my humanity.  And dive I did.
Carpal Tunnel Syndrome. The findings determined significantly larger wrist ratios in CTS patients. Last, the study suggested \carpal tunnel patients
7 Practices of People Who Experience a Fulfilled Life. A fulfilled life has a combination of meaning, love, security, productivity and happiness; it is not only a good life but a pleasant and a meaningful one.
8 Simple Rules to Reduce Your Risk Of Dying Early (By 34 Percent, No Less!). In a time when nutrition info and recommendations are becoming increasingly complex, it's good to have a touchstone document or two reminding us of the basics.
Happiness Evolves. Good news, joy-seekers! Happiness grows as you do. For more on happiness, click here. But that doesn't mean we're less happy
Time for a Personal Mid-Year Review. If we wish to keep growing and developing in the right direction ourselves, and if we wish to achieve the goals we had set ourselves in our New Year's resolutions, writing a personal mid-year review is a great tool to do so!
Expect to Be a Revolutionary. Know this
What Dims Your Light?. Life is filled with people and moments that dim our light -- but what happens when these moments turn to hours, days, weeks and months? Sometimes even years?
Athletes Who Meditate. It's commonly said that sports are 90 percent mental and only 10 percent physical. A lack of focus can result in a missed
GPS Guide. Amanda Russell is a top-rated fitness and lifestyle writer, professional keynote speaker, Olympic-trained athlete, celebrity
Confessions of My Imperfections as a Health Coach. Am I perfect? Not in any way.  Do I like to be healthy? Yes.  But am I also human and make choices that aren't always wise or the healthiest thing? Absolutely.  And maybe, for me, it's time to start sharing more of myself.
Tafinlar And Mekinist, Melanoma Drugs, Approved By FDA. After 39 FDA approvals last year - a record only beaten in 1996 - the continuing healthy run-rate for so-called new molecular
No, Real Henna Won't Kill You. Now hear this! \Black henna\ tattoos do not exist. There is no such thing as a black henna plant. If someone offers you a
Happiness Quotes. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Relaxation Games. We can't always sit still or slow our minds down enough to enjoy meditation. What we can do is turn relaxation into a playful way of being. Over time, the more we learn to be present and love where we are, making room for just sitting begins to happen naturally.
The Power of the Pen. Although writing about trauma is uncomfortable in the short run, after approximately two weeks, the costs disappear and the benefits emerge -- and they last.
Color Me Rad. Really.. I'd heard about color runs...how trendy and fun they were. But I'm so busy with work and kids' stuff that I totally missed
Computer Avatars Could Help People With Schizophrenia Confront Tormenting Voices. The system then synchronises the avatar's lips with its speech, enabling a therapist to speak to the patient through the
What If Everything We Think We Know About Nutrition and Obesity Is Wrong?. To begin its quest, NuSI is funding and facilitating what it hopes will be the most rigorous research to date on the relationship between nutrition, obesity and metabolic disease.
Young Adult Caregivers. As the girlfriend of a young adult with cancer, I also faced a unique struggle that caregivers of children or adults don't face
Grief and the DSM. In academic and clinical circles, there has long been a concern with differentiating between grief -- seen as a normal transitional experience -- and more complicated reactions to loss.
Teen Suicide and Contagion. The idea of a teen committing suicide and of a young life being abbreviated is almost too painful to think about. A new study suggests that the phenomenom of \suicide contagion\ is sadly alive and well among teens.
'The Physical Attraction' -- Why Americans Should Have an Annual Medical Exam. The point of this post is to illustrate how medical malpractice law works in an effort to motivate you to receive at least a yearly physical and blood work, and to encourage you to focus on disease prevention and health optimization.
How Mindfulness Training Could Help People With PTSD Symptoms. Past research has shown that people with post-traumatic stress disorder tend to have lower-than-normal levels of the stress
Gluten-Free Challenges in Schools and on College Campuses. As we grow the dialogue surrounding gluten-free needs, it's critically important for families and schools across the country to rally behind their students and ensure our institutions receive the proper service training needed to meet all students' nutritional needs.
The Polarizing Effect of Your Inauthentic Self and Why It's Keeping You Lonely. It's not easy to write about intimacy.\u00a0 Who we let our hearts speak to isn't something that can be instructed with words.\u00a0 True intimacy is as dynamic, and sometimes elusive as our own self.
Time for Ice Cream in Your Diet!. Eating ice cream is a seasonal treat, and as such should not be denied just because one is on a diet. The key seems to be sticking to a half-cup serving size and avoiding the tempting but truly fattening sundaes and added ingredients.
Defeating Denial in Cancer Caregiving. Denial for a short period can help caregivers and patients to cope. Yet when prolonged denial begins to stand in the way of the patient's treatment, comfort, or well-being, it's no longer helpful to anyone.
Wheelchair Wisdom. Whenever you find that you are out of touch with your loving, simply move into the quiet center within. Let go of any expectation that something has to happen. When you are free of any pressure to perform that you have placed on yourself, you become still, love arises naturally.
You Do Not Have to Suffer. Because it is the meaning we give events that produces most of our suffering, by no longer giving meaning to events, you can stop your suffering.
The 5 Worst Fast Food Coffee Drinks For Your Health. Dunkin' Donuts Coffee Coolata At 540 calories and 102 grams of sugar, a large cup of this frozen coffee concoction accounts
I Was Prettier Before Cancer. I like to think I'm not superficial or petty. But it wasn't until my new doctor, an oncologist, told me I would lose my hair that despair reared its ugly, presumably bald, head.
Weekly Rune. Often concerned with what we own, inherit, then pass on to others, Othala is about our center
Loving Your Reflection. In the end it is humorous to me that a surgery to change my appearance brought my hidden cancer to my attention -- and that this cancer has essentially reversed how I feel about beauty.
The Probiotic Candidate. I posted on my Facebook page the words \Twenty Years,\ as this is my official 20th anniversary with my wife Robin. A significant portion of my online community mistook my 20 years to mean my cancerversary, which if you've read my previous stuff, you know I don't celebrate.
Wheelchair Wisdom. As we go through the aging process and experience grief and loss, and as friends and family pass on, the need for connection to extended family, friends, community, and to all of humanity, becomes even more important. Being connective means being ready to connect.
The 5 Most Underrated Virtues of Great Doctors. Medical school emphasizes that one simply needs to be as smart as possible with a borderline annoying amount of empathy, but I would argue that it's definitely not that simple.
Cheating on Your Inner Procrastinator. Rather than trying to wrestle with your \Inner Procrastinator,\ why not change the dynamics of your relationship with him. Seem strange? Keep procrastinating and read on, my friend.
Just Like My Mother. After that night we began our long process of rebuilding. I had to get to know my mother through fresh eyes -- eyes not clouded with resentment. What I learned is that my mother has the purest heart.
Write, Visualize, Do. I've always been a believer in setting goals.  In the past, though, I've been able to achieve my goals just by writing them down and didn't have to remind myself of them on a regular basis.  However, as my goals grew more complex, they pushed me to make bigger leaps out of my comfort zone.
Exercise and Air Pollution. Whether you're a serious athlete or a recreational cyclist or runner, it's but prudent to educate yourself about whether working out in polluted areas causes damage to your lungs and your health overall.
Frankenfoods. Proponents of recent legislation to label GMOs are facing a bruising food fight, given that the biotech and food industries have spent massive amounts of money to combat earlier GMO-labeling proposals.
Silent Killer Among Asian Americans. As May brings Asian Pacific American Heritage Month, beyond honoring the cultures with food, dance, stories, and parades, we ought to take this opportunity to raise awareness about hepatitis-B prevention and early diagnosis.
Job Burnout Is a Risk for Heart Disease. Note that this study is not specifically about burnout in physicians or health care workers. It is in a relatively healthy
The Moment I Knew I Needed To De-Stress. No one should be afraid of scales. They are simply an instrument that reveals mass. I hadn't stood on one in three years.
Challenging Conventional Wisdom About Sleepwalking. New research has produced what may be a clearer picture of sleepwalking, its possible mechanisms, and its risk factors. The analysis also challenges some common beliefs about the sleep disorder -- beliefs that, if outdated, could interfere with diagnosis and treatment.
Buyer Beware. I have seen this phenomenon quite a bit in my private practice. Clients often think that if a food is labeled with a healthy-sounding term, they can eat more. But of course, cookies are cookies, regardless of whether they are reduced-fat, organic, gluten-free, or labeled some other way.
Healthy Masculinity. For more on emotional wellness, click here. One lovely feature of the welcome home evenings is the invitation to members
How to Stop Procrastinating by Using the 'Two-Minute Rule'. Recently, I've been following a simple rule that is helping me crush procrastination and making it easier for me to stick to good habits at the same time. I want to share it with you today so that you can try it out and see how it works in your life.
Truth. I would eat something \healthy\ and then stress that I wasn't losing weight. I'd steal a cookie off the tray someone brought into work and berate myself for the rest of the day. And I'd ask myself the question
How You Can Live in the Eye of Your Life. One of the most important things that you can do for yourself is to validate your accomplishments personally and professionally. You, and only you, have the ability to \live in the eye of your life\ -- make it happen and have fun doing it!
The Loss of a Father. What I carry from him, like coins in my pocket against the poverty of his loss, is an understanding that all any of us has is whatever is left of the day. And I make the most of it, hay while the sun shines, and I raise a toast to life.
H7N9 Bird Flu Proves Resistant To Tamiflu For First Time. The H7N9 virus was found to be resistant to Roche's widely used flu drug in three out of 14 patients who were studied in
DSM-5. Editor's Note
Why Are Google Employees So Damn Happy?. Working at Google is awesome; everyone knows that. The Mountain View campus has a slide that employees can use instead of
Finding My Niche, Post Cancer. I was diagnosed with Hodgkin's Lymphoma, stage 2A with bulky mediastonal disease, when I was 22. Most people know that cancer is expensive, but I didn't think that most people understood what that meant for a twenty-something.
How to Practice Asteya. On a surface level, practicing Asteya can mean literally not stealing money out of someone's pocket. It can also mean not hoarding materials you don't need, mindlessly consuming natural resources, coveting other people's possessions, or appropriating other people's ideas.
Come Home, Sweetness Awaits. We don't create peace because we've forced everyone to no longer perpetrate violence, we create peace when we experience a state of supreme joy within ourselves and reflect that joy onto others. As a result, the other person feels this joy within themselves and peace becomes contagious.
Why Most Diet Research Sucks. What happens is that these observational studies become the basis of health policy. They don't generate hypothesis that can be tested and either proven or disproven, they generate the assumption of cause and effect, which is reinforced by the media, and becomes the basis of public health policy.
The Path of Grace. The question is, how do we strengthen our spiritual practice of receiving grace? How do we build a heart that is open enough, empty enough, clear, and ready for grace?  How do we become less distracted and more present to be awakened and loved by the many touches of grace?
Pesticides, Rural Living Linked With Higher Parkinson's Risk. Researchers found that exposure to different chemicals and solvents was linked to an increased risk for Parkinson's disease
Stress Remedy. As I finished my last appointment late on Saturday morning, I realized that I had a choice. I could run around in town following my red notebook to-do list or escape to the green countryside. I felt like Morpheus was offering me the option to take a red or a green pill.
Diet Soda's Effect On Teeth Terrifyingly Similar To Effects Of Meth, Crack Cocaine (PHOTO). According to an Academy of General Dentistry press release, the three people experienced severe erosion of their tooth enamel
Reading Into Wrinkles. WASHINGTON - Creases and furrows on someone's face may put a wrinkle in our ability to properly judge his or her emotions
Napping Tips. If you're going to nap at work, Breus advises bringing a \napping kit\ with an eye mask, ear plugs, and a mini alarm clock
Be Fearless. There's no easy way to end a relationship. Inherent in any breakup is that someone gets hurt. Here are ways to maintain dignity and respect, and lessen the blow.
Discover the Power of the Present Moment in Yoga. The humble task of yoga is not to get anywhere, but to stay on the sensation of the breath, posture and gazing point to calm the mind and experience the reality of what is.
The Trauma That Will Succeed the Tornadoes. After rescue efforts are exhausted and the recovery phase of a disaster begins, what might traumatic disorders look like in you or a loved one in the aftermath of the destruction?
Enterovirus 71 Vaccine Protects Kids Against Hand, Foot And Mouth Disease. A large outbreak of HFMD infected about 35,000 people and killed 17 in China's Hunan province in June 2012. Symptoms of the
Yoga Could Lower Blood Pressure Among People With Hypertension. The study included 120 people with an average age of 50, 58 of whom completed the study. All the study participants were
Top 5 Reasons to Steer Clear of GMOs. Many new organizations, including the Non-GMO Project, are on a mission to preserve non-GMO products, and increase the awareness through food labeling. Want to be part of the non-GMO bandwagon? Here are my top five reasons to let go of GMOs.
Non-Speaking Autistic Woman Writes Book. Barb knew some would doubt the words she typed were hers, because she needed a facilitator when she first began typing. Undeterred, she spent the next 10 years learning to type independently, one index finger jabbing at a letter at a time.
The Search for Mental Illness and Addiction in the Brain, Part III. Insel represents a crucial American school of thought -- by far the dominant one in the U.S. today -- that equates the future of mental health with the brain, pure and simple.  This school of thought is fundamentally wrong, has always been wrong, will always be wrong.
Perfect Balance Is Not an Option. Balance is one of those concepts best thought of in terms of the verb, not the noun. The ongoing action of balancing is our main concern. The result of balance is always to some extent an ideal toward which we move, and in whose light we see what needs to be done now.
Navigating Work Stress From the ER, Bed and Beyond. Now in the healing process, and as an advocate for managing work stress in a conscious way, I wanted to share a few lessons that I learned. First, work-life flexibility and acceptance are the greatest keys moving forward when sudden acute health care issues arise.
5 Primal Principles of Communication. Communication is the ultimate human connection.  If you follow the \silverback tips\ that I learned, you'll maximize your chances of successfully establishing rapport with others.
What You Reach For First Thing in the Morning Could Be an Indicator of Your Overall Health. What do you feel like you have to have first thing in the morning that might give a nutritionist a panic attack? By paying attention to how you feel (how you really feel), you might just realize these substances aren't what you're craving after all.
7 Ways to Fulfill Your Unique Destiny. How can we identify and overcome the old characteristics and attitudes within ourselves that hurt us in our lives today? How can we separate what is us and what is a repetition of someone else? Here are some fundamental ways to become the real you.
5 Reasons Why I'm a Fitness Boot Camp Dropout. Sweating along in the company of others may be just the motivation plenty of fitness buffs need, but after signing up for my first fitness bootcamp recently,  I've realized it's best for everyone if I stay out of public gyms and group workouts and hole up in my garage gym instead. Here's why.
Meditation In Action. Instead, it\u2019s the spirit in which we give, our intention, motivation and attitude of mind. It\u2019s the kind of giving that makes
A Most Dangerous Race. The United States should take the lead in starting discussions toward an international agreement requiring the strictest oversight and highest biosafety level for research on other potentially highly contagious and lethal pathogens.
Are You Threatened by Other People's Success?. What if we stopped the comparison game altogether?\u00a0 What if the success of others had nothing to do with us, and our own success had nothing to do with anyone else?\u00a0 What if we didn't spend aso much of our precious time focusing on how we \measure up\ to the people around us?
Vulnerability. Anger is a destructive act of aggression, causing others to withdraw or escalate. When we express the truth of our feelings, we forge a creative space for connection, where the magic of human interaction becomes possible. Going beneath our anger allows us to lead constructively.
Healthy Cookout Food. By Keri Gans for U.S. News Health It's finally barbecue season. I'm always surprised that many of my patients who work hard
Avoiding Temptation. Sleep appears to be a master key for our ability to exert self-control. If you find yourself caving to temptation more often that you want, check your sleep habits and consider making sleep a higher priority.
Research Now Shows You Can Worry Yourself Into Dementia And Even Alzheimer's. It's well known that an optimistic attitude is good for you -- mentally and physically. Optimists are healthier, happier
The Healthiest Memorial Day Foods At Your Cookout. If you're out cleaning your grill in anticipation of this weekend, you aren't alone. Memorial Day is the second-most popular
Cinnamon Compounds Could Help Protect Against Alzheimer's, Study Finds. For more amazing health benefits of spices, click through the slideshow
Feeling - Story = Meditation. Reality can't be negotiated, but when you allow yourself to feel it, you learn that it doesn't need to be negotiated. Whatever story is churning through the mind, no matter how painful, is just a ripple in a vast ocean of consciousness.
7 Ways To Sleep Better Tonight. I'm a married woman, but there's a guy I've been chasing after for months
Compassion Can Be Cultivated In The Brain, Study Finds. Of course, it shouldn't be all too surprising that meditation boosts compassion in the brain. Past research -- including
Mosquito Myths. Garlic Will Ward Off Mosquitoes While there is some anecdotal evidence of people taking garlic pills or eating garlic to
When Life Forces You Out of Your Comfort Zone. Rightfully so, unforeseen changes cause distress, uncertainty, and a pressing sense of fear.  So what are we to do when our habits are interrupted and our stability is tested? Keep these few truths in minds when the comfort rug is swept from under your feet.
You, the Superhero! 5 Ways You Can Develop a Superpower. Maybe you're not leaping tall buildings in a single bound, but remember your care, kindness and love have the power to transform many things. Cultivate your heart coherence and you'll be surprised by the number of things in a day that you can improve for yourself and others.
Practicing the 'F' Word -- 5 Steps to Forgiveness. Forgiveness (of both self and others) is the most powerful spiritual tool we have, and it is accessible to all of us.  Forgiveness is synonymous with freedom, one of the most important conditions for happiness.
Happiness Tips. \Think about how you might use your top five strengths in your relationship, at the office and in your free time,\ says Ruch
Outdoor Fitness. Memorial Day marks the unofficial start of summer, and for us at Healthy Living, that really means one thing
Breakfast Around The World. If you couldn't tell, we are really into breakfast around here at Healthy Living. We've looked at what doctors eat, what
Why Do I Keep Attracting Unavailable People?. I hear it over and over
Insomnia May Triple Risk of Heart Failure. There is an abundant -- and ever-growing -- body of evidence that indicates sleep plays an important role in cardiovascular health.
The Paradox of Dying Lonely and Living in Solitude. We should remember that loneliness is the pain of being alone, yet solitude is the splendor of being alone, and that to have long-lasting happiness we should remember the difference in between.
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (May 24-30). Even momentarily concentrating on healthy solutions rewires psychological patterns to receive and share healthy sexual love in the present.  Here are three meditations with the themes of inhibition, sexual safety, and imagination for you to ponder and practice this week.
Dropping Just a Few Pounds Gives Lame Dogs a New Leash on Life. A study of obese dogs with osteoarthritis and lameness proved how little effort it can take to vastly improve the quality of life of overfed, disabled pets.
Psychiatry Must Be a Science, Not an Art. As every other medical field has been driven by high tech and dynamic science, psychiatry has spent decades refining the art of trial and error.  With more patients every year suffering from mental health disorders, it's time to take the lessons we've learned in the rest of medicine.
Let's Move More Than Our Lips!. This time, let's prove we aren't all talk and no action. This time, let's demonstrate we aren't hypocrites. This time, let's prove we really are a nation of loving parents and grandparents, concerned and responsible adults. This time, let's move more than our lips.
Flex Your Gratitude Muscle, and Lift Stress Away. For most of us, giving comes a lot easier than receiving. Problem is, if you give and give and refuse to accept anything from others, be it a gift or a helping hand or even a compliment, you make life harder than it has to be.
Cancer. Cancer research and awareness has come a long way. Here, a look back over 100 years. Read more on Everyday Health
Does Grilling Cause Cancer? How To Make Grilling Healthier And Safer. So you're planning a Memorial Day barbecue and you want to at least nod to your health. You love a juicy burger or corn on
The Price of One Negative Thought. Positive thinking is a good thing. But without being vigilant about the power of negative thinking, all the good thoughts in the world will not defeat negativity if you give it space to flourish.
WHO Is Helping Saudi Arabia Investigate SARS-Like Virus Before Haj. Asked about the risk factors for contracting the disease, Memish said
Calories In Fast Food Meals Underestimated By Consumers, Study Reveals. On average, adults consumed meals containing 836 calories but underestimated the calorie content by 175 calories. Parents
No, Thank You. I've come to realize that like any gift, a thank-you note is not about you, it's about the receiver.  It's true that you should send one, but the thought behind it is what counts.
Balancing Act. If you are courageous and selective about the things you commit to, I promise you that your life will get easier.  You will be able to free yourself from undue stress and guilt if you can reduce the amount of things you agree to do.
Meggan Janota, Cancer Survivor, On How Running Brings Her Inner Strength (VIDEO). In 2009, Meggan Janota was training for a half-marathon when her doctor suggested a mammogram, given her family's medical
Easy Meditation Techniques. When your mind starts racing and your body begins tensing up, stopping to count your breath is one of the easiest ways to
Surprising Secrets for a Long Life Revealed. Ask those who have achieved a ripe old age how they account for their longevity and you get amusing if not instructive answers.
One-Size Nutrition Profession Doesn't Fit All. More and more, health professionals from varied fields put their energies, time and money toward gaining the knowledge and experience necessary to effectively embrace the power of nutrition. But astonishingly, health professionals with nutrition tools to reverse chronic health conditions are gagged in many states.
The One Diet That Can Cure Most Disease. If there is one thing I could encourage everyone to do, it is to take just one week to see just how powerful a drug food can be. There is nothing to lose but your suffering. It doesn't take months or years to see change. It happens in days or weeks.
GPS Guide. Sometimes your thoughts spin round and round. Especially when they are distressing. You cannot stop them. Like you cannot
Suicide. The highest rate globally, according to WHO data, is in Russia, with a whopping 53.9 suicides per 100,000 men. There are
Can You Catch Up On Sleep On The Weekend? (VIDEO). After a long week, many of us are left feeling like it's time to \catch up\ on sleep over the weekend. But does a so-called
5 Tips For Eating Healthfully At A Cookout. Skewer chicken and barbecue over medium heat until no longer pink in the middle (about six to eight minutes) while turning
8 Reasons to Be More Present in Your Life. The key here is that we approach this practice with gentleness and kindness. Each time we recognize thinking and come back into the present moment, we are planting a seed of awareness. We are creating a new habit -- a new way of being in the world.
As I Am. In order to break these ignorant cycles, one must obtain truthful self-awareness. When this is obtained, outside perceptions and projections (intentional or not) will have no power to affect you.
Heartburn And Throat Cancer. However, it's important to note that long-term antacid use doesn't come without risks. Everyday Health reported that chronic
Top 5 Fitness Moves That Prove You're in Top Shape. While these aren't exactly beginner moves, they can definitely highlight where your fitness regimen may be lacking.
Soda, Other Sugar-Sweetened Drinks May Raise Kidney Stone Risk, Study Finds. A study presented earlier this year at the American Urological Association meeting showed that exercise -- even just a twice
The Joy in Life Is in Giving. I'm naturally a giver.  But I don't take credit for it.  It's not something I had to work at, it came naturally. It was imparted to me -- my legacy from my parents. I was pre-programmed to attend to the needs of others and do what I can to make them feel as good as possible.
Marc Neikrug, 'Healing Ceremony' Composer, Talks The Power Of Music. \I thought about the power music has over people; I wanted to write something that would change how your body feels -- helping
10 Common Mistakes Cat Owners Make. Cats require specialized care, which is a fact even many cat lovers don't realize. Here are 10 of the most common mistakes I see cat owners make.
A Heart That Is Ready for Anything. There's a bright light of awareness that shines through each of us and guides us home, and we're never separated from this luminous awareness, any more than waves are separated from the ocean.
Questions Make Good Connections. The people I admire are the ones who know how to ask me a good question. They know how to carry on a conversation by doing nothing more than asking something about, well, me. If you'd like to be a better questioner as a way of being a better connector, consider the following.
Bloating Foods. If you find yourself frequently experiencing abdominal discomfort, it could be a good idea to keep a food diary to track
Why We Should Tell the Truth (Even When It's Risky). All friendships have limitations and boundaries, some more extreme than others. We can and do choose to happily reside within such limitations. When we are honest about what we need, the response forces us to look at the truth of the friendship, its limitlessness as well as its limits.
Who Wants to Write?. As writers, it's important to know that \what\ you write and \why\ you do so will surely express \who\ you are.  Perhaps, that's why the APA session on writing was so powerful and pertinent for psychiatrists, and the rest of us.
Find Health by Rewriting Your Story. It's often not about a lack of willpower or laziness or failure to be motivated. What I see more is something heavier
The Healing Role of Music During Times of Change. The power of choosing a song to demarcate a liminal period lies in the truth that in-between times are uncomfortable and music helps tether us to collective meaning and memory while empowering us to move forward into the future.
Prevention Delivers for Teens in the US. While the news reported today is encouraging, there is more work to do. Significant racial and economic disparities persist
DSM-5. By
Why the Muffin Top Deserves a Grand Comeback. How much is enough? How much should we consume each day when presented with more than we can handle?  And should we always leave something on the plate? What will you leave on your plate today?
Bob Harper. Heady stuff for a magazine that dissects celebrity bodies in great detail. But that's why we're glad Harper's around to cut
8 Ways to Prevent Relapse. s relapse going to be part of your story? Maybe. But if you open yourself up to the possibility that there might be a way to prevent relapse from becoming a part of your recovery, you may find yourself not only clean and sober, but immersed in a life worth staying clean and sober for.
Fish Oil May Help Fight Type 2 Diabetes, But Link Unclear. By Jeffrey Kopman There's something fishy about the news that omega-3 supplements may help fight type 2 diabetes. Researchers
Should My Friend's Enemies Be My Enemies, Too?. If I am having an \issue\ with someone, and it turns ugly, can \B,\ the mutual friend of us both, love us both, and stay loyal to us both without having to choose sides or get stuck in our mess? The answer from my perspective is
Are You a Highly Sensitive Person?  8 Strategies to Help. According to Dr. Elaine Aron, highly sensitive people (HSPs) make up approximately 15 to 20 percent of the population. While I would classify myself as a moderate HSP, there are certain triggers I now recognize that amplify my sensitivity. Here are eight survival strategies for HSPs.
There Are 50,000 Thoughts Standing Between You and Your Partner Every Day!. With all the thinking go on, what chance does our heart have to breathe, feel, and experience life, no less make contact with our significant others? The crowded mind makes for an overcrowded heart with little room for ourselves and less room for anyone else.
GPS Guide. See what else inspires calm in Sundlun in the slideshow below. Other tactics
8 Ways to Stay Young as You Age. What does it mean to be \psychologically young\? It's not about wrinkle creams, plastic surgery, or injections to make you look younger. It's about having a positive mental attitude, staying cognitively and physically active, and having a high-quality life.
Why Mindfulness at Work? Three Simple Ideas for Your Office. A company is only as healthy as its employees. Mindfulness creates healthier and happier workers, healthier and happier people. As I state in my seminars, mindfulness at work isn't just a work skill or a life skill -- it is a new way of existing.
15 Sneaky Duct Tape Hacks For Better Health And Fitness. 1. Remove Warts Apparently it\u2019s not just an old wives' tale. Studies of duct tape's effectiveness have yielded mixed results
5 Things You Should Know About Sleep Health in the Workplace. At last week's Corporate Sleep Health Summit, some of the country's top sleep researchers and corporate leaders came together to discuss the latest research on the damaging impacts of sleep deprivation on American workers and corporate bottom-line objectives.
How To Exercise Without Eating More. Maintaining that delicate balance of eating enough to fuel your workouts and not overdoing it afterwards is a source of confusion
H7N9. New Bird Flu Virus
5 Reasons to Avoid Air Fresheners. Studies are increasingly showing that chemicals in fragrance are harming our health, particularly the health of women and
SARS-Like Virus. A non-Saudi, whose nationality and age were not given, died on Tuesday, the Health Ministry said on its website late on Wednesday
Pfizer Takes Its Shot At A Vaccine For Evasive MRSA Superbug. GlaxoSmithKline has been quiet about its approach. The drugmaker had been partnering with Nabi's failed StaphVax candidate
The Cancer Survivors. Zach Sobiech was someone many of you never heard of a few months ago.. At the tender age of 14, Zach was stricken with an absolutely vicious cancer called osteosarcoma. After his last round, he went in for his check-up... expecting to hear good news.  What he got was something out of a nightmare.
Larry Page Vocal Cord Paralysis. How common is vocal fold paralysis? If the paralysis is the result of a surgical procedure that injures the nerve, the patient
State Stress Levels. There are countless personal and societal factors that can contribute to stress, and financial stressors are some of the
Spiritual Sex. Feeling safe in a relationship is a process, and couples will need to develop tools and ways of communicating, much of which is non-verbal, to return to the secure feelings once the inevitable flare ups occur.
When Being Nice Just Doesn't Cut It Anymore. How did I get to be such a doormat?  When did I develop such a deep-rooted fear of offending others?  What caused me to place other people's needs ahead of my own?  What did I think would happen if (horror of horrors) I were to actually displease someone?
Government Inks Deal With GlaxoSmithKline To Tackle Drug Resistance, Bioterrorism. \It reflects the reality of what goes on in drug discovery ... you want to be able to easily move money from one molecule
SARS-Related Virus Official Name. It is early days, but so far, MERS has not caught on, despite the WHO's European branch saying \the WHO and other committee
Why I'm Not A Vegan. On my recent book tour, I spoke with a number of people about my take on a positive direction for the American diet. Read
Why Are Boys So Violent?. The deep secrets of boys and men, according to the research, is that they have the same desire for connection and close friendships as girls and women and that many of our cultural norms of masculinity are hurting rather than helping boys find what they need and want.
Feet Have More Diverse Fungus Than Elsewhere On Body, Study Finds. By Sophie Bushwick (Click here for the original article and podcast) In most of these locations, a single genus of fungi
10 Unexpected Ways To Meditate Every Day. Ready to get Zen? Meditation can do way more than people think -- and it's not just for hippies.\u00a0Practicing meditation regularly
Stress Decreases Attractiveness In Women's Faces, Study Finds. The finding is a gender turnaround on previous research that has found that women go for low-stress guys, too. Stress can
DSM-5. In both forms of sadness, someone can experience a loss of interest or pleasure in activities they normally enjoy, as well
Can We Talk About Sex... and Cancer?. We all know that cancer changes a person forever. It clearly changes us physically. It also changes us emotionally. Now here's the part no one really tells you
Sleep Apnea Treatment, CPAP, Could Improve Blood Sugar Levels, Study Finds. Treating sleep apnea doesn't just minimize daytime fatigue and disrupted sleep -- it could also help blood sugar levels, according
The Good Samaritan Within Us. I am sharing this brief story with you as encouragement that we all have a good samaritan somewhere deep within us. It is easy to get lost in our own problems, but we have opportunities every day to reach out to people struggling all around us.
How to Release Pain. In today's video we're going to tap on pain. We all are affected by physical pain in different ways. Whether it's a daily neck ache from hunching over a laptop, PMS cramps, or chronic pain from an injury, tapping can help you release it.
GPS Guide. Travis Steffen, MA, CSCS has a few tricks up his sleeve when it comes to tackling stress. Check out how the trainer decompresses
Applying the Inside-Out Understanding -- Or Not. Without exception, the starting place for everyone's perception and experience is their thinking and the feeling state that ensues.
Being Completely Normal Living With a Mental Illness. No one deserves to live with the stigma associated with a mental illness. The important thing that we need to do as a society is be more compassionate, more informed, more caring and more supportive of those with mental illness.
Optimism Fueled By Social Connections Could Boost Physical Health. \The daily moments of connection that people feel with others emerge as the tiny engines that drive the upward spiral between
How Does Exercise Reduce Stress?. But going for a rigorous jog or bike ride (or even for a walk or out dancing) can actually cause immediate stress reduction
Thou Art That. At 93, my father is failing. He's in between worlds, close to both life and death. We've slipped into a time of presence more than conversation. At times, he surfaces like an old whale, offering bits of this world and the next. This poem comes from that precious time.
Enjoy Now. The present moment is continually passing away, so if you try to hold onto it in any way -- such as by remembering it or forming ideas about it -- you are no longer in the present. Therefore, relax. Open to this moment. Not planning, not worrying, not lost in thought.
The Role of Vows. How might I ripple and radiate out from the closest, most interior circles to the nether regions of the universe as an ever more welcoming, beaming, and loving presence?
39 Deliciously Unexpected Healthy Avocado Recipes. If we could eat the avocado pi\u00f1ata hanging in our office, believe me -- we would. Unfortunately, we aren't that lucky and
What's All the Juicing Fuss About?. Funny, but for a person that doesn't even boil water, I'm not quite sure why I took the job of juicing under my belt when I can just run a few blocks down and get a freshly-made juice at my friend's store.
Fewer U.S. Adults Physically Inactive, New Report Finds. However, the decline in physical inactivity did not seem to translate to weight loss. The percentage of adults who were obese
Reject Rejection. It takes courage to know who we are and what we stand for. It takes courage to act from the core of our own being -- our core essence. Learning how to deal effectively with rejection strengthens our sense of self and builds our resilience when confronting life's challenges.
Angelina Jolie. Many individuals in the medical profession chalk disease up to genetics. And that is fair. Genetics play a big role. Yet studies continue to show that our lifestyle choices, although not 100 percent foolproof, play a huge role in making our genes for disease present themselves.
Unplugged. For two weeks I put myself through a mind/body experiment -- no iPhone or iPad usage after 8:30 p.m. or before 45 minutes of waking up in the mornings.
How the 'Me, Me, Me' Generation Has Freed Purpose. In many of the recent articles on millennials, there is a critical narrative that has emerged and has lead to what I believe is the beginning of a cultural zeitgeist, and that narrative is about purpose.
A Yoga Sequence for Gardeners. Reclining Leg Stretch 2 (Supta Padangusthasana, Stage II) Lie on your back with your knees bent and your calves resting on
Medical No Man's Land. Nobody ever really expects to be diagnosed with cancer, but as a 20-year-old college student, I definitely wasn't prepared.
How Dogs Can Give You Lyme Disease. I am a big dog lover, and our family has always had a dog.  But dogs carry ticks, including deer ticks that carry Lyme disease (Borrelia burgdorferi) and other tick-borne diseases.
Escitalopram, Antidepressant, Could Lower Stress-Related Heart Risks For Some. For some patients with heart disease, taking antidepressants may reduce the risk of heart problems brought on by mental stress
COPD Pain Linked To Depression, Study Finds. Systemic inflammation like the depressed COPD patients had can cause pain and worsen COPD symptoms. Researchers believe that
Inflammatory Bowel Disease And Melanoma. \IBD and Melanoma
Your Action Is Your Religion. My lack of integrity was preventing me from holding the energy necessary to manifest my vision. Like a house that lacks structural integrity and collapses under its own weight, my inner house was divided and could not stand.
The Search for Mental Illness and Addiction in the Brain, Part II. The very inconclusiveness of the Human Genome Project as detailed in part one is pushing us to conclude that we were only looking in the wrong place when we put a microscope to our DNA.  Instead, we have determined to look to the brain directly.
Sleep And Couples. Sleep.\u00a0\u00a0It occupies about one-third of our lives. We need it for our mental and physical health, and for our survival. Compared
What Nutrition Pros Eat at Chain Restaurants. I travel a lot for work and often find myself in airports and in unfamiliar cities wondering where and what I can eat that will fill me up, not out. Since eating out makes it harder to keep your daily calories in check, you have to learn how to dodge the calorie minefields in restaurant menus.
Good Gut Bacteria May Keep Bad At Bay. By Christopher Intagliata (Click here for the original article and podcast) Researchers raised rodents in a sterile environment
The Sisterhood of St. Angelina. Disclosure of something as personal as having had both breasts removed is quite a daunting decision for many reasons, least of which is fear of being seen as \less of a woman,\  as even a world-class sex siren felt obligated to note.
Bouncing Forward. It took me almost 365 days to just feel \normal,\ or, better yet, stable mentally and physically. Almost another year later and I'm finally feeling strong, lithe and sexy again -- in a whole new way, much different than before my pregnancy.
Wonder Alert. Over 300 billion known breaths were taken and there were an estimated several trillion heartbeats. Be on the look out and report all acts of wonder to everybody.
Bunions May Be Hereditary, Study Finds. A past study, in the journal Arthritis Care and Research, also showed that bunions become more common as people get older
Dear American Consumers. Dear Consumers
Primary Sclerosing Cholangitis. But that's not all. Coffee has also been shown to help with heart disease, breast cancer, stress, cavities, and Parkinson's
Study Of Lymphoma Drug, Inotuzumab Ozogamicin, Halted Since It's Unlikely To Help Survival. The study tested inotuzumab in combination with Roche Holding's Rituxan in patients with relapsed or refractory aggressive
Top Foods and Tips to Fight Arthritis. Although a variety of foods are always important, there are certain vitamins and nutrients that specifically help prevent inflammation and ease the symptoms of arthritis.
Recovering From 'Hurry Sickness'. We don't have to be victims of hurry sickness. We do have all the time we need -- and from this patient mind zone, we can reclaim our time, our priorities and our ability to respond well to life and all its demands. With patience, we're in the driver's seat of our own lives.
The New York Times Bungles the Latest Salt Report. The Times not only fanned unfounded fears that cutting sodium is risky, but it failed to inform readers that vanishingly few Americans consume the very-low-sodium levels that the IOM considered.
Ginger Could Enhance Effects Of Asthma Medication, Study Finds. Because the research has yet to be published in a peer reviewed journal, the results should be considered preliminary. But
Music Therapy Could Ease Anxiety In Patients With Respiratory Failure, Study Finds. \Reducing anxiety and amount of sedation in mechanically ventilated patients is of the utmost importance, particularly because
WATCH. When Alyssa was just 5 months old, she was diagnosed with a genetic disease called Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA). The doctors
5 Things Angelina Jolie Teaches Us About Cancer. As more details have been revealed, I have reflected on what one of the world's most beautiful and most recognizable women has taught us recently about cancer.
Angelina Jolie, Doctors, Patenting Genes, and You. Angelina Jolie's openness about her decision to undergo mastectomies because of the BRCA1 mutation can help inspire countless women to face this difficult decision.  Yet several obstacles exist that deserve attention, concerning doctors and costs of testing.
Lyme Disease Myths. Myth
Don't Blame Empathy. People care about more than numbers.  They care so much about subjective well-being that they are willing to trade years of life for improved quality of life.  Cold reason is really not sufficient to assess anyone's quality of life.  That evaluation requires a robust application of empathy.
Whatever You Focus on Expands. There are so many good things in our lives -- way more good things than bad -- but all we talk about and worry about are all the problems.
Can Our Connections Last If We Multitask and Move Too Fast?. Can we find a middle ground here? Maybe not so far back as kicking tumbleweed down Main Street, but at least spending some quality time with the people in our lives and putting down our devices sometimes so we can be present with others and ourselves?
From Tragedy to Triumph. I am a wife, a mother and a mesothelioma warrior. I have a story to tell, one that starts with tragedy but ends in triumph.
Meditation In Action. 11. There\u2019s no need to focus so intently that you start to exclude everything around you. In fact, be open to things happening
We Tried It. One word of advice for prospective trampoline yogis
The Power of a Yoga Book. Many yoga teachers seem to be afraid of imparting all of their knowledge. Kino MacGregor does the opposite, proving both her teaching ability and business savvy by explaining everything in as much detail as possible.
The Ultimate 'Wait-Loss' Program. The false idea that we must wait for something or someone to change before we can step into our vision is a core reason we get stuck and feel like a victim.
Why Is Mindfulness So Difficult?. Instructing somebody to meditate -- to release or dis-identify with his or her thoughts -- is like trying to instruct somebody to instantly sneeze, or like telling someone just not to think, when the mind but built to do little else but that.
What Is the True Meaning of Inspiration?. Understand that you can be an inspiration to others, no matter what you feel you have or have not achieved. Even if you feel that you have not yet reached the endpoint, and even if you feel like you have reached a low point, you have the ability to inspire.
Are You Listening to Your Heart?. This week, my brother's heart attack was a reminder to me to continue to nurture my relationship to my heart, to be consciously aware of the importance of listening to what my heart has to say to me.
On Olympians, Exercise, and Happiness. Since May is \Exercise is Medicine\ month, as designated by the American College of Sports Medicine, now would be the perfect time for us to reopen a dialogue on the subject and increase national awareness.
The Fear of Losing Control. We can choose to let fear be a noose around our neck, holding our breath through life. We can choose to hold onto what we believe we can control, saying no to experiences that may seem risky. We can choose to be satisfied, but less than passionate. Or we can choose to cut the cord.
Yoga For Anxiety. Roughly 40 million U.S. adults suffer from anxiety (that's around 18 percent of Americans age 18 and over), making it the
How to Become a Positive Thinker. At the end, positive thinkers are better problem solvers and have better interactions.  In addition to that, people who are positive thinkers are happier and more satisfied with their life.
Mind-Body Training Boosts Medical Students' Self-Compassion. This isn't the first research to suggest meditation can boost compassion. A study published last year in the journal Social
Light, Bright Sneakers For Summer Workouts. By Rosalyn Frazier Fitness shoes this season are a whole lot lighter (and brighter!). What's the upside of featherweights
How Your Deepest Insecurities Reveal Your Greatest Gifts. If we can name our own awkward, ardent gifts, and extricate them from the shame and wounds that keep them buried, we'll find ourselves on a bullet train to deep, surprising, life-changing intimacy.
Cranking Up a Dose of Daily Courage. This kind of \psychological courage\ is essential to our health and happiness because it allows us to face up to our lives. To acknowledge and even confront the addictions and lies, fears and mistakes we make so that we can move into them and beyond them.
Turn 5 Things You Do Every Day Into Meditation Moments. By turning everyday activities into meditation moments, you can bring more mindfulness, clarity, and peace into your day while energizing yourself and reducing stress. Here are five opportunities to add meditation to your day without taking time out of your hectic schedule.
How To Fix Health Problems With Food. This antioxidant is most potent when eaten in raw or lightly cooked foods. Try adding chopped scallions to your salad or
Healthy Breakfast Ideas. With red carpets to walk and swimsuits to don, certain celebrities face a great deal of pressure about food, fitness and
Dalai Lama Panel Discussion On Science, Happiness And Well-Being, Moderated By Arianna (VIDEO). In the video above, watch his panel discussion on Science, Happiness and Well-being, moderated by Arianna. Watch Change Your
Are You Living an Authentic Life?. What stops us from having the very things we say we want in our lives is usually ourselves.  Whether it's feeling that we don't deserve those things or that we don't believe it's possible to get them, it comes down to changing our thinking around it.
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (May 17-23). Even momentarily concentrating on healthy solutions rewires psychological patterns to receive and share healthy sexual love in the present.  Here are three meditations with the themes of privacy, revenge, and integrity for you to ponder and practice this week.
Burned Out on Caregiving? Take Some Vitamin N!. \Because nature is calming to the mind and uplifting to the mood, it can shift both the caregiver and care recipient into a place where simply being present together feels rewarding.\
DSM-5. A mother of triplets on the autism spectrum, Weisman says \I'm not sure my boys would be where they are today\ - in regular
Fixing Obesity. As a culture, we are drowning in calories of mostly very dubious quality, and drowning in an excess of labor-saving technology. I have compared obesity to drowning before, but want to dive more deeply today into the implications for fixing what ails us.
The False Prophet. To me, it's simple. We heal and grow when we are looked at with hopeful and believing eyes. And we break a little every time we experience the opposite.
'The Union', High School Football Offensive Line, Runs To Win (VIDEO). Watch the video above for more from The Union on how they run because they care about what they do. Then tell us in the comments
The Choice. Time is our most precious and scarcest resource.  For those dreams that require strength and stamina, remember that a dream delayed might become a dream denied.  Instead of lamenting over what you can no longer do, focus on what you can do to add meaning and joy to your life.
H7N9 Flu Death Toll Rises To 36 In China, WHO Reports. It added that in past week as the number of new cases has dwindled, some provinces have begun to scale back emergency operations
Flu Vaccine Advice May Be Flawed, Expert Says. But in a new article published in the British Medical Journal, Peter Doshi, PhD, a postdoctoral fellow in comparative effectiveness
Thank You for Blueberries (VIDEO). Do you know how much work goes into getting our food to us? Farm to table? So much more work than I realized and still more than I know. That's how much.
The Art of Choosing. The moment I made the decision to make this move, I also made the decision to let it be easy. This was a choice, and one I had to continue to make every single day.
7 Things I Learned From Mom. My mom has certainly been the source of constant inspiration. Anyone who has heard me speak has heard stories about her. Although she is highly educated and accomplished, her advice is usually quite simple yet powerful if applied.
Do We Love Our Pets More Than Our Children?. So why do we love our pets so much?  Let me answer as a dog owner, even though this list may attest to cats, birds, hamsters, snakes, horse, chickens or whatever other pet an owner may share his or her life with.
Everybody Say 'OPA!'. The notion of the \good life\ can be viewed as the human quest for meaning, a formidable challenge that involves both making a living and making a life that really matters, that has significance.
Cell Phone Call May Spur Blood Pressure Spike. Research presented at the annual meeting of the American Society of Hypertension shows that systolic blood pressure rises
Pushing Back for Individuality. To build healthy individuality, we must undertake the task of understanding ourselves and our feelings. This involves self-disclosure. For us to truly understand ourselves, and to stop being concerned about others' opinions of us, we ought to be able to disclose what our true beliefs are.
GPS Guide. For more on happiness, click here. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and
Just Remember, Thoughts Aren't Facts. This little instruction can be enormously helpful in bringing to light how to gain freedom from thinking.
Learn to Exit Your Emotional Roller Coaster. If you've been dieting -- or trying to get yourself not to eat this and that -- for the past however many years, it's going to be very normal for you to experience extreme mental states around food or exercise, and weight loss.
Birth and Death. Lola taught me how to handle adversity and Lucy taught me how to love unconditionally.  Lola taught me to laugh and Lucy taught me to cry.  She taught me that it's okay to love someone so much that when they finally die, you feel that your heart is broken.
The Best Cities For Exercise. His comments were incorporated in a larger survey conducted by Men's Health, who ranked 100 American cities from most to
Don't Be a Crouton Counter. If you want to find something bad, you can -\u2012 in any situation. But you can find lots of good stuff, too. It's all in what you choose to look for.
Why the Cliche 'Try New Things' Is Sacred. Disruption necessitates exploration and uncertainty, which means that \trying new things\ is not merely a well-worn clich\u00e9 but an urgent moral imperative. It is, it seems to me, sacred.
Wellness Coverage and Obamacare. Everyone is talking and worrying about the Affordable Care Act (ACA), which became law in 2010. What has received less attention are the provisions for preventive care and potentially increasing access to health care providers who practice from a whole person, naturalistic perspective.
7 Health Problems Fixed By Food. Can't sleep? Got the PMS blues? Before you open your medicine cabinet, step into your kitchen. Read more on abcnews.go.com
Thank You, Angelina Jolie. I admire Angelina for taking the unselfish view that she will do whatever it takes to be sure she will be around to parent her children. And I commend Angelina for making her decision public and thereby supporting other women who face an increased cancer risk.
Top 10 Posture Mistakes and 17 Tips to Get Better Posture. Growing up, many of our parents would demand that we sit up and stop slouching, for no other reason than it might make us look bad.  But there are so many other elements to the importance of posture, elements that are affecting millions of us every day
You Need a Time Out!. I set my alarm and 20 minutes later, I was a new me. I didn't even have to think about what I was going to do, I just did the first thing that came naturally. Now, GPS for the Soul has become my daily opportunity for me to check in with me.
Supporting Children's Mental Health. Research has shown us that intervening early at the individual, family, and community level can delay or prevent the on-set of mental and substance use disorders. We also know that these can be treated, and individuals with these conditions can lead healthy productive lives.
Asian Students, Plagiarism Stereotypes And Compassion. Taking a compassionate perspective, considering the potential limiting impact of bias in ourselves, seeing individuals instead of group members and identifying areas to strengthen as opposed to prejudge are critical in providing a quality education.
Reclaiming Joy. Practicing yoga has changed me, made me calmer, less anxious, more equanimous. It's given me a physiological way to deal with trauma that was otherwise unavailable to me, and as a teacher, I now have some tools that I can share with others who've experienced trauma.
If Reconstructed Breasts Are Good Enough for Brad, They Should Be Good Enough for You. The fact that she made the announcement at all is significant. She could have kept her health issues private, just as she had done for the past several months. If and when the media learned of her surgery, she could have refused to comment.
Celebrating the Highly-Sensitive Man. Empathic men often have a harder time than women because in Western culture sensitivity may be seen as a weakness or too \feminine.\ This is a huge misconception. The new evolved man is skillful in balancing both the masculine and feminine in himself, embodying his full power.
Learning From a Superhuman. Success is any field is about lifestyle choices, not life-changing transformations. It's your daily routine that will carry you to wherever it is you want to go.
Why You're Awesome. If you find it difficult to celebrate your own achievements, you may have a tendency to sometimes be self-critical, lonely, and perhaps a little resentful. I can say this because I've lived this myself. Here are some tips to embrace your own achievements fully, without qualification.
Want to Help Heal the World? Start by Sharing Your Health Data. Ideally, precision medicine will lead to improved diagnosing and customized treatment based on personal genetics, and include a feedback loop to monitor effectiveness. UCSF already has a number of related initiatives on board.
Happiness Defined. \Grace, strength, ease, freedom. -- Ina Sahaja Yoga \A day off, with no hurried plans, and a slice of homemade strawberry
Simvastatin, Type Of Statin Drug, Could Limit Exercise Effects In Obese, Study Finds. The study included 37 people between ages 25 and 59 who all had low fitness levels and were obese. For 12 weeks, everyone
Attention Corporate America. Implement health programs
Can Tweeting Affect Our Biology?. As we Tweet, post, like, share, and pin, are our brains registering our digital frenzy and shapeshifting accordingly? Preliminary research suggests yes.
Change Your Genes With... Meditation?. It really does sound like an infomercial, doesn't it? Emerging research suggests a relationship between the practice of meditation and genetic changes.  Let's consider the evidence.
Take the 'I'm Sorry' Challenge!. By noticing how difficult it is for you to say something different than \sorry,\ you'll have taken a small step toward more personal freedom and individual expression.
Exercise or Denial? You Choose. The Centers for Disease Control (CDC) just came out with a new report.  While the CDC isn't usually known as a harbinger of uplifting news, I have to admit a certain amount of deflation upon hearing their findings that 80 percent of all Americans don't get enough exercise.
Complain to Me, Please!. Perspective is important. We should all keep in mind that our problems could be worse, and that all suffering is relative. This can help us feel less overwhelmed by our own challenges, more grateful for our many blessings, and more compelled to empathize with and help others.
GPS Guide. Feeling a little cloudy? Take a minute out of your day to find some clarity with Scott Coady's GPS Guide below. You'll be
Angelina Jolie's Decision. When I read about Angelina Jolie's announcement this week, I cringed. Nobody can second-guess Angelina Jolie's choice--it's
Alison Sweeney, The Biggest Loser Host, Talks Jillian Michael's Diet. But that doesn't mean she's ever soft -- or loses sight of her health goals
Constipation 101, Part II. Identifying a food you react to can be more challenging, since it's possible to have reactions that occur one to two days after eating something.  In addition, when we eat a food frequently, we often cannot recognize the symptoms it causes, since we're too used to them to identify them.
Healthy Lifestyle Could Lessen Effect Of Job Stress On Heart. These findings are particularly relevant given a recent survey showed just how pervasive job stress is -- eight out of 10
Health Is a Creative Process. Being aware of what's happening in the room -- paying attention to the process -- requires an intention, a willingness to be present, to show up and engage with our patients in a way that is mutually respectful.
Fecal Contamination Found In 58% Of Public Pool Samples, CDC Finds. How exactly does this bacteria get in the pool? Well, one way is exactly how you think it does -- when people have a \fecal
Doctors Doubt Nurses' Skills, Survey Finds. Nurse practitioners are staffing retail health clinics, diagnosing and treating ills from strep throat to conjunctivitis
Stress Eating. When you're experiencing stress, your impulse might be to power through, freak out, or stick your head in the sand. Bad habits such as overworking, smoking, or overeating can perpetuate the stress reaction. Here are some healthy tips on how to manage your stress before it manages you.
How One Little Comma Can Change Your Life. Life's commas are just like the ones we got used to during those mundane classroom lessons. They are a time to pause, reflect, catch our breath then move on. They aren't the end.
8 Of The Healthiest Breakfast Foods Ever. It's true, some people whip up smoothies with spinach and kale or swear by whole grains you've never tried before, or top
Skip Chemo? New Cancer Tools Allow Patients To Reconsider Harsh Cancer Treatments. \We've been really trying for years to be more precise about who needs treatment ... Now we are more able to achieve it,\ said
Updated Mercury In Fish Advice Stalled In Health Department, Frustrating Scientists. The scientists said they understood, from discussions with government officials, that the Food and Drug Administration and
Nivolumab And Yervoy, Melanoma Drugs, Harness Body's Immune System To Fight Cancer. The combination also appeared to be safe. About half of patients who got both treatments had a drug-related side effect, but
MPDL3280A. The drug, called MPDL3280A, significantly shrank tumors in 21 percent of 140 patients with advanced melanoma, lung cancer
Skin Cancer Linked With Lower Alzheimer's Risk -- But Why?. Study participants who had been diagnosed with either basal cell or squamous cell skin cancer were nearly 80 percent less
5 Amazing Benefits Of Gut Bacteria. \Our findings suggest potential strategies for using normal gut bacteria to block progression of insulin-dependent diabetes
Embrace Your Inner Scarlett O'Hara and Declare You Will Recall Your Dreams. There is nothing frivolous about a declaration. A declaration is a laser that slices through vagaries, egocentric pretenses, and societal conditioning -- all the way to the gold at the center of your heart.
The Heart of Awareness. Silence, retreat, and meditation are the main ingredients many are discovering to find and live in the heart of awareness. Silence naturally washes the noise within us.  We find inner stillness that is at the center of our heart.
After the DSM, What?. I have been arguing for many years in books like Rethinking Depression that the DSM ought to be repudiated. In recent months this idea has been gaining tremendous momentum and just recently the National Institute of Mental Health essentially repudiated the DSM.
After the Honeymoon Is Over. Taking our attention off of our partner will enable us to embody a higher level of vulnerability and encourage them to them to feel less defensive and consequently more inclined to listen to our concerns and needs with a more conciliatory attitude.
7 Ways to Create Connection With Your Partner. Connection with your partner is vital for your well-being and the well-being of the relationship. If you find that any of these suggestions are hard for you, then do some inner work to discover what is in the way.
People Who May Have Changed Your Life. CNN's Life's Work series features innovators and pioneers who are making a difference in the world of medicine. Here are
H7N9 Bird Flu Vaccine. By
Pretense and Defense of Our Skin in the Game. The world is ever smaller. Flu strains incubating in China can be in New York or LA or DC in the span of a day. This is a world in which an incurable bacterial disease, spread by a tiny insect native to Asia, decimates the citrus crop in Florida.
3 Steps Toward Making Your Dream a Reality. Do you have many dreams you'd like to make come true? If there's so much you want to do but in reality, so little time to do it, the feeling of overwhelm itself can actually hold you back from accomplishing any of your major goals.
A Meeting That Is Forever. How can such a thing be? How can we love another so deeply and then find that love and connection to be gone, nowhere to be found? I believe it's because the connection wasn't at the level of the soul.
A Mother's Strength in a Daughter's Cancer. She was my strength -- literally -- and helped bathe me just as she did 30 years ago. She was with me as I battled the nausea and fatigue from the chemo.
Cancer Messed With the Wrong B*tch. When you're diagnosed with cancer, there's all this pressure to get out and \live your life,\ and anxiety about being judged for taking life for granted now that you're staring your mortality in the face. But living life to the fullest doesn't mean the same thing for everyone.
10 Yoga Apps For Stress Relief Outside The Studio (PHOTOS). We already have apps that help us find the nearest salons, restaurants, bars and shops. So it was only a matter of time before
What Is Integrative Medicine and Why Is It Critical to Today's Healthcare Discussion?. We know that we need to begin to ask \What matters to you\ instead of \What is the matter with you?\
The Tipping Point for Tapping. This year there is a major therapeutic paradigm shift going on right before our eyes, as 2013 is the proverbial tipping point for acupuncture meridian tapping.
Depth and Breadth of Peace. You can have peace at any given moment, and you can make it reoccur, until the peace becomes constant
Be Fearless. In helping them navigate the wild world of dating, I hear their complaints, and there are many. Overwhelmingly, the biggest one from the guys is about who should pay on a date and also how to deal with people they take out who don't thank them or are seemingly ungrateful.
Do Leg Extensions Have a Place in Your Workout?. Many gym veterans can recall how doctors and other healthcare providers maligned squats and recommended leg extensions. Squats were supposed to be \bad\ for the knee and leg extensions were supposed to be \good\ for the knee.
SARS-Like Virus. RIYADH, May 14 (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia has confirmed four new cases of the SARS-like novel coronavirus in its Eastern Province
Double Mastectomy. Jolie began the process on Feb. 2, when she underwent a \nipple delay\ procedure to make sure there is no breast cancer behind
There Is Life After Loneliness. Could it be that it is in your greatest moments of loneliness, you are most called to be by yourself because there is something stirring within that seeks your undivided attention and perhaps has a message for you?
What the Buddha Might Say to Deepak Chopra. Deepak is definitely helping to create a wiser and more compassionate world through his teaching. He has what the Tibetans call ding. This is similar to confidence but more of a deep inner unshakeable confidence when you are comfortable in your own skin.
Am I Done With My Personal Work?. The emotional realm is the nexus between self and spirit. Whatever is in the way, is the way. When you stay with what might feel old, forever-stuck, hopeless, when you revisit it with a trusted and skillful partner, miracles do happen.
GPS Guide. 1. I leave the room when I\u2019ve lost my patience with someone so I don\u2019t make matters worse. I say, \u201cI need to calm down,\u201d then
400 Healthy Recipes (That Won't Break The Bank). From warm and hearty breakfasts, to light summer salads and cool sweet treats, The Greatist Team has got you covered. This
SARS-Like Virus. On Sunday, Saudi Arabia said it had had a total of 24 confirmed cases since the disease was identified last year, of whom
The Moment I Knew. What was the moment you realized you needed to de-stress? When we asked readers this question over Twitter, the responses
Anger Linked To Raised Heart Attack Risk. Bottling up emotions is thought to harm both mind and body, but a new study suggests that the opposite extreme may be no
Life Dissatisfaction Linked With Fear Of Missing Out, Study Finds. Follow Stephanie Pappas on Twitter and Google+. Follow us @livescience, Facebook & Google+. Original article on LiveScience.com
May 18-22, 166th Annual APA Conference. Over the past couple years I have stopped my clinical psychiatric practice after 35 years and have been searching for anything that will lessen the stigma and that will cause those with mental disorders to seek and receive treatment.
The Alphabet of Happiness. Happiness has many entry points. Some are simple, like appreciation, and others, like forgiveness are more complex. Today, let's look at the letter \F\ covering fun, focus and forgiveness.
The Art of Letting Go With Spring Buddha and Dogwood Tree. Today I decide to let the universe guide me with its eternal wisdom. Today I pray that I learn to let go -- even if it is just for a moment.
How I Finally Fell in Love With My Workout. Personal trainers were not quite right for me either, their rabid personalities never really meshing with mine. Specifically, their sheer enthusiasm and their love of the outdoors only served to highlight two things I fundamentally dislike
Thinking You Can Win. Are you convinced that in order to succeed at anything, you must think the right types of thoughts? As a result, do you often try to fix your thinking? If so, what you're actually doing is thwarting the success you want so badly.
Meditation In Action. Want more tips on how to make meditation part of your day? Headspace is meditation made simple, accessible and relevant to
Letting It All Hang Out. Remember, the ego is insecure, scared and immature. Standing up to it can dissolve it, as it were, or it's likely to just retreat. An unmanaged ego is likely to encourage people to lump you.
12 Ways to Stay Safe in Hospitals. By and large, doctors and nurses are well-meaning, and most of the time, the system is working well and you will get good care. However, mistakes do happen. Follow the tips above to make sure that you are safe and well during every hospital stay.
14 Must-Try Tools To Speed Recovery. The workout may be done, but the work is far from over. Whether you're checking off your first 5K or an intense strength
Gluten-Free Pet Peeves. May is Celiac Awareness Month -- and not in the \going gluten-free is totally in right now\ way. While about a third of Americans
Brain's 'Clock' Disrupted In People With Depression. In other words, Li said, the problem in depressed brains appears to be both shifting and disruption. Cycle disrupted By
Agent Orange. Dillon is a prostate cancer survivor even without the benefit of early detection and knowledge of the prostate cancer risks
The Mediterranean Diet. Characterized by ingredients such as fresh seafood, olives, legumes, soft cheeses, fresh herbs, spices, tomatoes, and a glass of red wine with dinner, the Mediterranean diet will delight anyone's taste buds.
Carresse Warren. We smile and shake hands. \Keep me posted!\ I say. \I will for sure!\ And we each go our way beneath the sunny sky, in the afternoon warmth.
Weekly Rune. The ability to change our inner story relies on our ability to see its value. In order to see its value we have to take time to understand what we're telling at present and know how we want to write it differently.
In Order to Grow, We Must Be Willing to Heal. If we want to move forward in a nurturing way, we must be willing to also look inside. Willing to go deep healing on our dysfunctional patterns and issues.
Where Ticklish Laughter Lives In The Brain. Ticklish laughter also activated parts of the brain thought to be involved in anticipation of pain, which supports the idea
Lineage. Beyond family or the culture and religion of our birth, life will lead us to discover the lineage we are a part of, the circle of kindred spirits that nourish our soul.
Restaurant Meals Have More Than Half Of Daily Recommended Calories. The new studies come on the heels of a report just published in the American Journal of Preventive Medicine, showing that
Ritual One for a Healthier and More Sustainable Life. I truly believe that in our hearts we want to be healthy, and we want our planet to live on for future generations, but reality shows that it's not that simple to achieve.
100 Great Workout Songs. We know that nothing gets you through your workout like music--a good melody to distract from the pain, a steady rhythm to
Recognize Suffering in Others. Watch and listen to those closest to you. What's hurting over there? Face it, even if you have to admit that you are one of its causes. If appropriate, ask some questions, and talk about the answers.
Emotional Regulation Strategies May Influence Anxiety, Study Finds. How you deal with both positive and negative emotions could have big implications for your mental health. Emotional regulation
Flu During Pregnancy Linked With Baby's Risk Of Developing Bipolar Disorder. \u201cThe four-fold increase seems to be a big deal, especially when you see that bipolar disorder only affects 1 percent of the
Anti-Cocaine Vaccine Successful In Primates. \The immune system learns to see cocaine as an intruder,\ Crystal said in the statement. \Once immune cells are educated
The 5 Things You Should Never Do When You Apologize. Want to know the right way to apologize -- and the wrong way? Watch this interview I did recently, and I'll give you five simple steps to apologize correctly.
The Tale of the Gold Earring. I am someone who attaches easily and strongly, never gives up, and pushes through many obstacles, even if I tire or get scared or hurt.  Perseverance comes naturally to me.  Letting go does not. And herein lies where I've gotten my biggest life lesson.
Because Love Wins. Usually, the people we're closest to and trust the most are the ones we inevitably (and most of the time, unintentionally) hurt, or are hurt by.  It's because we love them the most that they can hurt us, and it's because we trust them the most that we aren't always thinking not to offend them.
Eating Insects Could Help Combat Obesity, UN Report Says. Van Huis said barriers to enjoying dishes such as bee larvae yoghurt were psychological - in a blind test carried out by
From a Young Doctor. As we celebrate this year's Nurses Week, I am reminded of the Hippocrates saying that the goal of medicine is \to cure sometimes, to relieve often, to comfort always.\ This, too, I learn through daily example from the amazing nurses I work with.
Are You Listening to the Wrong Feedback?. One of the secrets of success is knowing which feedback to listen to, and which feedback to ignore. Here are three litmus tests to determine whether your feedback-giver is a valid source.
The Most Important Thing I Learned From My Mother. Today, I want to celebrate my mother because she taught me something so essential and enduring that it has become my greatest passion
SARS-Like Virus Can Probably Spread Person-To-Person, WHO Says. RIYADH, May 12 (Reuters) - World Health Organisation (WHO) officials said on Sunday it seemed likely a new coronavirus that
What Moms Want On Mother's Day. Here's the deal with Mother's Day
Saving the Lives of Women Worldwide. Mother's Day is a celebration of life and reflects the importance of women to their families, communities and countries. However, worldwide HIV/AIDS robs women and girls of their potential and health.
19 Reasons We're Grateful For Our Moms (PHOTOS). \Her laughter.\ -- Gail Thomas Burgess \Her unwavering faith.\ -- Linda Moore \That she is always there for me and I can
It's Not the Differences That Are the Problem. The next best thing to preventing conflict is having the skills to manage differences effectively. Most of us don't come into marriage with highly developed conflict-management skills, but these abilities can be cultivated through practice on the job.
GPS Guide. GPS Guides are our way of showing you what has relieved others' stress in the hopes that you will be able to identify solutions
Coherence Could Make Life Seem More Meaningful, Study Finds. Indeed, research shows that feeling like you have a purpose in life could actually have protective benefits for your health
Health Lessons From Mom. \No sugar-coated cereals!\ -- Christopher Kenneth Hansen \Fish is 'brain food'. Eat your carrots and tomatoes.\ -- Annie
Mother's Day Without Mom. Never an easy lesson of life, loss is experienced by all. And for those of us who have lost a loved one, certain holidays can become excruciating reminders of the persons we so dearly miss.
Mother's Day Weight Loss Success. After Weight
5 Special Ways to Say 'Thank You' to Your Mom on Mother's Day. What are you doing for Mother's Day this year? Buying a card that extols mom as someone who fed you, changed you, rocked you to sleep, and cheered you on when you were learning to walk and talk, read and write? A beautiful bouquet of flowers?
Healthy Breakfast Ideas. When it comes to eating breakfast, most experts agree
Advice From Mom. Sometimes you just need your mom -- no matter how old you are. Whether it's calling her for a soothing phone conversation
Friends Could Help Ease Pain, Boost Quality Of Life For Breast Cancer Patients. Friendship doesn't just improve survival for breast cancer patients -- it could also help ease their pain and symptoms, according
Cooking Tips Nutritionists Learned From Their Moms. More from U.S. News
Make the Offering. Moving through your day, try considering your contributions as offerings -- particularly the little things that are easy to overlook, such as the laundry, courteous driving, or saying thanks. When you relate to everyday actions as offerings, you feel an intimacy with the world.
On Wisdom. It's worth considering how we might define wisdom for ourselves. What does this look like in the context of our day-to-day life, how do we experience it and how do we know when we are and when we're not connected to our wisdom?
Mother's Day and Mother's Night. Bear in mind that during pregnancy you are actually sleeping for two. Whenever possible, sleep when your infant sleeps. Many women look at their baby's sleep time as an opportunity to catch up on their list of essential chores, tasks, and activities. Keep sleep at the top of this list.
The Most Difficult Patient. While many years of medical training made me an effective professional caregiver, I was completely unprepared to assume this role in my personal life. Despite my eight years of medical training, and three years of experience in private practice, I could not actively heal my wife.
Happy Nurses Week. Truly, nurses are everyday heroes that provide the round-the-clock care and comfort that so many patients need.  Whether it is for the elderly, the new born or the newly injured, nurses -- male and female -- deserve our highest respect for their enormous contribution to society.
FDA Approves GlaxoSmithKline And Theravance COPD Drug. By Toni Clarke Shares of Theravance were up 8.7 percent at $34.00 in midday trading on the Nasdaq. Earlier in the day they
Agapi Stassinopoulos Shares The Important Life Lessons Her Mother Taught Her On HuffPost Live (VIDEO). Moms have a special way of teaching us lessons and making them stick. For more on Mother's Day, click here. One of the most
Congressman Mark Sanford Opens Up About Meditation Practice, Buddhism. Media mogul Rupert Murdoch also recently professed to following a mindfulness practice. Murdoch tweeted about giving Transcendental
Cinnamon Is for Eating, Not Inhalation. The cinnamon challenge is nothing new, but I heard about it from my kids only a couple of years ago. The challenge
H7N9 Bird Flu Cases Declining, Health Officials Say. The CDC is in the process of developing a H7N9 flu vaccine in case it's needed. It typically takes six months to produce
Why Life Goes Faster as You Grow Older. Do you have the sense that life is speeding up the older you get? If so, you're not alone.  \nCan there be a reason for this perception? I've discovered three scientific theories that shine a little light on this mysterious experience.
Eli Lilly Lymphoma Drug, Enzastaurin, Fails In Late-Stage Trial. The drug, enzastaurin, was being tested in lymphoma patients who were at high risk of relapse following chemotherapy treatment
If I Could Turn Back Time. In the 21st century, many parents are slowing down, questioning what they've been told, and discovering that preparing themselves for having a baby can save them from a lifetime of regrets.
Trapped in the Tech Gap. The young women of Girls Who Code will be our next generation of entrepreneurs and innovators. They will create the next Facebook, and spearhead the next social movement. They will lift up their communities and they will use technology to do it.
The Silence of Summer. Summer silence stops many who never stop. The silence this time of year is just too powerful. Even those who think this is no time to slow down do find time to go slower.  The silence, afternoon clouds, and evening sunset are just too spectacular for almost everyone to ignore.
11 Easy Ways To Slow Down And Find Balance. I get upset when I catch myself rushing through life. Can you relate? Do you sit on the toilet and read your emails? If so
The NIMH Declares Independence From the DSM-5. For what we need to do in mental health research, the DSM approach is not appropriate. Even if it is still the best way to diagnose disorders and deliver treatment and knit the mental health care system together, it must begin to be supplanted by a new science-based framework.
Fast Food Still Unhealthy. With so much attention on the relationship between obesity and eating out, has the fast-food industry improved their offerings over the years? It seems that the choices today are not that much healthier, a new study says.
2 People In France Ill After Contact With Coronavirus Patient. The ARS local health authority said the two other men were in individual rooms in separate hospitals, one in Lille and the
Joy Secret Number 7. When you are excited and passionate about what you are doing, or newly in love, or serving others, your energy levels are
Breathing Tips. For more on wellness, click here. For more by Carla Ardito, click here. Did you know that the way you sit has a lot to do
To Lose and Keep Off Weight, Turn Off Your Body's 'Fat Switch'. Most people don't think about fat insects or hibernating animals when they talk about the cause of obesity, so it's refreshing to see a book that tackles obesity as a normal process that all animals have learned.
Why We 'Self-Medicate' Our Own Depression or Anxiety. The Endless Cycle When alcohol or drugs are used as our \go to\ for getting through difficult moments, managing social or
Longevity Tips From My Super-Powered Greek-American Mom. I asked my mother to share some of the wellness wisdom she's learned from a long line of long-lifers.
5 Unconscious Habits That Block Your Inner Peace. There are many different ways to attain inner peace, tranquility and serenity. Practicing meditation, affirmations and breath work are a few good ones. However, sometimes hidden blockages exist that may prevent you from attaining that inner calm you seek.
Stressful Work Environment With Low Social Support Could Raise Diabetes Risk. Work stress isn't just linked with diabetes risk -- past studies have connected it with increased risk of heart attack, as
Lack Of Sleep Blights Pupils' Education. Sleep deprivation is a significant hidden factor in lowering the achievement of school pupils, according to researchers carrying
Your Self-Concept Is Your Destiny. The simple truth is this
All for One. One after another of these young people talked about finding not just a community of understanding at Mindstream, but a new family. They reported finding confidence they never had, self-esteem they had lost. They found self-respect, and purpose, and passion.
Nicotine In Peppers, Other Plants Linked With Lower Parkinson's Risk. But \if it turns out that a small amount of nicotine is indeed somehow beneficial with respect to Parkinson disease, it is
Port Wine Birthmark Caused By Single Genetic Mutation. By
McDonald's And Subway Nutrition Can Be Equally Bad For Teens, Study Finds. Subway may seem like a healthier fast food option than McDonald's, but a recent study suggests that teenagers often consume
The Scientific 7-Minute Workout. Exercise science is a fine and intellectually fascinating thing. But sometimes you just want someone to lay out guidelines
Workout Apps That Keep Track Of Your Fitness Regimen. Summer is coming at last. Like me, you may be thinking that a few improvements to your fitness and physique might be in order
A Simple Way to Take Care of Yourself. 5) Complement, don't substitute. You know that both healthy nutrition and regular physical activity are essential for optimal
Get Grounded in Your Body Basics. Have you ever felt like all of your body conversations are just flooded with other people's opinions?  Like what diet you should be on, what cleanse worked for them, when to stop eating at night and what your waist size should be?
We Tried It. While I understand the low-impact benefits and surely appreciated the beautiful facility, I'd rather swim or spin -- separately. But there is a first time for everything!
NYC Resident Doctors Knowingly Report Wrong Causes Of Death, Study Finds. The report, which appears in Preventing Chronic Disease, shows that most -- 76.8 percent -- of those who admitted reporting
This Mother's Day, Meet a Pregnant Mom of Four With Cancer. This 36-year-old mom of four was pregnant with her fifth child when she received some extremely devastating news. Her courage is truly inspiring, and her faith and appreciation are wonderful!
How to Make Happiness Last. The good news
Sun May Lower Blood Pressure, But Skin Cancer Risk Still Looms. And while it appears that going out in the sun may have some benefit, it's important to do so safely, Stein added. \You don't
Exercise Incentives For Cheaper Insurance Works, Study Finds. \u201cThese are very exciting programs,\u201d Ehlke added, \u201cand if we continue to see many insurers developing programs like these
Common Household Chemicals Linked to Human Disease. A recent report, co-produced by the World Health Organization and the United Nations Environment Program, suggests a ban of endocrine-disrupting chemicals (EDCs) may be needed to protect the health of future generations.
Valleys. Talking about cancer can be difficult. And for many, the thought of sharing their actual feelings about cancer with those they love can feel insurmountable.
I Lost Weight. Now, I am a totally new person. Although I still have RA (it never goes away), my symptoms have improved dramatically, and
Are Eggs Killing Your Heart?. Before I could preach the benefits of eggs and slam the study, I had to make sure that this new research didn't uncover something that the previous work did not. After all, one of my biggest complaints with the health industry is that we're afraid to admit when we're wrong.
How to Manage Change and Create Abundance in Your Life. Live life with the knowledge that there is more good in the world than evil.  The small positive changes we make each day make a difference for us, for our community and for our world.
The 4 Things You Must Be Doing to Build a Life Around Your Passion. If you're like me, there's probably something in your life that you're deeply passionate about. You would love to build your life around this passion, your purpose, or your craft, but you \just can't.\
51 Healthy Greek Yogurt Recipes For Any Meal. If you've been to a grocery store's dairy aisle lately, you've probably picked up on the fact that Greek yogurt is becoming
WHO Experts To Visit Saudi Hospital Where SARS-Like Virus Spread. \One focal point of the investigation at the moment is the hemodialysis unit in the hospital,\ said WHO spokesman Gregory
More Kidney Stone Surgery, More Complications -- Especially For Women. Kidney stones cause more than 1 million people in the United States to visit a doctor each year. More than 300,000 people
Gene May Protect Against Ulcer-Causing H. Pylori Infections. Currently, getting a test for H pylori infection is quick and inexpensive. Treating H pylori ulcers can be complex, said
Fast Food Nutrition Has Barely Improved In 14 Years, Study Finds. The study does note, however, that some chains have made positive changes. Among them, McDonald's decision to cut the amount
Chef Art Smith. Art Smith, the cookbook author and former personal chef to Oprah Winfrey, Jeb Bush and others, is out with a new book -- but
Mudras for Your Health. The meaning behind the mudras is the symbolic energy we regenerate back into our body-mind. It is a non-verbal communication between the conscious mind and the subconscious mind. They are like powerful affirmations, but so much more.
7 Things Your Nails Can Tell You About Your Health. By Jene Luciani for Shape.com You spend so much time trimming, shaping, buffing and painting your nails (or having someone
When the War Comes Home. My own symptoms of post traumatic stress had faded within six months or so of coming home, and I was relieved. Then came my delayed reaction to a 10-year passage of time from the day I drove over the berm into Iraq as a soldier, sparked by that photo, and it all washed away.
Hit a Plateau? Don't Let Perfectionism Prevent You From Bursting Through It. Do you dwell on small mistakes for hours, days, or even weeks after they occur? Are you crushed when someone points out a small flaw in your work? Have you ever spent four hours fine-tuning a task that could have been completed in 10 minutes?
The Soul of Mindfulness. The benefits of mindfulness aren't all ponderous and weighty and Buddhist monk-y feeling things. It sweetens our moments, our days, our lives. Gosh, what if we lived more in soulful attunement to the exquisite preciousness of life as it presents itself moment by moment?
The Rise of Ambien. Last week, a study was released with some staggering news about the potential growth of a danger associated with prescription sleeping pills -- Ambien, in particular.
Binge Eating Disorder Becomes an Official Eating Disorder Diagnosis. Binge eating disorder (BED) is perhaps one of the most widely misunderstood mental disorders despite the fact that it affects as many as 3.5 percent of American women and 2 percent of American men.
When Healthy Eating Becomes Unhealthy. For some, restrictive eating is a short-lived stage that ricochets into a junk food rebellion. Others find their way back to the middle of the road. But for many, this so-called \healthy\ way of eating can become a true obsession and, at its most extreme, an eating disorder known as orthorexia.
Addiction, Self-Gratification or Love? How Do We Deal With Our Pain?. Ultimately, it's not my pain, it's our pain that I feel every day, and the more I love myself, God and others, the more all our pain will be healed. And the more that I live in the energy of love that you, God and I generate, the more able I am to deal with the pain I face.
Sugary Drinks Linked to Over 180,000 Deaths Worldwide. Many people mistakenly believe that as long as you are drinking fruit juice, it's healthy even though it's sweet, but this is a dangerous misconception.
Can You Eat Your Way Out of Hot Flashes?. A new study looked at the connection between hot flashes and what women eat, and offers some support for the notion that diet may help relieve these very annoying menopause symptoms.
Love Heals!. Love is a strong emotion, representing human kindness, compassion, and deep affection. Love is unselfish and benevolent. Love is pure. Love is self-directed and directed toward others.  Most importantly, love is a vital component for the health of your heart, body, mind and soul.
Seasonal Allergies Stealing Your Sleep? How To Find Relief. Since, by many accounts, this allergy season is bound to be a bad one, that's advice worth heeding. In a recent study published
Injury by CrossFit. I would thus be amiss to advise against CrossFit exercises and the associated diet, so rather, I take aim at the CrossFit structure that clearly fails in ensuring that their coaches place emphasis on long-term health and wellness, rather than simple performance metrics.
Mom Knows Best. I couldn't have been much more than 7 or 8 years old the first time I remember being recruited for a nutrition label recon mission. I may not have understood exactly why at the time, but I was scouting for the words \partially hydrogenated.\
GPS Guide. GPS Guides are our way of showing you what has relieved others' stress in the hopes that you will be able to identify solutions
5 Ways to Never Be Stressed Again. The operative word here about stress is that it is a perception, also known as a thought or point of view. There are objective stressors, to be sure. But how these affect us determines our body's stress response.
Readying for a Radiological Disaster? Preparing for Dirty Bombs, Nuclear Disaster and Other Radiological Emergencies. Disaster, especially terrorism, notwithstanding its horrific initial impact on lives and property, takes its greatest toll, over time, by destabilizing the emotional -- and thus economic -- fabric of a community, state or nation.
Do Electronic Cigarettes Really Help Smokers Quit?. Interestingly, he adds, a control group of smokers who used an e-cig without nicotine also showed a significant drop in tobacco
How to Use Yoga Wisdom at Work. I had the opportunity to interview Maren and Jamie Showkeir, authors of Yoga Wisdom at Work, an amazing new book about integrating the wisdom of yoga on the job. Here are some insights to using yoga principles beyond the mat and into your world.
Aspartame in \Milk?\. The standard-of-identity laws are there for a reason. So here is my advice for the Dairy Industry
The Hard Human Spring. Sitting on a bench in Central Park in New York City, I was watching an ancient oak whose roots were woven into massive stones. It wasn't long till I began to reflect on how those stones let the roots in and how the roots found their way into all that stone.
Sex Superbug, Antibiotic-Resistant Gonorrhea, Is Not 'Worse Than AIDS,' Experts Say. Follow Rachael Rettner @RachaelRettner. Follow MyHealthNewsDaily @MyHealth_MHND, Facebook & Google+. Originally published
Three Ways to Make Peace With Time. Whatever it is, it reminds me housework is as much meditation as anything else. It's a lovely frame for the rest of life -- disguised as a mindless, boring task that was always anything but.
FDA Considering Revamping Food Additive Rules Amid Growing Safety Concerns. Under loose regulations created more than 50 years ago to help companies avoid lengthy delays in getting food additives approved
Are Crunches The Key To Flat Abs?. The Scientist
When Pain Becomes the New Normal. 1,735 days and counting. That's how long our son, a sensitive, loving and talented 15-year-old boy, has been in the grips of debilitating, life-altering and totally consuming, neurological pain.
Interest In Qualifying For The Boston Marathon Soars. Interest in qualifying for the unparalleled race has skyrocketed, as displayed by the Google Trends graph for the search
Copper IUDs Dont Make Menstrual Cramps More Painful, Study Finds. Your IUD probably isn't making your period more painful, according to a new study in the journal Human Reproduction. Researchers
Chronic Health Conditions Cost U.S. $84 Billion In Lost Productivity, Study Finds. Of the 14 job types included in the report -- including teachers, nurses, doctors, business owners, manufacturing workers
A Dancer Battles the 'Forgotten Cancer'. Five-year survival rate
What Is the Greatest Threat to Japan's Health?. For the last 20 years, Japan has been ranked number one in the world with respect to both life expectancy and healthy life expectancy. But Japan should not be complacent simply because of its high life expectancy.
Weekly Rune. The presence of Sowilo (or Sowilu) at this time means we have persevered through hardship and truly mastered the work. Whatever has been pressing, its breakthrough and recently-revealed wisdom are lasting.
Yoga. \Taking responsibility for one's health and future is the most important part of one's own healing process. I practice this myself, and encourage students to do the same. It's not something the medical profession can give to us; it is something we have to create and maintain for ourselves.\
GPS Guide. 2. Gratitude Bonanza! Start with the biggest hoop you can find -- it'll be easier to keep it moving. Throw on your favorite
I Lost Weight. Check out more of our inspiring weight loss stories below
Low Melatonin Level Means High Risk for Diabetes?. This is the latest in a series of research breakthroughs that suggest melatonin plays an important role in metabolic functions and risk of diabetes.
Happiness Could Help You Sleep Better, Study Finds. Ong and colleagues from Arizona State University, Penn State University and the University of London conducted their study
Healthy Nuts. Weight Maintenance The 2013 review of nut health benefits found a modest improvement in overall weight, but several studies
Foodist. I would say it is unfortunate that the weight-loss pills, programs, and bonus DVDs haven't really worked out, but now that I'm a foodist, I see the failure of the dieting industry to make us thinner or healthier as one of the luckiest mess-ups of our generation.
Relaxation Gene Response. This is hardly the first study to show that relaxing has actual benefits for the physical body. A Georgetown University study
Foods To Help Headaches (VIDEO). While many people all-too-familiar with headaches know that certain foods can trigger pain, there are actually some foods
9 Steps to Change Careers and Get the Life You Want. There are two questions I get asked most frequently when I tell new people my story.  The first is, \Why did you decide to leave law?\ and the second is, \How did you make the change?\  This is the step-by-step process I used to go from recovering lawyer to happy entrepreneur.
There Is More to Stress Than We Think. Stress is making daily headlines in almost all international newspapers, online magazines, lectures, new age publications
Ira Israel. Yoga Teachers will sink or swim together.  The sooner we figure out a sustainable win-win business model regarding how to freely share the benefits of this rich tradition, the sooner we will all prosper.  Ommmmmmmmmmm.
The Experience of TEDMED 2013. So what's really the point of TEDMED? To liberate from routine and help our most innovative thinkers take chances and do things they wouldn't normally do, see things through a different lens. Innovate our way to a better future.
Could Having a Valet Be Bad for Your Heart?. What this study seems to say is that if your exercise of choice is walking, it has to be more than a stroll around the block if substantial health benefits are to be achieved.
To Be Where I Am. Is it convenient to check email anywhere, any time? Yes. Is it helpful to be able to confirm arrangements, check locations, or find someone I am meeting? Of course. But I eschew these kinds of ease for the sake of something that means more to me.
A Nurse's Muse. Now, nearly 30 years later, thoughts of Edith and her psychosis, her time with me (and my time with her) on an inpatient psychiatric unit, my attempts to understand her and care for her, have affected my work today. I struggle with this question
Raw Milk Sickened 148 In Campylobacter Outbreak Last Year. The report, which details what happened during the outbreak, said the dairy that sold the milk had a permit for selling unpasteurized
Weight Gain Tied To Personality Changes, Impulsivity. \If mind and body are intertwined, then if one changes the other should change too,\ study researcher Angelina Sutin, of
H7N9, Current Bird Flu Strain, Can't Cause Pandemic. An analysis of the genetic code of the virus shows that it has receptors that bind to the lower respiratory tract of people
Susan Sontag, William F. Buckley, Jr. and Care at the End of Life. It seems as if witnessing aggressive, life-prolonging care actually makes people more likely to want it for themselves -- even with all its miseries and ultimate failure -- than they would if they hadn't witnessed it. That's a puzzle. What might be going on?
New Test Distinguishes Physical From Emotional Pain In Brain For First Time. New research suggests physical pain may have a distinct brain \signature\ that distinguishes it from emotional hurt. In the
Becoming an Ultrarunner. I wish that I could say that becoming an ultrarunner came with some poetic philosophical realization, and I'm sure there's a lesson to be found somewhere.  But, I'm not going to dig for it.  I'm just going to take a deep breath, and keep on putting one foot in front of the other.
Confessions of a Former People-Pleaser. You're probably saying to yourself, \so what?!\ I mean, we all don't need to be loved and adored by everyone, but at one
What's the Lesson in the Story You Tell?. Want to understand and share the incidents of your life in ways that make them meaningful to others?  Nothing rings more real than sharing the stories that mark turning points in your life.
17 Powerful Bodyweight Exercises For Strength And Speed. 2. Plyo Push-Up Begin in a standard push-up position with elbows bent at 90 degrees and tucked close to the body. Now push
What Everyone Should Know About Lyme Disease. The good news is that there's a lot we can all do to stop Lyme disease before it starts or to treat it effectively. So let's get this tick-busting party started and review what we'll be exploring in today's video.
On Feeling Safe. We are all holding one another in this life. We are all keeping each other safe; and we do have the power to do that, as we are taught again and again in this life.
5 Easy Steps to Improve Your Mood. Coping with feelings of depression can be especially challenging, since when you're depressed, it's often much harder to motivate yourself to do the things you need to do to start feeling better.
What Do You Mean When You Say 'I Love You'?. The English language is very limited when it comes to words having to do with love -- we only have the one word. Having only one word can present a problem when it comes to understanding what someone is saying when they say \I love you.\
What We Resist Persists. While I truly believe that the choices we make and even the thoughts we think all matter greatly and affect the outcome of our existence,  I also believe there is also another force at work and our role is actually more of a co-creator in our own lives.
Runaway, Busy Mind? There Is a Way Home. Constantly thinking is like having a constant filter between us and the sunshine of life.  We experience life through, in between, and over our thoughts.  This shuts out the true light. We miss the direct experience.
Tending to the Tree of Life in Spring. The tree supports and centers our relationship with the earth and reminds us of our own connection to the sacred life source. In the tall and stately tree we can see a projection of our own best selves. We aspire to stand strong like the tree.
Memory, Aging, and Distraction. This research replicates previous work showing that older adults remember less and are more distractible than younger adults.  However, this work also suggests that there is a silver lining to this combination.
When It Comes to Healthier Eating, Sometimes the Smallest Changes Can Usher In the Biggest Rewards. I am suggesting you look at different areas of your life and see where there might be room for one small change. Accomplishing that change could affect the rest of your life -- and perhaps your health -- in a very positive, very beautiful way.
Millions Have Chronic Kidney Disease But Don't Know It, Study Finds. Researchers came up with the 12.5 percent number by extrapolating data on blood and urine samples from 3.689 people between
Most Men With Erectile Dysfunction Don't Get Treatment, Study Finds. As of February 2012, Viagra was covered on 65 percent of insured lives, Viagra's web site claims. The latest study -- the
Pessimism. When a research team led by psychologist Frieder Lang, Ph.D., from University of Erlangen-Nuremberg analyzed life satisfaction
Cinco De Mayo. Between the hundreds of calories in a margarita, the high fat content of just a dollop of sour cream and the ease with which
The Top 10 Workout Songs for May 2013. This month's top 10 highlights the return of several workout favorites. Here's the full list, according to a poll on Run Hundred.
How to Transform Anger Into Creativity. Don't fight, don't condemn, use the hot fire of anger and transform it into the joy of creativity. This is how you gain mastery of yourself, rather than being a victim or a bully.
Striking A Pose Above The Clouds. No wonder travelers are bent out of shape. Economy airplane seat width is usually 17 or 18 inches. The average American man's
Getting Clear on Your Purpose. Run this exercise through all the areas of your life
Mindfulness Could Help Ease War-Related PTSD Symptoms, Study Finds. \The results of our trial are encouraging for veterans trying to find help for PTSD,\ study researcher Anthony P. King, Ph.D
The Time Is Now. If time holds us captive, it simultaneously offers the key to our liberation. Our shackles belong to the past and the future. In the present moment there is no past or future that is not contingent upon our attention to exist. Learning to manage our attention is the best way to manage our relationship with time.
Your Healthy Gardening Guide. Mint. Great in tea and even in savory dishes, mint can aid digestion, and it also provides vitamins A and C. Grow tip
Better Sleep Month. The reality is we're often to blame for our own sleep deprivation -- clinging to bad habits and buying into the sleep myths that keep us perpetually tired. So, let's end this vicious cycle of misinformation and begin to feel better -- by revealing the truth behind common sleep myths.
How Much Sleep Do You Really Need? (VIDEO). If you find yourself stressing about getting eight glorious hours of sleep -- and then finding yourself unable to sleep, well
Conflict! What to Do and What Not to Do. All relationships have conflict. Conflicts are a part of life and can provide an opportunity for learning and growth -- if they are approached with caring for yourself and the other person.
Signs Of Stress (VIDEO). You are not alone. Eight out of ten adults reported feeling stressed at work this year. It's such a prevelant condition that
101 Ways to Get the Goosebumps. I gauge a good day by the number of times I get the goosebumps. Why? Because it is a sign I am listening to my spirit, being guided by her. Goosebumps are the smile of our spirits -- we can never smile enough.
Part-Time Vegan. Truly, Mark Bittman's new book Vegan Before Six is offering a way of eating that could be transformational
Healthy Breakfast Ideas. There may be no one who understands the concept that food is fuel better than fitness professionals. After all, when it's
Mediterranean Diet Lowers Cholesterol Levels Even When No Weight Loss Is Achieved, Study Finds. For more foods that could help you lower cholesterol naturally, click through the slideshow
Life Is How You See It. When you are able to see the big picture and realize what is actually going on, you will quietly and calmly become the master of your own life. Your thoughts, feelings, and behaviors will carefully calibrate themselves with clarity, peace, understanding, and truth in order to define a happy life.
The 'No Umbrella'. I've come to understand that language impacts thought, and vice versa. Without owning the word \no,\ and all the other language under what I like to think of as the \No Umbrella,\ I was denying myself the conviction and power that comes with it.
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (May 3-9). Even momentarily concentrating on healthy solutions rewires psychological patterns to receive and share healthy sexual love in the present.  Here are three meditations with the themes of sexual fascination, discrimination, and happiness for you to ponder and practice this week.
10 Reasons Why Meditation Is America's New Push-Up for the Brain. Cheers to America's new push-up for the brain! With all the scientific evidence coming in over the years, meditation is now becoming a practice that anyone from any walk of life can embrace.
Unhealthy Employees Are Killing Your Bottom Line. Instead of viewing health care coverage as something that employees use after they get sick, take a more proactive approach to keeping employees healthy -- and everyone will see more money in the coffers and less junk in their trunks.
Got Purpose?  Good Health Starts With Knowing Your Own Values. Why don't we always do what's best for us? It's a question that has long vexed health educator and behavioral specialist Vic Strecher, but he thinks he may finally have the answer.
I Lost Weight. Breaking Point
Manage Your Stress Before Your Stress Manages You. Research shows that mind-body practices have a positive effect on all systems in our body, improving quality of life, reversing the harmful effects of stress, and creating fundamental changes in the way the brain functions.
Should We Ban Smokers? Some Companies Are. I am yet to be convinced that policies such as not hiring or going as far as firing smokers is a better solution than devoting resources to helping them quit (and work).
WATCH. We can't even solve what is going on inside ourselves with hate.  In order to cultivate more love in the world, we need to cultivate it inside ourselves first... and we can't wait until everyone \out there\ changes and behaves better.
Self-Affirmation Could Boost Problem-Solving Skills When You're Stressed. Reminding yourself of your own strengths and values could help boost your problem-solving skills when you're under duress
Sleeping Too Long Could Raise Colorectal Cancer Risk For Snorers. Zhang explained the relationship
I Am a Nurse. That degree of commitment to patients happens not just during overwhelming newsworthy tragedies, but in every hospital every minute of the day. For whose life hasn't been touched by a nurse?
How to 'Be' in the Moment. When we meditate, we try to connect to that inner peace and serenity that transcends thought. For me, it's a type of stillness that feels like I am completely connected to timelessness, and that there is no beginning or end, it just \is.\  But why does that feeling have to be so temporary or elusive?
Medication Nation. Patients come into doctors' offices asking for something they've seen on TV. Big pharma's advertising blitz, coupled with its aggressive marketing to physicians (who all too often are readily seduced to prescribe), results in the ever-increasing number of prescriptions offered to patients.
America's Real Deficit Crisis. Are you busy right now? Are you already behind on what you wanted to accomplish today? Or this week? Or this year? Are you hoping this will be a short post so you can get back to the million things on your to-do list that are breathing down your neck? Okay, I'll get on with it
5 Things I've Learned in 5 Years. You can't stop believing in yourself. I used to have major problems with confidence but you have to believe in yourself because that's when you'll be at your best. If you do good, it really does boomerang back to you; maybe not right away, but it will. Be confident. Be you.
What Is Non-Judgmental Awareness, Anyway?. The key here is to bring awareness and intentionality to the moments of our lives. Be aware when the brain is automatically judging a situation or a person, and we can pause and get some perspective.
Obesity, Bias, and Bedrock. Obesity bias needs to be fixed. We are most likely to fix it when standing on a solid bedrock of understanding it at its origins. We can then replace the crude and obsolete survival-related imperatives bestowed to us in our genes, with the better angels of our nature.
Why Music, Part 9. Music is one of our most powerful gateways to connect to our spiritual nature -- our divine source -- the unseen, as well as to the universe around us and those other divine beings that inhabit it with us.
National Institute Of Mental Health To Drop DSM Use. Top 10 Controversial Psychiatric Disorders Hot Stuff? 10 Unusual Sexual Fixations Top 10 Mysteries of the Mind Copyright
American Urological Association No Longer Recommend Routine PSA Testing For Prostate Cancer. Urologists have reversed course on PSA testing for prostate cancer, no longer recommending routine testing for men. The American
The Weird, Wonderful Ways Your Pet Shows Love for You. The behavior of the companion animals we share our lives with is at times fascinating, frequently entertaining, and sometimes downright puzzling. Here are a few examples of how the furry love of your life shows affection.
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
It's Not What's Happening, It's How You Respond. One of the great teachings in spiritual life is this
Should You Try Running Backward?. My fad-loving workout partner recently started running backward, saying it was easier on his knees than running normally
Do You Have a Magnetic Personality?. The people who can capture our attention regardless of what they're doing have charisma.  Their magnetism is potent, they effortlessly make a dynamic impact.
How To Make Scrumptious Sauerkraut. This recipe is based on Sandor Katz\u2019s version of sauerkraut, or \u201ckraut-chi,\u201d though it is more like a template for cabbage
Have You Considered a 'Sleep Divorce'?. What's behind the drive to sleep separately? There are a number of reasons that couples find themselves considering separate bedrooms. Here are some of the most common.
GPS Guide. For more GPS Guides, click here. GPS Guides are our way of showing you what has relieved others' stress in the hopes that
Common Stress Relief Tricks. So how do we prevent our stress from reaching crisis level? Below, you'll find the most common ways survey respondents said
One Surprising Way to Gauge a Doctor's Quality. There is no perfect way to judge doctor quality. But that's why it's so fortunate that health care consumers have these new tools at our disposal. Closed-loop review systems are currently one of the most powerful ways to discern doctor quality.
Why Seeking Meaning Instead of Pleasure Makes You Happier. My greatest failure ended up becoming the best thing that ever happened to me.  About one year into my time in the brig, I started learning about mindfulness meditation and immediately noticed an increase in happiness.
Bipolar Disorder. As we watch how Ms. Zeta-Jones manages her illness, there may be much to learn from someone so talented -- so successful, and yet ill -- about how to not let bipolar disorder, or any mental or addictive disease, derail or destroy a life or a family.
My Downward Lifestyle. When I signed up for yoga teacher training, I knew benefits would come from it. I would get stronger and more flexible. I would make new friends, gain a better understanding of yoga and eventually be equipped to lead  a class. But I had no idea how much happier it would make me.
Want Greatness? Be a Warrior, Not a Worrier. Taking yourself beyond your limits to reach new heights goes hand in hand with knowing your boundaries, having a vision and being honest about whether you're getting there. Leading yourself to new heights is an act of greatness.
What I Believe (About You). A show of hands, please. What do you believe in? What are your values? What do you believe is at the heart of human nature? What kind of world do you want to live in?
Zolpidem, Also Known As Ambien, Linked With Sharp Increase In ER Visits, Study Finds. SAMHSA reported that taking zolpidem with other drugs can be dangerous because it makes the sedative effects of the pill
I'm Still Here. I was wrong. One year ago I left the internet. I thought it was making me unproductive. I thought it lacked meaning. I thought
Smoking And Diabetes Linked To Early Cognitive Decline. \[This shows] the need for effective smoking cessation treatments -- not only for the prevention of cancer, cardiovascular
Smoking And Diabetes Linked To Early Cognitive Decline. By Jeffrey Kopman Fatty foods and binge drinking are common young adult risk factors for heart disease, but the American
Don't Hate Me Because I'm Gluten-Free. From gluten-free Gwyneth, to the \no substitutions\ policy of farm-to-tables, to your horrible relatives who think you're faking it for attention, people who are gluten-free get a bad rap.
Are We Playing God? The Wisdom in Bringing Back What Is Gone. The essence of these verses is as relevant today as it has ever been. Do our choices enhance life for all of us? It seems to me the wisdom lies in letting the extinct stay extinct.
HIV Cure 'Within Months?' Not So Fast, Foundation For AIDS Research Warns. \Essentially, the biggest obstacle to a cure for people with HIV is that the virus lives in viral reservoirs which are not
Zithromax. \This possibility should give clinicians pause when they're considering prescribing antibacterial drugs, especially for patients
Good News About Organ Transplantation and Kidney Disease. Researchers created an artificial rat kidney in the laboratory that was then transplanted into another rat and ultimately produced urine -- a huge advance in the field of bioengineering.
Our Phones Are Getting Smarter, But Are We Getting Dumber?. Ideally, we delegate responsibility for menial tasks in order to free ourselves up to do more meaningful work.  But in the case of computers, we are turning over the tasks of life to technology in order to free ourselves to do what?
Tips for Healthy Living I Give to My Patients. There are a few fundamental principles I impart regularly to my patients, and so since I have come to see all of my readers as a regular part of my clinic family, I would like to similarly impart these principles to you.
How to Know When Acupuncture Is Working. Acupuncture can even out our moods so that we are less affected by and better equipped to manage the stressful aspects of our lives. The stress won't disappear, but if you find yourself feeling less bogged down by it, acupuncture is working for you.
Bucket List? No Thanks.. Maybe not having a list of dreams makes me a cynic. Maybe saying I only ever wanted to be a mother and an author makes me simple.  But maybe what it really means is that I know myself well and feel completely content with who I am, and where I am, today.
Hungry for Health. Though the concepts of how to stay healthy haven't changed much, there are a few universal truths that bubble to the top of the list
Free Advice May Lead Insomniacs to Make Unhelpful Changes. Cognitive Behavioral Therapy for Insomnia (CBTI) is a very effective non-pharmocological treatment for insomnia. Using CBTI, we worked with John to help decrease the sleep anxiety that had developed over the past few months.
Carnitine Confusion. Carnitine may well turn out to be the perpetrator of the \crime\ of heart disease, but it's way too early to tell. Simple, sound-bite answers to difficult questions may make us feel good, but they rarely lead to effective solutions.
Are You Reducing Your Bones While You Lose Weight?. For those who are overweight, dropping extra pounds can help restore energy, lower blood pressure cholesterol levels, and decrease stress on the bones and ligaments.  But diets may take away more than pounds. There is evidence that diets can also take away bone strength.
10,000 Steps to a Healthier You!. As I began to implement the new health and wellness plan for myself, I quickly gained confidence and realized that I could do this! The fitness plan was something I could sustain -- it was simple, in fact. All it required me to do was take 10,000 steps or more a day.
In Defense of the Women Posting All Those Weightlifting Photos. I blogged about weightlifting and grew into a community, online and off, of women and men who loved lifting heavy. My story of walking into a gym unable to do a pushup and transforming, in my mid-30s, into a record-breaking powerlifter even inspired some to take up sports or join a gym.
Helping Children With Asthma Often Means Thinking Outside the Box. For millions of children with asthma, thinking outside the box could mean the difference between staying in school and learning with friends or winding up in the emergency room.
The Backward Step. In practicing open awareness, I've found it helpful to think of existence -- the entire play of sounds and thoughts and bodies and trees -- as the foreground of life, and awareness as the background.
How to Nip Stress in the Bud. The most important work you'll do today is planning what you'll do. Here are some key strategies for staying proactive -- and one step ahead of stress.
Same Guy, Different Perspective. Your perceptions are only shaped one way -- from inside of you to outside of you. Nothing or no one can make you feel a certain way -- not another person's behavior, your environment, or circumstances.
My Interview With Daphne Oz. Daphne shares her empowering tips for creating a healthy relationship with food and will help you envision a life that's highly desirable and eminently achievable.
Overcoming Trauma With Yoga. It just so happened that the theme for the lesson was interconnectedness. We would spend the time exploring partner poses, designed to build community and interdependence within the class. I told the students that this would be a chance to lighten the load that we'd all been carrying the past few days.
Tantra and Relationship Tips. Creating a connection that is mutually satisfying is two-pronged
Is It Growing Pains or Restless Legs Syndrome?. In general, restless legs syndrome (RLS) is not described as a painful condition. Rather it is often referred to as a \creepy-crawly\ sensation, achiness, \unscratchable itch,\ \unpleasant tickle,\ \feeling of unrest,\ or \ants in the pants.\
Restaurant Survival Guide. It is possible to eat out and consume upward of 2,000 calories in just one meal. However, it is also entirely possible not to break your calorie budget and to eat healthfully while eating out.  The key is to be mindful of your food choices and to choose wisely.
May Superfoods In Season This Month. April showers bring May superfoods! Spring is in full gear (finally!) and with it come bountiful harvests of some of our
Red Meat and Eggs on Trial Again, But Jury Is Still Out. For more than half a century we were told that red meat and eggs are bad for us because they raise our cholesterol, only to find that the evidence supporting this hypothesis is weak at best. Let's not make TMAO the new cholesterol.
My Workout With Fitness Guru Richard Simmons. Richard Simmons \Sweat\ class was my fantasy exercise class -- a real full body workout, inside and out. If my abdominal muscles were not sore from laughing so much, I'd think I had been dreaming!
Added Sugars Make Up 13 Percent Of U.S. Adults' Calorie Intake, Report Shows. A recent study of added sugar consumption in kids also showed that added sugars are largely coming from foods, not drinks
White Blood Cell-Boosting Drugs Investigated By FDA As Treatments For Nuclear Radiation Exposure. She declined to comment on whether Amgen planned to participate in any future trials of Neupogen or Neulasta as treatments
The Female Athlete. Better dynamic stability via training in the pre-season will hopefully decrease the amount of ACL injuries over the next season. The key is to make certain the athlete is training properly and aware of landing correctly.
Breast Implants May Make Cancer Harder To Detect. 7 Plastic Surgery Myths Revealed 10 Do's and Don'ts to Reduce Your Risk of Cancer 5 Key Nutrients Women Need As They Age
Michael Moss, Michael Pollan Go Food Shopping, Make Lunch Together. 2. \A lot of people when they hear this term 'processed food' assume it is all the same and it is all equally bad.\ -Michael
Vaccine of Hope. \We have developed a vaccine to prevent breast cancer!\  No, you're not seeing things. These were the exact words expressed by Dr. Vincent Tuohy, immunologist at the Cleveland Clinic, who announced the development of his breakthrough breast cancer vaccine earlier this month.
The Truth About Medications During Pregnancy and Breastfeeding. \We want pregnant and breastfeeding women to have good information and to know that they are not alone and they don't have to sacrifice their wellbeing for their baby's health. We want to help them make good decisions with their health care providers.\
4 Worthless Exercises You Probably Do (And Expert-Approved Replacements). Take a second to think about your gym routine. Got it? Now, I bet you feel pretty good about the fitness moves that you've incorporated -- you're hitting the big muscle groups, and plus, these moves are so popular that they have to be effective. Right? Wrong.
Money Stress. You may not be able to control the economy or every aspect of your own finances, but you can take control of your attitude and find a great deal of power within your own mentality, integrity, and emotional intelligence.
GPS Guide. For more GPS Guides, click here. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and
Can We Predict How Stressed Out You Are From The Kind of Car You Drive?. We set up a tracking poll in February to gauge the current level of stress among the U.S. adult population on an ongoing basis. Now, as National Stress Awareness Month draws to a close, we wanted to see what our polling database could tell us about stress and its related factors.
Cicadas and Cell Phones. The FCC's overdue request for advice on how to update its standards provides a welcome chance to get rid of outmoded assumptions of current standards and provides a rallying point for those concerned with protecting brains and bodies from avoidable exposures to microwave radiation.
The Power of Relay for Life. Cancer is a fight that, while it's physically ended for me, I will continue to fight for the rest of my life as a survivor. I didn't choose to be an advocate, but I now understand that it's a gift, and I need to do more than sit at my computer and encourage others to act -- I need to act, too.
Finding the 'Bright Side Effects' of Stage 4 Cancer. If I could fight something like cancer -- and stage 4 cancer at that -- as a young adult truly just beginning to experience the blessings of my life with joy, I know you can also find the \bright side\ of your obstacles and challenges.
Work Problems. By Abigail Libers for Shape.com Got a difficult boss or a gossipy cube-mate? These expert strategies will help you save face
A Miracle Diet That Prevents Cancer?. Health experts are unanimous about the effect our diet as a whole has on health, and on cancer risk. The World Health Organization estimates that 25 percent of death burden in developed countries is due to lifestyle -- completely up to us -- risk factors.
Come All Ye Lazy Eaters, Vegetable Haters. I can't say enough about the miraculous nature of nonstarchy vegetables. They contain micronutrients that work with macronutrients to rebuild and repair your body on a cellular level. The problem is cooking and then all the chewing involved in eating the ideal 12 servings a day.
This Is 30. When I was in third grade, our class had a writing assignment called \When I am 30.\  It was an assignment meant to allow our carefree 9-year-old minds to be as imaginative as possible, creating one ideal scene after another of what our lives would be like in 20 years.
Be Fearless. For many people, going to the gym is a way of life, a necessity to feel good.  They join a gym so they can stick with a routine.  For others, though, they buy a membership, yet hardly ever go.  Fear underlies this lack of follow-through.
Why Understanding the Back Story Helps You Solve the Problem. I don't have sons. I have two daughters. I've never had to say \no\ to violent movies and video games. I've never had to explain that hands are not for hitting. Neither of my two girls ever picked up a stick and pretended it was a gun.
Reclaim Your Food Bliss. Let's close Stress Awareness Month by reclaiming our food bliss -- and therefore our health. It's clear that we must intentionally defend ourselves from the unhealthy choices that surround us in order to find peace and satisfaction.
You Are Sitting in the Middle of a Back Pain Epidemic. Prolonged sitting, like at a computer, puts a kind of chokehold on the disc, cutting off the blood supply it needs. This combination of pressure and the concurrent decrease in blood and the nutrients it carries to the discs increases the back's risk of injury.
Meditate Your Way Through Anger. Trying to eradicate anger is like trying to box with our own shadow
Don't Beat Yourself Up. It's one thing to call yourself to task for a fault, try to understand what caused it, resolve to correct it, act accordingly, and move on. This is psychologically healthy and morally accountable.
Are You Prepared for Love? 5 Ways to Prepare Yourself!. If you follow these steps, you will open the space for love.  Simultaneously, you will sharpen your character, build your confidence, discover your wants and desires, and tighten your awareness.  Sounds like a win-win to me.  Now, go prepare yourself for love!
Back Exercises For Stronger Muscles And Better Posture. More from Shape.com
Saddest Day In 5 Years Was April 15, 2013, Date Of Boston Marathon Bombings. What's going on turns out to be rather predictable, with a few major exceptions. People are sadder on Mondays and happier
Ground Turkey Study Finds More Than Half Of Samples Contaminated With Fecal Bacteria. The U.S. meat and poultry industry supports the judicious use of antibiotics. The American Meat Institute recognizes that
31 Healthy Snacks For Fruit Lovers. We all know fruit's one of those healthy food groups. But that doesn't mean we can only eat it au natural! Here are 31 fruit
Procysbi. Raptor's shares rose as much as 15.6 percent on Tuesday. WASHINGTON, April 30 (Reuters) - The U.S. Food and Drug Administration
Overwhelmed at Work? 3 Quick Steps to Feel Better Now. No matter whether you are an intern or a CEO, all of us have moments where we feel overwhelmed at work. The trick is to know what to do when you feel this way so that you can make smart decisions that are intentional and not based merely on alleviating your discomfort.
Is Your Bedroom a Sacred Space?. On a scale of 1-10, how would you rate your bedroom as a sleep-friendly environment? Have you created a sacred space exclusively used for sleep, sex and self-care? If not, here are some practical tips I've learned to turn your sleep space into the sacred space of your dreams.
HuffPost Survey Reveals Lack Of Sleep As A Major Cause Of Stress Among Americans. When it comes to how stress makes us feel, those who\u2019d recently been stressed were most likely to describe it as \u201cpressure
Sleep Disturbances May Affect Men's Fertility By Lowering Sperm Count, Study Finds. For more surprising things that can affect men's fertility, click through the slideshow
Cancer and the Dalai Lama.... Many of us cherish our lives.But the one time that I actually subconsciously cherished myself was when I had cancer.I say this because when I heard those three words that everyone dreads, I resolved in my heart to fight for me... to fight to live.
How to Lead a Life That Counts. Discovering what it takes to lead a life that counts is something that has always fascinated me. Judging from the people I've met who live with a sense of regret and hopelessness, it's obvious that we often make mistakes in the pursuit of a meaningful life. But it doesn't have to be that way.
Why We All Need a Little Magic in Our Lives. Real life can be difficult enough, being too realistic will only make you depressed. The best way to deal with reality, in my experience, is to bring as much magic to it as possible!
Patients First. I got into the health care field to save lives, and the last thing I planned on doing was to chair a committee and study process improvement. In the beginning, I asked myself how all of that ancillary activity could have anything to do with my mission and calling.
Why the First Five Pounds Are Always the Hardest. When you lose weight, you're not sacrificing, you're investing. Let's keep rolling with the money theme. Don't lose weight -- instead, gain self-confidence, better health and self-esteem. Keep the tone positive at all times.
Fed Up. Time and money are the biggest perceived obstacles to eating well. Neither is real. We have bought in to the insidious marketing messages
Success in Weight Loss, as in Life, Is a Result of Good Mental Health. Losing weight permanently is not a result of tips and diets. It is the result of learning a new way to think, establishing healthy thinking habits and behavior habits.
5 Motivational Ways to Age Backwards. You've probably heard expressions like \60 is the new 40.\  The truth is actually that anyone can roll the clock back. All you need is a motivational mindset. Then you, too, can start counting the calendar backwards at each birthday.
Believing In God Associated With Better Psychiatric Treatment Outcomes. Researchers asked the study participants about the level of their belief in God -- gauged as having \no,\ \slight,\ \moderate
3 Ways to Eat for Energy, Not Convenience. The irony is that we're in a culture in which energy is sold in tiny, expensive bottles or packaged in cellophane with an energy promise printed on the label. In fact, real food will give you real energy -- the key is making sure what you're eating isn't draining you of it.
What We Can All Learn From the Incident in Row Number 3. While crappy things happen in work and in life, it's not the events themselves that matter. It's how we handle them that make all the difference.
Jewel's Recipe For Healthy And Happy Living. More from Health.com
Feed Your Brain, Feed Your Life. Research in mindfulness has exploded exponentially over the last decade, suggesting improvements in both physical and mental health.
Yoga. Nikki Myers is an accomplished yoga therapist, addictions recovery specialist, and somatic experiencing practitioner. In 2004 she founded Yoga of 12-Step Recovery (Y12SR).
The Secret Damage to You From Being Disorganized. There are plenty of ways that our collective disorganization is inflicting secret collateral damage all around us. You might never realize it the toll of too much chaos, but the people impacted and their overall environment certainly do.
Para Usted. I exit the supermarket at dusk and there it is, beckoning me. Long have I wanted to give you a special gift, but haven't found it, until now, this jewel sliver of divine light, perfectly suspended in the deep blue early night sky.
The Fear Epidemic. Can we do something to reverse the fear epidemic?  Yes, we have two choices
Mydicar. Although drugs offer some relief, there is currently no way of restoring heart function and the prognosis for those with
You Don't See Me, But I'm in Your Hotel Room Right Now. Most blogs that people read on here are written by pundits or political analysts, but very few are written by people who scrub toilets for a living. I do. But I am also a mother, grandmother, and proud of the work I do.
Routine HIV Screening Recommended For All Adults, USPSTF Says. The CDC estimates that almost 1.2 million people in the United States are infected with HIV, yet 20 percent to 25 percent
Love Yourself Through Conscious Eating. Lovingly preparing food and cooking for yourself will increase feelings of self-worth, inner security, grounding and be a ritual to receive the love you give yourself -- the most important love in the world.
'I've Been Gifted With an Alcoholic Father'. I know what can await them, if they truly find recovery, because I have been blessed to witness the profound hero's journey that it can be.  But first, like all addicts, they have to ask for help.
Inspiration. \I turn 100 on August 5! That's something to be excited about! Thank you for your help with the hill, young man.\ As he started to walk away, I had to smile myself, because initially I had thought that I was the one doing the good deed of the day.
Joy Management. Joy management has worked for me for several years and it has helped many of my clients. It's free, it's flexible and you can tweak it any way to Sunday to make it work for you. If you stick with it, you will discover the blend of things that helps you manage your joy.
Happiness Is the Simple Things in Life. We hear this all the time
Anywhere But Here. You can't outrun grief, I'll tell you that for sure. It is an inconvenient truth if ever there was one. Is it better today than it was three years ago when I got that nightmarish, surreal phone call?
HuffPost Stress-Less Challenge, Day 14. Check out our Travel section for inspiration for your next relaxing getaway, whether it's a refreshing digital detox retreat
Sleeping With the Band. With touring comes lots of time on the road, with band and crew members trying to get some rest in between commitments.  Anywhere from eight to 10 band and crew members sleep on the bus.
Choir Singing Could Help Reduce Anxiety, Study Finds. The benefits of joining a choir could go beyond mental health, too. Norwegian researchers previously reported that participation
Create What You Love. My attitude in life is this
A Walking Playlist. I amble to work accompanied by sounds that both excite and sympathize because, let's face it, sometimes you want the soundtrack of your day to seem profound and other times you just need to know it will get better.
Take Charge of Your Serenity Stealers in 3 Powerful Steps. Positive life choices, carefully selected and added one at a time, act as powerful catalysts to bring you closer to a life that reflects your unique image of contentment.
5 Tips For A Healthy Brunch. Hash browns, Home Fries, French Fries, Tater Tots -- Eat 'Em Later The possibilities for a side of potatoes have become endless
Garden Therapy. I feel that our gardens have a special function in times of stress. Whether we're suffering from public crises or private losses, all are soothed by time in the garden.
What to Do When Bad Things Happen to Good People. We do not know why bad things happen to good people, but we can do what we can to help, and to remember that underneath those dark clouds, the sun is still shining.
Strength Training For Your Brain. \u201cBrain fitness is such a new field that people do have many misconceptions,\u201d says Alvaro Fernandez, CEO of SharpBrains.com
Acupuncturists Spill. We asked acupuncturists from around the country, what is one thing you wish all of your patients did to be healthier? Here are 12 do-it-yourself health tips that acupuncturists wish everyone would remember.
A True Fountain of Youth. Youthfulness has everything to do with how we engage life. It has everything to do with the consciousness through which we engage life. Youthfulness has everything to do with our ability consciously to engage and move with life, as it exists in process.
Sugar Cravings and a Sweetie Pie (Plus 7 Ways to Curb the Jungle Drums). Sugar cravings might be one of the most insidious downward spirals in health management. If you eat something high in refined sugar, your blood glucose level skyrockets... and then crashes.
Diagnosing The Wrong Deficit. Many theories are thrown around to explain the rise in the diagnosis and treatment of A.D.H.D. in children and adults. According
Choices in Life. Before making any major choice in life, I gift myself with time to sit and contemplate.  I bring myself into a meditative state and bring myself into the stillness of the silence.
Gratitude Practice. \Having a job still!\ -- Joann Wason-Mueller \My common sense.\ -- Tracey Scott \The nice weather and a huge garden to look
Silent Retreat. When we live our life in the limited world of thought and some feeling, is it any wonder that many do not believe there is a soul, no less know our soul for the treasure that it is?
Letting Go. and pay attention and then let it go. Now. By the end of one large file drawer and the beginning of another I am dizzy. and
Finding Your Passion in 5 Easy Steps. If you really want to figure out what it is you were born to do or be, don't go about it alone. I tell you this because this is/was key, key, key in my life experience.
Being a Grandmother. I am so blessed to have my eldest granddaughter and my other two grandchildren in my life.  I can't wait for next May when they are both standing in a temple celebrating their 13th birthdays.  Life is full of joys and sadness.  I am so lucky to be able to stand straight and feel the love.
Happiness Tips. We can make purposeful decisions and plans when we are aware of our own values instead of simply reacting to outside blandishments
How to Say 'No' to Everything Ever. We all know that we need to say \no\ about 1,000 times more than we say \yes.\ But we don't. And we pay the price, with over-cluttered calendars, over-saturated psyches, chronically-elevated stress hormones, and tightly-clenched shoulders that never quite sink away from our earlobes.
He Said, She Said 2.0. I know it can be scary to confront and follow through on difficult conversations but there is freedom on the other side of them. Here are steps to having a tough conversation with someone.
Bomb Threat 101. For the first time in my 30-plus years of teaching on a university campus, I was part of an evacuation that was not just a drill. Here are the keys to \CLICK\ that I found myself using in order to stay calm as this emergency unfolded.
Berries Benefit Brain By Clearing Toxic Protein Accumulation, Animal Study Finds. The research, presented at the Experimental Biology 2013 meeting, showed that the brains of rats that consumed berries for
5 Ways You Can Tell You're Having a Good Workout. Make the most of your time. A quality, intense workout always exceeds a long, mediocre workout. On the flip side, remember that too much of a good thing is still too much.
HuffPost Stress-Less Challenge, Day 13. How do you de-stress before bed? Send your answers to HealthyLiving@huffingtonpost.com, Tweet us @HealthyLiving or post to
Egg White Breakfast Sandwiches. But are they actually healthier? On balance, the removed yolk wasn't enough to bring down sodium, saturated fat and processed
I Lost Weight. Check out more of our inspiring weight loss stories below
On Grudges and Forgiveness. These studies show us the cost of not forgiving others can be physically taxing on us. It seems like the world appeared more daunting to our participants who had recalled an incident where they had not forgiven their perpetrator.
Perform Better, Crush Resistance and Get Sh*t Done (I Tell You How!). Don't ever say you can't, because you can. You can always make it happen at the 11th hour, just before the buzzer or when your back's against the wall.
Healthy Breakfast Ideas. Do the people giving you their sound health advice actually practice what they preach? We asked the experts themselves to
Want Less Stress and More Happiness? Get 'FAT'. Whether you want more happiness, less stress, or to build your resilience reserves, the key is to get FAT -- flexible, accurate and thorough -- about your thinking.  The ripple effects will astound you.
Clenching Your Fist Could Help Boost Memory, Study Finds. If you find yourself straining to remember the details of a dinner you attended last week, perhaps you should try making
Reclaiming Your Life After Being Diagnosed as Chronically-Ill. I wish that during those dark days, I had access to a book that so well articulated not only how I felt, but also how I could actually come to change my viewpoint. It took me years to begin a proactive path of psychological and spiritual healing.
The Evolution of Agency. Why you might never look at babies -- and aging -- in the same way.
GPS Guide. GPS Guides are our way of showing you what has relieved others' stress in the hopes that you will be able to identify solutions
5 Tips to Flourishing Relationships. Spring and summer are the quintessence of backyard barbecues, outdoor festivities, and beach bum days, which means a lot more mingling and mixing is done during these months. But increased exposure to others can also easily increase tensions.
Facebook Activity Is Reflection Of U.S. Obesity Rates, Study Finds. \The tight correlation between Facebook users' interests and obesity data suggest that this kind of social network analysis
Uncover the Source of Self-Sabotage. You can discard the beliefs that aren't helpful anymore, and rework others so that they propel you toward your greatest dreams. In the short run, you can also choose beliefs that will leave you feeling better, happier, more peaceful.
The Mystery of Who We Are. Probably the deepest inquiry in any of the spiritual traditions is the question, \Who am I?\ If we look behind the roles and images that our culture gives us, behind the ideas that we internalize from our family, who's really here?
What Makes Some People 'Lucky'?. Some people who feel lucky may not have specific insights as to why they feel that way, but there are real causes for having good or bad luck, in my opinion.
FDA Would Have Greater Authority Over Compounding Pharmacies Under Proposed Bill. \By clarifying FDA authority over high-risk compounding practices, this bill will enhance protections for patients taking
7 Stages to Permanent Weight Loss. These are the psychological stages of long-term weight loss.  I hope knowing that is helpful.  You can lose weight and keep it off.  It's a process.  It takes work.  And even though it does get easier over time, the work continues or the weight returns.
Body Worlds Pulse. Even though Body Worlds has been around for years, this latest iteration of the exhibit aims to show more the effects of city living on the body, instead of being solely a 3-D anatomy exhibit. It's meant to display the \human body as it shows its potential and its limits.\
Eve Ensler on Cancer, Her Body and 'The Body of the World'. \When I woke up from surgery and had tubes and ports coming out of me, I was just a body. When you come into your body, you become porous. There is no separation between you and the world.\
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (April 26-May 2). Even momentarily concentrating on healthy solutions rewires psychological patterns to receive and share healthy sexual love in the present.  Here are three meditations with the themes of language, rain checks, and interdependence for you to ponder and practice this week.
The Greatest Thing You'll Ever Learn. It's relationships that makes the world go round, and what fuels relationships is love. So, becoming a more loving person is a worthy goal, whether you live in a tribal community or a first world megalopolis.
Eradicating Polio. A person could do a lot with $5.5 billion in liquid assets. It's also the amount of money that global health officials want so they can enact a six-year plan to wipe polio off the face of the earth.
Welcome to My Cancer Circus. Well, my friends, that cancer circus began eight years ago today. And in my books that makes me an eight-year survivor. I feel an emotional connection with today. It's right up there with my birthday and the birthdays of my three kids.
Air Pollution Linked To Faster Rate Of Atherosclerosis, Study Finds. On average, the study participants all experienced an average increase in carotid artery thickness of 14 micrometers each
Vitamin P. We all know that techniques such as yoga and meditation can offer major health benefits by reducing stress. They're great. But did you know that the companionship of a dog can provide similar stress relief and other health benefits?
Sleep Myths. Sleeping doesn't seem like it should be all that hard. After all, humans have been sleeping for hundreds of thousands of
5 Free Apps To Make The Most Of Your Airport Delay. Few things in life can be as frustrating for business professionals as hearing over the speakers at the airport that your
Make Stress a Stranger - Go Outside!. But all of that was quieted by a simple walk through the park, according to the study, which was published in the British
Advice From a Third Grader. If you know that you are awesome, and remind yourself that you are awesome, you are sure to do more awesome things. If you doubt yourself throughout the day, just whisper a little reminder
Easily Rediscover Your Passion. Gratification comes when we are doing what we were meant to do and have passion doing it. We can achieve greater love, happiness and success in all areas of our lives when we are on a path that moves us deeply.
One Can Of Soda A Day Raises Diabetes Risk, Study Suggests. By
Shanghai Poultry Markets Are One Likely Source Of Bird Flu Virus, Study Finds. \It's not clear that markets are the source for the great majority [of infections] -- we just don't know,\ Pavia said. In
When a Dog Bites a Child. A quick eye scan will tell you all you need to know, as dogs talk in postures, not words. If you strive to be a good dog Samaritan, listen with your eyes, and respect a dog -- no matter what their people might tell you.
Recalculating. Our self-defeating emotional habits distort reality. Mindful discernment helps us distinguish between how things seem -- the 'horse' -- and how they are -- the moose.
Experimental HIV Vaccine Fails; Study Halted. CHICAGO, April 25 (Reuters) - The National Institutes of Health has halted a study testing an experimental HIV vaccine after
Griever's Gold. Memories are like gold nuggets, nuggets with sharp edges that eventually wear smooth.  During the first year or two of grief, memories may be painful, only highlighting the loved one's absence.  However, over time, a shift begins to occur.
Understanding Cancer (or At Least Part of It). Most cancer books or support groups are more like self-help books. Don't get me wrong, we all need a pep talk to move us along but sometimes we need to be in touch with reality as much as we need to dream and have hope.
Sleep Deprivation Could Impair Blood Vessel Functioning, Breathing Control. The study, presented at the Experimental Biology 2013 meeting, shows that sleep deprivation may have negative effects on
Psychopaths' Brains Aren't Wired To Show Empathy, Study Finds. Psychopaths are unable to show empathy toward others because their brains aren't wired to do so, according to a new study
The Neuroscience of Trusting Yourself. We know that the emotional center of the brain is a primary decision maker for us throughout the moments of the day. Emotional experiences (especially difficult ones); influence our snap judgments that form our perceptions and actions.
HuffPost Stress-Less Challenge, Day 11. Exercise Before A Stressor
How Nutrition Pros Cheat -- And Get Away With It. Can you cheat on your diet and still lose weight or maintain a healthy weight? Nutrition professionals say \yes,\ and we frequently cheat, ourselves. Here's what I and 10 other top nutrition pros indulge on, and how they fit these less-than-healthy treats in their diet.
Yoga Associated With Gene Expression In Immune Cells, Study Finds. And although it's long been known that yoga can reduce stress, a UCLA study also recently determined how the practice can
Genuine Surrender. I always wonder why the universe gives us these gifts when we let go. Don't we need them a tad more when we are desperately searching and in need? Perhaps it's the universe's way of teaching us the lesson of letting go.
How To Do The Perfect Squat. The Mistake
Uncomplicating Matters on the Way to Health. Getting to health doesn't need to be all that complicated. And it also doesn't need to be about \should.\ Don't pursue health because it's an obligation, or because someone says you should. Pursue health because health is a currency you can spend on living better.
Health Care Costs For Boston Marathon Amputees Add Up Over Time. The price of a new prosthetic leg can cost anywhere from $5,000 to $50,000. But even the most expensive prosthetic limbs
How to Change a Habit for Good. Besides taking a lot of blood, sweat and tears, relying on self-control to change our habits may not work so well because, well, we run out of blood, sweat and tears. When our tank is empty, that habit comes rushing back with a vengeance.
Are You an Unsung Hero?  This Is Why. When an organization (or an individual) makes a big, expensive and embarrassing mistake, it attracts loads of attention. But do you know what almost never attracts the attention it deserves? When things go the way they are supposed to.
Managing Marriage Stress Starts With Self. To keep your marriage or long-term relationship low-stress, strong and happy, it's critical to learn to manage your attitudes and emotions and lead with your heart -- from that intelligent, self-secure place inside where wisdom, intuition and understanding reside.
What Telling Our Truths Demands. I am doing this so that the public can witness the trauma that follows war. Witness.  Because this trauma is as much yours as it is ours. Witness and own it.  Witnessing breaks the isolation trauma creates.  Witnessing furthers the healing of individuals and of our society.
Created By Men, Women Now Playing Public Diet Game. One of the hazards of checking Twitter early on Saturday mornings is stumbling into a weekly online weigh-in for guys on
Gene Studies Could Point To New Alzheimer's Treatments. Insight into genes that play a key role in disrupting immune system pathways in the brains of people with Alzheimer's disease
I Lost Weight. After Weight
Can We Please Stop Stigmatizing Addiction, Recovery and Lindsay Lohan?. I realize Lindsay has not done much to convince us that she is ready to change her hard-partying lifestyle -- she allegedly
Beyond the Breasts and Straight to the Heart. Women are made up of more than just breasts, a uterus, and a pair of ovaries. There is more to women's health than the care and cure of these three vital but non-comprehensive organs. We need to look beyond, to the forgotten whole woman, who is more than a sum of her parts.
Skin Cancer May Raise Your Risk Of Other Cancers In The Future. Having non-melanoma skin cancer may increase your risk of other cancers later on, a new study suggests. According to the
FDA Develops Handheld Device, Called CD-3, To Detect Fake, Substandard Malaria Drugs. The FDA plans to roll out the device as part of a public-private partnership with a variety of organizations, including the
Don't Be Afraid To Be Fearless. We all have goals and we all have fears about achieving them, but it's how we handle those fears that determine whether or not -- and how quickly -- we get there.
Valleys. Cancer awakens our ability to experience impermanence, including our own mortality. Valleys
The Boston Marathon. The danger of opting for the storyline over a more complex and present truth is this
Mind Whispering. I sometimes see the world as one big dysfunctional family. At the collective level we can see the Us and Them dynamic at work -- unless we make the choice to join at the heart and emphasize the ways we are connected rather than the ways we are separate, revealing the natural principle of interconnectedness.
Smartphone Physical. If there's one thing I learned from seeing all the great mobile technology being developed at TEDMED, it's that these mobile health applications can not only empower doctors, but patients too. It can help people like me have a better understanding of my own health.
GPS Guide. You have the power to de-stress and recreate your life with Positive Choices -- life choices that fuel your body, mind, spirit
Use Spring Fever to Kick-Start a Healthier, Fitter 2013. Each spring gives us a present, a restorative bundle of energy that helps us shape up, innovate, and prepare for warm-weather activity. It might be the best gift you receive all year, but what do you do with it?
Daphne Oz Lost 30 Pounds, Still Loves To Eat (VIDEO). Daphne Oz would tell you she loves to eat -- and not just steamed broccoli, which might be surprising, considering her father
Gut Bacteria Implicated In Heart Attacks, Stroke. \It's very strong work,\ Dr Martin Blaser of New York University Langone Medical Center, a pioneer in studies of the microbiota
Childhood, Teen Health Habits Influence Later Stroke Risk, Study Finds. Why early life is important In the study, the researchers used a subset data from a large national study focused on finding
We're Not Going to Take It Anymore. What we eat, nutritional deficiencies, how we move (or don't move), and stress levels all impact our well-being. Here are a few simple strategies you can use to take care of the following common health problems.
Risky Meat. We decided to analyze outbreak data to answer the question
DNA Testing and Dentistry. Increasingly, DNA testing is being used on living people for health reasons, to perhaps give an insight as to what your body may hold for you in the future. And dental DNA testing is leading the way.
Most Stressed States Revealed In New Gallup Report. \Further investigation into what drives stress, how it impacts people, and ways to mitigate its effects are important, as
Normal Reactions to Abnormal Events. In the aftermath, it is important to remember that our grief is as unique as our fingerprints. Each of us will have our own normal reactions to the abnormal events that we have just witnessed.
A Conversation With My Bone Marrow on Her 10th Birthday. My bone marrow donor was an anonymous girl, so my blood has two of the same sex chromosome. I have reared my bone marrow as my child, and my only complaint is that she's a brat. She is also a prodigy, teaching herself advanced calculus when she was four.
26 Superfoods To Start Eating Today. Fruits, and veggies and whole grains, oh my! Beyond the grocery store shelves lined with less-than-healthy processed foods
Man With Hole In Stomach Helped Scientists Understand Digestion. His precise observations led him to conclude that the stomach's strong hydrochloric acid, along with a little movement, played
Stupid Cancer Nation. The 2013 Stupid Cancer Road Trip was characterized by new connections. One of the best parts about my job is observing the meaningful conversations that take place when you put a group of people affected by young adult cancer in the same room together.
Diagnostic Errors More Common In Medical Malpractice Claims Than Surgical, Medication Errors. Recently, a study from researchers at the same university found that surgical \never events\ -- those scary instances you
Doctors May Have Less Empathy, Understanding Toward Patients Who Are Overweight. Past research also shows that the more empathetic a doctor is, the better his or her patients' outcomes. A study published
American Cancer X. The one thing we have to make sure is that they don't change irreversibly. Cancer can take a lot physically.  It can only take what we allow it emotionally.  We are stronger than cancer.  Even if it takes our life, we are STILL stronger than cancer.
Losing Weight. The evidence is mounting
The 7 Ways That Women Can Reduce Stress (INFOGRAPHIC). Many of the changes that come through our ever-evolving lives create stressful moments.  Who hasn't lost sleep over worrying about an exam, a sick child or an important meeting at work, the loss of a loved one?
Four Years Later. I encourage you all to stop, really stop and take stock.  Make sure you are living with passion and passionately living.  Surround yourself with people that raise you up, that fill your life, heart and soul with passion.
College Binge Drinking Raises Heart Disease Risk, Study Finds. Younger adults (31 percent) also lead the way in claiming they \sometimes drink too much.\ Fewer middle-aged drinkers (24
Vitamin E Could Lower Heart Risks For Former Smokers. \This is a very short-term study that shows very promising effects,\ Richard Bruno, lead researcher and associate professor
Being Two. There are many times when I am so happy! Many, many people say they'd never know that I was sick. But right now, living feels like so much work. And the wait to get better keeps getting longer and longer.
Tetris May Help Adults With Lazy Eye, Study Finds. This isn't the first time video games have been fingered as possible lazy eye therapies. Research published last year in
Turning Diabetes Over to the Bionic Pancreas. The outpouring of support from the online diabetes community, having so many families and friends thank Anna for what she did and knowing she's provided important data from the trial motivated Anna to take care of her diabetes again.
The 'Wellbeing Index'. No one understood why a Santa Monica High School student killed himself one January afternoon in 2011, leaping from the roof
You Are What You Eat. As a physician, I always encourage patients to make lifestyle changes to improve their health. We aren't able to change our genetic makeup, but we should choose what we eat more carefully because the right foods may be able to prevent kidney disease.
40 Percent Of Parents Give Cough Medicine To Children Under Age 4, Going Against Recommendations. WebMD reported back in 2008 that the danger of very young children taking cough medicines meant for older kids lies in dosage
The Alphabet of Happiness -- the Letter 'E'. Whenever you have a goal, it is enthusiasm that is the fuel of your dreams. It engages your will, and lifts you past the obstacles. When your ideas align with your intention, it is your enthusiasm that makes dreams into reality, like a power plant for the soul.
World's Oldest Hamburger? McDonald's Burger From 1999 Almost Looks New (VIDEO). Whipple isn't the only one to discover this non-rotting burger phenomenon. In 2010, J. Kenji L\u00f3pez-Alt conducted a series
Tips for Surviving Allergy Season. There are a number of supplements that can help modulate how the body responds to allergens. Remember, to some degree allergies
The Problem With Your Big Goal. The reality stung for a moment. But then... I felt liberated. After all, if I couldn't be the best runner around, then I could just focus on being the best runner I could be. Knowing and accepting I'd never be the best at it actually made me free.
Why Are Terrorists So Often Young Men?. But their age and gender are perhaps so obvious, we don\u2019t consider them as factors. \A decade ago, you\u2019d read articles suggesting
Get Your Best Beach Body Ever With Interval Training. Interval training maximizes your efforts and gets you results. Your health is your wealth! Feel good, look sexy. Give me 15 minutes, and I'll get you summer body ready.
Rupert Murdoch Is Giving Transcendental Meditation A Try. LOOK
The Only Place in the Universe. I had my first spiritual experience when I was 16 years old. I was sitting up late one night having a conversation with my mother about something I can't remember, when for no apparent reason, the doors of perception opened wide.
HuffPost Stress-Less Challenge, Day 9. It's a vicious cycle
How to Fearlessly Fight Childhood Hypochondria. In this day and age of self-diagnosis via the Internet, it seems that everyone can find something wrong with themselves by conducting a simple search of symptoms online.  Sadly, even young people fall prey to this.
China Bird Flu Death Toll Rises To 22. BEIJING, April 23 (Reuters) - An elderly man in eastern China died of bird flu on Tuesday, bringing the death toll from a
Environment Interacts With Genes In Autism, Twin Study Shows. * Researchers analysed 50 sets of twins, some with autism * Autism affects 1 in 100 in Europe, up to 1 in 50 in U.S. They
Access Your Dream Career Today. When I started my business over three years ago, I had been searching for years, and then one day I got asked a special question that helped put me on the career path of my dreams.  I hope you find that this video can help you on your career journey as well!
Hookah Smoking No Less Harmful Than Cigarettes, Study Finds. \You're basically burning a charcoal briquette on top of the tobacco \u2026 and most of what you're smoking is a moist fruit preparation
Finding Digital Intimacy. I've found that checking out, taking time away from my phone rather than burying myself in it, has given me a new ability to focus on one thing at a time.
The Only Stupid Question Is the One You Keep Asking Yourself. Finding the \perfect\ new primary question isn't really the point; it isn't the end goal in itself.  It is the process of learning to ask empowering questions in the moments that we need them most, particularly in times of stress or crisis, that is the critical takeaway here.
Experimental Hepatitis C Treatment From AbbVie Cures Up To 96% Of Patients In 12 Weeks. Less-serious side effects seen in more than 10 percent of patients included headache, fatigue, nausea, insomnia and diarrhea
Community Gardens Linked With Lower Body Mass Index, Study Finds. Researchers found that people who participated in the community garden had lower BMIs than their non-gardening peers. Specifically
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
I Lost Weight. Check out more of our inspiring weight loss stories below
New Doctor-Patient Relationships. The primary issue when using the Internet as a source of medical information concerns the accuracy and validity of the material. Patients should be aware that there is no quality control mechanism or measure in place that certifies the reliability of the information presented.
1-Minute Mini-Escape. Water has a calm strength. I shot this video in Dakar, Senegal. It is beautiful coastal city with temperate weather.  Join me for this one-minute Power Living Mini-Escape. To capture its power, say the affirmation out loud.
3 Things Successful, Happy People Do Differently. You don't need a good job, a great education, lots of money or the perfect family to start implementing these ideas. The faster you start acting like a happy, successful person, the faster you'll become one.
Does Your Relationship Lack Passionate Sex? 7 Ways to Bring The Passion Back. Feeling fully seen, accepted, valued and cherished are really wonderful experiences, and these feelings can generate the kind of safety that leads to intimacy, spontaneity and aliveness in the relationship and in the bedroom.
The Power of One. I believe this troubled time calls on us to open our minds and hearts to the innumerable connections we share with others -- in our families, communities, social systems, and on our planet -- and strive to understand what it means to be human now.
6 Keys to Well-Being and Growth Relevant to Life in Today's Unpredictable World. Several practices and perspectives can help you move through self-absorption and toward the mentality, spirit and behavior that support healthy, continuous \evolution\ in your life, psychologically and spiritually.
How Old Is Your Spirit?. By meditating on your spirit, you allow for it to live in you without any resistance.  Spirit has no limitation, and if we can separate it from our age as its own form of expression, we can be surprised and delighted by its vibrancy, which can appear very young and youthful.
If Everybody Likes You, You are Doing it Wrong. If about 85 percent of the people you meet like you, you are probably doing something right. In contrast, if much more than 85 percent of the people you meet like you, you are probably doing too much to get along.
Dirty Dozen. The Dirty Dozen, part of the EWG's annual Shopper's Guide to Pesticides in Produce, is determined from a field of 48 popular
Meditation Made Simple. Enter Headspace. We often shy away from experiencing our emotions to the fullest extent. But in learning to face them with
'The Biggest Loser' At-Home Winner Gina On How She Really Lost The Weight. Danni Allen was crowned The Biggest Loser's official season 14 winner. But Gina McDonald, 48, of Hoover, Ala., took home
Healthy Fish Guide. Herring But that doesn't mean eating fish can't also be fraught with concerns. Many fish species have high levels of the
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
H7N9 Found In Northeastern China; 105 Now Sickened And 20 Dead From Bird Flu. Some bird samples have tested positive and China has culled thousands of birds and shut down some live poultry markets. (Reporting
Evil, Thy Name Is Peanut Butter. You can either laugh with me or at me. But please -- lay it on me! (Just promise you'll never go shopping for me in Amish
The Power of Compassion. I have experienced and witnessed that the only way to transmute violence, anger, and fear is with courageous love and compassion.
The Right to Life (Last Chapter). People are just living life to death. They are living it up, as it were. The health care system is tanking from keeping a
True Charisma. True charisma, in my view, is a divine grace bestowed upon all of us, because we're both human and divine. True charisma requires bringing our awareness inward. As we go deeper, we become genuinely ourselves, and as a result, more attractive to others.
How We Make Our Way. Over a lifetime, we are humbly changed by things we often don't notice along the way. We're often connected to other life we're not aware of. This piece bears witness to such connections.
Teen Births Linked With Later Obesity. The idea that its easier for a woman's body to bounce back from pregnancy when she's younger may not hold up. Being pregnant
Earth Day. Each one of us has an important role to play in protecting planet Earth and safeguarding human health. Collaboration is urgently needed across governments, NGOs, businesses, communities, and individuals to ensure a healthier planet and a greener, cleaner world.
Green Spaces Could Improve City-Dwellers' Well-Being. The well-being-boosting effect of green spaces may have to do with its ability to put people in a \zen\ mindset, suggests
Getting Knocked in the Head. Sure, challenges are great for learning and personal growth, but what if you're trying to create in the moment and you haven't had time to process what you're going through? What if it's just too damn heavy to deal with creatively? That's what I've been grappling with.
Meditate During Stress Awareness Month. If you're reading this first thing in the morning, allow this meditation to set the tone for your day. If it's later in the day and you're feeling frazzled, use these three minutes to recalibrate your day (it's never too late in the day to restart).
This Earth Day, Make Healthy Food Swaps That Are Good For You And The Planet. You've probably already adopted a number of eco-friendly behaviors that benefit your health. Maybe you keep a reusable water
Marijuana Pill May Be Better For Pain Than Smoked Form, Study Finds. However, more research is needed to confirm the results. Because the study involved healthy people, it's not clear if individuals
FDA Approved New Drug Despite Ongoing Investigation Of Lab Misconduct. Last week, ProPublica reported that the Food and Drug Administration allowed dozens of medications to stay on the market
When You Get Back in the Saddle Again, Expect to Fall. I decided to dip my toe back into the water... and belly-flopped instead. I had set myself up to fail because I had set unreasonable expectations in place.
H7N9 Death Toll In Rises To 20 In China. The WHO's China representative, Michael O'Leary, issued data on Friday showing that half of the patients analysed had had
What Should You Look for in Your Perfect Match?. Do opposites attract, as Paula Abdul once assured us in a pop song, or do you need to be similar on 19 dimensions of personality -- as eHarmony suggests -- to find the perfect match?
How To Get A Good Night's Sleep With Crohn's Disease. If You Have Anxiety If you're anxious or depressed about Crohn\u2019s and its effects on your life, try developing some basic
Ian Somerhalder, 'The Vampire Diaries' Actor, Talks Love, Social Media And Social Change With Origin Magazine (PHOTOS). For more inspiration, click here. Interviewer
How To Fix Health Problems With Exercise. Your Fitness Rx
Grow Food At Home. People celebrate Earth Day in many ways
Spiritual Spring Cleaning. After months of lethargy and holiday indulgences, we are feeling anxious to be active again. We are suddenly more alert, attentive, antsy, enthusiastic. We feel a surge of exuberance and verve. Our sap is rising, too.
8 Mindful Strategies to Release the Need to Control. Whenever we're facing an unpleasant or alarming situation, we're likely to become anxious and try to figure out what we can do instead of becoming quiet and seeking new ideas or revisiting what worked in the past.
HuffPost Stress-Less Challenge, Day 7. \Stress is bad, but one reason why stress is bad is it increases inflammation,\ said Ramsey. \There's really interesting
We Tried It. The 75-minute class took students through standing and seated poses, inversions, balancing postures and meditations -- all using an aerial hammock suspended from the two hooks attached to the ceiling.
HuffPost Stress-Less Challenge, Day 6. What form of movement or exercise do you find most de-stressing? Send your answers to HealthyLiving@huffingtonpost.com, Tweet
Fainting May Be Genetic, Study Finds. This isn't the first time fainting has been suggested to be genetic. Berkovic and his team published a study last year, also
My Downward Lifestyle Week. My yoga guides had always told me not to push or force anything, but I always tuned their words out. Even worse, I had been tuning myself out. Deep down I knew the pain I was experiencing wasn't a good thing, but I was letting what I thought to be right override what I felt to be true.
Distress, Traumatic Stress, and PTSD in the Wake of the Boston Bombing. Many people directly exposed to mass violence will have traumatic stress reactions, and such reactions may occur off and on, even years later. But these reactions should not necessarily be regarded as pathological responses or even as precursors of subsequent disorder.
Sleep Elusive For Many In Wake Of Boston Bombing. All over Boston, people are sleep-deprived this week. With nerves jangled and brutal images of Monday's bombing replaying
How to Get (And Ask For) What You Really Need. What is it we really need when we are in pain?  I believe that it is much simpler than we imagine.  We need to be heard, understood and cared about.  We need a friend to hold our pain with us, for a moment, without judgment, to hear and care about how we are, in truth.
Vulnerability To Stress May Increase Risk Of Heart Disease, Study Finds. \u201cSo mental vulnerability might describe a \u2018new dimension\u2019 when compared to the five classical risk factors, but to take this
Take Control of Your Fears, Take Control of Your Life. I guess I could have just gone home and taken it easy, as was recommended to me by most medical experts. They'd told me that my best years were far behind me; that I'd never be able to do the kind of things I once had. But I chose to not listen to all of that.
Psychological Impact Of Boston Terror Likely To Continue For Residents. That protection mode, said Diane Poole Heller, Ph.D., a trauma resolution expert, is a normal response to trauma, but can
Laughter Benefits. Overcoming any obstacle is easier with a laugh or two. Or a hundred. It cures boredom. This might be the most important one
Fast Food Ingredients. By Sunny Sea Gold for YouBeauty.com Millions of Americans eat burgers, sodas and fries every day, so you'd assume that any
GPS Guide. I like to go through the body for the fastest resurrection ever
Spiritual Nutrition for the Heart. There are so many articles written every single day about health and nutrition.  There is this diet and that diet and one philosophy after another about what to eat and when to eat it and how far apart to space meals and good fats and bad fats -- and the list goes on.
Understanding the Relationship Between Teen Sleep and Mood. Teenagers in particular may be at risk of chronic partial sleep deprivation due to changes that occur in sleep as they go through puberty. Teenagers need to sleep about nine hours, and as they get older, they tend to sleep less.
Meditation Could Help Students Get Better Grades, Study Finds. This is certainly not the first time mindfulness has been shown in a study to help with academics. A study published last
I Lost Weight. How I Gained It
GPS Guide. GPS Guides are our way of showing you what has relieved others' stress in the hopes that you will be able to identify solutions
To Fear or Not to Fear After the Boston Marathon Bombing. Aurora, Tuscon, Newtown, and now Boston. In light of so many terrorizing incidences, from a psychological standpoint, it's normal -- and healthy -- to feel fear.
Activiaism. Recently when I went to an eye doctor for floaters, a common vision problem for older people, an assistant asked me if I had ever thought of cosmetic surgery for my droopy lids.
'I Run For Boston'. In a touching show of support for what is often seen as a rival city, New York City runners lined up by the dozens outside
Running Boston. As I cross the most famous finish line in the world, they say my name. I make sure to look up at the cameras. I need to get my medal before I collapse. I am about to turn off Boylston Street, asking for directions to the Westin, where my team was meeting. Boom. I turn around and see a plume of smoke.
The Boston Marathon. The sickening attacks at the event I attended on Monday felt deeply personal to many people, for many reasons. The race was central to my recovery.
Terror Management Theory and the Boston Marathon Tragedy. Americans all feel closer to the city of Boston. Even Yankees fans can put aside their rivalry in the face of tragedy. Why do we feel closer to others in times of crisis? There is a prominent framework in social psychology called \terror management theory\ that helps us to understand this behavior.
Talking Probiotics and Women in Business With Lifeway's Julie Smolyansky. Lifeway CEO Julie Smolyansky took time out of her crazy schedule to be on the very first Interview Show at The Hideout, in Chicago, five years ago. Loved having her on again back in March and talking probiotics, women in business and how to pronounce \kefir.\
Join a CSA on Earth Day for Better, Easier Food. Luxury -- that's the word I didn't expect to come to mind when I signed up to get a weekly produce box last winter.
The Pursuit of Arete. Over the past several months, I set aside Grecian intellectualism for Grecian athleticism, giving myself completely to the life of the body, with the intention of competing in the Diamond Classic NPC Men's Physique division held here in Boca Raton, Fla.
Sober Spring Detox Challenge. Since becoming a therapist, I inspire my clients (typically not to the severity that my therapist \inspired\ me, unless it is necessary) to take a 21-day alcohol detox every year around this time.
Letting Love Win. It can be so hard to find love in our hearts, to imagine peace, to practice compassion, to have faith in a benevolent universe after terrible things happen. But for as long as we hold on to anger and fear, we add to the darkness in our own hearts and in the world.
Adrenaline, Cortisol, Norepinephrine. \Ducks walk out of a lake, flap their wings and they fly off,\ says Sood. \When you face something stressful, particularly
Worth a Drink?. Should you immediately take up drinking alcohol? Probably not. But you should remember to do other things that improve your heart health and decrease your cancer risk, like achieving and maintaining a healthy weight, exercising regularly, and eating a healthy diet.
America's New Workout for the Brain. I think the millions of Americans who exercise should be meditating before and after they jump on the treadmill. Why is this not possible? They adopted an iPod into their workout.
How to Create the Perfect Workout Day. Whether you hit the gym first thing in the morning -- or, like me, end your day with a long-distance run -- it is all too easy for us to counteract our workouts by our actions throughout the day.
Teach Yourself to Relax. You think if you stress would loosen its chokehold on you, then you could relax. But you have it backwards
Connected by Catastrophe. Why don't we go out of our way, disrupt our daily routines, and demonstrate compassion more frequently?  What is it that makes it so difficult?
Caring for Caregivers. We all know that the primary caregiver is in it for the long haul. It's hard to pace yourself when you don't know how long that's going to last or how intense the situation will get. \Take care of yourself \ is not always welcome advice.
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (April 19-25). Even momentarily concentrating on healthy solutions rewires psychological patterns to receive and share healthy sexual love in the present. Here are three meditations with the themes of virility, pace, and courtship for you to ponder and practice this week.
Treating Sleep Apnea With CPAP Could Boost Work Productivity, Study Suggests. As many as 12 million people in the U.S. have sleep apnea, according to the American Lung Association. In 2010, a study in
A Different Kind of Pilgrimage That Can Change Your Life. Instead of traveling to some remote part of the world, we seek a remote part of the self.  We seek a quiet mind, inner peace.  People of all religions and no religion are making a pilgrimage into silence. They are making a silent retreat.
5 Tips for Creating Sacred Space. Take a few minutes to bring peacefulness and healing into your home by creating sacred space. It's not hard to do and has immense rewards. If you already have a sacred space, I'd love to hear about it. If I've inspired you to create one, I'd love to know how you made it meaningful to you.
Why Everyone Deserves Palliative Care. The first principle of palliative medicine is to relieve the pain and other symptoms that burden people living with serious illness -- in short, to help people feel better.
How Do You Handle Compliments ?. It can feel unsafe and vulnerable to receive compliments and take them to heart. If we quickly return the energy, we can stay in our comfort zone and we obstruct the intimate and heart-opening growth before us.
The Scientific Study. When we feel thirsty, hungry, or tired, do we need a scientist to help us determine if those feelings are true?  No, we know these things to be true because our body is programmed to send those messages to our brain.
HuffPost Stress-Less Challenge, Day 5. Stress occurs when we need to adapt to changes, which is an inescapable part of our daily lives, according to Patricia L
How to Determine the Best Alternative Natural Sweetener. I looked at the science behind four of these popular sweeteners to determine which ones you can safely incorporate into your diet and which ones need to go the way of those nasty artificial sweeteners.
A Day in the Life of a Cancer Warrior. It is day six past my chemo session and the side effects this time are by far worse than before.  I had been told that the affects are cumulative and that each time you will feel worse, for longer, but well, quite frankly I guess I didn't want to believe it.
Sleep Apnea Symptoms. Luckily, there are a number of ways to treat sleep apnea, including simple lifestyle measures like losing weight and avoiding
Regina Benjamin TEDMED 2013. How do you de-stress after a long day? The first thing I do is take off my shoes. And I also exercise and walk, [those things
5 Things You Don't Know About Your Brain. One of the key players behind the scenes of this brain-mapping plan is Rafael Yuste, a professor of biological sciences at
The Best Gym-Free Exercises. Here's another move to achieve a lower half that may or may not remind us of a certain Sir Mix-A-Lot song. This one comes
The Boston Bombings. Emotional and psychological trauma is the direct result of very unusually stressful events that tend to fracture our sense of safety and security. These events, like the tragic bombings in Boston this week, leave us feeling vulnerable and scared.
Still Lucky. It's odd to think of my autopilot life, the one before. Working at a job I loved and navigating the daily dance of sibling warfare, homework and appointments. Then one night I looked down at my left hand. \Holy shit,\ I yelped. \You need to go to the doctor,\ John said.
George Bush Gave Me Breast Cancer. Trust me, we are all just one left turn away from tragic events.  Everyone.  Blaming people is easy.  Try to focus on what IS in your life, as opposed to what isn't.  It's a waste of time and energy to miss those who are not there.  And it's rude to those who are!!
Settle Down, It'll All Be Clear. We are not at the mercy of extraneous factors. We can empower ourselves with the tools for a healthy way of living. The old Darwinian adage \survival of the fittest\ comes to mind. However, who are the fittest in a war whereby our perception is under attack by our very own lizard brain?
H7N9 Flu. The state-run China Daily newspaper, citing an unnamed source, said the team's talks with Chinese representatives would be
The Number One Way People Screw Up Life -- Are You Making This Mistake?. There's no sense in wasting time pretending to be someone you're not so that you'll fit in with the people you don't belong with. Life is short, spend it with people who love and appreciate the real you.
Depressed or Demoralized?. A full professional workup can help to differentiate demoralization from a major depressive disorder.  Troubling moods can arise from a variety of contexts. They may indicate a major mental disorder, but could also represent reactions to life circumstances.
Boston Strong. The men and women who ran into the scene of the explosions, risking their lives to help save another, is an act that shows just how strong this community is. The ability for complete strangers to come together as one during times of crisis is something that is larger than life.
Living in New York, One Food Truck at a Time. As a future dietitian living in New York City, I think a lot about how challenging it is to make healthy eating a priority. As young people in our 20s, we have so many responsibilities and obligations that we often neglect to fuel our bodies, and subsequently our minds.
What's So Scary About Rejection?. The truth is, \no\ doesn't mean we are a bad person or doomed to failure. It's not evidence of a conspiracy against us by the fates or proof that our parents/teachers/siblings were right about us and we never will amount to anything. It just means \not yes.\  That's it. \Not yes.\
Heroes Don't Just Stand Together, They Run Together. Let us stay united. Because next year the cheers will be louder. Next year even more of the world's everyday heroes will come together to overcome those 26.2 miles. And together we can overcome this tragedy.
Patients Of Oklahoma Dentist Scott Harrington Test Positive For Hepatitis, HIV. Officials cannot be more specific about the number of patients who tested positive for HIV because of the state's confidentiality
Depression Risk Factor, Cognitive Vulnerability, Could Be Contagious, Study Suggests. Researchers found that freshmen who were randomly assigned to live with a person with high \cognitive vulnerability\ scores
Am I the Only One Who Isn't Comforted By Patton Oswalt's Essay?. I feel unsatisfied.  I don't feel soothed.  Perhaps the problem is that I don't want to be soothed?  Perhaps the idea that I might feel better tomorrow or the next day frightens me because I suspect that being soothed may simply lay the groundwork for another \shocking\ attack.
Glad It Was a Bell and Not a Bomb. My call to you, please think about encouraging mindfulness or simple techniques of awareness in your town, in your schools, in your community.
Dalai Lama 'Culture Of Compassion' Talk. \Warm-heartedness is a key factor for healthy individuals, healthy families and healthy communities,\ he told the audience
Anhydrous Ammonia. By Amir Khan Anhydrous ammonia has strict safety rules regarding its use and storage. It is explosive when mixed with air
Traffic Pollution May Hike Heart Disease Risk, Research Shows. Researchers looked at 4,238 people who lived near major roadways in Germany over a five year span. They found that as the
The Power of Time Off. This week's vlog is about the difference between Chairos and Chronos, the importance of giving yourself permission to do less (or nothing at all) and the power of taking time off.
Superbug Drugs. \The number of antibacterial compounds in phase 2 or 3 development remains alarmingly low,\ Boucher and colleagues wrote
Let Us Grieve First. So give us a brief time to cry, to grieve.  Something really bad happened.  Let us work through our emotions. Then after that, spit in the eye of fate and the madmen, be proud of our cities and our nationality, and gain revenge in normality.
GPS Guide. Celebrity Nutrition & Fitness Expert JJ Virgin is author of NY Times bestseller The Virgin Diet
Kripalu Presents Jack Kornfield. Meditation can be the doorway through which we enter into a deeper connection with the world within and around us. At the beginning of his five-day retreat at Kripalu, The Wise and Loving Heart, Jack Kornfield reflects on the benefits and blessings of meditation.
The Quest to Slay Bad Breath!. I've been away from blogging for a few months because I've been on an important quest -- to help get rid of bad breath once and for all. And I want to tell you a little about what I found in my journeys.
Bald Is Beautiful?. Women in today's society have an inherent attachment to long hair. But being a bald woman -- or even just rocking a buzz or pixie cut -- is a sign of inner strength. It defies society's expectations -- and that takes guts.
Half-Truths Keep You Stuck. Being polite often means not communicating how we really feel. We swallow the truth to keep our jobs, our friends and to maintain the peace in the family. It's likely better that way, but when it comes to figuring out next career and life moves, half-truths will keep you stuck.
Rock and Roll Frankenstein -- or How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Pop Song. Being sad was just sad, but being sad with Diana Ross via \My World Is Empty Without You\ was exhilarating and poignant.
Specific Techniques to Boost Your Mood. Here are some specific techniques to plant the seed of happiness. Do these for a period of three weeks on a consistent, structured, and continues base and check for the results. If you see they are benefiting you, make them a part of your daily life.
What Marathon Runners Can Teach Us About Coping With Suffering. Having run two marathons in the past, I know firsthand the dedication and inner fortitude it requires to train for and complete a marathon. What marathon runners know about suffering can help us all learn how to cope with this tragedy and rise above it.
Does Carnitine Really Cause Heart Disease?. The bulk of the scientific evidence indicates that carnitine is beneficial for the heart, and the conclusion circulated by the media that carnitine is harmful is unwarranted.
Dare to Be 100. We were all in shock and confused. Information was impossible to come by. It was psychedelic and eerie. What once was a celebration of the human spirit and body became a nightmare. What next? Where to go? Nobody knew.
I Lost Weight. When I was 8 years old, my dad was killed by a drunken driver. I think that's when I discovered food as comfort. My world
Breast Cancer Survival Predicted By Computer Model. By
Stress Heart Risks. More from Everyday Health
Amputating Body Parts to Stay Alive. It's bad enough living with the specter of recurrence from one form of cancer showing back up; I don't need to have to worry about another one. So, I'm electing to have my healthy breasts amputated as a preventative measure.
Hypothyroidism. Vergara revealed that she discovered her thyroid issue while at her son Manolo's doctor's appointment in 2000. The physician
Lyme Disease Rates. Most of the states that showed increases in the tick-borne disease were northern states, including most states in New England
The Mental Game. We often hear that in sports or other performance-related activities, the mental game is as important as the physical game. Fair enough. But what exactly is the mental game?
Money Managers Find Benefits From Meditation. Dalio says the practice has been useful for him, both for generating creative thought, and in evaluating and responding to
Breaking Up Doesn't Have to Be Hard to Do. Life is a collection of missteps, mistakes and misjudgments transformed to understanding. The regret of our neglected intuition turns to awareness, as we accept the lesson within the experience.
Help People Follow the Doctor's Orders. For too long, our system has been set up to focus on \sick care,\ instead of helping us all stay healthier in the first place. This needs to change and, thankfully, it has begun to.
We're All Innocent Bystanders. We are all innocent bystanders to tragedy now. Americans live in era of terrible violence, which finds us in our movie theaters and our schools and our streets full of joyful citizens. Those who do such terrible deeds seem to have forgotten what it means to be human. But we don't have to.
China Bird Flu Death Toll Rises To 16, Government Warns Infections Could Increase. \How did these people get infected? It's a mystery,\ Zeng was quoted as saying. The panic over bird flu has caused many Chinese
Ricin. The CDC reports that symptoms of ricin poisoning vary based on how it was ingested (it is poisonous whether it is inhaled
Why Worrying Does More Harm Than Good. Worry has historically played a vital role in our survival and it helps us cope with many of the challenges we face today. At the same time, worry that is too intense and too unrelenting can definitely cut down on your happiness and enjoyment of life.
Giving Comfort. Obviously, we live in violent, anxious, fragmented times. If we can't disarm our heart and root out the seeds of anger, hatred, fear and greed, we will inevitably have more senseless killing in front of us. If we don't pull together, we'll be pulled apart.
16 Ways To Make A Workout Fly By. 2. Join A Class Group fitness has come a long way since we were Sweatin' to the Oldies. There really is something for everyone
New Shades of Grey. A healthy lifestyle is a long-term process, not a short-term pledge of perfection. Therefore, I prefer to think of eating and physical activity as a pendulum instead of a yo-yo.
It Only Takes Two Days to Kick Salt. Try it! I've always been a salt lover, and have used salt liberally in my cooking. But it's increasingly clear there are
When the Memories Fade. In those moments of recollection, it appears as if her very being becomes illuminated and the damaging nature of the disorder loses its hold on her mind. In some ways, it has brought a familial gift of sorts.
No Poultry Contact In Some China Bird Flu Cases. * Chinese scientist says this was 40 pct of cases \It might be because of dust at the wet markets, it could be another animal
WATCH. For more by Sura, click here. For more on meditation, click here.
Teens Get More Than Higher Test Scores With Mindfulness Training. Kids nowadays are under a tremendous amount of stress with a push from our educational institutions and from parents to get the best grades, do the most extracurricular activities and conform to fit into the highest social circles.
Mindfulness-Based Therapies May Help Ease Stress Of Cancer Treatment. Emotional distress, in turn, can have a significant impact on the course of the illness. Depression has been shown to hasten
A Meditation on the Boston Marathon Bombing. We cannot let yesterday's attack, an assault on the essence of the human spirit, create within us fragmentation and destruction. We must continue to achieve. We must continue to come together.
Brain Injuries From Boston Bombings May Resemble Those In War Veterans, NFL Players. \One blast is really like getting multiple head injuries over a compressed period of time,\ Goldstein said, comparing each
What Can You and I Learn From the Boston Marathon?. While I'd like to think that I'd never intentionally hurt anyone, I know I have done so, more than I'll ever know.  I believe that if each of us follow Martin Richard's plea -- \no more hurting people\ -- at a whole new level, the world will be a safer place.
The Boston Marathon Tragedy. How do we wake to a new day and move forward? What do we say to ourselves, to each other, to our children? Sadly, no explanation can make sense of this mindless devastation. Nonetheless, there are some things we can do to take care of ourselves and to take care of each other.
Chick Fil-A Salads To Get 'Healthy' Revamp. The changes are designed to broaden Chick fil-A's \appeal to the crucial Millennial market,\ according to USA Today's Bruce
Caring for Our Internal Pharmacy. The world's best 'pharmacy' exists inside each and every one of us. It doesn't require us to make a lot of complex decisions, but our 'pharmacy' does have some caveats for operating well.
Innovating the Business of Healthcare. Although some progressive healthcare providers have begun to transition to digitization, enabling faster and more complete access to patient data, we still have a long way to go toward achieving seamless process and business innovation in healthcare.
The Effects of Changing Your Name. Why are some people eager to change their names, while others, like myself, are keen to hold onto who we are? It's difficult to say.
Coffee Can Help You Live Longer. If you drink coffee, I have some bad news and some good news. The bad news is that the more cups of coffee you drink, the higher your risk of dying early. The good news is that if you \risk adjust,\ then the more cups of coffee you drink, the lower your risk of dying early. Let me explain.
Do You and Your Spouse Argue Over Drinking? How to Avoid Armageddon. Over my 25 years of experience as a psychologist, I gradually came to realize that drinking may be one of the most common yet least talked about causes of marital conflict. Unfortunately, in the couples I've worked with this issue is often swept under the carpet.
What I Wish I'd Been Made Aware of When My Daughter Was Diagnosed With Autism. It is my hope, for those of you who may be at the beginning of your journey with an autistic child, that these things might help you avoid some of the many, many mistakes we made and a great deal of unnecessary pain.
Dulaglutide, Diabetes Drug, As Good As Insulin In Study. The medicine met the studies' key goal of demonstrating non-inferiority to insulin glargine, a longer-acting form of insulin
Foods That Make You Happy. The taste of beer -- without the inclusion of alcohol -- may be enough to trigger the release of a pleasure hormone, dopamine
Meningitis Outbreak. According to the documents and comments from committee members at the hearing, the FDA received a steady series of complaints
Could Antibiotics Treat Your Heart Attack?. Can we forget the medication for cholesterol and instead reach for the antibiotics to prevent heart attacks? A new study in Nature Medicine poses this interesting question.  This novel idea may not be so far-fetched!
Near the Light. Sometimes, in the midst of working through frustrations, it's possible to glimpse the truth that, though I'm frustrated, not everything is frustrating. Sometimes, in the midst of sadness, it's possible to glimpse that, though I'm sad, not everything is sad.
Stress-Less April Twitter Chat. Tuesday, April 16, is National Stress Awareness Day. All April long, we've been talking stress and tips to combat it. Yesterday
Memory Improves With Sleep, Research Shows. A recent study finds that the more we value a piece of information the more likely we\u2019ll review it during our sleep. And
Rude Awakenings. So I'm writing a new book. I haven't completely given up on the first book. After all, I have a number of people who are counting on me to write that book. But for now, my focus has to be on where my heart and soul are taking me.
Boston Marathon Runners. Still, David Yusko, a clinical psychologist who specializes in trauma and post-traumatic stress disorder at Penn Medicine
The Mother of all Health Fairs. Women have unique health concerns. So, women need to come together to demand accurate diagnosis, proper treatment and exceptional care.
When Is Stretching Not a Good Idea for Back Pain?. Most patients who develop low back pain have a vague memory that stretching is helpful for the low back and try to fix the problem by doing stretches that target that area, but sometimes, stretching can exasperate the injury and cause even more pain.
Beet Juice Could Help Lower Blood Pressure, Study Shows. Some studies have raised concerns about a possible link between nitrates and nitrites in processed meat and gastrointestinal
Allergy Myths. If the sniffles you're hearing at home or at work are any indication, it's allergy season. And, once again, it's looking
Stress-Relieving Exercises. We know that exercise can be an excellent way to relieve stress, but have you ever tried adding targeted tension-busting
What Do We Do Now?. We need to counter these horrific acts with examples of the opposite. For years I have been saying we are offering ugliness to our children in the name of entertainment and it is going to take its toll.
Boston Marathon Amputations. What kept the casualties relatively low, doctors said in interviews and briefings, was that so many doctors, nurses, emergency
Boston Marathon First Responders. Nature ought to have washed its hands of us by now, and if it hasn't yet, yesterday's blasts in Boston should have persuaded
It's Not a Rehearsal. \It's not a rehearsal\ has become a common saw, the laymen's carpe diem, a term that's become as popular as a piece of argot as \sounds like a plan.\
Why Dating Is Sometimes Like Dieting. This is a common phenomenon among both men and woman who claim that all they want is a happy relationship, and they lament that this wish is never fulfilled.
Patenting Human Genes Harms People. The Supreme Court's decision about today's case will either extend or crimp the capacity of patients, doctors, researchers and other biotechnology firms, to use information about the human body to detect and treat other illnesses in the future.
I Lost Weight. The Huffington Post publishes photographs as they are submitted to us by our readers. How I Gained It
Steven. \Can I help you find anything?\ he asks. \How 'bout the meaning of life?\ I reply. Without hesitation, he tells me, \That's two aisles over, middle shelf, in a small can!\
Re-Evaluation. I love to shop, and still sometimes harbor the secret wish that I am magically bequeathed with a gold card I can spend indefinitely and infinitely on without that ever becoming any sort of karmic shackle, but my approach to spending has changed considerably over the last year.
Growing Young. We no longer have to feel a stigma regarding aging. We should not fear it but embrace it. We cannot change it but we can celebrate it. We are forever growing young.
Plate Size Matters. A new study out of Temple University suggests that one solution to helping kids eat less is to give them smaller plates. With childhood obesity rates so high, we need effective strategies to help youngsters eat more healthfully and eat less.
Little White Lies. Being a self-confessed liar, I am interested in why we do it. I have always been interested in why people do what they do, and lying is one of those behaviors that are ever present, yet hidden in a dark corner, obscured from view.
Sinking Into a Creative Funk? Move Your Desk. I love working on the porch behind my house on Prince Edward Island because there are sheep on the farm below.
The 19 Cures For Hiccups -- And Which Hiccup Cures Work Best. Read more on Health Realizations So how do you get rid of hiccups? Though hiccups are generally harmless and usually go away
How Exercise And Other Activities Beat Back Dementia. The numbers are pretty grim
Stress Less April. [View the story \#StressLessApril Twitter Chat For National Stress Awareness Month\ on Storify]
Boston Marathon Injury Report From Brigham And Women's Chairman Of Emergency Medicine. Following two explosions near the finish line at the Boston Marathon today, Ron M. Walls, chairman of the Department of Emergency
You Can't Go Home Again, But You Can Make Yourself Your Home. You must be able to create that \home\ within yourself, and include both the old and the new, everything which made you then
H7N9 Flu Strain Still Evolving, Experts Say. Writing in the New England Journal of Medicine last week, researchers who conducted a detailed analysis of the strain's origin
Smartphone App Can Improve Weight Loss. The features of My Meal Mate are similar to My Fitness Pal and Lose It, two popular weight-loss apps in the U.S. These apps
Yoga-Finding Apps Search For Upcoming Yoga Classes Wherever You Are. By Natasha Baker Another app called GoRecess, available on the web, allows users in the United States to find and book fitness
HuffPost Stress-Less Challenge, Day 1. Stress-Less Fact Of The Day
Nurturing a Flexible Mind. In the context of mindful living, slowing down does not imply taking a vacation every other month.  It is what we must do every day. It means taking the time to do whatever we're doing. It means single-tasking rather than switching between a multitude of tasks and focusing on none of them.
3 Ways to Make a Big Life Out of Little Moments. Often we are so focused on achieving a particular goal that we don't even see the greater possibilities that come into our life. We sidestep them thinking them to be unrelated or trivial to our mission, when in reality, they offer the very insight or opportunity we need to succeed on our primary path.
What's the Right Career for You?. Choosing a career path (or changing one) is, for most of us, a confusing and anxiety-riddled experience.  Many will tell you to \follow your passion\ or \do what you love,\ but like Cal Newport argues in So Good They Can't Ignore You, this is not very useful advice.
What's In Dunkin' Donuts' New 'Glazed Donut Breakfast Sandwich?'. You may have heard, Dunkin' Donuts is offering a limited edition breakfast sandwich at a few locations in the outer Boston
Bone Health And Your Diet. You might think you're doing your best to eat for bone health by pouring some milk over your cereal in the morning. You're
Meditation Made Simple. Headspace is a project that has set out to simplify meditation, to make it bite-sized, accessible and relevant to your every
Lab-Made Rat Kidneys Raise Hope For Dialysis Patients. Ott's group used an actual kidney as its raw material, but competing labs are using 3D bioprinters to create the starting
Achilles Tendon Rupture Surgery. On Friday Kobe Bryant ruptured his Achilles tendon, the most important tendon for a jump shot.  He underwent surgery to repair his Achilles but will his jump shot be the same?  Well, that all depends on the extent of his injury.
3 Things You Need to Make Your 'New Normal' Just Plain Normal. Here's what I'm working on
Lifestyle? How About Deathstyle?. Joan showed me shapes and I chose favorites, she painted pictures of how the symbols could be used. I picked a palette of colors I love. She asked me to come to an early firing, and I put one of the pots into a tiny kiln filled with pine needles. It wasn't lost on me that there were ashes involved.
My Downward Lifestyle. We've all been there. Those moments of boredom, exhaustion or sadness when we reach for a slice of cake or a bag of chips because they're there, we're craving a sugar rush or we think they'll make us feel better. Try as we might, maintaining a healthy diet is difficult for most Americans.
The Healthy Foods This Nutritionist Eats Every Day. Gobbling up different types of nutrients each day helps optimize wellness, and offers more head to toe protection against
Egg White Protein May Help Lower Blood Pressure. Eating egg whites has also been linked to better control of blood sugar for diabetics and lower cholesterol. A compound in
I'm So in Love -- Or Am I? 10 Experiences That Signal You Are in Love. \How do I know when I'm really in love?\ \What does it mean to be in love?\ \I think I'm in love, but then I have doubts.\ Such a big question! And we all wish there was an easy answer -- a formula we could follow to determine if we are in love.
Energy to Fulfill Your Purpose. Put very simply, when you are following your heart and doing what you love to do, it's not called work. Keep your purpose at the forefront and connect each and every action to that purpose.
Stress Quotes. With yoga and Transcendental Meditation becoming popular Hollywood trends, more and more stars are opening up about what
Your Life Wake-Up Call. It's time to become more present.  Love your life, love who you are, accept yourself for what you are.  And you'll be there right now.  You won't be looking at the perpetual treadmill of \eventually\s.
Sleep Apnea Patients More Likely To Fail Simulated Driving Test, Study Says. The study, conducted by researchers from the the University Hospital in Leeds and presented at the Sleep And Breathing Conference
The Realization That Changed My Outlook on Life. No two people deal with stres the same -- and as I'm seeing now -- and many people don't deal at all. And you know what? It's all good. I believe we all get where we need to go eventually.
The Human Spirit. Each of us struggles with limitation in a very personal way. Without limitation, we would have no individuation. Humanity would be a canvas of even monochromatic brushstrokes.
Art of Attention. To me, meditation is when I'm seeing most clearly. It's my time to release back into myself, to feel the impressions of my recent actions, and dream the future into clearer focus. When I'm feeling overwhelmed, meditation brings me back to my confidence, breath by breath.
Healthy Breakfast Ideas. They don't call it the most important meal of the day for nothing! Breakfast -- when done right -- can set the tone for a
NHL Wakes Up to Sleep Problems. The professional sports world appears to be continuing to turn more of its attention to what has been a much-overlooked issue
All You Need Is Love -- of Self!. Having self-love makes you more resilient and able to bounce back from a stumble.  It really is the cornerstone to allowing your dreams to come alive, to attracting healthy relationships, and to living a full life.
You Are Not Stuck! 8 Steps to Feeling Momentum. You can get unstuck. It won't be easy, but the difficulty and trial of this process is the journey that separates the stuck from the unstuck in life.
French Women Don't Work Out. I work out. I rarely eat baguettes, cheese or chocolate (except when on assignment -- I'm a food writer). And like many women, I like to fit into a small pair of jeans. But I wanted it both ways when I spent a week in Paris with two girlfriends last summer.
Why Gardening Is Good for Your Skin. Community gardens have been shown to improve a neighborhood's quality of life, offering a number of environmental, health, and cultural benefits, but did you know that they can also contribute to better-looking skin? Here are the top ways gardens can help skin glow.
I Lost Weight. For more on weight loss, click here. After Weight
Be Your Own (Emotional) Vitamin. I had to stop taking my vitamins and allow my emotional self to \remember\ how to love myself and validate who I am inside. I had to take the courageous steps to come up with my own antioxidant recipe that would fuel me to thrive.
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (April 12-18). Even momentarily concentrating on healthy solutions rewires psychological patterns to receive and share healthy sexual love in the present.  Here are three meditations with the themes of sexuality, grief, and respect for you to ponder and practice this week.
Mindfulness Meditation. As yoga studios and meditation centers pop up on nearly every city block and mindfulness practices make their way into some
The Dark Side of Perfectionism. Do you find that setting standards too high by trying to do things too perfectly is a source of stress for you?  While doing your best is certainly a virtue, perfectionism -- that is, settling for nothing less than perfect -- has a major down side.
Patients More Likely To Practice Preventive Behaviors If Doctors Do Them Too, Study Finds. The study included 1,488 doctors and 1,886,791 patients who were part of the Clalit Health Services health care organization
GPS Guide. GPS Guides are our way of showing you what has relieved others' stress in the hopes that you will be able to identify solutions
Alzheimer's Caregivers. Caregivers need to find ways to decrease their stress levels in order to remain physically healthy and maintain their emotional welfare. Getting outdoors and taking a walk every day can be a great way to reduce stress.
Want Inner Fitness?. In all your years of schooling from kindergarten to whatever year you completed, did you ever take one course that taught you how to navigate the hurts, dramas, traumas, upsets and disappointments that come with life?
The Squawk Heard 'Round the World. My mind settled down by the time the flight attendant announced our arrival in Boston, at which point it dawned on me that Philippa was exhibiting three great human qualities
Do Cells Have an IP Address Yet?. Growth in this field, like anything else in medicine in the 21st century, will need to be not only through adoption by the e-patient, but also via tech-savvy health care providers.
Yoga Project Changes Lives In Nairobi's Slums. On a rooftop in a Kenyan slum, a group of people are doing yoga poses. Yoga has been introduced to them as a way to help
DMAA, Ingredient In Some Dietary Supplements, Is Illegal And Dangerous, FDA Says. Despite these previous investigations, this is the first time the FDA is directly warning consumers about the hazards of
The Truth. It's nice to know what you want and having goals gives you a sense of direction and purpose. However, there is one way that your hopes and dreams actually sabotage you from becoming better
10 Top Tips for Establishing a Daily Meditation Practice. Training the mind, meditating, being mindful, or whatever else we choose to call it only works if we actively engage with it. More than that, it only works if we practice it regularly, preferably on a daily basis with a considered, gentle discipline.
Mindful Lessons From a 10-Day Cleanse. A 10-day cleanse?  I've been teaching and guiding mindfulness in eating workshops for three years now, and yet have fallen short on applying these techniques to my own life and family. It seemed high time to tackle not one but two large goals at once!
Love What You Do. Most of us are gambling on the biggest risk of all
Opinion Stew. We have created a seething stew of opinion about everything to do with nutrition, including, presumably, stew.  That leaves us with far too many cooks, many lacking credentials to be in the kitchen in the first place.
Heathrow Airport Night Flights 'Disturb Sleep And Should Stop'. Overnight flights which disturb Londoners' sleep should be stopped or reduced, the London Assembly has said. Read more on
The Anatomy of Hope. On those days when nothing seems possible, we have to believe in ourselves and ultimately in the temporary nature of our discontent. And with a little effort, and a practiced approach, we can find our way past our own stumbling blocks and make our way to the possibilities that hope offers.
Talk It Out Before You Walk Out. It really does matter how we exit our relationships. If we get into unhealthy patterns of throwing people away, or cutting them off without so much as a word, we damage ourselves. And we damage other people who were simply caught being human.
Breathing Tips. Don't be discouraged if it takes time to access release through breathing; it will happen eventually, and it is an invaluable tool for de-stressing. Making these connections between breath and body heightens sensitivity and prompts us to take better care of ourselves.
Beating the Cancer Bully. I made my cancer personal.  To me, my cancer was my bully. Before I started treatment, it beat me senseless on a daily basis.
Why Music, Part 8. I see music as an essential component for the conscious awakening of the human race and the well-being of our planet. Music can help us as individuals to better cope with these external challenges and inspire us as a global community to come together in a more harmonious fashion.
Is Heaven a Haven?. When our broken bodies and brains depart Earth for the dimension we designate as heaven, could this be comparable to sending a totally totaled automobile back to the factory for restoration rather than to rot in a a grave/junkyard?
Cancer Control. Here is your cancer control plan. Think of this as your cancer insurance policy. Practice prevention and take steps to ensure early detection.
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Stressed? Stories and Remedies From One Who's Living It. Life is a continuous discovery and adventure. How we choose to deal with each circumstance is up to us. We can choose to recognize and let go of unhealthy stress. May you always live knowing that indeed at all times we have a choice. Your good health, happiness and life depend on it!
Got Insomnia?. Aromatherapy is one of the many enjoyable, safe and natural ways to relax your body for a good night's sleep. Rub a few drops of essential lavender oil on your feet before going to sleep.
101 Simple Pleasures to Boost Happiness. The smiley yellow balloon inspired me to come up with a list of 101 simple pleasures that might make you smile or will perhaps spark other ideas of your own. Of course, simple pleasures aren't universal, so one person's pleasures won't necessarily bring the same boost of happiness to others. But the possibilities are limitless.
7 Tips to Beat Tennis Elbow. Tennis elbow, or \lateral epicondylitis,\ is a misnomer. It usually results from daily repetitive overuse from gym exercise or too many hours at the keyboard. Most cases of tennis elbow will self-resolve within two years, but these seven tips can help speed the process.
Intermittent Fasting. In this context, a fasting diet would be inappropriate, according to Cypess, who says that those who take certain medications
3 Easy Steps to Avoid Weight Gain During This Tax Season. The relationship between stress and weight gain is a complex one. Part of this relationship involves the interruption of your usual healthy eating patterns when you throw your routines aside in response to a crisis situation -- like tax season.
The Ins and Outs of a Spring Cleaning Detox. Desperate, I called my health coach (and mom!), Suzanne, for tips on how to do a quick detox -- a simple way to gently get myself back on track. What follows are Suzanne's basic tips for cleaning up the system and getting ready for summer.
Overweight Can Leave You Underpaid. It's official. The United States is switching from getting well to staying well. And the reason for this sudden burst of transformation
Vintage Workouts. Your running shoes might be high-tech and neon colored, your spinning bike state-of-the-art and your jumping rope routine
Wheelchair Wisdom. This was the reality of the situation. This was the truth of the here and now. I couldn't be with him out there on the dance floor, so I had to reframe the situation and enjoy the experience in a completely different way.
H7N9 Vaccine. (Reporting by Julie Steenhuysen; Editing by Douglas Royalty and Lisa Shumaker) It was an idea born in the aftermath of the
How to Aim High. Walking along the straight and narrow, a step at a time, won't get you where you really want to go. Satisfying as it is to complete the \to do\ list, it's not enough.  Aiming high means exactly that -- look up, grab your magic wand, and imagine your life five years from now.
Drink Size Limits Could Backfire, Study Suggests. The study was limited in that the participants did not order actual drinks, nor did they have to pay for the drinks. \When
Higher Obesity Rates Linked to Lower Incomes in U.S., New Report Finds. The poll also looked at what percentage of residents said they have enough money to buy food at all times, and have enough
Doctors Online Etiquette. Doctors should not \friend\ patients on Facebook, should text them with \extreme caution\ and should use e-mail only with
Exercise As Good As Massage For Sore Muscles. The aches and pains people suffer after working out more than usual can be relieved just as well by exercise as by massage
Panda Express To Sub Brown Rice For White In Fried Rice Nationwide. Plain white rice is a healthier choice than fried brown rice, Thayer said, but she worries that consumers won't pick up on
Revealed. Because you're human, it's normal to formulate opinions based on information you've accumulated up until the present moment. It's natural and necessary in certain situations -- but not when it comes to your life and who you are.
Why Weight Loss Is A Social Activity. \I'm doing this for me\ is a powerful mantra, but individuality isn't always a help when it comes to weight loss. According
The Positive Psychological Effects of Prayer. Prayer is the practice of connecting to something deeper and more meaningful in life.  It is rooted in a sense of spirituality.
Luxury Problems. I have come to understand that our petty issues do not leave permanently, but that we can joke them away or use them as fodder for compassionate introspection.
Fat Heart. [H/T iwastesomuchtime] As Rebel Wilson's character Fat Amy put it in Pitch Perfect
Meditation. You don't have to listen to hippie music or burn incense.  You don't need a meditation space. Make the world your meditation space. Make your desk, the free throw line, the jog out in the park your meditation space.
The Misunderstood Face of Giftedness. Contrary to common stereotypes, giftedness is not synonymous with high academic achievement. The gifted student archetype, while expected to be a mature classroom leader, does not fit all gifted students.
I Lost Weight. Breaking Point
Valleys. Each cancer story begins with a diagnosis, but after that each individual's story ebbs and flows like the twists and turns of a mighty river. The participants are swept along, never knowing what they will encounter around the next bend. In Valleys, this metaphor is made literal.
Solar Sex Panels and Heart Disease. Until association is replaced by causation -- i.e., treating balding is shown to lower the risk of heart disease -- I'll continue to consider my male pattern hair loss to be a cosmetic issue, and a receding one at that.
The Best And Worst Food For Allergies. In those with allergies, the immune system overreacts to any typically-harmless trigger, like pollen. This allergen is mistaken
I'm Not Fat, I'm Sleep-Deprived!. At the moment, I am in debt. Sleep debt. And I am not alone.
Let Them Eat Cake!. Were you outraged by the school's denying kids lunch? Do you think the school should have done more to make up for this?
A Great Clairvoyant. It was like asking a friendly soul for directions. Even though you are on the right track it feels uplifting to affirm just that. The next steps become lighter because all doubt is washed away. The course is clear, and in many ways you just need to enjoy the journey.
Finding Your Potency. Movement mastery is important. Why? Whatever your goals are with exercising, you will not be able to accomplish them if you become injured or are unable to move freely and efficiently.
Quick Tips to Bring Mindfulness Into Your Busy Day. Mindfulness and meditation allow full-body, full-mind and full-spirit experiences. An hour a day or a minute a day -- it and you can improve the world, one connected thought at a time.
Never Waste a Good Trigger. We can use emotional and physical triggers to lead us onto a path of discovery. The unwinding and healing of the trauma trail has many steps.\u00a0Each step taken is an act of power, which also builds self-respect.
How Long Will You Live? Pee in a Cup to Find Out. While protein in the urine has long been an indicator of kidney damage, this recent study, examining men and women between the ages of 30 and 85, for the first time showed a link between mild and heavy amounts of protein in the urine and shorter life spans.
Dara Torres. What could possibly be stressful about competing as an Olympic athlete, delivering motivational speeches around the country
Tips For A Healthier Vacation. By Danielle McNally for Shape.com Take home memories -- not a cold or extra pounds -- with these tips for staying healthy
'The Overnight Diet'. \I keep waiting for us to get tired of going after the new fad diet. But our appetite for these things is insatiable in the
Walken in the Jungle. The anatomy of yoga teaches us that a lot of our emotions are held in our hips, and perhaps this is the reason why I'm walking quickly, to make sure that nothing will settle, or open up, or release, for too long. I suppose that several years of living in New York, coupled with my inherited biological traits, have programmed me to believe that I must always look like I'm going somewhere, and in a hurry, even when I'm not.
Giving a Big Fat Finger to Cancer. Once you've been diagnosed with breast cancer, the word \worry\ takes on a life of its own. You worry about the treatment working, the cancer coming back, the cancer spreading, how you're supposed to live a \normal\ life. You worry. But you live. Because you have to.
Please Don't Envy Me. We forget. We forget that there is something greater that dwells amidst the accolades, the trips and the fancy meals -- the every day of life. This understanding has become lost as social networking sites become our primary source of communication. We deliberately try to set ourselves apart, to be seen, to be happier than the update before us.
Want to Quit Smoking? Move to a Deserted Island -- for the Rest of Your Life. So being dropped on a deserted island may help you quit, but you may have to be ready to stay there . . . permanently.
What Are The Best Cities For Runners?. When I travel, I like to bring my shoes with me and sneak in a run during my free time. What U.S. cities have the best, most
Eat Fish and Keep Your Mood Afloat. There's a very good reason to eat fish two times this week, and it's not just because it's a healthy, lean protein that's lower in calories and saturated fats than other meats.
GlaxoSmithKline Is Offering $1 Million To Jump-Start 'Electroceuticals' Research. Exploiting the potential of the new field will involve combining skills from biology, computing, material science and nanotechnology
In All Undue Seriousness. Thank goodness we've been able to laugh, because the perspective of humor has given us cheerfulness in the face of challenge, has made us more flexible and resilient, and it's given us the courage to face life and make necessary changes.
Bless This Mess. As I contemplate possible outcomes of certain life-altering scenarios playing out currently in the theater of my ego mind, I have choices.
The Repairer. I have had an exceptionally powerful arrival into what a broken-less life can be, but it was only made possible by transforming the piece within me that needed to realize I was never truly broken in the first place.
Green Coffee Supplements. Further, many of the green coffee supplements sold today may be little more than pricey placebos. After Dr. Oz touted green
Arkansas Dental Patients Possibly Exposed To Infectious Materials By Doctor William Jarrod Stewart. Though the spread of disease in dental offices is considered rare, the news of Stewart follows a highly publicized case that
Mental Illness, Gun Control and Matthew Warren. I thought Rick Warren got it right when he called mental illness \torture.\ As a therapist, I've listened to many people speak about the depths of despair and depression and the lengths they were willing to go to find some relief.
GPS Guide. When you next feel unloved, check in with your heart. Remember the warmth of when you did feel the love. Fill your heart
H7N9 Bird Flu Found In 5 Other Sites In China. China said the H7N9 avian influenza virus was found on Wednesday in three live bird markets in Jiangsu province, one in Anhui
Work Stress On The Rise. The gender wage gap also played a significant role in reported stress levels, with almost twice as many women (18 percent
Tap Into The Health Risks Of Beer. Remove those beer goggles and uncover the truth behind chugging your favorite brews. Read more on Everyday Health
GPS Guide. Some might say Robin Palmer has a de-stressing toolbox
Should Running A Marathon Really Be Everyone's Fitness Goal?. Running used to come with street cred. You got the head-clearing glory of those pre-dawn miles and plenty of fitness prowess
Fat Anywhere But There. Cellulite, like male-pattern baldness (trust me) is genetics' way of reminding us that life isn't fair. Those of us who are \put out\ -- but unwilling to resort to the knife -- still have some options. At least you women do.\u00a0Me, I'm going to have to hope year-round hats stay in style.
Self-Doubt Destroys the Heart, Mind, Body and Soul. Self-doubt is one of the major obstacles to living the life you truly deserve. This unhealthy food for the soul drags down your spirit, crushes your ambitions, and prevents you from achieving all that you can.
Confessions of a Hopeless Night Owl. As a self-confessed nocturnal who can blame it on genetics, I proudly declare my solace from the quiet of the night. I love hearing the whir of the refrigerator in the kitchen and the hoot of the barn owl in our fields.
Yoga and the Importance of Play in Schools. This is an interview with Peg Oliveira, who has taught yoga for years in schools, detention centers, preschools, after-school programs and inpatient and outpatient mental health centers for youth and adults in and around New Haven, Conn.
The Fall... and the Rise After. The surgery and downtime also made me think about and appreciate everything that I have.  I have to be thankful for a lot in life, and sadly sometimes it is the most adverse situations that make you realize that -- but better late than never, I guess.
The Cost of Cancer Drugs and Research. In their Intellectual property case, the pharmaceutical company Novartis was asking to block a generic form of their cancer drug Gleevec from being created and sold by India. As a writer and also a person living with chronic myelogenous leukemia, I understand both sides of the battle.
Developing the Right View of Anger. In order to be able to view anger as a dysfunctional emotion, we must develop in our lojong meditation practice the conviction that anger is a dysfunctional emotion.
Air Pollution From Traffic Linked With Childhood Cancer. \It would be interesting to determine if there are specific pollutants like benzene or polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons that
The Value of High Tech Health Care. The ACA isn't a perfect plan but if fully enacted offers a chance to make changes to the American health care system.  Understanding the role technology plays will be an ongoing discussion with advances in technology and its creative application potentially improving care and reducing costs.
Join HuffPost Healthy Living's Stress-Less Challenge!. In creating a healthy lifestyle, managing stress is just as important as maintaining a nutritious diet, exercising, and getting proper rest. So kick-start a de-stressing routine that works for you this month by signing up for the challenge.
Saving Lives One Bead at a Time. Now Millie has a small house of her own, financed by a brick-making business she runs. And this was made possible because she learned how to roll beads out of strips of recycled paper.
Book Review. According to Dr. Sara, hormones are not the enemy, they are the solution. Getting your hormones back on track is a major component of lifelong health and wellbeing.
Media, Message, and Motive. These are the facts. The video is a public health offering, pure and simple. No one makes money from it. And it features several tweens and teens who are themselves beneficiaries of healthy living, who donated time and effort and talent to paying it forward.
Retail Clinics Could Help Reduce Hospital Readmissions -- As Long As They're Integrated With Hospitals. The U.S. has one of the highest hospital readmission rates in the world. About 20 percent of Medicare patients wind up being
How to Injury-Proof Your Body. How can you address these notoriously weak areas and ensure that you bulletproof your body?
China's Public Still Skeptical Of Government's Handling Of Health Outbreaks. In a sign of the intense public concern surrounding H7N9, people in China are making a record number of online searches for
Is 'Telehealth' The Solution To Chronic Hospital Readmissions?. identified, and communication has to occur.\ Other challenges include protecting patient privacy, determining who will pay
44 Health Foods Under $1. Here at Greatist, we joke about how to deal with snack attacks and sudden hankerings for chocolate. But for millions of kids
Get Fit With Your Groom!. My fianc\u00e9 and I met at a gym -- I work for one and Rod is a member. I was walking to the locker room wearing my \Pilates\ uniform shirt, and he was working out with his friend by the squat cage (home to weight plates, Olympic bars and general \manly\ fitness tools).
Yoga. Even though my life is calm these days, I plan to continue my practice because I know a new stressor is bound to appear just as certainly as the sun rises tomorrow. For me, yoga is good medicine for body, mind, soul and spirit.
Address Your Stress. Your body evolved to do one thing exceedingly well
Spring Healing Through the Arts. 1) Count your gratitudes. When you awaken each day, before hopping out of bed hitting the rug running, lie there for a just
Powerful People Are Happy. If you consistently do things in your life that help you and others achieve goals, then your journey is a happy one.  And over time, you will find that you rise to a position of power within your network.  And that makes you happy as well.
3 Reasons We Need Eeyores in This World. Eeyores are more aware of their inner emotional states, which can translate into technical or business innovation or can lead to profound creative work as writers, musicians, actors or other artists.
How to Be Here Now. You may want to do just one of these exercises or try them all. Just like anything, the key to building your awareness and present moment consciousness is consistency. The more you do these exercises, the more you will be able to harness the unlimited potential that this moment is offering.
Nap Time. If you ask me, the whole world needs a nap. Maybe this will bring us back into rhythm in our body and mind.
What Happens When Bones Are Stressed?. Take bone pain seriously.  Don't dismiss a potential stress fracture as a simple shin splint that requires nothing more than training through it.  Muscles can become uncomfortable during hard training but usually recover rapidly.
The Accidental Vegetarian. I'm not a bandwagon jumper, and certainly vegetariasm isn't something new. Nor do I believe it scores you points with the universe. But I did believe this change in our meals would have multiple benefits.
Episodic Excessive Sleepiness in Teens May Represent Kleine-Levin Syndrome. A 15-year-old boy came to the Stanford Sleep Center complaining of episodes of excessive sleepiness associated with disturbed behavior that started one year prior.
More Than a Survivor. Once you've hit remission and maintenance, beating cancer becomes less about the physical battle and more about the mental and emotional one. They say you're a survivor from the day you're diagnosed, and I agree.
Stress-Relief Tools. Chances are, if you searched your office building, you'd find a dusty, old stress ball. 'Letting Loose' On The Dance Floor
Time to Teach Our Doctors How to Be Stem Cell Specialists. Would you let a radiologist do your brain surgery? Would you pick a dermatologist to do your open-heart surgery? So why then do so many patients who get stem cell treatments have such low expectations for the doctors that do their stem cell treatments?
If You Lead a Student to Vegetables, Will They Eat Them?. It is important that at some point, before any of these kids grow up and have families of their own, vegetables and fruits become a basic component of their daily food intake. And if they are not eating these foods at home, then school is the first and last resort.
GPS Guide. Feeling stressed? Take a moment to glide through Pragito Dove's meditative images and restorative affirmations in her GPS
5 Signs You're an Emotional Eater and What to Do About It. So many of us have been taught that we need to \weigh less in order to live more,\ but I really believe we have to live more in order to weigh less. We have to stop waiting on the weight and start having fun -- only then will we finally stop being a slave to food and get out of body jail.
11 Ways To Eat For More Energy. Bad idea, says Dina Aronson, RD
Going Home. For all the dreams we dream and things we work toward, we sometimes stumble into a moment when what waits inside our dream somehow comes true. This poem speaks to such a moment.
3 Things to Know About PrEP for HIV. Pre-Exposure Prophylaxis is a fantastic opportunity -- as resource in the ever growing tool box of HIV prevention.
The Father of Modern Yoga. While Sri T. Krishnamacharya may not be a household name, we can thank him for the diversity of styles of yoga we now enjoy, ranging from the strenuous to the therapeutic.
3 Stress Secrets For Staying in Love. We all become animals when our stress response fires. Paying attention to little ways we can make our relationships happier and even more precious helps us fall in love all over again.
See Comedy Warriors. It seems to me that there's a lesson here for those who are trying to help veterans who have returned home with mental disorders.  Formal treatment can be very helpful and more veterans need to get access to it, but laughter can also be a great healer.
Thug Kitchen Wants You To Eat Your Vegetables...And They Aren't Messing Around. While the strong language might be a turn off to some, the \Thugs\ deliver sound and important nutritional advice. One example
The Many Benefits of Mindfulness. If asked to explain the value of mindfulness, you may want to consider the following question
I Lost Weight. How I Gained It
Stop Underestimating How Powerful You Really Are. The energy we put into obsessing over food, alcohol, unhealthy relationships, and money is the same abundant energy available for us to engage in a life that is truly fulfilling and unattached to societal validation and the crippling worry of outcome.
Understanding Food Addiction. Like an addiction to drugs or alcohol, food addicts will struggle to simply stop their addictive behavior, even when the behavior leads to weight gain, or damages relationships.
A Recipe for Community. The bottom line? Any community gathering, organization or event that engages body, mind, soul and spirit has a far greater chance of surviving and thriving.
Getting to Your Goal vs. Making a Comeback. Getting to your goal is going toward where you want to be, and making a comeback is going back to where you were before. Getting to a goal is a challenge that takes discipline, willpower and dedication. But making a comeback is even harder.
7 Healthy Money-Saving Recipes. If you're composting -- or, worse, throwing away -- the scraps left over from making dinner, you're tossing out both cash
Living and Leading with Authenticity. Authentic people commit themselves to excellence in everything they do. They are constantly pushing the envelope and raising their standards. And they have the wisdom to know the difference between excellence and perfection.
Feeling Fat? Research Reveals Two Painless Ways to Lose Weight. Changing certain cues, like the color and size of your plate, is a simple way to take advantage of the way your mind works and alter your eating patterns without actively thinking about it.
Taking the Steps From Mindfulness to Heartfulness and Our True Ground of Being!. To empty the room of our old life, to find the empty page to begin again, we find silence. We make a retreat.  In peace and quiet, we find inner stillness.  In this inner stillness is the ground that can become an anchor to our awareness.
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
The Effortless Effort. The next time I remember thinking about it was one day when I was doing yoga. I'd had been practicing yoga consistently and
Pole Vaulting and Spiritual Knowing. One aim of meditation is to develop inner strength through attention to practice. Practice is to observe and to take the opportunity to transform knowledge into an experience that helps us in our daily life.
The Truth Has Many Facets. I think we all from time to time experience that things happen more or less as a coincidence. That we end up in a scenario we didn't see coming. And I think many of us contemplate the thought that things could be different.
Mindfulness Meditation Benefits. Even though the academic research on mindfulness meditation isn't as robust as, say, nutrition or exercise, there is a reason
How Much Sugar Is Really In Your Food? (VIDEO). Sugar in food isn't always obvious. When you're eating savory items, for example, you don't necessarily expect much sweetener
One Cup of Coffee at a Time. You might think my fondness for this restaurant is connected to my love of good coffee and the convenient location. Possibly, but my love of coffee meetings more accurately stems from the belief that this is a great way to build relationships and conduct business.
Some Thoughts on How to Be a Friend to Someone With a Serious Illness. Some days you need a serious chat. Some days you need a friend to be silly with. Some days you need a friend to go shopping and have a gossip session with and try to put cancer in the back seat for a few hours. There are many ways to be supportive.
L-Carnitine, Nutrient In Red Meat, Linked With Heart Disease. A new study reveals that a nutrient called l-carnitine, which is found in red meat and is also popular as a dietary supplement
March Madness Game-Time Workout. March Madness is in full swing! If your favorite team is still in the lead, you may feel like you can't miss a second of the game. Rather than sacrifice your workouts all weekend because you have to keep your eye on the TV, why not work out with your friends as you watch all the fun?
BRCA1 and BRCA2 Gene Patent Debate Reaches the U.S. Supreme Court. This ongoing debate on gene patents boils down to one simple question
Margaret Thatcher Stroke. Thatcher's exact type of stroke was not specified in news reports. It's not uncommon to have more than one stroke. One in
Four Magic Words. Here is how I see it, asking for help in the absolute knowing that we deserve to be helped, is one of the most loving things we can do for ourselves; not coming from a place of entitlement, or having the expectation that someone should help us, but more like an owning of the areas that we need assistance with.
Meditation Made Simple. Enter Headspace. With the stream of scientific and anecdotal evidence showing us the benefits of meditation, it\u2019s no wonder
Hospitals Fail To Take Simple Measures To Prevent Clostridium Difficile Infection, Survey Says. By Jessica Wapner (Click here for the original article) Now, tools are available to check for the presence of organic matter
Buddha Doodle - 'Absolute Attention'. Love Buddha Doodles? Enter for a chance to win a teeshirt - it's FREE! Email Address First Name
April Superfoods. Still shaking off those winter doldrums and getting into the swing of spring? It's time to celebrate, with the season's best
Personal Branding. I do not wish to change anyone's personal style, only to enable them to stretch their thinking and open their minds to be more creative with themselves. So often we become stuck, even inflexible with ourselves.
Love Relationships Are a Pocket of Peace. With honesty comes the security to trust each other. In turn, trust allows us to enter the state of vulnerability that creates intimate space in a romantic relationship. Somewhere deep inside of all of us, we cherish this connection.
Are We Drinking Too Much?. Alcohol is the one unregulated, accepted drug we have in our society, and I do believe it's being abused. But since drinking is so socially acceptable, and everyone's doing it -- including high-functioning and motivated movers and shakers -- no one's questioning it.
Multiple Sclerosis. \She's on her toes dancing in heaven. No more MS,\ her daughter, Gina Gilardi, told Extra, as reported by People magazine
Caromont Regional Medical Center Ditches 'Cheat Death' Slogan After Complaints. \We were getting calls from employees who were embarrassed by it,\ said Jason Williams, a Gaston County commissioner who
Seeing Happiness In Facial Expressions, Instead Of Anger, Can Lessen Aggression. By \training\ these volunteers in this way, they started to find happiness in the \angry\ faces, and they reported feeling
My Downward Lifestyle. Because holding plank was so difficult, I had no choice but to make it as easy on myself as possible. As with most things in life, breathing deeply and staying positive made it more attainable.
Healthy Breakfast Roundup. As it turns out, many of our Healthy Living readers know what's up when it comes to nutritious morning foods. We asked our
Though We Appear to be Sleeping. When you nestle yourself into bed, turn off the bedside lamp and close your eyes to your daytime reality, your \conscious self\ goes to sleep. Meanwhile, your \dreaming self\ slips out of the covers and tiptoes upstairs to the attic of your mind to explore the enchanted realm of dreams.
Breaking Free From the Tyranny of Thought. Anyone who has ever practiced mindfulness knows that there is something akin to a wild animal living inside each of us.  We call that wild animal \mind.\
The Top 10 Workout Songs for April 2013. Collaborations reign in this month's workout playlist.  Here's the full list, according to a poll on Run Hundred -- the web's most popular workout music blog.
You Have Wings! Get Inspired to Fly by Rumi and Cute Baby Photos by Danielle Hark Photography. Take a few minutes to relax and let Rumi's words take you away. Rumi was a thirteenth-century poet, professor, and spiritual master who could say volumes in just a few words. His notions are simple but inspiring.
Morning Tips To Promote Sleep. Take a hot bubble bath, sip some chamomile tea and do some relaxing yoga poses -- these are all things you can do right before
Diabetes Research Focuses Heavily On Treatments, Not Prevention, Study Finds. The findings apply to the 25.8 million adults and children -- more than 8 percent of the U.S. population -- who are currently
How 99 Days Can Change Your Life. Don't waste time lamenting the years that have passed when your dreams drifted by unfulfilled. It's a great waste of your creative spirit and won't effect anything except to make too depressed to take positive action.
20 Ways To Spring Clean Your Fitness Routine. By Shape Editors It's that time of year again -- the snow's melting, the sun's shining and those thick sweaters in the closet
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (April 5-11). Even momentarily concentrating on healthy solutions rewires psychological patterns to receive and share healthy sexual love in the present.  Here are three meditations with the themes of healthy sex, neglect, and self-empowerment for you to ponder and practice this week.
Yoga. This is an interview with Traci Lundstrom, who began learning yoga while serving time in the Boulder, Colorado, county jail the fall of 2009.
The 10 Best Yoga Poses For Stress Relief (PHOTOS). Maintaining a yoga practice can be a great way to reduce stress, stay in shape and calm the mind. But when it comes to stress
The Path to Bliss. The amazing reality is that most people do not have a proactive daily practice of stillness and silence. If this sounds familiar to you, don't fret! In minutes, you will understand why and how you can get back on that meditation horse and ride into the sunset.
Do We Need a Health Revolution?. We are raising a generation of Americans who don't know their way around a kitchen or how to prepare a meal from scratch. That is why I have invited everyone to join me in an Eat-In tomorrow, April 7.
Finding Meaning. The Karmapa offered my students, and me, a rare gift in inviting us to define how we will make our lives meaningful for ourselves and others.
Insomnia Increases Suicide Risk. Understanding how insomnia and other sleep problems contribute to hopelessness and thoughts of suicide can provide important new options for suicide prevention and treatment of depression and suicidal thoughts.
A Meditation on Impermanence. There is a message here about impermanence. While I've heard it many times before, somehow every time an unexpected event happens or I receive unwelcome news, I have to learn the lesson all over again. We are not in control of so many things.
Negative Self-Talk. 3. Ask Yourself If You're Really So Guilty Let's say in a meeting you blurt out that your Spanx are too tight. You think
The Healing Powers of Burgers and Fried Chicken. The cause of obesity is complex, to be sure -- increased stress, environmental toxins, our sedentary lifestyle, and our sleeplessness as a nation all play a role. But the elephant in the room here is our toxic industrial food supply, specifically sugar.
Stress and Disease. According to a recent study, 60 to 80 percent of visits to primary care doctors may be related to stress, yet only 3 percent of patients receive stress management counseling.  Why is it that so few people are getting help from their health care practitioners when it comes to stress?
6 Things I Want to Stop Stressing About (And 1 Huge Thing). De-stressing is a personal experiment in discovering what makes you calm down. So in my efforts to de-stress, I'm joining some of my colleagues in making a list of a few things I'm determined to stop stressing about.
I Lost Weight. For more on weight loss, click here. Name
Glenwood Gardens Case Provides a Teaching Moment. Bystander intervention can mean the difference between life and death.
Make Work a Positive Choice in Your Life and Reduce Stress. Even if you made a great career decision for yourself at age 22, it's often unrealistic to expect that you'll be content with that choice for 40 years or more. Poor life choices, whether it's work you despise, an unsatisfying marriage, or living in the wrong climate, are serenity stealers.
What Do Dog Saliva and Your Car Have in Common? And What Does This Have To Do With Quitting Smoking?. A Russian scientist, Ivan Pavlov, is famous for studying this phenomenon back in the early 20th century using dogs. But what does this have to do with your car?
CDC Issues Advisory To Help Doctors Identify Bird Flu. Because of recent advances in U.S. vaccine manufacturing capabilities, including the recent approval of Novartis' cell-based
Diet Tips For Teens. Heather I. Mangieri, MS, RDN, CSSD, LDN agrees. \When it comes to teens, it is often the parents that I have to talk to as
The Economics of Cancer. But what if you want to incentivize investment in bold new drugs instead of me-too drugs? What if you want to encourage research into new areas that tangibly improve people's health?  Then maybe, like India, you would only grant patents when that higher standard is met.
Give Yourself a Gift Today. Each experience you have in life is a lesson, especially those that are most damaging to you. Once you forgive yourself and others, you give yourself the gift of emotional freedom.
Fish Oil Could Boost Immune System, Study Suggests. Omega-3 fatty acids in fish oil may have benefits beyond potentially boosting heart health -- they could also benefit the
World's Tiniest Telescope Treats Blindness. Thanks to technological advances in microsurgery and space-age breakthroughs, people like James Hindman with Age-related Macular Degeneration have new hope from the world's tiniest telescope that's implanted into the person's eye.
7 Reasons You Might Have Fallen Out of Love With Your Partner. Unless you are able to learn from and heal your fears, you may get stuck in this negative pattern. Love quickly vanishes in the face of this closed, protective behavior.
Cut Salt, Add Potassium, Live Longer, Researchers Say. If people cut their salt intake and increased their intake of potassium by eating more fruits and vegetables, millions of
Paid Vacation Mandated Almost Everywhere But U.S. (INFOGRAPHIC). As the U.S. Department of Labor states, \The Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) does not require payment for time not worked
67 Pounds Lighter -- Thanks to a Midlife Crisis and Elmo. I wasn't just overweight, but downright sickly due to poor nutrition and stress. I felt trapped in my sad state, recognizing that there was not enough food on the entire island of Manhattan to soothe me.
Money, Medicine and Myopia. I can't say, on the basis of evidence, that NIH is misdirecting vast fortunes from where they could do the most good within our lifetimes. But I certainly do believe it. What I can say is that biomedical research dollars are subject to the same myopia that tends to dominate our personal lives.
Walking As Good As Running For Lowering Heart Risk Factors, Study Finds. To determine how running and walking affected heart health, researchers looked at each person's energy expenditure and whether
WATCH. Tapping can sometimes bring up long-buried emotions, which is why I state that, before tapping along, folks must take full responsibility for their own well-being.
Getting Rid of the Food Allergy Fear Factor. Children with food allergies need to carry their medications (antihistamines and epinephrine) in the same way that kids in a car need to wear their seatbelts. Most of the time, they won't need it. But there may come a time when those protections save the children's lives.
Optimal Music For The Gym. Looking for a perfect tune for your workout? Michael Jackson's \Beat It\ has the optimal beat. So does \Gangnam Style\ by
Don't Stress. In the spirit of choosing not to stress (and in honor of April being National Stress Awareness Month) we asked health and
Frozen Pizza Recall. \When it became apparent to us that, despite the expertise of the USDA, the FDA, the scientific community and our own experts
Celebrating Life and Love. I had been told by a few friends who had been down this path, that to have your parent die in your arms was an amazing experience. One described it as \radiant.\ I admit I was skeptical, yet in the last hours of her life I didn't want to leave her side.
9 Amazing Benefits of Coffee. Due to its worldwide popularity, coffee is probably the greatest source of antioxidants in the global diet. And while having lots of it isn't recommended for everyone, for some of us, it may just be the superfood of the century. Here are nine reasons to start the day with this healing drink.
The Story of an ADHD Kid Taking Daily Doses of Meditation. To be completely honest, I still find meditation difficult at times. And my attention is still easily stolen away by -- hey, look! A penny. But now I have the tools to slow down the river of my thoughts and relax whenever I need to.
Occupy Wellness and Eat-In. The sustainability of our planet, our health, and our food supply are inextricably linked. The ecology of eating -- the importance of what you put on your fork -- has never been more critical to our survival as a nation or as a species. The earth will survive our self-destruction, but we may not.
The Best Exercises. Plus, how to do them at beginner, immediate and advanced levels.
Healthy Dinner Tips. A nutrition expert says the biggest problem doesn't even happen at the table.
What's in Your DSM?. We non-shrinks have developed more common labels when dissing about people around us who we love or loathe. In the interests of non-science, here are a few of the more common terms in use.
Bird Flu Vaccine Being Readied By CDC. The strain has killed five people, and global health officials are discussing if and when it may be necessary to start producing
Slowing Down in a Fast Forward City. In a city where 62% of the people work overtime, many stores stay open past 10 p.m. and 6.5 hours is the average amount of time people sleep a night, recovering and living with cancer in Hong Kong is like trying to swim upstream.
Why People Don't Get How Awesome You Are. We all know what a brand is when it comes to a company. But you have a brand, too. Your personal brand evokes emotion in others. It makes others feel something
Roger Ebert. It is unclear so far what kind of cancer Ebert had been diagnosed with before his death; he had previously been diagnosed
Reading Your Dreams. Scientists have dreamt of being able to look inside the brain's sleepy wonderland. Past studies had suggested that people's
High Blood Pressure Rates. To prevent hypertension, the CDC recommends eating healthy foods especially those that provide potassium and fiber, avoiding
Internal Clock Disruption Spurs Diabetes, Obesity In Mice. And a study published last year in the journal SLEEP suggested that getting more sleep could help to limit the effect of
Decisions, Decisions. I do believe that decision is all about giving ourselves power. We are not as weak as we think! And if you feel you are -- dig a little deeper
Take Our Fitness Challenge. It turns out you may not be as fit as you think. We approached average Americans on the street to see if how fit they think they are matches up to how fit they actually are. Go on and test yourself to see how you compare!
Chronic Pain Affects 1 In 10 Stroke Survivors, Though Doctors May Not Know. \Chronic pain syndromes are common, even following strokes of mild to moderate severity,\ Martin J. O'Donnell, M.D., lead
This Spring, Rejuvenate Your Emotional Life. In a flash, negativity can spin you into a tizzy, your center blown to smithereens. There are four major components of emotions
Is Happiness Really a Choice?. Watch this video to hear a little bit about my personal struggle with this concept, how I got through it and how you can take better care of yourself when it gets challenging to choose happiness.
A Developing World Strategy for Personalized Medicines. Propelled by improvements in technology, software and computing power, personalized medicine is quickly moving from potential
Shower Bliss. The morning is a critical time for setting the tone of your day.  You can start out of the gate frenzied, frantic, and flummoxed or confident, cheerful, and calm.  Which way sounds more appealing to you?
Are You Strong Enough to Be Vulnerable?. Here are five levels of vulnerability from the simple to the profound, to trace the progression and recognize the wondrous benefits of each level.
Swan Gives a Lesson in Flying and Life. For all the time I've spent walking golf courses, I've never actually played a round.  I can assure you, however, that among the wildlife the events are dramatic as nature plays out its deadly serious game.
Bird Flu Vaccine? World Experts Debate Whether To Make Shot For New H7N9 Strain. Since the H1N1 swine flu pandemic of 2009, in which drugmakers took six months to develop and distribute effective vaccines
Being [On] a Vacation. If you are used to being angry at people and blaming someone, you will find someone to blame, even in the place with the most beautiful view in the world, with the best food, after 10 hours of sleep.
Deepak Chopra. In this week's episode of \The Rabbit Hole\ on The Chopra Well, Deepak Chopra takes us into the inner working of the global brain, shaped by social networks and technology.
'Sharps' Injuries Could Pose HIV, Hepatitis Risk To Surgeons. However, a 2010 study in the Journal of the American College of Surgeons showed that even though \sharps\ injuries in nonsurgical
50 Shades of Gluten (Intolerance). This \all-or-nothing\ view has led to some doctors telling patients that suspect they're sensitive to gluten but test negative for celiac disease that they're simply imagining an affliction that doesn't exist. It turns out those doctors are wrong.
Young Adult LGBTs With Cancer. \Cancer doesn't discriminate.\ I don't know who originally said that quote. It must have been someone who realized how large and diverse a world we live in, and how broad the term cancer is. For as far as the LGBT community has come, there are still those who view us as \other.\
Celiac Disease and Drug Labeling. To be certain a drug does not contain gluten patients with CD, non-celiac gluten sensitivities, or wheat allergies must make multiple phone calls, perform Internet searches, and/or have the pharmacist review the package insert with them.
Bunion Laser Treatment. If you are looking for the most modern techniques in bunion surgery, laser is not currently the best option.  What is encouraging is that bunion surgery has changed dramatically in the past few years as surgeons are more focused on both the aesthetic and functional result.
I Lost Weight. Got a success story of your own? Send it to us at success.stories@huffingtonpost.com and you could be featured on the site
Adaptive Skiing. Certainly, the challenges are different and the sport often harder to access the more adaptation required, but the joy and the beauty are no less when someone simply skis. We can, and we should, work together to get over and around those obstacles.
Suvorexant, New Kind Of Sleeping Pill, Doesn't Cause Side Effects In Animal Studies. \When you hit those, you don't just hit the sleep system,\ John Renger, executive director and head of neruoscience basic
Meditation Could Boost Compassion, Study Suggests. Specifically, they found that the amygdala's response to emotional stimuli is altered by meditation. Recently, a study in
Is There a Formula for Making the Law of Attraction Work for You? You B\t+E =T! (Belief + Expectation = Truth). The only things holding us back are our repetitive thoughts of doubt and negativity which, with some determination, can completely turn around into repetitive thoughts of possibility, in which we have sole creative control.
Tonsillectomy Could Help Some Adults With Recurrent Sore Throats, Study Finds. According to the Mayo Clinic, tonsillectomy is used most often today to treat sleep-disordered breathing, though it is also
Shots Of Anesthetic Kill Budding Wisdom Teeth, Study Suggests. Could wisdom teeth be a problem of the past? Researchers have found that young children who got shots of anesthetic for dental
356 Pounds. For more by Charles D'Angelo, click here. She says Think and Grow Thin provided her with tools that made sense to her when
The Law of Love. Whenever we find ourselves entertaining something limiting with our mind, only we have the free will to put down that thought and return our attention to what is beyond limitation.
Adults With Asthma Are Also Likely To Have Allergies, Study Finds. More from Everyday Health
Reclaiming Sleep... and Self. Reclaiming my sleep made me realize how much I was giving up when I let the exhaustion win, and how much there is to gain in letting go and listening to my body. I've finally awakened to the world around me and all it was trying to offer.
People Are the Only Thing That Matter. The worst thing you can do in this life is let someone think that they don't matter. People need each other, and we have the power to inspire others. Everyone wants to feel that someone cares about them.
The Parking Lot of Love. I do believe there's someone for everyone, but the more I thought about it, the more I realized while love is not transactional, it sometimes can turn ugly and into hatred when you do not create the boundaries necessary for you to love yourself.
Interest In Vegan Diets On The Rise. Last year, Mark Bittman of The New York Times reported that American demand for meat was steadily decreasing, with the Department
The Ultimate Trick for Beating Jet Lag. People often ask me how I handle jet lag, as I travel between time zones, countries, and even continents on a semi-regular basis. I've tried any number of \Jedi mind tricks\ over the years, and there are a few that seem to work pretty consistently:
From Obesity to Shorter Lifespans. The following is an interview with Elissa Epel, a UCSF psychologist who has studied the health impacts of stress, from its effects on our DNA to its relationship to overeating, for two decades.
H7N9 Bird Flu. Of the seven other cases of the new strain, two have died, both in the business hub of Shanghai. The other five are in a
Luminous Commute. Driving, I'm like a bow being pulled across the strings. Now, I am in the rondo, the third movement, where things that used to matter don't and things that never mattered do; where the mundane appears vivid and even the simplest, most ordinary routines become holy.
The Nausea of Cancer. It's hard to actually convey just how horrendous nausea can get.  With my own experience, I didn't have a lick of it after my first three days of chemo. The docs said that most of that was because of the anti-nausea drugs. And then came day four.
The Fitness Myths That Hold You Back, and How to Succeed. There is no question that in order to become skillful at any sport or fitness activity, you need to participate in and practice the activity. But if that is all that is required -- practice, practice, practice -- how come not everyone that practices a lot excels at what they do?
Swallowing the Risk of Cancer. We can't eliminate exposure to many potential toxins. The chemicals within plastics are everywhere. Where do you draw the line?  Should we vow to never drink from a plastic water bottle again? How do you know if you are being paranoid?
The Cancer Who Got Cancer. With a July 20th birthday, cancer is my zodiac sign. Growing up I never thought much of people reading horoscopes out of newspapers and magazines asking me what my sign was. I said, \I'm a cancer.\ At 33 years young, I became a cancer who got diagnosed with, uh, cancer -- stage four.
Why Childhood Trauma Can Lead to PTSD, and How Tapping Can Help. The simple and undeniable truth now reflected to us in our very genes is that our feelings are intricately connected with our physiology and must be considered when we encounter any kind of distress, be it emotional or physical. We must address our entire being if we truly hope to heal.
Shortest Doctor Office Wait Times Have Increased By More Than A Minute. The shortest amount of time you can expect to wait to see your doctor is going up, according to a recent analysis of data
12th Most Attractive Colon Cancer Survivor in 2012. It's always a little awkward to do self-promotion. Afterwards, I started thinking about the non-profit world, especially the world of colon cancer, and I realized that it's okay, in fact, necessary, to do self-promotion.  Otherwise, you can't make a difference, and you can't get sponsors.
The Latest McFib. Last week, in what is yet another example of Big Food's symbiotic relationship with the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics, McDonald's Director of Nutrition spoke to her fellow colleagues at the Utah Dietetic Association meeting about the chain's new \healthy initiatives.\
Under Pressure. Your physical space is a metaphor for your life.  All aspects of your life are represented spatially
Couldn't Sleep Last Night? How To Perk Up. By Jennifer Acosta Scott In a perfect world, every adult would get somewhere between seven and nine hours of sleep a night
10 Things We Know About Autism That We Didn't Know a Year Ago. Just two decades ago, autism was a mysterious and somewhat obscure disorder, commonly associated with the movie Rain Man and savantism. It affected an estimated 1 in 5,000 children. How times have changed.
I'm Nothing, Yet I'm All I Can Think About. If we fail to wake up to who we are beyond the story of self, our system will register a \stuckness.\ It's a developmental arrest that shows up as dissatisfaction, endless stress, loneliness, fear, and joylessness. This is a sign that the timeless dimension of our being is awaiting realization.
Is Your Sunscreen Safe?. In light of the recent reports about nanoparticles in sunscreen, I decided that it is time to revisit one of my favorite topics
7 Signs That You Need Acupuncture This Spring. Last week was the first day of spring. Yahoo! Except for that fact that many people don't feel so hot this time of year. The flu is -- knock on wood -- mostly behind us. Allergies have not quite exploded yet. So, why do so many of us feel off in the early days of spring?
Legacy and Travel. If you've travelled or are planning to, please plan and reflect about wearing your legacy lens. What you've learned, what amazed you, how travel has changed you, is the stuff legacy writing is made of. Share your travel stories to make a difference.
Blessed Are They Who Mourn. It is clear that I must now make a new home for myself within my own heart. There I must create a door that is always open, a light that burns eternally, a spark that cherishes my name, and a blessing of continual self-forgiveness.
Organic Food More Susceptible To 'Health Halo,' Study Finds. Researchers found a huge bias among the participants for the organic foods, with people saying they'd pay as much as 23.4
7 Tips For Making Nutrition And Fitness Greater Priorities. We live busy lives, shuttling back and forth between home, jobs, social events, and many other commitments. At times, we
Never Too Late. I initially started blogging about my cancer journey as way to avoid talking about it to others. I soon realized that the process was therapeutic for me. Now, I'm still learning to love and accept myself. But I'm working at it, every single day, for myself as well as my daughter.
The Virus in Our Food Supply. by guest blogger Alberto Gonzalez, founder and CEO of GustOrganics Alberto Gonzalez is the founder and CEO of GustOrganics
GPS Guide. My document disappeared! The Internet is down. The printer only pumps out blank pages. Frustration! Impatience! Stress hormones
Lean In to Your Hormones. Our own biology has its own code, rules and regulations. From our lives to work and home and everywhere in between, our bodies lead us to making choices. The challenge before us now is to learn how to work with what our bodies have to say.
French Healthcare and Hygiene. Under ordinary circumstances strep throat wouldn't be a thing of note, however, I am currently living in France where healthcare works a little differently than in the United States.
When Smart and Social Don't Mix in a Relationship. Ultimately, you chose your partner for a reason. You have a soul-level connection that can transcend any differences. Hold strong to that fact and you'll soon find that smarts and social can indeed go hand-in-hand in any relationship.
How to Get Out of Your Own Way. Whatever it is, you have two choices
Mindfulness Meditation Could Lower Levels Of Cortisol, The Stress Hormone. For the study, 57 people spent three months in a meditation retreat, where they were taught mindful breathing, observation
Is Fear Holding You Back? Try This. How can you learn to embrace risk for the sake of your future happiness, particularly when risk taking doesn't come to you naturally? When you think about making a change, focus only on what you have to gain, and banish all thoughts of what you might lose.
Evolution of Compassion. This type of compassion is not an easy one, and not everyone can comprehend or understand it. It takes an expanded mind to be able to go far enough to feel another person's point of being and to accept it as is.
How Well Do You Know Your Ego?. Having a healthy ego also means you're not conceited or arrogant, which shouldn't be confused with having confidence or good self-esteem. Thinking you're pretty terrific is absolutely fine. It says a lot about how you value yourself.
Stress Research. Today, April 1, marks the beginning of National Stress Awareness Month, which means it's time to put some extra focus on
Mindful Management. You can spend so much time worrying about the past and future that you fail to do the things you need to do today, and that is what will undermine your tomorrow.
The Brainwashing 'Cult' of Meditation. The difference between a cult and a true path of spiritual evolution is sometimes hard to see form the outside. But when I washed my brain with the tools of meditation I didn't see it like a cult, I saw it more like going to the army for boot camp.
FDA Relaxes Restrictions On Nicotine Stop-Smoking Aids. April 1 (Reuters) - The U.S. Food and Drug Administration is relaxing its restrictions on the use of over-the-counter nicotine
We Tried It. By causing us to move some of the largest muscles in our bodies while sedentary, the DeskCycle ostensibly negates some of the harmful effects of sitting all day. Just don't expect it to replace your trip to the gym.
Unhealthy Teens Could Lead To Rise In Heart-Disease Rates. Less than half of U.S. adolescents are living heart-healthy lives, and lack of exercise and poor diets could be creating
Who Are You Letting Into Your Head?. Your mood, productivity, opinions and ambition are affected by the people you let into your life, and your head.
How To Sleep Better. In today's world, where smartphones keep us tethered to work 24/7 and we all have more balls in the air than a Ringling Brothers
I Lost Weight. Check out more of our inspiring weight loss stories below
Milk. Growing up, you were probably told to drink your milk if you wanted to be big and strong. And chances are, you\u2019re no longer
Introducing the Stanford Sleep Blog. Sleep is a window to our general health and a very mysterious process that still mystifies scientists today. Sleep problems affect real people, and the information available often washes out the complexities of sleep problems at the individual level.
Understanding the Addiction. I had a patient who had come in to my clinic to quit smoking. He was smoking 30 cigarettes a day and had tried to quit before but to no avail. On the first night of our smoking cessation class, I taught him a simple practice.
'Freshness' Doesn't Always Equal Good for You. Fast food restaurants aren't able to tout strong nutritional value or low fat in their burgers, burritos and shakes. So they're hoping by saying their food is fresh you'll falsely assume it's healthy. As if our country's obesity epidemic has been caused by people splurging on frozen foods.
In the Thick of It. We fell into a deep conversation about the part of us that is constantly changed by meeting the world and the depth of who we are that never changes. The Rocky Mountains were nearby and as I began to explore all this, the wisdom of the mountains was suddenly in reach.
Silent Retreat. In normal life we are trapped, watching our mind racing around the track of our non-stop thoughts going around and around and around.  Love is a silent retreat, enjoying no mind, no thought.  The stillness all around touches the quiet inside.
Vegan Secrets (Or Why My Skin Is Always Glowing). When I first made the decision to adopt a vegan diet, many of the more \seasoned\ vegans in my life told me about all the wonderful benefits I could expect. Those things all sounded great, but after I went vegan, I discovered a whole world of benefits no one had ever told me about.
Oleocanthal, Compound In Extra Virgin Olive Oil, Could Protect Against Alzheimer's Disease. Researchers from the University of Louisiana are a step closer to understanding why Alzheimer's disease seems to be not as
Day 31. I'm a million times happier today than I ever used to be. Which, I think, is reason enough to believe in all these things and much, much more. In my humble opinion, faith in power of joy is the foundation for everything.
Ely, Minnesota Social Media Ban. In response to many Internet users' growing addiction to social media, author and HuffPost blogger Julie Spira coined the
3 Anger Management Tips For Generally Nice People. \Emotions aren't good or bad per se -- it's the act that you wind up taking that's either toxic or positive,\ he says. We've
5 Strategies to Help You Forgive. While research indicates that training in forgiveness can actually bring about improvements in both well-being and health, actually forgiving can be easier said than done. If forgiveness is something you want to practice, try one of these strategies.
Health Benefits Of Eggs. Choline breaks down into bethane, which is used during the methylation cycle, which in turn helps produce 'happiness' hormones
Just Breathe. After years of trying for a few seconds at a time and giving up, I finally discovered something that works for me -- listening to music about breathing. By listening to music, my mind focuses on one thing, something relaxing, and I can breathe without the silence doing me in. It's still not easy, but it helps.
My Downward Lifestyle. I have never been a patient person. When I stand in line at Duane Reade for longer than five minutes I feel angry at the happy magazine covers at the checkout counter, and although they say a watched pot never boils I've always thrown my pasta in at the first sign of a bubble.
Electronic Health Records. While a majority of doctors in the Accenture survey wouldn\u2019t trust patients with full access to their records, 81 percent
Day 30. I used to think I couldn't do any of the things I wanted to do. I had thousands of thoughts on the subject of how scared and stupid I was. Then I started learning about thoughts and how 99 percent of them are simply negative nonsense.
What Not To Do When You Have Insomnia. More from Everyday Health
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Healthy Brunch Tips. As many of us celebrate Easter with a festive brunch, we may find ourselves staring down a monster buffet table. What should
Meditating for Sleep. Though scientific studies are undecided on whether meditation actually improves sleep (some researchers say it does by easing depression, some say it makes you need less sleep, some reveal increased alertness), I find it the spiritual equivalent of counting sheep.
Fatal Obsession. My life seemed glamorous and promising
Obama's Brave New World of the Brain -- And Why It's Something America Can't Afford Not to Do!. The brain is at the center of health and well-being, yet our deficit in understanding of the detail of its complexity limits our response to those conditions that cripple so many in our society.
A Must-Read for Mental Health Policy Makers. For many years the prior editions, written by David Mechanic alone, have been the standard text for students of mental health policy. This edition promises to continue to be the standard text because it provides so much information and insight so clearly and briefly.
What 5,000 Calories Of Easter Candy Looks Like (PHOTOS). One Reese's Milk Chocolate Peanut Butter Egg is 90 calories, so you'd need to eat 55.5 to equal 5,000 calories. Photo by
GPS Guide. 1. Schedule a few three to five-minute \brain recharge\ breaks through out the day to shift your mind out of task mode and
Easter Quotes. Happy Easter! This Sunday, March 31, Christian families around the world will gather with their loved ones to celebrate spring
Mediterranean Diet Could Improve Food Security And Lower Grocery Costs, Study Finds. The study, published in the Journal of Hunger and Environmental Nutrition, included 83 people from low-income housing sites
Making Time Work for Us. What is the solution to finding more time for what matters while still succeeding at work?  There is no magic formula, but I would like to share three basic ideas for how we can begin to tame our calendars and achieve better balance.
Every Journey Has a Beginning. I felt scared to let go of the \overweight girl\ because honestly, without all that weight and my unhealthy relationship with food, I didn't know who I was.  I had defined myself by that for so long that the idea of letting go it it terrified me.  Without 120-plus pounds of extra weight, who was I?
Day 29. Sometimes the highlight of your day can be with a total stranger. Sometimes a life opportunity comes along in an utterly unexpected way. And then because you have so many eggs in so many baskets, when you're faced with the occasional rejection, you'll hardly notice it at all.
Take a Deep Breath. Maybe it's because running is so quantifiable, but most runners I know love \magic bullets.\ We want to improve -- it's why we run in the first place -- and we'll typically try anything (within reason) that might help us run more miles or faster times.
Free Yourself From Emotional Debt. We all know what debt is. Some of us, most of us, still have a few we're paying off. Student loans, car payments, mortgages. But what about the unseen debts, debts that are invisible to the naked eye but instead live within our hearts?
Pushing Ourselves and Finding Greatness. And thats when it hit me, how brilliant this was.  Most of us are content taking subways, buses, and jets to get from point A to point B as fast as possible.  I was going to spend nearly four hours ending up in the exact same place as I started.
Walk Through Green Space Could Help Put Brain In State Of Meditation, Study Finds. \It\u2019s called involuntary attention in psychology. It holds our attention while at the same time allowing scope for reflection
Epilepsy. According to the Epilepsy Foundation, Lil Wayne is one of nearly 3 million people in the U.S. with the condition. Every year
Celiac Disease Rates In The US Increased From 2000 To 2004, But Plateaued Thereafter, Study Finds. Rates of celiac disease -- a condition where people's immune systems react to gluten found in wheat, rye and barley -- increased
7 Things I've Let Go of Stressing Over. Admittedly, I still have a long way to go in tackling the more deep-seated anxieties and insecurities that often cause me stress. But I am slowly beginning to let go of some of the \small stuff\ that add unnecessary anxiety to my life.
New Study Examines How Genes Impact Aging Process And Early-Onset Conditions. More from Everyday Health
Marshmallow Peeps Left Open On A Desk For An Entire Year Remain Edible -- Sort Of (PHOTOS). \Everyone seems to have a Peeps story,\ Ross Born told the AP. Born is the operator of Just Born Inc., the company in charge
Bikini Waxing Dangers. This certainly isn't the first bad news we've heard about bikini waxes -- over the past few years, several serious infections
Coca-Cola Solves the Obesity Epidemic. Move away from your La-Z-Boy. Don't trust that bar stool. Get a restraining order against your wingback. The geniuses at Coca-Cola have figured out why we're so overweight and -- drum roll, please -- it's the chairs that are the culprit.
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (March 29 - April 4). Even momentarily concentrating on healthy solutions rewires psychological patterns to receive and share healthy sexual love in the present.  Here are three meditations with the themes of eroticism, security, and health for you to ponder and practice this week.
Depression, Desire, Addiction. Whether you struggle with addiction and desire, counsel, teach or study, sit down, rest on the breath, come home to your own tender heart.
Debunking 10 Brain Fitness and Brain Training Myths. \Brain age\ is a fic\u00adtion. Some brain func\u00adtions tend to improve, and some decline as we get older. And there is con\u00adsid\u00ader\u00adable vari\u00adabil\u00adity across indi\u00advid\u00adu\u00adals, which only grows as peo\u00adple get older.
5 Ways To Reduce Snoring (VIDEO). Since sleep is of the utmost importance to maintain health and even aid weight loss, it's crucial to ensure you snag those
Trader Joe's Lawsuit Over 'Evaporated Cane Juice' Part Of Firm's Crusade Against Mislabeled Foods. Plaintiffs Amy Gitson, Christine Vodicka and Deborah Ross, all Bay Area residents, sued because, according to the lawsuit
Uncover Your True Capability. I remember her care by caring for others, accepting their care in return.\u00a0By being present in life the way she is unable to be, this is how she lives.\u00a0We honor her with peace in our heart in the place of our wound.
McDonald's Nutritionist Cindy Goody. Goody went on to declare that processed food could \absolutely\ be healthy, offering up examples from her own diet
Home Health Aides. To encourage excellence and longevity on the job, we must find ways to support home health aides in this booming field.
Have We Been Misled? What You Should Know About Dietary Fats. This study also opens up questions about previous studies that have found cardiovascular benefit by replacing animal fats with PUFAs -- those studies did not control for the fact that people were also increasing omega-3 PUFAs.
Ra. I reach out to shake his hand, and he grips my forearm as I grip his. I go to my car and find a dollar in the tray, which I give to Ra, though never did he ask for it. As I drive out I see him mounting his bicycle, ready to ride on now that I'm safe.
Yoga Poses For Beginners. More from Everyday Health
Androxal. A separate analysis showed 83 percent of men that completed the study were within the normal range, the company said. Repros
Costco Has Cheapest Generic Prescription Drugs, While CVS Has Most Expensive. \It really comes down to a store's business model. For example, big box stores tend to use their pharmacies as a way to get
The Gender Hair Gap. While gender differences have narrowed in so many ways, when it comes to hair loss, the gap remains wide. A clean-shaven head may be commonplace among men, but it continues to be a rare and complicated choice for everyday women. Why is that?
Change Your Shoes and Step Into Authentic Success. How do we not get lost in looking for \success in all the wrong places,\ and end up with achievement but not fulfillment? How do we experience wealth as abundance in our being, not only in our bank accounts?
Eating More Fiber Could Lower Your Risk Of Having A Stroke. Taking steps to include more fiber in your diet could help to protect you from suffering a stroke, a new review of studies
What Are Your Metaphors for Success?. How's that for a rich lesson? In real life, flexibility is synonymous with playfulness and open-mindedness. In the words of George Bernard Shaw, \We don't stop playing because we grow old, we grow old because we stop playing.\ Sounds a lot like rigidity, if you ask me.
Silencing the Myth of Meditation. The brain and the mind are two separate parts, as are the spirit and the soul. In order for them to work synergistically, they must be studied separately, understood individually and then, connected together.
Breathing Tips. Working with your breath this way can help you free your body of tension. Many of us are unaware of the tensions that are with us 24/7. Our breathing is designed to help us release any tensions that have become so much a part of us that we no longer sense their presence.
An Exercise on Happiness. It does take effort to smile, to be engaged in your world, in your surroundings, but once you smile, the rewards are endless. Consider the first smile of your day your first and most important workout. Your heart and your mind will be the better for it.
Acid Reflux Problem? The Warning On the Pill's Label Says Use for 14 Days. It is time for those suffering with GERD to take a hard look at their daily eating and drinking habits, learn about this painful and chronic condition, and take an active role in managing their disease.
Are You Mindlessly Addicted to Technology?. I get the addiction. I succumb to it myself, because it's human. That's why we have to learn to use the technology mindfully and not buy into the social construct that it's okay to be mindless, rude and disconnected from the real world as long as we use the \I'm busy\ excuse.
How She Does It All -- And You Can, Too!. Why do we feel the need to prove we can do it all? I bet, if you really tried, worked endlessly, didn't sleep and stopped doing anything just for fun,  you could probably do it all. But at what cost?
Is There a Mind/Body Connection in Hypertension? Part III. There is very much a place for the mind/body connection in understanding and treating hypertension. But it is not the cause of hypertension in the 85 percent of patients with ordinary hypertension; and the anger, anxiety and stress we experience are not at the heart of it.
5 Surprising Ways You Could Be Damaging Your Kidneys. While some habits are commonly accepted as unhealthy, there are other everyday behaviors that don't seem harmful but in actuality may be damaging your body. Could you be harming your kidneys without realizing it?
'I'd Like to Teach the World to Sing'. Whether we are loud-mouthed or shy, extroverts or introverts, whether we have an inept ability to communicate thoughts, ideas and emotions or not, we all have a voice inside of us.
Powering Through Tough Times. I have come to believe that to survive and ultimately thrive we have to choose the blessings life brings to us everyday. Each day is a different one; each day brings a miracle of its own. And ultimately, it is with that belief we build our staying power every day.
9 Tips for Couples Who Want to Be Rooted in Love. Just as smiling makes you both feel happier, showing appreciation and warmth -- especially when you least feel it and your beloved most needs it -- will bring you closer than asking for warmth from your beloved.
The Worst Diet Mistakes For Hair And Nails. Just like your skin, your hair and nails are affected by the foods you choose to eat. And we're not talking about the sheen
Day 28. It takes vision to be successful at anything. You need to be able to see beyond the limits of what you believe to be possible.
Contact Lens Infection Nearly Blinds High-Schooler Ashley Hyde. Ashley Hyde, an 18-year-old from Florida, nearly went blind because of a parasite on her contact lens called Acanthamoeba
Diet And Fitness Tips - How To Get In Shape For Summer. We've turned to two of the city's top fitness and nutrition experts to give us a rundown on what to do (and not) to feel
Cancer Drug That Shrinks All Tumors Set To Begin Human Clinical Trials. A study published March 2012 discusses researchers' find that the one-for-all antibody drug successfully blocks a specific
Our Need for Closure Is Outdated. Our need for closure has to cease being something we seek outside ourselves and something we reach by diving within. What we seek when we seek closure is a break in the action.
We Can Learn a Lot From Children. I love watching children. They have so many natural behaviors that can teach adults how to love food -- but not too much -- and how to fit physical activity into our day. Here are some of the important lessons we can learn from observing children.
Trust in Love. Trusting in love does not mean assuming that someone will love you. It means confidence in the fundamentally loving nature of every person, and in the wholesome power of your own lovingness to protect you and touch the heart of others.
I Lost Weight. Check out more of our inspiring weight loss stories below
Are We Ever Really 'Done' With Cancer?. At of the end of this month, I'll be two months out of chemotherapy. In every aspect of my life, things should be normal, or really close to it, by now. But it's still not really gone. The ghost of my cancer is still here, and it haunts me every day.
What Is Perhaps the Most Powerful Word in the English Language?. The ability to be assertive and say \no\ is a communication skill we all learn at a very young age.  If you're a parent, you know better than anyone that once this word enters a child's vocabulary it's used very often.  However, as an adult, \no\ is often much more difficult to say.
13 Mental Health Benefits Of Exercise. 11. Get More Done Feeling uninspired in the cubicle? The solution might be just a short walk or jog away. Research shows
Oh My, Blood!. Lastly, we looked at my white blood cells, since they are the last to die after leaving the body. Thankfully, they were in
Lack of Sleep Disrupts Our Genes. Understanding more about how sleep affects genetic function holds great promise in illuminating these pathways and could open important new avenues for both treatment and prevention of illness and disease.
GPS Guide. For more GPS Guides, click here. For more on mindfulness, click here. Try these simple exercises to help you stay calm and
Biographer Elizabeth Winder on Sylvia Plath's Food and Body Issues. Ever since I read The Bell Jar, Sylvia Plath's autobiographical novel, I've wondered if Plath had an eating disorder. Apparently, I'm not the only one. There's much discussion on the Internet about the link between Plath's dark moods and her suspected eating issues.
The Road Rage Warrior. It's not easy driving in traffic with people cutting you off, traffic backing up, and people disobeying the traffic rules. It's easy to get angry. But the reality is that you are driving a 4,000-pound vehicle at 65 miles per hour with almost no room for error.
Deepak Chopra. What it comes down to, then, and what science helps us consider, is that there is an omnipotent, omnipresent force in the universe that creates everything we see, touch, taste and experience.
Doctor Burnout. A national survey published in the Archives of Internal Medicine in 2012 reported that US physicians suffer more burnout
The 4 Quadrants of Creation. Think of something you have thus far failed to achieve or create. Now answer this question
Cancer Survivor Number To Grow To 18 Million By 2022, Study Finds. The estimations are based on data from the Surveillance, Epidemiology and End Results Program and the U.S. Census Bureau
Dedicated to a Cause. Last Wednesday, March 20, the Connecticut Assembly's Public Health Committee began its consideration of a bill modeled after Oregon's Death with Dignity Act. My heart swelled as I sat with them and heard the witness of these decent, altruistic, dedicated people.
It's Time for Adults to Stop Bullying Kids and Each Other. There are lots of ways to define bullying and not all experts agree with this definition, but the closest one that we have to an \official\ one is aggressive behavior that is intentional and that involves an imbalance of power. Most often, it is repeated over time.\
'The Biggest Loser' Winner Danni On How She Really Lost The Weight. The Biggest Loser crowned a winner, Danni, in the season 14 finale of the NBC show last week. We caught up with the recently
Cultivating Self-Affection During Tricky Times. Spring, in all her glory, dares the frosty air.  Do we?  Do we dare to shake off the wintry cold that hardens hearts and dampens dreams?  Do we dare to bloom today, to become that which is best in our hearts, and that which most inspires our spirit?  Do we dare?
Mindfulness Could Improve College Students' Testing Ability, Study Finds. The study, published in the journal Psychological Science, shows that mindfulness training could help college students do
6 Things Your Dreams Can Tell You About Your Health. Your Blood Sugar Could Be Low If people with diabetes experience a serious dip in blood sugar, one possible symptom can be
Tecfidera, Oral Multiple Sclerosis Drug, Approved By FDA. \That's an excellent label,\ said Yee. \I expect the drug to meet consensus of $300 million this year, and over five years
Skinny People Just Don't Get It. America's appetite is out of control. Yes, we have an obesity epidemic. But far more disconcerting is the rampant lack of understanding and compassion for the daily, minute-to-minute struggle that the vast majority contend with being overweight or obese.
From Couch to Tough Mudder Workout. These moves will target areas of the body needed to hurdle, crouch, lunge and jump your way to victory and once mastered, you'll be fully prepared for the obstacles in the Warrior Dash, Tough Mudder, Spartan Race or a local version of these adventure races sweeping the nation.
What About Love?. Your emotional side is the door to your spiritual side. Your spiritual side may not be known to you completely but it is certainly there. Connect with it and see the magic of life.
What Gut Bacteria Have To Do With Weight Loss. For many obese patients, particularly those with type 2 diabetes, gastric bypass has succeeded where nothing else has. Severely
I'm Sick of Alcoholism. I used to get really angry with the alcoholics who relapsed. I'd see them shirking their responsibilities just as my father had shirked his. But, as I got older, I began to see that no shirking was really involved.  Alcoholism is a powerful foe.
Studies Focus On Gut Bacteria In Weight Loss. The bacterial makeup of the intestines may help determine whether people gain weight or lose it, according to two new studies
My Health Insurance Nightmare. I can hear the collective sighs of all of us who have been through the ringer when it comes to health insurance companies. My first phone call was to our health insurance company for pre-approval (cue scary music). No really, think Norman Bates scary.
5 Breathing Tools to Break Work Stress. With employees working long hours -- their shoulders hunched over computers and checking email at lightening speed -- it's no wonder many don't take the time to breathe. But breathing is more important than ever before.
Metro Areas With Highest And Lowest Well-Being. Plus, the 11 places that scored the lowest for overall well-being.
Day 27. Living a happy life then isn't about stamping out your fears but using them as a barometer to check whether or not you're living your life to the fullest
Breath Tests Could Soon Predict Heart Failure, Obesity. In the last 10 to 20 years, Dweik added, more sensitive technology has allowed scientists to detect specific particles in
Gratitude. I am so grateful for this miraculous life. I can't explain exactly how I've been thrust into such an evocative and openhearted place of gratitude exactly, but wow, am I feeling open, sunny, and joyful, and just so totally appreciative of the wonder of this all.
Gum Chewing Could Improve Concentration. Researchers had two groups of 20 people each listen to a 30-minute recording that included a sequence of numbers. After listening
What 2,000 Calories Looks Like (VIDEO). What does 2,000 calories look like? The folks over at BuzzFeed decided to investigate. You might recall that information
Why Snacking Can Stall Fat Loss and Fast Metabolism. Based on my research and experience, I'm against snacking for fat loss and fast metabolism. Snacking has become a multibillion-dollar industry where manufacturers push an ever-widening array of Frankenfoods loaded with high-fructose corn syrup and trans fat.
Are You Alive?. Are you alive? It might seem to be a silly question, as you are obviously technically alive since you are reading this. But are you truly alive and living the life you were born to live -- a life of purpose, vitality and meaning?
The Man Behind the Mask. I don't judge people by the way they look, but if I see something different or unusual, I tend to stare. I think this is true for most people. However, I don't stare anymore. For more days than I'd like to count, I was the person people stared at.
Yoga. This is an interview with John Morgan, an Army veteran in recovery from alcohol abuse. John's yoga service began on Veterans Day 2012 at a treatment center in eastern Connecticut for veterans, active duty personnel, and dependents.
Processing Food, Processing... You?!. Anyone living and eating in the modern world, and paying even a little attention, knows that we are a very long way from eating food, not too much, mostly plants. Not only does our food come mostly in bags, boxes, bottles, jars and cans -- but mostly, it isn't really food.
What I Teach My Daughters When They Watch Me Eat. Sure, we know our children learn things by watching us, but they are also developing a perspective on life. They are starting to develop mental constructs about what is OK and what's not, and that is a really great thing.
Cancer Messed With the Wrong B*tch. I was diagnosed with Stage 3 inflammatory breast cancer. I was 30 years old. I had no insurance. I was screwed.
Healthy Snack Tips. Plus, what you can do to avoid them.
GPS Guide. GPS Guides are our way of showing you what has relieved others' stress in the hopes that you will be able to identify solutions
4 Keys to Developing and Maintaining Friendships. We need friendships in our lives to supplement our existing romantic, marital or family relationships. Yet most adult friendships are based on proximity rather than on a purposeful pursuit.
For Resident Doctors, Shorter Shifts Mean More Mistakes. Mandated shorter on-duty shifts for resident physicians has not improved patient care nor has it noticeably reduced the numbers
Brooke Burke-Charvet's Healthy-Living Secrets. You'd never guess looking at her now, but just four months ago Brooke Burke-Charvet was undergoing treatment for thyroid
Mind-Expanding Rave, Anyone? I've Got a Kid Inside Me... Not Drugs. A friend first told me about the \yoga rave\ last Friday night as we sipped on Mojitos in a bar (at a more reasonable hour
Got MS? Focus on What You Can Do, Not on What You Can't. A week after returning from a snowboarding trip, Emmy-award-winning talk show host Montel William recalls how, 15 years ago, a doctor not only diagnosed Williams with multiple sclerosis (MS) but also advised Williams that he would be confined to a wheelchair within four years.
Giving Yourself Space. I move fairly fast and for anyone who knows me, they would probably say that is an understatement.
How To Do The Perfect Push-Up. Push-ups -- we've all done 'em, but sometimes they just don't look so pretty. Fear not! We've got the guide to get it right
7 Ways To Prepare For Spring Allergies. By Mikel Theobald for Everyday Health You can feel it in the air -- spring allergies are fast approaching. With the changing
Take Your Feline From Flabby to Fit. It's helpful to provide your cat with something to climb on, like a multi-level cat tree or tower. At least you'll know he's been stretching, clawing and working his climbing muscles whenever you see him gazing down at you from atop his tree.
The Torture of Birthing Lovely Things. This weekend, I was reminded that the process of creating lovely things is sometimes far from lovely. For many years, I believed that if something were \meant to be\ and held goodness and rightness, then the process of creating it would be graced with ease. I know better now.
'Those Who Don't Believe in Magic Will Never Find It'. My favorite thing in the whole world is miracles. Miracles are natural and normal and happen all the time... once we give up antiquated ways of thinking.
Kindness, the Anti-YouTube Sensation. It seems that noble qualities are valued in proportion to how publicly they are witnessed, and the more public, the more elevated, the more elevated, the more isolated.
Sexual Genius. In a nutshell, her thesis is this
Disconnect. In the 1840s, Benjamin Disraeli, still a long way from being prime minister, wanted to wake people up to the plight of the British working class. The alarm he sounded wasn't delivered in a speech, a pamphlet, or an article -- but in a novel, Sybil, published in 1845. Ever since I read Sybil when I was at Cambridge, I've loved thinkers and writers who use storytelling to reach people and get us to act. And so it was that I found myself moderating a panel discussion last week with the director and two cast members of a movie that uses storytelling to wake us up to one of the biggest problems of our modern age
Reignite Your Passion at Work in 5 Simple Steps. Burnout, fatigue, disengagement, and a lack of passion for our work are all signs that it is time to make a change. It is time to reclaim your excitement, learn something new, challenge the status quo, take a day of rest and reconnect to your strengths.
The Times They Are A-Changin'. Certainly we can choose to hold onto the idols and ideas that give us meaning and a sense of awareness and place in the world.  But we don't need to.  And therein lies the great lesson for us all.
Social Isolation Could Raise Risk Of Early Death. Being socially isolated from the friends and family you love could raise your risk of dying early, a new study suggests. What's
The Tabata Workout Program. Fit in four minutes. It sounds like a hyperbolic headline from a buffed-up health magazine; an unattainable promise uttered
In Praise of Following Random Instincts. In a rational culture like the United States where you are supposed to have a plan (and a retirement plan), it can feel countercultural to follow a quirky whisper, intuition or impulse.
Forgiveness Is a Verb. Most of us think of forgiveness as a gift that we give to another person. But first and foremost, forgiveness is a gift we give to ourselves.
Do We Ever Get Over Self-Doubt? I Used to Doubt It, But I'm Getting Over That. Today everything is digital, and we now have delete buttons. Your slate is clean. Stay on top of your junk, and when something shows up in your life that does not serve you, see it for what it is. Junk. Press the delete button and send it on its way.
Quick Tips for Choosing a Dog or Puppy. As a dog trainer, I relish pre-adoptions consultations -- helping people consider the right dog for their lifestyle and preparing their household for the new addition.  Here are my top five tips.
Two Simple Yet Powerful Pattern Busters. Breaking the habitual patterns from the past is actually a lot easier and more satisfying than you may imagine. The rewards for challenging the old ways of being and doing are immediate and long lasting. And if you follow the instructions here, it can even be fun.
Lazy Excuses. 4. \I Am Content.\ So you\u2019re bored but okay with it. With all due respect, this line is ridiculous. This is what we say when
New and Healthy Food Finds. This year, I carefully planned which companies I wanted to visit at Natural Foods Expo West in each of the six huge exhibit halls. Here are my finds of the day, which are all made from whole foods with minimal ingredients.
Fearlessly Facing Your Tax Season Angst. Paying taxes forces people to review earnings and expenses and can highlight their money woes. It can also lead to a feeling of powerlessness. No one likes to be told what to do, especially when it comes to their hard-earned money.
Are You Tired of Taking Care of Everyone But Yourself?. As we age, we may get tired of taking care of everyone else, and never getting our own needs met.  Can we learn how to be different?  Can we change?
Tabura. \And you can make friends. Research findings show that the single most important factor to sticking with any exercise program
Positive Emotions, Good Health Have Strong Link In Developing Countries, Study Finds. The researchers also gathered average gross domestic products (GDPs) per capita in U.S. dollars from data in the 2005 U.N
The Health Benefits of Passover. We are instructed that we can optionally eat reclining, no longer slaves and in a hurry. This allows us to chew our food better, which can aid digestion and gives the entire experience a feeling of relaxation that counters stress.
Are You Love Addicted?. Valuing yourself can start by lovingly seeing the innocent child within you -- your essence. This is your true self, and may have been covered over by the fears and false beliefs of your ego-wounded self that you created as you grew up, to try to get love and avoid pain.
Cold Sore Virus May Raise Risk Of Cognitive Problems, Study Suggests. Some potentially bad news for people who get cold sores -- the virus that causes those pesky, itchy sores might also be linked
HIV and TB. It is time to commit the resources and energies needed to go the distance. It will take all of us -- governments, donors, civil society, affected communities, and businesses -- to achieve this goal. We must act now to stop people living with HIV from dying of TB.
My Personal Playlist for Spring 2013. When I am devising a new playlist, either for myself or the athletes that I work with, there are many factors that influence my choices of tracks. Certain qualities of music can render a particular track appropriate for the sport and exercise domain.
Meditation Made Simple. Enjoying this series? Start your own practice at Headspace.com. Enter Headspace. Headspace is a project that has set out
When Life Tells Us Otherwise, How Should We Accept Ourselves?. Everyone lives with weaknesses and insecurities. Life is too rich with variety for this not to be the case. Our task is to accept ourselves in the vast sea of life's storms so that we anchor the truth of who we are amid the strong tide.
REM Sleep Behavior Disorder Could Predict Dementia With Lewy Bodies, Study Finds. In addition to dementia, REM sleep behavior disorder has been associated with neurodegenerative diseases such as Parkinson's
The $3,750 Question. Although it seemed wrong to subject an elderly pet to a painful ordeal, the price tag was a factor, absolutely. My husband and I made the rational, perhaps cold decision to preserve resources for the humans in the family.
Change Your Life. Life is too short to spend your time being unhappy and adding to a long list of regrets.  Put fear aside, really evaluate what you want out of life and how best to get it, and then go for it!  You only get one go around, so why are you still at the starting gate?
Why Your Loved One's Dementia Doesn't Have to Be a Death Sentence for You, Too. Remember that as close as you may be to your spouse (or parent), his or her death sentence is not your death sentence.  Protect yourself from undue stress by staying strong and remembering that you have a choice in how you choose to react to your loved one's illness.
Our Comfortable Affliction. The heroes of our flavor-of-the-day news cycles are not those who prove to be right or actually know what they are talking about. The heroes on any given day are the iconoclasts, conspiracy theorists, and -- just plain wing nuts. Affliction is the plat du jour, and these -- its master chefs.
Senate Committee Passes Bill To End Ban On HIV-Positive Organ Donation. \u201cWe would like to see as many safe transplants occurring as possible, and there\u2019s no reason why H.I.V.-positive recipients
Energy Drinks May Be Riskier For Some Hearts More Than Others. \Energy Drinks
Prediabetes Rate. In its report, the CDC noted that only 14 percent of Americans even know prediabetes exists -- but the agency was also clear
The Seder Plate And Your Health. 5. Horseradish Grandpa might encourage you to eat this bitter herb to clear out your sinuses, but horseradish has doctor
Beauty Tips. She looks great, but do the rituals she swears by actually work?
In the Name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost. Patient outcomes have been superseded by paperwork. The new computer revolution now institutionalizes this fixation electronically. Patient care gets lost in the shuffle, often competing head to head with the bureaucratic demands.
Dog Sense. \Where do you live? What apartment? What's your phone number?\ said the middle-aged man with a wave of white hair, which appealed to me more as a potentially comfy perch than an attractive human feature. I could smell trouble as soon as he came around the corner.
The Dedicated Doctor [Infographic]. More than 850,000 physicians were licensed to practice in 2010. But with the baby boomer generation retiring and an estimated 32 million Americans getting insured through the Affordable Care Act, projections estimate that as many as 130,000 new physicians will be needed by 2025.
Stress Management. By Rachel Pomerance for U.S. News Make a prioritized checklist of what needs to be addressed and tackle each item sequentially
Day 25. Figure skaters remind me of what's possible in terms of triumphing over the urge to have a temper tantrum or wallow in self-pity and instead keep living your life with full brilliance and passion.
Paula Deen Diet Still Includes French Fries After Weight Loss (VIDEO). Celebrity chef Paula Deen has lost a lot of weight -- about 40 pounds -- since revealing to the world that she had been diagnosed
Soybean Meal Peptides Could Stop Colon, Liver And Lung Cancer Growth. \Dose response showed that the peptides had significant inhibitory effect at higher concentrations \u2026 and gradually decreased
How to Handle the Triggers That Drive Us Crazy. Triggers are certain people and situations that bring out our -- let's just say -- less-attractive sides. They are targeted little emotional barbs that cause us to react quickly, without thinking, and in ways we regret later.
Spring Cleaning. While it still may not feel like spring, winter has, at least officially, come and gone. We're hoping for warmer weather
Important Women In Health And Medicine. Want more? Check out our original 50
How Taking Photos Can Improve Your Mental Health. By picking up a camera and using any or all of these simple tools and techniques, you are not only being present and creative, but you are actually practicing mindfulness, which reduces stress and helps leave you balanced and ready to take on the rest of your day.
Does A Vegan Diet Help Your Skin?. More from YouBeauty.com
Day 24. The trick is not to start things lightly, be it a novel or an exercise class, and not say \yes\ before you really realize what it will entail. You'll feel a lot better if you only start a few things but always finish them. Knowing you can trust and rely on yourself is a great thing indeed.
Spring Cleaning Our Lives. For most of us, spring cleaning our physical space is not so challenging. Spring cleaning our lives, however, is not so easy. It requires a strong desire to let go of the old and perhaps the comfortable, that which no longer serves.
Tuberculosis. We face a lengthy war to be fought tenaciously on many fronts, and likely over many decades, as we move toward our goal of tuberculosis control and, ultimately, elimination.
What Your Children Cost You in Sleep. Every parent knows that having children means losing sleep. This begins with your pregnancy and extends through the course of your childrens' early years, and can exact a serious toll on your physical and mental health.
7 Happy Life Events That Commonly Cause Stress. It's an unfortunate paradox that many of life's most momentous occasions are both the best of times and the worst of times
Cultivating Equanimity Through Adversity. I didn't choose to cultivate equanimity.  It chose me.  My experience has taught me that nothing is permanent. Change is inevitable; sometimes it brings pleasure, sometimes pain.  While you can't avoid pain, you can choose to suffer less.
10 Tips to Ease Performance Anxiety. The key to staying calm is not getting nervous about feeling nervous. Finding a balance between controlling as much as you can, while recognizing there will be some things you can't control, is key to not letting your nerves interfere.
Day 23. I find total absorption in something much easier than meditation, with the added bonus that you have something to show for it at the end. And the few hours you spent free from thought will stand you in very good stead with whatever you need to do next.
Probiotics Could Ease Stress-Induced Intestinal Problems, Study Finds. Researchers from the University of Michigan found that stress can wreak havoc on the gut by inducing inflammation (which
The Next Step. We can only take one step at the time, physically and in life. We can take big steps, which in many ways feel like giant leaps, but we can still only master one big step at the time.
Healthy Breakfast Tips. Many of my patients admit to skipping breakfast with this excuse
I Lost Weight. For more on weight loss, click here. Name
About Death, II. Scared of death? Sure I am, I'm no hero and I'll probably fight against the dying of the light like anyone else. But ultimately, if I have an ultimately, I'm just damn glad I got to be here. And damn grateful to everyone (and I mean that in absolutely the widest sense) who made it possible.
FDA Needs New Standards for Studying Alzheimer's Drugs. In the end, it may turn out that attacking today's biomarkers may not prevent Alzheimer's. The answer, though, won't be known unless the FDA revises its rules, a gamble we may want to take given the alternative.
Cancer's Journey. I realized that my seed of a wish to witness change in people's experience with cancer was blossoming before my eyes. Just within my relatively short lifetime, we have evolved in opportunities and options, enabling people with cancer to have a better quality of life.
Defending Against Loss. By opening to his own grief instead of armoring himself with anger, Justin was finally able to start the healing process. His grief had never gone away; it had just been hidden. Once he was willing to open to it and feel it, his own sorrow could show him the way home to peace.
Affordable Care Act at 3. Americans are getting more value for their health care dollars due to the health care law. Affordable Care Act initiatives are promoting coordinated care; paying for quality, not quantity; and dramatically reducing fraud and waste, contributing to the slowest growth in national health spending in 50 years.
Chronic Pain and Your Social Life. Clients with whom I've worked suffering from chronic pain symptoms often articulate to me that the most frustrating aspect of living with chronic pain is the unpredictability of the symptoms themselves.
Keeping the Scales Tipped at Happiness. When she finished with her reply, she smiled that familiar grin, patted me ever so gently on the arm and walked away. At that time, I wasn't astute enough to understand that her smile camouflaged a deep sadness. Yet she wore that grin well and seldom ever frowned.
Choose How You Want to Feel. Instead of trying to change your feelings (as cognitive therapy attempts to do), change how you choose to view your thoughts. Practicing this way, we can notice what's without immediately reacting, thus become better to choose how we want to react.
7 Things I Stopped Stressing About. Despite being a stage-five worrier, I try to keep my anxiety in its proper perspective. But after researching and writing a piece published earlier this week about what stress is doing to your body, I realized I still have a long way to go when it comes to handling the ever-present stress in my life.
De-Stressing Inspiration. Many people think they have do either a full practice or nothing at all, but this type of all-or-nothing thinking sets up the possibility for failure more often than success.
Why Every CEO in America Should Be Encouraging Meditation in the Work Place. America is one of the greatest countries in the world because we take what works the best and disregard the rest. I think we should take a few minutes a day to pause, reflect and do some meditation in our office chair.
Unexplained Symptoms? It's Not Necessarily 'All in Your Head'. Health and mental health practitioners need not see an alcoholic behind every symptom in order to recognize that there are indeed prodromal signs that may be evident years before a patient's drinking might be \diagnosable.\
Mystery House Hunter Theater 3000. The second thing that confounds me about this show on a regular basis is how the camera crew, producer, and director can
TOBI Podhaler. Most cystic fibrosis patients infected with this bacteria are currently treated with a nebulizer, a larger drug delivery
Day 22. It does seem a little unfair that we have to go through so much face-falling in life. I'm not sure why this should be the case, but I chose to believe we're given challenges so we can learn to be courageous. Because, in terms of life lessons, nothing feels much better than being brave.
GPS Guide. In her GPS Guide below, Lynn Cluess Manzione shares the strategies, inspirations and images she uses to find balance and
Rehearsing for Life and Death. I think after a year and a half of working at a cancer support and wellness center in the D.C. metro area, I am just coming to understand what drew me to this work.  I volunteer once a week to lead a mindfulness meditation group.
Why Hospital Choice Matters. As our health care system moves from compensating providers on the basis of quantity of care to quality of care, it's very important to measure hospital performance.  But a key limitation for that measurement is patient selection.
Advantages of Dating After 40. One benefit of dating after 40 is that by this age, most of us have had a variety of experiences in at least one serious relationship. This gives us the opportunity to reflect on our patterns. We can think about the people we have chosen and question the traits we are looking for.
10 Great Reminders Of How Much We Love Sleep. It protects our memory, our hearts, our waistlines from expanding. It keeps stroke, diabetes and cancer risk in check. Not
Emergency Defibrillators. Officials at Zoll were not immediately reachable for comment. Most problems involved the design or manufacture of the device
FDA Head Proposes Charging Compounding Pharmacies For Oversight. Since the NECC case came to light, the FDA has insisted that its authority over specialty pharmacies is too limited. Hamburg
Health Reform's Success Depends on Language Access. March 23 marks the third anniversary of the Affordable Care Act.  As we celebrate this year's birthday, let's make sure that all communities, including those who don't speak English, are able to benefit.
Healthwashing With a Green Label. As the FDA and other government organizations continue to debate front of label systems, a new study suggests design and color deserve as much attention as the nutrition information itself if we are to really help consumers reach informed food choices.
Coaches, Therapists, Healers. Quite often, when we contemplate major change, major evolution in our lives, the reaction we get from our dear ones is a combination of an attempt at support, combined with fear that can manifest as undermining, judging us or lashing out.
CDC. Today the CDC announced a 72 percent increase in the diagnosis of autism over the past four years. One of every 50 children aged 6 years to 17 years has an autism spectrum diagnosis.
My Colonoscopy. Take good care of yourself, and you will be taking good care of your GI tract. Take good care of your GI tract, and it will very probably take good care of you. But it is working hard every day, and may well suffer effects of wear and tear as a result, much like your skin.
Low T (Testosterone). It is important to get the scientific facts right when it comes to futzing with the body's hormones.  Eye of newt and whatever else goes into love potions may be useless but harmless.  That's not necessarily so when forcing powerful sex hormones into the body.
The Psychology Of Effective Workout Music. In fact, the human brain may have evolved with the expectation that, wherever there is music, there is movement\u2014although
4 Steps to Determine What's Missing in Your Life (And What the Heck to Do About It). It's incredibly important to be able to pinpoint the moments, people and experiences that trigger these feelings. Even if your whole life feels like it's in a funk, you have to start noticing more specific moments that cause that feeling in order to start making positive changes.
My Experience With John of God. In this video, I tell the story of how this miracle man guided my spiritual awakening, reorganized my plans and changed my life forever.
How To Create An Optimal Workout Playlist. The Black-Eyed Peas Costas Karageorghis of Brunel University, one of the world's leading experts on the psychology of exercise
Finding My Community at Stupid Cancer's OMG Summit for Young Adults. From the get go, I've been treated at a pediatric hospital, on pediatric protocols, and may, by age, be considered pediatric -- but I am far from it. For once, I was in a room with survivors that got me.
Somatic Symptom Disorder. Doctors may soon be doling out the diagnosis \somatic symptom disorder\ (SSD) in clinical practice, and some mental health
Dirgha. Many people are surprised when I say thank you in their language (I have learned how to say it in many languages), but Dirgha takes it in stride and simply says \You're welcome.\
Biggest Loser Runner-Up Jeff Lost 181 Pounds. Got a success story of your own? Send it to us at success.stories@huffingtonpost.com and you could be featured on the site
Tuberculosis Rates In U.S. Reached All-Time Low Last Year, But Resistance Still A Threat. That was up slightly from 1.3 percent reported in 2010. The CDC said there was only one case in the United States of extensively
We're Eating Too Much Salt -- And It's Associated With Heart-Related Deaths. And it's killing us. Residents of some countries consumed less salt than others; for example, residents in Kenya and Malawi
Day 21. If you take care to love the life you have, to nurture and appreciate it, then waiting is no longer so frustrating. It can even become exciting, as exciting as the countdown to Christmas.
Speak Up and Be Counted!. While there's a fine line between being involved and being overbearing, it's necessary for you, as a family caregiver, to foster open lines of communication -- and this includes questioning decisions concerning your loved one's health.
Stuck in the 20-Something. Happiness is not a destination, it is the whole ride. Us 20-year-olds need to stop looking at our boyfriends, our jobs, our weight and our paychecks to find happiness. It will never be there. Our happiness is with us, always.
Tea Addiction Results In Woman's Tooth Loss. As a result, her bones had become so brittle that her teeth had to be extracted. \Her bone density was very high, seven times
Why I Gave Up Coffee for a Bit. I don't know!!! How about if we take a vote? Tell me what I should do! Of course I will always make my own decision, but
Shrug It Off. As the weather warms up, and you trade in your winter weather wear for lighter garb, I invite you to evaluate the bags you carry around -- that stoop your shoulders, leech your energy and distract your mind.
The Yoga Injuries Debate. Brace yourself
How to Stop 'Shoulding' Yourself to Death. What are we afraid will happen if we stop \shoulding\ all over ourselves? We have been taught, mistakenly, that if we don't \should\ ourselves into action, we will become like those giant sloths that hang on trees -- inert. If not controlled, we would be unkind, ungrateful, un-generous, unproductive and every other \un\ you can think of.
True Health in a Faux Health World. In our zeal to manage our increasing health problems, we didn't notice that many health problems we are working to \manage\ shouldn't even be there in the first place.  I have seen this trend in veterinary care as well.
I Lost Weight. Name
Top 5 Reasons Why Now Is the Perfect Time to Lose Weight. I think spring 2013 is absolutely the best time in history for you to permanently solve your weight problem. Here are the top five reasons why.
Compassion and Business?. We all have been held by a powerful relationship in our lives at one time or another, and those of us fortunate enough to experience that relational power in a business setting have usually seen the results that were delivered to be beyond what would have otherwise been possible.
Creative Living, Enriched Loving. If you find yourself flat-lining today, anxious, or recently lacking joy in how you are investing time and energy, it is possible to shift.  Why wait?  If we do not enjoy the moment to the degree we wish, let us consult our desire and re-imagine.
Get in Control! (And Make It a Ritual). I would like to talk about how we can get control of our thoughts, actions and speech.  Because those elements determine whether we are truly able to live in a healthy and sustainable way.
Fighting Cancer With... Joy?. Since my name is Joy, I have found my life's purpose in helping others fight cancer with Joy, literally and figuratively! I help them discover how to transform that paralyzing fear of dying into happiness! Because given a choice, would you rather fight cancer with Joy or without it?
Best Spring Foods For Health. Sprouts and shoots aren't the only healthful foods of the season.
Uncontrolled High Blood Pressure May Raise Alzheimer's Risk. \Identifying the most significant risk factors for amyloid deposition in seemingly healthy adults will be critical in advancing
Valleys. Cancer has a profound effect on everyone
Is the International Day of Happiness a Happy Initiative?. It is important to understand that these happiness technologies, which will have a real impact on our \life experience,\ are a new type of technology. Again, they are not designed to change the world but to change ourselves, our behaviors, our relations to others and our lifestyles.
Talking About Cancer. Like I said, life is a conversation.  I'm good at helping the non-colon cancer world talk about it.  What do you wanna talk about?
What's Behind the Secret Epidemic of Hypothyroidism. Why All the Thyroid Problems? Think about what the thyroid does. It regulates metabolism, the \pace of life,\ among other
Colin Macduff, Former Bike Shop Welder, Makes Prosthetic Finger Out Of Bicycle Parts. (Story continues below.) \It was very therapeutic for me,\ he told ABC. \u201cEach finger is customized to each amputation,\u201d Macduff
'Healthy' Fast Food Dishes Like Egg White McMuffins, Turkey Burgers Could Boost Companies' Profits. The impact of offering healthy dishes on fast food companies' bottom line is also magnified by the fact that few people eat
Condolence. Some have suggested that sending a condolence card is in fact part of a physician's professional obligation to a patient.  Families may be comforted by the affirmation that their loved one was not merely a name on a roster, but a person, whose death is noteworthy.
Healthiest County Rankings Reveal State Of America's Health. There were also notable differences in some factors between the most healthy and least healthy counties. For example, there
Olive Oil Makes People Feel Fuller Than Other Fats, Study Finds. By Christopher Intagliata (Click here for the original article and podcast) Olive oil is thought to be healthy because it's
The Long Road to Las Vegas. The Stupid Cancer Road Trip was a collaborative effort between Stupid Cancer and Volkswagen to promote the cause of young adult cancer. We're looking forward to returning to Vegas this year, and plan on repeating the road trip in partnership with the Chevy Volt team.
Experimental Immune System Therapy For Leukemia Shows Huge Promise. Normal T cells find and attack only invaders studded with homing beacons they're able to recognize. That's why the immune
Spring Equinox. This year, the first day of spring falls on March 20, which just happens to be the first annual International Day of Happiness
What Big Soda Learned From the Marlboro Man. Food isn't tobacco.  And Coca-Cola isn't Philip Morris.  But the playbook is the same, and we ignore it at our peril.
On Surviving a Brain Cancer Death Sentence. My father is now a long-term survivor who has completely defied the conventional wisdom about his disease. He has survived for seven years
Day 20. I believe that difficult things happen so we can learn from them. I don't believe this because I know it to be true -- how can I? -- but because, a long time ago, I decided it'd be the best way to look at life.
The Semantics of Cancer. We should be more sensitive to how we speak about and to those dancing on the cancer life-and-death line. Leave the stereotypes and the judgments aside and listen. Let's turn up the love and respect and turn down the need to pounce with our own solutions.
No Strain, No Gain. We often presume to know why certain things are good for us. But when it comes to lifestyles, proving what is good and why proves quite difficult.
Living on the Edge of Everything. Those who seem to be most alive, most in touch with life and their own creative powers are individuals who are demonstrating what it means to live on the edge of their own potential.
Spring Health Benefits. The sun is out just a little bit later, we're peeling off the winter tights and there's that certain je ne sais quoi on the
The Secret to Happiness. If I had a takeaway from the two inspirational speakers for the day, it would be that kindness is contagious, and it leads to greater benefits for the giver, and that happiness is about wanting what you already have.
How to Resist Temptation and Actually Stick to Your Health Goals. The ability to overcome temptation and effectively say no is critical not only to your physical health, but also to maintaining a sense of well-being and control in your mental health.
Stop Eating So Many Carbs -- They Make You Fat. I'm not advocating a ban on carbs as a quick weight loss scheme. I don't believe in quick weight loss schemes or diets. But I am convinced as a nation we eat too many carbs, especially refined carbs.
Gluten-Free Recipes. Cakes And Pies 1. Chocolate Cupcakes Who says sugar is the only way to satisfy a sweet tooth? This recipe is free of added
Depression Raises Death Risk Among Heart Failure Patients. Researchers found an association between having depression and risk of being hospitalized or dying in the followup period
The Neuroscience of Mindfulness. When you understand the underlying physiology of mindfulness, you begin to see that any discussion about human change, learning, education, even politics and social issues, ends up being about mindfulness.
No Grades for Cancer. When I was diagnosed with cancer in the middle of college, I threw myself into the study of being a \good\ cancer patient. But it didn't take long for me to realize that cancer doesn't play favorites with the teacher's pets.
Erectile Dysfunction Largely Goes Untreated, Study Finds. Recently, HuffPost 50 reported on how erectile dysfunction is actually a significant risk factor for heart disease. Most
Chewing Gum Doesn't Lead to Weight Loss, Study Suggests. Prior to playing the game, half of the participants chewed either Juicy Fruit gum or Wrigley's Spearmint gum. But despite
College Basketball and Your Kidneys. Since kidney health and college basketball were both on my mind, I started to think about some of the similarities between preparing for a big basketball match-up and preventing injury to your kidneys.
Meditation Apps For Inner Peace (On The Go). In our non-stop contemporary lives, it helps when mindfulness can be practiced on-the-go. Fortunately, you don't have to
Still. Last week, I went to see a one-man show at a private arts club. In the midst of his monologue, the performer stopped himself and said, \What would you do if you woke up in the morning and knew you were going to die?\ I sat up. Now that's a question.
Will Mobile 'Virtual Assistants' Propel the Future of Medicine?. The future of a quality, efficient health care system rests in our ability to press industry players to embrace collaboration and push for the creation of a connected ecosystem where, from patient to payer, mHealth technology acts as the ember to spark ongoing innovation.
Jobs By Well-Being. As far as unhealthy habits are concerned, transportation workers were the most likely to be obese, with 37.1 percent of them
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
A Steadfast Commitment to End the Tobacco Epidemic. For far too long, tobacco use has remained the leading preventable cause of death and disease in the United States. That's why the President has prioritized protecting Americans from tobacco's deadly health consequences.
Because He Can. The best leaders allow instincts to flourish. They understand that there's more than one way to field a ball, score a goal, or do anything for that matter.
This Is Your Body On Stress (INFOGRAPHIC). Exactly what happens to your brain, heart, skin and muscles.
Day 19. Self-pity is seductive, wrapping its soft arms around you until you fall asleep, and you must be strong against it. If you sink into this particular feather mattress for too long, you may never wake up.
Moving Forward After Cancer. Most people assume that being done with treatment and declared cancer free means you no longer have a care in the world. That made me angry. I so badly wanted for them to understand what I was feeling inside mentally.
Cancer With a Toddler in the House. Parenting is hard. Parenting a toddler is especially hard. Parenting a toddler while going through six months of chemotherapy is indescribable.
Contagious Cancer. What are contagious cancers? By Marissa Fessenden (Click here for the original article) And even cells from your own body
Why Is Your Birthday Motivating?. It seems that landmark dates can help people to see the difference between who they are now and who they would like to be.  This difference can be motivating to engage in activities to improve the future self.
Arianna Talks About De-Stressing At Work. Watch below
Right View and Patience. After we learn to view anger as a dysfunctional emotion, we can work on changing our views of the situations that cause us to become angry into views that do not lead to anger.
Mindfulness Helps Us Understand Our True Personalities, Study Says. It's easy to have blind spots when examining our own selves and personalities. After all, it's incredibly difficult to judge
Emotional Eating as a Coping Mechanism. Most of the time our problems are within our control to fix, and eating is likely not going to help. Thus, what we should be doing is focusing on how to fix our problems. That's where problem-focused coping comes in.
Brain Injury Awareness Month. March is Brain Injury Awareness Month. It is of great importance to raise the general awareness of the prevalence of brain injury, since even mild brain injury can have devastating impact on a person's life.
Fighting Perfectionism Fearlessly. Many of my patients are highly educated, leaders in their industries, and among the best and the brightest.  They're also perfectionists, and this can be a real problem for them as it can lead to feelings of anxiety and depression, and often wreaks havoc on relationships.
Gentleness and Co-Dependence. Since life can be abrupt and harsh, it's a constant challenge to meet experience without shutting down. If we're too guarded, we're never touched by what matters. On the contrary, it seems that to be touched by what matters, we need to develop our gentleness.
I Lost Weight. Name
The 7-Step Guide to Misery. Why would someone make the choice to be miserable? Because it is often a way of getting attention and of attempting to get someone else to be responsible for them. If this is what you want, here is a roadmap to make sure you accomplish your goal!
How Sitting Too Much Is Making Us Sick and Fat -- And What to Do About It. There's no question that regular exercise is essential to health. For the vast majority of our evolutionary history, we've had to exert ourselves -- often quite strenuously -- to get food, find shelter and simply survive.
Perfection Is Overrated -- Be Happy Instead. When I was a younger, I wanted the perfect nose -- one of those small, indistinctive noses that blend into the background of the model's face on a magazine cover. My Italian genetics, however, gave me another type of nose.
'Success' Is Such an Elusive Word. The definition of success is truly in \the eye of the beholder.\  What for one person constitutes having achieved everything they've ever wanted might be seem like a gross underachievement to someone else.
How to Discover and Embrace Your Ultimate Truth. I didn't want to take anyone else's word of what the truth was any longer.  Instead, I wanted to experience the truth for myself.  So, with childlike trust and wonder, I embarked upon another journey of self-discovery -- only this time, I went by choice.
Plyometrics. Deborah McConnell, a health and fitness instructor with equipment manufacturer Life Fitness, incorporates plyometrics into
Why Your Physician Should Get Serious About Your Happiness. Unfortunately, modern medicine has little appreciation for this positive emotion-health connection. When is the last time
Are You Trying to Make the Wrong Decision?. Worrying about decisions you don't have to make yet creates an anxiety-producing talk track in your head.  It impedes your performance because it distracts you from being fully present and it has a chilling effect on others.
Antibiotics Crisis Prompts Rethink On Risks, Rewards. The rapid approval of J&J's tuberculosis drug in December, based only on mid-stage Phase II data, may be a sign of a new
Rob Rhinehartl's 'No Eating' Diet Probably Isn't Such A Great Idea. So, is it healthy? \It's not unhealthy,\ Thayer said cautiously, although she doesn't suggest people whip themselves up a
7 Retro Workouts That Still Get Results. Unlike shoulder pads and scrunchies, we're glad these old-school -- but super effective -- fitness trends are still going
Labels That Translate Calories into Walking Distance Could Spur People to Eat Less. Margo Wootan, director of nutrition policy at the Washington, D.C.\u2013based Center for Science in the Public Interest, is optimistic
Climate May Play Role In Spread Of Flu, Study Finds. In addition to collecting data from the 78 sites around the world, the researchers also included epidemiological information
50 Women Who Shaped America's Health. Clara Barton, Michelle Obama and others.
Value of Employee Wellness Programs. We believe it would be unfortunate if the idea that employee wellness programs bring no return on investment took hold and became conventional wisdom.  These initiatives are critical weapons in the ongoing war against chronic disease.
5 Ways We Should Change Our Perception of Beauty as We Age. We must embrace the fact that true beauty does and must transcend the decades as we age. We need to change the unhealthy perceptions, attitudes and behavior to make it better for the next generation.
Mammograms Every Other Year Don't Raise Advanced Breast Cancer Risk, Study Finds. The matter, however, is not settled. The American Cancer Society still recommends women be screened for breast cancer every
Day 18. While I was an aspiring writer I believed that being a successful writer would change my life. Of course, I'd be much happier, I just knew it. I believed this all the years I was writing, right up until the day my first book was published.
Happiness Goes Global -- How Will You Celebrate International Day of Happiness?. How many times a year do you get an excuse to celebrate happiness? Why not right now? The UN has declared March 20, 2013 to be the first International Day of Happiness.
7 Steps To Cut Cancer Risk In Half. It turns out that following the American Heart Association's seven steps for heart health\u00a0- dubbed\u00a0\u00a0Life's Simple 7 -\u00a0 can
On Vulnerability, and Opportunity. With the help of a cameo appearance by a friend you are likely to know, a preventionist reflects on vulnerability -- and the opportunity to take arms against a sea of troubles imperiling our children, and by opposing -- end them!
Drug-Resistant Tuberculosis. Multi-drug resistant TB withstands two standard drugs. And an even more severe form known as extensively drug-resistant TB
Thank You, Valerie Harper. In the past, my tendency had been to seek external guidance when making pivotal decisions. But watching Valerie at work must have activated my inner resolve because, for the first time, I felt absolutely no need to reach outside myself for answers.
Supreme Court Will Hear Arguments Over Generic Drugmaker Liability. \It is the special, and different, regulation of generic drugs that allowed the generic drug market to expand, bringing more
Meditation Made Simple. What is meditation? We all know that meditation is good for us and has countless benefits. But what does it actually consist
Radiation Increases Heart Disease in Breast Cancer. A new article in the New England Journal of Medicine just came out showing that women who receive radiotherapy for breast cancer have a higher risk of ischemic heart disease.
Breaking It Down. Here are a few important and often unrecognized considerations that patients and their families should be aware of when discussing code status with their health care team.
Cameron Groezinger-Fitzpatrick, Teen With Peanut Allergy, Dies After Eating Cookie (VIDEO). The death of a 19-year-old college student has served as a somber reminder of the extreme danger that food allergies can
Day 17. I believe in love and inspiration. I believe in passion and true desire. I believe that if a person follows the gentle urging of their heart then they'll find success doing what they want to do.
23 Scientifically-Backed Ways To Reduce Stress Right Now. Don\u2019t Write A List Of The Top 23 Ways To Reduce Stress! Whether it's related to an issue at work, a fight with a friend, or
How to Make Your Own Luck. You have it within your power to create your own luck. Real luck is about taking control of your life and being receptive to opportunities that come your way. Here are five tips for making your life a lucky one.
Green Superfoods. Step away from the Shamrock Shake! This St. Patrick's Day, toast to your health with food and drink that are naturally green
The Price of Vanity. Next time you look in the mirror and see what you want to see, think about how much it would really cost you to upgrade how you feel. Chances are, it's a lot less expensive than you think.
5 Steps to Controlling Your Anger. Keep a record of the situations that lead to your anger and your hostility, and try to use these ideas. You might find yourself less angry -- and less anxious -- and the people who care about you will appreciate your progress. You can control your anger rather than let it control you.
When I. The propensity to get lost in what should have been or what might be one day is an escape from what is. Being present, being mindful, being intentional about what matters to you is a daunting task even without technology grabbing your attention like it is entitled.
Bitter Melon Could Hinder Survival Of Pancreatic Cancer Cells, Study Suggests. In 2010, researchers from Saint Louis University found that bitter melon extract could stop breast cancer cells from proliferating
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (March 16-21). Even momentarily concentrating on healthy solutions rewires psychological patterns to receive and share healthy sexual love in the present.  Here are three meditations with the themes of anticipation, withholding, and fulfillment for you to ponder and practice this week.
Day 16. At first, when I was a young wannabe writer I made the mistake of comparing myself to all the writers I most admired. I read their books and wondered how on earth I would ever write anything even touching the lofty heights of their gorgeous sentences and beautiful stories.
Start Your Psychological Spring Cleaning. Out with the old -- throw the windows open and air the place out -- and in with the new freshness of spring (in your mind, that is). Make room in your mind for all of the life experiences that you are creating for this beautiful new beginning.
Boost Your Metabolism and Fight the Snack Attack. Some people can eat three meals a day and be completely satisfied. Many others, however, need that snack to hold them over to the next meal. If you are one of the many out there that need a snack to curb hunger, why not boost your metabolism while enjoying that healthy snack?
What Is Holding You Back?. Even a small step in the right direction can have a snowball effect in bringing you closer to the joyful, purposeful life you are meant to live.  I hope you will make that small step today!
GPS Guide. Kathy Andersen is an international success coach, award-winning author and Harvard-trained leadership expert, who teaches
6 Amazing Reasons To Sleep For Skin Health. Not Enough Sleep Accelerates The Aging Process During deep sleep, the rise in growth hormones allows damaged cells to become
Acupuncture Relieves Stress. Researchers discovered that the \...electronic acupuncture blocks the chronic, stress-induced elevations of the HPA axis
I Lost Weight. Check out more of our inspiring weight loss stories below
Happiness as the Ultimate Currency. A human being, like a business, makes profits and suffers losses. For a human being, however, the ultimate currency is not money, nor is it any external measure, such as fame, fortune, or power.
Running Form. Drills are the direct route to becoming a safe and efficient runner, and training volume is valuable only insofar as our good technique can be maintained.
The Science and the Art of Our Relationship With Food. To me, this is the art of the therapeutic encounter -- finding the balance between the left-brain and the right-brain and synching them together for a \whole\ approach to health and healing.
Food Intolerances vs. Allergies. The next morning I woke with a headache, flu-like symptoms, and eyes so pouffy they could barely open. My husband looked at me and asked why I seemed so pale and clammy. This is food intolerance in action.
Amour, Death, Song. What makes aging and death tolerable? Perhaps nothing. Perhaps we must all, as Dylan Thomas put it, \rage against the dying of the light.\ And really there is nothing wrong with such a response.
Rheumatoid Arthritis Not Linked To Air Pollution, New Study Finds. In past studies, Hart and her colleagues found increased cases of rheumatoid arthritis when Swedish women lived closer to
Slow Knowledge. Then, sometime around the first week of March, we start to hear a familiar twill down in the marshes. From the reeds and
'One Nation Under Stress,' With To-Do Lists And Yoga For All. \I am so stressed out\ is a common refrain these days, but if you think of stress as a pervasive fact of life, consider this
Shift Work May Raise Women's Risk For Ovarian Cancer. The researchers looked at a total of 3,322 women, 1,101 of whom had the most common form of advanced ovarian cancer and 389
Device That Keeps Liver 'Alive' Outside Body Could Double Those Available For Transplant. LONDON, March 15 (Reuters) - A donated human liver has been kept alive, warm and functioning outside a human being on a newly
27 Easy Ways To Sleep Better Tonight. The average person spends more than\u00a0one third\u00a0of his/her life asleep. But don't be fooled -- just because the body is sleeping
Arianna Talks Nap Rooms, Power Napping On NBC's 'Today'. \Sleep makes us more productive, creative, less stressed and much healthier and happier,\ Arianna said. \Even a 20-minute
Shamrock Shake. The number of ingredients is staggering.
14 Adults 'Functionally Cured' Of HIV, Study Says. \They still have HIV, it is not eradication of HIV, it is a kind of remission of the infection,\ Saez-Cirion told BBC News
Sugar, 1; People, 0. The soda ban was an imperfect beginning, surely, but it was a beginning. It was not going to end our sugar addiction any more than making bars smoke-free was going to get the city to en masse kick the smoking habit. It was a one small factor in a complex equation.
WATCH. One of the greatest things being done with tapping right now is its use with vets.  There have been many great successes in relieving the PTSD our troops so often bring home with them.
Soda and the Nanny State. Did the Bloomberg proposal have faults? You bet. Did it have loopholes? Sure. Would it present an enforcement nightmare? Probably, although not nearly as bad as critics have suggested. But that does that mean we sit back and do nothing?
Smallest Gesture Means Something to Mourners. Today reminded me that there is a little bit of my brother in every place he lived, every place he walked, every place he laughed, every place he flashed that huge smile that teachers and friends alike thought was contagious.
10,000 Hours of Yoga. It's too easy to say that everyone who can lift up into handstand, bend deeply backward or places both legs behind their head is naturally gifted. Yoga is about the inner journey and even those lucky few with natural talent need to put in the work to reach their maximum potential.
Is There a Better Way to 5-a-Day?. Competition is usually healthy, but when it comes to salad competing against a hamburger with French fries, the competition makes the healthy choice ever so difficult.
Showing My Collection. I've always been collecting quotations. I can't tell you when it started or what was the first book of actual quotes I encountered
Soul Patch. When my son got in the car with me after practice, I gingerly brought up the subject of the incident and he retold the story from the point of view of someone who could not believe the kid was stupid enough to do what he did.  There was no victim present in front of me.
How to Keep Sane in a World That Seems Crazy. We define what is sane and what is crazy based on our standards, and if we don't set them on what we believe is sound and healthy, then we get things like cloned beef and genetically modified food.
The Best Green Foods for St. Patrick's Day (None of Them Artificially Colored!). It's March, and that means that stores are filled with green-colored muffins, candy, and other (often unhealthy) items to commemorate St. Patrick's Day. Here are a few healthier items to keep with the green theme this Sunday -- after all, you don't need to be Irish to be lucky in health!
GPS Guide. For more GPS Guides, click here. For more than 20 years, Baron Baptiste has been an inspirational yoga teacher, author, and
Even in Business, a Little Forgiveness Can Go a Long Way. When management consultant Michael Stone interviewed executives across the U.S. to elicit their opinions about forgiveness at work, he found that it often brought up a sense of fear.  But how do these fears match up with what we really know about the science of forgiveness?
Common Sense Off Course. I'm not saying to ignore the Internet, certainly not.  What I am suggesting is it's not backward or luddite to use a real person for a second option on digital advice.  Use a family member whenever you can, but don't forget you can also use yourself.
How to Be Fearlessly Creative. I've learned to separate my fears from my intuition and, at times, to follow my intuition through the fear. I've learned that love is a powerful antidote and can scare the demons back into the dark -- but according to Srinivasen S. Pillay, the main enemy of fear isn't love.
Occupy Wellness and Eat-In. Our most powerful tool to reverse the global epidemic of chronic disease, heal the environment, reform politics, and revive economies is the fork.  What we put on it has tremendous implications, not just for our waistlines but also for the planet and our global economy.
Meditation for Non-Meditators. I practice active gratefulness. I was recently reminded of the power of gratefulness, and have a renewed commitment to it. Every day, I take time to think about one person, one incident, one thing, that I am grateful for. It is an act that forces me to remember how lucky I am.
Day 15. No doubt you've read numerous quotations about the source of happiness being internal rather than external. But it's such a profound and significant statement it always bears repeating.
Cortisol. You know the bad boy you dated in high school or college? You knew he was bad news, you even knew it would end badly, but you dated him anyway. That's cortisol.
Aspartame Pathway. Coca-Cola notes that \when aspartame is digested, the body breaks it down into aspartic acid, phenylalanine and methanol\ -- and it is methanol that is one of the root problems with aspartame.
Texting And Talking On The Phone While Driving More Common In U.S. Than Europe, CDC Finds. Each day in the United States, more than nine people are killed and more than 1,060 people are injured in vehicle crashes
Yoga to Still the Head and Open the Heart. Holly Walck is a devoted student of Iyengar Yoga and a Junior Intermediate Certified Iyengar Yoga Teacher. Learn more at
High-Fat Dairy May Raise Breast Cancer Death Risk For Women, Study Finds. NEW YORK, March 14 (Reuters) - Women who have ever had breast cancer might want to walk away from the brie, the butter and
To Thine Own Body Be True. Recently I have found that walking up a flight of steps can cause me to become breathless.  I know that as an ex-smoker my lung capacity isn't what it used to be, but lately I found that little things other than steps have been causing my breathlessness to concern me.
Why the World Needs More Spiritual Heroes. \The way I see leadership is that a leader is really the symbolic soul of group consciousness. And the soul is our core consciousness, for lack of a better word, where we find meaning, context, relationships, and the yearning to access the larger archetypal being that we really are.\
Choosing The Best Yogurt. By Madeline Vann Once upon a time, your yogurt choice was limited to plain or vanilla, maybe a national brand and the store
Rethinking 'Always On'. Being \always on\ is then seen as a badge of honor, locking employees in competition to send emails at the oddest possible hour of the night.  Who hasn't received an inconsequential email at 3 in the morning?  What ever happened to sleep, and to the great unicorn of work-life balance?
The CrossFit Boogeyman. In his recent critique of CrossFit, Blogger Matthew Basso succeeds in warning readers of an alarmingly dangerous, unorthodox, and ineffective fitness program. The only drawback to Basso's article is that he critiques a program that doesn't exist.
Job Burnout Linked With Higher Coronary Heart Disease Risk. The findings are based on analysis of 8,838 employed men and women between ages 19 and 67. The study participants underwent
Sprite's Stevia Makeover. In response to these concerns, Coca-Cola offered the following statement to The Huffington Post
Health, Balance and Happiness. Now, just months after my lifesaving surgery, I'm healthy, living life to the max... and on a mission to help others prevent a similar ordeal by spreading the \pace\ not \race\ message.
Top 3 Internet Success Tips for Digital Health. Converting health-conscious programs to a mobile platform offers an enormous opportunity to help wellness and improve health for so many people.
Is Daylight Saving Time Unnatural?. What effect does this mechanization of our biorhythms have on our health and general well-being? Surely forcing ourselves to fit into an unvarying schedule no matter the season can't be good for us.
Single Concussion Linked With Decrease In Brain Volume, Study Finds. Coming out around the same time as this study is a \Consensus Statement on Concussion in Sport,\ which is backed by the International
60-Plus Minutes of Physical Activity a Day Where Kids Live, Learn and Play. There are lots of ways to fit physical activity into the school day, through enhanced PE classes, recess, walking or biking to and from school, creating before- and after-school activities, and introducing classroom activity breaks.
The Monkey Mind Matters. If you, too, struggle with a restless, anxious mind, you've probably noticed that the chatter can be especially negative and annoying at the most inopportune moments.
Relaxation Tips. If you think you've tried everything to relax, consider looking to other countries for ideas.
Day 14. You can't push an idea into fruition. You can't sit and wait and stamp your feet. Believe me, I've tried; it doesn't work. But if you want to achieve any artistic endeavor, you must also be willing to work even when you're not in the mood.
What Are Your Soul's Questions?. Each soul is called to to particular questions. Those questions will be asked again and again, explored, traversed over and over, through the life experiences of the person who houses that soul. Their struggles, trials, and awakenings are explorations of their soul's few key questions.
Nose to the Grindstone, I Am Leaning In. I am allowing my reflection of the past 53 years to whisper in my ear, and it's telling me to go ahead -- the beast is not as scary as you think. It is time to lean in!
Disrupted Sleep Could Be Early Sign Of Alzheimer's. Researchers found that those with the evidence of preclinical Alzheimer's had worse sleep efficiency than those with no evidence
What Does Acupuncture Feel Like?. A common assumption about acupuncture is that it hurts. Often to the astonishment of those who take the plunge, acupuncture usually does not hurt. No pain, though, does not mean no sensation.
5 Ways Acting Like a Kid Can Improve Your Mental Health. Whether you suffer from depression or are just having a case of the winter blues, there are things you can do right now to help brighten your day. It's easier than you might think. Just pay attention to those little lessons you teach your kids!
Is It Possible for Women to Do Nothing?. A \do nothing\ women's movement? I've been thinking about this a lot since I spoke with Dr. Rubin Naiman at last week's World Sleep Summit for Women's Health and Power. He told women that falling asleep was easy. All you have to do is nothing.
Healing on the Home Front. Post-traumatic stress is an understandable reaction to the horror of war or rape or surviving a natural disaster. It develops into a disorder if those suffering don't get the support and assistance they need.
Adverse Effects Attributed to Medications May Be From Food for Some People. People with medical conditions such as celiac, non-celiac gluten sensitivity, or food allergies should know that they may not be sensitive or allergic to the medicine to which they reacted. Rather, their reactions may have been from the food contents in the drugs.
I Lost Weight. For more on weight loss, click here. Once I'd shed about 50 pounds, my self-esteem was on the rise. In the past, I'd felt
Pope Has One Lung. \If you have normal lungs, then that's certainly possible to just live with one lung and we get proof of that on a regular
How to Feel More Supported. If our thoughts and energy are not supporting our life, then our life will not feel supported. Therefore, we must take responsibility for our life by consciously supporting ourselves in every given moment.
Heart Drugs. Beta-blockers are absolutely necessary for some patients, said Dr. Sripal Bangalore, a cardiologist at New York University
3 Years of Stupid Cancer. Three years ago, I was thrust into this sub-culture of a forgotten population of cancer survivors
Is Your Soda Killing You? Why Mayor Bloomberg Got It Right. Mary Poppins may have had the best intentions in mind, but if \a spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down,\ the new mantra is \no sodas today keeps the doctor away.\
Is It a Tragedy or an Inconvenience?. Since uncertainty is the rule, when we think we know, our mindlessness is in charge. The simple act of noticing is engaging and reveals that events don't cause stress. It is the mindless view of events that leads to stress.
How The SARS-Linked Virus Is Able To Infect Human Cells. Researchers identified the key receptor for the disease as a cell surface protein called dipeptidyl peptidase 4 (DPP4). He
GPS Guide. GPS Guides are our way of showing you what has relieved others' stress in the hopes that you will be able to identify solutions
10 Celebrities Leading The Wellness Revolution. In the past decade, yoga studios and juice cleanse services have become as ubiquitous in Hollywood as red carpets and Christian
When Exercise Stresses You Out. What if someone sincerely dislikes exercise and works out only under a kind of emotional duress, deeming that he or she must
10 Ways To Get A Good Night's Sleep. No one knows precisely why we sleep. But we do need sleep. Without it we will die. Yet many aspects of American life get
Falling in Love With Dr. Phil. Emotions can be more powerful than anything. They need to be heard, respected, acknowledged, so those of us feeling them shouldn't be made to feel dismissed, disrespected and become more depressed about being depressed.
Soda Myths. As Healthy Living's Meredith Melnick reported
Europeans On A Whole Are Getting Healthier -- But Major Disparities Still Exist, WHO Says. LONDON, March 13 (Reuters) - Europeans can expect to live longer and their overall health has improved in recent years, but
Walking Could Help Ease Lower Back Pain, Study Finds. A recent study suggests that a simple regime of daily walking may aid individuals with lower back pain. This is especially
Day 13. Very few of us are born geniuses. Even those who are still spend most of their time practicing their God-given talents, concentrating the laser beam of their focus into shaping and perfecting their skills. But the rest of us can forget the importance of practice and concentration.
The Reality of Beating Yourself Up, Jillian-Style. Weight loss by criticism is more than TV reality, it's the American way.  If you want your body to be all that it can be, you can enlist a relentless trainer or do the job yourself. After all, you are your own worst critic. Here's the problem with berating yourself thin
Getting in A-List Shape!. You don't have to be a celebrity to get in A-list shape! Just read my following secrets and advice, and be ready to get get fitted for your glamorous gown.
Cholesterol Levels Go Up In The Winter, Study Finds. Winter is high time for heart attacks. And while snow shoveling can pose a danger to your heart, the winter heart attack
Work Stress. Because you can't duck out for a deep-tissue massage every time you finish a long conference call.
Health Care Is the Diabetes of Our GDP. If you haven't been paying close attention, \patient engagement\ is a white-hot topic in health care these days. It wasn't sexy five years ago.
Know You're a Good Person. For many of us, perhaps the hardest thing of all is to believe that \I am a good person.\ We can climb mountains, work hard, acquire many skills, act ethically, but truly feel that one is good deep down? Nah!
My Cancer Diagnosis. Pets are powerful allies. The devotion and caring they dole out is invaluable during the good times, but even more so during the bad. Without even realizing it, Elsie and Sophie brought me great comfort that day, as well as during my mother's illness two years earlier.
Are 'Superfoods' Really That Super?. We are told by various experts that certain foods are powerful enough to have dramatic effects on the various health conditions that challenge us as a modern society. These foods, some common and some a bit more exotic, have been tapped as the answer to what ails us.
Exhaustion From Sleep Deprivation. Researchers examined the worms as they were in a developmental state of \lethargus\ -- basically the worm equivalent of sleep
How to Find Joy on the Job and in Life. When we choose to say yes to what we are given by living in the present, making meaning of each day, our experiences go from dread and \I can't wait until today is over\ to appreciation and purpose.
Chasing Insights. In the years I've been doing this work, I've noticed that insights are a lot like butterflies --  while there are things you can do to make them more or less likely, it's ultimately not up to us when they land.
Quitting Smoking Is Good For The Heart, Even With Weight Gain. Smokers' heart rate and other body functions are revved up by nicotine, which may cause them to burn slightly more calories
Meryl Streep Stars In New PSA For Colorectal Cancer Screening. \Over the years I have played some characters you could call controlling, but the truth is, there's so much in life we can't
Why Young Adults Should Care About Medicare. My career was going very well, I was healthy in every usual sense of the word, until this rare condition became a problem. Drawing on \entitlements\ at a young age was not my plan. No one saw this coming, but thank goodness for those safety-net programs our country has in place.
Soda Consumption, Obesity Both Sky-High In U.S. (INFOGRAPHIC). Of course, many factors can contribute to diabetes and other vices may plague countries where soda isn't a multi-billion
5 Places To Fit In Fitness (VIDEO). Study after study tells us that exercise is one of the most important behaviors for maintaining overall health and preventing
Losing Your Parts to Cancer. It's always a horrendous experience when you are told you are going to lose a body part. I unfortunately know way too many people who have had this happen during cancer treatment. But there's a little extra slap in the face when reproductive parts are in the equation.
Less Sedentary Activity Could Help Keep Diabetes Risk Low. For more factors that could help to lower the risk of diabetes, click through the slideshow
Patient Awareness During Surgery Is Rare, Physicians Report. It's hard to imagine anything much scarier than waking up during surgery and realizing what's going on.\u00a0 The bad news
Wheelchair Wisdom. When we have an illness, we are constantly forced to embrace the Beast. It is at times such as these that we are most in need of those skills required for lasting change.
How to Create Moments of Insight. A simple daily habit of taking quiet time allows us to find our path away from the quicksand of life and into moments of insight. It is those flashes of brilliance that separate the successful from the want-to-be.
6 Ways We Get Sidetracked or Swayed. Frame a situation around a much-cherished goal and you are more likely to stick to that goal and/or sway others to seek it too. That's one of many stories with lessons for sticking to a plan that psychologist and Harvard Business School professor Francesca Gino offers in her new book Sidetracked.
Worst Foods For Teeth. You could be damaging the enamel and causing cavities without even knowing it.
How to Become the Master of Your Fate. It was in this conversation that I realized to take the first step on our happiness journey, we must accept -- as well as embrace -- the imminent truth
Redefining 'Acceptance' vs. 'I Don't Care'. Lately, I have found some new clarity and freedom in realizing that there is a difference between accepting the other person for who and what they are, and honestly concluding that I don't care what they do or say.
New York City Soda Ban Health Fallout. There's no question that sugary beverages are a contributing factor to ill health, but the question remains
Eye to Eye. The nature of the doctor-patient relationship changes over the course of illness. Perhaps nowhere is that truer than in oncology.
You Do Not Need to Diet to Lose Weight. In my experience as a physician, patients that \diet\ often see their weight fluctuate up and down the scale. This reflects the nature of a diet. Many diets are extreme and not sustainable.
A Gift Wrapped in Sandpaper. My mother was a gift wrapped in sandpaper -- cutting and abrasive upon contact, but when carefully examined and thoughtfully experienced, she became my most powerful and inspiring teacher.
Superheroes and Their Sleep Disorders. It appears we will have to wait until May 3 to see how Iron Man conquers his insomnia -- which I'm guessing will have something to do with Tony simplifying his life.  Fortunately, you don't have to wait that long to address your sleeping hindrances.
U.S. News 2014 Best Medical School Rankings. For a look at the top 10 medical schools for research, click through the slideshow
Are We There Yet?. I think most of us can think of an example of something we'd like to \arrive\ at.  For example, many individuals who want to lose weight have a specific number in mind.  And that once they get to that number, their weight loss, and participation in a program, will stop.
DDT Exposure In Womb Linked With Adult High Blood Pressure. For the study, published in the journal Environmental Health Perspectives, researchers examined concentrations of DDT and
What Outlives Granite. Yes, the world is changing quickly. But, when you're rooted in the most solid foundation -- people and places -- that built this country, you've got growth potential.  Because it lasts -- this granite, this community, this television show, this way or life.
How the Heart Helps You Change. The heart rhythm is subtle. To find a smooth rhythm when you need it requires a new reference place inside from which you respond -- a heart-intelligent place. That reference place will feel different from your mechanical head, and you'll come to recognize it.
A Radical Idea to Solve the Primary Care Physician Shortage. Why not eliminate this anachronistic charade of the general practitioner and use nurse practitioners and physician assistants to fill the gap? This is already happening in rural areas, which sometimes lack even a single primary care physician.
Do You Compare Yourself to Others?. The more you learn to love and value your unique essence, the less you will find yourself comparing yourself to others. There is only one you. You are incomparable!
Purge Fear-Mongers From Your Life. When people come to see me for business coaching and to make personal changes in their lives, one of the first things I ask them to think about is who in their life is supportive of their goals, and who isn't.
How to Protect Yourself From Being Hit in the Gut by the Two-By-Four Called 'Love'. You can fearlessly open your heart, live in the moment and shower the people you care about with every bit of love and passion you possess. It's risky for sure.
Coronavirus. The 39-year-old developed symptoms of the novel coronavirus (NCoV) on Feb. 24 and died on March 2, several days after being
Is Food Entertainment?. Most of us do not know what it is like to be hungry and not have enough to eat. When we eat, the palatability of our food is not associated with our relief at finally being able to remedy our excessive hunger.
Safe Health Care for All During Patient Safety Awareness Week. Mistakes in health care are much more complex.  Most errors result from multifaceted problems such as poor communication, inadequate staffing of nurses, or records and charting that is not up to date with technology.  The answer is for each person as a consumer to take responsibility for his or her own health.
5 Factors to Consider Before Popping a Pill. Medications can be lifesaving and life-improving, but they often come with risks and side effects. Many people don't know how well their kidneys are functioning, so they don't realize that they may need to make modifications to their treatment regimen.
Rand Paul's Bladder. At this point, only a urinal somewhere just outside the Senate chambers knows the truth. And of course, the CIA.
GPS Guide. GPS Guides are our way of showing you what has relieved others' stress in the hopes that you will be able to identify solutions
Day 12. To be told that we're lovely and amazing can, strangely, be a hard thing to hear. Most of us have a low threshold for such intimacy and adoration. And yet, if we can't let much love in, then life will never work out the way we want it to. It is then, something for us all to practice.
How to Make Your Own Kimchi. by guest blogger Robyn Jasko, cofounder of Grow Indie \u00a0 For more from Maria Rodale, go to www.mariasfarmcountrykitchen.com
Zithromax. (Corrects spelling of \heart\ in headline) March 12 (Reuters) - The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Tuesday said that
De-Stress to Lose Weight. Reducing stress in the body should be the starting point to any weight-loss plan. A simple breathing practice can often start this process. When we get used to more relaxed states, we are less likely to react and set off our fight-or-flight response.
I Lost Weight. I did that for the majority of my weight loss, and when I felt restless I would switch to counting calories. Now, I eat lean
Treadmills at the Office. If employees want to reach their full potential, the smart nerds have something to learn from the dumb jocks. Study after study suggests that athletes make excellent employees and even better leaders.
Finding Enchantment. Maybe, along with wanting to show up fully in life and see the beauty around us, we also want to be knocked over and swept away from time to time -- to fall in love with life and feel enchanted by what it has to offer.
Harvard Stress Forum. Observing the way your mind and body reacts to different types of interaction with technology can help in pinpointing where your anxiety is coming from -- and, through mindful awareness, to challenge your automatic reactions.
Living With Loss. If you can pay attention, and let yourself hurt, it will open you up to living life more meaningfully.  By knowing we don't have forever here or with someone, we can learn to appreciate the people in our lives more, to love more, and to be more open with what people mean to us.
Life Expectancy for Women Declines. Our hearts crave health.   When we move, we feel better.  When we make food choices that nourish us, we feel energetic.  When we do things that make us laugh, or spend time with the ones we love, we flourish.
Fitness Parties Provide New Way To Celebrate Birthday, Bachelorette, And Everything In Between. Gyms and fitness studios are often eager to host the festivities, which light up darkened rooms after hours and expose potential
Office Oasis. He links this rise to those of wireless networking and the digital cloud, breakthroughs that threaten the existence of traditional
6 Convincing Reasons To Take A Nap Today. In honor of National Napping Day, we've rounded up the benefits of indulging in a little daytime sleep.
Positive Reinforcement vs. Positive Thinking (And Why Pollyanna Would've Sucked at Dog Training). Positive, in the world of animal behavior, means adding something. Reinforcement means making something more likely to occur. So, \positive reinforcement\ just means adding something to the equation to encourage that a behavior will happen again.
When Old Friends Stop Being Good Friends. When we can be honest about a friendship, and about the season of life that the friendship belongs in, then, we can be truly grateful for the miracle that a friendship is.  Trying to force a friendship to keep bearing fruit past its season is a disservice to its profound nature.
How to Teach Your Amygdala to Dance. One of the ways to foil an amygdala hijack is to teach your amygdala how to dance.  An effective way to do that is to follow the 10 steps here.
Antibiotic Resistance Poses 'Catastrophic Threat' To Medicine, Says Britain's Top Health Official. \And routine operations like hip replacements or organ transplants could be deadly because of the risk of infection.\ \The
GPS Guide. Rob White is a motivational coach, storyteller and the author of \A Second Chance At Success\ (Mind Adventure, Inc.). Rob
Why Weigh?. Some health and fitness professionals have made a compelling case for ignoring the scale, saying that measuring one's percentage of body fat is the most accurate way to track one's fitness level.
Yoga. In 1991, Tommy Rosen got sober and found the path of 12-step recovery. That freedom from addiction required several key elements
Book Review. I think of Rebecca Katz as a joyful wisdom keeper and a creative artist weaving together nourishing and healing traditions with science, beauty and the alchemy of masterful food preparation. When you create with this cookbook, you will end up smiling and satisfied, and you may just live a longer and healthier life.
Hybrid Grapefruit Could Help Fans Of The Fruit Avoid Dangerous Medication Interactions. Gmitter said chemical analysis of the hybrid grapefruit, known for now as UF914, found levels of furanocoumarins at a small
Can You Believe UN Reps Drink a Lot During Budget Sessions?!. We all know that if you drink a lot you become an alcoholic and can't function.  This is -- if not God's will and written in the stars, the next best thing -- biologically and genetically determined, irrefutable, and irreversible.
Frequent Printing. The idea of burying our pictures on a hard drive or keeping them on a memory card is, in my opinion, a waste of great memories.
Foods For Energy. It's no coincidence that many of these items are frequently found on breakfast tables across America.
Cross-Training Even Before Puberty. On a recent cold weekday afternoon, seven children bounced into Israel Gonzalez's Brooklyn gym shortly after school, ready
A 21-Minute Fix. Running can be anything you need it to be, big or small. It can help you beat ill health. It can burn off five or 10 or 50 pounds and change your life. Or in the time it takes to watch a few video clips, it can clear your head, give you a shot of endorphins, and salvage a forgettable day.
Why Feeling Hungry Is Healthy. By Melinda Johnson for U.S. News More from U.S. News
Mindfulness Linked With Emotional Well-Being And Improved Sleep, Study Finds. In contrast with previous studies on mindfulness -- which have largely been conducted on experienced mindfulness practitioners
Turning Chaos Into Opportunity; Facing Adversity, Problems and Flaws. Adversity can be both awful and wonderful. Soldiers regale each other with tales of heroism and courage in the face of adversity. Adversity shapes us slowly but steadily just as water carves out canyons and wears down mountains.
The Yoga of Surgery. I always knew yoga was about life outside of the studio, but until then it had been solely an intellectual understanding. For now I remain opening up to life, to love, to graciousness, taking in the demands of surgery and the luxury of recovery with the exact same mindset I enter the studio.
Even Yogis Can Be Green on St. Patrick's Day. Those of us on the path may be pursuing a state of peace, but we can often feel dour and uptight about the supposed differences between our party-loving friends and ourselves.  This year, consider using the holidays as a way to not take such pursuits so seriously.
New-Age Guilt. When we go for the blame, we end up as victims for ourselves or others. When we take responsibility, the whole discussion on blame, guilt and shame becomes completely unnecessary. All we have to do is to take our part of the responsibility and readjust the course.
A Child's Mind Undone. Many adults are completely separated from the truth of who and what they are, following the patterns of their own conditioning.  When these adults interact, they hold the expectation of truthfulness for the other but not for themselves.
Day 11. I used to think that successful people aren't scared. I believed they achieved greatness because they were far braver than I. I imagined they had special reserves of fire that I would never have.
Emotions 101. One of the most important aspects of being human is the fact that we have feelings -- all day long. And yet, rarely are we taught healthy ways to cope with them. Who among us learned about coping with emotions in school?
Simple Truth to a Richer, Deeper, Lasting Relationship. When a relationship becomes a one-way way street, it ends up at a dead end sooner or later.  Learn to keep the traffic flowing both ways with conversation, forgiveness and mindful awareness to keep your relationship growing well into the future.
Sperm Healthiest In Winter And Early Spring, New Study Finds. SOURCE
Daylight Saving Time 2013. On top of that, even though it will only take most people a couple of days to adjust to the newly-brightened evenings, those
6 Ways To Save Time At The Gym. Create A Shower Strategy If you shower at the gym after your workout, create a game plan to get you in and out of the locker
Day 10. People who overcome great suffering and great odds hold us all in their hearts. They show us what's possible. They remind us that when we want to give up hope, we don't have to.
Daylight Saving Time May Cost America $434 Million From Lost Sleep, Index Shows. Researchers noted that the actual financial toll may even be higher, because the index did not include impacts on car accidents
Ostracizing Others Hurts As Much As Being Excluded Ourselves, Study Finds. Being purposely ignored hurts -- and so does purposely ignoring someone, new research suggests. The study, published in the
A Workout for Becoming a Better Athlete. As you can see, a workout to improve sports performance is a bit more complex than a weight-loss workout. But when implemented properly, it can not only help you run faster, jump higher, and push harder, but also keep you from getting injured.
Short Bouts Of Exercise Can Boost Self-Control. The new analysis finds that exercise's impact on self-control is small, but measurable. It could be particularly important
Tredaptive. March 9 (Reuters) - Unexpected serious side effects arose in a huge study of a Merck & Co long-acting niacin drug aimed at
Daylight Saving Time. Catching the sunrise. Photo
Stop 'Shoulding' On Yourself. Why do so many of us feel compassion and kindness toward others but then turn inward with a whip of self-criticism and perfectionism?
Day 9. Wishing, hoping and dreaming are essential. Without them we'd give up. But wishing for something is only the beginning. It's the surge of desire, the flush in our hearts that lets us know what we want.
Beach Body-Approved Workouts. Just because you're on vacation does not mean the workouts are over! Whether you're lounging by the beach or at the gym, this workout will help give you the legs you've always wanted.
Sleep Awareness Week. Sleep Awareness Week  (March 3-10) should serve as a \wakeup call\ for America, giving us the opportunity to get ourselves and our children back on track to better sleep, health and learning.  Here are five tips to get started.
Don't Ask Me What I Do, Ask Me Who I Am. Upon meeting someone new, part of me hopes I will never hear the dreaded four words (what-do-you-do) because then I wouldn't have to assess how I am going to respond -- with my pragmatic communications-consultant role, or with the idealistic wanting-to-save-the-world profile.
I Lost Weight. Got a success story of your own? Send it to us at success.stories@huffingtonpost.com and you could be featured on the site
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (Mar. 8-15). Even momentarily concentrating on healthy solutions rewires psychological patterns to receive and share healthy sexual love in the present.  Here are three meditations with the themes of fear, disaffection, and validation for you to ponder and practice this week.
Soldiers Short on Sleep. Of all the dangers faced by soldiers, sleep is not likely to top many people's lists. But soldiers, like the rest of us, face risks to health and safety from poor and insufficient sleep. And new research indicates they may be at significantly elevated risk for sleep problems, and sleep-related health issues.
Count Your Burdens for a Better Life. Wondering how the heck inconveniencing yourself can make for a more convenient life? Here are five ways burdening yourself can turn life's grievances into gifts!
Television Rehab. Why expose these individuals to a \faux\ rehab experience chock full of dramatic television experiences that favors ratings over treatment?
8 Ways to Tell if You Are Still in a Relationship With Your Deceased Loved One. When you lose your loved one, you must break apart and individuate again.  That process can be extremely difficult if the bonding has been strong and enduring.
Green Tea Could Block Alzheimer's Disease Plaque, Researchers Find. Their laboratory results, which are extremely preliminary, are published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Science
Internet Search Could Give First Glimpse Of Potential Drug Side Effects, Study Finds. The study, conducted by researchers from Stanford and Columbia universities, focused on paroxetine, an antidepressant, and
Fitness Gear That Flatters. Want to work hard and look good doing it? These six easy pieces are great examples of flattering, functional gym clothes
Playing Doctor. Cancer treatment for women has become another example of a \product\ that can be \marketed\ to women based not on a presentation of scientific data, but on \softer\ points such as \concierge service\ and even hospital landscaping.
The Biggest Risk Is the One You Never Take. This fear, which exists inside all of us, is deep and remote. It conjures our earliest experiences and the dread that we feel when we are exposed reminds us of our most harrowing questions of childhood.
What the Heck Happened to Let's Move? An Open Letter to Michelle Obama. If you continue to avoid supporting policy change, I believe that history will remember Let's Move as another \feel good\ first lady program that's long on public relations and short on substance.
Silent Retreats. Silence is time away from time, where we discover the treasure of one's own company. This is the heart and essence of a silent retreat.
How to Create More Synchronicity, Miracles and Honest-to-Goodness 'Luck' in Your Life. So long as you're being honest and truthful with yourself, you're going to find that the universe really does shift to support you. It's not always easy -- it takes faith and commitment -- but if you want to live a life of abundance, happiness and fulfillment, it's the only way!
Deadly New Virus Warning Issued By CDC After Novel Coronavirus Causes 8 Deaths. No cases of the new virus -- a coronavirus that experts say had previously never been seen in humans -- have been reported
Ron Finley, \Gangster Gardener\ Delivers TED Lecture On Neighborhood Gardens And Health (VIDEO). Even though Finley used a small plot of land -- about 10 feet wide, 150 feet long according to the Los Angeles Times -- the
The Business of Medical Training. Although I continue to believe that these professional qualities are paramount to excellent patient care, I am finding that other, less-obvious proficiencies are also required.  Ironically, these skills that I have in mind involve a field what we as physicians know least about
The Hidden Danger in Recycled Toilet Paper. Would you guess that the product recommendation I struggle with most in my consulting practice is toilet paper?
Artificial Food Dyes In Kraft's Macaroni And Cheese Under Fire As Petition Calls For Their Removal. Two mothers are circulating a popular petition calling on Kraft Foods to remove artificial dyes, specifically yellow dyes
'Please Love Me'. Whether grieving the loss of our own life, or another's, we each have the capacity to see past the veils of separation. If our hearts are willing, grieving becomes the gateway to loving awareness, the entry into our own awakened nature.
Day 8. It was many years before I was finally published, but on that day I thought of my friend. I knew, though we hadn't spoken in years, that he was still sitting in his office, talking about wanting to leave, believing he still dreamt of becoming a writer.
The Best Writing Advice You'll Ever Get. Consume writing voraciously, and you will absorb writing skills by osmosis. You will come to appreciate an unexpected word or turn of phrase. You'll intuitively develop awareness of what makes a story arc engaging or a character tantalizing.
I'm Just So Busy. My theory here is that this is not entirely our doing. Technology is appealing. But we should be sleeping at 2 a.m., not
Running Form. We now know from the previous post that \no one runs until they fall,\ but surely that can't be all there is to it. Well, there is one more thing. Let's pull together the all remaining coaching components attached to running form and find out precisely what it is.
Who Has the Real Power to Stop Smoking? Hint. Quitting smoking isn't just personal -- public health spending and policies help take down the fences to healthier behavior, and we haven't taken down many for smoking at all.
How Diet Soda Makes You Fat (and Other Food and Diet Industry Secrets). These ideas are false. They are food and diet industry propaganda that make and keep us fat and sick. Lies by the food industry combined with bad government policy based on food industry lobbying are the major cause of our obesity and diabetes epidemic.
Meditation. Simple mindful breaks throughout the day will do wonders to the culture as a whole.  If we all looked at our breathing and checked in with ourselves throughout the day, we would feel a lot better.
Food And Stress. What not to consume when you're anxious.
Beyond Tattoo Regret. Before undergoing such a permanent procedure, I'd urge you to weigh the medical implications as well as the personal and professional ones. With the risks of infection, as well as the pain of laser tattoo removal, remember the permanent part of permanent ink.
5 Ways Hope Impacts Health and Happiness. Your level of hopefulness impacts how well you age, how you take care of your health, and how productive you are at work.  Being a hopeful thinker about the future will help you build your resilience and give you yet another tool for handling stress, change, and adversity.
How to Fix The Other Energy Crisis. Lifestyle and attitude play a big role in supporting mitochondrial and adrenal energy; if we take the time to practice deep
Psychological Stretch Marks. I am often moved to tears as I watch my children grow. I sit in wonder at the succession of infancy, childhood and adolescence. But I often wonder if mothers and fathers get psychological stretch marks when we are asked to accommodate changes we're not quite ready for.
Music, Touring and Educating. With today's technology, no one has an excuse not to get involved. You never know whose life you're going to change, or who you'll inspire to do great things.
Dragging My Feet to the Finish Line. Runners strap on shoes, push their bodies, train for months.Do it well. Do it faster. Faster than the others.But I do not want the finish line.
'Barefoot' Running Study Links Minimalist Shoes To Foot Injuries. Running styles differ depending on how a person's foot strikes the ground. Barefoot running involves forefoot or midfoot
Reversible Destiny. Where longevity is continually affirmed, one expects to find the unexpected. Hence, \Reversible Destiny Lofts\ in Toyko, Japan offer a marvelously innovative and functionally foolish way to live your days.
Repoopulating the Gut. People with recurrent C. diff infection have been found to also have intestinal dysbiosis, or an imbalance of gut bacteria. Yet the treatment of C. diff infection -- the antibiotic vancomycin -- induces dysbiosis itself. Scratching your head? You're not alone.
Keeping in Shape During Cancer -- Artistically. Cancer can present many challenges to a person, one of which is staying in shape. My medical team asks every single time I'm in for a follow up if I'm exercising. My way of staying in shape is taking adult ballet classes.
U.N. Report Suggests Some Autism & Addiction Treatments Are Akin To Torture. So-called treatments for drug users and the disabled in some places of the world--including the U.S.-- are far from helpful
Eat Like There's No Tomorrow, And There May Not Be. The issues of obesity and health are complex and are closely tied to other areas of a person's life -- their economic situation, their family culture, their emotional make up, their friendships, and habits to name a few. It can be overwhelming to change, but the alternative is frightening.
Obese States. The report, which is based on telephone interviews from 353,564 U.S. adults conducted between Jan. 1 and Dec. 31 last year
Navigating the World of Health Insurance. Battling insurance corporations who do not want to pay for that $8,000 a month chemotherapy drug you need to survive while you are also battling cancer, is tremendously taxing. Here are a few very basic tips I learned through my own struggles with illness and insurance.
Pandemrix. The FDA is not obliged to follow the recommendation of its advisory panel, though it typically does. According to GSK, some
Brain Damage Found In College Football Players Who Didn't Suffer Concussions, Study Suggests. Concussions sustained on the football field and in other sports have been linked to brain trauma and a disease that can cause
How I Found 'It'. In December of 2008, shortly after my 37th birthday, I was shaving my underarms in the shower and I noticed that my right underarm looked swollen.
6 Restaurant Certifications to Help You to Healthier Eating. We've asked Clean Plates founder Jared Koch to help sort out the different restaurant health certifications out there, and he's written back with six of the best that his email and restaurant guide uses.
Processed Meat Raises Risk Of Dying From Cancer And Heart Disease, Study Finds. But now, a new observational study is teasing out processed meat's effect in particular on health, and shows that not only
Cancer in the Media. Cancer is a huge topic in the media. So many movies, books, TV shows, and news stories have plots or sub-plots related to cancer. Up until a week ago, I spent far too much of my energy avoiding it. Sounds simple enough, right? Wrong.
Chasing the Future. When I lost my singing voice at the hands of deadly cancer cells, I constantly affirmed, \let me sing again,\ day after day. Feeling good today and taking in what each day has to offer -- maybe this is what matters most.  Not tomorrow.  Not four weeks from now.  Today!
I Lost Weight. How I Gained It
We Live Life in Our Heads. Realizing that we choose the way in which we interpret the day-to-day data of our lives is an amazingly powerful method of regaining our sense of control over all that befalls us.
6 Often-Missed Heart Attack Symptoms in Women. During heart attacks, women often suffer from symptoms that are far different than the stereotypical chest pains that men experience. And recognizing those signs -- and getting to an emergency room ASAP -- could save your life.
Oh the Cancer You'll Beat.... So Dr. Seuss' birthday was last week. Many don't know this, but Theodore Geisel died of throat cancer.  Cancer has taken a lot of amazing people, but taking Dr. Seuss was beyond the pale to me.  So in honor of his birthday, and with great affection, I present to you...
The Best Health, Fitness And Wellness Instagrams. And tell us in the comments
The Loaded Goal. The loaded goal is that goal that seems to be your most important and longest-standing one -- it's the one that \for some reason, I don't seem to be able to make any real progress on,\ and \this year, I'm finally going to handle.\
Colon Cancer Screening... It's Up To You. Like other cancer fighting programs stuggling to stay strong in today's economy, National Colon Cancer Awareness Month has kicked off without much fanfare.
Not Sleeping Enough? Here's Why You Should Get More Zzs. So when I heard about the \nap rooms\ appearing on college campuses and in offices across the nation, I was intrigued. Given
Fighting Tobacco Marketing And Boosting Vaccinations Key To Curbing Cancer, Report Says. LONDON, March 6 (Reuters) - Fighting the tobacco industry's tactics in the world's poorest countries and ensuring the best
Food Memories May Aid Weight Loss, Researchers Say. Dieters may want to forget episodes of falling off the wagon, but researchers say an attentive memory for what is eaten could
Kids Will Be Kids, Whatever the Species. As with kids, there are many paths to raising happy, well-socialized dogs.  It's important to recognize that each situation is unique -- not only to those involved, but to the age and personalities of the individual dog or puppy.
Gluten-Free Diet Appeals To 30 Percent Of Adults, Survey Says. Three million Americans have been diagnosed with celiac disease, which can cause intestinal damage as a result of eating
Alzheimer's Disease Now Fastest-Growing Threat To U.S. Health, Report Finds. In the two decades since the first iteration of this research, sponsored by the World Bank in 1991, the United States fell
The Stigma of Obesity. The majority of us would be outraged by, and would not stand for, the same slandering of Asian, black, female, gay, elderly, or disabled Americans. Why, then, do we tolerate those who focus the same vitriol on people who are overweight?
What Is It Like To Grow Up With a Medical Doctor as a Parent?. The Good My mother is a doctor (a gynecologist). The last part of my answer (The Sacrifice) describes what she really is
Cancer. I was as prepared for my daughter's birth as anyone could be. What I wasn't prepared for was my wife's cancer diagnosis a little over three months later.
High Salt Diets May Be Behind Rising Autoimmune Disease Rates, Studies Find. He shared these findings with colleagues at Harvard Medical School and the Broad Institute of Harvard and the Massachusetts
Leptomeningeal Carcinomatosis. According to Fox Chase Cancer Center, the condition -- which is also called neoplastic meningitis -- occurs when cancer cells
Dr. Hannah Gay, Who 'Cured' HIV-Infected Baby, Made 'Gutsy Call That Turned Out To Be Correct'. Dr. Gay continued to treat the child until January 2012, when she was 18 months old and her mother stopped bringing the child
We Tried It. The silliness factor slowly melted away after the lights went down. We had to concentrate so much on the moves (and on staying centered on the trampoline) that we knew no one else could be watching us stumble.
Leafy Greens Could Play Important Role In Maintaining A Healthy Gut, Study Finds. Because proteins found in cruciferous vegetables -- which include broccoli and kale -- are already known by researchers to
Underrated Veggies That Deserve More Love. By Kerri Gains for U.S. News These days, the fact that so many fruits and veggies are dubbed \superfoods\ makes you wonder
8 Lessons I Learned This Birthday. I think we go through cycles of change -- when the complete unexpected throws you off your equilibrium -- giving you the opportunity to reassess and recalibrate. This past year was one of those cycles for me.
Addiction Isn't What It Used to Be. For the second time in less than a year, The New York Times Magazine has identified a major addictive trend that does not involve drugs.  In this case, it is junk food.
A Workout for Becoming a Better Athlete. Weight-loss workouts seem to be a dime a dozen, and easily found on fitness websites or in magazines. But what if your goals are more sport-specific and less focused on aesthetics?
Meditation and Motivation. Spiritual motives such as cooperation, sharing, caring integrity and respect create quality in the aim, the task and the methodology used. Meditation, in the form of reflection, always helps me to reexamine and redefine my aims, my processes and the reasons why I am doing what I am doing.
Falling Awake to Your Life. Not all things that you learn are taught to you by others. When you get straight with your own thinking, then your connections to others will flourish.
Dr. Jim Nicolai Interview. \Health and wellness are intertwined. I define health not as just 'the absence of disease' but as wholeness, balance, and resilience. Wellness is the feeling you have when you are moving toward health or you in fact are there.\
5 Simple Rules to Get Healthy This March!. We've decided to focus on getting healthy this month. We're eating delicious, healthy, whole foods, committing to exercise, and really cutting back on potentially inflammatory foods like sugar, alcohol, gluten, dairy, and processed foods. It's our experiment in just how healing food can be.
GPS Guide. Kathy Andersen is an international success coach, award-winning author and Harvard-trained leadership expert, who teaches
Act 'As If'!. Although I have been blessed with so many of my dreams becoming a reality this past year, I have still had some struggles with truly embracing the concept of abundance in my life. There are times that it seems to flow easily and effortlessly, and times that it doesn't even flow at all.
Eating Right During National Nutrition Month. A diet for life is built step by step. People who change their eating habits for good break down their challenges into manageable units that build confidence and keep momentum measurable.
Strong Mind, Stronger Body. Pamela Peeke, MD, MPH, FACP, is a Pew Scholar in nutrition and metabolism, assistant professor of medicine at the University
Stepping Away. We should never forget that we have at our disposal a great reservoir of human energy. We each must take personal responsibility to take care of our inner states of harmony and balance, in order to create such balance in our everyday lives.
Is Your Relationship System Working Well?. All relationships have a system. Some work well and some don't. Since I have been working with relationships for the last 44 years, I've become very attuned to what kind of a system two people have between them.
British Health Care Lags Behind Other Countries, Despite Free Treatment. Researchers who compared Britain's health performance since 1990 with 14 European Union countries plus Australia, Canada
The Joys of Voluntary Crutching, aka 'Quadstepping'. Just like for rock-climbing, I have the build for \quadstepping,\ my term for walking with crutches. I can even tweak the verb for related activities, like \tristepping\ if I go non-weight-bearing; \quadsquashing\ if I pole-crush bugs; or \quadfleeing\ if I leave the scene of a crime.
Intense Treatment in the Last Month of Life Is Rising. This latest study reveals not only abject failure, but lost ground as well. It's up to the people -- those approaching the end of life and those who love them -- to prevent medical habit from stealing a peaceful death.
The Science Of Sleeplessness. Nathaniel Kleitman, known as the \father of modern sleep research,\ was born in 1895 in Bessarabia -- now Moldova -- and
Facing Your Doctor Fearlessly. This fear of the doctor is quite normal, and also something you can overcome. Think about it
Coping With Emotional Eating. If you find yourself eating for emotion- or stress-related reasons, how can you better appraise your own abilities to cope with and actually effectively cope with your stressors?
DRI's BioHub May Cure Type 1 Diabetes. Scientists at the renowned Diabetes Research Institute (DRI) at the University of Miami may be just five to seven years away from curing Type 1 diabetes.
5 Ways to Make Your Winter 'WOEs' Fly Away. What can you do when you're weary of those dark, blustery days? You can remind yourself that perhaps the world's environment is getting to you, but there is something you can do. You can uplift your inner environment.
From Multi-Tasking to Mindful-Tasking. Our ability to focus on different things is one of the strengths of our truly incredible brains. It's a skill we would definitely not want to lose. However, psychologists and neurobiologists have both shown that we pay a price when we multitask.
Make More of Your Own Stuff. You never need to make anything yourself. Ever. If you haven't experienced the joy of creating something from nothing, do
How Stressed Is Your Doctor?. Practicing medicine now, in this day and age, may be another kind of traumatic stress, and one that is new to a younger generation of doctors. Imagine not knowing how you will get financed two years from now and if the government will cut your funding. A lot of us can relate.
3,500 Calories Equal A Pound Of Fat?. You've heard that you lose one pound for every 3,500 calories burned, but that's not necessarily the case.
Day 5. Successful people, in my experience, aren't the most talented; they're simply the ones who never stop trying, who never give up. Then, one day -- dehydrated and sunburnt -- they finally stumble upon their oasis.
Greek Yogurt Food Invasion Continues As Product Is Added To Cream Cheese, Hummus And More. It's been a whirlwind past few years for the Greek yogurt industry. Greek yogurt has gone from one percent of the yogurt
Debunking The Blood Type Diet (VIDEO). Created in 1997 by Peter J. D'Adamo, The Blood Type Diet suggests that a difference in blood types could account for the
Sleep And Exercise. People who don't exercise at all also struggled the most to stay awake during daytime activities, like eating or driving
Mediterranean Diet Best Diet Ever? Not So Fast. Now, don't get me wrong. I'm a big fan of the concept of Mediterranean eating, even though I've never seen anyone definitively define what \the Mediterranean diet\ actually is.
Sweet Nothings. The time has come for the Food and Drug Administration to reevaluate the safety of sugary drinks. That's what the Center for Science in the Public Interest, several dozen nutrition experts, seven local health departments, and 15 nonprofit organizations have asked the FDA to do.
Day 4. Strength, patience, passion and self-belief are the determining factors in life. Luckily, and democratically, can each cultivate these as much as we wish. The stretch of our reach then only depends on our determination and desire to do so.
I Lost Weight. For more on weight loss, click here. On that day, I sat and wrote out what was to form my new life goals. I wrote about my
Relieve Chronic Pain By De-Stressing, Study Says. Previous research has also shown an association between stress response and chronic pain sufferers. Now, many chronic pain
Healthy Skin. By Jennifer Benjamin You may spoil your skin silly with facials, fancy products and a skin care regimen that would make your
Addicted to Food?. If you look at our culture's eating behavior, it certainly looks like addiction. Any situation is an opportunity to eat. Once we've started eating we don't seem to know when to stop, even when we want to, even when we know we're hurting ourselves.
The End of Fear. I know why people journey from around the globe to be in Eckhart Tolle's presence; he personifies the awareness and stillness of which he writes. Sitting with a human being who is absent of compulsive thinking, judgments and mental commenting is a remarkable and unique experience.
10 Little Things to Do With Mindful Awareness. The more I practice mindful awareness, the more I learn what it is and what it isn't. What it isn't is hours spent in the lotus position, eyes closed, blissfully deep in meditation.
When Cancer Takes Your Hair. I still remember it vividly.  It was the morning of the day where I had my hair shaved off for the first time, after which I told myself, \Never again.\ And yet here I am... again... doing this by choice.
Tips for Fighting Fair. Argument and debate are going to happen, even in the best of partnerships, but it doesn't have to mean doomsday or that you're not compatible. In fact, I have found some conflict can actually be a stepping stone to a more honest, intimate place and can foster better communication.
Do I Drink Too Much Water?. By Dr. Mike Roussell for Shape.com More from Shape.com
A Story to Match Your Story. As someone who loves to hear people's stories and share my own stories with the world, I have found some of the stories I have continually told myself have not allowed me to listen wholeheartedly to others' stories.
Once, Twice, Three Times Malady. My cancer can't get enough of me. It keeps coming back. And so I've decided to accept my illness in order to move on with my life. The problem is, once you make the decision to become 'frenemies' with your illness, you accept being defined by it, and cancer has a nasty reputation.
The Myth of Urgency. We live in an age where information, demands, and choices are more plentiful than ever. This rush of possibility gives us the illusion that we can do anything without limit. With this rush of possibility and the illusion of no limits comes a relentless urgency to do it all.
Delta Teases Us With 'Shower' That Beats Jet Lag. Offering hope for jet lag sufferers around the world, Delta airline put its\u00a0funky new photon light shower on display at the
Let's Hear It for the Kidneys. This year, to recognize the organ I hold so dear, I'll be posting lots of health tips and hopefully some new-to-you information about the kidney -- what it does and how to make sure you're doing everything that you can to protect this vital organ.
How to Be Your Own Guru. By connecting to your inner teacher, you can be your own guru first and foremost, and even if you choose to follow a guru, teacher or master, you always have yourself to check in with along the way to see if you're in agreement with their teaching or comfortable with the experience.
Time Is Expendable/Expandable. I'm like a lot of us. Too busy, with too much to do, with not enough time. I have always had this dream of adding more hours
GPS Guide. Two activities really help me feel centered
Fitness Folklore, Or Fact? Exercise Experts Debunk Common Myths. TOO MUCH OR NOT ENOUGH \There's simply no hard and fast rule,\ said Merrithew, a former dancer. \Pilates is good for dancers
Sleep In A Pod On The Fly. Fliers faced with a lengthy layover or delay can sometimes feel stuck in airport limbo. Exhausted from hours in transit, travellers
How the Health Care Law Protects You. Today marks the beginning of National Consumer Protection Week, which makes this the perfect time to talk about some of the new rights and protections Americans have under the Affordable Care Act.
Positive Attitude Could Help People Conquer Phobias After Exposure Therapy. The study participants underwent exposure therapy for their phobia, which included having several minutes to come up with
Day 3. To be open takes great courage. To open your hands, your heart or your mind makes you brave indeed. You have to look people in the eye, you have to connect and allow yourself to be touched by the kindness, beauty and generosity of another person.
Meditation for Beginners. There's something powerful about sitting meditation, but there are other ways to bring meditative moments into your day -- for example, use the time when you're walking to your car after work or sitting at a stoplight to check in with yourself and mindfully observe what's happening.
The Top 10 Workout Songs for March 2013. Put simply, there weren't a lot of pop songs that came out this month.  In their absence, an eclectic bunch of tracks came out of the woodwork
Russell Simmons Interview With ORIGIN Magazine. OP
Can't Sleep? The Bedtime Rituals That Help You Doze Off. We asked readers to share their best tips for getting some rest after a stressful day.
Your Group Fitness Checklist. I am a big believer in the power of group fitness. Whether it's the energy of hundreds of yogis sweating together at an outdoor festival or a group of 40 spinners rocking out to Kanye remixes, group fitness inspires healthy camaraderie and shines a bright light on the world of wellness.
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
How to Meditate Without Even Trying. This is the sad joke about human beings
8 Yoga Poses For Restless Legs Syndrome. By Diana Rodriguez The itching, tingling, unpleasant sensations of restless legs syndrome (RLS) can be stressful to deal
National Day Of Unplugging 2013. ...Makes Driving Dangerous If you're looking at a smartphone, you're not looking at the road, and, even if it's just for
Day 2. Why do we put things off? Is our fear of failure, disappointment or embarrassment really so great that we let it lay waste to our dreams? Perhaps. But we also procrastinate because we believe we'll live forever.
The Science Behind Junk Food Marketing (VIDEO). Poor restraint may not be to blame for our inability to turn down a tempting snack. The New York Times recently published
Be a Creator, Not a Complainer. Live enough days on this planet and you're going to face some big stuff and plenty of little annoyances. There are bound to be whole days where things don't seem to go your way. What are you going to do with that?
Massage Could Ease Multiple Sclerosis Symptoms. \u201cIf you have MS and you want to try massage therapy, you should know that it is not a substitute for other types of physical
Sweet Nothings, Bitter Truth. I have great respect and appreciation for the Times, and a fair portion of both for the  insights of foodie/journalist Mark Bittman. But I have just about none of either for the combination of the two represented in an editorial by Mr. Bittman in the Times this week declaring sugar toxic.
Apremilast, Psoriasis Drug, Shown To Be Safe And Effective In Trial. Newer biologic drugs used to treat psoriasis, which include Amgen Inc's Enbrel and AbbVie Inc's Humira, can make patients
8 Reasons You Wake Up Exhausted. Ugh, is it 6:30 a.m. already? If you constantly wake up in the morning exhausted and feel like you're in a fog, here are
Yoga and Addiction. Yoga for recovery recognizes the need to connect the story of the body with the reason of the mind. Often people abuse their bodies because they don't feel comfortable in their skins. Yoga can help change that.
I Lost Weight. For more on weight loss, click here. Breaking Point
How Do We Find Beauty in the Pain? Reflection on Sandy Hook. In Judiasm, the immediate days after someone passes are referred to as Shivah, which is a formal seven-day period of mourning
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (Mar. 1-7). Even momentarily concentrating on healthy solutions rewires psychological patterns to receive and share healthy sexual love in the present.  Here are three meditations with the themes of self-knowledge, sexual climate, and support for you to ponder and practice this week.
National Day of Unplugging. If nothing else, the National Day of Unplugging raises awareness about our reliance on technology. It serves as a reminder to take a step back now and then and re-evaluate our relationship with social media. Is it healthy or is it an addiction that we need to address?
Snoring May Be a Warning of Serious Health Risk. Overall, much less attention has been paid to the possible health problems of snoring when it is not accompanied by sleep apnea. The research that has been done in this area has returned conflicting evidence regarding the health risks associated with snoring.
4 Ways to Forgive and Let Go. Although forgiving someone (or ourselves) can happen in an instant, my experience is that it is usually a much more lengthy process requiring great patience, trust, persistence and prayer --  more like peeling an onion or a lotus blossoming than a lightning bolt.
Shoulda, Coulda, Woulda. Think about a current situation in your life in which you're contemplating a big decision. Here is how to avoid second-guessing or regrets to feel best about your decision, as well as to master the decision-making process itself.
Life Lessons From My Dog. It seems most of us lose track of our intuitive, instinctual selves by the time we're 5.  Rasta apparently doesn't have this problem.  He goes with his gut no matter what.  He cannot help himself.
31 Days of Daily Inspiration From Brilliant Women. March is National Women's History Month. To celebrate and commemorate the contribution of great women through the ages, I'll be posting a daily inspirational quote from 31 famous women who've changed our world, along with reflections and practical tips for today.
Championing Yoga Asana. It is my hope that bringing yoga into sports and introducing it to children will create a lasting change and equip the younger generation with the skills and tools needed for growth and constant improvement.
Call Your Doctor... on a Rotary Phone. Private practices will not disappear, but increasingly they will become a niche to provide good old fashioned service to the generation in the habit of \going to see my doctor,\ while the more mobile young have already discovered the instant gratification of clinics and particularly the ERs.
Let's Enhance Patient Care Together. At a time when patients are craving more personalized care and search engines are providing \diagnoses\ that are all too often incorrect, this sort of collaboration among physicians is essential to maintaining a first class health care system.
BPA May Raise Kids' Asthma Risk, Study Finds. For more on the potential effects of BPA, watch the HuffPost Live segment below
Why HuffPost Staffers Unplug From Technology. If you've been plugged in to our site recently, you know that this Friday, March 1 at sundown marks the official start of
'Social Media Anxiety Disorder'. On Friday, March 1, @HealthyLiving and @GPSforSoul hosted a Twitter chat to explore our growing addiction to social media
My Conversation With Michael Moss. The food industry brings in serious muscle to bully us into eating too much of all the wrong things, while someone counts the cash. Any conversation about personal responsibility or public policy that fails to acknowledge this reality is either disingenuous, or uninformed.
Mediterranean Diet. Ever since I swam in the sea at Tel Aviv as a child, warm, lapping turquoise waters have beckoned.  Never mind that I was born in New England and spent my summers on Cape Cod in the frigid and boisterous Atlantic Ocean.
Breaking the Diet/Binge Cycle. Having spent decades bouncing back and forth between my strict diet du jour and the \I blew it, screw it, eat everything in sight and start again on Monday\ program, I am honored to share with others the tips and tools that helped me crack the diet/binge code once and for all.
Mercury Retrograde. Wait until Mercury goes direct on March 17 to make your most important decisions, because that will be the time that clearer communication returns and you can trust that the information you receive to be accurate and reliable.
Is Sugar Making the World Fat, Diabetic, and Hypertensive?. The new study in Public Health Nutrition reminds us that in developing countries, sugar intake continues to rise. Therefore, the developing world needs policies that limit added sugars, hopefully before the train leaves the station.
Osteoporosis Drugs With Calcitonin Salmon May Raise Cancer Risk, FDA Says. * Novartis, Unigene/Upsher Smith products under review Calcitonin products include Novartis AG's Miacalcin injection and
In Season. With spring on the horizon, but a chill still in the air (and snow still in the forecast in many states), March can feel
Surgeon General Koop. A man of enormous physical presence and stature, Koop became a public figure at the juxtaposition of a nation yearning for a credible, visible and competent health leader with that of a national media consumed by an insatiable appetite for content.
A Good Night's Sleep Can Be a Matter of Life and Death. There is no shortage of scientific studies being released on a regular basis showing links between obstructive sleep apnea
The Trillion Dollar Woman. It has been awhile since I have blogged here on HuffPost. Blame it on the \endless\ presidential election of 2012 or the
Unplug SF, National Day Of Unplugging Event, De-Digitizes Modern Technology (PHOTOS). So, are you unplugging this Friday night? Check in with us after the experience and tell us what you've learned. One San
Thoughts on Death. According to the spiritual teachers I lean on, death doesn't exist. When we die, our soul leaves the physical body and reunites with our higher self. If we want to, and when we are ready, we can do another round.
When It All Seems to Be Falling Apart. While you are in crisis, you are forced to function outside of your normal comfort zone. The sheer nature of a crisis or struggle creates a certain amount of present moment awareness, which is where the solutions live.
What Needs to Be Done About the Rising Rate of Advanced Breast Cancer in Young Women. For young women with breast cancer, the stakes of treatment are greater -- in terms of potential for life-years saved, and in terms of the risks of therapy
Running Form. Opinions abound with regard to the propulsive phase in running. Where and how it happens continues to fuel heated exchange between authorities, with perhaps their sole agreement being that it occurs during ground contact.
An End to Worry. How can we stop worrying when part of us seems convinced that if we only do enough of it we'll stay healthy, safe, and successful for the rest of our lives? By recognizing that worry is a poor substitute for knowledge, intuition and inspiration.
The Real Snack Food Story. Youth Radio/Youth Media International (YMI) is youth-driven converged media production company that delivers the best youth
Acne Bacteria Strain Linked With Healthy Skin Identified By Researchers. Then, the researchers cultured the bacteria and sequenced the DNA of 66 of the P. acnes strains. Recently, another study
Food Safety Proposal Meetings Launched By FDA. \It's already created a slowdown in operations because you can't predict what will happen,\ Roberts said. The new law is
10 Misconceptions About Working Out. Working out to become fit means that you're strengthening the systems of your entire body for everyday, peak performance. It's a lot like servicing your car.  And that is what your main goal should be.
The Fitness Myths That Hold You Back, and How to Succeed. I fully agree that strong abdominals are very useful and important to have. But this is not the full story. The most powerful muscles of our body are all the muscles that are attached to the pelvis, what I call the \power center.\
A Recipe for Life. Reasonable lifestyle changes make a huge difference in living longer, healthier lives, and are simpler than you think.  Like I tell my clients, it's the small changes that add up to a winning recipe.
What They Don't Want You to Know About Raspberry Ketones. Before you jump on the raspberry ketone bandwagon, there are a few things you should know about this over-priced, proclaimed weight-loss miracle in a bottle.
How to Take a Step Back in Order to Make Huge Strides Forward. Sometimes you have to leave behind everything and everyone you know in order to really, truly discover and connect with yourself. To regroup and recalibrate. There's nothing wrong with this, in fact, it's absolutely necessary in order to continue growing as an individual.
5 Reasons to Take Astaxanthin Every Day. For humans, astaxanthin is a powerful antioxidant with broad health implications, and unlike other antioxidants, such as beta carotene, zeaxanthin, vitamin E, C, D and selenium, astaxanthin never becomes pro-oxidant in the body.
Happiness Tips. We asked authors and thinkers for their best piece of advice on the pursuit of joy.
Self-Realization in Verse. I had just quit my office job in an attempt to \find myself.\ I was unemployed and openly drunk in the middle of the day. This poem, \I Think I'm an Alcoholic,\ was an attempt at understanding, and making others understand, my precarious position.
From Up on High. The ironies abound in this lean 84-minute documentary. Obesity in this country is shown to be often a sign of hunger and poverty, unlike in very poor, developing countries, where hunger and poverty leave people all skin and bones.
National Day Of Unplugging 2013. Do you respond to the beep, ping, rattle and shake of your gadgets on command? You may be suffering from digital distress
Under Armour Creates High-Performance Fitness Tracker. Sneak a peek at the system in this teaser trailer below (featuring MMA fighter Georges St-Pierre)
Creation, Destruction, and the Paradox of Existence. Perhaps the most obvious -- and most troubling -- example of contradiction in our universe is the constant tension between creation and destruction.
Mean People Don't Necessarily Suck. When people start spouting unhappiness, inanities and misinformation, I know they're simply replaying old tapes and need my love more than ever.
No String Attached. What if we were joyful simply just because? We all know the feeling of our hearts spilling over with joy. Can you imagine feeling this way all the time, or at least believing you could feel this way at any given time?
Tell the FDA You Eat It Raw. What should farmers do to make sure fruits and vegetables are safe to eat? That's the question at the core of listening sessions being held by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. The agency is seeking comments on the proposed new Food Safety Modernization Act rules.
Memory-Reinforcing Benefits Of Sleep Are Even Greater In Kids, Study Finds. Here's another reason to make sure your child gets enough sleep each night. Researchers found that the adults and kids who
10 Happiest U.S. States. In an interview with 24/7 Wall St., Gallup research head Dan Witters explained how these may be connected. Health and emotional
Up Close and Personal With the Millennial Stress Generation. I believe that living from a place of  understanding, openness and compassion for the millenniums will do more to alleviate their stress than any other solution. We need to break our silence and heal our isolation and connect with intention to support this generation.
An Email Inspired Tracy Plumb, Ohio Woman, To Lose 150 Pounds (VIDEO). \The bigger you are, the more invisible you are.\ That's how Tracy Plumb, of Madeira, Ohio, felt as she edged closer to 300
Weird Late Night Snacks. Are you a fan of midnight snacking? How about a little late night 'concocting?' A recent study shows that there's a difference
BPA Could Affect Brain Development By Impacting Gene Regulation, Study Finds. In this newest study in rodents, researchers found that BPA could potentially have a negative effect on development of the
Receive Faces. Our faces are exquisitely capable of a vast range of expressions, such as showing fear to send signals of alarm, interest to draw others toward an opportunity, or fondness and kindness to increase closeness and the sense of \us.\
New Painful Sex Drug Is Approved. On Tuesday, Feb. 27, the FDA approved Osphena, a new drug for painful sex. It's a class of meds called selective estrogen receptor modulators, or SERMs, and is similar to other medications of this type, such as Tomoxifen and Raloxifene.
Keep Going. Harriet Tubman always remembered to ask for direction and then listen for the answer. The way was always made clear. What stands between me and that kind of guidance? Remembering to ask.
Talking While Making Left Turns Is Distracting, Study Finds. According to government statistics on distracted driving, cell phones are behind 18 percent of U.S. distraction-related deaths
The Grandfather of Preventative Health. Although Dr. Koop was deeply conservative and religious, he was opposed by many on the left and the right because he had the integrity to go where the data took him, regardless of politics or his own personal opinions.
Life Lessons From My Yogi. Yoga means something different to every student. Ask 10 yogis what drew them to their mat, and you'll get 10 answers (many
5 Ways Clothing Can Make You Sick. From skinny jeans and body shapers to way-too-tight neckties and that itchy wool sweater, some of what we wear isn't just
Heart Health Month. Heart disease is still the leading cause of death for both men and women, accounting for one in every four deaths, or about
I Lost Weight. After Weight
Shut Up for One Tiny Second. She didn't really know a thing about vipassana (or any form of meditation, for that matter), except the little I'd told her. She had no spiritual practice or exposure of any kind, no idea what she was in for. But it felt right, she said, something she had to do.
Why Not a Leisure Mentor or Coach?. But what I missed in all this searching for leisure professionals is doing leisure mentoring, coaching, or consulting for people who simply want to have fun and want some guidance in how to make the most of their leisure time -- and where to get these leisure experiences.
Still Believe 'A Calorie Is a Calorie'?. Sugar in excess is a toxin, unrelated to its calories. The dose determines the poison. Like alcohol, a little sugar is fine, but a lot is not. And the food industry has put us way over our limit.
The World's Most Powerful Creative Act. Remember that we cannot begin again until some other chapter has closed.  For the daffodil, the winter is on the wane.  The end of one season brings the onset of the next new life.
Connecting for Sustainable Change. I believe that 'connecting to our connectedness' is one of the keys to sustainable change.
Standing Still. I may have a bit more apparent emotional bruises and visible laugh lines, but it means I've fully lived -- and fine by me that I'm working on being a super woman not Superwoman. There's a difference -- a big difference.
College-Age Disease Calls for Attention. It is my hope that colleges across the country will increase the eating disorder resources and support offered not only to college students, but also to family members and local communities.
Interview with Carl Massy. \I believe that financial success is closely linked with what we truly believe we (as a person) are worth, and then life will sign a check for that amount.\
6 Heart-Healthy Yoga Postures. Can't touch your toes anymore?  Not to worry.  Practice this short cycle of postures three times per week to improve the results of the sit-and-reach test.
The Pleasure and Perils of Exercise Class. Unlike solitary exercise on a machine or weight lifting, taking classes often makes going to a health club a social event. You can do a couple of things to help decide whether a specific exercise class will be right for you.
Operation Puppy. Could I convince my husband that watching Animal Planet's Puppy Bowl is essential for my workday? Or that my impulsive visits to LOLCats are actually productive, not a complete utter waste of life and brain power like I had once thought?
How Illness Can Make Us Better. Illness bestows for many, and perhaps particularly for young people, deeper wells of compassion, maturity and the desire to make a difference in the world.
HuffPost Workouts. There is a trick to creating the desire to work out early and to ensure the effectiveness of the exercise at hand. You need to let yourself ease into the movements through a playlist with a musical arc that allows you to do so.
My Heart Health Story. After a visit to the emergency room, followed by an appointment with a cardiologist, my life would soon take an unexpected turn. I was diagnosed with a rare congenital heart defect that was causing my heart valve to leak severely and enlarged my heart twice the normal size.
My Heart Health Story. The fact of a heart attack became a reality when I was told by the emergency room on-call cardiologist that I couldn't wait for family to arrive to the hospital for support. \There's no time to lose.\ He needed to perform a heart catheterization procedure immediately.
My Heart Health Story. Three months after recovering from my heart surgery, I ran my first 5k. My goal was to run the entire race and finish, and that I did.
My Heart Health Story. My life is not \go, go, go\ all the time like it was before. I rest more, eat better and take some time for myself. I think we all get used to doing too much and learn to ignore minor ailments or fatigue because that is what women are programmed to do.
What I Would Tell My 20-Something Self. As I look back with gratitude and compassion, there are many things I want to tell my 20-something self. Here are some of the things I would say to her.
Unplug From Technology. Seriously, put down the cell phone.
Letting Go of Toxic People. Spirituality is not about becoming the person that you are supposed to be, or about doing the \spiritual\ thing.  To be spiritual is to compassionately welcome your truth -- what you actually feel -- whether you like that truth or not.
MAKER Oprah Encourages Finding Your Significance (VIDEO). A famed talk show host, philanthropist and the highest paid woman in Hollywood, Oprah Winfrey has undeniably left a mark
Salt Sugar Fat. In creating products that will sell consistently, food manufacturers learned to walk a line between the extremes of an exciting first bite or sip and the utterly familiar. More than any other product, Coke had mastered this balancing act.
More Data, Fewer Antibiotics Are Keys to Fighting Deadly Superbugs. As our lawmakers in the Senate discuss the fees that companies will pay to help the FDA expedite drug reviews, they should also require those companies to provide information that helps the agency protect people from drug-resistant superbugs.
Take the A Train. Here's how you should see your life
Volunteering Is Good For The Heart And 7 Other Heart-Healthy Habits. If you don't yet have a cause you're passionate about, don't worry. Volunteering isn't the only healthy habit that can get
Arianna Huffington At Wisdom 2.0 (VIDEO). Last week at the fourth annual Wisdom 2.0 Summit, the Concourse Exhibition Center was bustling with talk about how to find
Somatic Syndrome Disorder Could Mislabel Sick As Mentally Ill. \A lot of people will be written off as crocks -- it's just in their head,\ said Dr. Allen Frances, who was chair of the
Obesity, Lack Of Physical Activity May Raise Colorectal Cancer Risk. \Obesity and Lack of Exercise May Raise Risk For Colorectal Cancer\ originally appeared on Everyday Health. Study subjects
Working From Home. When Best Buy implemented a \u201cResults-Only Work Environment\u201d for some of its employees \u2014 allowing them flexibility in work
Yoga. This is an interview with Ann Richardson, who works with wounded, ill, and injured United States Marines. She travels extensively as an instructor for Special Warfare working with both able-bodied and injured men and women.
8 Exciting Oatmeal Alternatives. Bust out of a breakfast funk and make an energizing, filling meal that'll make you look forward to waking up. Read more on
Supercharge Your Day With Superfoods. We used to think that \a calorie is a calorie\ and all foods basically impacted our bodies the same way.  We now know that's not true.  In fact, there are some foods that are truly super -- they pack the biggest nutritional bang even in small portions and help fight diseases.
How to Decode Your Seed Catalog. by guest blogger Robyn Jasko, cofounder of Grow Indie Hybrid Seeds Not to be confused with GM seeds, hybrids are naturally
GPS Guide. GPS Guides are our way of showing you what has relieved others' stress in the hopes that you will be able to identify solutions
'Pandora's Lunchbox'. In the same vein, a new book, Pandora's Lunchbox
Simple Truth's Mindful Moments. The real answer to living your life in balance and with a healthy sense of calm is not about spending more time on the mat or on a meditation pillow, but taking your practice off the pillow and bringing it into your everyday life.
Resveratrol May Protect Against Harmful Effects Of Hearing Loss, Animal Study Shows. \COX-2 levels are induced dramatically following noise exposure,\ the researchers wrote in the study. \This increased expression
Why Cooking Can Save Your Life. The cure for what ails us -- both in our bodies and in our nation -- can be found in the kitchen. It is a place to rebuild community and connection, strengthen bonds with family and friends, teach life-giving skills to our children, and enrich and nourish our bodies and our souls.
A Small Change Can Make a Big Difference. Today, very little movement is needed to accomplish our daily errands. Technology has made our lives easier and more sedentary. Most items can be purchased by a few clicks on the computer, picking up the phone, or driving to the store.
You Are Good Enough. Find your life purpose. Keep it in your consciousness and use it to guide your decisions. Know that you are good enough right now. Treat outside input as just that, another source of data. Know that you are capable and worthy of your goals.
Crime Drama Viewers May Be More Inclined To Help Victims Of Sexual Assault, Study Suggests. The participants feelings\u2019 of rape were then assessed though the Illinois Rape Myth Acceptance Scale, where they were presented
Compulsive Hoarding. Compared with other participants, hoarders reported more anxiety, sadness and indecisiveness during the experiment. The scanners
Food Signals. Understanding the influence of food on cells could offer a better way to design diets, says Randy J. Seeley, the director
Is Loving Yourself Selfish or Self-Responsible?. For more on emotional wellness, click here. I got confused early in my life because I was told I was selfish if I did what
STOP and De-Stress In 30 Seconds. Part of Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction (MBSR) and other mainstream Mindfulness-Based programs, is a simple practice called STOP, for 'Stop, Take a Breath, Observe, Proceed.'
Cancer, Redefined. Of tantamount importance in the cancer lexicon is some acceptable name of a group of individuals who have been diagnosed with cancer. Far too frequently this nomenclature has been applied to, rather than derived of, this amazing group of folks.
Flexible Work Is Healthy, Studies Show. Marissa Mayer, CEO of Yahoo!, enacted a policy this week that requires previously remote workers to now spend their days
The Authentic Yogini. \I always need the lessons I teach.\ Mindy smiles. Drawing from her studies in Sanskrit and the timeless wisdom of the dharma
How to Meditate. So many of my readers and viewers struggle with meditation. Whether you're a meditation newbie or have had a practice for years, the powerful act of tuning in can be challenging at times. To amp up your meditation practice and demystify the experience, I've created this video.
The 8 Worst Foods For Sleep. Still, says Baron, \we've known for a long time that there are foods that promote or inhibit sleep.\ A glass of warm milk
Standing Up to an Eating Disorder. I\u2019m telling my story in the hopes that people can begin to realize that eating disorders and mental disorders can affect everyone. What I am doing is something that has scared me for a long time, but I feel like it is something I need to do.
What You Don't Know About Processed Food. Writer Melanie Warner, whose new behind-the-scenes-look-at-the-world-of-processed-foods book, Pandora's Lunchbox, is out this week, spent the past year and a half investigating how processed foods are actually made.
Reaching for the Heart of Spring. Every change of season evokes emotions, but spring, charging out of winter's cold dark with renewed life and brighter days, seems our most beloved. New hopes bloom like flowers springing back from roots we feared lost to numbing ice.
Making Friends With Your Fear. Doing anything outside of our experience is a plunge, especially stepping into places that we resist or are fearful of. The added ingredient of meditation enables us to step beyond our boundaries and deepens the experience of inclusivity.
Pandemrix, Swine Flu Vaccine, Linked Again To Narcolepsy In Kids In New Study. According to the UK results, vaccination with Pandemrix at any time was associated with a 14-fold increased risk of narcolepsy
I Lost Weight. Today, I weigh 182 pounds. I no longer snore, my self-esteem is back to where it was six years ago, I no longer feel depressed
How to Stay Focused When Spring Fever Hits. How can you make the most of the mood and creativity boost often known as \spring fever\ without experiencing a plummet in your ability to get things done? Here are three practical strategies.
What Genetics Tells Us About Anxiety. For several days this month, one of the most emailed articles in the New York Times was \Why Can Some Kids Handle Pressure While Others Fall Apart?\  The article purports to explain why some children fold under the pressure of taking tests.
The Golden Rule of Energy. Not only is it important to be aware that treating others the way we would like to be treated is morally the right thing to do, it is just as important to understand that for every one of our actions, there is an equal and opposite reaction that we draw toward ourselves.
Sleep-Deprived People May Gravitate Toward Bigger Portion Sizes, Study Shows. After eating breakfast, researchers found that the sleep-deprived study participants wanted bigger snack portions than pre
Standing Firm on Thin Ice. In retrospect, the officer's silence was a way of acknowledging that a young man had demonstrated a commitment to upholding his word. Perhaps the universe shined favorably upon me, too, for helping a fellow denizen of the planet.
The Weight of the 'Wait'. As caregivers, there is nothing that we can do to influence the results. Yet waiting for the outcome can weigh so heavily on us. No doubt about it, the sheer weight of the situation equals stress, and potentially a lot of it.
History. For many, history weaves the warp of time with the weft of experience into a brilliant mosaic cloth of memories. Just how does memory serve us? In some cases, memories bless us in their teachings.
F.R.E.U.D.. A good therapist will care for us, accept and even love us, in her or his own way, and thus allow us to accept and love ourselves a little more. I don't know if we can ever achieve such a relationship without a human connection.
Meeting the Emotional Challenges of Acute Inpatient Rehabilitation, Part Two. The physicians and other health professionals included me in the process of making medical and other plans. I felt I was not just a patient taking orders from a health care provider on high but a respected part of the health care team.
Russia To Enact Public Smoking Ban. Erik Bloomquist, an analyst at Berenberg Bank, said
Guys, It's Time to Get Together With Your Fellow Man. My dad's time away with his friends was on a golf course. He never really mastered the game, but he didn't really care. That's because dad was with his guy friends, relaxing in nature, taking his frustrations out on a little white ball.
Afraid to Eat. We, as a society, have got to change. This unhealthy focus on appearance has to stop. It's all pervasive -- every magazine, TV show, movie, video game seems to be just a disguise for a how-to guide on how we're supposed to look, feel, and act.
Medical Attention Required. A growing body of research now shows that Americans -- rich or poor, minority or not -- suffer from a widening \health disadvantage\ when compared to citizens of other high-income countries.
The PRH (Personal Responsibility for Health) Chronicles, Part 5. Epidemic obesity and chronic disease is, like a perfect storm, the product of massive and protean forces. It is an emergency in slow motion, but an emergency just the same. Like any other storm, these threats call for a brisk and well-coordinated crisis response that has yet to materialize fully.
Feeling Stuck? 5 Tips for Moving Forward. When we dwell on the past, we are only creating misery for ourselves, and we are keeping ourselves from moving forward, which is the only way we can move! The only thing that is real is this moment.
Using a Harmonica as a Weapon for Good. It turns out that playing the harmonica can be a great therapy for COPD patients.  The repeated pattern of breathing in and out through the instrument can help patients to become aware of their breathing patterns.
Missed Diagnoses Common In Doctor's Offices, Raise Complication Risk. Feb 26 (Reuters) - Missed or wrong diagnoses are common in primary care and may put some patients at risk of serious complications
Distinguishing Mind From Heart. The heart often speaks to us quietly and with common sense. The mind tends to rationalize our desires and reactions. To help you distinguish between how your mind might sound vs. your heart, here are some examples in the same situations.
Mercury Retrograde. Many readers have asked to be warned when Mercury goes retrograde.  They want to avoid the kind of mental mistake that cost Governor Perry his presidential nomination.
Navigating the World as an Introvert. Even though our culture still favors the extroverts, I find it to be easier navigating in the world as an introvert. And it makes my heart sing that my introverted son gets to grow up without having to adjust as much as I had to. He gets to focus on his desires and strengths.
Wello App Connects Users Around The Globe To Personal Trainers Via Video. Wello, an app that connects users with personal trainers for video-based workouts, has launched group classes for a range
Pregnancy Rates By State. By
11 Tricks To Waking Up In The Morning. Because you've hit the snooze button a few too many times.
Yoga Could Ease Symptoms, Boost Quality Of Life For People With Atrial Fibrillation. Results showed that the number of symptomatic episodes experienced by the study participants was less when they were undergoing
Not Too Tight, Not Too Loose. In the neutral moments that make up most of life, when we're neither suffering nor ecstatic, we can practice mindfulness -- paying attention to what arises, without judgment.
GPS Guide. Nhat Vuong is a Vietnamese, who grew up in Switzerland as a refugee. This experience allowed him to understand the gap between
Hollywood's Take on Grief. From Les Miserables to Silver Linings Playbook to Flight, death and grief are major themes in this year's Oscar nominated films. The film makers and writers must be applauded for daring to expose viewers to such intimate portrayals of the grief process.
Many Americans Still Drink Too Much, Study Says. \People need to be aware that there are people of all ages who drink to excess,\ she told Reuters Health, adding that the
Oscar Psychology. It only makes sense, then, that we'd want to follow them to the Academy Awards, to see who they're dating, what they're wearing
10 Celebrity Bodies We Need To Stop Talking About. By Charlotte Andersen for Shape.com There's so much more to these famous females (and one male) than their figures! Here
Omontys Recall. \Due to the severity of the public health risk, we want to be certain that healthcare providers stop using Omontys,\ said
And the Oscar Goes to... You!. The goal of this exercise is certainly not to replace social relationships with a reflective surface -- the literally fatal moment of the Narcissus myth -- but rather to motivate you to get off the couch and engage with others more purposefully, meaningfully, and effectively.
HuffPost Workouts. Since then, a wide range of songs and artists have been recognized. Nominated for best original song this year are
Sleep. The last finding is particularly interesting
Why A Sleep Apnea Diagnosis May Save Your Life. If you'd like to take a simple test to determine whether or not you might want to consider testing for sleep apnea, just
A Walking Away Point. Stress can make us press forward without recognizing the wall, but the quality of the work suffers because we no longer see the project with clarity. The \walking away point\ is the moment we become aware of this wall and we make a choice to shift our attention, in order to detach from the stress, onto something that allows us to relax and open up our perception of what we are doing.
Acupuncture Could Bring Some Relief To People With Seasonal Allergies. Acupuncture could help ease symptoms of seasonal allergies, according to a new study in the journal Annals of Internal Medicine
Tips When Facing Fear and Stress. What I've come to understand is that courage isn't the absence of fear at all. It's taking an action or risk, making a move or decision in spite of it, and here are some of the tools that I found were handy.
Bitter Pill. When Sean Recchi, a 42-year-old from Lancaster, Ohio, was told last March that he had non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, his wife Stephanie
You Chill Me Out. Me, Myself And I \Myself, usually. Because I get so complicated, sometimes it's just easier talking to someone who gets me
The Worst Exercise Excuses. Of course, for many of us who work out in the morning, simply getting ourselves out of bed is the issue. If that's you, download
Disney Princess Half Marathon Playlist (LISTEN). One year ago, I'd hadn't run so much as a mile since the presidential fitness test in high school. I've never had a weight
Your Life Is Great! 5 Steps to Celebrating Instead of Complaining. The attitude of celebrating your life is healthy, both physically and emotionally. Not only that, but upbeat people attract other upbeat people, so by changing your attitude, you can set in motion positive reinforcement for a new and improved outlook. How great is your life already?
I Lost Weight. This past year is when I really started to change my thinking from just losing weight to being a healthy and strong person
The Upside of Negative Emotions. When we find ourselves having a strong emotional response that might not be appropriate to the situation, we can stop and take a moment to reflect on how our reaction may be influenced by our past experiences.
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (Feb. 22-28). Even momentarily concentrating on healthy solutions rewires psychological patterns to receive and share healthy sexual love in the present.  Here are three meditations with the themes of stress, circumstance, and tolerance for you to ponder and practice this week.
Unexpected Heart Health Wake-up Call. My mind circled back to online articles I had read in the past few years about danger signals for women and heart attacks. It now occurred to me that I was experiencing some of them now.
Sleep Could Ease Delirium In ICU Patients, Study Finds. It's no secret that hospitals -- particularly ICUs -- are loud. A recent study from Harvard examined what exactly the sounds
Losing Your Memory? Not So Fast.... There are a great many ways to work at maintaining and even improving your memory functions as you get older, and there's no question that both mental and physical stimulation keep your brain sharp.  But the simple truth is that our memories may not be fading as quickly as we think.
Hospital Removes Wrong Testicle, Angry Patient Sues After Surgeons Unable To Reattach. \u201cThis is a regrettable incident and the trust once again offers its sincere apologies to the patient,\ the spokesperson told
How to Know It's Time for You to Face the Unknown. It's only when you stop resisting change and make the best of the moment, \without knowing what's going to happen next,\ that the universe supports you to create inspired healing, wellness, and live-out-loud joy.
6 Ways to Host the Best (And Healthiest!) Oscar Party. Let's be honest -- you don't really want to gorge yourself while watching your favorite fit celebrities strut their stuff on the red carpet. It's a surefire way to feel not so good about yourself. But you can watch the Oscars in style while keeping it skinny.
4 Steps to Conquer Your Inner Critic. When we fail to identify and separate from this inner critic, we allow it to impact our behavior and shape the direction of our lives. So how can we challenge this inner voice?
5 Ways to Make Nutrition Labeling More Effective. Thanks to the Nutrition Labeling and Education Act of 1990, we as consumers have easy access to the nutritional information for most of the foods we can purchase in a grocery store. As they say, information is power -- but that power is weakened by several flaws in our labeling system.
Life, Italian-Style. The Italian Ministry of Foreign Affairs has declared 2013 to be \The Year of Italian Culture in the United States.\ Italian culture revolves around beauty, love, passion and sensuality -- all things that feed the body and the soul.
Holding Insurance Companies Accountable for High Premium Increases. And it's working. Moreover, when an insurer does decide to increase rates, consumers are seeing lower rate increases than
Happy Childhood Linked With Good Heart Health In Adulthood. Having a happy childhood can also have brain benefits, too. University of Cambridge researchers recently found that a happy
GPS for the Parent of a Teenager's Soul. As I wrapped by scarf tighter around me and put my hands inside my poncho for warmth, I brought my teenager to mind. He was my question. What would improve our relationship? How do I make our everyday more loving and less adversarial?
Beyond Your Wildest Dreams. \The courage I'm talking about is this divine inner strength that everyone is born with, a strength to be your most authentic self and to take powerful actions consistent with your loving, compassionate heart.\
How I Pray. For years, I prided myself on being an atheist and had no interest in god or religion. Back then, the word \spirituality\ wasn't part of our everyday vernacular. But all that changed during the 1970s when spirituality became a buzz word.
10 Things I've Decided Not to Stress About. Worrying won't change anything, but staying positive just might. To do my part in the fight against all things stressful, here are a few I've given myself permission not to get so uptight about.
This Is What Vegans Eat. Very few of us were raised vegan, so at some point, we did make a lifestyle switch. When you first go vegan, it's common to have cravings left over from the pre-vegan days, and it's fun to try to \veganize\ old favorites. Here are some traditional meals and treats gone vegan.
Johnson & Johnson Orthopedic Device Recalled Due To Fracture Potential. The FDA said the company is not recommending revision or additional follow up in the absence of symptoms of patients with
5 Unhealthy Handbag Habits. From stuffing them to the brim to setting them on the floor, learn the biggest bad habits of bag-carrying and how to avoid
WATCH. Given a lot of the programming we have received, being true to ourselves can often be challenging. I hope this video will help you to do so.
Prevention of Breast Cancer. We are all exposed to environmental factors that might ratchet up the risk of cancer. This report offers all of us the hope of staving off a substantial number of breast cancer cases in the coming decades.
Schizophrenia At School. An anonymous op-ed in the Harvard Crimson criticizes the College for failing to aid students with mental illness. If Harvard
Wisdom 2.0 Summit. In today's digital age, it's easy to get caught up in the connectedness of technology and forget to unplug. Enter the Wisdom
Stressed? Here's A 5-Minute Fix. By JC Peters for Spirituality & Health Magazine You can stay here for up to 20 minutes if you are comfortable, but five minutes
Choosing Wisely, Indeed. Culture shifts with regard to medical practice come slowly, but having this collaborative style effort from thought leaders of reputable organizations underscores both the timeliness and urgency of these recommendations.
Modern Yoga Will Not Form a Real Culture Until Every Studio Can Also Double as a Soup Kitchen. You can't ask a teenager to suddenly manifest a social service network that the churches have been mothering for generations. The churches have paid their mortgages through centuries of focused intention and tithing.
Confessions of a Cereal Killer. No matter what your most tempting foods are, you can still have them -- in moderation and in healthy portions. And with tools like measuring cups, we can eat well and not overdo it to the point of triggering a binge.
10 Ways to Avoid Being Ripped Off Buying Health Insurance. Health insurance expert Katherine Woodfield provides 10 tips on how to navigate the sometimes-confusing lingo, mathematic calculations and insurance coverage options to help make sure you're getting the best deal on health insurance.
The Best Minds of Our Generation, and Keeping Them Alive. This part of our culture gives me great hope. That we can work together around this changing of the world. And that we can
Weight Loss, Fact and Fiction. Some findings are surprising, some are not, and some common notions about weight loss are yet to be proven or disproven. I have my own opinions based on treating tens of thousands of patients over many decades.
The Food Pushers in Your Life. Losing weight is torture enough without having to deal with negotiations about forbidden food.  And with weight loss saboteurs, if you can spot them, then you can stop their effect on your weight loss efforts.
Beating the Cancer Blues. Sometimes, cancer would stroll next to me, repeatedly kicking me, punching me, making me fall.I fell down a lot. Sometimes it was more like tripping over my feet. Sometimes I didn't know how to get up. Everyone I know who has gone through cancer has felt this.
Celebrating a Decade Thriving With Cancer. As I meditate on the impact that illness has had on my life, I realize I'm a better, more grateful woman today because of cancer. I was asleep at the wheel before cancer shook me awake. And though there's still no cure, I continue to live harmoniously with cancer.
Best Fitness Trackers. Our editors tried the most popular models.
Running Form. You'll remember from the previous post that \correct running form asks only that runners eliminate the variables, and reinforce the invariables.\ In running, while foot-to-ground contact is a given, does nature favor one manner of landing and loading over another? Let's find out.
Mind-Made Reality. Perception, as Deepak says, is mind-made. Perhaps no two sets of eyes will see exactly the same rose, and it may be frustrating when our experiences don't align perfectly with someone else's.
Thinking Of Trying A Juice Cleanse?. DON'T... Rely On Juice To Heal A Serious Illness As far as we know, juicing doesn\u2019t cure any of the chronic diseases we face
Sleep and 'The Fourth Instinct'. I was STUCK in fatigue and resisting rest. At that time in my life, REST was a four-letter curse word to me and not part of my Type A personality. I didn't have time for this!
Where Are You Blocking the Flow?. You always have a say in what happens in your life, but sometimes, it's better to move with the natural flow of things. Oftentimes, we create blocks that stop abundance, opportunity and growth from happening.
Biomarkers for Depression. When I saw the journal article, I wondered if there was something new that could better explain how depression comes on in a person (called pathogenesis -- or how a disease process is born). Might there be new information about how to improve depression treatment?
Today's ADHD Headline. Negative headlines increase stress around an already-challenging choice, without reflecting the reality that while all medications have potential side effects, so does untreated or undertreated ADHD.
Eat Healthy! Everybody's Doing It!. What do you think is going to lead more students to the salad bar
Role Reversal During Cancer Treatment. A cancer diagnosis doesn't just happen to you. It also happens to your family, friends and community. People who were directly or indirectly impacted by my illness sought to identify their roles in my treatment, to figure out what they could contribute to the experience.
Cardio Myths, Busted. By Jessica Smith for Shape.com These common misconceptions might be keeping your scale stuck, but there are easy ways to
Scosche Rhythm Review. On the last morning of this experiment, I ran nearly as fast as Usain Bolt. Or at least that's what my Rhythm says.
Jawbone Up Review. The Up System is a viable option for a person who wants to track his or her fitness and health goals. Yet, the system made me a little anxious.
Fitbit Review. If I was trying to make a significant lifestyle change -- like if I was sedentary and was trying to be more active, or if I was trying to lose weight, etc. -- then I think I would probably shell out my own money to buy one of these.
Body Media Fit Armband Review. I can't say that I would wear this again, but it was encouraging to learn that the body can burn 2000 calories in a day (workout included) just by sitting at a desk, breathing, and typing.
Nike FuelBand Review. Within a day of wearing the FuelBand, I was so accustomed to it that I often forgot it was there until, suddenly, I began to feel an urge to quantify my day.
Larklife Review. Wearing the wristband and being able to check my step count any time definitely motivated me -- I wanted to break 10,000 every day, so if I was lagging, I might get off the train a few stops early and walk the rest of the way home after work.
The Extraordinary Science Of Addictive Junk Food. Nestl\u00e9 was in attendance, as were Kraft and Nabisco, General Mills and Procter & Gamble, Coca-Cola and Mars. Rivals any other
What You Need to Know About Your Blood Sugar Results. You are the most important member of your medical team. Ask your physician for a copy of your lab work. Learn about the important lab values and track them each visit. Your doctor should welcome such active participation.
The Dog Food Dude Abides (VIDEO). When Rick Woodford's \best buddy\, an 8 year-old dog named Jackson, was diagnosed with terminal cancer and given 9 months
5 Ways to Change the World in Your Sleep. When I was a child, I hated to go to bed. The fear of missing out (FOMO) was so excruciatingly overwhelming that I would stay awake until my eyes hurt. I would love to say that I grew up and got over this, but truth be told, it just got worse.
Why Yoga Works (How to Find Your Sweet Spot). Your sweet spot, the best moments of your life, follow a simple pattern. They begin when you center yourself. Before you can stretch to your limits and choose what you want to do that's difficult and worthwhile, you have to be present.
GPS Guide. In her GPS Guide below, Luminita Daniela Saviuc shares 12 empowering messages that you deserve to affirm
What to Eat to Help You Sleep. 1. Cherries are one of the top foods rich in naturally occurring melatonin, a hormone that promotes sleep. One study found
Why Music, Part 6. Music can help stimulate our imagination, one of the key components of the creative process. Listening to a song we love or fully immersing ourselves in a piece of beautiful music can shift our mood, create images in our mind, impact our limbic brain and open us up to new ideas.
I Lost Weight. I was always that \big kid\ but now I'm in the best shape of my life, and I couldn't be happier! It's not about fitting into
Cancer, St. Paul and the Beatles. Close your eyes for a moment and just say that as many times as it takes to sink in. Love. Never. Fails. It immediately brought my mind to all of the people I know who are right now battling cancer.
Mental Health Care Needs an 'Anytime, Anywhere' Model. Many routine but important medical services today are far more convenient to obtain than they were a generation ago. So how could these types of conveniences transfer to mental health services?
Exercise Your Body and Mind. While cardio respiratory fitness has not yet been proven to have a direct effect on halting the symptoms of Alzheimer's disease, if a causal connection is found it would have a huge impact on our aging population, as well as the health of our economy.
Waffles, a Wedding and a Happy Ending (Wheat- and Gluten-Free, Vegan). If you want a luscious waffle that is both wheat- and gluten-free, and as close to a whole grain as you can get, then this waffle recipe is the very best!
Why I Failed to Achieve My Goals (And What I Did About It!). The methods I employ to achieve my goals are quite simple. I have them, I set them, but then I let them go and just do the next thing, showing up as fully as I can with who I am, wherever I am and in whatever I am doing.
The Top 10 Workout Songs for February 2013. If you're the sort of person who thinks a trip the gym should sound like a night at the club, this is the playlist for you.
No One Thing. No one thing is wrong with the prevailing American diet, and no one-nutrient-at-a-time remedy will right it any more than a single part represents the whole elephant in the room. We need to see that elephant -- and develop a better recipe.
The Crushing Truth on How to Lose Weight and Get Healthy. A beginning rock climber doesn't list Mount Everest as the first mountain they're going to start rock climbing. It has to come in steps. If you have to lose 20 pounds, make your first goal five pounds, then the next goal five pounds, and so on.
Ireland Lane, Oregon Cancer Patient, May Have Caught On Fire Because Of Hand Sanitizer. Because of hand sanitizer's high alcohol content, some state fire marshals even have guidelines in properly storing it. In
How Many Calories Are Actually In Your Salad. Bad news about your \healthy\ lunch.
Third Socastee High School Student Hospitalized For Reaction To Unknown Drug Believed To Be Synthetic Marijuana. Sergeant Robert Kegler of the Horry County Police told local media outlet The Sun News that two Socastee students were also
Do You 'Have It All' and Still Have Something Missing?. There seems to be a quest is toward a seemingly-impossible dream, and the journey is exhaustive. Even when all seems to be in order on the outside, there remains a longing and an unsatisfied yearning for an unidentified quality that will comfort, connect and center a person.
Star-Gazing Software Helps Fight Breast Cancer. Some diagnostics companies are already looking at other ways to automate the analysis of tumour samples but Ali said this
Food Fight. Politicians eager to raise more revenue for dwindling coffers caused in part by higher medical costs associated with obesity are now pigging out on the idea of implementing a \fat tax\ of high caloric, sugary and fatty foods to curb American's unhealthy appetites.
Mid-Week Motivation. If you're prone to that Wednesday slump, we've got just the pick-me-up for you. What's propelling us forward? A declaration
Quick and Easy Kale Chips from Scratch. I had some leftover cleaned kale from making my kale salad, so I used that first. Then there was a little bit of leftover
Once Upon a Time.... A plan or strategy without action is next to useless. In my considered opinion, action and a follow-up to the action are essential tools. How you plan to promote yourself is the vital ingredient.
What It Takes to Have Influence. If you want to become good at influencing others, then you simply need to learn how.  It's not magic, and it's certainly not innate.  It may sometimes feel innate, but that's because people are often able to pick up on effective strategies implicitly, through experience and observation.
What to Do When Conflict Happens. The key to managing conflict is to first and foremost recognize that we are different from other people. We each have different values, priorities, and perspectives. Everyone is not going to see the world the same way we do.
7 Acupuncture Side Effects That You Should Know About. There are other, less-pleasant side effects of acupuncture. None are life-threatening, and all typically are fleeting. Still, they are good to be aware of so that if you do experience them, you know they're normal and nothing to be too concerned about.
How to Make Things Less Complicated by Using Our Instincts and Intuition. Your inner voice that tells you that you can accomplish something is a positive and healthy one.  The more you listen to it and trust it, the more likely you will be successful at whatever you're attempting to do.
The Alphabet of Happiness. When the creative energy flows through you, you are there. Embrace your creativity however it presents itself. It will revitalize you, and remind you of who you are.
Telomere Length Could Predict Cold Virus Infection Risk. The study, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, included 152 people between ages 18 and 55 whose
3 Ways to Create Your Future World (Post Dec. 21, 2012). Something shifted to a new level for me. I knew I needed to act, live and breathe even more from this real, truthful, authentic and unconditional place in my life.
Giving Marathon Running a Thumbs Down. While running a marathon is certainly better than watching TV, or cultivating a video game addiction, for me it symbolizes the pinnacle of conformity.
The 30-Minute, No-Gym Bodyweight Workout (INFOGRAPHIC). Ready to strengthen, stretch and break a sweat? This high-intensity bodyweight workout is a simple, effective way to work
Eat Your Veggies. Everyone who talks, writes, or preaches about nutrition puts fruits and vegetables at the pinnacle of goodness. Most people have heard the message. But we're still not eating enough.
Is it Drugs Not Guns that Cause Violence?. Many legal cases, with closed books due to settlement, document cases of suicides and homicides in individuals who had not been violent prior to taking medication, and often they were newly prescribed or on an increased dose.
Foods for the Soul. Nurture your soul with healthy foods that inspire you and build you up. Avoid those that create ugly feelings inside. By doing this, you will be able to keep your inner garden oasis beautiful and flourishing.
The Many Health Benefits of Avocado. You probably know that avocados are an excellent source of healthful fats, but this whole food may also have other unique health benefits.
Healthy, Not So Wealthy and Wise. Through yoga and living in the moment your life will be enhanced  in ways that money cannot buy.
We Need More Than Dialogue About Mental Illness. I have spent half of my life as a mental health advocate, and it's really refreshing to see how many people understand the need to talk about these issues. However, these problems won't be changed with conversation. They will be changed with action.
Josh Taylor Q&A. As told to Sarah Klein. This interview has been condensed and edited for clarity and length. What should riders know about
De-Stressing Inspiration From Cats And Dogs (PHOTOS). For more on unplugging and recharging, click here. After a long, hard day on the job, there's nothing like a loving tail
Eat Berries, Drink and Be Merry. February is Heart Month. Since heart disease is the No. 1 killer of men and women, I thought I'd focus on prevention. After all, if you prevent heart disease, you're very unlikely to die from it.
Longer, Low-Intensity Exercises May Be Healthier Than Short, Intense Workouts. \Study
My Story. I have gone from less than 5 percent heart function almost 12 years ago to normal heart function today.  I am living well after being told I had 4.5-5 years to live.  Please listen to your body and find a doctor that will listen.  Going to the ER that day saved my life.
When You're Low on Victories, Leverage Your Triumphs. Victories are all well and good, but victories don't hold the same meaning as triumphs do. Triumphs stand out as the times when you met challenges head on and won. They are the mental \gold medals\ that represent what you did to overcome adversity.
Are You Living on Purpose?. Living our Purpose and living on purpose are not easy, and in many cases not even authentically encouraged by those around us.
On Honesty. Thinking unethical thoughts doesn't make you unethical. It makes you feel unethical -- no harm in that. Provided, that is, you get a solid grip on the principle that acting on unethical, or insecure, feelings won't ever make them go away. It makes them come back even stronger.
How My iPad Saved a Life. It is a marvel of synchronicity that a TV project caused us to reconnect at this crucial time in his life. And not only that, but I now had the medical skills and decades of experience to clearly recognize his potentially-fatal condition as it unfolded before my eyes, thanks to Skype.
Winter Skin Tips. We're more than halfway through winter, but if you're anything like us, your skin may be reaching peak dryness. Thanks to
EDC Health Risks. By Robert Evans \We live in a world in which man-made chemicals have become part of everyday life,\ said their 28-page report
Soft Drink Warning Labels Face Criticism After Coroner's Finding On Natasha Harris' Coca-Cola Habit. In a Feb. 13 statement, Katherine Rich, chief executive of the New Zealand Food & Grocery Council, an industry association
Coronavirus Death. Since then 12 cases have been identified, including a cluster of cases reported last week in a family in Britain. Coronaviruses
The American Dream Is Dead. I love full-timers, but being a generation younger than most of our on-the-road peers puts us into another category -- young, full-time RVers -- and that comes with its own set of rewards and challenges.
The Love Tank Is Never Empty. Let your actions be that ray of sunshine in someone's day. When you have a passion for life and you are feeling good, it is so easy to be generous with that emotion. Love, in all its forms, is meant to be shared.
Fear Is a Liar. Here's How to Make It Honest.. 2. Make a point to remember the good. Remember, as neuropsychologist Rick Hanson says, that \our brains are like Teflon
Millennials Come of Age as America's Most Stressed Generation. First came the \Baby Boomers,\ then came \Generation X.\ The branding of the subsequent generation was less definitive, ping-ponging between \Generation Y\ and \The Millennials.\ I'd like to add a third name
A Letter to My Nephew. In 14 quick years, you'll enter high school. It might not seem \quick\ to you, but trust me, 14 years is nothing.  Regardless, don't sweat it. It will be fine.  Even when it's not, even when the air feels so thick it is hard to breathe, know that you'll come out the other end and do great things.
Are You a Guru Junkie?. True teachers show us that it is possible to wake up and be free, but ultimately the truth is already within each of us and can never be given by another. Through meditation we connect to that inner guru, to the brilliance and radiance of who we truly are.
Golf. I don't like to think of the heart as a piece of plumbing, a pump, even though I come from a family of plumbers. The heart is the seat of the soul. Nor do I think of golf as mere physical exercise or as a meaningless game. With a certain frame of mind, you can see it as a spiritual practice.
Is the Dietitians' Trade Group in Bed With the Junk Food Industry?. Could there be any connection between the millions of dollars in sponsorship the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics receives from junk food manufacturers, and a seeming lack of initiative on behalf of the public welfare?
Lead Exposure On The Rise Despite Decline In Poisoning Cases. Lead is still present in drinking water in many communities, where it can leach from lead pipes in homes, apartment buildings
Coronavirus, SARS-Like Virus, Is Well-Adapted To Infect Humans, Study Finds. Thiel said that with the future of the virus uncertain, it was vital for laboratories and specialists around the world to
Clara Cowell, British Woman, Quits Smoking At Age 102. Better late than never? \u201cThe secret to mum\u2019s long life is a cigarette and a cup of tea with whiskey. That and hard work and
Can I Ask You a Personal Question?. This groundbreaking, earth-shaking development in health care of targeted molecular treatments and companion diagnostics will change the treatment you are offered in a way that hasn't occurred since blood typing for transfusion, anesthesia and antibiotics all made surgery really possible.
GPS Guide. Listen to a sample track from Goleman\u2019s Relax
Come With Me. I was on retreat, in deep silence and solitude, when I felt a moment of great aliveness and a sudden want to share that sense. It led to this poem, which I thought was a song for company. It was only upon reading it later that I realized that the voice of the poem was a call from my soul.
Is Soursop the Caribbean Secret for Perfect Sleep?. Lay writings about soursop as a sleep aid are easy to find.  In the West Indies, soursop leaves are commonly used as a sedative. In the Netherlands Antilles, the leaves are brewed to make a beverage that enhances sleep.  The leaves can also be put into one's pillowcase to enhance sleep.
'Warriors vs. Worriers'. A fascinating article recently published in the New York Times shines the spotlight on why, when the going gets tough, some of us are worriers and some become warriors.
I Lost Weight. Name
You Are a Thought Sculptor. Our lives are shaped by our minds. We really do become what we think. The good news is that it is never too late to begin carving out a new concept of ourselves if we don't care for the shape our life is taking -- you are a thought sculptor and your creation starts with your next thought.
Hope. You must have the personal connection to really anchor your feelings of hope. That anchoring will allow you to trust the hope and create momentum and mental positivity which can only lead to a better future.
Menu Labels And Calories. Based on customer surveys, Ellison and her colleagues from the University of Oklahoma found that the least health-conscious
Bionic Eyes and Science's Big Step Forward. This past week, the FDA approved the Argus Retinal Prosthesis System (\Argus II\), a medical device that is truly a major step forward.
15-Minute Metabolic Strength Training Circuit. The total training time, including the rest periods, will take a hair over 15 minutes.
President's Day Health Quotes. There's no denying that a day off in honor of President's Day is good for your health. You can catch up on sleep, do some
Is Your Job Giving You Sleep Problems?. Unfortunately, treatment is somewhat limited for SWSD and some never fully adjust to shift work. Successful intervention
Music Lessons Early In Life Could Boost Brain Development, Study Suggests. \u201cLearning to play an instrument requires coordination between hands and with visual or auditory stimuli,\ study researcher
Presidents' Day. While for many of us, Presidents' Day is an opportunity to relish what is the glorious three-day weekend (and we hope you
Your Name, Your Word. Being led by my one word makes me feel hopeful and free and allows me to drop the weight of life. My one word is a compass that allows my spirit to manifest into anything I want it to.
Top 5 Resistances to Change (And Their Remedies). I often see patients in my psychotherapy practice who are unable to make changes in their life and do not understand why they keep sabotaging their efforts. Usually this is due to a hidden resistance or unwholesome belief associated with the desired change.
Does Meditation Equal an Empty Mind?. Have you ever been told you need to \clear your head\ or  \get rid of all the clutter\? For many, including myself, the idea of sitting quietly with an empty mind seems impossible.  If fact, this idea is often a barrier to any attempts to meditate or try mindfulness exercises.
Will Keeping a Food Record Help You Lose Weight?. Excuses for forgetting to keep an accurate, up-to-date food record are even more numerous than excuses for not exercising. Who can be bothered to record every calorie they eat? But there are times when keeping track of what is being eaten is useful.
First-Born Kids May Have Higher Diabetes Risk, Study Finds. As more studies on birth order emerge, being the oldest sibling is turning out to be less a source of trivial pride and more
GPS Guide. GPS Guides are our way of showing you what has relieved others' stress in the hopes that you will be able to identify solutions
Stress-Free Havens. On a nature-filled, overnight retreat. \An overnight at #harrisonresort at Harrison Hot Springs, BC, Canada.\ Out with good
Trouble Sleeping? Ask Yourself Why. By Laura McMullen for U.S. News Seven to eight hours of sleep each night means a happier, smarter, healthier and probably
GPS Guide. For more GPS Guides, click here. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and
How to Get True Grit. It isn't some magical quality. We can all get grit. So, if the only grit you have in your life is in the grout between the tub tiles, then it's time to take on some grit-building behaviors.
Women and Pull-Ups. The New York Times must be sleeping under a rock if they think that women can't do pull-ups. Don't believe the hype. Ladies, you can do pull-ups and I'll tell you how.
Happiness Tips. What You Can Do
Probiotics Improve Bone Density In Animal Study. The study, published in the Journal of Cellular Physiology, involved feeding mice an inflammation-reducing probiotic called
Live From the Inside Out. \Live from the inside out.\ That's my motto for 2013. I have put the kibosh on following social convention and fulfilling other's expectations. Living in a box of someone else's making leaves little room for sharing your gifts with the world.
Jane Fonda, Fitness Guru, Reveals What Inspires Her In Origin Magazine Interview (PHOTOS). Interviewer
Mindfulness Meditation. Previous research has shown that mindfulness meditation could have a positive effect on the brain by decreasing the density
Breast Cancer Prevention Research Is Vastly Underfunded, Report Finds. \u201cBreast cancer prevention is underfunded at the federal level, in both research and public health programs, and future investments
Year of the Serpent Forecast. Every year offers a unique set of challenges and opportunities. By following the guidance of the five elements in 2013 we can learn to ride the water wave and avoid being scorched by the fire. Have a happy and healthy year of the serpent.
5 Easy Ways to Eat Healthy on a Tight Budget. Here are my top five tips for eating healthy when you are on a tight budget. Follow them, and you'll find eating well is much easier, cheaper, and more delicious than you ever imagined. Yes, it may mean changing your habits and priorities a bit, but I assure you the results will be worth it.
The Problem With Yoga. While the problem with yoga is that it is devoid of myth, its redemption lies in the fact that it will accept fully any myth we bring to it. When we find the mythologies that most resonate with us, we can use them as the container to hold our unfolding practice.
The Beauty Benefits of Rose. Rose is a popular ingredient in skin care -- and with good reason! Extracts of this delicate flower may be used on all skin types but are often included in products for dry, sensitive, and mature skin. Now is a great time to highlight the many ways rose is used in beauty.
Why Your Fears Shape So Much of Your Life. You can alter the power of fear through life experiences. Fears can lessen or take different form over time, from subsequent life events, experiences, and -- especially -- self-examination.
Sleep Apnea Heart Risks. Recently, a study conducted by Romanian researchers showed that the heart damage from obstructive sleep apnea may be as bad
How Mobile Phones Affect Sleep (INFOGRAPHIC). \The study indicates that during laboratory exposure to 884 MHz wireless signals components of sleep believed to be important
The Fountain of Youth. If you find that your spine isn't feeling as bendy as it used to, then practicing these three simple stretches on a daily basis may help you prevent additional range of motion loss and in some cases, even restore lost mobility.
The PRH (Personal Responsibility for Health) Chronicles, Part 4. We have a natural environment. And a world of fast-food drive-through restaurants, fax machines, escalators and email is not it. The nutritional environment we live in is toxic to us. The effects of that toxicity are rampant chronic disease and epidemic obesity.
InnerCity Weightlifting. Thomas R. Collingwood has been researching the idea for decades. The \semi-retired\ founder of the First Choice physical
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (Feb. 15-21). Even momentarily concentrating on healthy solutions rewires psychological patterns to receive and share healthy sexual love in the present.  Here are three meditations with the themes of brain power, demonstration, and emotional intimacy for you to ponder and practice this week.
Running Form. In as many weeks, this five-part blog post series on \Running Form
Let's Talk (and Text and Tweet) About Sex. When it comes to your sex life, which one of these two philosophies do you live your life by
Your Smart Phone Might Just Save Your Life. On average, 5,500 Chicagoans die of heart disease each year... I am thrilled that Chicago is at the forefront of using technology to bring health empowerment to its residents.
Better Nurse-to-Patient Ratios a Must for Psychiatric Hospitals. Maybe a standard nurse-to-patient ratio is the way to go. It would certainly be better than what we have now. Patients on our inpatient psychiatric units deserve better than what we, given staffing cuts, are able to give.
Confession of an Optimist. I believe in luck and love and good fortune. I am a professional optimist. I try to hide it, but most of the time, I'm my father's son and his glass was neither half-empty nor half-full -- it was overflowing.
Surgery. I have always loved my doctors, and I regard general anesthesia as a chance for the kind of deep sleep that I don't often get. At the time of my last surgery (nothing big), I thought of several tips that can help anyone who is admitted to the hospital for a medical procedure.
Teach Your Parents Well. It's easy to accept this about our parents when it comes to technology, but we have a much harder time accepting it when it comes to emotional issues. On some level, we still think of our parents like gods.
Silent Retreat. Beginning our retreat, there may be anxiousness or restlessness separating from our habits, the routine we think we are dependent upon.  Soon, there is a lightness of being, freedom, and joy in our surrender. Simple peace is present.
My MyPlate Experiment Made Me A Little Neurotic, But Not That Healthy. Essentially, the experience made me neurotic and anxious about food (one of my great pleasures!) without making me especially healthy.
The Universe Is... a Plumber?. Signs are everywhere. We just have to be open to seeing them. I used to be oblivious to messages until I decided to look for meaning in life. It was at this point that I became aware of the invisible support that surrounds me.
GPS Guide. For more GPS Guides, click here. Maria Fernanda Gandara believes in the power of passion
Let it be. The majority of us are brought up to fight until the blood drips from our fingernails, and we almost can't seem to stand
Beer Belly Myth. \[B]eer definitely has calories and if consumed in excess will put pounds on drinkers,\ Nestle explained in an email. \Excessive
Resurrect Your New Year's Resolution. Given up on all hope of maintaining the resolution you were so fervent about back in January? Believe it or not, you can still make good on your New Year's Resolution. Happiness expert and sociologist Dr. Christine Carter shares how.
The Worst Foods For Your Skin. \Every dermatologist will attest that a well-rounded diet will better support a healthy immune system,\ says Dr. Bobby Buka
Ghost of Anonymous. I went on a spiritual journey and realized devoting my present to a moment in the past is unhealthy.  There are too many problems continuing in the world at large, much less the world around me.  I'm too powerful to stand still waiting on the world to change.
Alcohol And Cancer. While the majority \u2013 an estimated 54 percentage \u2013 of these deaths occurred in people who drank more than three alcoholic
Can Spicy Food Really Give You Nightmares?. After a restless night of sleep, filled with nightmares where velociraptors and chainsaw-wielding maniacs chase you down
Coronavirus. The virus belongs to the same family as SARS, or Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome - a coronavirus that emerged in China
Physician Heal Thyself. New York Times science journalist William Broad has scandalized the yoga world for much of the past year with his claim that
Instruction on Love. These are the instructions for love that I have been given. Love yourself. Love something bigger than yourself. Love something smaller than yourself. Love something the same size as yourself. Love as a verb, not a noun.
Evolution and Culture. As human awareness expands and evolves over time, we uncover more fundamental aspects of what it means to be a human being and what it means to be alive, and our values, morality, and sense of meaning, in turn, expand and evolve to include more.
Yoga and Psyche. The series can be found and listened to for free on my website. These are just a few of the many conversations that are unfolding
Safer Driving at the Flick of a Switch. The weather has been pretty crummy recently in my part of the country, with lots of snow, rain or simply overcast skies. I've been shocked at how many people drive in these weather conditions without their headlights turned on.
Health Benefits Of Being Single. Solid friendships, a happy work environment, a life of purpose and (of course) a healthy diet and active lifestyle are all
After a Cancer Diagnosis, It's Okay to Feel Your Anger. Feeling angry can be beneficial to a person with cancer. It provides a means to vent and let off steam. After all, if anyone deserves to feel angry, it's someone with cancer. I believe it's even essential to feel anger in order to \process cancer\ -- just not all the time.
Should Your Zip Code Determine How Long You Live?. Here in the United States, a zip code can tell us a lot about how well and how long you'll live. So can census tracts. Most people are stunned to hear the differences.
We Are Not Mice!. While there have been a few very important insights into breast cancer that have come from the mouse model, there are many more studies that have not translated into humans. If we want to understand the cause and treatment of breast cancer in women we have to study women.
Winners Never Quit, and Quitters Never Win. The key is finding the joy in between the peaks -- paying attention to the moments, to the joy in the creating of your dreams, and to the pride you feel in yourself.  Even if no one else ever acknowledges what you're doing, this is the true objective.
Walking Away From Fear. There obviously are legitimate reasons to experience fear in this world, but being overly fearful lead me to do destructive and harmful things in my life out of a false sense of self-protection.
Where Do We Find Peace and Freedom? An Interview With Tara Brach, Ph.D.. Tara Brach embodies and emphasizes that beneath the turbulence of our minds and hearts is a loving awareness that as we learn to tap into over and again can reveal a source of resiliency, peace and genuine happiness.
The Truth About Lying. The fact is that not all lies are bad, and there really is a time to lie. I'd even go so far as to say that a little lying can be healthy. As Lord Byron once said, \What is a lie? 'Tis but the truth in masquerade.\
Honoring Love. This Valentine's Day, offer your family or loved ones your undivided attention. Be present. Stress, fear, hurt, anger and
Lost Loves. Love is never really lost, but we must be willing to have some faith, believe in ourselves and know that we are worthy of being found.
My Body Is a Wonderland. Every day is a challenge, even in a battle between my body and me. Don't get me wrong, I do have a choice in what I put in my body, but how my body functions or even appears is outside of my control because of ALS.
Rekindling the Joy of Valentine's Day. Place yourself in whatever atmosphere allows you to feel centered.  Bring your awareness to the faces of the people to whom you have hardened your heart.  Imagine sending each person kindness, love and compassion.
Sleepless Couples Index. Aside from asking a snoring bed partner to turn on her side or a TV-watcher to click off the tube, Shives suggests couples
Small Diabetes Organization AYUDA Teaches Self-Care and Social Change. AYUDA is different than other humanitarian diabetes organizations, and I am fascinated by its proposition. First, it brings diabetes education and human resource support, not medical supplies, to local diabetes communities in need.
Valentine's Day Quotes. To the coupled-off, the star-crossed lovers and the joyfully independent
Your Sweet Heart. Nothing is more important than cherishing and understanding the amazing organ that is your heart. Honor it, pamper it, and lovingly protect it. Make this Valentine's Day a special one for your sweet heart. The one inside your chest.
Relationship Anxiety Is Hard On The Immune System, Study Says. They found that the levels of cortisol -- a hormone associated with stress -- were on average 11 percent higher in people
Going the Distance. I had fantasies of finishing my first half-marathon in less than two hours and being greeted by Paul down on one knee, but I wasn't disappointed at my 2:06 time and the proud grin on my boyfriend's (still-not-fiance's) face as I finished, because I was having a heck of a lot of fun.
Tending Love's Fire. Though its initial spark might be as simple as lighting a match, maintaining a relationship is a complex endeavor requiring effort and attention. Using a bow, string and spindle stick to make fire is not easy, and neither is keeping a relationship alive.
Relationship Health Benefits. Here, 10 healthy reasons to celebrate love, marriage, relationships and everything in between
7 Food Swaps Science Says You Should Make Right Now. There's a lot of confusing information about food out there. Here are seven easy changes you can make today to help settle some of these health questions in your life, and start on the path to a longer, healthier life.
Psychologist Tara Brach on True Refuge From Body Dissatisfaction. \The intention is to feel compassion toward yourself so there's less identification with the self that is disgusted with looking bad and more of an inhabiting of the awareness that is observing with kindness.\
I Lost Weight. We bought a new bed recently, and it looked so small compared to our old bed, but we fit just fine! Sleeping is so much more
Artificial Retina Approved By FDA For Retinitis Pigmentosa. Mech said while there are many academic centers working on retinal implants, getting the system to market took 14 years, $200
Football. Thirty-two years later I had a boyfriend who'd been MVP for three years. He was one of the ones who made my earlier boyfriend
Looking for Love in All the Wrong Places. We are culturally and emotionally conditioned to search for love. But where? Many of us believe that love is something that we find in another person. But do we love ourselves, or are we berating and negating ourselves in various ways?
Move Your Body to Calm Your Anxious Mind. Even if you've never worked out before, you would be amazed at how quickly your body can adapt and grow stronger when you get moving. If there's one thing I've learned through this process, it's that you should never underestimate your own strength.
Know Your Heart and Your Pacemaker Now and Forever. Since the implantation of the first pacemaker, these devices have saved thousands of lives. They cannot, or course, fend off death forever. Patients should have the option of deactivating their devices to avoid painful shocks at death -- a time so many hope will be peaceful.
Yoga to Clear Away Old Stale Energy. As my sweet Irish nana used to say, \I may have cold hands, but I've got a warm heart.\ Mountain Pose (Tadasana) \u2022 Stand
Your Fat Belly Is Not Toxic. It seems that over the past few years more and more detox and fasting systems have appeared on the market. Another thing I've noticed is that more and more people are looking at detoxing and/or fasting as a good weight-loss solution.
Why I Go Red for Women. Five years later, and after overcoming the mental hurdles that often come with being a heart disease survivor, I am more accepting of what happened to me. Instead of focusing on what I might do wrong, I now focus on what is right about my life after heart disease.
How to Give Your Sweetie a Valentine's Acupressure Massage. A massage, especially one given as a Valentine's Day gift, can be very personal. You know your Valentine best, so the massage should primarily be based on your intuition and your partner's comfort level and preferences.
Welcoming Love. The love I'm talking about here is pure and contingency-free. I like to imagine this love as an ever-flowing fountain, bursting with warmth, kindness, and compassion from each one of our hearts.
Synovitis. According to the Hemophilia, von Willebrand Disease & Platelet Disorders Handbook, the membrane swells because of repeated
Too Much Calcium May Double Death Risk In Women. How Much Calcium Do You Really Need? Past observational studies have linked calcium supplement use to lower overall and cardiovascular
HuffPost Workouts. We made you a playlist -- and, yes, it includes Beyonce and Jay-Z.
Mid-Week Motivation. Good old Hump Day is here again. We're halfway through the work week, and feeling motivated to continue toward our goals
A Loving Little Reminder for Valentine's Weekend. Real love is deep and eternal. Real love is the power in every breath and the stimulant for all your senses.  Real love is the force that moves you to do even the silly things, like buying gifts, dressing up and making special plans.
Manifesting 101. Whenever I lecture on the how-to's of manifesting, there seems to be a lot of confusion about how to actually do it. I believe that manifesting is simply exercising your ability to harness the power of your intention.
Oxytocin May Help Build Long-Lasting Love. How would that work? Feldman thinks that these types of behaviors are intimately linked with oxytocin in a positive feedback
Boyfriend Riley Nicolay Shaves Head With Deidre Sechi, Girlfriend Who Has Cancer (PHOTOS). Nicolay's Reddit post has been flooded with messages from well-wishers and bits of advice from others who have been in similar
Helicopter Parents Can Make Their College Aged Children Depressed. LEARN FROM MISTAKES \There is a very fine line between the helicopter parent and the committed and caring parent while at
Jilt Your Lover!. In this new consciousness of loving with abandonment, you no longer hope for that Valentine card that never arrives. Instead, Valentine's Day is every day -- it is the energy that draws you to the lover who loves unconditionally as you do.
Sugar Limits In Drinks? Health And Consumer Advocates Push For Regulations. CSPI Executive Director Michael Jacobson, hopes Wednesday's action will force soda makers to change their ways. In 2006, after
Vegetarian Borscht. Vegetarian Borscht I first had borscht when my sister made it when I was younger. She made it from some hippie paperback
Are You Hard-Wired To Boil Over From Stress?. Nobody wants to be that hothead who flies off the handle in the face of some everyday annoyance, causing others to roll their
Are You Valentine's Day Challenged?. For those who are in relationships, Valentine's Day acts like a magnifying glass, illuminating and enlarging flaws that signal they don't measure up to the version of perfect love we've been sold -- from fairytales to films, and greeting cards to giant billboards.
Do You Compare Your Relationship Status?. For many folks, Valentine's Day brings up a ton of funky feelings -- whether you're in a relationship or not. In today's vlog, I address this issue and share heart-opening tips for raising your magnetic field, so you can attract more love into your life whether you're single or attached.
Love in the Time of Cancer and Computers. Creating an online dating profile is awkward. Creating one when you have cancer? That is just another level of strange. And I almost did not go at the last second, when my nerves, and probably my grasp on reality, took hold of me.
Want to Tap Into Your Heart Power?. Insights from our heart can help us uncover what has stopped us from moving forward in our lives, transform the way we think and feel about people, and stir up yearnings we might have buried for years -- desires that lead us to living our dreams.
Achieving Balance in Exercise. Although I am still new to practices like yoga and Pilates, I am happy to have found additional ways to improve my fitness and challenge my body.
The Healing Power of Sex. Here are some suggestions to expand your ideas about sex and open yourself to the infinite power of healing that it offers. Indulge yourself whether you are alone or with the partner of your choosing.
6 Ways to Give Back to Yourself on Valentine's Day. Love is in the air. Whether your Valentine's Day is sealed with an extra special kiss from your sweetie or a night on the town with your single girlfriends, you want to feel great in your own skin. Here are my favorite ways to give back to yourself (yes, chocolate is included).
Biggest Loser Recap, Season 14, Episode 7. This week saw the dissolution of the teams as contestants continued their time on the Biggest Loser ranch as individual competitors.
Love Horoscopes. No Valentine this year? Well, don't expect to have one of those lonely, pathetic Valentine's Days where you stare at happy
Pacemaker. The Pope underwent surgery a few months ago to install a pacemaker in his body, according to news reports. The Vatican said
What Happens When A Night Owl Works The Early Shift?. All my life, I've been the definition of a night owl. I might as well be a vampire. I don't start to really feel awake until
Dos and Don'ts When Teaching Mindfulness. Mindfulness is a training process that moves inside your consciousness and only by your choice.  Mindfulness develops over time; be humble about the process and enjoy the ride.
Heart-Healthy Grain, Greens, Beans and Sweet Potato Casserole With Benefits. What we eat really does matter. Studies show that real, whole, plant-based foods are best for fueling our bodies, preventing the likes of heart disease, diabetes -- and, yes, even cancer.
Why Meditation Doesn't Belong to Anyone. We're all ordinary, and meditation is no big deal. It is more of an undoing than a doing. It enables us to witness how our mind jumps from one drama to another, it dissolves mental clutter, frees us of habitual patterns, helps release stress, and feels wonderfully peaceful.
CrossFit. I'm not going to call CrossFit a fad -- instead, I'll call it a bubble. I'm predicting its burst. I couldn't give you a timeframe, but I know traditional, proven methods of strength training, power training, and endurance training will last forever.
Healthy Living for a Healthy Heart. By all means, pay attention when the CDC says your heart is the key to your health today and tomorrow. But don't forget that heart health is the foundation of your emotional wellness, because what you feel in the body, mind and heart all flows together.
Become Your Own Valentine!. Make this Valentine's Day the beginning of becoming your own valentine -- your own beloved. If you devote yourself to valuing yourself rather than to judging yourself, over time you will find yourself feeling happier and more productive.
BPA's New Status. Regardless, there are steps you can take to lower your exposure to BPA. You can avoid hard polycarbonate plastic water
The Lowdown On Lactose Intolerance. See below as we, in partnership with the National Dairy Council (NDC), dispel some of the myths behind what some at first
HuffPost Workouts. Love songs are no fun to work out to. Take a page from the anti-Valentine's Day handbook and get sweaty to these unapologetic, pissed off, in-your-face breakup songs.
GPS Guide. Annie Kagan is not a medium or a psychic; she did not die and come back to life. In fact, when she was awakened by her deceased
Doctors Must Help Prevent Gun Violence, Experts Say. As leaders within the medical community. By Jaimie Dalessio President Obama's plan clarifies there is no law preventing physicians
Best Ways To Beat Dry Skin. Put a stop to dull, flaky skin with these simple rules for keeping your skin hydrated. Read more on Everyday Health
Finding Permanence in a Pixelated World. It is crucial that we stay grounded in some kind of permanence, not a personal permanence, but the permanence of the human journey.  Ultimately, in order to stay anchored, we need more than just hashtags.
Dairy, Your Diet and Lactose Intolerance. It's the time of year again when people look for a quick fix and often turn to a fad diet that typically eliminates an entire food group in exchange for the promise of changing a person's appearance in a short period of time. In recent years, some of these fad diets have shared a common target
Amplify the Romance in Your Relationship. One reason Valentine's Day tends to be so romantic is that we think outside the box and break our usual habits. Anything from going out to dinner to planning a short trip can enliven us. When we are open to new experiences, we resist the lure of doing what's familiar, therefore losing our spontaneity.
Buddha's Simple Truth. Buddha's own simple truth was that nirvana is right here and now. It is within each of you. And it is up to you to uncover it and live it in the present moment, not through the layers and rituals that different men and women have added, but through what should be very simple teachings.
My MyPlate Experiment Hits The Weekend. I wish I could stay I'd stayed equally stalwart in my dedication to the plan all week, but that wouldn't be quite true. I sort of lost enthusiasm and dedication, unsurprisingly, just as the weekend hit.
Going on a Techno-Fast. Nature time can bring us back to our senses. But unplugging the power strip doesn't always come naturally, even for those of us who, by nature, love nature. It requires a conscious act and a change of scenery.
The PRH (Personal Responsibility for Health) Chronicles, Part 3. Only by knowing Mik-tal's endowment to us can we hope to meet the challenges of the modern world. Our efforts to find our way home begin by knowing where home is, and where we are now. Our efforts to achieve dietary health begin by knowing ourselves.
6 Ways to Enjoy Your Life More. Some of our biggest inside battles involve changing habits to create a more meaningful, congenial life with others. Try six research-based tips for turning the page to the next chapter of the adventure story we are truly meant to live.
Earning Your Scars. At that moment, I felt like a freak. As I stared in the mirror, I felt my eyes begin to water. I felt disfigured and ashamed. But I cut the pity party short. I had survived a life-threatening experience, and these were the scars I had to show for it. I needed to move on.
Chronic Stress Raises Diabetes Risk. The study, conducted by researchers at the Sahlgrenska Academy at the University of Gothenburg, showed an association between
Test Your Winter Stomach Bug IQ. Norovirus is a common but unpleasant illness. If you do get it, make sure to drink plenty of fluids and get good rest. As with anything else, prevention is the best medicine.
DSM-5. The DSM-5 (the fifth edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders) will be released by the APA in spring 2013.
Love Bites. If you both can allow yourselves to be fully present and follow these steps, expecting \no guarantees\ -- much, much easier said than done -- you'll feel closer to each other than any oysters, petit fours, or champagne would ever allow.
What Are You Doing for This Universe?. When we are doing something mindfully, our senses are more heightened, causing our experiences to become that much more satisfying.
My Celebrity Crush. Let me say that their dancing in Silver Linings Playbook is hilarious, embarrassing, and heartwarming. But even more important to me (and any other woman who would rather gain weight than run)
People Say I'm Crazy. We all bring our crazy to a relationship. Silver Linings does a beautiful job of writing a relationship where both participants
February Is American Heart Month. February is American Heart Month, and a time to raise awareness about heart disease and to educate the public on ways we can live heart-healthier lives. Here are several foods to include in your diet this month in honor of American Heart Month.
15 Minute Workout. Repeat x 4 REST 1 minute To help you get the most out of your 15 minutes, we asked some of our top fitness experts to create
Overcoming Your Fear of the Dreaded Monday. Before you go to sleep, identify three positive aspects about your job or day ahead. Drift off to sleep looking forward to what you like about your job rather than dreading what you don't like.
Don't Fall for These 3 Time-Management Booby Traps. Your relationship to time is one of your most important relationships. Consider that time is the currency of your life. All the choices you make about how to spend your time add up to the kind of life you have.
Feeling Overwhelmed Can Feel Overwhelming. If I find myself unable to move from the enormity of the forest, it's time to focus on just one tree. If that one tree seems like too much, it's time to focus on one branch or one leaf of that one tree. Narrowing the focus to the minutiae of the situation can make the forest seem more manageable.
Exercise With A Cold. He said common cold and flu viruses can stay on objects, such as door handles, treadmills and computer keyboards, for hours
Recognizing the Importance of the Space Between. If time and space are necessary to our being, and the implications of not having them could be detrimental, it is important to provide insight on how to embrace the emptiness without immediately attempting to fill it, and to cast a vision for what it might eventually produce.
8 De-Stressing Dates For Valentine's Day. It's no surprise
Be Your Own Valentine. Instead of expecting someone to make us feel special, let us do something to make ourselves feel special and loved on this Valentine's Day.  We deserve love just because we are!  And our ability to receive love makes us more able to pass that love on to others.
Relax! You'll Be More Productive. THINK for a moment about your typical workday. Do you wake up tired? Check your e-mail before you get out of bed? Skip breakfast
The Worst Foods For Your Heart. Even if your daily diet contains healthy fare like salmon and oatmeal, your heart could still be at risk.
Do Something Special on Valentine's Day. There are plenty of creative gifts you can give that won't deplete your wallet.  They may take a bit of your time, but that's good -- when you invest time in a Valentine's Day gift, you make the occasion extra special and memorable. Nothing says, \I love you\ like a creative gift of love.
Tim McGraw. Country singer Tim McGraw has finally opened up about how he stopped drinking alcohol in 2008. With five years of sobriety under his belt, good for him! It is great that he can talk about this now and be a role model and inspiration for others.
Why Hating Rich People Is Making You Broke. Randy Gage says that you may even be working hard to achieve success, but if your subconscious is programmed with limiting beliefs -- like it's noble to be poor -- you'll sabotage yourself. If you believe rich people are evil, how likely is it that you will become one?
A Valentine to Love. Let's love the highest, starting with ourselves.  This is where we start.  This is where the seed is planted, where love can grow, and thrive, and blossom within each one of us into a delightful bounty that can be shared.
It's February. I've felt so good about the marginal, barely-measurable progress I've made in one month that I already have a 2014 \wish list\ started.
Gut Bacteria and Childhood Eczema. Gut balance during infancy is dependent on factors such as mode of delivery, diet, and administration of probiotics or antibiotics. This early gut microbial development primes immune function that can have life-long effects on health.
How To Counter The Effects Of Sleep Deprivation. Effects Of Insomnia \We are all familiar with the short-term effects of sleep deprivation \u2014 it makes you feel crummy, grumpy
3 Lessons the World's No. 1 Golfer Can Teach Us About Managing Stress. What did he do to overcome the choke at the Masters? With the mental challenges of travel, the media, sponsors and fans, not to mention playing an incredibly stressful sport, how has he continued to be so successful? Can we learn to manage stress like Rory McIlroy?
What Causes Canker Sores?. Ulcer is a catch-all term for any hole in a bodily membrane. In the case of canker sores, the top layer of epithelial cells
Lojong Practice Outside of Meditation. We must overcome craving if we are to develop any of the six perfections, most especially generosity and patience.
5 Yoga Poses That Can Help Combat Depression. Yoga's unique mind-body approach is being used more and more to reduce stress in cases of PTSD, treat depression, and to enhance overall well-being. The following three studies provide some insight into the benefits of yoga for depression and anxiety.
How to Stop Fighting With Your Partner or Others. In my work with couples, they may tell me that they had a big fight, and when I ask what they were fighting about, they often can't remember. The reason for this is that it's rarely the issue itself, but how they are dealing with the issue that creates the most problems.
EGCG, In Green Tea And Red Wine, Could Play Role In Fighting Alzheimer's. Even though the study was conducted in a lab setting and has yet to be proven in humans, \this is an important step in increasing
Chinese New Year Horoscopes. Snake years reward those who do plenty of research before making a move. Whether you're hiring a contractor or dating someone
7 Reasons To Skip A Workout. \7 Reasons To Skip A Workout\ originally appeared on Everyday Health By Beth W. Orenstein Medically reviewed by Lindsey Marcellin
The Top 10 Grammy-Nominated Workout Songs. In each case below, the track is listed by the award for which it's been nominated this year. By Chris Lawhorn for Shape.com
Finding Your Soulmate Love. We can't find eternal love in another person or place. Instead, we must look inward as it exists in a space within our own hearts. It is the very private space where our hopes and dreams reside.
Five Tips to Maintain Lifelong Friends. Holding yourself to these five standards will help you develop within yourself and will expand your potential to grow meaningful friendships throughout your life.
Finding Flow. Going with the flow is easy, especially when that current feels great. The challenge is learning how to drop into a positive flow when half-swept away in a riptide of epic misfortune. No, life, I'm not waving. I'm drowning.
HuffPost Nap Rooms Featured On The Today Show (VIDEO). NBC's 'The Today Show' tackled this issue Saturday morning, and spoke to Arianna about the importance of sleep. \Sleep is
5 Tips for Staying Well During Hibernation Season. While hibernation is an essential part of some animals' survival strategy, you can stave off the feelings of the winter blues and keep your spirits high by taking care of your body with a few simple wellness tips.
The Dangerous Myth of 'Fat but Fit'. Yes, in rare circumstances we can point to a few obese individuals who do not appear to be at increased risk for heart disease; few things are absolute with biology. But that should offer no consolation to Gov. Christie or anyone else carrying excess weight.
3 Steps to Selecting the Right Fitness Plan. With the demands of daily life already vying for space in our busy schedules, having the right fitness plan is worth our due diligence.
The PRH (Personal Responsibility for Health) Chronicles, Part 2. This particular morning in mid-April was quite chilly, although clear. In fact, the early suffusion of sunlight was promising a day of great beauty. Not that Michelle was listening to such promises. Far too busy. And besides, the climate inside was always perfect.
The Perfect Workout Partner. It might not always be easy. Maybe your fitness routines diverge -- one of you loves yoga and one of you can't stomach a
How to Intuitively Make Smart Decisions. Intuition offers a direct line to your life force, and also, as I experience it, to a divine intelligence. We can't afford to remain deaf to intuition's messages. Its expertise is energy; its job is to know every nuance of what makes you tick.
Bad Love Advice. By Carey Moss for YouBeauty.com Love rom-coms, love songs and breakup songs? There are a few lessons they teach us we might
Spooked Sleeping? Identifying Nightmares And Their Causes. By Laura McMullen for U.S. News For some, relief may come not from a sleep clinic, but from a psychologist's office. \The
Forgiveness Is Choosing to Love. Do you find it easy to forgive people who have hurt or abused you in some way? I didn't until I started to understand that I was hurting myself more by maintaining a tight knot of resentment and anger toward the people who had wronged me.
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Cultivating Screen Sense and Stress Reduction in a Digital Age. Technology is wonderful -- I'm a big advocate of its strengths. At the same time, we're just in the courting stages with it, feeling it out and learning what the best way to relate to it is. In doing this, we can develop greater \screen sense.\
Car Survival Tips for a Blizzard. Every winter, thousands of people are stranded while driving in the snow. When driving in winter weather, it is best to heed the old Yankee saying
C-Reactive Proteins Linked With Age-Related Macular Degeneration Risk. Doctors already analyze levels of C-reactive proteins as an indication of a person's risk of heart attack and heart disease
The Electric Monks. There is an ongoing debate regarding the value of meditative practices in the scientific community. But while folks like Holiness the Dalai Lama are meditating, scientists are studying brain activity.
Somatic Symptoms Criteria in DSM-5 Improve Diagnosis, Care. The DSM-5 makes a significant change to the diagnostic criteria from previous editions by shifting the emphasis from medically-unexplained symptoms to the impact of those symptoms on a person's thoughts, feelings and actions.
Is Yoga Our GPS to the Soul?. Yoga just might be our GPS for the soul. Yoga, the science of physical, mental and spiritual self-transformation is an ancient discipline that seeks union between the individual consciousness and the universal consciousness.
Stop the Merry-Go-Round. Just one focused, positive thought, in fact, can serve as our escape vehicle out of a rut. By simply concentrating on a painting we love, for example, we immediately can shift our mindset from misery to one of gratitude.
Alzheimer's Treatments Could Soon Be Tested In Patients At Earlier Stage. Drug companies have been working for years to develop so-called disease-modifying drugs, but so far, with little success
1-Minute Mini-Escape. I love watching the wind flowing through the trees and listening to the waves. It instantly relaxes me. Join me for this one-minute Power Living Mini-Escape. To capture its power, say it out loud.
Is It Possible to Have Empathy Without Being Patronizing?. I do this all the time, explain away a person's appearance and actions. I try really hard to give people the benefit of the doubt when they snap at their kids in public, cut me off in traffic, refuse to give up their seat to an old person on the train.
A Valentine. Sure, he talked about his body of work, his philosophy of \telling the truth\ when he writes, contemporary writers he admires
Where Do Our Top Achievements Come From?. If you truly pursue the things you are most passionate about, you will find that doing so helps you attain success. Put your passions at the top of your to-do list every morning and many achievements will likely fall into place.
Obesity Associated With Gum Disease Risk, Study Finds. Research published in the journal General Dentistry shows an association between obesity and gum disease (also known as periodontitis
Drive Your Own Life. When you don't put the work in yourself, when you let everyone else make decisions for you, when you don't take time to just figure out what you want, who you are and what you need, you will feel like you have no control.
Be in Love With the Way You Eat. The jig is up. There is no one specific eating plan or program that will work for everyone. There's no diet or exercise program that will save us all. We all look, feel and live differently, so what makes us think that we can get healthy using the same template?
My MyPlate Experiment, Day Four. A quarter of Americans eat dinner out at least three nights a week, so for the USDA to systematically ignore this facet of the American eating system is risky.
Why Putting Kids on The Biggest Loser Is a Bad Idea. Despite the gravity of the situation, I am not convinced that the task of informing our society about our childhood obesity crisis should be placed on the shoulders of two 13-year-olds and a 16-year-old, especially with millions watching their personal weight-loss experiences each week.
Get Your V Game On!. I'm sure you can think of someone whose cycles are thrown off every time they travel, have a test or are sleep-deprived. This reaction creates a chain of events that can suppress or even stop a whole range of responses, including digestion (feel bloated much?), menstruation and, you guessed it, libido.
What Do You Know About Restless Legs Syndrome?. Restless legs syndrome (RLS) is a neurological disorder that can interfere with normal sleep patterns due to constant limb
Mental Illness and Mindful Awareness. Who are you, who are we, beyond the reductionist judgments, labels, family and cultural experiences that helped teach us who we think we are? For mental illness or no, we all are taught who we're supposed to be long before we're capable of knowing that for ourselves.
Dadmissions. The plot next to my father still sits empty. And the double gravestone on top, which you often see for spouses, sits empty too. That is my mother's final stand.  It's a reminder that it is never too late to make a change. It's never too late to get out of an abusive relationship.
I'm Awesome. This occurred to me very recently
Generation Why Not Me?. When I was first diagnosed with cancer at age 18, the only thought that ran through my mind was how unfair this whole situation was. But I soon realized that it wasn't helpful to think this way.
Everything's Harder With Cancer. Most days, my two-and-a-half-year-old cancer diagnosis moves smoothly, easily back and forth between the back of my mind and the front. But on some days, cancer remains stubbornly in the forefront.
The Case for Prevention. If we got down to the bedrock of true prevention -- lifestyle as preventive medicine -- we could add years to life, add life to years, and save a whole lot of money by putting to use the science and sense long at our disposal.
TV Health Problems. We're obsessed with Downton Abbey too, but recent news has made us squeamish about plopping down in front of the tube.
Virtual Superpowers Could Make You Do Good In Real Life, Study Finds. By Sophie Bushwick (Click here for the original article and podcast) You're a bird! You're a plane! You're a superhero! Sort
Psych Meds and Kids. Obviously, not every person who takes a prescription drug to treat depression, social anxiety, or ADHD will exhibit violent
Mindfulness. For more on mindfulness, click here. In the video above, Jay Michaelson, author of Evolving Dharma, explains the concept
Alzheimer's Population Will Triple by 2050. According to the authors of the Neurology study, in 2010, there were 0.7 million people with Alzheimer's between 65 and 74
Brain Stimulation, With Meds, Could Relieve Depression Symptoms, Study Finds. At the beginning of the study, participants in each of the four groups had an average depression score between 30 and 31
My MyPlate Experiment, Day Three. I tried incorporating two new normal life things into my MyPlate Experiment
5 Reasons Why You Probably Shouldn't Go to Medical School. This is not a ruthless attempt to crush your dreams and passions. This is not an op-ed on our current health care system. This is targeted toward individuals who are considering medical school in order to practice clinical medicine, written by a physician in postgraduate training.
Chris Christie's Weight. Despite his bluster and understandable dismay that a doctor who hasn't examined him would speculate about his health, it
The Bulge Is Still Winning the Battle, But We Must Keep Fighting. I don't want to be a statistic any longer. I don't want to be a \baby boomer\ that is living longer but sicker than my parents. I don't want the illnesses that can be prevented by simply moving more and eating right.
Beyonc\u00e9 Again Brings Her 'A Game'. When we are stuck in safety, we confuse the fatigue of simultaneously trying for and resisting our goals with the energy and effort that would otherwise be going powerfully toward achieving them.
Hospice. In this post, I'd like to explore the necessity, challenges and goals of having end-of-life conversations once the diagnosis of a life-limiting condition is confirmed.
'Portion Distortion'. Address the business concerns head on. If minority businesses are unduly burdened by the soda ban's exemptions, level the playing field to include convenience stores, and it would not hurt to tighten up \milk-based.\
The Cancer Curve Ball. Few things in life seem to come easy, so of course the transition to college threw me a curve ball. A big curve ball. Cancer. One of the problems of being a young adult with cancer is that you aren't really sure if you're the supporter or the supported sometimes.
Are You Using Knowledge, or Is Knowledge Using You?. Throughout life, we constantly narrate, or commentate on, everything we do, say, see, touch, smell, taste, and hear. As natural storytellers, we continuously keep the plot moving forward, sometimes missing millions of subplots that are developing on their own.
'I Drank the CrossFit Kool-Aid'. When I was first introduced to CrossFit, I found it to be the hardest workout that I'd ever done. The results that I have seen in my strength and physicality have been unparalleled to any other things I have ever done in my more than 20 years in the fitness business.
GPS Guide. 4. Accept change. Mirabai Bush, co-founder of The Center for Contemplative Mind in Society, is a long-time mindfulness meditation
A Valentine for Everyone. For more on love and relationships, click here. I've been hit by some spears in my time. I've eaten the chocolates and cut
Diet Affects Sleep Patterns, Study Finds. For more on how what we eat affects how we sleep, click over to blogger Dr. Michael Breus's posts here and here. A new study
Coming Clean About Cancer. I am writing from the final throes of age 29, a narrowing corridor of weeks until I embark upon my 30s. But for some of us, 'survival' of this particular decade is jarringly literal. I am a cancer survivor.
Listen to Your Heart. The heart may be the main squeeze, but it relies on multiple partners, especially the kidneys. They work together as models of a successful, balanced and healthy relationship.
Resilience Can Be Learned. An undefeated mind isn't one that never feels discouraged or despairing; it's one that continues on in spite of it.
The Healthiest People on Earth. If you live in Japan, you should feel pretty good. The quality of health there is ranked number one in the world, according to a decades-long study funded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. Readers of the global study will naturally want to know the secret of Japan's success.
Top 10 Cancer-Surviving Tips to Avoid. Don't use the cancer card to have your school workload reduced, to cheat on tests, or get paid to do nothing. Use it instead to get the big piece of chicken at dinner.
You're Getting Conscious (Even If You Don't Know It)!. A new white paper commissioned by GaiamTV and generated by market research firm Sparks & Honey says there are 100 million consumers of conscious media in America today.
13 Foods to Add to Your Diet in 2013. Like clothing, music, and celebrities, certain foods come and go in terms of popularity. Here are 13 that may help you improve your health, assist your weight-loss efforts, or just give you the chance to give your taste buds something new!
You Can Retire Now, Lead a Sacred Life and Find True Joy. There are satisfactions other than a pay check, being important in your company, or being always the provider.  There is another identity. You can retire and simply be happy, inspired, and full of the joy of life.
My MyPlate Experiment, Day Two. It turns out that, on a normal day, my stomach could answer \Got Milk?\ with an emphatic \No.\ So I've found myself needing to incorporate extra milk and yogurt whenever possible.
Mid-Week Motivation. This week, we hardly had to get up off the couch to find inspiration
Fighting Disease With Words. One hospital stay left me confined to the walls of a very small room, no one allowed to enter without wearing a mask, gloves and a gown. But what quarantine couldn't take away was the connections I could make with my writing.
How to Stick It Out to Achieve Success!. Just stick it out for a long enough time (and a little bit more) and you will most likely have your days of glory. This means keep doing the work you are supposed to be doing, to the best of your capability, regardless of the mood of the moment.
Pubic Hair Grooming Injuries Increased Over Past Decade, Study Finds. Pubic hair does have a purpose, providing cushion against friction that can cause skin abrasion and injury, protection from
Do You Want to Loosen the Grip of Fear?. If you suppress a goal you really want to achieve out of fear, it can create added stress. I have learned through much trial and error to take the risk. Here are some of the ways I have learned to move forward -- despite my fears.
Money and Miracles. You'll begin to understand that energy is currency. When your energy has an essence of abundance, you greatly increase your capacity to receive more abundance.
Are Kids Going to Eat Less Junk at School?. The days of snacking on candy, soda and chips in schools may soon be over. Last Friday, the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced new proposed standards for snacks sold at schools.
Becoming Sensitive to Life. What we detect of the world outside -- not to mention all our interior processes, phases, and workings -- is only a tiny fraction of what is there.
Fitness Instructors Are The New DJs. Devin Murphy loves the new remix of the 1984 Bryan Adams hit \Summer of '69.\ She didn't hear it on the radio, notice on
The Super Bowl and Survivor Guilt. I recognize those children were placed at the Super Bowl for good and sincere reasons. I have to wonder, though, if that's really what's best for at least some of those children.
Mindfulness Meditation Boosts Music Engagement, Study Finds. An ancient practice linked with physical and mental benefits -- such as an improved immune system, lower blood pressure and
Scot Jacobson, 556-Pound Oregon Man With 70-Pound Tumor, Faces 2 Risky Surgeries. Scot Jacobson, a 556-pound Oregon man, has a 70-pound tumor he calls \Wilson,\ after the volleyball featured in the movie
PSA Testing. The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force (USPSTF) recommends not using PSA tests. \More Evidence That PSA Testing May Do More
How Much Caffeine Is Too Much Caffeine?. When Matthew Penbross woke on a morning in August 2007--a day in which he'd be competing in motocross races near Port Macquarie
Does the Mind Stop Thinking?. I used to be ambitious about meditation -- disciplining myself to sit longer than I felt comfortable. I didn't find that helpful and found useless distractions that were most certainly not helpful.
Happiest And Saddest Days Of The Year Identified In New Gallup Report. You might be surprised to learn that this holiday doesn't cause a lot of stress.
The Ultimate Psychotherapy. \In many ways,\ said Robert, \the ultimate psychotherapy is simply to relax about things.\ While it was just a passing comment, the reason it has been humming along inside my mind ever since is that it so directly mirrors the experience I have with my own clients.
The Best Breakfast For You. Don't reach for just any cereal or oatmeal, though. Different morning routines call for different morning meals. Whether
Diet Soda Mixed With Alcohol Could Lead To Higher BAC, Study Finds. More from Everyday Health
Me and Newtown. There was basically no town in Newtown, as I remember it.   We had to catch a ride into New York City if we expected much fun.
The Practice of Geezing. Lately I find myself engaging with friends in an ancient and revered form of discourse whose origins lie in the dim past of humanity. To take part in this talking ritual requires only that you have reached a certain age and are willing to expose your innermost self.
Coffee Grounds Are High In Antioxidants, Researchers Find. A hidden element in used coffee grounds could give them a use beyond plant food. A new study in the Journal of Agricultural
My MyPlate Experiment. I'm only 24 hours into my mission to eat exactly according to the federal government's Dietary Guidelines for Americans, and I can already tell it's going to be a hard week.
The Hardest Conversation. The conversation with my daughter was the hardest one I've had. The topics were gut-wrenching. But shining the light on them, on this disease, on what happens next, is the only way I know to cope, to help, to keep going.
Biggest Loser Recap, Season 14, Episode 6. The teams faced an initial surprise when they found out that their weigh-in would be different this week
AB Blood Types May Have Higher Risk Of Blood Clots, Study Finds. For example, a 2011 study from Harvard University found that both men and women with blood type AB faced a 26 percent increased
Smoking Rate Higher Among Adults With Mental Illness, CDC Finds. \There are very good treatments and very good counseling that, unlike cigarettes, don't take 10 years off your life,\ he
Chris Kyle. When we make decisions in life, we don't have the benefit of hindsight, and we just go ahead and do the best we can with what we have. That is how Chris Kyle lived
World Cancer Day. Cancer affects nearly 1.7 million Americans in 2012 and global rates of cancer are rising. In honor of World Cancer Day we
32 Compounding Pharmacies In Massachusetts Forced To Halt Operations Over Violations. The wave of inspections follow a deadly U.S. meningitis outbreak stemming from a tainted steroid that was made by the New
Lindsey Vonn Injury. Champion skier Lindsey Vonn is in the hospital following a Tuesday night crash during the opening day of the women's Super
The PRH (Personal Responsibility for Health) Chronicles, Part 1. The issue of personal responsibility for health and weight control comes up frequently in my professional circles, generating strong and opposing views.  I have addressed this theme recently -- and many times in the past -- and expressed my own opinions.
Food And Stress. Usually when we talk about stress eating, we're warning you against using food to squash unpleasant feelings. While many
GPS Guide. Second son of former President of Mali, Alpha Oumar Konar\u00e9, and historian Adame Ba Konar\u00e9, Birama Konar\u00e9 holds a Bachelor's
Deep Listening. As we ignore our painful feelings or push them away, they impede our flowing aliveness and obscure the pure awareness that is our source. By not listening to our inner life, we cut ourselves off from reality. What remains is a diminished self, an unreal other.
Milk Thistle Extract, Silibinin, Could Help Protect Against Skin Cancer, Studies Show. A bright purple flower could play a role in protecting against skin cancer, according to two new studies. Milk thistle is
The Cancer Roller Coaster. Cancer can take your strength, or your leg, or your breast, or your hope. It can also take your soul if you let it. Do whatever you have to do to keep that from happening. Get up... again, and again, and again.
Reflections on the Culture of Appearance. At the end of the day, it doesn't matter if your hair wasn't perfect or if your spouse forgot to throw out the garbage. Focus on being happy. And you will be.
Unemployment Is Bad for Your Health. Unemployment is not simply a minor inconvenience or a passing phase. Recognizing unemployment as a health factor -- both for mental and physical health -- and providing the services to help people cope can have long-lasting preventative effects.
Silver Linings Playbook. Part of the message of the movie is that it takes a lot of mutual support for people to be their best selves, whether or not mental illness is involved. And that if we're not afraid of mental illness, and we don't try to hide it, we can help people manage their symptoms and live up to their potential.
Make Better Decisions by Ignoring Three 19th-Century Philosophers. Every day, both in life and at work, people make wrong decisions that could have been avoided. Or they make right decisions, but lack the confidence that lets them do away with stress and proceed with vigor. Are these inalterable facts of life, or is there a remedy?
Is an ADHD/Adderall Ice Age Ending?. The 5,000-word Times piece on the life and death by suicide of a young man, Richard Fee, addicted to Adderall (a form of prescription amphetamine), could represent a true thawing of what some feel has been a 20-year ADHD/Adderall Ice Age.
We Draw Our Own Maps. Here's the bad news
The Alphabet of Happiness. Believe -- belief is like a magic potion; it helps us move forward even when times are tough. It gives a foundation when there is none to be seen and supports our dreams when the evidence is not yet there.
Everyday Journeying. Normalization of the journey experience isn't failure. It's natural, it's progress, integration. The act of journeying is a relationship, not just the connections we make from it.
More Than Valentine's Day. February is American Heart Month, which makes this a good time to talk about the ways the Affordable Care Act helps us take better care of our hearts. Right now, heart disease is the leading cause of death in the United States.
Planning for an Uncertain Future. I fought cancer, and was fortunate to win, but I had to start over. How do I make a new plan? The uncertainty that comes with being in remission, as well as many of the financial difficulties for the future are ever-present. How do you plan for the future, when yours (like mine) is so uncertain?
7 Things Trainers Want To Tell You But Don't. Imagine typing an email with your elbows. You could probably do it, but it would be riddled with typos and take about three
Narcolepsy Is All In This Family. The family is reportedly the first-ever example of an extended family having narcolepsy and cataplexy (a related disorder
Barrett's Esophagus. Barrett's esophagus is a common condition among people who also suffer from gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), which
Proximity To Equator Linked With Allergy, Asthma Risk. The association between UVB radiation exposure and asthma risk \may be linked to vitamin D, which is thought to modify the
Generic Doxil. Sun's product is the first generic version of Doxil, which was approved in 1995 and is used to treat ovarian cancer, AIDS
Getting 'High' in the 21st Century. So, how do we get high, according to my definition? The secret is to use our own body as a vehicle for the very transformation we are looking for. We do it through movement and through breath.  It is called yoga and meditation.
Run at the Speed of Fun. I eased off the pace. Got my breathing back under control. And the epiphany struck
My MyPlate Experiment. I'm not a healthy eater. But for the next week, I'm going to try my hardest to eat exactly in accordance with the Dietary Guidelines for Americans.
Injectable Foam Blocks Internal Bleeding On The Battlefield. By John Eischeid (Click here for the original article) Although Arsenal Medical's foam has a lot of potential, it still needs
Calorie Labels Are Often Inaccurate, Experts Say. People who meticulously check the calorie counts on nutrition labels and restaurant menus are in for some bad news
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
10 Minute Workout. But not all 10-minute routines are created equal, so we asked some of our go-to fitness experts to create short programs
Three Alternative Solutions for Chronic Pain. Current research reports that alternative therapies such as yoga, acupuncture, and medical marijuana (cannabis) can offer natural relief from chronic pain.
Keeping a Cancer Journal. Keeping a journal can help a cancer patient express deeply held feelings that may be too difficult to voice aloud, and help a patient to navigate a complex inner landscape that must be traveled alone. And starting a journal requires just a few minutes a day.
Uninsured Less Likely To Get Medications For Heart Problems, Study Finds. Havranek said the first step to solving the problem is to do what Chan and his colleagues did
Don't Forget to Breathe!. Breathing in a way that promotes stress reduction takes practice and attention, two things we often have in short supply. Ironically, we are often too busy to focus on breathing well.
Stress Health Effects. When you're constantly feeling overwhelmed and anxious, the cumulative effects can be dangerous.
MVA85A. Ginsberg said it would be \a huge mistake for the world to get discouraged by this and give up.\ She said TB was \far too
We Are What We Think. Whether self or externally generated, our thoughts set the stage for how we feel, perceive, act, and react. When a thought makes itself at home in our brains, it prompts the formation of neural pathways that prove highly resistant to change.
How Avoidance Will Make You Fearful. Think about everything you are missing out on because of what you are avoiding. How much richer could your life become if you didn't feel the need to hide from your fears? What would you be able to do? Supposing you were not fearful, think how great your life would be.
3 Paths to Lasting Well-Being. Creating lasting well-being requires shattering those habitual tendencies that lead to stress, frustration and heartbreak.   Here are three paths I've been working on for years, and while I'm many miles from mastery, the more I practice, the more peace and happiness I find.
The Life Whisperer. I started watching The Dog Whisperer about a year after my sudden divorce. Much to my surprise, I learned even more about myself from Cesar Millan than I did about my dog.
In Psychiatric Emergencies, Emergency Rooms Not Always Safe. Communities need specially-designed psychiatric emergency departments. Private insurance companies should provide more and better community care for persons with psychiatric problems, and more community alternative programs for persons in emotional distress should be developed.
An Edited Life. Writing is just one manifestation of this tension, this nagging, lifelong struggle to be you or be perfect -- to live a messy, real, vulnerable life, or an edited one.  In writing, you get to arrange things just so, like a museum curator piecing together the perfect exhibit.
4 Ways You Might Be Rejecting Yourself. Fear of rejection is a big issue for many people -- and it used to be for me, too. I used to be so worried about how others felt about me that I was often anxious in my interactions with them -- always trying to say and do the \right\ thing so they would like me or at least think well of me.
Openness vs. Vulnerability. In October of last year, I was no longer able to deny a long-developing internal shift, and promptly left my rather high-powered career to figure out what my next passion was. Walking out of the office that day with no real plan, I'd never been more scared. Now, I've never been more liberated.
Winter Health. 11. Windburn Kudos to those who enjoy the great outdoors even when it's frigid outside. Protect sensitive skin by layering
Unexpected Workouts Of NFL Players. It's no secret that athletes crosstrain for their sports in various ways. To stay dynamic it's important to work different
The Super Bowl Fitness Challenge. Start with feet in a wide stance and pick them up and down as fast as possible. Keep upper body low with your hands up as
How Sleep Helps You Lose Weight. Diet and exercise have their place, but one secret weapon in your weight-loss arsenal takes a lot less effort
Stop the Blame Game to Improve Your Relationship. We can think about what sets us off and what patterns are at play in our relationships. In doing so, we can accept that every couple is just two people with two sovereign minds and two stories that made us who we are today. We can have respect for those differences and compassion when confronting each other's defenses.
A Prescription for Happiness?. If you're happy, Deepak Chopra says, you're going to be healthier, have better relationships, do good/meaningful work and be successful and abundant -- not the other way around. He claims that there's a formula for happiness, which depends on three things.
Vegetable Consumption Linked With Lower Risk For Estrogen Receptor-Negative Breast Cancer. The study, conducted by researchers at Brigham and Women's Hospital, included analyzing data from 20 different studies, where
The Fastest Way to a Quiet Mind. The fastest way to a quiet mind is not a particular practice, whether spiritual or secular; it is simply to realize the nature of mind itself.
GPS Guide. Often, when John reaches the summit on a climb, he places the names of people living with epilepsy in a capsule to bring
3 Powerful Recipes to Juice or Blend. Instead of buying a juicer, I thought I'd try and use my blender to mix fruits and veggies -- like I do my protein shake. Well, I'm glad I did, because not only do I love the way that it tastes, but I'm also experiencing the benefits of the abundance of anti-inflammatory agents found in vegetables.
The 7-Day Happiness Challenge. If you take this seven-day challenge and if you commit yourself to doing all of these things without cheating, not only you will know what makes happy people happy, but at the end of the challenge, you might also experience that happiness for yourself.
Your Calling. It's clear that many of us are realizing that we made an agreement before we came into these bodies, that we would come together at a certain time in order to bring light and love onto this planet and to usher in a golden age.
Super Bowl 2013. What do NFL players eat on a day-to-day basis? It can vary a lot, even among the players on one team. You want to make sure
Super Bowl Calories. Watching the Super Bowl is basically as American as celebrating Thanksgiving -- and we eat nearly as much. That's right, Super
Mollusks Could Pave The Way For Future Medicines. In the first study, published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, researchers analyzed the shipworm
Caring for the Caregiver. As a nurse-turned-patient, I can say with 150 percent confidence that being a caregiver involves some of the hardest work in the world. In fact, I can't overstate how difficult being a caregiver is. It is painstakingly difficult, physically, emotionally, socially, psychologically and, it must be said, financially.
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (Feb. 1-7). Even momentarily concentrating on healthy solutions rewires psychological patterns to receive and share healthy sexual love in the present.  Here are three meditations with the themes of love, family, and discovery for you to ponder and practice this week.
Teens And Young Adults Who Binge Drink Risk Negative Brain Effects Later In Life. \In young alcohol misusers, these preventable and potentially reversible deficits may be progressive but if left unresolved
Lance Armstrong. If we refuse to see what Lance did, and what everyone else does who craves the rewards of celebrity adulation, as a reflection of our own misguided longing, then we are the real dopes.
Unexpected Mentoring Insights From Kevin Bacon's Killer TV Show. Look for mentors to emulate who are both extremely observant and don't jump to conclusions. Instead, they discuss what they see so the team can quickly look for corroborating evidence -- or the lack of it.
Show Me the Half-Full Glass. If you can't seem to see the glass half-full, surround yourself with people that can. Find a supportive community; look for people with similar interests who understand you and will be able to provide you with the encouraging words you need to hear.
Katie Couric Hosts Deepak Chopra And Goldie Hawn To Talk De-Stressing (VIDEO). Friday, Feb. 1, Katie Couric tackles ways we can combat this growing epidemic (which has been dubbed by one as \the new fat
Let That Inner Child Come Out to Play. I am convinced that we all have a choice
Super Snacks for Super Bowl Sunday. Super Bowl snacking is as much a part of game day as the actual game. Typical snacks are laden with calories -- not to mention the bottles of beer you're washing it all down with. Make the extra calories you eat this Sunday count with these more nutrient-dense and delicious snack ideas.
8 Ways to Spot Your Denial About Dementia. At first, denial can be a healthy defense against admitting that your loved one has dementia. Denial helps you block the more painful aspects of reality.  However, if denial continues too long, then it can be life-threatening to you and your loved one.
Did You Ditch Your Resolution Already? Don't Fret!. Pursuing a more authentic resolution is ultimately not only going to get results, but those results will last and not come crashing down as so often happens with typical resolutions like weight loss, giving up chocolate, working out every day, etc.
Elite Athletes Have Better Thinking Skills Than University Students, Study Finds. For more ways that fitness can translate into brain benefits, click through the slideshow
Why I Wish I Were 3 Years Old. Observing the world of these preschoolers, unburdened by the ticking clock, empty of resentment and worry, engaged with the natural world, creativity and imagination... it kind of makes me envy them.
Are We Listening to What Nature Is Howling At?. In many cultures, the full moon in January is referred to as the Wolf Moon. As we think this through a bit more, we realize that the wolf is not howling at the moon but at his pack mates. This is their time for communication, when the earth rests still and their voices carry best.
Why Our Health Depends on Treating Animals Better. Regardless of whether or not this controversial research continues, you can bet one thing
Flu Patients Can Emit Virus Up To 6 Feet Away, Study Finds. Right now, health workers who care for flu patients wear masks to protect themselves when the patients engage in \aerosol
Carotenoids Linked With Decreased Risk Of ALS, Study Finds. And now, a new study in the Annals of Neurology suggests carotenoids could slow -- or even prevent -- the development of
BVO and the Right Dose of Worry. BVO is much in the news of late. This is the ingredient a teenage girl noticed in her Gatorade, prompting her to find out what it was. Her investigation revealed potential health risks associated with BVO, and she started an online petition to get this ingredient out of her sports drink.
What Are The Ethical And Environmental Costs Of Healthy Food?. Whole-wheat, organic, free-range -- it seems every time we turn around, there's a new, healthier food option available. Fretting
The Super Bowl, Stress and Heart Health. This Sunday, being an avid fan during the Super Bowl game could prove deadly. According to a 2011 study published in the journal Clinical Cardiology, the emotional stress experienced by fans of a losing team could increase an individual's risk of heart attack.
\No One Wants a Crazy Person\. Tragically, the severe stigma attached to mental illness delays early diagnosis and treatment.
7 Things You May Not Know About Happiness. Here are 7 things you may not know about happiness, from the awesome documentary, Happy:\u00a0 1. Happiness helps you achieve
How to Gain Patience, Positivity and Confidence. It's essential for you to do anything you can do to create confidence and positivity in your current condition. These traits are not an added bonus in gaining access to greater opportunities -- they're a necessity for your toolbox.
Tone Up With Alison Sweeney. Try these moves -- from celeb trainer Steve Lee -- that the \Biggest Loser\ host swears by. Do them three days a week, one
Sleep Disorders In The Military. The \study provides a unique insight into the growing body of evidence linking sleep disorders, and more specifically, insomnia
Obesity Linked With Increased Multiple Sclerosis Risk In Girls. \Even though pediatric MS remains rare, our study suggests that parents or caregivers of obese teenagers should pay attention
Understanding Health Myths, Presumptions and Facts. In the scientific world, we live by the tenet \association does not assume causation.\ That is, just because two things happen to be related, does not mean that one caused the other.
Triaminic, Theraflu Warming Relief Recall. The company said it received four reports of accidental ingestion of the Triaminic syrup. One patient required medical attention
Consumer Reports Tackles Cancer Screening Tests. You trust Consumer Reports when it comes to buying your next car or fridge. But now, for the first time ever, consumers can
Binge Drinking Raises Risk Of Type 2 Diabetes In Rats. While men and women are drinking at nearly equally rates, men still face more severe consequences after binge-drinking episodes
RNA Fragments Could Yield Rapid, Accurate Cancer Diagnosis -- Without Biopsy. In the meantime Srivastava says exosomal tests could be used in conjunction with current methods of diagnosis like PSA to
5 Food Myths Debunked. 4. Beef is beef and pork is pork, no matter how they're raised. When cattle are fed on grass, rather than on high-energy
Fight, Flight or Change?. One of the reasons why so many people are feeling pressure and stress is because the things that they had attached themselves to in the past for safety and security are no longer serving them.
Procrastination And Productivity. Instead of perusing your social networks, call a friend. You'll get the same calming benefits of fostering a connection, and
From Gypsy Girl to Grounded Yogi. I recently got this letter and thought it would be valuable to share my response with everybody. It's applicable to anything you are avoiding hunkering down on.
GPS Guide. In our constant search to find meaning, purpose and happiness, our outer search always sends us back inside ourselves to
Skin-Cancer Apps Can Be Dangerously Wrong. Do you think that mole on your arm is suspicious? There's an app for that. Several in fact. But a brand new study found if you rely on skin cancer apps for a melanoma diagnosis, you could be putting your life at risk.
Work and Traffic and Family, Oh My! How Modern-Day Stresses Affect Your Health. Humans turn on the stress response for purely psychological reasons, and we are doing it nonstop. We are bombarding our bodies with stress to such a point that the stress response becomes more damaging than the stressor in the first place.
Let's Paint the Town Red -- Join Us for the 10th National Wear Red Day. When Go Red For Women began, only 13 percent of women identified heart disease as their No. 1 killer; now 54 percent of women know that heart disease is the leading killer of women.
One Way to Change the World. Be kind to yourself. That's how you change the world. For more by Maureen Anderson, click here. A woman I used to know is
Call Forth the Divine Mother. God Bless You, Laura Remember, the Divine Mother is not a soft, mushy energy. She is actually incredibly powerful and she
The Sweet Monster in the Supersized Cup. Sugar -- especially in soft drinks -- should be placed in the same category as alcoholic beverages and cigarettes.  I can hear the moans from Coca-Cola and Pepsi, but it is a fact that reducing the amount of sugar in sweetened drinks can make a huge difference.
4 Ridiculously Healthy (And Delicious!) Pizzas for Your Super Bowl Party. Pizza has the potential to be ridiculously healthy -- it covers all the food groups! Hold the delivery this year and get creative in the kitchen. Try one of my favorite healthy spins on the not-so-greasy good stuff.
Schizophrenia. Years after my trauma, I have come to realize that being different can be a blessing if you are willing to forge on.  I have also found that talking and writing openly about my mental illness can help to shed the stigma for men and women.
Super Snacks for Super Bowl Sunday. Besides watching the game and enjoying the commercials, Super Bowl snacking is one of the main attractions of game day. In fact, Americans consume more calories during the Super Bowl than nearly any other day during the year -- second only to Thanksgiving!
The Resolve Behind the Resolution. Calling something a resolution does not make it the parameter of how much resolve you have. The resolve behind the resolution is tempered by your own fears and guilt. Change your perceptions, see the benefits and drawbacks of your illusions and lay down those fears and guilt to rest.
HuffPost Workouts. For more music, check out the rest of the HuffPost Workouts series here. Swimming Pools (Drank) \u2013- Kendrick Lamar Let There
Totally Enlightened!. I wrote this as a short film about 10 years ago when I moved to NYC and started dipping my toes in all the different yoga and spiritual communities that were hanging around, and I observed quite a few comedic moments in the process.
Melt Your Emotional Blocks. A few years ago, I discovered EFT for the first time. It seemed like I couldn't speak with a colleague or open a newsletter without hearing about tapping and its incredible healing power. So, I listened to my gut and packed my bags for an EFT retreat near my home.
Honesty of Purest Gold. The yogic practice of truthfulness, called asteya, refers to abstention from falsehoods -- either expressed to others or experienced within -- in favor of that which abides by nature's way.
Why Late-Night Dinners Disrupt Sleep. There are only so many hours in the day, but sometimes we pack everything in right up until bedtime. With so many obligations
Technology Can Help Us Live Longer. As evidence mounts that innovations such as smart devices can improve the health and care of an individual, more resources must be focused on their development and integration into the health care system.
Learning to See Past the Mask. Richie had truly \seen\ Sharon -- her vulnerability and spirit, and he'd expressed his care by mirroring her goodness. It took another year and a half for her to tell him what those gifts had meant to her, and to apologize. But because he hadn't given up on her, a thaw had begun.
Should You Price Shop for Veterinary Care?. When deciding on veterinary care for your precious pet, in addition to finding out about fees, I recommend you also look at the DVM's practice philosophy. Ideally, your vet's approach to keeping your pet healthy will mirror your own.
I Lost Weight. I now run 5K, 10K and half-marathon races. In 2012, I placed third and first in two different types of races (trail and road
Clutter Busting a Relationship That Doesn't Serve You. A relationship supports us when it makes us feel connected. Our hearts relish that feeling of unity. But when we suffer to maintain a relationship, we lose that beautiful feeling of connection.
Go Red for Women. The Red Dress Awards are an event that Woman's Day holds annually to spotlight doctors, researchers and advocates who are making a difference in the fight against heart disease in women.
Silent Retreat. In silence, our world opens to this goldenness, what is life giving and true.  A silent retreat is free time where simple being and inner stillness conspire to light up our minds with the light of our soul.
How Two Minutes of 'Power Posing' Can Make You More Confident. There are two techniques to help you quiet mental clutter and become more powerful. Before a high-stakes interaction, go into the bathroom and spend two minutes in front of the mirror doing the following.
Why Should We Care About Diabetes?. Diabetes is hurting people both at the personal and the national levels. The best way to fight Type 2 diabetes is to avoid it in the first place. Developing healthy nutrition and physical activity habits are critical factors in avoiding diabetes.
Lumpectomy With Radiation Linked With Better Breast Cancer Survival Rates Than Mastectomy. The study, published in the journal Cancer, included 112,154 women with early stage breast cancer (stage I or II) who were
Thank You, My Friends. When I started chemotherapy, I tried to picture what it would be like to go back to school at the end of everything. I'm lucky to say that my daydreams from the last nine weeks have become a reality. So to my friends, I say thank you. Thank you for treating me like one of the gang again.
Celiac Disease Pill? Scientists Find Potential Therapeutic For Gluten Intolerance. People with lactose intolerance have a lactase pill available that helps them breakdown the protein so they can eat dairy
Trick To Stop Cravings. Another recent but unrelated study found that people who took smaller sips of broth led to 30 percent less overall consumption
Vitamin D Deficiency and Daytime Sleepiness. We've seen evidence that vitamin D deficiency is associated with sleep problems, particularly with daytime sleepiness. A new study examined the link between daytime sleepiness and vitamin D, and also considered one of the major risk factors of vitamin D deficiency
HuffPost Q&A. Blood pressure is best treated holistically. Severe or poorly-managed stress could be the reason for it, and if so, blood pressure is merely a sign of the underlying condition. Always best to look for causes -- and treat as close to them as possible.
Stress Can Affect Future Generations' Genes. For the first time, genes chemically silenced by stress during life have been shown to remain silenced in eggs and sperm
Vegetarians Less Likely To Die From Or Be Hospitalized For Heart Disease, Study Shows. The participants began the study in the 90s and were tracked until 2009; by that time, 1,235 had developed heart disease
The Story of the New Humanity (VIDEO). Don't tune out, because the story of humanity is about to take a turn.  Human beings are nothing if not master storytellers.
HuffPost Workouts. Every January, about 15 percent of people making New Year's resolutions vow to get fit. It's no easy task, but a playlist
Death Gives Us Clarity. I like funerals. KEYS
The Role of Values in Eating Disorders Treatment. Eating disorders are phobic disorders; therefore, we have to challenge the phobia and support patients in confronting their fears. To do so, we must find something they value more than their eating disorder, something that's so important to them that it overrides this anxiety.
Countdown to Affordable Health Insurance. This is an historic time for those Americans who never had health insurance, who had to go without insurance after losing a job or becoming sick, or who had been turned down because of a pre-existing condition.
Ending the Life of a Pet. This afternoon, my dog will leave this world in my arms without pain, with my lipstick kiss on her mature Maltese mane.  Tonight, when it is late and dark and time to sleep, I will feel her presence beside me.
Confessions of a Food Addict. Now, close to 20 years since those early, painful days when I first discovered I was not alone, my life has completely changed.  That person I was all those years ago is not who I am now.  But I still remain an addict.  It is who and what I am.
Gluten-Free And Extreme Dieting. At the same time, gluten-free diets are on the rise for a legitimate reason
World's First Alcoholism Vaccine Set To Begin Preclinical Trials In Chile (VIDEO). In the body, alcohol is metabolized by first being broken down into the toxic acetaldehyde, which is then turned into acetate
3 Steps to Making Intentions Stick. Making change is not about luck, it's about having a good strategy of being kind and compassionate with yourself as you continue to wander off and gently guide yourself back to the object of focus.
What's That Food Doing in There Anyway?. When we eat highly-processed foods, through a process which is still undefined, they lead to irritation in our bodies, which is termed inflammation. Inflammation is a little difficult to identify, but usually presents itself in various symptoms.
The Endless Search. I have done fire walks and thrown forgiveness letters into burning flames. I have been spit on in the face, poked on my body and I have even been beaten up as part of a workshop. My home has been space cleared and decorated after all kinds of rules.
Eating This Could Turn Your Gut Into a Living Pesticide Factory. A new generation of insect larvae is eating the roots of genetically-engineered corn intended to be resistant to such pests. The failure of Monsanto's genetically-modified Bt corn could be the most serious threat ever to a genetically-modified crop in the U.S.
Hope for Broken Hearts on Valentine's Day. Having a formal day with a label protects you from feeling like a Scrooge on Valentine's Day.  Knowing you're not alone and getting support eases your ego that's been bruised and feels unlovable.
Stress Less. Our readers refuse to get upset by traffic jams, wrinkles in their kids' clothes and more.
Skin Stem Cells May Lead To Treatments For ARVD/C, Heart Condition That Strikes Young Athletes. By Alysha Reid \With this new model, we hope we are now on a path to develop better therapies for this life-threatening disease
Heart Disease Linked With Mild Cognitive Impairment In Women, Study Finds. \Heart Disease Linked to Thinking Problems in Women\ originally appeared on Everyday Health. In atrial fibrillation, says
15 Tips That Help You Live to Be 100. Since we all get older every year, it raises an important question
Wine Is Healthier Than Coke. We confront an era when we have to eliminate the ubiquity of sugary drinks -- including even fruit juice.  And, then, what will we drink?  Bittman makes clear that it should be water.  That's one possibility.
Are You Letting Your Heart Sing?. As a life coach, I often find myself working on the same bottom line with clients -- are you letting your heart sing?  This is a powerfully loaded question that deserves some unpacking here.
The Most Important Skill You Have But Ignore. We know that the key to positively influencing adult behavior lies in getting individuals to practice existing skills in novel contexts. Our solution, therefore, is simple
Urban Legends Of Your Digestive Tract. We all love a good urban legend, and it can be especially fun when they turn out to be true. An elderly patient with gastroparesis
Work Stress. 3. You don't give feedback. It's no surprise that sometimes employees worry about how well they are performing at their job
Exposing Ourselves to Vulnerability Is the True Measure of Our Strength. Far from being a vulnerable trait, if used wisely, a humble attitude clears the way for one to fully appreciate more of life.
5 Signs You Are in Love. For the first time in my life,  I erased the image of my \perfect man\ and saw my best friend clearly. He was as loveable as Shrek and resembled a taller version of Daniel Craig.
Pneumonia Cannot Be Reliably Diagnosed Without X-Rays, Study Finds. In fact, joint guidelines from the Infectious Diseases Society of American and American Thoracic Society call for an x-ray
A Friendly Reminder to Medical Residency Selection Committees Across the Nation. Although it often happens, we do not expect to make new life-long friends. But we do expect to work with individuals that are not only focused on becoming well-trained physicians, but also admired colleagues.
Go Red for Women. \My mother needed a wife.\ My patient died the next day, but her daughter's comment had a profound effect on me because she was absolutely right. A wife would not have allowed her husband -- or her brother, or her child or her friend -- to ignore the symptoms.
Go Red for Women. I did live that night. I have another chance to really take in all that the dash has to offer. I now have a purpose in life.
Qi Gong Could Improve Breast Cancer Patients' Quality Of Life. An ancient Chinese practice could make life better for women undergoing treatment for breast cancer, according to a small
You Just Never Know. On a rainy Sunday evening I returned from St. Michael's Medical Center in Newark, having visited my brother, who had a heart attack the night before. The upshot -- which of course I'll make positive, since that's how I view life -- is this.
Health Apps Fail First Full Checkup. Yet mobile device-aided health care, called mHealth, attracts a lot of attention and dollars, as U.S. National Institutes
Greening Away the Girth. Did you know that access to parks and green spaces increase physical fitness? Seems obvious, right, but now there is a growing body of evidence demonstrating that parks are good for your health.
The Education of a Vietnamese American Writer. Finding and following my passion and path in life is a bit like that. Scary. Delightful. A struggle, to be sure. But once I dove into that pool, I took to the water. And I kept on swimming.
It's All in Your Head!. I think of successful weight loss as being like a three-legged stool. One leg is a healthy diet, one leg is consistent exercise, and one leg is the correct mindset. Without it, the stool comes crashing down.
Weight Loss. The takeaway? Don't just eat healthfully, choose your time wisely. Of note for the Spanish study, the timing and content
What Does it Mean To Be Smart?. The idea of \smart\ vs. \dumb\ is outdated and unfair. It is an idea that is, forgive me, quite dumb, past its prime and past its time. Instead of talking about \smarts,\ we should be talking about adaptation.
The Purpose of Fishing. Fishing is a great way to relate to the unknown. It's compelling and surprising that we always return to places where we've caught something to wait, when there's no reason to think that anything will ever break surface in the same place twice.
Feeling the Fall of Lance Armstrong. The masses are taking shots at reviled cyclist Lance Armstrong. If you want to jump on the bandwagon, that's your business. Although if you do, you're falling into the same trap that he did.
The Science of Pet Peeves. The yoga world's in a minor uproar -- again.  And once more, it's training its fire on New York Times Pulitzer Prize-winning science journalist William Broad.
Driving To Work Packs On More Pounds -- Even If You Exercise. \Simply achieving the amount of moderate physical activity otherwise recommended won't provide enough compensation to overcome
Folic Acid And Cancer. For the analysis, the researchers combined data from 13 separate trials that randomly assigned participants to daily folic
The Burpee Workout. The burpee is the ultimate full body exercise. There's a reason why football teams, CrossFit practitioners, and elite military
I Lost Weight. How I Lost It
Can't Sleep? Drug-Free Alternatives That Really Help. These effective therapeutic practices are inexpensive, drug-free, easy to learn and integrate into a daily routine, and can be very effective in improving sleep.
Overcome Your Lateness. What Kind of Late Are You? The first step toward timeliness, says DeLonzor, is self-awareness. Sit down and go over your
Acid Reflux Medications Are Big Drug Muggers Causing Many Side Effects. Regardless of what medication you take, it can be a drug mugger of essential nutrients, thus causing all sorts of side effects. Take a look at all of the potential side effects resulting from nutrient depletion, which might (if they go unrecognized) get you diagnosed with a new disease.
Seasonal Affective Disorder. What is Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD) and how do you know if you have it? In the video above, Howdini's Denise Richardson
How to Be Your Own Couples Therapist. When we take these steps of interrupting harmful behaviors in our relationship and identifying patterns from our past, we start a journey of self-discovery that can be both deeply painful and richly rewarding.
The Craze Behind 'Happiness'. Happiness is not dependent on what the number on the scale says or whether you get that promotion at work or marry your college crush. Happiness is the ability to recognize and be okay with the fact that you won't always feel -- well -- happy.
3 Paths to Instant Well-Being. I've discovered six paths that lead to well-being -- some work instantaneously and some generate a much more lasting result.  This week, I'll focus on the ones that work instantly.
Goldie Hawn Is Revolutionizing the World's Education System. The ability to recognize emotions within the brain is probably the single most important tool children should learn. Self-awareness and self-regulation are one of the tools that the MindUp program is teaching children.
How Negativity Creates Fear. When things are uncertain and you don't know what's going to happen next, the brain attempts to make up an ending. The narrative is usually negative, and it's these negative thoughts that lead to catastrophic, worst-case scenarios and devastating thoughts.
7 Reasons Why Connection With Self and Others Is So Important. Not experiencing loving connection as a child can lead to feeling a deep yearning in adulthood. Unfortunately, trying to get this connection from others, rather than learning to connect with ourselves and others, can lead to many personal and relationship problems.
Five Minute Workout. Ben Greenfield, Fitness and Triathlon expert, Get-Fit Guy podcast host
The Sleep Industry. Sleep is one of life's great free pleasures. Yet apparently many consumers feel they have to drop a lot of money in order
Are Sore Muscles A Good Or Bad Thing?. More from YouBeauty.com
Two Words. Savoring the sorrow of life could seem antithetical to moving forward. Yet, I found that embracing sorrow has strengthened my resolve.
Put the Patient in the Driver's Seat by Enhancing the Role of Radiologists. As radiology increasingly plays a central role in our health care system, we need to make sure the information patients receive is clear, accurate and useful in their decision-making process.
Baltimore vs. San Francisco. In the days leading up to the Super Bowl, there will be plenty of talk about the Baltimore Ravens and the San Francisco 49ers
Going Through Tough Times Spurs Consumption Of More High-Calorie Foods, Study Suggests. Researchers found that the study participants who were exposed to the adversity and struggle posters and given the supposedly
Ashton Kutcher Fruit Diet. Ashton Kutcher's leading role as Steve Jobs in the biopic \jOBS\ -- which recently premiered at Sundance -- took an immediate
Why I Go Red in February. Women are being targeted. We are falling prey to a silent enemy. An enemy most of us didn't even know we had. But it has its sights set on us. And in 2010, it was set on me.
Walking Pneumonia. Symptoms of \walking pneumonia\ include chills, cough, shortness of breath and fever, though other, less-common symptoms
GPS Guide. For more GPS Guides, click here. GPS Guides are our way of showing you what has relieved others' stress in the hopes that
Feed the Wolf of Love. We feed the wolf of love with heart and with hope. We feed this wolf by sustaining our sense of what's good in other people, what's good in ourselves, what's already good in our world, and what could be even better in a world we can build together.
13 Reasons To Do Bodyweight Exercises Today. Why Bodyweight Exercises Kick Butt 1. Super-efficient workouts. Unless the goal is to look like Arnold circa 1977, the days
The True Meaning of Success. \Where has the time gone?\ \There aren't enough hours in the day.\ These are statements that we struggle with daily. We are so caught up in achieving that we forget to savor, breathe and recognize the present moment.
A 3-Minute Practice To Make Inspiration Soar. Here\u2019s another simple breath practice you can try right now. It\u2019s called a 4/4 breath, and here\u2019s how you do it
7 Easy Things You Can Do For Faster, Better Sleep. Does your bedtime routine involve shutting down your laptop or sending that last text and expecting to fall straight to sleep
My \Get Through It\ Playlist. Exhaustion seems to make me a more forgiving listener.
Healthy Brunch. It's something of a weekend ritual
Frequent Multitaskers Aren't Good At Multitasking, Study Shows. \One of the main reasons people multitask is because they think they are good at it,\ study researcher David Sanbonmatsu
Stars as My Guide. It's important to honor and acknowledge your past, to tease lessons from the stories that make you, you.  But at some point the past becomes a crutch, something to fall back on when you're uncomfortable in the present or fearful of the future.
Disconnect to Reconnect. While I hope not everyone will have to experience the tremendous loss I dealt with, we all need to take some \me\ time and filter out the spam of life.
Sleep Needn't Be a Nightmare. I can usually tell how well my clients have slept the night before within about five minutes of starting our session. We all know how important sleep is, and we all know that without adequate sleep, things can go awry fairly quickly.
We Tried It. We worked our glutes and core and learned how to get over ourselves -- and threw up a few jazz hands.
The Alphabet of Happiness. Happiness has many aspects
Try Something New. Try something new. I promise that you will be glad you did. This is the perfect time to think about the future. Rather than
Bearing With Coke. I share my colleagues' visceral opposition to everything Coke. But I think we may be letting our abdominal viscera get the better of vital organs situated higher up.
10 Tips for Safer Exercise. Fine-tune exercise accordingly so that while your program remains challenging, you avoid overdoing it.  Set yourself up for success by establishing a routine that works for you and that includes proper nutrition, adequate rest and sufficient water intake.
Smokers Who Quit Before Age 40 Could Live As Long As Non-Smokers, Study Finds. The researchers found that smoking was linked with living 10 fewer years than nonsmokers. And people who had never smoked
You Can't Choose Your Family, But.... How do you take care of someone you may love but who you just don't like? It's nonsense for anyone to tell you to just block out the past and make today a fresh start. So let's take a look at several steps.
Happiness. For more by Suza Scalora, click here. For more on happiness, click here.
Stay Fit At Home. 2. Take Commercial Breaks Commercial breaks are built-in reminders to get up and move around -- as long as you don't find
Mast Cell Tumors in Dogs and Cats. Mast cell tumors occur in both dogs and cats. Although some are benign, most of these tumors are malignant.
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (Jan. 25-31). Even momentarily concentrating on healthy solutions rewires psychological patterns to receive and share healthy sexual love in the present.  Here are three meditations with the themes of shame, trauma, and kindness for you to ponder and practice this week.
Peace Yourself Together. While loneliness and isolation do not always lead to violence, and while they are not the only causes of violence, they are often a contributing factor to it. Learning how to transform isolation, in ourselves and others, thus can help facilitate not only inner peace but also social stability.
Integrative Medicine. We live at an exciting crossroads in the world of health care. Ancient medical systems like Ayurveda and traditional chinese medicine are as accessible as modern medical treatments like pharmaceuticals and surgery.
The Imperfections of Perfect. When we try to be perfect, we become disconnected to people, and most importantly ourselves. I would love to see more celebrities and people, get more real. Be who you are. Live simply. Stop the obsessive planning and precautions.
Two Mental Health Red Flags That Could Save Someone's Life. As a psychologist, I've been asked frequently about red flags or warning signs that may contribute to violent or aggressive behavior. For the most part, dozens of interpersonal red flags can be summarized by two alarms
Learn From Your Mistakes. Nobody is perfect. Anyone who thinks this way suffers from what Schulz calls \hubris nemesis,\ which translated from Greek
Happy Tails for SAD Pets. Can seasonal affective disorder affect our pets? It turns out the answer is yes. And the urge to eat more, exercise less, and act a little grumpy is not a uniquely human experience.
How Hugging, Kissing And More Displays Of Affection Help Your Health. Earlier this week, a researcher at the Medical University of Vienna spread some good news in honor of National Hug Day. He
Here's One Way to Make Childbirth Safer. I am glad that Johnson renewed the much-needed attention to the dangers of childbirth. But I hope that his piece does not reignite the overly-simplistic midwife vs. doctor debate. What we need is a healthy dialogue between these two groups of experts.
6 Tips to Get Your Doctor to Listen. Have you tried to tell your story, only to have the doctor interrupt with a list of questions? This advice should help.
Plastic Surgeons. Plastic surgery is more than skin deep.  Reconstructive surgery, which Dr. Murray also excelled in, continues to push the field forward, with implications far beyond cosmetic procedures.
How To Pick A Healthy, Whole-Grain Product. A new study from the Harvard School of Public Health identified 545 grain products, looked at them through five different whole-grain criteria, and evaluated which criterion best measures the healthfulness of the product.
The Quiet Heroism of 'Right Living'. Quietly going about one's business -- putting in time as an IRS agent, serving in the army, working toward winning the Heisman or performing small acts of kindness for their own sake -- is a noble and satisfying pursuit. Far easier said than done, but surely not impossible.
Picturing Proper Portion Sizes. For weight loss and health, it's not always what you eat that matters, but how much. Here, learn to visualize proper portion
I Lost Weight. Since starting my journey, it has become obvious to me that what I really want to do is help others achieve their wellness
Twitter Could Be Useful In Tracking Disease Outbreaks, Study Suggests. Talk about going viral. The researchers examined the frequencies of the tweets, as well as the content of the tweets to see
Living From the Heart. As women, multi-tasking and doing it all, we have allowed our brains to take over and run the show. In many ways, this has been necessary to get us where we are today, but at some point, our brains got a little bit power-happy.
The Mighty Oyster Mushroom. Of all mushrooms commonly consumed, oyster mushrooms in the genus Pleurotus stand out as exceptional allies for improving human and environmental health.
A Path to Guaranteed Happiness. Compassionate service is a simple and always accessible path to happiness. It doesn't require years of mediation, practice, or great study. It requires that you open your heart and feel our common humanness, our inextricable interconnectedness, and see the sacredness of each of us.
Gluten-Free Labeling in the United States. It has been five years since the statutory deadline for final rules on gluten-free labeling, and the FDA has taken no final action. Five years. It is time for the FDA to do something.
Alcohol Disrupts Sleep Patterns, Review Shows. \In sum, alcohol on the whole is not useful for improving a whole night's sleep,\ study researcher Chris Idzikowski, who
Why Men Retreat and Women Go Wild. At work, the man is active, articulate, proposing and usually successful in his conversations, especially with other men.  But at home he becomes more inactive, inarticulate, and withdrawn.  His apparent passivity drives her crazy.  He retreats. She goes wild.
Being Your Own Means of Motivation. The biggest lesson I learned from JV cross-country is that motivation comes from within. It's helpful to have a team, a coach, family and friends, or cheerleaders to show support, but ultimately, the only cheerleader that matters is you.
One Small Sign of Society's Unraveling. Coffee used to be communal. It meant friendship, family, a kitchen table conversation. An unassuming pot called everyone
Prevnar 13, Pneumonia Vaccine, Approved For Kids Ages 6 To 17. Jan 25 (Reuters) - Pfizer Inc on Friday said U.S. regulators had approved wider use of its Prevnar 13 vaccine to prevent
NSAIDs Can Cause Kidney Damage In Dehydrated Kids, Study Shows. More from Everyday Health
Anti-Smoking Bill Backed By Russian Lawmakers. Deputies applauded as the bill sailed through the State Duma, with 442 votes in favour, one against and one abstention. MOSCOW
'I Decided Not to Die'. The potential for making lasting New Year's resolutions was driven home to me during a recent walk around the pond, near my house.
Stop the Binge Drinking, Ladies. I will always feel sadness and regret that I didn't do more to save my sister.  By sharing her story, I want to honor the good and kind person that was taken away by the bottle.  My fervent hope is that someone reading this will decide that today is the day to stop drinking.
Swine Flu Infected 1 In 5, Death Rate Low, Study Shows. The study, which used data from 19 countries, collated results from more than 24 studies involving some 90,000 blood samples
Oxytrol. This can then lead to frequently needing to urinate, sudden urges to urinate, and incontinence, which is leaking of urine
X And Z Drug Names Favored By Pharmaceutical Companies. \It includes both X and Z ... and the name is really key to the product profile,\ the Brand Institute executive said, explaining
Is Life Unfair?. The world is neither fair nor unfair. Everybody is in pursuit of their happiness. It is your business to learn and pursue what is yours.
Try to Imagine. Imagine that who you were, the way you spoke, moved and behaved was seen as wrong and in need of fixing. Just try to imagine what that must be like. Try to imagine what it might be like to be autistic.
Awakened Hearing. We have, as a culture, grown increasingly deaf to our inner selves. With frenzied minds, surface attachments, and noise levels on the rise, we are moving ever farther from tuning in to the temples of our bodies.
Auriculotherapy. The swath of tiny studs in Penelope Cruz's ear\u00a0isn't\u00a0the latest piercing fashion - it's auriculotherapy, a form of acupuncture
Lightning Could Spur Headaches, Migraines. Researchers found that the study participants had a 31 percent higher headache risk on the days when lightning struck within
Stressed? How To Stay Focused When You're Under Pressure (VIDEO). Stress is a vicious cycle
Who Cares What You Do. Are these the only questions I can come up with? Absolutely not, but it seems they are the only ones that are socially acceptable to ask within the first five minutes of meeting someone. This drives me crazy, because the interaction is both boring and mildly irritating.
Pill-Tracking Device Could Monitor Whether You're Taking Your Medication. A previous version of this post misidentified the New York College of Health Professions. Initial development for the pill
Enlightened Leadership. Offer your selves, your vessel, and your boat by developing a greater, long-term relationship to life and appreciating one's meaningful part in the whole. There is no sitting back. Life is precious and tenuous; handle with prayer.
Brittle Nail Causes. Our editors explain this common condition and what you can do about it.
The Top 3 Brain Foods of 2013. #1
10 Tips to Discover Your Personal Dharma. If you take discovering your dharma too seriously, you may not actually be able to see it. It helps to have a light touch.
Simple Truth to Love, Security and Recognition. The simple truth is that happiness is not found in having all the love, security and recognition you can possibly have.  It is found by balancing those three ideals based on who you are, based on your own needs.
Migraine Triggers. A new study examined the relationship between those assumed triggers and the occurrence of migraine attacks with aura (visions
Finding the Juice in Small Steps. Our goals (if we've created them correctly) are inspiring and attractive and exciting to us. But all those small steps to get there? Ugh.
60 Must-Read Health And Fitness Blogs For 2014. Whether you scroll through 'em while sipping that morning cup of coffee or use your lunch break to catch up on the latest
Potential AIDS Cure, Discovered By Australian Medical Researchers, Modifies HIV Protein (VIDEO). \What we've actually done is taken a normal virus protein that the virus needs to grow, and we've changed this protein, so
From Seed to Plant. In his book Anatomy Trains, author Tom Myers developed a model of this interconnectedness in terms of the soft tissues of the body. Muscles, tendons and ligaments are not individual parts, Myers proposed, but rather are organized in large networks of fascial structures.
Stop Yo-Yo Dieting For Good. More from Shape.com
Fighting Cancer. Opportunities are being missed, and time and money are being wasted.  We all know people who are struggling with cancer and the intense challenges of the current treatment protocols. The needs are urgent and the time to act is now.
Bobby Flay Fit. Watch the video above for more of Flay's smart steps toward healthy living -- and click over to the Food Network for more
Beta Carotene Could Lower Risk Of Diabetes For Some, Study Finds. Beta carotene, the nutrient that gives red and orange fruits and vegetables their color, might lower a person's risk for
Paula Deen. Together, the four have lost 178 pounds total. Deen's husband, Michael Groover, is down 60 pounds, according to People, while
Yoga and Stress Relief. The spine is the heart of the nervous system, according to Khouri, which makes perfect sense. Tension in the low back or
The Voice of Reason. Imagine if that tiny print on prescription bottles could be heard instead of squinted at. Voice-guided instructions may indeed be helpful to patients in every age population, with a variety of medical needs.
Yoga and the Workplace. Even though I live and preach this stuff, I am stunned by the difference a few moments of breathing and movement can make in my comportment and mood.
For Some Chemicals, Less Is More. For decades many scientists have believed that \the dose makes the poison\ -- a chemical may be harmless in small amounts but devastating in higher amounts.  But this latest research demonstrates that endocrine-disrupting chemicals act differently than other substances.
Target Practice for Idiots. For more on wisdom, click here. Strangers are easy. Oftentimes, so are the people with whom we work. Especially if the work
Incubating Winter's Dreams for Creative Restoration. Do not be tempted to fall into another \winter of discontent.\ What you seed with your thoughts will show itself in your life this coming year.  Take care to plant well, to allow what you plant in your mind to germinate creatively, beautifully.
Melamine Can Leach Off Bowls And Into Food, Study Finds -- But Risk Of Harm Uncertain. Craig Langman, who studies kidney diseases at Northwestern University's Feinberg School of Medicine in Chicago, said that
Most People With No Armpit Odor Are Still Using Deodorant, Study Shows. The no-odor gene is also linked with dry earwax (versus sticky earwax), which is how people may be able to tell if they possess
If You Were Moving To Another Planet, Who Would You Take With You?. Life is a journey meant to share with those close to us, and if we want the quality of our daily  experiences to be as good as they can be, we need to decide who is most worthy of sharing our life with.
5 Questions to Ask Your Doctor About Chemo. While individual health care decisions in the wake of a cancer diagnosis belong to the patient, there are some questions that my mother asked -- or didn't know to ask until things went awry -- that may be helpful for others to keep in mind when chemotherapy is presented as an option.
Why You Should Do the 'Impossible' (And How, Because I Know It's Hard). I'm a big believer that anything is possible. That \crazy\ business idea you have. Running a marathon when you presently get winded climbing the stairs at work. Taking a year off to travel the world. An amazing relationship with the great guy you're convinced doesn't exist.
Protecting and Projecting Your Personal Brand in 2013. When we find an interest that adds meaning to our lives and to those around us, our life becomes more fulfilled. Our personal brand becomes glossier on the inside and on the outside. In essence, we are being the person we are most proud of.
How to Tell If a Loved One Has Dementia. If you find yourself faced with these 10 signs of dementia, please get help for your loved one. And seek help for yourself too, so that you can deal with your loved one's illness effectively.
Letting Go of Fear. Every moment each one of us has the opportunity to choose to live with our eyes wide open, shining the light of truth along our path. Realizing who and what we really are, our entire world becomes illumined and we expand into the immensity of life.
Curls for Your... Core?. Biceps curls are a staple in many men's workout routines. They also happen to be a staple of ridicule in the training world. But I think we might be rushing to judgment by convicting the curl -- which, as it turns out, might be a great core exercise!
Bring Your Own Stilettos (BYOS) Exercise Class. As a surgeon who performs bunionplasty surgery to help women return to high heels and pointy-toed shoes, I can only encourage women to consider exercise programs that are aimed at strengthening the feet and legs.
Lessons in Letting Go. I study the painting, the face of my past. I miss my brother. But even as the tears roll out once more, I feel a love and connection that will never leave. I take a deep breath as the bigger picture settles my soul.
'Talk to Your Doctor' May Not Help if You Have Diabetes. While celebrities rail on TV, \Diabetes doesn't control me, I control my diabetes,\ first, you have to know that you have it.
Scientists Find Way To Trace Concussion-Related Tau Proteins In Former NFL Players. The preliminary results of the small study from UCLA researchers are published in the American Journal of Geriatric Psychiatry
6 Surprising Health Benefits Of Cold Weather. Yes, it's bitter out there, but there are a few silver linings to the chilly temps.
Energy Bars And Sugar. When you\u2019re feeling hungry at the end of the day, it\u2019s easy to unwrap an energy bar. These bars have been formulated to provide
How Yoga Makes You Happy. Once we feel unified and connected, we will access a deep well of joy that does not diminish when shared. Yoga doesn't just lift our spirits. It lifts our lives. It opens our eyes to the essence of who we are, and therein lies peace. Therein lies the happiness.
The Now of CrossFit. I focused straight ahead at the white wall, and dropped fully into the present. My mind quieted and my body took over.The seconds between deep gasps for air were filled with thoughts of nothing beyond my next breath.
Gut Health Linked to Heart Disease and Stroke. The connection between the gut microbiome and human health is currently being explored as part of the Human Microbiome Project. This project has inspired a new wave of research into the effects of the gut microbiome and is delivering interesting findings.
Tips to Claim Your Authentic Voice. It's all too easy to allow negative thoughts, anxiety or even fear of the day to be overwhelming. On those days, we become strangers to ourselves and others.
3 Moves To Improve Your Pushups. The best way to get better at push-ups is to do them, says CrossFit trainer and EVF Performance owner Eric Von Frohlich. But
Your Life Is a Work of Art. I believe that life is truly a work of art when we are true to our natural gifts and talents. How we relate to others -- and how we do our work -- are creative expressions.
Secrets Of People Who Never Get Sick. \Secrets Of People Who Never Get Sick\ originally appeared on Health.com By Alicia Potter Wish you could be one of these
5 Reasons to Do What You Say You Will Do. Before I get into the importance of keeping your word, let's explore some of the reasons for not doing this. If you are a person who doesn't do what you say you will do, what is behind this behavior?
Meeting My Selves. We blossom and outgrow selves the way butterflies emerge from cocoons. Except that being human, we have the chance to emerge from many cocoons. This poem tries to look back at the many selves I've lived in.
Why Downplaying the Obesity Epidemic, Even in a Single Story, is Hazardous to Public Health. The headlines this time of year usually tell us how to shed pounds fast and get healthy with a pill, a gadget, or a procedure. This year, however, the message has been slightly different.
Manti Te'o and His Crisis of Character. This is a crisis of character for Manti Te'o.  Scouts around the NFL and people around the country are wondering what Manti Te'o is made of.  They wonder if his judgment and character are as non-existent as Lennay Kekua.  I hope he figures it out and proves them wrong.
Car Crashes Are Deadlier For People Who Are Obese, Study Suggests. People who are obese are more likely to die in car accidents than people of normal weight, according to a new study in the
PCOS May Get New Name. Polycystic ovary syndrome is a disorder caused by imbalances in sex hormones, including the female hormone estrogen and the
Ability To 'Hold Your Liquor' May Raise Alcohol Abuse Risk, Study Suggests. \What's important is that many people believe that if they can hold their alcohol, they are at low risk for alcohol problems
The Amazing Power of 'I Don't' (Rather Than 'I Can't'). It's hard to motivate yourself to adopt new habits, but it's even harder to rid yourself of old ones.  More often than not, it's the latter that keep us from becoming the person we really want to be.
Things To Try Without Technology. By Sam Ferrigno for HooplaHa.com. For many of us, it can be tough to imagine unplugging for a couple of hours
Why We Sneeze And Other Fun Facts About Sneezing. By Beth W. Orenstein Why do we sneeze? The long-standing answer has been that sneezing is a reflex. When irritants -- such
How To Beat Stress For Better Sleep (VIDEO). Making a list is a good place to start, health and lifestyle reporter Ylonda Caviness says in the video above. \Get it out
Flies, Angels, and Cake. We are either a product of brute biology -- how we are designed -- or of culture, and designs of our own. To some extent, inevitably, it must be both. But how the balance is struck is itself subject to evolution, and we may lend a guiding hand. We may mix the batter.
Restoring Peace. Here are six reasons why meaningful relationships with nature may -- in concert with other approaches -- bolster mental health and civility and reduce human violence in our world.
When Is it Good to Have a Few Close Friends?. What kind of friends do you have? Have you got a few people in your life that you spend a lot of time with? Have you got a larger number of acquaintances that you see on occasion? Which is better?
Hiding From Others... and From Ourselves. Remember, the greatest form of brainwashing is simply repetition. For some people, the repetition is within their own inner talk and thus, over and over, the negative is reinforced again and again. You can choose to stop that today, and I urge you to do so.
Coca-Cola Makes You Thin?. You would think that half a century would be enough time for a company that brands itself as a nutritional innovator to keep up with the science, but in its new anti-obesity commercial, \Coming Together,\ Coke continues avoiding the real issues of obesity.
Lighten Up Your Winter Diet. During the long winter months, you may find yourself craving heavier meals and comfort foods. Maybe it's because the cold weather keeps you indoors and comfort foods are more convenient, or you feel nostalgic for certain foods when winter rolls around.
Is There a Mind/Body Connection in Hypertension?. If day-to-day stress and anger and anxiety are not causes of hypertension, do I believe that there is a mind/body connection in hypertension? Yes, I absolutely do. But the connection is very different from what most people think.
Aspirin May Raise Risk Of Age-Related Macular Degeneration, Study Suggests. Another study, published in 2011 in the journal Ophthalmology, showed that people who take aspirin twice a day have a doubled
What To Eat After A Workout Reader Intelligence Report. How do you refuel after an intense exercise session? What's your secret to staying satisfied without going overboard? Read
You Can't Run Away From Your Real Education. Megan P.S. My special thanks to Facebook, a true revolutionary tool, for without you... none of this could have happened
How Ya Doing Today, Mr. Como?. When the plane landed in Atlanta, I was in for a second surprise. I made my way from coach to the exit door, and there was
What Are You Waiting For? Make Changes in Your Life Today!. If only you were less stressed, had more free time, or felt better in general with respect to a certain life area -- what changes would you now make in your life?
Workplace Engagement Linked With Healthier Lifestyle, Report Shows. \Regardless, since engaged employees are more likely to lead a healthy lifestyle, workplaces that actively improve engagement
Dental Crisis Looms for California's Children. California needs real leadership in oral health. California has not had a dental director in years. Without a strong office of oral health, led by a dental director, California is missing opportunities to ensure children have the best dental care possible.
How to See Life Through Divine-Colored Glasses. To sync with Billy and his new dimension of bliss, I try to emulate what he's doing up there down here. How could I see the
New 100Plus Mobile App Knows How Healthy Your Future Self Will Be. More from Greatist
Did Perfectionism Fuel Armstrong's Pervasive Lies?. As the world watched Lance Armstrong finally admit that he had repeatedly used banned substances to fuel his unparalleled Tour de France wins, many were left with a pervasive, nagging, \Why?\
Living a Meaningful Life. As a teacher and a healer, what I have learned is that not everyone who says they want to heal and be happy really means it. In order to achieve wholeness and personal happiness, people have to be willing to let go of their loyalty to stories of \not good enough\ and \didn't do it right.\
Breaking the Spell. In a modern global world that increasingly encourages a 24/7 connected lifestyle, it is important that each of us manages to find balance, harmony, and coherence within our inner states.
Remembering Past Meals Could Help You Feel Fuller, Study Suggests. Naturally, \because we're hungry and it tastes good\ is an answer, but this just begs the deeper question of what call, exactly
20 Quick And Healthy Egg Recipes. Eggs are the breakfast, lunch and dinner of champions. Rich in protein but low in calories, they make the perfect base for
I Lost Weight. My advice to you if you are looking to get healthy and lose weight is to stop waiting and start doing! There is never going
Presidential Health Lessons. Today, President Barack Obama will celebrate being sworn in for his second term, bringing about four more years of -- among
Snowboarding Linked With Increased Injury Rate On Slopes, Study Finds. Last year, Johnson and his colleagues found that snowboarders accounted for 19 percent of injuries at one ski mountain in
Unhealthy Habits. Habit
The Silver Lining of Mental Illness. Mental illness can no longer be stigmatized as we hide our heads in the sand.  Let's recognize that when well managed, symptoms can provide the color and nuance to our lives and shame has no place.
Goals and Souls. How do you know if you are ready to let go of setting goals? It's important to recognize that the conflict is not you losing your mojo as much as it is a sign that you need a new form of container for your aspirations. Goals have become too junior for you.
How Can We Remember What Really Matters in Life?. Today I'm reminded that one of my biggest challenges is to do first what really matters -- and  to do it before I respond to the siren call of getting as much done as I possibly can.  And I know in my heart I'm not alone.
Trees Linked With Human Health, Study Suggests. The researchers found an association between areas that had been affected by the emerald ash borer beetle -- which kills
Smoke-Free Laws Linked With Fewer Child Asthma Attacks. Similar anti-smoking legislation has been introduced in many other countries, including in the United States where it has
Doonya, Bollywood-Based Workout, Combines Aerobics With Indian Dance. She said the workout can burn 600 calories if done full-out. \We always make sure there's a warm up,\ she explained. \Then
Beating the Winter Blues. If we don't manage emotional energy or negative thoughts about the future during this time of year, it can lead to the winter blues. Trying to enjoy the quiet spirit of winter but not being able to can make anyone feel out of step and add to a feeling of isolation.
50 Things I Learned in My First 50 Years, Part 2. 39. Home cooking is never overrated. 37. Every single person has something to teach us and share with us. Look for it. 31
Best Places to Live if You Want to Lose Weight. Which metros give you a fighting chance to get back into fighting shape? Instead of doing crunches at the gym, we've been sitting at our desks crunching the numbers to figure it out.
Bedroom Items That Keep You From Sleeping. Getting quality sleep is tied to so many things
Mindfulness Meditation May Soothe Inflammation. By Alysha Reid \Mindfulness Meditation May Soothe Inflammation\ originally appeared on Everyday Health. Psychological stress
Sliver in the Soul. Life is not all rosy all the time.  Sometimes we get a splinter in our soul.  Something is there that doesn't belong and until we get it out -- all of it  out -- it is painful.
Caring For A Flu Patient? How To Stay Healthy. The best way to limit contact with a family member or roommate might be to create what the CDC calls a \sick room,\ a separate
Start With Heart. When I realize that I am withdrawing, I then take a moment to self-inquire to see if my energy matches my goal. Ultimately
Preventing and Treating Influenza With Natural Medicines. Vaccinations and antiviral drugs are not the only options available for preventing and treating influenza. There is some scientific evidence that that certain nutrients and herbs may also be useful.
How to Tell the Difference Between Your Life's Calling and a Whim. We're all put here with different personalities, passions and skills. If you feel called to make art, then you were put here to make art. If you feel called to write, record, build, design, speak or explore, then you were put here to do just that.
Dread The Scale? 5 Reasons You Can Skip Weighing Yourself. Not really. In my private practice, I've found that for some people, the scale is nothing more than a simple reality check
Self-Discipline Isn't Unlimited. Ever wonder why it's easy to call forth self-discipline one moment, but difficult in another? Several years ago, researcher Dr. Roy Baumeister, a professor of psychology at the University of Florida, pondered the same question.
How to Stay Positive in Challenging Times. Everything is a mirror. We cannot change the reflection, but we can change the original (ourselves), and then, automatically, the reflection changes.
Do You Want to Feel More Confident?. Second-guessing and doubting ourselves can be deadly. It kills our enthusiasm for embarking on a big project, getting involved in a new relationship, and the list goes on. When doubting yourself rears its ugly head, here are ways to put down the monster.
Healthy Comfort Foods. There's nothing like a heaping plate of mac and cheese, a steaming mug of hot chocolate or a crispy grilled cheese sandwich
Flu Vaccines. VaxInnate's flu vaccine is in mid-stage clinical trials. On Wednesday the company signed a license agreement with Emergent
Strawberries And Blueberries Could Decrease Women's Heart Attack Risk. Surprisingly, researchers found that this association held true even for women who otherwise included a lot of produce in
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (Jan. 18-24). Even momentarily concentrating on healthy solutions rewires psychological patterns to receive and share healthy sexual love in the present.  Here are three meditations with the themes of domination, shadow, and sexual heat for you to ponder and practice this week.
Avoid the Knife (and Drugs) With Alternative Therapy. We are in control of our health, and can and should be proactive. Without physician referral, it is imperative that we take upon ourselves the initiative to research and explore these and any natural therapeutic options.
Watching the Waistline in Winter. How easy it becomes to pack on the pounds during the cruel months of winter. Fear not... With a little discipline, a little planning, and a firm resolve, you can beat back the wolves of winter weight.  All it takes is a few new strategies for exercising and eating right.
Losing the War Against the Grays. Like powerful divinities, grays remind us of our impermanence. They are cues that we are getting \old,\ which is a descriptor used by the young to signal that which is no longer en vogue. In other words, pack your bags and prepare for transcendence.
Flu Mistakes. You're right to want to do whatever's in your power to stay flu-free this season, especially given the severity of this year's
Yoga For Beginners. Soft and slow in pace, yoga can help relieve stress and still give you a challenging enough routine to burn calories, tone
Is Waterboarding the New Motivational Weight Loss Technique?. If I were running The Biggest Loser, it would be the most boring TV show ever. People losing a few pounds a month doing light exercise for short periods of time doesn't have the same ring to it.
Doctors Behaving Badly in Social Networking Sites. Investigations into online inappropriate physician conduct will be up to the state boards. Online behavior from physicians and any other licensed health care professional should mimic their professional life offline.  It's imperative that professional ethics is maintained online and offline.
Memories of Those Who Mattered. These were the people who shaped lives, who shaped my life. They weren't famous enough to get an obituary in the big newspapers. But they were the people who cared, who gave me moments each day that I looked forward to.
Watch. For more by Sura, click here. For more on meditation, click here.
Unhealthiest Foods. By Keri Gans for U.S. News More from U.S. News
Most Common Reasons For Seeing A Doctor Revealed In New Study. Surprised by these findings? Let us know in the comments! If you've ever sat in the doctor's office and wondered what, exactly
Flu Outbreak Still Widespread In U.S., But Starting To Ease, CDC Reports. Despite continued reports of spot shortages, Frieden said it is not too late to get vaccinated. (Reporting by Julie Steenhuysen
How Food Photos Can Make Us Healthier. Every Thursday, Greatist staff writer Sophie Breene scours the Web for the cheesiest, chocolatiest, avocado-iest, most melt
I Lost Weight. Name
What You Think Becomes How You Live. The subconscious mind accepts whatever you choose to believe. What you choose to think about yourself and your life becomes true for you. We have unlimited choices about what we can think about.
How Loudly Does Your World Speak?. Fatigue got you down? Post-vacation putting you in a funk? Listen to your body and try to tease out those lessons before the warning signs speak even louder!
Benzos, Stimulants and Sleeping Pills. If you decompress, you become more efficient and less anxious, and you sleep better. Slowly integrating other healthy lifestyle choices such as exercise and good diet can help you rid yourself of the need for the high-performance cocktail.
Meditate... Now!. Meditation will change your life -- drastically, and there's a very good chance it is the answer you are looking for. In the short term, it provides more focused attention, ability to deal with emotions, and fulfilling relationships.
De-cluttering. We get used to being uncomfortable. It's expected. Clutter busting is about becoming aware of -- and doing something about -- the discomforts in your life.
Health Departments Facing Drug Shortages For Treating Multidrug-Resistant Tuberculosis. The final results of the 2010 survey were released on Thursday and cited by the Centers For Disease Control and Prevention
Sickies Stay Home. As etiquette deals with behaviors and interactions, etiquette also has something to say about contagious individuals traveling among us.
Premature Reports of Nails in CAM's Coffin. Many unpatentable modalities in the realm of complementary and alternative medicine do not inspire huge and costly trials. We need such trials to know for sure what does and doesn't work.  In the absence of them, we need to avoid a rush to judgment.
A Message to Humanity. Humanity needs to accept its imperfections, and do the best we can with them to aspire to higher goals. Wars, poverty, and suffering are not acceptable realities for us.
4 Steps to Self-Actualization and Becoming the Best Version of You. To achieve self-actualization, when you conquer one thing, you must move on to the next. Self-actualization does not require any tricks or tools. To reach this level, you need only to accept who you are and then take the steps necessary to becoming the best version of you that you can be.
2013. \Fatigue\ turned out to be the perfect word for what many people were beginning to feel after a few years of hyperconnectivity, information overload and always-on living.
You Can't Hurry Love. With time, patience, and the right tools and resources, every dog will eventually settle in. And there are few things as gratifying as knowing you are providing a bright future to a dog with a dark past.
How To Stick To A Workout Plan. By Alyssa Lee \How To Stick To A Workout Plan\ originally appeared on Health.com Starting a workout program is one thing
FDA Recommends Lower Doses of Popular Sleep Medications. Last week, the Food and Drug Administration issued an announcement that could affect millions of Americans who take some of the most common medications for sleep.
Chemical Foods and the Science That Will Save Us. Michael Pollan, esteemed writer and noble defender of the dinner table, has been a leading crusader for real food. He is undeniably right, but we should be wary of demonizing all science surrounding nutrition in the publics' eye.
Food and Mood. Our eating habits provide the building blocks (nutrients) for our bodies to create the chemicals we need. And each food has different amounts of particular blocks. If the building blocks aren't provided in adequate amounts, our bodies react with symptoms.
Asthma and Arthritis Medications Are Drug Muggers. Corticosteroid treatment has been associated with many side effects. The most noted is increased loss of bone mineral density, causing a predisposition to osteoporosis.
How to Be Happier Every Day. Intentionally make these six simple habits a regular part of your day and you can look forward to a very happy new year.  Make the old you a happier you!
FluBlok. The FDA announced that the vaccine, called FluBlok and produced by Protein Sciences Corp, is different from other vaccines
Cancer Deaths Decreasing In The U.S., Report Finds. The results are \a milestone that shows we truly are creating more birthdays,\ American Cancer Society CEO John R. Seffrin
New Deer Tick-Borne Disease Discovered, Caused By Borrelia Miyamotoi From Blacklegged Ticks. Borrelia bacteria are found wherever deer ticks and Lyme disease are found, with most occurring in the U.S. Northeast and
Mass Murder. Is there anything that can be done by the field of mental health to reduce the rare incidence of murders by people with serious mental illness?
What Kind of Friend Is This?. My client found it unbelievable.  \Here I am 37 years old,  a wife, a mom, a nurse valued by patients and staff, and I am hurt -- no, correct that, devastated -- by a supposed friend and her group of friends.\
What Habits Do Happy Couples Have?. I'm a member of a happy couple. My wife and I... This question originally appeared on Quora. Answer by Marcus Geduld, Programmer
Joyful Effort. By being mindful of what you are thinking or doing and alert to whether it is non-virtuous and/or meaningless, you can learn to quickly recognize when you have fallen into the trap of acting non-virtuously out of habit and ignorance.
Small Steps Help Us Lose the Butt... In Our Resolutions. My resolution has to be bigger than my \yabutt.\ Too often I would resolve to make important changes, only to have a yabutt negate my ability to successfully complete the resolution.
Social Stigma For Migraine Sufferers Similar To That Experienced By People With Epilepsy. \It's often thought of as a weakness of character as opposed to a biological disease,\ Dr. Jason Rosenberg, an assistant
GPS for the Soul. I also know that it can be very difficult for people to find even 10 to 25 minutes a day to meditate if they have kids. That being said, I'm always encouraging people to find any way possible to do meditation techniques to reduce stress.
Sleep Better While Sick With A Cold Or The Flu. Why you should be careful about reaching for the cold medicine.
Mental Illness, Patient Confidentiality and Gun Control. The requirement to discretely disclose individuals who are mentally ill and potentially violent could reduce stigma by helping to lower violence rates.
A Resolve to the Resolution. If you want to live out your passions, create a better life for yourself and those around you, and want real and meaningful success, you have to move. Period.
The Science of Junk Food Addiction and How to Break the Cycle. Another way to protect ourselves is to supplement wisely. There are a number of natural formulas that help reduce cravings
Chicken Noodle Soup. Have you tried any of these foods as a remedy? What's your go-to food when you're under the weather? Tell us in the comments
Lance Armstrong's Livestrong Legacy Stained By Doping-Cancer Link. Now that Armstrong's titles have been tainted by his admitted use of performance-enhancing drugs, questions have also been
Spirit of Help. In taking a leavened, eyes-open view of our controlling emotion, we see through it and experience the curious and novel landscape beyond that of incapacity. When we honor its transparency, and accept it for what it is, helplessness is transformed into helpfulness.
Anxiety, Drooling May Be Early Signs Of Parkinson's Disease, Study Suggests. Before the classic movement problems of Parkinson's disease appear, more benign-seeming symptoms -- such as anxiety and drooling
What Lance Armstrong and Bernie Madoff Have in Common. What do Lance Armstrong and Bernie Madoff have in common? Are they a different species from each other and from us?  No, they are all too human.  Like many of us, they want to be superhuman.  The difference?  They feel driven and entitled to go for it at any cost.
Coca-Cola Anti-Obesity Ad. The advertisement asserts, among other claims, that the company has worked with school systems to offer bottled water and
Reading the Fine Print on Cancer Treatment and Side Effects. Researchers found that nearly one-third of reports on large, randomized studies over-emphasize some benefits of therapy. In the majority of reports evaluated, the investigators found insufficient attention or discussion of treatment side effects.
Health Information. More than half of Americans have used the Internet to answer their health questions, according to the latest research from
Success Clues From the Movies. Awards season is upon us.  Like it or not, for the next few weeks we'll be hearing a lot about movies.   So I might as well pitch in.  From time to time I am asked what makes a \spiritual\ movie.
HAPIfork. If soup is your thing, they\u2019re also working on a HAPIspoon. Which should cause quite a stir. HAPIfork maker HAPIlabs says
Allana Maiden Starts Change.org Petition For Victoria's Secret To Start Line For Women Who Have Undergone Mastectomy. \Victoria's Secret is supposed to make women feel beautiful, yet the women that deserve that feeling the most get left out
Guitarist Dick Wagner's Struggle With NPH, 'Curable' Dementia, Raises Awareness For Condition (VIDEO). \I am like a new man almost overnight,\ Wagner told ABC. \For five years, I couldn't even pick up a guitar -- I didn't have
Alzheimer's Vaccine Shows Promise. The researchers used mice with Alzheimer's disease to test the potential vaccine. Over a period of 12 weeks, the rodents
Skin Cancer-Spotting Apps Are Inaccurate, Study Finds. The fourth app, which did okay, actually used board-certified dermatologists to review images. It was the most expensive
Prison Yoga. Also on HuffPost
Study. A new study in Appetite is among the first to evaluate the types of foods promoted by U.S. supermarkets and compare them with current dietary guidance.
Ayurveda for Detox With Dr. John Douillard. In his video, Douillard focuses on using ayurvedic traditions to remove toxins from the body in order to feel healthier, happier and lighter. Feeling good allows us to show up for our lives with energy and strength.
Joy Secret Number Five. Generosity, or the lack of it, plays a huge role in every area of our lives, yet we rarely openly discuss it or explore it -- or teach it specifically to our children!
Yoga's Mental Health Benefits Analyzed In New Review Of Studies. Researchers from Duke University analyzed the results of 124 trials on how yoga can benefit people with certain neuropsychiatric
I Lost Weight. Got a success story of your own? Send it to us at success.stories@huffingtonpost.com and you could be featured on the site
The Long-Lasting Effects Of Meditation Are Beneficial. Meditation has long been used to calm the mind and the body, but the long-term effects of such practices are difficult to
Top 5 Myths About Bulimia. Breaking through the common myths surrounding bulimia nervosa can help lead to healing. Understanding the truth may be what leads you or someone you love to getting the help that is needed to overcome this deadly disease.
Identity-Based Habits. The reason why it's so hard to stick to new habits is that we often try to achieve a performance or appearance-based goal without changing our identity. Most of the time, we try to achieve results before proving to ourselves that we have the identity of the type of person we want to become.
5 Important Things Your Feelings Tell You. Our feelings are always informational -- a profound source of inner guidance. I encourage you to value your feelings and listen to what they are telling you, rather than ignoring and avoiding them.
Top Tips for Dry Winter Skin. Baby, it's cold outside! The holidays may be over, but dry, itchy winter skin is still in full effect. With less moisture in the air, there is less moisture in our skin, and sadly, indoor heat can be just as dehydrating.
Doctors or Dinosaurs?. When you visit your physician -- or general practitioner -- what usually happens?  They usually give you a referral.  Even if you don't have the type of insurance that requires referrals, if you have anything that requires a skill set beyond giving a flu shot, you will be referred elsewhere.
The Myth of Finding Your Purpose. Just thinking about \finding your purpose\ exercises can make folks sweat and pace -- especially this time of year. Like it or not, we're at a precipice. We're being called to leap into new beginnings and all that jazz.
The Most 'Xtreme' Meals in America. Since 2007, the Xtreme Eating Awards have become an (almost) annual tradition. Today, we unveil the latest \winners.\ What we found is extreme by anyone's definition. Take a look at our nine dis-honorees.
My Family Is My New Bucket List. Since Christmas, I have tried to slow down my pace. I am trying to take things more in stride, but doing so can be a very difficult job for a driven entrepreneur.
How Adversity Adds Meaning to Life. We are not passionate about things that are easy. We are not engaged wholly by the things we have all the answers to. We are driven by our passions in part because we haven't quite mastered them.
The Healthiest Way To Gain Weight. \If you're trying to gain weight healthfully, don't fall into the trap of chowing down on pints of ice cream, cheeseburgers
POM Wonderful Health Claims Were Deceptive, FTC Finds. POM said in its emailed statement that it undertaken $35 million in research to substantiate its health claims. It said it
Rumi and Kabir Bowling. What follows is an homage to Rumi and Kabir -- my fantasy of how the two of them might have spent an evening, in a bowling alley, knocking back some brewskis, if they were alive today.
What to Do When Someone Pushes Your Buttons. Are you willing to choose personal responsibility over taking things personally? I certainly hope so! Here is a 10-step process you can use when your buttons get pushed.
TV Time Before Bed Hampers Kids' Sleep. If your child's nighttime routine includes a big dose of TV before bed, a new study suggests it might be taking a toll on
5 Tips to Avoid Knee-Replacement Surgery. Once thought of a disease in the elderly, osteoarthritis is becoming more and more common in women and in younger patients. Here are five steps you can take to keep your knee joints healthy and avoid the knife.
Twitter Can Aid Weight Loss Goals, Study Shows. In the USC study, 96 overweight or obese adults were randomly assigned to either listen to two podcasts per week about nutrition
Doctors Frequently Fail To Detect Alcohol Problems In Patients, Study Finds. Height? Weight? Any changes in your health? Do you smoke? Simple screening in the doctor's office can help clinicians pick
How To Avoid Temptations Of Immediate Gratification. For impulsive individuals who repeatedly make decisions that satisfy their current desires at the expense of their future
The Time-Saving Rule That Most People Think Is Stupid. I admit it, I have a blind spot; I have a hard time spotting bad intent. But viewing the world through a lens of mistrust creates problems, as well. When you walk around expecting people to treat you badly, they usually do.
Exercise Can Boost Flu Shot's Potency. As this year's influenza season continues to take its toll, those procrastinators now hurrying to get a flu shot might wish
Early Surgical Menopause Linked To Cognitive Decline. By Jaimie Dalessio The real question for women considering hysterectomy comes down to the ovaries, says Streicher. It's an
Coke's Ad on Obesity Is Brilliant -- Where's the Well-Funded, National, Anti-Soda Counter-Marketing Campaign?. Obesity prevention funders can continue to fund dozens of small local or regional anti-soda/anti-junk food campaigns that will have limited impact. Or, they can try something different -- like banding together and funding one brilliant national counter-marketing campaign.
HuffPost Q&A. We have gained too much from the reductionistic probings of science to abandon them.  But we are losing much -- including lives every day -- for failing to see past them as the circumstances warrant.
Why There Are Flu Vaccine Shortages. Hamburg noted that while temporary spot shortages are being experienced, people who still want to be vaccinated can visit
9 Ways To Get Fit From The Couch. By Jessica Smith for Shape.com Find out how your sofa might be the best fitness tool you're not using. More from Shape.com
Are You Ready to Speak Your Truth?. Look at your own life and remember times when you've cheated, lied or done something wrong on whatever level. How did it make you feel, regardless of how small the incident?
Flu Fight 2013 Closes Schools, Halting Kids From 'Sharing Secretions'. Some hospitals, for example, are limiting visitors. Portsmouth Regional Hospital in New Hampshire is going as far as to keep
Combating the 'Dips' in Life. Here is where we have to work hard to generate what came to us so naturally in the beginning. We have to purposefully get ourselves into those feelings again, recharge, and forge ahead.
The Wayfarer. Martha Beck's most recent book, Finding Your Way in a Wild New World, is both brilliant and filled with life-changing insights.  I sat down with Beck for a half-hour phone chat about the book.
Meditation, Demystified. Meditation is a mystery to many in the Western world.  Sure, we've all heard of it, but most say they \don't have time\ to slow down for it and others say they simply don't know how or they've tried it and couldn't do it \right.\
Science Suggests Drinking Green Tea Can Prevent Cancer. Although modern medicine continues to take leaps and strides in significant areas of disease and illness, there are many simple remedies we can implement into our lifestyle that may help ward off future diseases.
Can Yogi Chai Tea Help Weight Loss?. Drinking tea is one of the easiest and most natural ways to lose body fat. Current research reports that green tea catechins can increase fat burning and boost abdominal fat loss.
Chronic Fatigue Syndrome. Over the past two decades, chronic fatigue syndrome has won acceptance by the medical establishment. But much about the disorder -- its causes, its mechanisms in the body -- remain largely unknown.
Winter Horoscope. A rare, sizzling mutual reception between Mars in Aquarius and Uranus in Aries will boost your sex life between December
One-Minute Meditation. To be \transcendent\ means not only to acknowledge that there are things in the world that are bigger than me (for example, God and gravity) but to live for the larger things -- which means having the humility to yield to these higher ideals.
5 Steps to Building a Great Partnership With Your Doctor. You may be dissatisfied and frustrated by the way your medical care is today, but there is a way to make it better. You hold the key to transforming your health, beginning with establishing a solid partnership with your doctor.
Life Is a Highway. Five \I\ questions
The Fitness Myths That Hold You Back, and How to Succeed. One of the biggest fitness resolution killers is pain. The question we need to ask
Professional and Living With ADHD. Q
5 Disclaimers From Popular Workouts. Sure, they're great for some, but these workouts are hiding something. Consider yourself warned. Read more on Shape Magazine
The Most Extreme Form of Nonviolence. The yogic path labels nonviolence as \ahimsa.\  According to this tradition, violence is any act that inflicts harm onto not just other people, but onto oneself.
Wellness Trends. - Globally, cancer is thought to be the top disease people think will kill them, though heart attacks are also of utmost
Havana Cholera Outbreak. ARMY OF HEALTH PERSONNEL The illness runs its course within a week, making it relatively easy to track, but at the same time
9 Natural Ways to Prevent the Flu This Winter. 3. Exercise Like water, exercise has immune-boosting effects. It also enhances circulation, reduces stress, and offers another
What We Can Learn From Aaron Swartz. Life is and can be incredibly stressful. If we do not have the tools we need to handle that stress, our emotions can get the best of us. When our distress level becomes elevated, rational thinking (being able to clearly see all of our options) ceases to exist.
Changing the World From the Inside Out. If we genuinely want to end war, inequality, and abuse, then we need to end the war within ourselves and cultivate kindness toward all, equally. The enemy within ourselves can become our friend by transforming it into our ally.
Get Better This Year by Being Practical. My belief is that when we improve, we feel better. And when we feel better, life is richer. And when life is richer, there is no limit to what we can accomplish.
A Brand-New Word!. Like the soul, the Voocule is not something that can be actually seen or picked up or even located.  Therefore, it may require some mental gymnastics to understand.
Crossfit. \I do give them a little sticker [if they puke],\u201d Hollis Molloy, a trainer at CrossFit Santa Cruz told Livestrong.com. \u201cBack
Tendencies. Up to that point in my life, I had thought of hardships as inexplicable events happening to me and others and viewed strength as the ability to endure these unwanted circumstances. Such endurance is certainly a strength.
10 Natural Ways To Avoid The Cold And Flu. Once you feel that telltale tickle in your throat or the first sniffle of congestion, it's too late. Symptoms for the flu
Maya Massage. My first experience with Maya Abdominal Massage left me feeling rested, connected, and curious about the origins of this unique treatment.
Wake Up to Health. It's a new year, literally a new age... So let's wake up to health in a totally new way! Why not change perspective? Here are some suggestions how.
Lessons From the Fast Lane. I was in the mood to try something entirely new and different, something that would shake up my routine and give me a fresh perspective on life. Zipping around a racecourse at more than 100 miles an hour seemed like just the thing, provided I didn't kill myself.
I Lost Weight. On Dec 15, 2012, I passed the ACE Personal Fitness Trainer exam, my goal for 2012. I am no longer diabetic, and that diagnosis
You're Wasting Time at the Gym. I have nothing against gyms. You just need to ensure that your daily physical activity is not reliant upon whether or not you can make it to the gym.
Yoga. This is an interview with Kimberly Moon, who after a decade of human services work and practicing yoga began to merge these in the clinical work she was doing with at-risk youth in a residential treatment center in Massachusetts.
Got The Flu? What To Do If You're Stuck At Home. We now know that the 2012/2013 flu season will go down on record as one of the most severe in the past decade. While we haven't
American Health Is Life Years Away. Would we fall off the edge of the earth if we produced only enough to live healthy, peaceful lives? After the startling results brought to light in a recent health report, many are questioning whether it is better to strive for high corporate growth at the expense of life expectancy.
Diagnosing and Preventing the Unfathomable. Following a public act of unspeakable horror, like the shootings in Connecticut or Aurora, mental health professionals are asked to explain why or how a person could hurt others so profoundly. And then we are asked how to identify such people and prevent these violent acts.
The Simple Truth to Waiting for Perfect. There is a tremendous difference between waiting for a 100 percent perfect moment, and making 100 percent of the opportunity given to you.  That difference starts well before any opportunity comes along.  It starts with you believing in yourself.
Does Drinking Soda Cause Depression? Not So Fast. The study doesn't show that soda causes depression, but rather found an association between the two -- soda drinkers were more likely to be diagnosed with depression. It is important not to confuse the two.
Trying to Find a Balance. In order to find my balance, I have to confront my intimacy and trust issues head on.  My fight against corruption hinges on my ability to stand through the storm.  My ability to stand depends on my balance.
7 Ways to Practice Mindfulness in the Technology Age. Technology is here to stay.  Why not embrace it and use it to raise our levels of presence?  We can do this by tuning into our breath, our feelings and bodily sensations.  This lets us know how we are relating to technology in the moment.
When Is Worrying OK?. When was the last time you felt zero stress, no stress at all? Don\u2019t know? That\u2019s right -- the only time you have no stress
Sitting And Your Health. Think you spend too much time sitting? You may move more than you think. That was Dr. James Levine's surprising finding on
Eating Disorder Not Otherwise Specified (EDNOS) Explained. Individuals with EDNOS experience severe disturbances in their eating behaviors -- such as extreme reduction of food intake, overeating, or purging -- and often have feelings of extreme distress or concern about body weight or shape.
Thoughts on Titans of Yoga. This film is about 25 of the most prominent modern figures who practice and teach yoga, meditation, and other mindful practices in the Western culture. They share stories of how they were introduced to yoga and how the practice has transformed their lives for the better.
The Bicycle Diaries, Part 3. Although I would never say that I am \grateful\ for having had breast cancer, I am pleased with the change in course that breast cancer catalyzed for me.  Apparently, life is what happens while we're busy making other plans.
How to Avoid Phthalates (Even Though You Can't Avoid Phthalates). f you're like me, you're already failing at most of your New Year's resolutions (I'm still not making my bed every day, and I haven't been to a yoga class yet in January). One goal that I am tackling in earnest? Banishing phthalates from my home once and for all.
The Tip of the Wellness Iceberg. Your state of overall wellness is directly tied to how you handle (or refuse to handle) questions like your self-worth, the real meaning for your life, your reason for being or your role in the universe.
The Flu Thrives Without Paid Sick Days. It is during public health crises like these that we are reminded of the grave consequences of our country's failure to let workers earn paid sick days.
Why Can't You Have Your Best Year Yet?. Other than letting go of our reasons why it's not possible, there is nothing more useful we can do to make this a great year. Doing so is the heart of your personal transformation.
3 Simple Steps to Get the Love You Want. Our relationship with love directly influences our ability to love others in the world; and the deeper we can tap into our own love source, the more genuinely we can share it with others.
Being Bored At Work Could Boost Creativity, Study Suggests. The findings have yet to be published in a peer-reviewed journal, so they should be regarded as preliminary. But still, this
Gwyneth Paltrow's Steps Toward Mindful Eating?. Mindful eating is not a diet.  There are no menus or recipes.  It is about being more aware of how much and what you are eating. It is also breaking out of mindless habits.  It's a way of eating that you can incorporate into your life for the long run.
Extreme Breast Cancer Prevention. The news that 24-year-old Allyn Rose, Miss District of Columbia in this year's Miss America competition, is planning to have both of her breasts removed in the near future is the latest case of what we might call \extreme breast cancer prevention.\
Silent Retreat. Coming into silence with a busy mind is like leaving the fast, crowded highway, pulling into a small fishing village with one dock, one store, and the water slowly lapping at the sea shore.  We jump out of the car excited to find such a place, and then what?
What Does Your Body Reflect About You?. I enjoy a good tarot card or personality test reading every now and again. I am not offended by the notion that I could learn more about myself through a new lens. But years ago, when my life coach suggested my body was also a \reading,\ I was taken aback.
To Achieve Inner Peace, Take a Mini Vacation. Life can get fast-paced and demanding, causing an overload of stress. Employ your free choice and take a three-minute, refreshing vacation. You can afford three minutes. Your productivity will go up after you reenergize from this vacation.
Diet Trends, Trendy Diets and Other Mistakes We Resolve Not to Make in 2013. The temptation to go on a fad diet and lose and gain, lose and gain, and lose and gain some more, is overwhelming for celebrities, as well as the rest of us. Want to know what really happens with some of these wild and crazy fad diets?
The 8 Best Physical Therapy Methods Explained. Traction Best for
'Don't Be So Negative' and Other Interesting Advice. No one deliberately says something hurtful to someone diagnosed with a disease. But sometimes, it comes out, and it's hard to stop.
Compound In High-Fiber Foods Could Slow Prostate Cancer Progression. For more ways a high-fiber diet can do your body good, click through the slideshow
Health Lessons We Can Learn From The Golden Globe Nominees. With any luck, hosts Tina Fey and Amy Poehler are going to bring down the house at tonight's Golden Globe Awards. For anyone
7 Ways To Fall Asleep Faster. Can't get enough z's? Try these tips so you can rack up some quality beauty sleep and wake up feeling -- and looking -- refreshed
'Death Clock' In Bangladesh Aims To Raise Awareness About Tobacco-Related Deaths. (Reporting By Serajul Quadir; Editing by Myra MacDonald) DHAKA, Jan 13 (Reuters) - Bangladesh unveiled a \Death Clock\ in
U.S. News Ranks Best And Worst Diets For Heart Health. The latest rankings from U.S. News.
Training by the Numbers. As a personal trainer and nutritional consultant, I get asked a lot of questions. Apparently, while not everyone actually goes to the gym or follows a specific diet, everyone is certainly curious about it. And, for some reason, every query seems to start with \how much,\ \how little\ or \how often.\
Be the Master of Your Emotions. Your emotions don't have to get in your way! That's the best news. The trick is to realize that you can gain mastery over your emotions rather than it being the other way around.
To Better Yourself, First Be Yourself. What if we started out believing we are acceptable and can best contribute to society first by being our true self? If either we don't know or ignore what we have been given, we disconnect from our source of strength -- our uniqueness.
Dog And Cat Keeping You Awake At Night? How To Catch Those Elusive Zzz's. And when they nudge you in the night? Landsberg says if their medical, physical and mental needs have been addressed, you
Motivational Video, Headspace. What is the best time of day to meditate? Andy Puddicombe, \The Mind Man,\ weighs in on the topic in the video above. Watch
Beauty and the Boy. Even as our acceptance of less rigid gender roles grows in other areas, the pressure on boys to be \toned and muscular\ represents a return to a traditional notion of masculinity and what it means to be a man. The message
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (Jan. 11-17). Even momentarily concentrating on healthy solutions rewires psychological patterns to receive and share healthy sexual love in the present.  Here are three meditations with the themes of impotence, ulterior motives, and gratitude for you to ponder and practice this week.
A Pilgrimage to Bhutan. In this place, alone with my daughter Rachel, with a few simple things, walking and walking, it seems complete enough. Even the drama of death and divorce seem distant, part of the endless cycle of life, not something to dwell in, to linger on, but to face, absorb and pass on.
Winter Blues and How to Make New Year's Resolutions Stick. Why do we seem so incapable of accomplishing a goal that we set for ourselves and truly desire? Part of the answer has to do with timing. Winter is not an ideal season to successfully execute big changes.
Giving Up Control. If you're struggling -- if you're feeling out of, or the need for, control -- it's less likely that something's wrong with the object of your desires, and more likely that there's something you've been unwilling to give up in order get what it is you say you want.
Sleepless (Seahawks) in Seattle. As a sleep researcher who focuses on how sleep affects elite athlete, I have studied the effects of travel and disrupted sleep on athletes for many years.  The combination of cross-country travel and athletic performance is not pretty. Travel and circadian timing matter.
I Lost Weight. I still do the elliptical about 20 to 30 minutes a day, five days a week. I'll also lift weights four days a week. I lost
6 Ways to Shrink Your Belly (And 5 Don't Include Exercise!). If you're looking to get rock-hard abs, remember that proper dietary choices is your first step, but from there a comprehensive fitness program and targeted ab exercises will help you achieve your goal.
What Is All This Distraction Doing to Our Brains?. It is important for us to realize what too much multitasking can do to our brains. Some interesting brain research from Your Brain at Work by David Rock tells us that to focus more effectively, we must retrain our mind for uninterrupted concentration.
Surfing a Tsunami. Restoration after a sudden trauma is not easy, but it is possible. In fact, you can even learn how to surf your tsunami, moving through it with skill and grace.
A New Year, A New Way to Exercise With Your Dog. It's early in the New Year, and no doubt many have vowed to exercise and get into shape. But do you look at your dog and feel guilty that you're working out instead of playing with him? How about incorporating your dog into a cardio, calorie-burning workout?
How Our Obsession With Perfections Makes Us So Imperfect. This idea of perfection -- no flaws, no issues, no problems -- seems to infiltrate all our lives at one time or another. And like the yearning for perfection in the workplace, we also yearn for perfection in other aspects of our lives.
Why Can't I Curb My Cravings?. Although curbing cravings can be difficult, particularly if you are already in a pattern of indulging, it is possible to better understand your cravings and make even small changes that have a lasting impact on your willpower.
Leptin. \Hormone May Play a Role in Asthma-Obesity Link\ originally appeared on Everyday Health. Leptin affects the airways by decreasing
Pancreatic Cancer. Survival rates are higher when the cancer is caught early, but even early-stage pancreatic cancer has a very low five-year
Flu Symptoms. \u201cReports of influenza-like-illness (ILI) are nearing what have been peak levels during moderately severe seasons,\u201d Dr. Joe
It's All About Your Hours, Minutes, Seconds. Our hours are arranged not to be lived, but to be gotten through. We slice them at the neck -- a sacrifice for something we may want to buy.
Flu Outbreak. Flu activity is considered \high\ in 24 states and \moderate\ in 16 states. Five states with \low\ flu activity are Nebraska
Simple Math. Whether the issue is working out at the gym or continuing a business practice, we're creatures of habit.  And there's nothing wrong with habits -- they can keep us on track. The problem is when habits become \dead zones,\ void of mindfulness and awareness.
Flu Myths. Your mom warned you about going outside without a coat (or with a wet head). Was she right to worry?
Do You Suffer From Social Media Anxiety Disorder?. At the end of the digital day, understand that we live in a busy world that operates 24/7. Sometimes you just need to take a deep breath and go to sleep. You might feel better about it in the morning.
A Simple Test to See if You're Kidding Yourself. When you kid yourself, then you don't actually have to do anything that causes change or ill feelings. Just think of what might happen if you add in some more good stuff and subtract some of the stuff you hate. Imagine it. Then make it so.
WATCH. Greatness is inside -- probably more than you know. How great are you willing to be? Since your enhanced greatness benefits not just you, but also so many others (perhaps the whole world), I hope this video will help you allow more of your greatness to shine through.
The Surprising Reason Why We Break Promises. For some people, I've noticed, saying you are going to do something feels just as good as actually doing it. How can we understand these promise-breakers, whose intentions start out both genuine and admirable, but who never seem to act on them?
Mind, Heart and Soul. What I have learned this year is to never run from reality, to face it head on with your mind and heart; it is about staying on the ground with your two feet, and instead of looking outside yourself for the magic, never being afraid to know that it exists within you.
Arianna Talks 'GPS For The Soul' App On Bloomberg TV. Arianna Huffington spoke to Bloomberg TV about her new de-stressing app, \GPS For The Soul.\ The app measures heart rate
Creating Rituals. Initiating a ritual is often difficult, but maintaining it is relatively easy. What rituals would make you happier? What would you like to introduce to your life?
Broom-swept. Despite the earlier lesson we endured, I'm positive that as outraged teenagers my sisters and I spent years stomping up the
Flu Outbreak 2013. \To tell you the truth, I'm terrified of needles,\ said Yokubaitis, as she sat in a waiting line for the shot on Thursday
Patients, Beware When Doctors 'Go Bare'. Because uninsured doctors are undesirable defendants for most personal injury lawyers, when any Florida medical malpractice lawyer investigates a potential claim, one of the first questions asked is, \Does the doctor have malpractice insurance?\
Tredaptive, Cholesterol Drug, Withdrawn Worldwide By Merck. Jan 11 (Reuters) - Merck & Co Inc said it would withdraw its cholesterol drug Tredaptive from markets worldwide after European
5 Ways To Achieve Balance In The New Year. \5 Ways To Achieve Balance In The New Year\ originally appeared on Health.com Plan Tomorrow Plus Two At The End Of Each Day
So You've Broken Your New Year's Resolutions... Now What?. Now that you know what resolutions you won't keep, which ones are you now actually ready -- no, more importantly committed -- to stick to and make happen for you?
Walking Linked With Decreased Stroke Risk In Women. Researchers had the participants report how many hours a week they spent exercising, as well as their medical history, lifestyles
Women Should Choose Miracles Over Fear in 2013. Gabrielle Bernstein is a bright and shining light, a feminine voice of great impact. When Gabby mentioned her new book, May Cause Miracles, I asked if we could sit down together and chat about our parallel missions to elevate the feminine in 2013.
Watching TV Can Help You Realize Your Eternal Self. A meditation practice leading to the understanding of our eternal self as awareness gives us just enough separation from our internal soap-opera production for us to be a little more loving, less fearful and controlling, more aware of the needs, hopes and dreams of another.
Marines Expanding Use Of Meditation Training. While preparing for overseas deployment with the U.S. Marines late last year, Staff Sgt. Nathan Hampton participated in a
Let's Move, Let's Run. There are so many physical, mental, and emotional benefits to even a simple running \routine.\ No fancy equipment needed, no teams to make -- just a pair of shoes and some guidance and encouragement.
Pilates Arm Workout You Can Do Anywhere and Anytime!. Many of us think of Pilates as primarily an ab sculpting core workout, but Pilates is great for toning the entire body. This Pilates-inspired arm workout can be done in your home, at your office or in your hotel room.
12 Weird Places To Try Yoga. Even the most advanced yogi can fall into the rut of a boring routine. Since yoga is such a flexible sport -- you can even
Sublingual Immunotherapy Could Decrease Sensitivity To Peanuts In People With The Food Allergy. By the end of the study period, 70 percent (14 out of 20) of the people who received the sublingual immunotherapy had a decreased
The Truth About Diet Urban Legends. By Elizabeth Goodman Artis for Shape.com Full disclosure
The Impossible. When you're viewing a tragic story so close to reality, here's my advice for appreciating, yet also coping with, a movie about it.
Deepak Chopra. The Buddha's mandate was to try to end suffering. My goal is much less lofty
HPV In Men. We're honoring Cervical Health Awareness Month by bringing you the latest information on human papillomavirus, the virus
Sometimes. Sometimes doing everything you can is not enough.\nSometimes your best isn't good enough. \nSometimes things don't work out the way you want. \nSometimes it just isn't fair.
Looking for Admiration? Serve Some Veggies!. Cornell University's Food and Brand Lab has a new argument that can certainly appeal to moms, dads and any other food provider who wants to be a hero
Exercise Excuses. By Anna Davies for YouBeauty.com If talking about our plans to get fit were an athletic activity, we would all be in great
GETHealth Summit to Address Health Workforce Shortages in Developing Countries. We look forward to a highly interactive format and welcome health care, IT and education innovators, leaders and other stakeholders from around the world to join us in New York at the United Nations on February 6 and 7 for the GETHealth Summit.
The Fitness Myths That Hold You Back, and How to Succeed. Are you one of the many people who have made a New Year's resolution to exercise regularly and get more fit in 2013? Are you also one of the many who have made the same resolution in the past just to keep it for a couple months, or perhaps a week or two, or maybe not at all?
Cat Scratching. When you have your scratching surfaces ready to go, they need to be placed where they'll be used. Remember, clawing is in part a marking behavior for your cat, so it's likely she's returning to the same place to scratch.
Letting Life Live Through Us. Everything is alive; the whole world lives inside us. As we let life live through us, we experience the boundless openness of our true nature.
Flu By State. If you live on the East Coast or most places in the middle of the country, you're probably already facing \intense\ flu activity
Cold Weather Pain. Cold, wet winter weather doesn't just make for shorter days and miserable commutes to work -- it can also make pain a whole
Inexpensive Tips For A Healthier Bedroom. Your bedroom should feel like a healthy sanctuary. Bring a new sense of comfort and grounding to your sleep haven with these
How to Change Your Mindset to Achieve Your New Year's Resolutions. How can we stack the cards in our favor? How can we make it more likely that we will be consistent with the changes we set forth to make and actually see a lasting change in our life? One of the keys is in the way we think about our goals and the language we use to describe them.
BPA Linked With Potential Heart And Kidney Problems. \BPA Linked to Potential Heart and Kidney Problems\ originally appeared on Everyday Health. The FDA supports efforts to replace
When You Really Love a Friend. There are many of you who are going through the pain of dealing with the illness of a loved one. You need to keep your energy going the same way we do to help your person pull through. There is something strong about positive thinking, meditation, and the power of family and friends.
There Is No Stress in Life. The reason I don't promote particular techniques for stress control is because I have come to see a simple truth
Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy. Right now, CTE is only definitively diagnosed after a person has died, Brainline.org reported. Therefore, most of the focus
Flu Vaccine, Tamiflu Shortages Reported By Drugmakers. However, it said \we do not have the pediatric vaccine for children aged six months to four years old due to its unavailability
The Allure of Pain Meds. It wasn't until after my surgery for cancer at 21 that I took my very first painkiller. But like many others before me, I made the fatal error of mistaking drugs for happiness.
Why 2013 Will Be the Best Year Ever. Whether you are aware of it or not, globally, we are energetically clearing old paradigms, belief patterns and conditionings that have, essentially, kept individuals isolated and separate. Humanity is re-awakening to a sense of oneness.
Some Barefoot Runners Tip Orthodoxy Back on Heels. But the initial research into barefoot runners focused on a particular group of unshod runners--the Kalenjin, of Kenya--who
Life on Planet Cancer. I am an alien -- any young adult who has gone through cancer is. But being at First Descents was the first time in the last year that I felt like maybe I wasn't alone on my planet.
2013 and Miracles With Tara Stiles. I recently had the great pleasure of sitting down with my dear friend Tara Stiles to talk about our New Year's resolutions, our new projects and our positive outlook for the year to come.
I Lost Weight. For more on weight loss, click here. Name
Finding Recompense in Remarkable Ways. Marianne Williamson's strength is the way she boils down complex dogmas into simple truths. At one point, she says, \You think you have many problems, but really you have only one
Evidence. If you live in the U.S., you are absolutely bombarded with the idea that being overweight is bad for your health. \u00a0This repetition leaves one with the idea that being overweight is the same thing as being unhealthy, something that is simply not true.
Joy Secret Number Four. Reverence is that rare quality of being able to see the God in everything, to see the spiritual side of things and recognize the amazing nature of everyone and everything and how it all connects
What Is the Science of Happiness?. The field of positive psychology operates from the premise that we ought to acknowledge both the light and the dark sides of life. It focuses on positive elements of life such as character strengths, positive emotion, resilience, purpose, positive relationships, and creative achievement.
Diets Through History. By Lesley Rotchford Fad diets come and go, but the idea of dieting itself has been around for centuries. From President Taft
The Big Oversight in Our Obesity Conversation. My biggest concern is that solely focusing on weight impedes the health movement's progress. Such a clinical and quantitative frame gives very little thought to -- and leaves no room for a conversation about -- socio-political and environmental factors that pose a threat to our health.
New Year, New Values, New Spirit. This year, may we discover and embrace our own purpose, passion and power. May we accept our responsibility and our personal rule. May we take our ideas and our skills and use them to create a viable, safe, sustainable and sane world for us all.
The Zen of New Year Goal-Setting. I can't compare myself with my social media peers out there. I know there isn't perfect balance in anyone's life. I know what works for me and I need to stick with my own formula for \success.\
Overweight Britons Who Refuse To Exercise May See Cuts To Health Benefits Under New Proposal. Under the new policy recommendations, which have been laid out in a report entitled \A Dose of Localism
Skyla. The IUD, called Skyla, is aimed at younger women who have not had children. During a trial of 1,432 women aged 18 to 35 years
Why I Created a One-on-One Cancer Support Network. Although I had my network of support in my family, friends and doctors, once I started introducing myself to these fellow cancer fighters I realized that they were providing me something valuable that my caregivers could not
Groupons For Medical Care. Health providers often see good results after an initial offer, but the patients who come in for treatment frequently don't
Don't Do the Diet. The problem with this \good\ and \bad\ idea or thinking about food and eating is that it leads to weight gain over time.  You end up on that yo-yo cycle.  Even if it is not a ton of weight, you gain and lose that amount over time and you simply train your body to weigh more.
Corporations Are Embracing Mindfulness. Mindfulness. If you're not yet au fait with the concept, it might be a good idea to familiarize yourself with it now, because
My Top 10 Predictions for 2013. Those are my predictions, and I'm sticking to them. \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 Photo credit:\u00a0vestman Since then, I've continued to predict trends
Bilingual Adults Have Sharper Brains, Study Suggests. According to Dr. Ellen Bialystok, the lead researcher in the study, bilingual adults were found to have a greater cognitive
A Conversation With the Talented Writer, Blogger and All-Around Amazing Julia Bascom. A year ago, I found Julia Bascom's blog, and it changed my life. Within the last year, Julia created the video \The Loud Hands Project.\ This video, together with Julia's blog, is mandatory viewing for any and all who are even remotely interested in autism or know someone on the spectrum.
What Is the Least Amount of Exercise You Can Do?. When the discomfort and difficulty of making a change is too great, you won't. Therefore, instead of focusing on the gap between where you are and where you \should\ be, lower the bar so low that the temptation to step right over it is irresistible!
Huffington This Week. There's a growing consensus among military doctors, researchers, and veterans themselves, that conventional treatments aren't always enough to help vets navigate the consequences of PTSD -- from unemployment and domestic violence to substance abuse, anxiety, and suicide. In this week's issue, David Wood writes about a tool increasingly used to help veterans confront the many challenges waiting for them when they return home from war zones
How Will You Measure Your Year?. If used mindfully, the calendar is a wonderful tool with which you can measure your year before living it -- intentionally pacing yourself with a rhythm that suits and honors your life spiritually, mentally and physically.
Cultivating the Pefection of Wisdom. Wisdom is the Bodhisattva perfection that brings true and lasting happiness as well as the end of all suffering. With the attainment of this virtue, a Bodhisattva becomes a fully-enlightened being. He or she knows, from experience, the complete path to enlightenment.
Stories. Amongst my friends, being happy isn't enough.  Being successful doesn't cut it.  Being in a loving relationship is but part of the plan.  They want to leave a mark on the world. It is one of the reasons I love them.
77 Healthy Crock-Pot Recipes. Crazy schedules, long work hours and tempting takeout menus make it tough to even think about cooking most nights during
Workout Secrets From Gwen Stefani's Former Trainer. 5. Assisted Triceps Dips Sets
Weight Loss Surgery Side Effects. Some weight-loss surgery patients may develop ulcers at the site where the small intestine is connected to the pocket created
Metabolic Stress Identified As Possible Risk Factor For Atrial Fibrillation. This is the first time that metabolic stress has been linked to irregular heart rhythms in the upper chambers of the heart
What Good Can It (Psychotherapy) Do?. Within most adult folks there is an inner wisdom that would offer great assistance in resolving the impasses of our life. Therapy is about accessing our inner, innate wisdom, not replacing it with someone else's.
Quitting Smoking. It's no secret that smoking raises the risk of a whole gamut of health problems, from cancer, to lung disease, to early death
Jane Brody Gets It (Really) Wrong 'Debunking' Health Myths. With all the nutrition misinformation out there, one would expect Jane Brody and The New York Times to be more careful about relying on an \expert source\ with ties to the biggest agricultural and food companies in the world to debunk health myths.
Beyond the Pill. Yoga isn't the only \alternative therapy\ that can help patients achieve better outcomes than pills and medical procedures alone. My prediction is that 2013 will see more and more physicians like myself who have added more than conventional Western medicines to their treatments.
The 'Good Fairy Tale' and the Movie Les Mis. To my mind, we need some more \good\ fairy tales, in that we need the inspiration to work at the realities of our selves, and of course each other, and of course the larger world. The giving it up to God almost spoiled my enjoyment of the movie.
Neuroscientist Says Green Consciousness Is in Right Brain. For those of us interested in how right-brain connection could alter our species' presently destructive relationship with the rest of nature, it seems critical that many more people experience the holistic, blissful feeling of oneness with all there is in our amazing universe.
How To Cut 100 Calories. A phyllo dough hors d'oeuvre here, a BLT hangover cure there, and the next thing you know, those skinny jeans are feeling
Joy Secret Number Three. Remember, life is not about reality, it is about the stories we tell ourselves about what is going on.
The Global Burden of Disease and 'Big Science'. The surprising revelation in a recent report is that the rising burden of disease is similar among all countries regardless of socioeconomic status, and these increases are in cardiovascular, inflammatory, and metabolic diseases, which have historically been considered \Western diseases.\
Does Sugar-Free Gum With Xylitol Really Prevent Cavities?. Cleans and protects teeth. Helps prevent cavities. So say the most popular brands of sugar-free gum. But do their claims
The Top 10 Workout Songs for January. Typically, the beginning of a new year is when folks resolve to get into better shape.  This month's mix features a lively bundle of songs to help you kick things off with a bang.
Ebselen, Experimental Bipolar Disorder Drug, Works Like Lithium -- But Without Its Side Effects. Scientists say the drug, ebselen, may be a swift answer to long-sought after better medications for patients with the manic
You Look Great; You'd Never Know. Sometimes they say, \You don't look sick at all. You'd never know.\\nFor now I know it's true.
Saturated Fat Linked With Decreased Sperm Count, Study Finds. \We cannot say that it has a causal effect, but I think other studies have shown that saturated fat intake has a connection
Be Fruitful and Replicate. Unless science gets its house in order, we will have no more credibility than that handful of \satisfied users\ of the exercise equipment whose abs are now \six packs\ or that 43-year-old worker from Everycity, USA who lost 75 pounds eating \fat-burning donuts.\
Get Your Booty Back. The beginning of the year is prime time to haul yourself back into the workout studio. These focused fitness classes promise to get your booty back into summer shape, even if it's snowing outside!
In the Moment. If the doctor is talking to fast and you can't remember what he said two sentences ago? Speak up!  Ask him to repeat himself.  It's also a good idea to bring someone along with you that can be there to hear things as well.
Drug-Resistant Gonorrhea Threat Rises In North America. \I do think reinvesting in culture-based methodologies is warranted,\ Allen said, adding that doctors should consider sending
8 Things to Let Go of in the New Year. Often, when we consider making a New Year's resolution, we think about adding new activities to our day-to-day lives -- doing more by getting stricter with ourselves.  Although there can be value in this approach to creating change, sometimes what we most need is just the opposite.
The Ethic of Wonder. The great Jewish philosopher, Abraham Heschel said, \We will not perish for want of information; but only for want of appreciation... What we lack is not a will to believe but a will to wonder...\ Wonder is the feeling that overcomes us when we enter life and not just watch it.
Living and Loving Your Life!. I won't pretend to sit here and know exactly how you should go about seizing the day and loving your sparkling, precious life. Only you know what thrills and depresses you, and so much of this comes from tapping the seriously-wise voice inside.
Can Changing Our Mindset Improve Our Health and Well-Being?. We can prove in our own lives that, whether or not we are aware of it, our spiritual practice can help us achieve better health.
Making Your Resolutions Last. You become the director, producer and actor of your own outcomes, from academic to career to healthy lifestyle goals.  It's amazing what you can accomplish with positive thoughts.
4 Yoga Moves to Jumpstart the New Year. Begin in Downward Facing Dog. Shift your shoulders forward over your wrists and walk your feet several inches towards your
Selfish, Lazy, Compassionate, Happy... Who Are We if We Love Ourselves?. When we have a friendly relationship with ourselves, when we can listen kindly to our own experience and take our own side, we are far more likely to take action and risk the unknown.
Too Much Stress Is Terrible!. Our mind is a stress-producing machine! We are thinking about deadlines, what we are doing with our life, and what the next problem is.  All of this is causing stress, which is silently attacking our body.
Starting Over. Though our topic remains essentially the same, let's assume that, rather than the prediction of an apocalypse actually happening, destroying our physical universe, the end of the world meant the demise of long-held, cherished and finally -- at last -- obsolete belief systems.
Do You Have a Healthy Attitude About Death?. Both culturally and individually, we have a great opportunity to rethink our most fundamental definitions of \birth\ and \death.\  Our physical and spiritual understanding of these terms must be reconciled in the process.
No Longer the Sick Kid. I also used to hide that I survived Ewing's sarcoma (bone cancer) at 17 years old and myelodysplasia (bone marrow cancer) at 19. Now nearly 10 years cancer-free, rules help me live a complete and genuine life.
Must-See. This movie is for you. For me. For everyone. It brings full circle a wealth of scientific, empirical, and national research on happiness and delivers it in a documentary-type format so mesmerizing you'll be recommending it to friends and family before you get halfway through.
Biggest Loser Premiere Recap, Season 14, Part 2. After an action-packed and emotional two-hour premiere Sunday night, NBC's \The Biggest Loser\ returned with the dreaded second week, a week historically plagued by frustrating plateaus after the dramatic dips seen on the scale after the first week at the ranch.
Let's Let January Be January. Tomorrow, despite stiff legs and sore feet, I'll be out there skate skiing again. Maybe I'll feel a tad stronger and smoother than I did today, or yesterday. Maybe not. But I'll be smiling, grateful for January's particular gifts.
6 Reasons to Make Kindness Your Highest Priority. Why is kindness linked with weakness? Is it possible to be kind as well as smart, successful and powerful? Are they mutually exclusive? Of course, the answer to the last question is \no\ -- these qualities are not mutually exclusive at all.
Want to Stop Worrying?. It's a new year that brings with it a promise of letting go of habits that deplete you, and adapting behaviors that can help you advance.
Rekindling Health in a New Year. As packed gyms attest, most of our New Year's resolutions deal with health, wellness, fitness, and weight loss -- and I am no exception. Here's what I am going through right now as I publicly rededicate myself after packing on an extra 16 pounds over the holidays.
I Lost Weight. Name
I Lost Weight. After Weight
The Ethics of New Year's Resolutions. Let's face it
Mandatory Physical Education In Colleges And Universities Is At All-Time Low, Report Shows. What do you think? Should universities require students to take P.E. classes, or is it something people should just be doing
The Latest Weight-Loss Tool? A Fork. Weight-loss pitches come fast and furious this time of year
Punch Off The Pounds. Maybe you're not the fighting type, but here are some facts that will get you in the ring
'Help I Have The Flu' Facebook App Suggests Who Got You Sick By Scanning Friends' Updates. Flu sufferers can now collect more information about the origins of their germs, thanks to a new Facebook app. \Help, I have
Let Your Soul Guide You. Compassion and gratitude are the two most powerful states for me to be truly connected.    Living with compassion and being grateful are essential in caring for the things that matter and connecting with people on the journey.
The Morning After the Extra Nightcap. Alcoholic beverages jumpstart the addiction cycle and cause cravings for high glycemic carbs, especially sweets, which directly affect your weight and your health. As we age, the ability to metabolize and fully digest both alcohol and carbohydrates changes.
Resolve to Start Small. What is going to make this year's resolutions any different than last year's, or those of the year before? As someone who helps people work through their food and body issues, this is always the question
How to Lose Weight and Keep It Off Forever. It is a new year, and the cry to get back in shape is heard around the world. But there are many out there that don't believe it can happen for them. For one-third of my life, I thought that too. I was obese, weighing 50 more pounds than I do now.
Feeling Stressed Out? There's an App for That. One of the greatest gifts in life is being able to be in touch with your own intuitive guidance from the heart. It's that still small voice inside each of us. Life just seems to work better and feel easier when I follow mine.
Expectations and Resolutions. With 2013's arrival, much like a gardener using a shovel to prepare for planting (then one day, harvesting), I invite you to explore your faith, facts and fictions with the following questions (shovels) over the weeks and months ahead.
The Importance of Self-Awareness and the New Year's Resolution. Personally, I always find myself making resolutions that are less about health and more about self-development. This year, among others, my resolutions include
Can Multivitamins Help Us With Cancer Risks?. When you do a search on the Internet, there are abundant studies that suggest both for and against vitamins -- so what are we to make of all the results? Should we or should we not take multivitamins?
5 Key Strategies for Successful Weight Loss and Beyond. If your New Year's resolution involves making a change in your diet with weight loss as a goal, you are facing a dizzying array of information out there. There is a great deal of evidence about what practices help weight loss, much of it contradictory.
GPS Guide. Gabrielle Bernstein is a #1 bestselling author of the book Add More ~ing to Your Life \u2013 A hip guide to happiness. Gabrielle
A New Kind Of Children's Hospital. Set amidst a wooded expanse of central Florida, with theme park roller coasters peppering the horizon, Nemours Children's
To Keep New Year's Fitness Resolutions Set Realistic Goals. But realistic does not mean mind-numbing. Instead, he said, make a smaller resolution, such as to work out for 30 minutes
Cancer. Perhaps one day cancer and chemotherapy will visit our family again.  But for now I am very happy to escort them from my home.  Should my tea time visitors return one day, I'm certain that they'll be bearing the gifts of more life lessons.
Lose Belly Fat Fast With These Ab Exercises. Make It Harder
The Wisdom of Uncertainty. Contrary to popular opinion, as human beings we really don't know very much at all. I'm aware that might cause the mind to bristle a little, perhaps even bring out a little righteous indignation in some, but when you look deeply, it's impossible to deny.
Hourly Wage Linked With Hypertension Risk. They also found that if the hourly wage were to be doubled, the high blood pressure risk would decrease by 16 percent. The
Treating Sleep-Disordered Breathing In Pregnant Women Could Improve Fetal Health. \What would otherwise have been considered clinically unimportant or minor 'snoring' likely has major effects on the blood
3 Steps to Your Best Year Yet in 2013. Here comes 2013.  What changes do I want to make?  How can I choose among all the possibilities?  Which ones matter most?
Zen Secret Number 1, From Seinfeld. Meditation doesn't have to be stuffy and/or elitist. We get to be who we are  --  that's the whole (terrifying) point. We are so richly overflowing with treasure, each of us. Once we get up offa' our things and begin experiencing that, we begin reclaiming our treasure.
Notes From the Couch. For me, movie portrayals of mental health professionals are generally infuriating, insulting and depressing.  Why would anyone reasonable invest the time and money going to see a shrink like the ones they see in films?  These depictions of people in my field are embarrassing.
Flu Season Comes Early, Clogging Emergency Departments. \Study after study after study shows that the influenza vaccine reduces the risk of getting sick and getting any of the other
New Year, New Sex. It's little acknowledged in our culture that it's the woman who first loses sexual interest in marriage, especially after she has kids and, in the language of psychoanalysis, becomes \maternalized\ not only to herself, but to her husband.
Full Cup, Thirsty Spirit. Although few of us are graced with the chance to have a sabbatical, most of us could greatly benefit from the opportunity to have more space and time in life so that slowing down could be an option.
New Year, New You. These five resolutions are so easy to resolve to keep, they risk giving New Year's resolutions a new reputation. An added plus
The Joy of the Purposeless Life. What if our purpose is exactly who we are at this very moment and what we are doing right now?  Ask yourself
Food And Love. But as with all things, \love hormones\ that go up must come down, and, in extreme cases, that can lead to obesity. One 2008
GPS Guide. For more GPS Guides, click here. 2. Write. Writing in my journal allows me to discern what I WANT to say versus what I NEED
How Much Do You Know About Sleep Apnea?. Although sleep apnea can be serious, studies suggest the disorder may also have some potential benefits. Test your knowledge
Avoid These Common Dieting Mistakes. Not Eating Often Enough It may be tempting to \save up\ calories for dinner out or the weekend, but that can sap energy, mess
How to Set Goals. If you want things to change, you have to decide to make things change.  Just as we need to establish what our goals are, we also need to make a commitment to those goals.
End Of History Illusion. What do you think about the findings? Do you anticipate yourself changing a lot in the coming years, or do you think you'll
Food Is Love!. I'm still losing weight (at this point, 140 pounds). However, far greater in importance to me is this
Re-Writing Your 'Story'. I wanted to share this gift with you -- the  gift of honesty, accountability and reflection in the hopes that it will remind you that you are not defined or limited by past chapters. Your \story\ is in development, and one chapter should lead to another.
7 Ways to Achieve Inner Peace and Prosperity in the New Year. Each new year, people wish each other happiness, prosperity and peace, but only a few seem to know how to be peaceful -- like only a few know how to make money.  Here are some steps that might help one to find the most needed inner peace.
The Mistake That Derails Your Resolutions Every Year. Have you ever tried to lose weight by not thinking about food?  How about trying to stop yourself from calling your love interest by blocking out all thoughts about that person?  Ever try to quit smoking by trying not to think about smoking?  Did it work?  I'll bet it didn't.
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Skip the Resolutions and Stick to the Practices. The challenge of creating motivation for making changes by using resolutions is that they are notoriously hard to keep.  The notion of practice, however, has an appeal because practice is a part of learning a new skill, moving toward improvement, and it is both a noun and a verb!
Winter Activities. When the temperature dips below freezing and the snow starts to fall, it's tempting to spend a lazy Saturday or Sunday (or
Think Yourself Happy. Happiness is not an elusive art -- it is an accessible practice. A practice that doesn't involve guilt-ridden to-do lists disguised as resolutions.
The Science of Regret. There's an emerging body of scientific literature that shows that as humans grow older, they tend to experience more positive emotions and fewer negative emotions like anger and regret.
Tackling Obesity. Advice on how to lose weight weighs heavily on us. Wherever we turn, we hear, see or read the depressing message that our health will suffer if we don't trim down.
The Rational Warrior. Making peace with your anxiety and not fighting it is a concept used in everyday mindfulness training that was first introduced to me years ago when I was grappling with severe symptoms of anxiety.
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (Jan. 4-10). Even momentarily concentrating on healthy solutions rewires psychological patterns to receive and share healthy sexual love in the present.  Here are three meditations with the themes of sexual positions, grooming, and leap of faith for you to ponder and practice this week.
Welcome to 2013. Here are some tips I've offered my clients -- and now you -- to get out of the all-or-nothing mentality and into the mode of setting lifestyle goals that you can actually stick with to help you lead a healthier and more hassle-free life.
10 Top Health Care Destinations for 2012. There's now plenty of global choice
A Spiritual Intelligence Goal for the New Year. \Spirit,\ by whatever name, is not measurable.  But skills like spiritual intelligence (SQ) skills can be measured.  And measurement is useful -- it points to where we can grow and improve.
People Magazine's Half Their Size Special. Read the rest of the Stockdales' story -- and the other inspirational weight loss success stories -- on People.com, or in
Best DIY Diet? MyFitnessPal App, Says Consumer Reports. Hoping to see less of yourself in the new year? Then grab your smart phone and start typing. Read more on todayhealth.today.com
BPA Research In Mice Fails To Replicate Health Risks. A 2004 U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention study that found BPA present in the urine from 93 percent of test
Skinny Models Don't Help You Diet. Of course, the disordered eating habits of \thinspo\ diarists are a far cry from those who are interested in losing weight
HuffPost Q&A. The trouble is, like most misfortunes of health, mental health disorders come to us across a spectrum. In some cases, they are merely troubling, and do not rise to the level of renouncing personal autonomy. In some cases, they are so extreme as to be all but unmanageable.
My Dog and I Are Growing Old Together and Things Are Getting a Little  'Ruff'. Fred and I have spent almost every day together since he was weaned by his mother. At the Lundgren home, we are known as \Big Fred\ and \Little Fred,\ but we both come to attention whenever my wife calls our name.
Wheelchair Wisdom. Grace is always extended, something that becomes clearer each time I remind myself that healing is an ongoing process and never a final destination.
The Battered-Child Syndrome. It was only after this medical \discovery\ in 1962 that child abuse was recognized as a regular and recurring aspect of family life, not a sensational exception but a common syndrome.
Key Ingredients to Making a Resolution. Resolutions are a part of many people's life, and if you are one of them, then you may find these tips beneficial.
Motivation. Now that the fireworks have faded and the hoopla of the new year has passed, it's on us to keep ourselves inspired throughout 2013. Here's one way to begin
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Secrets of Effective New Year's Resolutions. Let's face it
Welcome to 2013. Yes, we do have the potential to bring forth the unprecedented potential of human energy, creativity, and vision. We therefore need to align ourselves with this potential.
Tragedy, Collective Soul Loss, and the Healing Story. Take time to reflect on your healing story. Write it down, if it helps, or draw it, paint it. Express all of the feelings wrapped into your experience of the healing process, and know that in doing so, we all heal. We all move closer to wellness.
An Awkward Talk That May Save Your Son's Life. Stop. Right now. And think of some of the young men in your life. Maybe it's your own son. How about that cute kid down the street who is always outside shooting hoops? Would you be surprised to hear that those guys are in the number one age group for testicular cancer?
Fat, Fear, and the Truly Absurd. At the population level, epidemic obesity is incontrovertibly established as a clear and all-but-omnipresent danger.  It is absurd to suggest otherwise.  And it's those who do so -- who play ping-pong with science -- who frighten the hell out of me.
Regret Insurance. Regret is about not knowing then what we ended up knowing later.  So, when faced with a day of appointments that are hard to cancel, I can look ahead and say to myself
Mark Cahill, 51-Year-Old British Man With Paralyzed Hand, Undergoes Landmark UK Transplant. Cahill's operation marks the UK's first hand transplant, the Daily Mail reported. \This has changed my life,\ Cahill told
Blessings I Have No Words For. This week's poem is about what we hear in the spaces between all the noise. All meditation practices and all beginnings of art start with such a listening.
Coping With the Side Effects of Chemotherapy. After my fourth round of chemotherapy, I went into what I now refer to as \The Funk Zone.\ What helped me the most was my ability to put on my nurse's cap (being a nurse was definitely a Silver Lining during my treatment) and assign myself some healthy coping mechanisms.
Wholehearted Beginnings. I've learned that if I want to make a change and I want to make it stick, I have to commit to it on all levels -- inner and outer.
Video. Learning how to center yourself and slow down the mind is an invaluable aspect of health.  Meditation is an excellent tool for learning how to be present.
Hairy Eyeball Caused By Rare Tumor; Teen Has Surgery To Remove It (PHOTO). Fromer currently has a female patient with a hairy tumor but said it does not bother her and she does not want it removed
Sleep Centers Increase To Highest Number Ever. At sleep centers, people can have their sleep problems evaluated by a board-certified sleep medicine doctor. Common sleep
Acupuncture Can Also Help Children, Research Shows. \u201cIt\u2019s just a question of personality after that,\u201d Waterhouse says. \u201cMake a few phone calls. Hopefully the acupuncturist will
Want to Lose Weight?  Measure Your Height!. Nowadays, simply knowing how much you weigh isn't enough information to be as healthy as you can be.  You need to know your height, since the relationship of weight to height is critically important in determining your overall health.
Financially Fearless. As we begin a new year together, one resolution I would like to propose is that you make this the year where you transform your relationship with money.
It's Passion That Blurs the Lines Separating Work and Play. When the work that you do is the work that you love, not only will it come easier to you, but you will feel more aligned with your purpose as well as more satisfied, engaged, fulfilled, and inspired in your daily life.
Stick Fearlessly to Your Resolutions. The strategy that has helped hundreds of my patients over the years is one that replaces self-doubt, fear, and anxiety about making changes with a sense of certainty, control, and fearlessness.  Here are my surefire steps to successfully sticking to your fitness goals for 2013.
Meditation. Meditation is the first and the last freedom, because it gives you a gallery view of your own body and your own mind. There can be no suffering once this distance is established.
A Resolution Doesn't Have To Be Broken. For 30 years, Kendra saw weight loss as an unattainable goal, with pressures of a job, raising children and running a household
Living an Uncluttered Life Full of Light. This year, I have decided to adopt a new way of thinking, being, and doing that continually radiates my inner core, casting a transcendent light through every moment of my life. My resolution, for now and for always, is to live an uncluttered life full of light.
Chariots of Fire. If we want to keep the American yoga chariot we're riding from crashing and burning in its own funeral pyre, we must respect the spiritual wisdom from which it was born. Perhaps it's time to put our desires aside and allow Arjuna, with the help of Krishna, take back the reins.
Week 1 of Resolving to 'Post-it' for 365 Days. Both of my kids have huge hearts and engaging minds. But those descriptions are vague, trite. If I hope to get a year's worth of material, I need to be specific. I need anecdotes and things to praise. I need an open mind and eyes that stay open. I need to pay better attention.
Fiscal Cliff Diving. Hanging on to a bit more of our money might sound good until the day of reckoning, whenever and however it arrives, when our flight is ending and our landing becomes salient.   At that point, we are apt to find ourselves wishing for... a pool.
Legacies for the Living as We Mourn the Losses of Newtown. There is no better time than now, when our hearts are simultaneously broken yet grateful for the presence of our own precious treasure, our children and grandchildren, to express our love for them.
The Last of the Human Freedoms. Each moment, life places us on the crest of a powerful wave -- we can either deny our capacity to choose, or we can wholeheartedly embrace it. Blue pill or red pill, decay or evolution, these opposing forces are at endless play.
Resolution. I've read numerous funny emails about how being with a dog is preferable to being with people -- no complaints, unconditional love.
Human Being or Human Doing. Three times a week now, as I fumble with the third sequence in my tai chi class, I have the opportunity to witness a room full of individuals practice the full sequence.  And every time, I am struck by how beautiful the long sequence is, and how much I want to be in that group.
Trees, Brains and Human Faces. What do trees, brains and human faces have in common? While they share a lot of characteristics with the others of their species, each stands apart, distinctly, from its siblings.
A Year of Pause. As we pause during this unique time of transition, why not resolve to taking back our lives through intentional choices?  In 2013, let's choose to pause deeply, treat ourselves kindly, and include pause as a best practice for creating more connection, meaning, and fulfillment.
How Much Water Should I Drink?. -- Lily What's more, our bodies tell us when we require water -- that's what the thirst mechanism does. Thirst doesn't mean
National Sleep Day. Sleep deprivation can raise anxiety levels and other recent research.
13 Ways Acupuncture Can Change Your Life in 2013. The driving idea behind acupuncture is that we're already in possession of everything we need to be well. Acupuncture does not add or subtract anything. Rather, it prompts the body to do what it already knows how to do. It reminds you that you have the power to heal yourself.
GPS Guide. meQuilibrium offers a breakthrough, personalized stress management solution that helps people cope with today\u2019s daily pressures
Of Mobile Apps, Movements and Men. To meaningfully engage men, we need to make it simple for them (and everyone else, of course) to get health care. There's no better way to do that than to deliver health information in an organic way that men are clearly fond of -- through their gadgets.
Goshen Hospital Employees Fired After Refusing Mandatory Flu Shot (VIDEO). According to UPI, a total of 26 employees filed for an exemption from the mandatory flu vaccination. Eleven appeals were
How To Stay Energized From Morning To Night. To the rescue
GPS Guide. See how Dr. Patricia Fitzgerald, HuffPost's wellness editor, practices mindfulness in her GPS Guide below. Patricia Fitzgerald
Rare Diseases Getting Attention From Drugmakers -- But At High Costs. The orphan drug market is expanding faster than traditional pharmaceuticals with annual growth averaging 25.8 percent from
This Quitter Did Win. It's been 15 years since I stopped smoking, and it's still a source of pride for me. I've gained so much personally by seeing what I can accomplish. I've spent some of the best years of my life already as a non-smoker, and I'm confident some of the best are still to come.
Dexpramipexole. In the 943-patient late-stage trial, dexpramipexole failed to slow decline of physical or respiratory function or improve
Blood Transfusions Hike Risk For Some Heart Attack Patients. Risk of death, the researchers found, was 12 percent higher for people who received the liberal transfusions compared to
Electronic Cigarettes May Not Combat Addiction, Report Says. There is no scientific proof that electronic cigarettes are useful in combating smoking addiction and they should not be
Is Guilt a Time-Bound Emotion?. Whether you are feeling guilty or feeling in danger of being guilty as charged, you have effectively removed yourself from the present tense.
Get Thee to the Gym!. This time of year, as every year, exercise equipment and devices to measure activity are promoted as gifts, although I suspect they are about as welcome to the chronic couch potato as a set of expensive knives are to someone who never cooks.
Compare and Despair. How do you take off the \lack glasses\ that are keeping you from the abundance of your own life? Keep the focus on you and practice gratitude. It's not about going into a comparison and being grateful because what you have is better than what the other person has.
Growth Factor. Because cell survival does not seem to be tied to permanent genetic change in this case, it means the bacterial colony should
In 2013, Some Health News to Watch For. In environmental health, we can expect to see continuing news stories that will impact all of our children and families, from toxic flame-retardant chemicals, to food safety threats, to the health impacts from energy production and more. Here are some of 2012's top stories.
Find Love in 2013!. Your first step in returning to a full belief that love is out there waiting for you is to figure out why you don't believe in love now.
Ballet-Inspired Workouts Across the Country and in Your Own Home. Several ballet-based workouts -- or empires -- have emerged in the last decade with the premise that the best way to achieve these long muscles is through micro-movements. I tested the following seven techniques, and while all will sculpt and tone, no two are exactly alike.
GPS For The Soul Review. I tried GPS for the Soul on the train north this morning ... what fun! From Citron
How Forgiveness Can Change Your Life. Forgiveness, as I understand it after all these decades on Earth, is about an attitude toward both ourselves and others.  Forgiveness is an attitude of letting go of enmity and resentment and encouraging ourselves to feel genuine love and empathy.
See Your Part. Acknowledging one's own part in a difficult situation is one of the hardest -- and I think most honorable -- things a person can do.
The Last Advice You'll Need to Keep a New Year's Resolution. Decide to make 2013 your year. Sharpen your mental toughness tools and make great things happen in the new year.
Stress Is the New Fat. Mindfulness, yoga and relaxation techniques are the current darlings of the stress trade. They work, but they take a lot of work, and each alone doesn't come close to solving the entire problem, just as declining that slice of pie after dinner never made anyone thin.
Inflammation Linked With Depression, Study Suggests. The study, published in the Archives of General Psychiatry and conducted by researchers at Herlev Hospital and Copenhagen
How to Live a Miraculous Life. You may be thinking about the goals you want to achieve in 2013. Perhaps they're specific and concrete, or perhaps you're still figuring out what you want. Either way, I'm here to tell you that you can experience straight-up miraculous change this year.
6 January Superfoods. Power up!
The Phone Call. It was a long, slow journey to recovery. But at the end of the road was a light far brighter than I had ever imagined possible. All it took in the end was a phone call.
2013. A comeback is possible, but it does take work.  Putting into practice these principles will help you overcome your setback.
New Year and Old Yearnings. Certain virtues are certainly rational. It is an unskilled use of reason to think otherwise. Or to fail to at least try to act accordingly.
5 Tips for Effective Resolutions. 4
Allowing for Change. Who isn't afraid of change? True, some of us have more fear of instability than others. But when you really get down to it, we are all shaken up when the movement inherent to change occurs.
Opening the Hips in Yoga. Soreness in the hips is another occupational hazard, a byproduct of sitting for many hours at a time and living in a city with significant traffic-laced drive times.
Don't Think. Get Up!. When we stop hitting the snooze button -- literally and metaphorically -- we not only gain five minutes, 10 minutes, 15 or 20 -- we also gain momentum, pride and confidence.
Music Therapy and the Military. Much more attention is being drawn to what music therapy can accomplish in military circles.  We need more music therapists to work with veterans, caregivers, and family members.  We need more research, so it is great that this new partnership is very focused on research.
Come Out of Fat Denial, America!. It is my mission to help you lose weight, feel better, look better and live a healthy and happy long life.  You can't do those things if you are overweight and in denial about it.  Your weight is ultimately something you can control.  I'd like to help you do just that.
New Year's Dieting Resolutions and Expectations. External controls never work long term. Eventually, we get fed up and rebel. Only an internal change can become a way of life. So how do we achieve an internal shift that will help us obtain and maintain our ideal weight?
Routines. I learned that this struggle to break from a routine -- to find passion in what you do, to find your voice -- is something we all go through.  There is something reassuring, beautiful even, in how human this is.
Deliberate Defiance at Work. Even if you're completely dissatisfied with your present job, stop focusing on why you're getting away with this deliberate defiance. That's irrelevant. Figure out the why in what you are actually doing. That is what's important.
What's Your Guiding Word?. Last year was the first year I chose a word instead of setting a plethora of goals or resolutions. It was about choosing a primary focus for the next 52 weeks of my life. Sure, I still set personal and professional goals, but having that guiding word made a huge difference.
Radical Acceptance of Desire. The same life energy that leads to suffering also provides the fuel for profound awakening. Desire becomes a problem only when it takes over our sense of who we are.
Yoga and Kids. Yoga for kids looks very different from even the beginner yoga varieties designed for adults. Yes, we want them to learn to breathe, stretch and strengthen their bodies and relax. But techniques for teaching adults often fail to engage children, who have much shorter attention spans.
On Knee Surgery, Mammograms, and Turning Into My Father. So here I am, waiting for the arthroscopy that will cut away the torn meniscus of my other knee and advance me toward premature arthritis. I should have seen that beyond the end of the long jump sand pit, but I didn't. I am using this week of waiting to reflect upon my changed condition.
2013. When we talk about a collective shift, we are talking about an awakening of our collective consciousness. And even though there are not yet massive indications of that happening \out there\ in the world, it is happening as an \inside job,\ within those who are ready to awaken.
Extra Weight Linked To Longevity. How having extra weight, which also increases the risk of illness, could also lower the risk of death.
40 Easy Recipes Under 400 Calories. Enjoy delectable breakfasts, lunches, dinners and even desserts without fearing what the scale when say the next time you
The Truth Behind Common Sleep Myths. Six sleep experts lift the covers on our commonly held beliefs. Read more on HuffPost Own
An Integrative Medicine Guide to Better Health. When organs dysfunction, we get a whole host of symptoms that doctors see so often in their practice. Without the integrative model, these health problems can only be treated symptomatically.
The 10 Secrets to Making Lasting Change. Learning a sound strategy about how to strengthen the behaviors that support and nourish our wishes to be healthier, happier, and more connected puts us in a position of greater personal power.
New Year's Resolutions. 2013 is upon us -- and now that the ball has dropped, the toasts have been made and the confetti has settled, for many of
Health Trends 2013. No one can know exactly what the year ahead will bring. But those who work in and monitor the fitness industry can make some
Starting a New Habit? Follow This Three-Step Plan. When approaching change, most declare their goal and then charge out blindly into the world, flailing their arms about in a confused mass of temporary motivation. So what's the alternative? How can we make permanent change?
New Year's Resolution. Intentions set a direction toward a new vision, opening the vista to see where one wants to go, making it easier to go toward the intention. There is less resistance with intentions than with resolutions.
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Chang Shan. Halofuginone has been the focus of many other studies in the past, too. In a previous one, scientists from Harvard University
The Sleep Stories of 2012. As we close in on a new year, we're taking a look back at some of the most interesting, thought-provoking sleep stories of the year just ending. Here are my picks for the second half of 2012.
Hangover Cures. You've heard about several ways to make yourself feel better -- but what really works? Find out which remedies you should
I Lost Weight. Got a success story of your own? Send it to us at success.stories@huffingtonpost.com and you could be featured on the site
A Month-To-Month Guide For Your Allergies. By Beth W. Orenstein If you suffer from allergies for even part of the year, you may wonder when you'll get a reprieve. People
New Year's Resolutions, Enlightenment, and the Vision and Tools to Make It Happen. Does enlightenment sound too ambitious for a New Year's resolution?  Really, it's not.  You don't have to become something new.  It's like coming out of a tiny one-person tent after a long, long sleep and realizing it was set up in the grand ballroom of your palace.
Replace Goals and Resolutions With Agreements and Promises of Action. As we prepare to turn the page on 2012 and ring in 2013, it's highly likely that most of us will be making resolutions regarding weight loss that go something like, \I want to lose 30 pounds in three months.\ Over the past 20 years, I have come to realize that having a goal by itself does not lead to success.
Giving Up New Year's Resolutions for the New Year. Instead of making another list of New Year's goals or affirmations, I just think, for me, I might embrace one whole radical idea of living -- and hope that it will affect a lot of the other parts of my life I want to see changed.
New Year's Musings 2013. Listening, I found myself missing the part of me that is more contemplative, that goes at a slow enough pace to savor the sight of the moon, that ponders the multiverse, that lives more fully in my imagination.
'Are You Phonely Tonight?'. For many people, the Christmas and New Year holidays have been called \the hap-hap-happiest time of the year.\  For many, however,  as we all know, they are among the loneliest.
5 Tips to Help Make Your Resolutions Stick. I know what you're thinking
New Year's Resolution. Is happiness a choice, or a fleeting experience that occurs only when all our stars are all perfectly aligned? Can we lose happiness as easily as we find it, or are there attitudes we can adopt that will counter feelings of pessimism and help us to build a stronger, more resilient self?
Got Brain? Investing in Our Most Precious Asset in 2013. We've made a lot of progress over the last century in understanding the brain, but it wasn't until the last few decades that we've come to understand the ways in which our everyday behaviors affect, for better or worse, our brain's health and performance.
When It Comes to Setting (and Sharing) Goals for the New Year, Sometimes Less Is More. To my surprise, this smaller, quieter way of goal setting actually began to work. By keeping quiet, I didn't feel compelled to check in with people (or worse, explain to them why a goal hadn't yet been met). Without this cycle of shame, I found my goals actually had a chance to gain more traction.
5 Questions That Will Lead You to a Better Year. New Year's tends to be a time of looking forward. Yet, in our effort to set goals for the future, it's meaningful to reflect on the past year and make sense of what our experiences have meant to us. What can they teach us?
'Tis the Season to Detox. Sharing feasts of food and drink with family and friends is a quintessential part of the holidays, but many of us tend to overload our bodies' natural defense systems. Try these three recommendations.
New Year, Old Problem. I'm ready to make a few New Year's resolutions
5 Quick and Easy Tips for Change in 2013. Change doesn't just happen; we have to make it happen. And the first hurdle to change is inertia. So, how do you get past this? Easy.
The Sleep Stories of 2012. 2012 was bursting with great sleep stories that revealed the power of sleep to enhance our health and well-being. Here are my picks for the sleep stories of 2012 -- along with suggestions for ways you can bring the benefits of the latest in sleep science to your everyday life.
Hangover Prevention. There's only one surefire way to prevent a hangover
The Most Important Question for 2013. We can't stop feeling stressed. What we can do this year is prime our brains so that stress is no longer something to fear, but rather a sign of something we need to pay attention to, and a chance to figure out how we want to spend each precious moment.
The Most Important Resolution You Could Make in the New Year. In the new year, resolving to conquer your fears is one of the most important resolutions you can make. Doing so will help you keep other resolutions, reach your goals and achieve ultimate happiness.
Don't Sabotage Your New Year's Resolution Efforts Before You've Even Started. If we come at New Year's resolutions with a teeth-gritted determination to change, we inevitably defeat ourselves. Why? Because when we assume a fighting stance, bracing ourselves against temptations, we actually limit the resources that we bring to our challenge.
Healthy New Year's Eve. New Year's Eve
This New Year's, Resolve to Give Yourself a Break. Bite-sized goals are easier to digest. Climbing stairs instead of taking elevators or choosing a \bad\ parking space to take a brisk walk might not please your aerobics trainer, but the health benefits will be substantial.
13 Resolutions for 2013. 'Tis the season to obsess... about New Year's resolutions. For a worrywart, it is challenging to come up with just one resolution when there are so many choices, so I have selected several from my 2012 grab bag to inspire you to worry less and indulge more in 2013.
Out With the Old, in With the New. Every year, like most people, I make my New Year's resolutions on Jan. 1. And then I battle with them for the rest of the year.
Ringing in the New Year in Silence, Simplicity and Joy. Instead of celebrating and partying with the usual aches and discomfort the next day, why not be in the perfect stillness and let the peace and quiet bring its special presence into our lives?
New Year's and You. January is not the problem. It's us. Well, our perfectionism, to be specific. Our all-or-none thinking frames our life so that if we're not succeeding every second, we're failing. Nobody wants that.  But nobody can be that \perfect\ person either.
Are You Resigned to Last Year's Bad Luck?. For 2013, I'm taking a different tack
Ditch the Resolutions and Create Real Change That Lasts!. Many resolutions are just a wish and a dream (which is a great place to start), but they lack the long-term planning and vision to carry them out to success. So, why not ditch the \r\ word all together and commit to real change that will last?
Happy New Year From 2,013 Ants. Small and large, everyone wants a reason for what we do. To know that our future is worth traveling to and where we've been
2013. I've never been big on New Year's resolutions. Rather, I regard these as commitments of evolving, on a journey to always strive to be better.
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Make Brain Fitness One of Your New Year's Resolutions. No matter your age, these simple tips will help maintain and improve your brain health, and may even help delay or slow the progression of memory loss caused by Alzheimer's disease or other dementias.
How Yoga Helped Me Have the Best Night's Sleep in Weeks. Lo and behold, the night after that yoga session with Elena Brower, I learned firsthand yet another benefit of yoga
New Year's Quotes. \u201cCheers to a new year and another chance for us to get it right,\ Oprah once toasted. Her words continue to ring true
The Top 5 Career Regrets. As psychologist Dr. Neal Roese stated, \On average, regret is a helpful emotion.\ It can even be an inspiring one. But it means that we must recognize our disappointments, understanding that it's our capacity to experience regret deeply, and learn from it to ultimately frame our future success.
Biggest Health News Stories Of 2012. As the year draws to a close, we at HuffPost Healthy Living are taking time to reflect on all the new understandings about
Young Adult Cancer. Although there seems to be a lot of going on for breast cancer (read
Get a Jump on January. Getting on the right path before the ball drops takes nothing more than a pen, paper and 30 minutes of quiet time.
Perceptions Of Stress Could Affect Heart Risks. So what's a person to do to decrease stress? Well, smiling could help, for one. For some other natural stress-relievers, click
Winter Skincare Tips, From Head to Toe. It's everyone's dream in the dead of winter
GPS Guide. Shut up. My mind spins, so when I get stressed I mindfully acknowledge how I\u2019m feeling and make the decision to take a minute
Stress-Free New Year's Eve. Tell us in the comments
Master the 7 Diet 'Dos'. I can't wait for you to be the fit and fabulous person you want to be -- and you will be. Now that you're creating a healthier you, follow these tips to avoid common diet pitfalls.
How to Make Resolutions You Can Keep. This more benevolent approach to resolutions is about creating a lifestyle that you desire rather than achieving a single goal. Though you will achieve many goals in the process, you will also build daily routines that you can keep up and a life that you want to live.
New Year, Age-Old Hope. Happy ever after is possible after all -- if we tally the reasons for it in one another's eyes.  And remember why we started to keep that tally.  And remember to keep on doing so.  And remember to remember.
5 Tips for Freedom. We're finding out who we are, so we can do it on purpose. So we can be free. We are gently learning to become honest with ourselves, about ourselves. Which is the entire practice of awareness. All we have to do is show up.
New Year's Resolutions. Finding yourself making the same tired resolution to get fit or lose weight or eat more nutritious foods? You're not alone
5 Daily Rituals To Manage Work Stress. Generally, I\u2019m pretty well-tuned into my work-life merge and stress-busting routines, often awakening prior to the blaring
Texting And Walking. The researchers found that nearly half of the time, these distracted activities were taking place during rush hour (between
New Year's Resolutions?. Starting a fresh year with a list of things you don't like about yourself and want to change is negative.  Shift your focus to all of your positive achievements in the last year and you may find yourself naturally building momentum and wanting to keep it up.
Top 5 Client Excuses for Not Working Out, and How to Beat Them. Start with a reality check and then prioritize. You do have time. You are the captain of your ship, the driver of the bus. You make your schedule and can find the time to devote 45 minutes to one hour to you
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (Dec. 28-Jan. 3). Even momentarily concentrating on healthy solutions rewires psychological patterns to receive and share healthy sexual love in the present.  Here are three meditations with the themes of sexual politics, mortality, and empathy for you to ponder and practice this week.
Social Media Health. There are some health care professionals who refuse to engage in social media, and there are others who have mastered it.  And yet there are some who just don't understand it.
GPS Guide. For more GPS Guides, click here. 3. Tea Or Coffee Meditation
Half Of Sleeping Pills' Benefits May Be Due To Placebo Effect. Researchers said the findings have implications for people who use these sleeping pills and experience negative side effects
A New Year's Resolution. As Americans ring in the new year, many of us will resolve to get healthy. Meat and poultry producers can help -- by making a resolution to put their farm animals on an antibiotics diet.
No Time Like the Present. The woulda, coulda, shoulda of life can so quickly steal our \now time.\ We are either being caught in the past or projecting too much into the future.
The Missing Link in Your Battle to Lose Weight. How many of you are frustrated with the number you see on the scale?  This is the time of year many people make New Year's resolutions, and my guess is that one of your goals is to lose weight.
3-2-1 Countdown to 2013 and Your Fitness Goals. As the countdown to a new year begins, excitement in the air grows! To many of us, a new year signals a time for new beginnings, a time for a fresh start.
The New Year's Talk Every Family Needs to Have. We tend to think that medical decision making discussions are primarily for the elderly or for those with cancer.  Yes, they need to plan, but this blog is directed at the rest of you who have completely ignored this issue.
5 Fascinating Emotional Eating Studies From 2012. This year we got a little closer to understanding why we turn to ice cream and chocolate whenever we get stressed out, crabby or overly emotional.  Yes, we still have a lot to learn.  Our emotions and eating behavior are incredibly complex.
Peace for Our Soldiers in the New Year, at Home and Away. Stress is undeniably linked to mind and body, and there must be a mind and body practice to respond to this illness.
Notes From the Couch. Given the fact that we'll never know the motivations and emotions of the killer, the only way to find our balance after such an event is to consider honestly how it has affected each of us as individuals.
How Can Shift Workers Lose Weight?. The second must-do for shift workers is meal planning. If you are coming off a late night shift, the last thing you are going
Eliminating the Toxic People in Our Life for a Healthy 2013. I started reflecting on this past year and did a mental check list of all the people  in my life that were supportive, kind, attentive and just plain there for me.  Then, I visited the folks that let me down and made me feel less than or were critical.
Be the Life of the Party. Today's vlog will help you release your expectations of others and find the happiness you're seeking inside you. This holiday season, don't rely on everyone else to make you happy. Instead, become the life of the party! Watch now.
Addressing the Needs of America's Mentally Ill Youth. Our poor handling of mentally ill youth as they enter adulthood is a sad comment on our society.  People with mental disorders are not a voting block or disenfranchised group who hold special appeal to our politicians.
Reduce Stress. Take a moment now to ponder your definition of a fact. How do you accept something as a fact? Do you take time to verify (through first-hand experience) a fact before you accept a fact to be true?  How often do you check facts?
Milk-Producing Protein Linked To Aggressive Breast Cancer. \What we have shown in this paper is high ELF5 tumours are dependent on ELF5 for their proliferation and if we block ELF5
Celebrity Bad Science. January Jones's dried placenta pills, which the actress admitted in March she consumed after giving birth, win no favor with
Karma of Love, Part 2. Karma is complicated and mysterious, to the point we rarely understand exactly what we have done to be in difficult situations that occur in our lives.
Newtown and the Nation's Mental Health. There have been 29 mass shootings in the United States between the events of April 20, 1999 at Columbine High School and the Dec. 14, 2012 tragedy at Sandy Hook Elementary School. I propose these shootings were, in part, a health care issue.
12 Reasons We Loved The World In 2012 (PHOTOS). As we start planning to ring in the New Year, let's take an opportunity to celebrate what\nmade us smile in 2012.
Why It's Never Just One Thing (Even Though We Pretend Otherwise). Life is complicated. We know this, but yet we always want to find the one thing. The one thing that made everything go wrong.  Or the one thing that will make everything go right. The only problem is
8 Ways To Fall Asleep Fast. You have no idea why, but night after night you have trouble nodding off. These bedtime rituals may help you get some more
Sign of Peace From a Fighter's Spirit. The thing about someone who was a key part of your life is that even when they leave it, even after years pass, they still are -- just from a different place.  I still want to hear my dad's voice, but I will accept hearing it in dreams, or seeing it in snowfall, or smelling it in good food.
Live Life Backward in 2013. Find your focus for the new year. Live 2013 in reverse, and you will ensure a year not only worth remembering next Dec. 31, but 2013 will be a year of realizing your potential, renewing relationships and a year you will celebrate for the rest of your life.
Doctors Lack Confidence In Treating Obesity, Study Suggests. By Jaimie Dalessio Johns Hopkins researchers conducted the survey of 500 general practitioners, family practitioners, and
Blood Transfusions Hike Risk For Some Heart Attack Patients. Some doctors order blood transfusions for heart attack patients with anemia to help deliver oxygen to the heart, according
Unhealthy Beauty Trends. In our ever-enduring efforts to look our best, we can sometimes fall prey to unhealthy and even dangerous treatments.
5 Achievable Resolutions for a Longer, Happier Life. Taking a positive and proactive approach to our goals gives us the best chance of achieving lasting change. As we take on resolutions that will help us to become our best selves, we must treat ourselves with compassion, sensitivity, and respect.
5 Choices to Help You Stay in Love. We all know that being in love is one of the very best feelings in the world. When we fall in love, we often believe that our in-love feelings are going to last forever.
Is Technology Making Us Fat?. As you look to your own list of resolutions this year, consider taking that first step to using technology to take control of your health and gaining a better quality of life.
The Effects Of Alcohol In The Body (INFOGRAPHIC). In fact, alcohol, even in the smallest doses, affects nearly every system in the body, from the brain to circulation to immunity
I Lost Weight. I knew that the pain in my knee was not really from an old injury but from weight. A horrible burning in my stomach began
Coming Home to How It Is. When we stop, quiet down, and pay attention, there suddenly emerges into awareness a whole field of experience. Do we have to take a course in order to \know\ these feelings, sensations, sounds? Of course not. The capacity to know is our nature.
Aging Sperm? Not the World's End. Judith Shulevitz's recent New Republic essay on how later parenthood is \upending American society\ claims that delaying kids could lead us down a rabbit hole of genetic decline. The piece gathers much of its energy from new studies suggesting that male sperm quality decays with age.
Memories of New Years Eve. On New Year's Eve I prefer to pay homage to my mother my own way.  If I had known that night she was going to leave us, I would have kissed her, hugged her and told her I loved her.  I didn't, because it truly never dawned on me that this was her last night.
Living in the Wake of a Disease That Never Existed. It's all too easy to label as diagnostic any facet of the enormously complicated gamut of human emotion and behavior we do not understand or do not endorse.  This is especially true in these days of increased anger and violence and fear.  The harm done by these labels wounds us all.
A Doctor's Best Friend. As a man who assumes the community role of a health care provider and the personal role of a chronic hypochondriac, the potential for canines in medical care may just be the last straw I need to finally become the dog owner that I never thought I'd become.
New Year's Resolutions? You Can Do It!. Don't criticize your efforts.  It doesn't matter how many of your resolutions you've accomplished so far, but that you've made a concerted effort to realize them.  Trying is better than not trying at all.
Energy Tips. Deck the halls, sing we joyous -- cue the exhaustion. Ideally, the holidays would be all about popping champagne and exchanging
Climbing One Stair At A Time Burns More Calories, Study Finds. By Rose Eveleth (Click here for the original article and podcast) Not taking the elevator is a good way to sneak in a little
10 Life Lessons in 108 Sun Salutations. This week marked the winter solstice. To celebrate the longer, more light-filled days to come, I like to perform 108 sun salutations in the late afternoon as the sun is going down.
Faith, Fact and Fiction. As the season soaks or shrivels expectations, hopes blossom into blessed bliss or dissolve due to daily duress. With seasons officially changing, we enter into a unique 10 days where expectations rapidly climax or crash, awash in faiths, facts or fictions.
Quiet Exit. Our relationship was complete. There were no axes to grind or unfinished business. No unspoken affections or apologies to make.
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Ready, Set, Step. For me, it was that step, that first step, that was so difficult to take. As the new year approaches, we each have that once-yearly opportunity to create and recreate our own, personalized thousand-mile journey.  What's yours?
A Lesson About Less. Life doesn't always work out just as we'd like, but I believe it does happen according to \some plan,\ whether grand or otherwise. The one thing we can do is remind ourselves to consciously work toward making it the best we can -- and let go of the little things that don't actually matter.
'Yes' Woman. While my progress has been gradual, failure and rejection have become less prominent factors in my decision-making process. My goal is to embrace change and uncertainty as I get older rather than submit to an apprehensive lifestyle.
Loving Yourself in 2013. I believe 2013 is a tipping point
Music and Healing. Last but not least, I want to share just how inspired I am by my daughter, Amity, who has been creating original music since
Curbing Car Travel Could Help To Decrease BMI. Researchers also found that decreasing calorie intake by 100 calories each day is linked with a decrease of 0.16 kilograms
5 Keys for Setting Intentions for 2013. The first thing about setting intentions is that you have to really, really want them to happen. You might be amongst the fortunate whose dreams come true quickly. For most people, however, there are ups and downs along the path. The more you really want your dream, the more likely it is to happen.
Sensation of Community. Remember that the more you lean out, the more you tweet and seek and stretch to find another like you, there is a very deserving beautiful creature waiting and calling for your friendship too, and that creature is you.
Love Doesn't Get Cancer. That phrase broke through the heavy curtain of my grief.  Don't go to the funeral today.  It even let a little sunshine in.  He was right.  Unlike a sudden death, we have more time to live together.  We have each day.
6 People Who Give You Colds. By Jennifer Acosta Scott Cold and flu germs are so widespread because they have an amazing ability to travel. In fact, a
Health Trends 2012. Each year, we learn more about health. Researchers make medical advances and, in our personal lives, we try new workout routines
Brother, Lay Down Your Arms. The carnage in Newtown ripped my heart. I know the problem is complicated and its solution is crying out for a multifaceted approach, but common sense says it is time to legislate laying down some of our arms.
Opening the Heart in Yoga. I gravitate to these postures to counteract the negative effects of sitting many hours at a time in my profession that is added to the time I spend sitting while driving. Darlene tells me to breathe in space around the heart and connect the arms and shoulders to my heart.
Ready, Set, Go!. Each goal is measurable, stated in present tense and set within a time frame. We've visualized it, written it down, and maybe even posted it on our bathroom mirror. We've told our supportive friends about it and even come up with an action plan. So why is it so hard to get into action?
Childhood Obesity. Children trying to overcome the burdens of obesity on their health and self-image are routinely obligated to weather a daily storm of bullying, abuse, and derision.  They are denied the solace of friendship -- and often turn to food for comfort.
Beyonce, Please Put the Pepsi Down. Looking into the future, as a mother, can you imagine Blue Ivy drinking Pepsi over something like Juicy Juice or Pediasure? I doubt it, neither would our first lady.
Best Fitness Apps Of 2012. Among the 19 percent of smartphone users who use health-based apps, nearly 40 percent use at least one fitness-based application
Hospital 'Never Events' Increasing. The researchers, said study leader Marty Makary, MD, MPH, an associate professor of surgery at the Johns Hopkins University
5 Big Discoveries About Personal Effectiveness in 2012. The science of self-improvement never ceases. Every year brings dozens of new quirky findings about how to be more effective, whether in managing our time, being more creative or just getting things done.
New Limb-Lengthening Technology May Reduce Complications For Sufferers Of Crippling Deformities. Still, Ellingsworth says he made the right choice, despite his daughter's suffering. Lindsay isn't so sure. She often wonders
Make Goals and a Vision for 2013, Not Resolutions. When I wrote down my goals, it's not like they all came true overnight. I'd make goals for this year, this month, this week and today. Most days, weeks and months I only made some progress, sometimes none. But I started getting better. And look what happened!
Success in 2013 With a New Year's Sleep Resolution. In setting New Year's resolutions this year, maybe we should stack the deck in our favor by getting the right \mindset\ for achieving our goals.  It all starts with sleep -- pair any resolution you have with more sleep for the best results.
Let's Keep the Sandy Hook Loving Kindness Epidemic Alive. Time to let go because if I don't I'll lose myself in the process.  I'm in danger of forgetting what the holidays and life are all about.  What matters is doing the best we can to practice true loving kindness, a genuine desire to act in pursuit of the others' happiness.
Weight. This New Year's, let's draw needed attention to and appreciate the simplicity and significance of the weight of words. Let's gain control over our emotional waistlines and reflect on the words and sayings that weigh us down and lift us up.
From Hurricane Sandy to Sandy Hook. Feeling powerlessness is real. Being powerless is real. And acknowledging it can grow us. But let it lead you not to despair or destruction, but toward honoring yourself. Channel your powerlessness to bolster your strength, resources, authority, and capacity to act.
Silly Diets, Silly Food Inventions and Other 2012 Follies. There were many contenders for this year's prize for stupidest diet. The desire to shed weight seems to breed an endless stream of particularly magical claims, supernatural devices and silly, dangerous plans.
Regret vs. Remorse. No one is bad and sinful by nature; rather, we are projecting these characteristics onto the objects we are viewing in this way. Both non-virtuous and virtuous actions arise because of the way we view things, and we have the ability to eliminate ignorant views and replace them with \right view.\
How to Make New Year's Resolutions That Work. Try looking at resolutions in a new light. Instead of thinking about what's wrong with you, imagine what it would feel like to be exactly the way you want and have exactly what you want.
Ode to My Belly. For more from Maria Rodale, go to www.mariasfarmcountrykitchen.com Second, and this is a complicated one, my belly is the
Teen Insomnia Could Lead To Serious Heart Problems Later. Teenagers need more sleep than adults -- about nine hours per night, sleep experts say. Many teens -- 20 percent, according
Dystextia. CBS News reported that the woman was taken to the emergency room, where she was diagnosed with the language condition of
The Biggest Outbreaks Of 2012. NEW YORK, Dec 26 (Reuters) - The year started in the United States with a mild flu season but ended up being marked by deadly
Why Judging by Appearance Can Be Harmful. Instead of making hasty and inconclusive judgments about the nature of our experience, wouldn't it benefit us to suspend judgments until we have measured and analyzed the underlying nature of the phenomena before us?
Want to Jumpstart Your Life?. With the holidays here, I find it a great time to reflect on what I have achieved and to see how far I've come.  It is also a great time to take a look at what I need to develop and to create new goals for 2013.
Silencing the Inner Perfectionist. I believe that perfection is actually an illusion that we created and is based on the fear that we would no longer evolve as humans if something wasn't pushing us to be better. But what if evolution were to come from our desire to learn and grow instead of to get ahead?
GPS Guide. Below, find other inspiration -- affirmations, music, quotes and more. The stress and strain of constantly being connected
This Is One Serving. When the season's all about excess, portion control may be the last thing on our minds. And that's completely fine -- after
Make Your New Years Resolution Prehabilitation. One in two Americans is coping with a chronic disease, and many require rehabilitation. That's why I'm suggesting this year your New Year's resolution be \prehabilitation,\ a term defined by Wikipedia as, \a form of strength training, aims to prevent injuries before the actual occurrence.\
I Lost Weight. Now, I am no longer sick with high blood pressure, pre-diabetes or depression. I can not only walk a flight of steps without
Celebrity Health. Sometimes the red-carpet life isn't all glitz and glam. A number of celebrities came forward this year with real-life tales
Aspartame and Cancer. People often ask my opinion about diet sodas. Many see them as a harmless substitute for sugar-sweetened beverages. Others are deeply distrustful of the artificial sweeteners they contain -- and there are plenty of scary rumors circulating on the Internet to bolster these suspicions.
Rx. Whatever your personal intentions are about making such changes, the key is to commit. This means physically signing up now, today. Don't wait until January 1 when the urge, while nice, could quickly pass.
7 Reasons to Eat Cranberries This Season. Cranberries are one of the great superfoods rich in plant antioxidants and cancer-fighting phytochemicals called proanthocyanadins (PACs). Here are seven reasons to eat cranberries this season.
Exercise Anywhere, Anytime. Muscles don't know if you're in a fancy gym or in your kitchen. These tips are designed for busy lives -- a minute here and a minute there add up.
Guns, Love and Being Human. It keeps me hopeful that the worst of times will not be in vain if we can just learn from them to ensure they never happen again, and to ensure we continue to do what is needed to help all humans be just that -- human.
Which Side of Your Hand Are You Looking At?. Have you ever noticed how your perspective influences how you interpret things? Sometimes shaking up our perspective can make all the difference in the world. In addition to appreciating ourselves, it can also help us to live more vibrantly.
What I Want in 2013. 3. Our government to re-tool, re-work and re-think itself, its purpose and its obligations. 10. Military personnel to come
Top 6 New Year's Resolution Tips. Are you tired of making the same New Year's resolution to lose weight or get in better shape, year after year?
Overindulging Can Take A Toll On Your Lifespan, Study Shows. More from Everyday Health
Doctor Fatigue Raises Car Accident Risk. Fatigue as doctors complete their medical residencies is nothing new. A study published earlier this year in the Archives
Slow Down From The Fast Pace Of Life. How did life get so darn fast? As we sit together, often around a fire, I pose this question to guests
How to Have a Happy Holiday. For some, holidays are about friends and family, eating copious amounts of comfort food, and enjoying our downtime. This year, in particular, we are faced with challenges that can weaken our immune system, and generally leave us feeling run-down, or drained. Here are some tips for getting back into the groove during holiday time.
Merry Christmas, HuffPosters!. Merry Christmas, HuffPosters!  As is our tradition, we have stuffed our Featured Blog Post stocking with a line-up of holiday inspired offerings.  I am spending Christmas in Hawaii with my daughters, my sister, and my ex-husband -- reflecting on the year gone by and following my own advice on reducing holiday stress (if you missed it, you can read the post here).  And I am continuing another personal tradition
How To Cope With Holiday Stress. U.S. News consulted with a few experts who weighed in on how to keep six common holiday stressors from turning jolly elves
'Tis The Season For Life Lessons. One study subject, \Kevin,\ said about his transformation, \I say it's the best thing that could've happened, because my
Christmas Eve and All Is Quiet. Maybe the gift of silence is what this year's holiday is really about. The gift of silence can restore the mystic within an unbelieving soul. Given the opportunity, the peace and stillness this Christmas Eve can restore something even more beautiful
GPS Guide. 'Twas the eve before Christmas and all through the night, lights dazzled on streets, shining ever so bright. Enjoy these
Christmas Curse or Celebration. Police can patrol schoolyards and meteorologists can monitor the atmosphere, but we cannot always prevent disaster. We can only react well to restore safety, and be prepared.
Destressing the Holidays. Why does a season that's supposed to be about happiness and joy so often result in just the opposite? A survey by Consumer Reports found that 90 percent of Americans find at least one thing stressful about the holiday season (who are these 10 percent who feel no holiday stress?). Of course, it's possible that just having such expectations of the season to begin with, and then feeling the guilt at not meeting them, might be part of the problem. But whatever the reason, stress is what a lot of people will be unwrapping this year. Fortunately, much of it is returnable. So what follows are tips not only for holiday stress, but for the rest of the year as well. If you're in that 90 percent who's stressed out this week and next, this might be the list you should be checking twice. Your mind and body -- as well as your family -- will thank you.
Lincoln and His Team of Homeopaths. There is a wide body of evidence that Abraham Lincoln (1809-1865) maintained a special interest in and appreciation for homeopathic medicine.  It is therefore not surprising that many of Lincoln's advisors were users of and advocates for homeopathy.
I Lost Weight. Name
Sleep-Disordered Breathing Affects 1 In 10 Kids, Study Finds. Sleep-disordered breathing -- which includes snoring and sleep apnea -- isn't just an adult condition
Rudolph's Nose Is Red To Protect It From Freezing, Regulate Brain Temperature. Rudolph's nose isn't red just so that it can light the night sky for Santa -- it's packed with red blood cells so that it
No-Fail Holiday Anywhere Workouts. While getting to the gym may not be an option for you during the holiday months, it does not mean that you cannot get in a great workout using your body weight and a few seasonal props.
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Experiences Better Than Stuff. \One of the reasons that people get more value out of experiences is that experiences are more connected to their identities
Diagnosing The Home Alone Burglars' Injuries. Since its debut in 1990, Home Alone has become as much a part of the Christmas cinematic ritual as It's a Wonderful Life
Early Bird or Night Owl? It's in Your Genes. Are you a lark, someone who likes being up and active in the early morning? Or are you a night owl, someone who tends to wake later and perhaps gains energy and focus as the day progresses, someone who likes to work (and play) in the evening hours?
This Year, Make A New Year's Resolution Resolution. By Yoni Freedhoff for U.S. News Health No doubt there are a great many reasons, from poorly crafted, nonspecific resolutions
2012 In Review. Click here to receive key dates for 2013 with your personalize 1-year Astrology forecast. October 29, 2012
Health Benefits Of Friends And Family. 'Tis the season to gather those you love and soak up the quality time together. And really, we should be doing this all year
Holiday Tips to Keep Your Weight Loss on Track. It's holiday time and if you're following a weight-loss plan, there are three different approaches you can take for those festive mealtimes. Whichever decision you make, I hope you'll savor every minute of it without guilt. Here are a few tips to help you sail through this holiday season.
Family Meal Just Once A Week Boosts Kids' Fruit And Vegetable Intake. The study, published in the Journal of Epidemiology & Community Health, shows that kids who eat together with their family
How to Stay Healthy Through the Holidays. Even though the word \holiday\ is supposed to evoke images of carefree fun and frolic, we all know the truth
Are the Holidays Bringing You Down?. No matter what is causing our \winter blues,\ it is important to stay on our own side and have faith that these moods can and will pass.  To fight these battles, we must believe in our own resilience, in our ability to tolerate pain and to overcome the inevitable hurdles life brings.
12 Red And Green Superfoods To Enjoy This Christmas. It's a good thing our food choices don't determine whether we land on Santa's \nice\ list or get relegated to the \naughty
HuffPost De-Stresses. 'Tis the season to be jolly, enjoy that \sentimental feeling,\ and sing about those sleigh bells ring-a-lingin', right? In
21 Holiday Health Mistakes. Here are 21 common mistakes made during the holidays, and how to make smarter choices instead. So what is it about the holiday
This Christmas. This season, we can give ourselves the gift of embracing our hearts in silence. Our crowded thoughts come from a crowded heart.  Taking time to enjoy silence is time for the simple beauty of life.
New England Compounding Center, Pharmacy Linked To Meningitis Outbreak, Files For Bankruptcy. NECC, a private company based in Framingham, Massachusetts, shipped the drug to medical facilities throughout the United
Surviving Holiday Imperfections. For more holiday stress busters, click here. Each year we have a mental checklist of the things that we must do. We trudge
Grief At The Holidays. The holidays are often a trigger for the bereaved and this year, for many families, Christmas may be worse than ever. There's
GPS Guide. This imagery was very powerful helping my children fall asleep for years, and any kind of imagery of a favorite place to
Healthy Holiday Cookie Recipes. By Abigail Cuffey for YouBeauty.com It's no secret that the holidays are notorious for expanding your waistline. One of the
Love, Eat, Heal. My grandma died nearly a decade ago, but I swear she's been sending me flocks of cardinals in her absence. I think she knew I'd be needing these precious symbols of her love.
Constant Worrying, Neuroticism Could Raise Risk Of PTSD. Too much worrying could be a risk factor for post-traumatic stress disorder, a new study suggests. \So the question is, 'What's
Holiday Stress. 'Tis the season to be stressed -- but you don't have to lose your cool over that parking spot at the mall. In the next few
8 Tips for Staying Healthy and Happy During the Holidays. Christmas, Hanukkah, New Year's -- these are supposed to be times of celebration, togetherness, and happiness. Yet, they can bring challenges to our physical and emotional health. Here are eight tips for staying healthy and happy during this season of joy.
December 2012. In 2012 we're coming into alignment. This is the first time our solar system is in alignment with the center of the galaxy
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (Dec. 21-27). Here are three meditations with the themes of bodily pleasure, endowment, and choosing your partner for you to ponder and practice this week.
Santa Claus Obesity. \u201cIt is really important that the people who kids look up to as role models are in good shape, eating well and getting exercise
Man 'Overdoses' On Brussels Sprouts -- But You Should Still Eat Your Greens!. But brussels sprouts haters should note that this is a unique case -- not an invitation to toss the odiferous, cruciferous
Best Cities For Men. It's that time of year again -- Men's Health magazine has released its 12th annual list of the best cities for men. CORRECTION
Tamiflu Approved By FDA For Infants With New Flu Symptoms. The FDA said the drug cannot be used to prevent flu infection in this age group. The drug is currently approved as both a
Adasuve. Dec 21 (Reuters) - Alexza Pharmaceuticals Inc said the U.S. health regulators approved Adasuve, making it the first treatment
My favorite Christmas Music. by guest blogger Maya Rodale, author of\u00a0smart and sassy romance novels \The Christians and the Pagans\ by Dar Williams
Perennial Flu Shot One Step Closer. To make a more universal vaccine that would work year after year, researchers focused on a smaller, more stable protein called
Norovirus Survives Restaurant Dishwashing Protocols, Study Finds. By Karen Hopkin (Click here for the original article and podcast) Thinking of eating out over the holidays? Well, you might
How to Enjoy Your Holidays With Your Family!. I have figured out the art of visiting my family and having a good time with them. I would like to share what always seems to work. I have given this advice to several friends and colleagues, and they all have come back saying how they had a very good holiday.
Avoid a High Heel Foot Makeover. I see many high heel-created foot problems that go on to surgery. Bunionplasty from high heels are common. I can tell you that getting your feet strong is the first step at putting off or preventing a high heel foot makeover.
Lighting Their Way. Death is not the story's title. And death is not the chapter's close. It's what is done in the face of death that makes the tale worth reading.
Let's Talk About Sex. It's time that the experience of sexuality of young adult cancer survivors is discussed, but sexuality is hardly talked about between patients and their health care providers. Patients are often left having to figure things out on their own without the information they need.
The Cure for Fear. Yes, surviving cancer takes the sting out of bad hair days and flat tires, but it also creates a sort of hyper-vigilance with regard to potential suffering -- whether on dates, at work, or even at a family meal.
Do Not Fear Your Genes. As Tom Murphy states so clearly, the decoding of a person's genome doesn't tell them how they will die, but rather how they should live. Yes, this is what we will learn from decoding our genes.
Price Check on Kindness, Lane Four, Please. The elderly woman was about to leave with her bagged items, and the conveyor belt was moving. I quickly reached into my wallet, took out a 10-spot, and touched the elderly woman on her arm. \Excuse me, ma'am, I think you dropped this.\
Mom Taught Me How to Live and Die With Courage, Spirit and Spunk. All of us still living can learn from my mother. Mom offered a stellar example of how best to leave this earth
Mistletoe Could Help Fight Colon Cancer, Study Finds. Researchers from the University of Adelaide found that mistletoe extract is effective in killing colon cancer cells in a
I Lost Weight. I feel so much better now! I now find myself wanting to work out. Who knew that would ever happen? I enjoy cooking healthy
Be an Angel. We are angels on earth who touch and are touched. In a time of darkness, we can be the vehicle for light. Intuitively, every one of us wants to leave the world a better and brighter place. Those that died last week live in us and through us.
Choosing Wellness. Today, consumers must take an active role in their own health care and choose providers and hospitals who consistently deliver high-quality and high-value care. It's critical if we want to rein in spiraling costs and enhance care.
GPS Guide. Exercise 2
If the World Ends, Will You Leave Happy?. As we wait for midnight to pass in our applicable time zone on Dec. 21, some of us might be contemplating what the end of
Holiday Stress. Sipping hot cocoa can be good for you.
Jane Fonda Birthday. We are glad she was wrong -- as are the hundreds and thousands of people working in fitness entertainment today. It's hard
Health Blog Roundup. If pull-ups aren't your forte, maybe an ab workout is more your style. Let FitSugar spice up your normal sit-up routine with
Sleeping After Sandy Hook. During this time following the Newtown tragedy, people may find that they have a hard time \shutting their brains off.\ The more they fight to quiet their minds, the more they struggle to sleep. The goal in this situation is to prevent the acute problem from developing into a chronic problem.
Healthy Christmas Cookies. Between cookie swaps, office holiday parties and gifts for neighbors and others in your life, holiday cookies are so much
Medical Privacy for Royalty and the Rest of Us. We are not all royalty, but we do deserve medical privacy. I have seen both sides and continue to be amazed how much more careful we need to be.
The Best And Worst States For Heart Health. In fact, just a little more than 1 percent of the American population could say they followed the Simple 7, the American
5 Unconventional Ways To Be A Good Friend. By Sam Ferrigno for HooplaHa.com Your friends deserve the best, and sometimes that means doing the unexpected. HooplaHa.com
How to Celebrate Joy in Spite of the Ups and Downs of Life. When we can become completely gentle with ourselves and genuine in our approach to others, we can find a celebration of joy within -- a feeling that it is wonderful to be in this world.
Costs Pose Barrier To Medical Care For Nearly One In Three Americans. Of course, it's nothing new that finances are often in the way of getting necessary care. HuffPost's Jeffrey Young reported
How Chemotherapy Works. Cancer isn't one disease, and there isn't one cure. The menu of treatment options includes drugs (chemotherapy), surgery, and radiation; they are often used together or one after another.
Wealth School. Is it possible to run a successful business and be committed to your spiritual practice?  How can your inner wealth translate into financial achievement? How does building wealth equate with spiritual values?
The Missing Link. My opinion is that the next big thing in health promotion will be a rediscovery, and reaffirmation, of the family.  Because children and parents shape one another's culture.  Because adults and kids will get to health together, or probably not at all.  Because in unity, there is strength.
5 Simple Steps to Cultivate Healing During Times of Tragedy. In a situation like this, it can be so hard to know what to do. Lacking other practical options, and having no way to protect those who have already been harmed, it can be easy to be overtaken by intense anger and other destructive emotional states.
Amoxicillin No Help For Lower Respiratory Infections, Study Finds. For the new study, published online December 18 in The Lancet Infectious Diseases, researchers recruited 2,061 patients 18
Being Determined to Find Joy in the Everyday Affects Not Only Ourselves, But Our World. Finding joy within ourselves (and being determined to do so no matter what's going on around us or what's happening in the world) really can help to make the world a better place.
Positive Countries. The most \glass-half-empty\ country? Singapore, with 46 percent of people responding \yes\ to the Gallup researchers' questions
Enough Is Enough. We simply cannot continue to cut access to mental health services and expect positive outcomes. We cannot ignore current deficiencies in our mental health and care systems.
Power of Love. There comes a point when we must decide what our endgame is going to be, personally and for the planet. To me, the only one that makes any sense is love. It's how we have to define ourselves beyond all other criteria. This will ensure the health and abundance for all.
Getting Through the Holidays (Without Going Over the River and Through the Woods!). Chances are, the holidays are going to include some stress -- especially if you're dealing with illness, grief, or other serious life challenge. However, if you go into them by taking responsibility for what you can control, there's a good chance they will be more joy-filled.
Board-Free Family Fun. No matter what holiday you're celebrating, there comes a time when the family gathering runs out of steam. While you may be tempted to head out to a movie or -- if you're me -- continue to graze until there's no food left in the house, there's an alternative
A Message on Sandy Hook and Mental Health Awareness. A tragedy like Sandy Hook can tend to solidify people's fears and prejudices about mental illness. So it is of vital importance that we, as a community, re-dedicate ourselves to eliminating the stigma that affects 1 in 4 people in our country.
Tredaptive. Merck said it no longer planned to seek regulatory approval for the drug in the United States and is advising doctors in
In Search of a Coherent Narrative. A coherent narrative helps us to integrate new information with what we already know, so that we can heal and move on. The only way I can formulate a coherent narrative about this tragedy is if all of us, collectively, use this event as a catalyst for change.
GPS Guide. GPS Guides are our way of showing you what has relieved others' stress in the hopes that you will be able to identify solutions
Acid Reflux Triggers. Between the rich treats, celebratory drinks and free days to laze about, the holidays are prime time for heartburn. While
For Successful New Year's Resolutions. How can you approach New Year's resolutions differently this year? A fascinating study about the paradox of choice might shed light onto the human behavior behind the New Year's resolution failure rate.
Keep Moving!. I know it is hard to stay committed to any behavior change like exercising daily. I also know how much better you'll feel if you exercise, stay fit, and eat right. Try to think of exercise as movement rather than a strict regimen.
Degas Dancer. This one I like to do in the office in between patients to clear my head and heart.  Hardly a day goes by when I don't look for and do this posture at some point to lift my spirits and switch up my proverbial energy.
The Heart of Christmas Past. Harkening back to the heart of Christmas in 1869, time spent with loved ones was the treasured centerpiece. This year, I hope to rejoice in the essence of a season that celebrates and strengthens our family ties alongside the humanity we can so easily extend to one another.
Use an Anti-Charity to Kick Start Your New Year's Resolutions. Most motivation behaviors are rewards for achievement, but what if there was a punishment for not achieving your goals? Enter the anti-charity. The less you believe in the cause, the harder you'll work to succeed at your goal!
Broken Hearts and Sensible Starts. When you feel broken, the heart is actually more alive than ever.\u00a0\u00a0And in these moments -- in this moment, as painful as it is -- we have the opportunity to lose our minds so that we can come to our senses.
5 Easy Steps to Ending Your Year With a Bang. This practice is about mental and spiritual mastery, or controlling your thoughts in order to be effective and confident. Whatever is blocking you or weighing on you now is the same that will impede your path in the new year. So please, take some time to do this writing exercise.
Compassion Born From Tragedy. When situations or people challenge us, we need to identify that we're angry, confused, or frustrated. If we acknowledge that we're likely to make poor decisions in these states, it's easier to find the motivation to let these emotions go.
The Worst Holiday Drinks For Your Health. Eggnog lattes have become as synonymous with the holiday season as Santa Claus. The problem is, if you drink enough of them
Generic Vicodin Recalled Because Tablets Made Too Large. Dec 20 (Reuters) - Generic drug maker Mylan Inc said on Thursday it is recalling three lots of hydrocone bitartrate, the
3 Ways to Make Holiday Treats Healthier. For more from Maria Rodale, go to www.mariasfarmcountrykitchen.com Yes, that means finding a somewhat different way of creating
Twin Miracles. There are two solstices each year. These are astronomical moments when the light is greatest and the dark is least (Summer Solstice) and when the light is least and darkness is greatest (Winter Solstice). Each solstice is a domain of experience unto itself.
3 Essential Choices That Reduce Stress. You can't avoid the 171 varieties of cheese at the grocery store, complex work situations, or the challenges of raising a family. What you can choose to do each day is only put yourself in situations where the stress is worth it.
3 Myths to Dispel About the Brain. As it turns out, we have more of a say in the strength and resilience of our brains than we may have thought. Here are three myths to dispel before we can harness the power of our \super brains.\
When I Realized That Cancer Could Kill Me. I am not in control. My oncologist is not in control. Cancer controls my schedule. No one else. And cancer decided to fucking remind me that these days are not mine to plan. These days are only mine to appreciate and take the most pleasure and joy from as possible.
Is Antibacterial Soap Making Your Kids Fat?  How Hormone Disruptors Wreak Havoc on Health. This post is part of a series I will be writing on chemicals in our everyday products that may act as endocrine disruptors. These include the antibacterial chemical tricolsan, found in many personal care products.
After Cancer, Returning to the Workplace. Grocery bills, health insurance premiums and mortgage payments don't stop when cancer strikes. Fortunately, neither do dreams nor ambition. Returning to work after cancer treatment can be both gratifying and challenging.
An MS-Stricken Doctor Changes Her Diet... and Reverses Her 'Irreversible' Decline. When Dr. Terry Wahls found herself unable to walk or even sit up in a wheelchair, she became determined to improve. Having already seen the best doctors at the renowned Cleveland Clinic and taken the state-of-the-art drugs, she knew she had to do something radical.
Christmas 'To Don't' List. For more ways to de-stress this holiday season, check out these tips from PsychCentral.com Founder, and HuffPost Blogger
Coffee Drinking Linked With Lower Oral Cancer Death Risk. The study is based on 968,432 people who were part of the Cancer Prevention Study II, who were followed for 26 years. No
When Children Are Slaughtered. There are those who wonder if the massacre could somehow have been predicted and prevented by better law enforcement coordination and awareness of the troubled profile of Adam Lanza.  As a psychologist, I insist the answer is a resounding, \Not even close! Pure folly!\
How I Lost My Love Handles in 2012 -- And Ate More Than I Ever Have. I have not lost weight because I've traded body fat for muscle, and I wasn't trying to lose weight. But I am tighter than ever, and I am buying clothes one size smaller now. I have more energy than I sometimes know what to do with, and I feel confidence that I have never felt before.
EU Tobacco Regulations. Current EU legislation says health warnings on the front of packs must cover at least 30 percent. \We take some relief that
Where I Stand on Guns. After I had dropped her off, my very own precious first-grader asked me why the flag at the Perkins Restaurant we passed
How to Handle Your Feelings About the Sandy Hook Shooting. How does one handle the news that 26 people were shot in an elementary school, 20 of whom were small children? Managing our feelings in situations like this can be confusing and overwhelming. How do we find any power when we're powerless?
Be Willing to Feel. Thirteen years ago, as a cancer patient with 3 and 5-year-old boys, I was afraid. I gained peace by asking myself over and over, \What am I afraid of right now, in this moment?\ And the answer was always the same
Next Steps for Sandy Hook. Survivors of tragedies struggle in ways that most people find hard to understand. The emotions are complex and confusing. The feelings depend upon on the psychological makeup of the individual involved and vary depending on the nature of the traumatic event.
Coping With the Sandy Hook Tragedy. This shocking event has captured the attention of most of the world, and there is some small solace in knowing that millions of hearts are sharing in concern and compassion for the victims and their families.
Autism Is Not to Be Feared... Fear Is. It is important you understand the ramifications of connecting autism with murder. It's important  to understand why the words we use, the constant stream of negativity in relation to autism, is causing untold damage to my child, to your child, to all autistic people.
Top 10 for Policy and Action in Integrative Medicine and Health in 2012. Present action and policy are laying infrastructure that will inform and embolden participants into the future. Here are the Top 10 for policy and action in integrative medicine and health for 2012.
Getting the Right Help for Troubled Teens. Residential treatment centers focus on helping the child take personal accountability. Through individual, group and family therapy, residential staff work on shifting the child from blaming others for his problems to acknowledging that he is where he is because he made poor choices.
Everyday Energy Booster. It's that time of the year when many Americans finally give themselves permission to do something that they deny themselves of the rest of the year
Incivek, Hepatitis C Drug, Can Cause Potentially Fatal Skin Reactions. Dec 19 (Reuters) - Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc warned on Wednesday its hepatitis C drug Incivek, which is used in conjunction
I Lost Weight. Name
How To Manage Holiday Stress. Missed our latest #livehealthychat on dealing with holiday stress? If you did, not to worry -- we've got a rundown right
Helping Children Navigate the Holidays After Tragedy. Traditions are the thread that unite and comfort us, transcending time and generations. While they help us maintain a connection to those who have died or the past that we've lost, they focus on the living and the love that carries us forward.
The Abundance Paradox. The key to thriving in this land of abundance is to recognize the paradox and relearn to use your natural cues of hunger and satiety to guide you. I like to introduce people to mindful eating by teaching them to ask the question \Am I hungry?\ before starting (or continuing) to eat.
Vitamin D For Healthy Muscles And Aging Gracefully. Read on for ways to sneak more vitamin D into your diet
You Are Not Helpless. How do you light up the world? How do you bring light to another person's life?  Each of us has the power to make the world a little bit brighter.  Each of us can choose to shine our own light, transforming the darkness one flicker at a time.
Now You Know, So Let It Start With You. You're about to consider something that perhaps you didn't know was possible
Sports' Secret Weapon. Athletes at all levels of play have access to a powerful tool to improve their performance, one that won't break any laws or put anyone's health at risk. What's this wonder drug? Sleep.
Adam Lanza. Academically-gifted youth, such as Adam Lanza has been described, sometimes have emotional challenges that are called \twice exceptional,\ which cause them to channel their power for great good or for mighty tragedy.
Naturopathic Doctors Fill in Gap in Physician Shortage. With the current and impending shortage of MDs and the increasing openness to natural medicine in the general population, NDs should be high on the list of providers to bridge the gap in our imminent provider shortage.
Workplace Bullying Linked With More Prescriptions To Treat Insomnia, Depression. A 2003 study in the journal Occupational and Environmental Medicine also showed a link between workplace bullying and depression
When Hardship Hits. We can choose to think flexibly and adaptively, rather than rigidly and maladaptively, by redefining painful life blows as opportunities to evolve. Suffering is the \rock-tumbler\ of life, within which the nuggets of our battered selves get polished into our highest and best selves.
Self-Parenting 101. In life, the person you spend the most time with is yourself.  You are always in your own company. Why not keep company with someone who loves you as opposed to someone who does not particularly like you, or worse?
A Duchess, Morning Sickness, and Royal Implications... Twins? A Baby Girl?. I wish Kate Middleton improved symptoms and an easier, safe pregnancy for her and her family. I also hope that someday all expecting women will experience the skilled care and concern that a duchess deserves.
A Better, More Successful Approach to the New Year's Resolution. It is hard to believe the New Year is almost two weeks away. As much as I like to subscribe to the resolution tradition, I've come to realize over the years that often, they don't stick. The reason is simple
The Perfect Weight-Loss Romance. Before putting all of your energy (literally) into your workouts, be sure that you are prepping yourself by eating the foods that provide you with the nutrients your body needs. A successful pairing of exercise and nutrition is not beyond your reach!
Sulforaphane, Compound In Broccoli, Could Fight Leukemia. Acute lymphoblastic leukemia is particularly common in children, and can be cured about 80 percent of the time, researchers
The Best Karma Yogi in the World Is Santa. For Santa is more than just a jolly old guy in a red outfit. A true yogi is someone who displays wisdom and compassion, and Santa is an excellent example. He sees everyone as his family, is always helping others, and he cares about you whether you're naughty or nice.
Story-Busting. When we acknowledge that everyone experiences pain, that every person struggles with difficult issues, and that most everyone is making up stories too, we can let go of comparing and contrasting and simply see us as all in this together.
Feasting as Families Age... Mindfully!. In anticipation of holiday gatherings with family, frequently gift yourself with the mindful practice of sitting with the breath, appreciating the air, sipping seasonal drinks and really tasting each drop.  Feast on feelings, honor each morsel of the moment.
Addiction Specialist Answers a Few Simple Questions for Smokers. Dr. James H. Berry, DO, medical director of Chestnut Ridge Inpatient Acute Dual Diagnosis Program and assistant professor at the West Virginia Health Science Center's Department of Behavioral Medicine and Psychiatry, answers a few short questions for smokers.
Why the World Doesn't End. This season, when the darkness seems to grow deeper around us, may be the time to gather often with candles marking prayers for the future and help tip the scales towards peace and greater understanding.
Yogic Time-Out. Feeling agitated or stressed? Try this counting breath exercise with Larissa Hall Carlson in the video above. Larissa Hall
Veggies for Carnivores. Over Thanksgiving, I was invited to dinner at the home of a friend. At least two of my fellow guests were vegetarians, so could I \bring some vegetarian sides?\ I turned to the Internet for help and purchased a copy of Veggies for Carnivores by Lora Krulak.
Fight Colds And Flu With These 11 Apps. Worried about the sniffles or a cough? Here are 11 high-tech ways to stay healthy this season.
Field Notes From Newtown. We went to bed devastated Friday night and woke up on Saturday angry and afraid. We want answers and solutions, and we want to believe that somehow there is a way to move forward. But how? The start is by avoiding the urge to isolate, focusing on reestablishing a sense of safety.
Richard Branson. MP
Resolutions. I love celebrating the new year, and the concept of resolving to become \better\ in whatever sense that resonates for you. That's why I share these thoughts -- because nothing frustrates me more than the January shine, the February wane, and the March drop-off.
32 Things to Do at 32. My birthday this year was on Thanksgiving, and school's out for the winter, so I have a month's head start on the traditional New Year's resolution. Here's how I've been progressing thus far in case anyone needs an idea for a resolution.
'Where Have All the Flowers Gone?'. Mesmerized by the coverage of the Newtown massacre, I could not get this tune (from my younger days) out of my head. More carnage. Only this time, even younger children -- not even young men, but innocents who would never come of age.
How to Be Grateful to People We Don't Like. When we take 100 percent responsibility for what is happening inside of us, miracles happen. We find it easy to be grateful because we have transformed dislike into compassion.
Hotheaded. Rather than try to make someone sound wrong, the purpose of this article is to explore the potential yoga postures have to open the body so that we may sit for longer periods of time as was always intended.
Today Is the Day. Today is the day for immediate action, but it starts inside me, inside you. Like Gandhi said, we must be the change we wish to see in the world.
A Few Flu Facts. On the surface, the flu vaccine seems like a no-brainer. History has shown us influenza can be a devastating and lethal disease worth attempting to control if not eradicate. However, looking more closely, we find that these apparent no-brainers do, in fact, present complicated policy questions.
The 'End' Is Never Really That. Even when an old, heavy redwood tree falls terminally to the ground, its seeds are already on their way to producing another life. And now, as we look to the year 2013, we can discuss the importance of realizing that the ending of year 2012 is merely prepping us for what's to come.
No Evidence Exercise Plays Role In Detoxification, Health Experts Say. Similar weeks in other cities are planned for 2013. Meditative movement practices, such as yoga and tai chi, she added, can
Are You Undermining Your Midlife Renewal and Vitality?. The key to redirecting your karma is to awaken and accept your responsibility for dealing with the residue.  Forgiveness and compassion toward yourself can help open the door to real change and avoid remaining caught within a continuous loop.
Heart Risks From Sleep Apnea Similar To Those From Diabetes. The study \suggests that OSA [obstructive sleep apnea] is associated with a high risk for cardiovascular disease,\ study
Celebrity Weight Loss 2012. When actress Marisa Jaret Winokur's doctor told her she had high cholesterol and needed to take meds or lose weight, it functioned
7 Steps to Making and Keeping Resolutions. There is something about the anticipation of a new year that gives us a clean slate and prompts us to recommit to improving ourselves. Use that energy to jumpstart your transformation.
Keeping a Resolution. Getting up on a Saturday morning, lacing up my shoes and going for a run in Central Park was something I wanted in my life. So nearly 12 months ago, for my New Year's resolution, I decided I would not just \learn to run\ but also complete a 5k race before the ball dropped on 2013.
'Where Did That Thought Come From?' Exorcising the Curses That Live in Our Heads. The loving, consistent support of family and friends is part of the reason people find peace and happiness in this life.  It makes sense that we have to exorcise from our mind-body system the negative words left there by others.
9 Ways Successful People Defeat Stress. The difference between those who are successful and those who aren't is not whether or not you suffer from stress, but how you deal with it when you do. Here are nine scientifically-proven strategies for defeating stress whenever it strikes.
I Lost Weight. How I Lost it
Coffee. Coffee is amazing.  But like any drug, its caffeine content may carry side effects that outweigh the benefits of consumption.  Be smart and take time to understand the health consequences of caffeinated beverages and come to your own conclusions.
Tiny Tastes. Sneaky holiday calories are everywhere this time of year. If you took the time to count all those \tiny tastes\ each day, you would be surprised at how quickly they can sabotage your weight-maintenance efforts.
An Educational Resoulution in Honor of Connecticut. We are the desired future now. What do we have to do today so that tomorrow is better for all of us? The feeling of peace, serenity, and safety ought to pervade our educational systems without fear.
Your Best Response to Sandy Hook Shootings Can Be Saving Others. That's no small achievement, even if it happens just some of the time. Looking back that may be one of the most satisfying ways by which you measure your life. In that spirit, let's take every opportunity to support others in savoring this holiday.
The 4 Biggest Food Stories of the Year (And What They Taught Us). Last year, I wrapped up the year in food and nutrition stories with a detailed chronological summary. This time, I want to highlight four of the year's most significant events in the realm of food, food politics, and nutrition -- and the lessons they imparted.
Sandy Hook. The future will change one person at a time and one thought at a time.  You can't bring back a child, but you can bring back the hope in one.  You can show love to those that have been raised in hate and you can be an oasis of kindness in a desert of cruelty.
Antibiotics and the Common Cold. How do you talk with a patient who honestly believes antibiotics are the only cure for their crud in a way that honors their misery and does not end up giving inappropriate antibiotics?
Surefire Stress Relief, Part 7. Don't let your inner Scrooge short-change what should be one of the happiest times of the year. Make an inner decision -- a heart commitment -- that you're going to do things differently this year.
Lighten Up. On the path of life, most of us are hauling way too much weight. What's in your own backpack? If you're like most of us, you've got too many items on each day's to-do list and too much stuff in the closet. Too many entanglements with other people. And too many worries, guilts, and regrets.
Beyond Holiday Stress. Any combination of these five steps can become part of a conscious, mindful choice to lower the stress level of the holidays for you, your children and your extended family.
Speculating About Adam Lanza's Mental State. At this point, any comment on the psychiatric profile of Adam Lanza, the 20-year-old man responsible for these murders, is complete hearsay. By themselves, these traits do not indicate any diagnosis at all, although we have been quick to dissect them in the search for meaning.
Finding Light in the Darkness. Each of us can light a candle and stand up to darkness. Let's be a community that extends larger than Newtown. We are all connected beyond the boundaries of our cities or towns and can make a difference together.
Chocolate Chemical Theobromine Could Be A Cure for the Common Cough. Another reason to eat more chocolate
Celebrating Life in the Midst of Tragic, Violent Loss. How do you celebrate the holidays in the wake of a national tragedy?  How do you find life in the midst of carnage too horrible to imagine? Here's what you need to know, from the perspective of a parent who has lost their child from a catastrophic act of violence.
We Are All Hiding Something. If it turns out Adam Lanza is bipolar and I'm bipolar, does the bipolar explain his violence? Or does it explain my passivity? The labels are useful up to a point -- but they're hopeless in moments like these when the scope of the behavior is so far beyond the norm.
Coping With the Sleep Disorders Expected After the Sandy Hook Shooting. Without doubt, parents, teachers, neighbors, first responders and all of the bereaved are likely already dealing with acute sleep disorders, including insomnia, as the shock of the event fades into insurmountable grief.
Emotional Eating. Instead, Shuman counsels patients not to have once-a-year foods. If they love a certain dish, they should make it occasionally
Loosen Your Grip On Those Grudges. More From YouBeauty
Paolo Cardini. For many of us, multitasking is part of everyday life
Children's Mental Health After the Shooting in Newtown. In the wake of a disaster of horrific impact and proportions, many wonder about children's responses to traumatic events and how best to support them.
7 Things We Learned About Longevity In 2012. Assuming that the world isn't ultimately coming to an end next week, most of us are approaching the end of the year with
Take A Hike! Unplugging And Recharging In Nature Boosts Creativity. A study, published in the journal Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin, showed that seeing the color green before being
Top 3 Foam Roll Exercises. Foam rolling helps to create and maintain long, smooth muscles by massaging out the knots and releasing trigger points. Here are my three favorite exercises on the foam roller.
The Newtown Shootings. We don't necessarily \recover.\ We may never \get over it.\  Instead, we may wrap ourselves in the wisdom gained from loss. We may learn that life means even more to us than we realized before our loved one was taken away.
Still Struggling With Insomnia? Consider a Sleep Retreat. Largely as a result of the untenable demands of modern lifestyle, far too many of us continue to struggle with insomnia. Let's face it, those bottomless to-do lists persistently trump our need for rest, recreation and, of course, sleep.
How To Get A Good Night's Sleep This Holiday Season. You don't have time to sleep, you say? That's no excuse. Neglecting sleep in favor of fitting in more errands and holiday
Weight Loss Exercise. The study was published in the Journal of Applied Physiology on Dec. 15. Now, researchers at Duke University are closer to
Using Mindfulness to Train Attention. Pausing is an introductory mindfulness practice, but it offers a feasible and practical technique with which to start.  Over time, training attention and awareness enhance cognitive functioning and contribute to emotional balance.
WATCH. Some people are just so darned determined to scare us with doomsday prophecies... sheesh!  But, fortunately, we don't have to let them spoil our day.
Psychological Effects Of Connecticut Shooting. When Peggy Lindholm heard about the school shootings in Newtown, Conn., on Friday, she thought back to April 20, 1999, when
How I Learned to Forgive (Or the Best Damn Psychic Reading I Ever Had). Sitting there at the kitchen table covered with coffee cups and an ashtray full of cigarette butts, I began to slowly comprehend that working on my problems wasn't the same as healing them. \You didn't forgive him.\ Those four words changed my life.
How to Survive the Holidays With Family. What exactly are you incredulous about? People being themselves. Exactly as they've always been, year after year. Why is it so hard to live with the way people are? Because we can't accept it. Because we want them to be different. Surprise! They are still the same. Surprise again! So are we.
Another Look at Thyroid Shields and Mammograms. After numerous interviews, I learned why thyroid shields were not necessary. In fact, they were considered a detriment to the mammogram process. I came out with a very different perspective than I had going in.
Singling for the Holidays. Cuddling in front the fireplace. New Year's Eve kisses. Mistletoe. Considering that this was a time of year that we counted down to as kids, it can be pretty tough when you are single.
The Top Three Healthy Holiday Eating Tips (VIDEO). The biggest mistake people make this time of year, says Glassman, is skipping meals. You might think it's a good idea to
How To Cope With Holiday Stress. For more on stress, click here. Hungry for more? Write to eatandrun@usnews.com with your questions, concerns, and feedback
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Recipe for a Healthy Family (and Delicious Sangria). We spoke with the Duers, an all-American family of five living in New York, on how they stay connected, sane, and healthy while juggling family and work responsibilities.
Why Life's Speed Bumps Are Calming Devices, Not Places to Pitch Tents. Reaching any goal, manifesting any desire is a simple matter of deciding that you want it and starting to move in that direction. It's no more complicated than driving from say, Los Angeles to San Francisco.
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (Dec. 14-20). Here are three meditations with the themes of talking dirty, quickies, and fairy tales for you to ponder and practice this week.
Change Is Easy... When You Want It. Before you start making lofty resolutions that you know you won't keep, why don't you prepare to do it right this year? Use my three steps to set yourself up to win and make your resolutions stick.
10 Tricks to Avoid Utter Misery This Holiday Season (And the Rest of Your Life). Be happy with what you have instead of allowing your mind to torture you with machinations of things and situations you supposedly don't have.  Instead of wasting time imagining what you think your holidays and your life should resemble, be grateful for the way they are.
B Is for Balance. When we achieve a balance on the outside with our schedules, we can make time and room to strive for an internal balance with kind self-talk, and to learn how to be more relaxed, accepting, content, and present.
The Comfort of Growing Older. When I was in the 20s and 30s, a million questions filled my head -- would I get married, have kids, could I make a career out of writing, would I be promoted, would they like what I've written, would I lose my job, buy a house? All that noise made it tough to see the forests from the trees.
Holiday Tip. A great way -- perhaps the best way -- to cut calories is to trim your portion sizes, especially of foods that are high in calories. That would include many treats you would find at holiday parties and events.
Jogging Outside Could Make You Dumber. They found that those that ran in the city had lower IQ scores and had a higher risk of brain inflammation, according to
Can Neuroscience Predict Human Behavior?. In the years to come, neuroscience may evolve to yield solid predictions about how genetics and brain conditions can influence a specific individual's particular choices at particular times. But for now, the tools of neuroscience should not be accorded the deference of mathematical certainty.
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
Iclusig. The drug, given the brand name Iclusig, was approved three months ahead of time under the FDA's accelerated program for earlier
Journey to the Sacred. Mark Nepo is a philosopher, poet, and teacher whose work has inspired millions of readers to take the spiritual plunge. I recently caught up with this modern-day magus at his home to talk about his new book, Seven Thousand Ways To Listen.
I Lost Weight. Together, the all-stars here have lost nearly 2,300 pounds.
Don't Wait to Prevent Diabetes. Small, reasonable changes can add up to a lot of benefits in your future. Incremental adjustments can ensure the earthquake of a diabetes diagnosis never happens to you.
Don't Dread the Holiday Visit to Your Family. Instead of seven swans a-swimming or eight maids a-milking, wouldn't you just be happy to have seven to eight hours of sleep a night while visiting family or friends this holiday season?
Understanding the Circuit of Life. Much of the quality of our lives depends on how we react to what were aware of in life. Every moment we face the choice to either allow our negative emotions to distort how we treat others or let the free flow of love, goodness, and acceptance bathe others with spiritual blessings.
Jump-Start Your New Year's Resolution to Lose Weight Today. Why not pick up a few new, healthy habits before the start of 2013?  By following these simple tips, you will be able to leave the extra holiday pounds (and the guilt that comes with them) in 2012.
Healthy Holiday Drinks. For more on the nutrition of your favorite fall drinks, click through the slideshow below
Blue Christmas. Lights, music, festivities, and feasts all around -- but if you're grieving the loss of a loved one, it is anything but \the most wonderful time of the year.\ If you're grieving and are wondering how you'll survive the season, use the following six suggestions to ease the way.
Dec. 21, 2012. The winter solstice (Dec. 21 in the Northern Hemisphere) is one of the most important celestial events of the year, and it has always been a festival of lights in every culture. In ancient times, people knew that winter would be hard, so they found a way to feel hope in the season of dark.
Grinching the Inner Scrooge. Working as a professional, being a mother with lots of friends and family, and carrying the local reputation of social doyenne meant that the busyness of shopping, wrapping, and party-throwing ran my elf legs ragged. For years, the days between Thanksgiving and mid-January were a battle.
Yoga Can Disrupt the School-to-Prison Pipeline. Today, Niroga conducts over 100 yoga classes a week in 40 sites throughout the Bay Area, serving over 5,000 children, youth, and adults annually, in mainstream and alternative schools, juvenile halls and jails, rehab centers, and cancer hospitals.
6 Easy Ways To Make Everyone Around You Sick. And, if you do all the wrong things, you can also make yourself even sicker. \6 Easy Ways To Make Everyone Around You Sick
Psychiatry Takes a Step Forward in Understanding Alcoholism. The changes that are being proposed to substance abuse diagnoses in the DSM -- especially as they pertain to alcoholism -- may open the door to many people understanding that they have a problem and seeking help for it sooner than later. This would be a good thing.
High-Fat Food Linked With Brain Chemical Changes, Withdrawal Symptoms, Mouse Study Finds. Eating junk food can actually change the brain, spurring symptoms of anxiety and depression if you stop consuming it, according to a new study in mice.
Rejecting the Wanting Self. As the monk in the Zen tale shows, if we push away desire, we disconnect from our tenderness and we harden against life. We become like a \rock in winter.\ When we reject desire, we reject the very source of our love and aliveness.
Holistic Help for Holiday Stress. The holidays have arrived in full force, and while it's easy to get in the spirit of the season, it's just as easy to feel overwhelmed and stressed.
Finding a Peaceful Path Through the Holidays. The holidays are upon us. Peace on earth, and goodwill to all. Right? Or perhaps it feels more like stress at home and ill will toward family? There is another possibility. This year, take the peaceful path through the holidays.
The Brilliance of Meditation. Even though meditation is something that's in my wheelhouse, I've already begun to feel profound changes.  The most immediate change is that I've started meditating twice a day -- something I've wanted to try for a while but have never gotten around to doing.
Remembrance of People Passing. This is the time of year when people recall events of the past 12 months, but more important, the lives we lost.
A Salty Minefield for Parents. Most people concerned about too much sodium in the diet probably think it poses a risk only to grown ups. Investigators from the Center for Science in the Public Interest recently toured the supermarket and found a very salty minefield parents must navigate on behalf of their children.
Tips for Sharing a Cancer Diagnosis With Your Children. In the dizzying days after a cancer diagnosis there is so much emotion that it might be hard to think about what to do. But for those of us who are parents, helping children adjust to this news is vital.
What If This Was Your Last Christmas?. For better or worse, we don't know who is going to be around the Christmas tree next year. So I'll put it to you again
Inspirational Tweets. Of course we'd like to include ourselves on the list (Have you seen our #morningmantras?), but instead opted to highlight
Protected Sleep Time For Medical Interns Could Decrease Fatigue, Increase Sleep Time. The study included two trials; one of which involved medical interns at the Philadelphia Veterans Affairs Medical Center
High Tech, High Touch. We live and practice in an increasingly technology-driven society.  Email and texting are default methods of communication, and our patients request that we friend them on Facebook and follow health advice delivered in brief 140-character bursts on Twitter.
Blood Clots, Up Close And Personal. By William Ferguson (Click here for the original article) Current modeling techniques such as light transmission aggregometry
Mini Strokes Can Cause Brain Damage, Lead To Dementia And Cognitive Impairment. Mini-strokes often are detected well after the damage has been done, she says, and quite possibly by the time a patient has
Chlamydia Rate Continues To Climb In The U.S., CDC Reports. In 2011, gay and bisexual men made up nearly three-quarters, or 72 percent, of all cases of syphilis. Young people had the
Generation Why. Each year, some 70,000 young adults between the ages of 15 and 39 are diagnosed with cancer. And their stories prompted HuffPost
Love Letter to Father Christmas. Love, Katherine \My child, I did get you that horse, it just took awhile.\ It has been many years since I've written, but
Making Room for Spiritual Practice. Simply put, I define spiritual practice as something you do every single day that draws you deeper into who you really are, by connecting you with your divine self.
I Am Not Afraid to Admit That. Until we open up the conversation about treating mental illness and take away the shame that comes with it, to many suicide will still seem like the only way out of the pain that they are enduring.
How to Avoid the Holiday Bloat. This time of year is full of tempting food at the office, indulging potluck parties, and family get togethers. Whether you're looking to shed a few pounds or maintain a healthy lifestyle, here are a few tips to not overdo it during this holiday season.
Do You Have a Handle on Holiday Blues?. We are in the throes of the holiday season, a merry time of year -- but that's not true for many of us, who are living less-than-perfect lives. Here are some tips that can help you to cope with holiday stress when you are feeling out of sorts.
When the Most Trusted Profession Falls Prey. Nurses like Jacintha Saldanha are \second victims.\ Recent studies have shown that nurses are often traumatized when errors occur.
Chris Christie Weight Comments. When Barbara Walters asked New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie whether he is too fat to become president, Christie dismissed the
Why Is Therapy Like a Toxic Dump?. The benefits of therapy are nice \work\ if you can get it. The effort to figure out your conflicts and motivations on a comfortable couch in a nicely-decorated office with one other person, rather than unloading on your loved ones and friends, may be well worth the effort.
Miss Grinch. Are you excited for Christmas this year? Or are you like me, dragging your feet? It seems like Thanksgiving barely happened
Holiday Time. Holiday weight gain can be avoided if you are smart, organized and committed to following these simple steps. Begin by adopting these habits today so you have them well-established before you make another New Year's resolution to lose weight.
The Healing Power of Pine. Oils For Bronchitis Or Chest Coughs Pine's ability to heal isn't confined to your emotions. It also provides gentle relief
Wheelchair Wisdom. Gratitude reminds us to find our happiness in exceptional things, mundane things, the good things, the so-so things -- even the terrible things. Rather than focusing on what might be more, better, or different, why not start being grateful for what is in front of you right now?
8 Ways to Make Holidays More Meaningful. You've perfected low-fat holiday cookies. You hit the outlets in early October for pre-season shopping. You've decked the halls, hung the mistletoe, lit the menorah and trimmed the tree. But what have you done to celebrate the true spirit of the holidays?
Deep Thoughts, No Fooling. It's not your fault that you don't think harder and better.  You're not wired for it.  Deep thinking requires effort, and no matter how hardworking you think you are, we don't like to expend the effort required to think hard.  It's a subconscious thing.
Mind, Body, Fitness Goals. In a previous post, I shared my story and gave advice on how you can actually start loving your workouts, make them count, stay motivated, and squash excuses. Now for the other half of the equation
Are Your Eyes Strained from Too Much Screen Time?. It started small. My vision was a little blurry after working on the computer for a few hours. Then, I started to get headaches in the late afternoon. A few weeks later I noticed that I was having trouble reading street signs. Sound familiar?
The Top 10 Workout Songs for December. Closing out the year is an eclectic bunch of tracks, which ought to help you polish off December in style.
Got Cancer? Take Acting Classes!. Got cancer? Start acting classes! Or at least that's what I ended up doing. It's amazing that even when you feel like your life has stalled, something will come along and get it going again.
Deep Brain Stimulation Implant Tested In Alzheimer's Trial. The approach is already used in some people with Parkinson's, and seems to have an effect in decreasing tremors and medication
I Lost Weight. Check out more of our inspiring weight loss stories below
It's Not About the Stuff. If you are tired of your holiday experience being too focused on stuff, I challenge you to do it differently this year. Concentrate on how kind, generous, and present you can be during the holidays.
Mindfulness, Dorothy, and that Yellow Brick Road. These simple tools can help us get started on the ultimate treasure hunt, where self-awareness and self-acceptance reign, and conscious choices begin rocking our world, rather than the more common suffering-is-all mindset.
Most Searched Diets 2012. The end of the year is nearing, and that means it's time for Google's annual Zeitgeist list -- 2012's most popular searches
Compression-Only CPR Better Preserves Brain Function. \Most victims don't receive any CPR, so we need to encourage chest-compression-only CPR and public access defibrillation
Visual Impairment Increasing In U.S. From Macular Degeneration, Diabetic Retinopathy. The study included 9,471 people ages 20 and older who were part of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey between
What I Know for Sure About a Difficult Climb. People, I gotta tell you
Fearlessly Fighting the Holiday Stress. This time of the year I get a barrage of patients who feel terribly stressed due to the holidays. I tell my patients they have a choice
I Hate That I Still Love the Alcoholic That Was Once in My Life!. It is a heavy-hearted realization that you must go your separate ways; and you can lick your wounds, go on dating sites, even move 3,000 miles away, but the love, friendship and history you had with this person still takes up at least a little space in your soul.
3 Easy Exercises for Being Present in Less Than a Minute (VIDEO). Often times, people live in a constant state of past and future thoughts.  In this state, you're only partially present to what's here now. It takes intention and effort to be fully present.  What does it mean to be present, and how can one practice presence in the moment?
Watchful Waiting. However, it's important to note that watchful waiting isn't necessarily right for everyone with prostate cancer -- it's important
Healthiest State Rankings Of 2012. \As a nation, we've made extraordinary gains in longevity over the past decades, but as individuals we are regressing in
Have Fun Without the Stress This Holiday Season. In real life, unless you have a personal event planner or live in the Land of Oz, it's difficult, stressful and maybe even impossible to pull off the perfect holiday. Here are a few ways to calm your nerves and your expectations during the \most wonderful time of the year.\
Blogging Friendship Leads to Weight Loss. The road to clean eating is paved in blog posts. Okay, that's probably not the case for everyone, but it worked for me.
Fat Guy in a Zumba Class. It's taken some serious psychological rewiring to get me to make my health a priority. If I can do it, anyone can. I'm a middle-aged grandpa whose last athletic feats were performed when Jimmy Carter was president.
News Flash. The pain of gout usually comes on quickly, and after a day or so, it starts to subside. But over time, the crystals, which stay in the joint, can destroy the entire joint.
The World's Most Powerful Question (And Your New Year's Delusions). We're all great at describing the huge gaping hole that's sinking the ship, but that won't keep the ship afloat. We need to act, not throw our hands up in despair. And to act, we need to believe there's a way out.
Morning Mood. Open the curtains to let sunlight in Spend the first 30-60 minutes after waking outside or in a room with bright lights Encourage
Depression. Working with mindfulness and meditation in this way is only one approach that is showing encouraging results  in studies for preventing relapse in patients with depression. However, there may be other ways that are supportive to you.
Send Happy Thoughts and Move On. A little over a month ago, I had my heart broken. It was far from the first time, and I'm certain it won't be the last.  What made this particular time special is I didn't see it coming, and that hasn't happened since the first time.
The Best Way To Fight A Cold. Have any skunk fat handy? No? What's your go-to cold cure? Tell us in the comments below! Heaps of vitamin C Chicken soup
Climbing Cancer Mountain. Challenged by the river, I learned that the trick to kayaking is the same trick I used to navigate my illness -- you flow. Fighting against the current lands you upside-down, underwater, with your head bouncing against rocks.
Discover the Benefits of Mindfulness. Do you sometimes find yourself thinking more about past and/or future things than what you're doing in the present? If so, you might be missing much of the beauty the life has to offer.
Illness and Relationships. There's no manual for dating with chronic illness -- there's no easy way to integrate your sick universe with the healthy without causing friction. You will feel the friction. You will be angry. But bravery is forging ahead anyway.
Presents or Presence? How to Have the Best Holiday Season Ever. \How am I going to make it through the holidays?\ It's a common cry. But wait. What if it doesn't have to be like this at all? What if you could have the holiday season be a time of ease, satisfaction, and fun? Does this sound too good to be true?
FDA. So long as no one questions how and where antibiotics get used in food production, Big Pharma keeps profiting from selling more of these precious drugs than they ought to.
GPS Guide. The stress and strain of constantly being connected can sometimes take your life -- and your well-being -- off course. GPS
The New DSM Reaches the Finish Line. You may have already heard our big news in psychiatry
Surprising Food Remedies For Diabetes. A diet to prevent type 2 diabetes includes lots of fruits and vegetables, whole grains, and lean protein. It's also low in
Overweight Soldiers Booted For Failing Military Fitness Tests. The U.S. military's biggest branch last year unveiled a a combat-readiness test that includes obstacle course running, running
Weight Loss? There's An App For That. Mobile devices that let people track how much they eat and exercise may help them shed pounds over and above the benefits
The Transformational Power of Storytelling. While myths, as vehicles for conveying wisdom, have been around since the beginning of human history, the therapeutic use of metaphor -- the subtly structured \story with a message\ -- is a more recent development.
Optimal Diets for Longevity. The conversation regarding what constitutes the ideal diet for optimal wellness and longevity is an ongoing and exhausting debate. Experts from each respective dietary camp have a plethora of data pointing to their case for why their particular system is the gold standard.
'Inappropriate Use of the ER'. Policymakers should be aware that even well-informed patients with good access to primary care need the ER. Legislation should aim to increase availability of primary care, but not penalize for use of emergency services.
Compassion Fatigue Is a Call to Action. Remember the oxygen mask and get your needs taken care of first. Take exquisite care of yourself as the foundation for taking care of others. This is the only way you can be emotionally available for your patients and your family and avoid even deeper levels of burnout.
What Are You Doing for You This Holiday Season?. Have you thought of what you need to do to get through the holidays? No, I'm not talking about gift lists. I am talking about you. Have you thought about what you need so you don't go crazy at some point before the New Year?
Surviving the Holidays As an Alzheimer's Caregiver. Balance is the key to getting through the holidays without drowning your sorrows in eggnog. It's not always easy but with a little creativity and a few adjustments, you can lessen your loved one's stress levels without losing your own quality of life.
Everything I Need to Know About Cancer I Learned From Lollapalooza. According to my oncologist, I'm stuck over here at Stage 4, listening to a lame Gin Blossoms cover band that he says is called \Follicular Lymphoma.\ What? I've heard of worse band names at Lollapalooza.
Squeezing Enlightenment for Everything It's Worth. A consistent, daily practice of yogic meditation chips away at the workings of the mind.  As we devote ourselves to this practice over time, we empower ourselves to observe our ego as being separate from ourselves. This allows a more natural insight to emerge.
Sleeping Longer At Night Could Improve Blood Pressure Levels. \While these preliminary findings have to be interpreted with caution due to the small sample size, they encourage future
Surefire Stress Relief, Part 6. With self-compassion and patience, you can emerge from the depths of challenging times, especially if you connect with the strength that comes from truly putting your heart into the intention to move forward.
Cold And Flu. By Madeline Vann, M.P.H. Medically reviewed by Farrokh Sohrabi, M.D. You can catch a cold any time of year, but winter is
Carotenoids In Fruits And Vegetables May Lower Breast Cancer Risk, Review Finds. Researchers from Brigham & Women's Hospital and Harvard Medical School found that women who have higher levels of carotenoids
Prescription Painkillers Mixed With Alcohol. High schools and colleges across our nation need to be aware of this growing threat and the need to educate students about the dangers of prescription drug misuse along with excessive drinking and illegal drug abuse.
6 Tips to Maintaining Sanity During the Holidays. Work/life balance can be a challenge at any time of the year, but add in end-of-the-year business needs and a need to step up the family obligations and you're met with a near-impossible situation. Outside of cloning yourself, what can you do?
The Tricky Business of Diagnosing Young Adult Cancer. We're supposed to be in the prime of our lives; we're not supposed to get sick. But my cancer was misdiagnosed for over a year, and all the while my disease progressed inside of me. Doctors must be more aware that young people can, and do, get cancer.
I Lost Weight. How I Lost It
Tough Mudder, Spartan Races See Increase In Women Participants Pushing To Build Strength, Test Limits. After finishing, Hsu also experienced the added satisfaction of having held her own with the men. \u201cYou\u2019ll see on all these
We Are Not What We Do. It would be easy to get lost in all kinds of philosophical arguments about how we define who or what we are. This is about finding some space in the mind, less judgement, a greater sense of perspective, in which we see this fundamental truth for ourselves in a very direct and personal way.
How to Limit Negativity in Your Life. By making a conscious decision to live your life with less negativity in it, you become the arbiter of what you let in and what you don't.  We always have a choice as to how we want to live our life and what kind of quality we want it to have.
Healthy Oil. Anyone familiar with the story of Hanukkah knows the central theme of oil is an important one. The \festival of lights\ commemorates
Nail Salon Lamps Don't Raise Skin Cancer Risk. While the risk of developing skin cancer is known to be linked with exposure to ultraviolet light, it's been less clear whether
Is Sleep Or Exercise More Important?. We get the experts to answer your most pressing either-or health questions. Read more on HuffPost Own
Ditch the Inner Scrooge. Give your inner Scrooge the boot and give yourself the gift of honoring yourself by upgrading your model of reality, whether it's a better relationship, better health, better anything that you deserve. That's a gift that truly keeps on giving.
Taking the 12 Steps in Stride... Again. I love being able to experience the depth and breadth of midlife.  I am fortunate to have been able to update my understanding of how powerful the 12 steps can be in my life.  I am very different from the 28-year-old I used to be.
Stepping Into My Potential. There are times in your life where you just feel something inside you pushing you to be more, to be bigger. While I know there are so many people in my life who can help me be a better version of myself, I also am learning there is no better person than myself to help me get there.
The Karma of Love. In trying to understand how karma influences the way love works in our lives, it is helpful to look at love as a higher concept that also has a human form we have a relationship with.
Do You Have to Be 'Dead Serious' to Be Spiritual?. A spiritual process does not mean being serious or non-serious. \Spirituality,\ or a \spiritual process,\ essentially means you have realized that the way you know life is not enough; you want to know it a little deeper.
5 Ways to Write Away Holiday Stress. I find it ironic that this time of year is so stressful. It's a time of reflection, appreciation and celebration.  Instead, we're bombarded with to-dos, family and work obligations and the added pressure of holiday gift-giving.
The Simple Truth About Simple Acts. At a time when we hear so much about what people are not doing and what people need to do to act responsibly, I offer my simple truth. Uncomplicated gestures move mountains and deserve to be acknowledged.
Getting A Good Night's Sleep When You Have MS. MS And Sleep Issues
Good Sex, Bad Sex and the Holidays. Many people have a tendency to make bad sexual choices around the holidays. So if you'd prefer not to risk your job, your relationship, your family, or your health, you may want to consider following a few sexual sanity guidelines during this holiday season.
Generation Why. My mother had cancer and I was with her every step of the way for six months throughout her treatment.  Two weeks later, I found out I had breast cancer.  My response to both diagnoses was vastly different.
Best Workout Songs Of 2012. But in all seriousness, the right music can be the difference between a lackluster and inspired workout. Research consistently
Don't Overload On Gift Giving. Here are a few considerations to help those of you looking to cut back on gift-giving this year
Self-Forgiveness and Making Amends. We are deeply imprinted by the suffering we have caused others. In the Buddhist teachings, such sensitivity can be intelligent and healthy -- it plays an important role in awakening and freeing our hearts.
Are You Living Your Passion?. Hold tightly to your passion and never let go. Let it infuse your life with meaning and purpose and become the motivator for everything you do. Then, put in the hard work needed to turn your dreams into reality.
Who Made Your Shoes?. Choose freedom. Dare to think for yourself. Your very choice is an expression of affection for the true you. I think Alan Watts would agree there is no more noble act than to elevate your consciousness above the roar of what others have to say, so you can hear what you have to say.
Health Care Is Most Urgent Health-Related Concern For Americans Today. Obesity was the third-most mentioned item of pressing concern, with 16 percent of Americans saying it is the most urgent
A Vegan Diet (Hugely) Helpful Against Cancer. This is empowering news, given that most people think they are a victim of their genes, helpless to stave off some of the most dreaded diseases. We aren't helpless at all; in fact, the power is largely in our hands. It's on our forks, actually.
Ponatinib. Ariad is also testing the drug in newly diagnosed CML patients. Final results from that trial are expected at the end of
Decoding the Science Behind Dream Interpretation and the Lucid Dream. Are you curious -- and sometimes maybe a bit baffled -- by your dreams? Do you wake up with fragments of a dream fresh in your mind and wonder
Hanukkah Quotes. Happy Hanukkah! Tonight, on the evening of December 8, Jews around the world will light the first candle of the menorah to
The Most Health-Conscious Cities In The U.S.. Now, a recent analysis of the users of the free online appointment-booking service, ZocDoc, has found which U.S. cities are
When Silence Is Your Friend. To let go and fall into the arms of silence carries us into the sweetness of surrender.  It is to become a master in the humble art of living.
Super Soul Sunday. In the video above, Elie Wiesel, a Holocaust survivor and the author of the internationally-acclaimed memoir, \Night,\ talks
Canine Obesity. Dog food label recommendations must be used cautiously. These guidelines are generic and most likely represent overfeeding
10 Facets of Total Fitness. Overall fitness doesn't just come from doing one activity over and over and over. If you want to be a good all around, the chances are you'll benefit from diversifying your training a little.
Getting Through the Marital Minefield. There's nothing wrong with occasional fights between partners. However, relationship issues multiply when fighting becomes the the expected mode of communication. This familiar battling debilitates rather than promotes a couple's bond.
Mona Ackerman Dead. Ackerman's posts for HuffPost touched on topics ranging from dealing with financial stress, to coping with death and loss
Perjeta. Roche is also developing an \armed antibody\ known as TDM-1 as a treatment for HER2-positive breast cancer. TDM-1 combines
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (Dec. 7-13). Healthy boundaries are physical, emotional, and psychological constructs we create and maintain based on what we need in order to feel safe in the world. These flexible boundaries help us set limits so we can be in functional relationships that enrich, support, and inspire us.
Joy Secret Number Two. The best place to start is often the most challenging -- compassion for ourselves! We are usually our own worst enemy, expecting ourselves to be perfect and being the first to judge and condemn ourselves.
Women With Sleep Apnea Face More Severe Brain Damage Than Men. In addition to finding a higher severity of brain cell damage in the women with sleep apnea than the men, they also found
Are Our Vets Getting a Bum Rap?. We civilians need to do a better job understanding and supporting our service members who have given all to protect our country. We can shift our thinking from problematic to positive when we think about hiring, counseling or dealing with our service members.
American Yoga. That number is high, but also fluid
This Holiday Season, Give the Benefit of the Doubt. This holiday season, if you find yourself feeling stressed out, instead of reaching for a double shot of eggnog, try giving people in your life the benefit of the doubt. You may end up giving it to yourself, too!
If We Want Kinder Nurses, We Need a Kinder Society. We need nurses to be kind. Of course we need nurses to be kind. Thank God at last the person in charge of nurses has said we need nurses to be kind. But if we want kind nurses, we need to work much, much harder to make kinder children, kinder adults, and a kinder world.
Cognitive Behavioral Therapy Could Help People With Depression When Drugs Fail, Study Shows. Major depression affects around 20 percent of people at some point in their lives. The World Health Organisation (WHO)predicts
Primary Care Is in Crisis. The insufferable pace of primary care combined with the erosion of the doctor-patient relationship deters young physicians from entering the field. In my graduating class of 30 or so internal medicine trainees, only two of us chose to go into primary care.
I Lost Weight. In the first week, I lost 12 and a half pounds. When you eat all this food, you're thinking, \There's not a chance I've lost
Vitamin D Might Protect Against Tooth Decay. Philippe Hujoel, PhD, DDS, of the University of Washington, conducted the trial, saying his main goal was to summarize the
Cleaner Air May Lengthen Life Spans In The U.S.. More from Everyday Health
Temporary Tattoo Gauges Body's Metabolic Stress. The tattoo could have future uses for metabolic diseases, or to indicate when a person has overexerted his or herself, noted
Rx for Compassion Fatigue. To a doctor, the death (and even impending death) of a patient represents the ultimate professional failure.  The problem is that by trying so hard to extend life, doctors can miss the opportunity to be present, compassionately, as their patients make the last, final transition.
Listen With Our Hands. By Daisy Yuhas (Click here for the original article and podcast) The study also adds to the growing evidence that sensory
The Answer to Big-Time Problem Solving? Shut Up and Dream!. Why don't more people follow their dreams? Aside from being too sleep-deprived to remember them, the answer is simply that we need to make it a habit, and find someone to tell our dreams to.
Holiday Party Stress. To ease your nerves before the fiesta (and to actually have fun while it's happening), check out these nine tips below. Ah
6 Tips to Reduce Your Stress This Holiday Season. You can create a happier, more joyful and brighter holiday than you've ever had before. All it takes is the will to change, and making an effort -- small baby steps this year, bigger ones next.
Beer May Have Anti-Virus Properties, According To Study Funded By Sapporo Breweries (VIDEO). Does beer have anti-virus powers? According to a new study funded by Japanese beer company Sapporo Breweries, a \key ingredient
Chemo Brain. Researchers found that fatigue levels were higher and accuracy on the memory task was lower among the women who underwent
The Food Stamp Diet. I could never have imagined that something that initially seemed so humiliating would turn out to be one of the greatest teaching events of my life. Although my food stamp benefit itself will be ending soon because I no longer require assistance, the benefits to my lifestyle are not.
You Are The Most Important Person In YOUR World. This holiday season, to ensure there is more love, connection and care in our lives, let's put our focus on developing a
Remembering a Soldier's Face. In fact, it was I who never, ever has forgotten his face. I had, indeed, memorized it. I close my eyes and I can see him clearly after almost 45 years.  I had the privilege of being with him in his last hours.
It's Time to Jumpstart Quality Improvement Initiatives in Medical Training. Where quality improvement was once a glimmering idealistic notion conjured up by a few pockets of ambitious doctors, it is fast becoming recognized as a permanent fixture in our nation's medical infrastructure.
8 New Ways To Become And Stay A Morning Exerciser. By Jessica Smith for Shape.com Working out in the morning sounds great
Life, Death and the Birth of Marjorie's Fund. \I do think managing Type 1 diabetes is difficult, and I wouldn't wish it on anyone, but it gives me a sense of purpose and clarity about what I'm meant to be doing. When I was diagnosed it woke me up to what's important in life, like relationships and helping others. Looking back, I don't think I'd change anything.\
Mindful of Mindless Eating. The moment you become aware that you are eating mindlessly, it's hard not to \see\ it anymore. When you sit on the coach robotically eating chips or at a bar popping peanuts into your mouth, you recognize the behavior right away. This little inner voice speaks up and says, \Hey, I am mindlessly eating right now!\
Becoming More Aware of Depression and Bipolar. Increased awareness results in deeper understanding, better functionality, more comfort for all involved, and recognition of value in what was once seen only as a disorder. It can literally be the difference between a diminished life and a great one.
Low-Fat Foods Help People Cut Cholesterol, Lose Weight And Stay Slim -- Without Dieting. More than half of Europeans are obese or overweight, and in America more than 35 percent of adults and almost 17 percent
Sleeping Longer At Night Could Up Your Pain Tolerance. The researchers tested the study participants' pain tolerance by having them do a radiant heat stimulus test, where they
12 Healthy Gifts of Christmas 2012. It's officially holiday shopping season, and you have about three weeks to find the perfect gift for everyone on your list. Here are 12 great gift ideas, in a variety of price points, for the health-conscious friend or family member in your life.
SoulCycle. Note to self
Is Life Better After Quitting Smoking?. This research adds to a growing body of knowledge showing more clearly than ever that quitting smoking makes life better. Quitting is not only the best way to protect your body and your health, but also brings measurable benefits in terms of emotional well-being.
2013 Will Be the Year of the Liver. I asked Chicago dietician David Grotto
Self-Forgiveness on the Path to Freedom. Many think self-love is just a form of narcissism, but the purest love knows no conceit. From a spiritual perspective, loving the self communicates humility and gratitude to whatever force gives us life.
Nostalgia Can Make Us Feel Physically Warmer. There may be another way to keep cozy besides sweaters and blankets as the temperatures slink lower
Marathons And Heart Health. By Annie Hauser More from Everyday Health
Is Snow Your Security Blanket? It Should Be This Year. Through experience, we know that this is a time of year when we will be tested, both physically and emotionally. In turn, we will naturally come within and seek safety from the elements.
Colorectal Cancer Detected By Breath Test In Small Study. The study included 37 people with colorectal cancer and 41 people without. Researchers had the study participants breathe
What Doctors Need to Learn About Death and Dying. Healing takes place not when death is forestalled, but when life is embraced and affirmed in its entirety, from beginning to end. When doctors can fully understand the nature of death and dying, they will become the true healers that are desperately needed in this world.
The Most Interesting Part of Human Experience. My fascination with the emotional realm began years ago when I fell into a black hole that some people termed \depression.\
Reducing Cancer Risk for Pennies a Day. A study published in the Journal of the American Medical Association last month found that taking a multiple vitamin and mineral supplement (without iron) was associated with an 8 percent reduced cancer risk among men.
Aspirin 'Resistance' May Actually Be Caused By Pill's Coating, Study Suggests. Bayer spokeswoman Anne Coiley said that the results of the study may not apply to the real world, though, ABC News reported
Eat, People (Not a Zombie Blog). That's my suggestion for this holiday. Start looking at what you've bought into. Get some therapeutic help to look at why you overeat. Make a decision that you are just not going to give it all the attention you normally do. Ever again.
My First Colonic. Was it a wonderful experience? No. Would I do it again? Yes. I mean no. I mean yes. I mean, it's kind of like waxing or getting your teeth cleaned. Horrible, but followed by refreshing and better. So, yes I would. Only next time I'm bringing an iPod with some Enya.
The NFL's ADHD, Adderall Mess. Apparently the Adderall craze that has hit America's college students is also making an impression on the professional football players in the National Football League. NFL drug suspensions will hit a record this year, and at least some are felt to be related to amphetamine use, which is the main ingredient of Adderall.
Personhood. The present state of health care in this country to an increasing extent involves strangers caring for strangers, with patients' narratives and life stories no longer a key element guiding decisions about their own health care.
Take That Next Step. Perhaps, like in a good chess game, you'll have the insight to see two or three moves ahead.  But if not, don't sweat it.  Just show up and take the right next step without delay.  That will help keep the doubts and the internal wrestling to a minimum.
How I Quit Junk Food Cold Turkey. Variety may be the spice of life, but it seems to be the undoing of eating well. It's much easier to call it good when the choices are limited. Subject someone to a buffet and there's a tendency to want to at least sample everything -- and to go back for seconds, and thirds, and fourths.
Searching for Now. Here and now are our birthrights -- like life.  Do we need to do anything in this moment to be alive?  No. Life takes care of life.  Do we need to do something to be in now?  No. It is already -- and always -- now.  It can only ever be now.
5 Surprising Winter Health Tips. by guest blogger, Mark A. Moyad, MD, MPH, supplement and natural medicine expert 5. Eat more plants--the ones that are
To Heal or Not to Heal. \Rivers know this; there is no hurry, we shall get there some day.\ -- Winnie the Pooh \Too many times we confuse motion
A Family Tragedy. Nine months ago, Kelli Sly, a 23-year-old single mom with a history of behavioral issues, insurmountable demons and depression
The Essential Holiday Gift Guide For Fitness Buffs. In honor of the holidays, Greatist has picked 20 fitness-inspired gifts we'd love to unwrap this festive season. Some of
Yoga. \The only assumption I operate with now is that suffering is something we all share. I have also come to trust that few of us really want to be identified with our limitations or the story of our pain, so we might go to great lengths to prove that we are something else.\
Launching the Holidays in Creative Ways That Restore Meaning, Rest and Laughter. Ready or not, the holidays are on our heels.  But what if all our best intentions end up leaving us overspent and farther away from what we really want?
Hey Ladies!  Thinking About Ditching Your Period?  A Doctor Answers 12 Puzzling, Scary and Hopeful Questions. When modern contraceptives first got formulated, back in the 1950s, the men in charge made a simple assumption that would affect millions of women over the next half century:\u00a0 They assumed that women wanted to bleed every month.
Stress During the Holidays Is Real... Can Your iPhone Help?. The phone seems to be able to help in every other area of our lives -- why not in reducing holiday stress? So I started looking for apps that would help, and I found some great ones.
Re-Defining God. I have realized that God is who you make God to be. Your beliefs and ideologies of God create your experience of God. When you begin to question your ideas, you open the space for a new God to come through.
Healthy Holiday Party? Nutritionists Weigh In On How They Eat. Joy Dubost, PhD, RD, CSSD Lights in the trees, plastic reindeer in the yard and Christmas carols in the supermarket
Conflict With Loved Ones. All relationships inevitably experience conflict, as this is a part of life. It's how you manage conflict that determines whether it leads to deeper intimacy with a loved one, or to distance and disconnection.
Are You On Your Own List?. I invite you to determine those things that help keep you sane, and not only put them on your list, but make them as important as the things that have a hard-and-fast expiration date. Making sure you have to-dos for yourself will help make you more productive, focused, and effective.
Caring for a Dog With a 'Pushed-In' Face. \Brachy\ is a Greek word meaning short, and \cephalic\ means head. These animals are short-headed, short-muzzled breeds. Due to this altered facial construction, all these pets have what is called brachycephalic respiratory syndrome to varying degrees.
The Loaded Cancer Question. Many times I've been asked why or how I developed acute promyelocytic leukemia at the age of 31 and almost five months pregnant. Healthy, thriving young adults aren't supposed to get cancer. The natural question is
5 Reasons for Holiday Weight Gain (And What You Can Do About It). This season, consider not succumbing to peer pressure and societal acceptance of holiday weight gain and instead stay physically active and avoid unplanned eating. Your body will thank you when the New Year rolls around.
The Pleasure and Pain of Coffee. Confession
Loss at the Holidays. Here are a few holiday scenarios people commonly find themselves grappling with when they are dealing with the loss of a loved one at the holidays, and some ways to address them.
Thinking Out of the Box. A box won't define me anymore. I won't feel like I'm  carrying a small \purse\ or camera anymore. It will be implanted inside me. The defibrillator will be part of me.  I may face new obstacles in my recovery, but with two heart-related operations in six months under my belt, I've become a stronger person -- inside and out.
NIH and Superbugs. The emergence of multi-drug-resistant bacteria is a challenge that will be with us for years to come. The solution demands a strategic, thoughtful and collaborative team approach.
I Lost Weight. After Weight
High Fiber Diet. We all know that we're supposed to eat more fiber. It's one of the central, undisputed tenants of a healthy diet that has
Feline Obesity. Most domestic cats should weigh between eight and 10 pounds, although some breeds have larger ranges. For example, Persian
What Greater Gift Than Recognition?. For more on breast cancer, click here. I had not seen this much energy in the six years I have been stricken with this insidious
Need to Jump-Start Your Spiritual Life?. What can break through entrenched, old thought patterns and lead you forward is an inspiring idea, a revelation, that becomes a door-opener to a new direction to take, a new next step in your career, new and expanded opportunities you hadn't seen.
Hyperemesis Gravidarum. Even now, 20 years after the birth of my last child, I am strangely exhilarated by the validation of a medical condition that I suffered with through the pregnancies of all my children. I suspect more people than I knew thought I was exaggerating, that morning sickness is routine and I was complaining about an all-too-common condition.
Diffuse Idiopathic Skeletal Hyperostosis. \This model will allow us for the first time to uncover the mechanisms underlying DISH and related disorders. Knowledge of
The Federal Response to Rising Rates of Autism. How is it that we can say we \care\ about autism and those who are autistic, yet not fund programs that will make their lives better? How is it we can use war terminology and ignore that these words make those who are on the spectrum feel badly about their very existence?
An Empire Built on the Pillars of Fear. Sure, we need to pay the bills. We all have responsibilities. But taking the time to ask yourself what makes you happy and what doesn't every so often surely isn't a bad thing. Life is too short to spend it in a job, or a relationship, or a situation that makes you miserable.
A Choir in Our Midst. As autumn tenderly gives a reprieve from a week of icy overtures that have prophesized winter's entrance, a gentle community gathers in history's architecture.  Autumn segues into her next residence.  Christmas prepares.
Psychological First Aid. On a recent Friday, a psychiatrist and a team of medical students traveled to the Far Rockaways in Queens to provide mental health assistance to survivors of Hurricane Sandy. Their work did not involve psychotherapy or diagnoses, but rather tending to the immediate needs of survivors.
Secrets of Splits and Flexibility. Stretches should be done in the proper order. Honor the body by stretching it gently. The more time you take to stretch increases your ability to go deeper into the splits. Start with the easier ones and save the intense positions for last.
To End or Not to End AIDS. We are at a critical tipping point in the AIDS pandemic. New evidence shows that quick, aggressive action now can herald in the endgame of AIDS.
Making Friends Takes a Lot of Energy. Is It Worth It?. May you be reminded that your willingness to engage, to meet new people, to initiate the next get-together, to schedule women into your life and to foster these friendships over time is proving to raise your wellbeing! And don't we all want that?
Mercury In Fish More Dangerous Than Believed; Scientists Urge For Effective Treaty Ahead Of UN Talks (Report). \u201cLevels of [mercury] exposure that are defined as safe by the official limits, are actually having adverse effects,\u201d environmental
Eye Sunburn. Anderson Cooper has regained his sight after suffering temporary blindness for 36 hours due to sunburned eyeballs, according
Teen Self-Injury Risk Twice As High After Parent's Cancer Death. The researchers said teens may injure themselves after a parent's death because of increased emotional stress and less parental
Reishi, Ling Zhi. While we cannot yet state that reishi mushrooms extend the disease-free period of cancer patients, reishi remains as an excellent candidate for augmenting chemotherapy, according to some cancer researchers.
December Superfoods. Drop the eggnog and the sugar cookies! While December may be more well-known for holiday parties and the requisite buffets
Are the Holidays the Right Time to Call a Diet Truce?. Dieting during the holiday season is difficult.  It is hard to shake your head and decline every time you are offered something indulgent to eat or drink during the six or so weeks between Thanksgiving and the end of the year.
Euthanasia. It is clear that, come the time, I will do the right thing by my Scout. My baby. I will not let her suffer. We are told that we love our animals so much, we know when that moment is upon us. And we do the right thing. But how?
4 Ways to Surf the Waves of Change. Without change in ourselves we become stifled and stagnant; without change in the world we will not survive. Such impermanence means that every difficulty, challenge, joy, or success will, at some point, be different
Dividends of a Difficult Mind. Most days, I am attempting peaceful coexistence with my ego mind.  Knowing that I have a higher mind helps, but the voices of the lower mind chatter and yell as if they are the masters of my universe.
How to Fearlessly Kick the Internet Addiction. Although there's no official diagnosis for Internet or social media addiction, in my view, if it negatively impacts other areas of a person's life and use becomes more and more frequent, then at minimum it's a dependence, and at worst it's an addiction. Don't fear, though -- it is treatable.
Opening the Gateway of Love. The more we pay attention to the sense of another's love, to a place that provides beauty and ease, to our own strengths and aspiration, the more we connect with the heart space that will offer a healing refuge.
After Acceptance. Patients like Robert make clear that the very personal meaning patients find in their illnesses can be profoundly empowering. All too often, however, health care does not allow patients to explore the personal significance of their diseases.
To Share or Not to Share. How I handle metastatic cancer matters. \Doing it right\ doesn't mean I have to be positive all the time. But it means I have to be honest.
Is Apathy a Normal Part of Aging?. My colleagues and I agree that we all experienced components of apathy at one time or another, that in fact, all people experience periods of apathy.  But do these episodes become more frequent or intense as we age?
Vanna Talks Candidly About Overcoming 'Bingeing Stage'. Interviewing Vanna again would be a chance to see if she was still struggling with bingeing or if she'd found a way to move on. Talking with this now 55-year-old single mother of two would also be a great opportunity to speak the unspoken truth about this all-too-common eating problem.
A Neural Namaste in Nearly Real Time. There is a long history here that primes this moment -- a history of learning to identify and relate with life's essence regardless of its form. I haven't always been this sentimentally attuned.
The Real Secret to Long, Lean Muscles (VIDEO). Admit it, that's exactly what you want
Embrace the Suck. I'm a firm believer that things happen, and then you give them a reason. So every time I spit blood it reminds me to give today a reason, every time I learn of another friend passing it reminds me to give today a reason.
I Love Being My Own Autistic Self. Landon Bryce, teacher, writer, artist and animator, has written a terrific book about what it is to be autistic. His characters, each very different from one another, discuss their strengths and challenges while stressing self-respect.
Making Amends Isn't Always Enough. Making amends doesn't mean that I can have relationships with the people involved, it doesn't mean they will forgive me -- or that the process will be sufficient for them to forgive.
Fruits, Vegetables Linked With Lower Risk Of Heart Attack, Stroke. \These associations were observed in people receiving proven drug therapies for secondary prevention, suggesting that dietary
Is It Safe To Exercise In Cold Weather?. Would you rather exercise in the heat or the cold? Let us know in the comments below. More from Greatist
How Much Do You Know About The Flu Vaccine?. Millions of Americans get vaccinated for the flu each year. During the 2011-2012 flu season, 132.8 million doses of flu vaccine
Mini-Stroke. The stoppage of blood flow to the brain may be caused by a blood clot, blood vessel injury, or blood vessel narrowing, the
Know Your Safe-Goat. As opposed to a family scapegoat -- an immediate family member at whom we direct unprocessed anxiety or anger -- a \safe-goat\ is a person far enough outside our immediate family system at whom we can direct unprocessed anxiety or anger without inflaming conflicts between present members.
Treat Yourself This Holiday Season. By Angelica Catalano for YouBeauty.com With all of those gifts to give and food to prep, you are the last thing you\u2019re thinking
So What's So Good About Giving?. Thanksgiving and the upcoming holiday is a perfect time to remember what this season is really all about. An intriguing recent study showed that states with higher volunteer rates have overall better health and lower rates of heart disease.
To See Better Is to Live Better. True or false
Blood Clot Risk Higher For Women With Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome Who Take Birth Control Pill. Taking oral birth control could double the risk of blood clots among women with a common hormone condition, according to
Fast Food's Immediate Damage To Your Health. For more on nutrition, click here. Brigid Titgemeier, B.A., contributed to this article. The study compared the effects of
To Live, Die or Advocate. What is a mother to do when she first hears that her healthy, funny, bright, charismatic daughter has been diagnosed with cancer at age 23? Stand by her side, of course. However, what is a mother to do when that same daughter dies at age 26?
I Lost Weight. Being an athlete my whole life, I was very active. Once my sports career ended, my activity level slowly diminished, but
'Spectacular Falls From Grace'. I believe we can we find some semblance of redemption and redeem ourselves, in spite of our penchant to be all too human. Especially when the young eyes of the world are on us, having looked up to us in some way.
The 3 Principle Aspects of the Bodhisattva Path. There are said to be three principle aspects of the path to Buddhahood -- renunciation, bodhicitta and wisdom. These are called \principle aspects\ because of the crucial role they play in following the path.
WATCH. Too often we just allow ourselves to just react to life, rather than creating it.  If you could choose what kind of day you were going to have, what would you do?  You have more choice than you may realize.  Here's a little video to help you make the most of that choice.
Sasha McHale's Death Brings Attention to Little-Understood Autoimmune Disease. Lupus affects about 1.5 million Americans, and most -- but not all -- are women who are diagnosed, like McHale, as young adults, according to the Lupus Foundation of America. To learn more about this common and mysterious disease, MinnPost talked with Emily Gillespie.
Nutrition Guidance. My career is devoted to the use of lifestyle practices -- and above all, diet and physical activity -- to the promotion of health and the prevention of disease.  Feet and forks, along with fingers that do or don't hold cigarettes, are well established as the master levers of medical destiny.
Rediscovering the Art of Offering Blessings. The more we offer such blessings to ourselves and to others, the more contagious it becomes to water these seeds of kindness and generosity in our own minds and hearts, and in the world around us.
Prescription. As someone who has been called a \media maven,\ and who participates in and contributes to practically every form of print and broadcast media out there, this is probably the last thing you expect to hear from me
Getting Out of the 'Defeat Whirlpool'!. Since I tipped the scales at 360 pounds when I'd just turned 17, I know how daunting a task it can seem to have over 150 pounds of fat to lose! I tried every plan under the sun -- the pills, the drinks, the machines, the trainers -- and every time, I would make some progress and backslide.
Learn to Use an AED. We've all been in public buildings and walked by the signs indicating where automated defibrillators are located. But did you know that they are simple to use and, perhaps more importantly, that they are specifically designed to be used by the general public?
Findhorn's Nature Sanctuary and a Circle of Songs. As the first song came to a conclusion, I absorbed the smells of patchouli oil and pine and felt the warmth of the humidity created by our collective breath and body heat in the small contained space.
The Fine Art of Appreciation. I've thought about this for a long time now. If there's one great thing about growing up without a lot of money or status, it's that everything you achieve in life is a bonus -- if you have the right attitude. At least, that's how I feel about it.
Work Your Way Around The 'Salty Six'. More from YouBeauty.com
Baby, It's Cold Outside. Since someone has to do it, here it comes. No, not Santa, but my yearly tradition of noting a distinct disparity between Christmas and real life.
Surefire Stress Relief, Part 5. The good news is that you can create a psychological turnaround and increase your ability to cope effectively during a crisis if you work through your challenges with the help of others. One of the most important things you can do is to communicate your feelings to someone.
Celebrating Crohn's and Colitis Awareness Week. Six years ago, I had not heard of Crohn's disease or ulcerative colitis. I lived in a world where I was blissfully unaware of inflammatory bowel diseases, where the debilitating symptoms didn't impact my life. Then I met my now-husband Dan, and everything changed.
An Old Barn, Like an Old Creature, Should Have Purpose. \Dream deep,\ I heard a voice say warmly, like an old aunt sitting and knitting on the front porch.
4 Fast Ways to De-Stress at Your Desk. Work. Just the word can cause your stress level to rise. But what most of us don't realize is that we can use our brains to control our stress response wherever we are right now. Here are four ways to de-stress without even leaving your desk.
To Clear Negative Thoughts, Physically Throw Them Away. The researchers found that those who actually dragged the file to the recycling bin were less affected by the thoughts they'd
What's the Rave With Raspberry Ketone?. Given the findings of a few recent studies, it is thought that raspberry ketone might increase metabolism in humans by helping to accelerate breakdown of fat.
Is Vitamin D a Good Idea for Diabetics?. The so-called popularity of vitamin D has reached a level such that even people and doctors who do not generally believe in vitamins or supplements have started to jump on the bandwagon of keeping vitamin D levels hearty.
MK-8931. Dec 3 (Reuters) - Merck & Co Inc said on Monday it started a new clinical trial to evaluate the safety and effectiveness
Life After Cancer. No one tells you what you're going to feel like as you walk away from the doctor's office to face autonomy for the first time in months or even years. Perhaps if someone had, it wouldn't have taken me so long to get help in the struggle I had self-diagnosed as the harbinger of insanity.
A Letter to the Daughter Whose Death Saved My Life. I never held you, yet my heart will hold you always. You became our baby angel, While sucking your thumb, in my womb. In
What's the Difference Between Praise and Blame?. Situations of being blamed or hearing negative things about oneself are obviously challenging to the ego.  And in waking up that beast, they present more subtle challenges to the development of our ultimate human potential.
Rethink Yoga. Instead of living a life full self-pity, Kim grounded herself on the mat and embraced the challenges, which in turn stretched her possibilities beyond the limits of what seems humanly possible.
Holiday Fitness Gifts. There is also the revival of the humble foam roller, which experts say, like old-time push-ups, squats and planks, has never
Cancer. You may not know what to say, but neither do we. While you study your shoes, we wonder if you know, or you just think we've been involved in some tragic, eyebrow-waxing accident gone awry. Even if you put your foot in your mouth and say something awkward, we appreciate it when you try.
Art Therapy And Mindfulness Training Lower Stress In Breast Cancer Patients. Creative art therapy, in addition to a mindfulness training program, seems to provoke actual brain changes linked with decreased
Drugmakers Step Up Search For Hearing Loss Medicines. * Pfizer, Novartis, Roche and Sanofi among those investing Sonova, the world's largest maker of hearing aids, has invested
How Much Do You Know About Sleep? (QUIZ). Are you a savvy sleeper or a novice in the land of nod? Take this quiz to find out!
How to Find Peace in the Messiness of Life. The dramatic storylines actually create the drama in our lives. By focusing on future uncertainties and fabricating the details around what might happen, we get plenty of present-moment stress that fires up our cortisol levels and makes it harder to cope with the reality of our situation.
Keep Your Kitchen Clean, Healthy And Safe. \Keep Your Kitchen Clean, Healthy And Safe\ originally appeared on Health.com As a Health.com poll of some 400 readers and
Mind, Body, Fitness Goals. Having recently gained 35 pounds when pregnant with my second daughter, I was left with 20 to lose upon returning home from the hospital and a closet full of non-maternity clothing that didn't fit.  It wasn't easy, but I lost it all in about two months -- no starving and no gimmicks.
Why Is the NBA Treating Sleep Like a Performance-Enhancing Substance?. In a world where winning is everything and coaches get fired for not delivering trophies, I could not agree more with San Antonio Spurs Head Coach Gregg Popovich's move.  As someone who studies the effects of sleep on athletes, I'm shocked that more teams do not strategically rest their key players.
Sleep Trumps All-Night Cramming For College Exams. Pulling all-night study sessions to prepare for exams may work against college students, an expert cautions. Read more on
'Tis The Season To Relax. More from YouBeauty
How's Your Mental Diet? The Dos and Don'ts. As one of my favorite manifesting teachers, Neville Goddard, asks
Does Your Teen Sleep Like a Zombie? There's a Reason for That. Biological changes are an important part of the teen-sleep picture, but they don't tell the whole story. Combined with these biological shifts are environmental and lifestyle factors that also can interfere with teens' sleep.
Exercise At Home. Whatever your excuse for not stepping foot in a gym, the good news is that you never really have to look much farther than
World AIDS Day. AIDS, or acquired immunodeficiency syndrome, is caused by HIV, or the human immunodeficiency virus, and is considered the
The Secret To A Happy Workout? The Color Green. What else can colors do to your mood? Read on for more
Super Soul Sunday. Watch in the video above, as Oprah sits down with neurosurgeon Eben Alexander, whose remarkable near-death experience radically
Do You Feel Full Inside or Empty Inside?. Inner emptiness does not come from a lack of something external -- not even a lack of being loved by someone else. It comes from a lack of one thing only
World AIDS Day 2012. This World AIDS Day is a celebration of the achievements that have been made and the acceleration of progress in recent years, providing proof that ending the HIV/AIDS epidemic is not only feasible but achievable.
Fast Food 'Healthy Options' Don't Mean Fewer Calories. One limitation of the study
GPS Guide. For more inspiration, click here. GPS Guides are our way of showing you what has relieved others' stress in the hopes that
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (Nov. 30-Dec. 6). If you have betrayed another or have been betrayed, take stock of what you did or how you reacted then take the necessary time to forgive yourself or another.  It can take years to restore trust or to forgive someone who's betrayed you.
The Fallen Generals Point to Our Own Private Truths. For some, the personal-private gap will erupt in self-destructive ways when, unconsciously, the person wants to subvert the whole enterprise that he or she has embraced, and bring it crashing down. At best, you become fragmented, \dismembered,\ like Osiris.
The Gifts of Silence. As soon as we enter into silence, there are gifts that renew and strengthen our essential selves. These gifts are qualities that enlighten and bring real joy.  I call these qualities \muscles of the heart.\
JQ1, Experimental Cancer Drug, Shows Promise In Killing HIV. \Experimental Cancer Drug Could Kill HIV\ originally appeared on Everyday Health. The new discovery regarding JQ1 and HIV
Ending HIV in the United States. The stigma associated with HIV is only partially to blame. More problematic is the difficulty of reaching the most vulnerable members of the U.S. population who are living with HIV but unaware of their status
Weekend Vote Will Bring Controversial Changes To DSM. This weekend, 20 people from around the country will meet in a nondescript hotel room in Arlington, Va., and take a vote
Smart Helmets Could Flag Players At Risk For Trauma. By Larry Greenemeier (Click here for the original article and podcast) Headed into this year's football season, much was
Some Cheeses Have More Salt Than A Bag Of Potato Chips, Survey Finds. \Cheese
Cap and Trade? Or the Law of Human Decency?. She was going to comply with the law, simply because it was the law, but what about the law that comes by way of our birth? Something that drives us to preserve life?
Ego. The other day I went to the movies and saw Flight, a wonderful expose of an alcoholic airline pilot portrayed beautifully by Denzel Washington.  I knew I wanted to write about it, as it hit many similar chords in my life and my struggle with the alcoholic in my life.
Little Lessons Along the Way. I have been thinking about what creates shady or untoward people, and how we can teach children different ways of being. In my reflections, I started to think about where I learned about character, and realized that it was through little lessons along the way.
Stool Transplants Could Soon Be Standard Treatment For Clostridium Difficile. For patients hit hardest by the bacterium Clostridium difficile, getting a \stool transplant\ could become a standard treatment
Crisis Is a State of Mind and a State of Place. Global transition is, as it says on the tin, a global phenomenon. Yet \crisis\ is about a state of place as well as a state of mind; and this state of place is not universal.
World AIDS Day 2012. We cannot do it alone, but together we can make an AIDS-free generation a reality. The blueprint is driven by five key principles that are the foundation of PEPFAR's work with partner countries.
A Post-Thanksgiving Reminder. The very word \thanksgiving\ reminds us to be thankful for the good things in our lives. Yet, it is often the tragedies we experience that really make us appreciate what we have. Once we've lost something important, we see how valuable it was.
Delaying Breast Cancer Treatment Raises Death Risk By 85 Percent, Study Finds. \It's been shown that early detection and treatment can increase five-year survival rates to as high as 98 percent. Until
How to Turn Your Home into a Writing Retreat. \u2022 I straightened up and stocked up. I could have ordered takeout for every meal, but I wanted to be healthy and frugal, so
Motivational Videos. Meditation cannot be forced, says The Mind Man, Andy Puddicombe. Watch the video above, where Andy describes how meditation
Sleep, Schizophrenia Link Strengthened In Animal Study. People with schizophrenia frequently experience sleep problems. To find the exact effect disrupted sleep has on a brain with
Fixed in the Broken Islands. We need time in the stillness of nature to become fully engaged with the real world where our senses can be reawakened, pulled out from under the rubble of beeps and alerts and reunited with the elements that are so much of who we are. We need to unplug.
Stress Symptoms. Between the hectic schedule of holiday parties, trying to get all that work finished before your days off and finding the
Getting Past Hard Moments. We can't hold onto things that have happened, good or bad. Life happens and it continues to happen every second of every moment of every day, changing and evolving. We must evolve with it.
Making Healthy Choices in Front of the TV. Last week we talked about how TV can deter you from making healthy lifestyle changes, particularly if you're trying to eat differently. Now, let's think about what steps you can take regarding television and healthy living.
The Cook's Brain. As the holiday season approaches, it seems we all want to channel our inner \Martha\ and cook up a storm -- which I love, since cooking is my life. So I offer some food for thought on being healthy through the season of partying.
'Tourette's Quest' Developer Lars Doucet Creates Game To Explain Tourette's Syndrome. Ever wonder what it might be like to live with Tourette's syndrome? As he's matured, Doucet said he's learned to control
A Checklist for Your Winter Weather Workout Wardrobe. Sure, it takes time to dress for cold weather workouts. But running laps around a dozen people sweating it out on treadmills while they watch MSNBC doesn't compare with rounding the bend to discover a pack of kids playing hockey on a frozen neighborhood lake.
How to Not Let Your 'Ho, Ho' Turn Into 'Oh, No' This Holiday Season. The holidays do not have to be a recipe for disaster when it comes to staying healthy, keeping fit and looking divine all the way through New Year's Eve and beyond.
Benefits of Nuts and Seeds. While you may have been told to avoid nuts and seeds due to their high fat and caloric content, these tasty gems contain heart-healthy unsaturated fats, and are truly terrific to include in your diet.
Show Your Prostate Some Love. When I was going through my cancer journey, I did it alone. Sure, there were a couple of thoughtful, older guys who were living with prostate cancer who told me that everything would be okay. And while I appreciated their kindness, their journey wasn't quite like mine.
How to Survive Family Conflicts During the Holidays. One of life's most difficult situations is when someone you love is no longer present in your life due to disagreements, especially during the holidays.
Generic Lipitor Recall Prompts Ranbaxy To Halt Production Of The Drug. FDA said it will continue to oversee the recall process and work with the Ranbaxy to resolve pharmaceutical quality issues
Cell Phone Addiction Driven By Impulsivity, Materialism. The researchers found a relationship between levels of impulsivity and materialism, and how likely the students were to express
A Meditation for Busting Through Your Blocks. Many folks have been asking me to share more Kundalini meditations. This meditation busts through the ego's littleness and opens you up to your inner awesomeness and faithful intuition.
Digestion Foods. The body is designed to digest many types of foods, but everyone is different in that some foods may trigger digestion-related
An Interview With Bette Calman. We are honored that our inspiration, Bette Calman, took the time to share her thoughts on yoga, health and quality of life so that we can now pass them along to you.
Bronchitis. Bush's spokesman told CNN that the former president, who also has Parkinson's disease, was hospitalized because of a \lingering
Autumn Madrano, Beauty And Appearance Blogger. \Finding clothes was always hard, playing track and field was always hard,\ Madrano told host Nancy Redd. \The cause of my
15 Yoga Classes in 5 Days. Given my interest in endurance challenges, I suppose it was inevitable that I would look for a way to test my limits with yoga.
Pro-Choice to the End. Even if your state does not (yet) have a POLST option, consider documenting your preferences using other forms, like a living will, durable power of attorney for health care, and the like.
The Pain That Shapes Our Internal Terrain. We rarely communicate a thought that isn't contaminated in one way or another by some form of pain. Our thought and social life has been compromised by our imperfect interactions, which are grounded in latent animosities.
Let Nature Be Your Teacher. Whether you are struck by a lone shoot pushing through the cracks in pavement, the runt tree on your block, the intermittent flow of rain, the seeming forest of the park, the night sky, or the fallen leaves, please let nature be your teacher and think deliberately on these things.
Bedaquiline. By Ransdell Pierson Patients taking bedaquiline also had increases in the so-called QT interval -- suggesting a possible
Hello, Pig? Meet Lipstick. Big Soda must know it has a public relations problem on its hands. With study after study making plainer the links between sugary-drink consumption and obesity, the industry is under siege.
Why Doctors Make Lousy Leaders and Three Ways to Get Better Quickly. Why do doctors make such lousy leaders? In this modern era of health care innovation and change, it is typically the physicians who have to be dragged kicking and screaming into the future rather than taking their natural leadership role in improving health care.
How To Eat For Your Age. For young women, remember these are child-bearing years, so look for good sources of iron and folic acid in lean meat, leafy
All-Natural, Easy DIY Beauty Products. Somewhere along the line, we started cooking up bath concoctions instead of consumable goodies, and everyone loved them. Bath products make the perfect holiday gift for everyone on your list.
Hot Yoga Kicked My Ass, And I Liked It. I tried Bikram yoga. Twenty-six poses in 90 minutes in a room heated to 104 degrees. My first three sessions were horrible, okay and great, in that order. After my triumphant third session -- I got through every pose, no light-headedness or true misery -- I thought, \Hot yoga is my bitch.\
Dealing With a Diagnostic Dilemma. On Saturday, Dec. 1, I turn 55, and I pause at the irony of life bringing an uncertain diagnosis at this turning point. Have you had moments that you knew were turning points in self-discovery?
How to Avoid Caregiver Burnout. Caring for a person with cancer can be extremely rewarding, but it can be exhausting as well. A diagnosis of cancer during adolescence and young adulthood interrupts a person's life and comes at a time when they are trying to complete the life steps that are necessary for transition into adulthood.
5 Secrets to a Joyous No-Weight-Gain Holiday. It's the holidays, and even the most steel-willed, health-crazed gym rat is bracing for weeks of parties, family dinners
Kinesiophobia, Fear of Exercise, May Keep Heart Patients Sedentary. Regular exercise is one of the most important ways to a healthy heart, but for people with coronary artery disease -- a condition
Online Doctor Visits Could Streamline Care. By Katherine Harmon (Click here for the original article and podcast) Waiting in the doctor's office, reading old magazines
Sperm Count Zappers. If you're a man trying to impregnate someone, you may know it's best to stop smoking, get your laptop up off your balls and
Homemade Groceries. Peanuts grow in the ground, for one thing, which is filled with dirt that can easily accumulate bacteria, including Salmonella
Loosening the Grip of Core and Limiting Beliefs. Our core beliefs are often based on our earliest and most potent fears -- we construct our strongest assumptions and conclusions about life from them. This conditioning is in service of survival.
Speak Wisely. With time and a little practice, you will find yourself \speaking wisely\ without consciously thinking about it. You might be amazed at the powerful, assertive ways you can communicate within the frame of these six guidelines.
Understanding Others. Perception is reality to the average human. That is deeper than it sounds. It means that every single person has their own version of \reality\ or what they would call the \truth\ based on their perceptions.
Yoga. \Whether I like it or not, I'm more inspired when I teach to inmates because I can feel their sincere appreciation for the opportunity to have a yoga class.  They always offer me a helpful reminder to be grateful for every opportunity to learn, every opportunity to practice.\
Sugar and High Fructose Corn Syrup. We are in the midst of an obesity crisis in this country, and I'm convinced high fructose corn syrup is a major culprit.
I Lost Weight. Breaking Point
The FDA's Dangerous Death Race. As a Miami lawyer who sues prescription drug manufactures, I strongly urge the FDA to slow down and not allow innovation and corporate profit to outweigh consumer safety.
10 Things To Bring With You To Every Doctor's Appointment. Has this ever happened to you? You are at an appointment with your doctor. She asks you for something, say, the dosage of your cholesterol medication or the results of your recent blood draw you had. You think to yourself, shoot, if only I brought that with me!
Putting Taste in Vegan Cooking. I'm guided by the philosophy that the rest of the world gets their protein from plants, and there are unexpected and delightful ways to infuse vegan ingredients into any recipe to start embracing plant-based dishes.
How to Avoid the Home Care Nightmare. Providing therapy in the home can be a rewarding and valuable experience, building wonderful relationships between families and therapists that can last for years. Just remember to establish rules from the start and get everyone involved.
The First Secret of Joy, Continued. As children, we are taught to say \thank you\ when someone does something for us or gives us something, but we are not taught to make gratitude a way of life. It's amazing how gratitude can transform our mood, our actions, and our general well being.
CFO Magazine Urges Fortune 500 Firms to Explore Cost Savings Via Alternative and Integrative Medicine. The big money in complementary and integrative medicine fields and their preventive and health-promoting focus that CFO Magazine's McCann notes is not in churning services. It is in saving money by limiting services.
Cycling Could Improve Symptoms In Parkinson's Patients. This is not the first time exercise has been shown to have effects on Parkinson's symptoms. Earlier this year, a study in
Hypersomnia Sleep Disorder Caused Woman To Sleep 18 Hours A Day (VIDEO). Sumner slept up to 18 hours a day before taking a leave of absence from her job as a lawyer. Emory researchers found that
Believing the Mind and Body Are the Same Promotes Healthy Behavior. Minds are strange things.  Our conscious experience of the world feels separate from the body that we inhabit.  Discussions about the relationship between mind and body happen both in college dorms and in the philosophical literature.  But does this discussion really matter?
HIV/AIDS Cases Rising In China. Beijing has since stepped up the fight, spending more on prevention programmes, launching schemes to give universal access
15 Cardio-Based Bodyweight Exercises. 3. Inchworm. It really is a Bug's Life. Stand tall, and bend over until your fingertips are on the floor. Next, walk the
Feel Like a Thanksgiving Turkey? Get Unstuffed From the Holiday Weekend. If you were like me this past Thanksgiving weekend, you might be feeling a little sluggish, a couple of pounds heavier and a bit anxious about the next month of holiday splurging. The best thing you can do is to hit the \reset\ button now, so you don't run the risk of a snowball effect.
Untangling the 'Healthy Habits' Conundrum. The reason we don't always make healthy choices is simply because it is hard. Even people who are highly motivated and have strong willpower may fail to establish healthy habits in the long term if they don't adopt the right methods.
The Airports With The Healthiest Food. \u201cHealthful vegetarian meals at airports across the country are just the ticket for traveling light this holiday season,\u201d PCRM
Five Easy Ways to Detoxify Your Home Without Freaking Out. A week after giving birth to my son, Felix, I was in crisis. Trying to figure out which products -- from teethers to bubble bath to dish soap -- were truly safe and nontoxic was becoming a source of constant stress.
Food And Medication Interactions. \The number of drugs on the market with the potential to produce serious adverse and in many cases life-threatening effects
Weird Things People Do In Their Sleep. Increasing numbers of people are asking for help with sleep disorders and some of them are doing rather strange things during
10 Holiday Shopping Guidelines for the Soul. With a personal history of compulsive holiday shopping, I now eschew this activity altogether. Here's what I've learned from five years of recovery.
Three Reasons Why It's So Obvious You Work in a Hospital. Best-case scenario
Of Course You Can Come. How are we to understand a story like this? Does it tell us that acts of kindness and the gratitude they engender outlast decades and oceans and continents? Does it tell us that kindness, like the song of a red bird, will be answered long after the bird has died?
Till Tweet Do Us Part. Does a spouse have a right to privacy even if there is suspicion of infidelity?  Couples are wrangling with these issues and are having difficulty drawing boundaries and making sense of what they discover.
Bread Dough Toxicosis. There are two concerns for a dog that has eaten bread dough. One, there's a large mass of dough in the stomach that is continuing to rise. Two, the warm environment of the stomach promotes ongoing fermentation of the alcohol in the dough, which can result in ethanol toxicosis.
Protecting Eating Disorders Recovery During the Holiday Season, Part 2. This advice seeks to help friends and family understand the unique needs of someone recovering from an eating disorder and be champions for sustainable recovery during the holiday season.
Exercise Could Ward Off Brain Shrinkage, Study Suggests. Researchers conducted MRI brain scans on the study participants at the beginning and end of the study period to monitor atrophy
Mom, You're Hired! As My Cancer Caregiver Extraordinaire. With November being National Family Caregiver Month, I am immediately reminded and in gratitude for all that my mom did to take care of me during my breast cancer diagnosis and treatment.
For Pain in Your Mouth... Chew on This!. The power of natural medicine never ceases to amaze me. It's so simple, so inexpensive, and generally very safe.
How Do You Want to Feel?. Now that I'm clear about where I want to go, I'm feeling both relieved and excited. I'm excited to start using my core desires as my compass to set my goals and decide what I say yes to -- in both my personal and professional life.
Wealth School. Fear often shows up when we face the unknown. The heightened energy of fear can serve to put you on alert, to find the information or resources you might need for the future, to stimulate your creativity and imagination to fulfill your goals and objectives.
Dos and Don'ts of Infidelity. When it comes to their intimate relationships, individuals can make any decision they want about monogamy, as long as this decision is mutually agreed upon by both partners.
Eat These Foods For A Better Night's Sleep. Tryptophan is that amino acid we all associate with going into a food coma during Thanksgiving dinner. It converts to serotonin
Sport Imagery. If you do anything to work on the mental side of your sport, it had better be mental imagery. Why? Because there is no more powerful mental tool than mental imagery and it can have a huge impact on your sports performance.
Beating the Blues. It's very hard to stay \blue\ 24 hours a day, seven days a week. People have to work hard to do that, which is good news. You have the power -- even if you're experiencing the blues -- to get relief if you want it.
Natural Living Is in Short Supply. When we consider many of the medicines that have been cited as being in short supply, such as injections for chemotherapy or injections inhibiting blood clotting, we are considering medications that are likely the product of a modern Western life far removed from the natural order of things.
'Hygiene Hypothesis' or 'Old Friends' Theory?. Is it the \hygiene hypothesis\ or the \old friends\ theory that makes the most sense? From a recent report on papers from the International Scientific Forum on Home Hygiene, it seems like it's just two views from different sides of the same coin.
7 Restaurant Mistakes Healthy People Make. By Maridel Reyes More from Health.com
Lessons From Lincoln. Not one of us will know the pressure that Lincoln did, but the lesson of taking a bird's eye view on our lives is priceless for overcoming fear and anxiety -- no matter how small the issue is.
Can Ghosts Cross the Ocean?. When we first came to America a long time ago, Ngoai, my maternal grandmother, suffered a sort of crisis of faith. She prayed and lit incense sticks and tapped the copper gong to call our ancestors' spirits, but she was no longer convinced that her prayers were heard.
Cascade Helps Keep People Coming Back for HIV Treatment. Last year, we celebrated 30 years of progress in the fight against AIDS. This year, let's celebrate World AIDS Day by looking forward. We've challenged ourselves by setting an ambitious goal of an AIDS-free generation. Let's examine where we are on our way to that goal.
Lessons From Becoming a Marathoner. How can words possibly describe how fantastic, how beautiful, and how majestic the marathon is?  I don't think they can. However, I would like to share a few lessons that I learned while becoming a marathoner.  They say that the marathon is a metaphor for life, and I couldn't agree more.
6 Ways Your Job Is Making You Sick, And What You Can Do About It. At the height of cold and flu season, you may be wondering whether or not it's even safe to enter the office, between the
Trim Your Christmas 'Three'. Just like abstaining from carbs will trim your waist in two weeks, trimming three from your family relationships will decrease your load of \dirty laundry\ in the same amount of time. Keep it up between now and New Year's Day, and you'll coast through the holidays like Santa on a sleigh.
All Is Well in My World. A positive view on life is all about nurturing the essences we want active. It's okay for life to hurt, and it's very well when things feel like crap, as long as we take responsibility and course correct when things are not the way we would like them to be.
A Love Letter to My Sisters. Look above you into the sky and recognize the expansive majesty and mysteries of how great an opportunity to be on this rock floating in space. Recognize the universe and your part in it. It is beyond miraculous.
Ideal Weight. The findings are based on telephone interviews of 1,015 adults between Nov. 15 and 18 of last year. Another way to determine
HIV In Youths. By Julie Steenhuysen Young people ages 13 to 24 account for 26 percent of all new HIV infections, according to the report
Oliver And Irene Bogler, Married Cancer Researchers, Diagnosed With Breast Cancer At Age 46 (VIDEO). Harvey Singer, the founder of HISBreastCancer.org, told HuffPost Live that fighting breast cancer as a man taught him that
Flu Forecast. To conduct their research, the authors said, they needed real-time data, and they found it in an online tool called Google
5 Ways to Transform Your Stress Response. It's our individual responsibility to learn to manage our response to news and other stressful situations. I hope these tips
It Takes a Community to Heal Sorrow. In an instant, I belonged on that truck, in that community, in the diesel fuel with the chickens and workers and school kids and the women on their way to market. Through one mother with a baby, the Nepali people embraced me as one of their own.
How To Burn More Calories? Choose Your Workout Buddy Wisely, Study Says. Who you choose as a workout buddy could determine how effective your exercise will be. Researchers determined that young
Largest Chickenpox Outbreak In The U.S. Hits Vigo County In Indiana. Vigo County has seen 84 cases of the varicella-zoster virus -- marked by itchy blisters on the body, fever, stomach ache
Stressors Trigger A Nation Of Yellers. According to studies in the workplace and at home, we are a nation of yellers. That's not because we are all at the game
'Tis the Season to Be... Perfect?!. Despite the fact that we may tell ourselves, \The holidays are a time to appreciate what we have and enjoy the people in our lives,\ many are actually focusing on something else
Jury Awards $1.5 Million in Suicide Malpractice Suit. A Syracuse, N.Y. jury has awarded a $1.5 million medical malpractice verdict to the family of a man who committed suicide.   I was the medical expert for the family.
If Your Pet Is Stressed Out, This Could Be the Reason. It may be hard to swallow the fact that the fuzzy creature in your lap or at your feet has similar wiring to his wild cousins, but it's a fact I wish more pet owners would embrace.
6 Brain-Busting Health Conditions. You know the obvious behaviors that could potentially hurt your brain, like taking drugs, heavy drinking or watching a marathon
The Tissue Controversy. When health-care providers cry -- as they almost all do, at least occasionally -- I encourage all of us as their family members, friends, colleagues, and sometimes patients to offer them an ear, a tissue, and a reminder that even though it is rarely talked about, they are not crying alone.
An Easy Trick to Make Dieting Easier. I think our appetites are pretty much like toddlers. When we're told -- or even when we tell ourselves -- that we have to cut back or give up a favorite treat, it's hard not to feel deprived. It can be hard to stop thinking about that thing we can't have.
Tweets of Diabetes Experience. While it's easy to see diabetes as a burden and at times feel angry, ashamed or frustrated, if we look at it through the spirit of thanks-giving, it's also possible to see something gained.
Motivational Videos. What's holding you back from accomplishing your goals and dreams? Ainslie Macleod says, \If you can overcome the past then
Embryo Survival Gene May Fight Range Of Diseases. Arih2 was first identified by another group of scientists in the fruit fly but it drew the interest of Pellegrini's team
Drowning and Other Fears. My failure fear is centered on expecting too much of myself and having too many goals. There are 24 hours in a day. And this girl appreciates sleep.
Make Friends With Your Menu. Balancing your diet with your health, career, social life and fitness regimen is challenging enough without making dining out a misery for you and your dinner companions. Choose wisely, remember less is more, and enjoy your meal!
I Lost Weight. I was a 60 in the waist, a 7-XL in the shirt and very lazy. I was driving a Cadillac DeVille and had to have the driver's
4 Deadly Habits That Pack on the Pounds. With so many options out there for weight loss, and so many experts to dish it out, it's easy to see why the \right or wrong way\ can get lost in the weight-loss storm. What if I told you that avoiding a few simple habits could be the first step to help you shed pounds?
Why Mindful Breathing Works. To understand how pausing works, consider that chronic stress affects the brain much as running too many applications simultaneously impacts your computer's performance.  After all, the brain is a computer of sorts.  And both suffer when overloaded.
Aerobic Exercise Could Help Beat Cancer Fatigue, Review Shows. And another study conducted by Mayo Clinic researchers showed that acupuncture could play a role in relieving fatigue in
We Tried It. This class is not for the faint of heart -- or weak of muscle. There are few modifications offered to make any of the moves less strenuous and participants are encouraged to push themselves to the limit in every class.
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (Nov. 23-29). It's not so much about sex acts as the ability to safely share one's emotional, relational and/or sexual truth with one's world and to receive another's truth without judgment.
The Moment Long-Distance Running Goes From 'Hate It' To 'Love It'. \Running is an amazing cheap thing that can make us feel great about ourselves,\ he said. \But the secret to running is balance
The Challenge You Didn't Hear About. Newark Mayor Cory Booker made headlines this week by accepting a challenge from a Twitter follower to live on food stamps for a week. Never one to accept merely one challenge at a time, he also accepted a challenge from me.
It's Not Magic -- It's Manifesting!. Here's the deal
Metabolize This!. We tend to think of metabolism in purely physiological terms.  I invite you to think of metabolism as information processing.
Grapefruit Drug Interactions. Many of the drugs are common, such as some cholesterol-lowering statins, antibiotics and calcium channel blockers used to
Smoking Rots The Brain, Study Says. While this study addresses long-term effects of smoking, the inhalation of cigarette smoke often has some much more obvious
HuffPost Q&A. Eating fish confers net benefit. Maybe it's the omega-3, and maybe not.  Maybe it's because of adding fish, and maybe it's because of displacing meat. Maybe it's all of these, and it's in spite of the contaminants that come along for the ride.
5 Myths About Sleep. If shopping on Black Friday leaves you exhausted, or if your holiday guests keep you up until the wee hours, a long Thanksgiving
Can the Infidelity-Damaged Relationship Survive?. The Petraeus and Broadwell families can take comfort in one thing
Finding Meaning Through Adventure for Young Adults With Cancer. For young adults, cancer comes at a time when life is sweet and our awareness of our mortality is the furthest thing from our minds. A host of unique psychosocial challenges make it even more important to seek life, meaning and purpose, to reclaim it from cancer.
Surefire Stress Relief, Part 4. If you think you're constantly getting barraged with other people's drama, consider this
Driving Your Basic Equipment. Remember when you learned to drive a car? Didn't you need to know some basics about the car's equipment? Maybe you didn't need to know specifically how the fuel injectors interact with the fuel pump. But you at least had to understand that the gas pedal gets you moving.
What Fiona Apple and Jimmy Stewart Know About Loving -- and Losing -- a Dog. Some people who write about their pets really write about their pets -- and they do it in a way that speaks to the hearts of other humans who have also had significant interspecies relationships.
November Is National Family Caregivers Month. The Obama administration has declared that November is National Family Caregivers Month.  The proclamation declares that family member, friends and neighbors dedicate countless hours providing care to their relatives and loved ones.
Fiber Sources. High fiber foods are not only important for digestive health -- they can also help to maintain weight, lower cholesterol
Public Health Triumph. The new USPSTF score of an \A\ for HIV testing means that there is now broad public health consensus that HIV screening should now be as routine as blood pressure screening for Americans.
Elderly Sleep Habits Are Not Too Different From Younger Adults, Study Suggests. The study, published in the journal Healthy Aging and Clinical Care in the Elderly, showed that just 25 percent of seniors
'Sleeping On It' Works For Difficult Problems. By Annie Hauser Does sleeping on your problems help you? Share why or why not in the comments below. The reason, he says
Why You Should Watch a Movie Tonight. Most of us take a reactive approach to media, entertainment and art. We turn to these for many reasons, but not often to help us improve our lives in a proactive way. Yet there's a growing body of research that shows it has the power to do just that.
Your Pre-Resolution. In an effort to get us motivated for the New Year, I encourage you to start your pre-resolutions now.  Here are 10 tips to inspire, prep and motivate you so that by 2013, you're in a groove, ahead of the game and addicted to how good you're feeling.
Swedish Massage Could Lower Stress Hormone Cortisol. The study included 53 adults, 29 of whom had a 45-minute Swedish massage either once a week or twice a week for a five-week
The Secret To Better Cooking? Vegetables. Wansink and his team interviewed 500 mothers with at least two children under the age of 18 living at home. Participants
Stress Relief Tips From Around The World. \Stress Relief Tips From Around The World\ originally appeared on Health.com You knew that, but you might not be aware of
Why We Love. One of the most prevalent and least understood of human emotions, love has intrigued poets, philosophers, scientists, artists, and historians alike for centuries. At this point we know more than ever about the chemistry of attachment and the psychology of affection.
Flow Downstream. Norman Fischer says, \Life comes and goes. Life comes and goes very quickly. We don't need to worry so much.\ When in doubt, find your footing in change. Instead of fighting the current, take cue, and for once in your life, flow downstream.
Getting the Best of Guilt. I have been a family caregiver for 10 years. And if there is one emotion that I have experienced throughout this time, it is guilt. And it's one complex emotion.
Faster Flu Vaccines May Be Possible, Study Suggests. In contrast growing vaccines in fertilised chicken eggs can take up to six months, while using cell cultures may reduce that
Restless Leg Syndrome. Restless leg syndrome is now recognized as both a sleep disorder and a neurological disorder. Despite this progress, RLS still remains something of a mystery condition.
After Thanksgiving Exercise. Thanksgiving is, without a doubt, primarily a feast holiday. But that doesn't mean you can't add a little family fitness
Celebrate Laughter. Energy comes from humor. However, each of us, even the crotchety, must locate our sense of what's funny, raucous or wry. Although jokes often elude me, I really respond to the spontaneous comedy of life itself.
Have a Happy and Healthy Holiday Season. It's about that time when every week is filled with a work party, cocktail hour or special dinner to celebrate the holidays. When you're faced with nostalgic foods and drinks at every turn, it's easy to veer off a healthy eating path during the holiday season.
Sadness Could Influence Financial Decisions, Study Suggests. The study included three separate experiments. For one of them, researchers found that study participants who watched a sad
Super Soul Sunday. Oprah and Jean Houston sit down to talk about being the hero in your own life and living authentically. Houston shares her
The Risks of Loving Fully. The point C.S. Lewis makes in The Four Loves is that closing our heart to the risk of heartbreak creates a living hell. The truth is that while heartbreak is extremely painful, it is not nearly as painful as the hell we create for ourselves when we hold back loving out of our fear of getting hurt.
Combine Sleep And Exercise To Enhance Weight Loss. 7. If you are unable to sleep well on a regular basis, or if you feel your sleep is unrefreshing, talk with your doctor or
I Lost Weight. Got a success story of your own? Send it to us at success.stories@huffingtonpost.com and you could be featured on the site
Don't Get Stuck in Regret. Most of my clients this week had a theme of being stuck in regret. And I laughed to myself because I was actually in the middle of doing the same round of work on myself that I was asking them to do.  Since I was so raw in this area, I was even more able to help than usual.
Black Friday Fitness. There's the walking from store to store, the stretching to reach the good stuff on the top shelf, maybe some heavy lifting
Black Friday. So how can we avoid getting swept away in the Black Friday frenzy? Brannon suggests reminding yourself why you're shopping
Home for the Holidays. You do yoga, drink green tea, and read every self-improvement book that comes out. You have it together, you are evolved, and you've got the whole emotional intelligence thing under control. And then the fourth Thursday of November approaches. Yup, it's time to go home for the holidays.
Reacting to Pain With Fear. When painful sensations arise and we can simply meet them with clarity and presence, we can see that pain is just pain. We can listen to pain's message and respond appropriately -- taking good care.
Healthy Thanksgiving Leftover Recipes. Overdo it? Yeah, us too. But just because you know better than to enthusiastically revisit your mother's butter-laden mashed
3 Simple Tips To Cut Through Holiday Stress. Let's face it.  The holiday season can be a really stressful time.  Long lines at the grocery store, traffic delays, and all of the financial costs associated with gifts, hosting, or travel can shift you into fight-or-flight mode before you even know what's hit you.
The Dos and Don'ts for Holiday Eating and Weight Loss. Usually, people either gain a lot of weight this time of year, or they deny themselves what they'd really like. Either way, they're miserable. Instead, the key to permanent weight loss is learning how to eat what you'll want the rest of your life -- in a way that will maintain a healthy weight.
10 Things to Be Thankful For. Now that we get our food from Fred Meyer, Rosauer's, or Walmart, we often forget that many people were involved in bringing our food to the table. So take a little time this Thanksgiving to send a quiet \thank you\ to them and to anyone else who's done something special for you lately.
Thanksgiving Calories. In fact, the average Thanksgiving meal clocks in around 3,000 calories, more than the estimated 1,600 to 2,400 that women
8 Healthy Superfoods Hiding In Your Thanksgiving Feast. The typical Thanksgiving can clock in at as many as 3,000 to 4,500 calories, an uncomfortably-full belly and a day of \physical
De-Stress the Holiday Mess. Once you've made the decision of how you're going to handle the holidays, with either all the delight or burden it can bring, go about systematically making decisions that are in line with that result.
Recharge Your Relationship (and Family) at the Dinner Table. If you're not feeling connected to your spouse after work, if family dinner in your house has disintegrated into a chaotic free-for-all, then it's time to make some changes to your evening meal routine.
10 Reasons Why Gratitude Is Healthy. When was the last time you stopped to really acknowledge the things you're thankful for? There's a whole host of reasons
Enjoy Thanksgiving Without Packing On The Pounds. By Bethenny Frankel Stuffing, mashed potatoes and gravy aren't usually part of a low-cal diet, but you can still savor Thanksgiving
HuffPost Gives Thanks. There are so many ways to say it. And so many reasons to. In that spirit, we asked HuffPost staffers what they're grateful
Meningitis Outbreak. Weber said many patients face weeks to months of additional treatment, more people may get sick, and there is more to learn
GPS Guide. The stress and strains of our always-connected lives can sometimes take us off course. GPS For The Soul can help you find
Day of Thanks, or Vice Verse-a. Most days, I let one thing or another distract me from the bountiful reasons I have to be thankful.  But I do, on occasion, reflect deeply on the tensions between striving and cherishing.  And when those reflections take me over, they often engender a poem.
Having an End-of-Life Conversation in the Midst of Life Part 2. You have introduced the idea of having a family conversation, or a series of conversations, about end-of-life wishes and goals. Mom and Dad are on board, the adult children want to know more, and everyone is ready to take the next steps to ensure wishes are followed. Now what?
Sleepy After Eating A Big Meal? Here's Why. For one, high-carb, high-fat and high-sugar foods (like, say, buttery mashed potatoes and pumpkin pie) trigger a neural response
Music Therapy for Individuals With Autism. Literature reports that most individuals with autism spectrum disorder respond positively to music. The frequency with which people with ASD show a heightened interest and response to music makes it an excellent therapeutic tool for working with them.
Prevent Holiday Weight Gain With These 7 Tips. It's that time of year again. Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Years are upon us, and along with them, the most weight-gaining window on the calendar. If you are trying to maintain your weight, it's a downright \dangerous\ time.
I Lost Weight. I realized that after losing so much weight there is some major toning to do. I use most of the machinery at the gym to help
A Movement to Fight HPV Throat Cancer. Strong, active men like Jeff won't think to seek medical help when they feel a lump in their throat or have difficulty swallowing. Public education will hopefully change that.
Surefire Stress Relief, Part 3. Thankfully, gratitude and appreciation can create their own positive psychophysiological holiday in your body -- without the necessity of a feast. If you find yourself facing Thanksgiving stress this week, remember to bring appreciation into your thoughts and heart.
Healthy Airport Food. On your way to the airport? While today may not be the busiest travel day of the year, despite the common misconception, there
'My Mind Seems to Wake Up When It Is Time to Sleep!'. People with delayed sleep phase feel sleepy much later in the night and need to sleep in to get sufficient sleep. As a result, they often suffer the effects of chronic lack of sleep, since most people have commitmernts to fulfill -- such as being in school or at work -- in the morning.
So Close. Our universal longing to feel heard and the profound sense of relief we experience when we feel \felt\ by someone speaks to this deep connection of love that transcends the immediate efforts of communication and transforms the intimate exchange into a timeless moment.
Dr. Pat Consults. To help a patient talk to her sister about her health and risk of Alzheimer's, I've enlisted the advice of neurologist Joseph Safdieh.
How To Get Your Good Posture Back. There are plenty of reasons to take posture seriously. First, there's the obvious body bonus
Sweet (Potato) Dreams. Traveling great distances and staying with friends and relatives often creates sleeping situations only slightly better than those on the Mayflower.  Fear not -- here are some sleeping tips that are more effective than grabbing onto the wishbone and hoping for the best.
Thanksgiving With Dietary Restrictions. Minimize the presence of wheat flour at the table, and consider whole-grain, gluten-free alternatives. Traditional bread
No Plans for the Holidays?. It's very easy to fall into a \poor me, nobody loves me, I'm going to go eat worms\ state of mind when you don't have any invitations for the holidays.  Alternatively, you could choose to enjoy your holidays anyway.  It's all in how you see it and who you hold accountable for the situation.
Steer Clear of the Cold. Sniffling and sneezing can put a damper on Thanksgiving festivities. After all, you want to be able to taste your holiday meal! Give your immune system an extra boost with the following.
3 Thanksgiving Workout Strategies. With most gyms closed on Thanksgiving, here are some workouts you can do to maximize calorie burn and limit the damage from excessive eating.
Stress Is an Obnoxious Thing. Meditation can essentially be seen as emotional weight-lifting for the mind.  If we do meditation in the morning and focus on the feeling of laughter, then we can carry that feeling throughout the day.
How to Eliminate Holiday Stress and Create Deeper Meaning. Thanksgiving has always been one of my favorite holidays, but I rarely gave the real meaning of the holiday -- gratitude -- any real thought. All of that changed after my father died 16 years ago. Family took on a different, enhanced meaning and I wanted to make the most of it.
Pharmacists May Be Unaware Of Discontinued Drugs, Study Finds. Researchers noted that electronic medical records make it easy for doctors to send prescription information to pharmacists
This Thanksgiving, Thank Your Therapist -- Or Go Get One. We should start referring friends to good therapists, unashamedly, the way we would refer them to a good dentist.  For now, I thank my own, and hope that others find their own path to wellness, no matter what anyone else says.
Teen Moms, Young Moms Endure Alarmingly-High Levels of Childhood Trauma, Crittenton Study Finds (Part Two). The good news is that services provided by organizations such as Crittenton can help people turn their lives around and interrupt the cycle of parents passing on their high ACE scores to their children.
This Thanksgiving, Thank Your Body. With the holiday around the corner, seasoned and aspiring cooks in households across America plan to fill their tables with a cornucopia of comfort foods. Before you run to the grocery store, I challenge you to evaluate what you put in your body by way of your holiday table.
Will DSM-5 Reduce the Rates of Autism?. The DSM-5 autism group has been blinded by an intellectual conflict of interest. Eager to introduce its concept of an autism spectrum, the group lost sight of a crucial and obvious fact
Healthy Thanksgiving Family Traditions. Don't panic
Thanksgiving 'To Don't' List. 12. Making everything yourself. Why not try an assigned potluck, or even ordering in part of the meal? 13. Avoiding Black
9 Thanksgiving Lessons I Learned From Cancer. They say it takes a village to raise a child. I'd say that when someone in the village gets cancer, it affects the entire village. It affects everyone we hold dear. Life is precious.
Why I Eat Meat. Ultimately, as a woman, I have often felt that I need meat for my body to feel healthy and happy. That means I have to be
Love and Competitiveness. To me, if you want to perform your best, love, compassion, spirit, and concern for others are absolutely essential, and here's why
Protecting Eating Disorders Recovery During the Holiday Season, Part I. From Halloween through New Year's Day, gatherings can tend to feel like a constant focus is placed on food, and the food served isn't often the healthiest of options. For some, being surrounded by comfort foods and sweets can make eating in moderation a difficult task.
'Tis the Season to Be Stressed. This week, the harried prep for Thanksgiving unofficially marks the opening of the Stress Season that will last through New Year's Day, when we can officially start feeling guilty about breaking the resolutions we'll make in response to the stress-induced overindulgence of the holiday season. So how do we change things and give ourselves the gift of mastering our stress instead of being slaves to it? The key is to prioritize not letting stress turn the holidays from a time of renewal to a time of frenzy. \Everything changed the day she figured out there was exactly enough time for the important things in her life,\ writes the artist Brian Andreas. So this is the perfect moment -- right before it all starts -- to slow down and reflect on how we can turn a time that so often becomes a time of high anxiety into a time of generosity, celebration, and coming together.
Having A Little Brother Linked With Slightly Increased Blood Pressure. Researchers analyzed the systolic and diastolic blood pressure levels of 374 people of Amazonian descent between the ages
How Technology Is Messing Up Our Sleep (INFOGRAPHIC). Try as we might to convince you that TVs, laptops and cell phones do not belong in the bedroom, 95 percent of Americans use
The Homeopathic Option for Whooping Cough. Clinical experience indicates that homeopathic medicine is a viable option for pertussis. However, mainstream medicine's general unwillingness to consider any therapy that is not manufactured by PhRMA tends to blind it to potentially new and/or unexplored treatments.
Get Fit With Or Without The Gym. A gym membership is great for a lot of reasons, but it's not a pre-requisite to get the lean, fit body you want. For every
Feeling Resentful? 6 Hard Facts About Shared Work. Resentment comes when you feel angry that you've been treated unfairly. But what is \fair\ when deciding who should do what work?
By the Time You Read This Blog.... I'm a 22-year-old and this isn't my first bout with cancer. I am now in my seventh iteration of the most crucial battle of my life. Being the most popular guy at the hospital is a lot like being the coolest guy in prison; a hard earned position you would rather not be in.
Staying Awake (A Video From Sounds True). No one can be awake all the time. We sleep and wake and go back to sleep. We're clear, then confused, then wide-eyed again. We feel safe, then nervous, then at peace again. It makes being human a practice of return.
Young Cancer Patients Rarely Get Help, Information On Fertility Issues. She confided in friends about her fear that she was going into early menopause and would never be a mother, but it wasn't
Vegetarian Thanksgiving. A number of \turkey\ products can add to the festive atmosphere in the same way as an actual bird. \We don't put whole turkeys
All Dog, No Bark. Too often, we jump to take extreme measures to try to \fix\ dogs, rather than changing their\u00a0environments\u00a0-- and our standards -- in order to better accommodate their natural tendencies.
The Single Best Thing You Can Do for Your Relationship. Relationships that are the most successful are those where both partners share their inner world with one another -- their real thoughts, feelings and desires -- and where their partner, in turn, is able to really hear them.
New Doctor Harder To Find Than New Significant Other For 29 Percent Of Americans. What's harder to find
Freeing Your Holidays (and Yourself) From Anxiety. It's time to change our relationship with the holidays. We don't have to break up with them, but just know that as with all things anxiety, the holidays aren't the problem -- it's the story in our head about the holidays that needs to change.
What Are You Grateful For?. We invite you to develop an ongoing relationship with gratitude by making a list of things to \remember to appreciate.\ You can do this hourly, daily, weekly, finding different things to appreciate each time.
Getting to the Core. Activating our core muscles has been a mantra by many professionals helping their clients in seeking better overall strength, protecting from back pain and improving performance. But what I learned early in my PT practice is that our brains do not know muscles, only movement.
TV and the Power of Suggestion. The power of suggestion is indeed powerful. And, in my opinion, it's rarely to our benefit. Think about it -- when you have a craving, is it for something healthy like apples or spinach, chicken or salmon? Not for me.
Speaking the Truth About Thyroid Disease. I've now successfully cured the supposedly incurable disease, and live happy and healthy with a fully functioning thyroid. More important and subtle to note, probably, is the fact that the groundwork has been laid within my body for it to express a different truth.
25 Ways to Say Thanks. As we approach Thanksgiving, in a post-election, post-hurricane time when our feelings probably outweigh our ability to express them, I thought it might be helpful to explore some ways to say thanks and experience feeling grateful.
7 Tips for a Healthy Thanksgiving. With Thanksgiving the start of the holiday season, temptations are all around us. However, if you practice portion control along with following some other simple healthy tips, you can enjoy your favorite foods without gaining a pound.
How Turkey Day Flexibility Can Lead to Success in Life. As much as we look forward to sharing the bounty at our holiday tables with friends and family each year, some parts of the long weekend can be a little trying.
Online Access To Patient Health Information Boosts Use Of Clinical Services, Study Shows. A new study is quelling any fears that online interaction with doctors -- whether it involves the ability to look up test
End Of AIDS Is 'Entirely Feasible,' UN Report Says. An aim to eventually end the worldwide AIDS epidemic is not \merely visionary\ but \entirely feasible\, the report said. Deaths
Can Giving Up Fast Food Lead To Better Sex? (VIDEO). Joining Redd and Griswold in the discussion were Dr. Howard Glazer, a neurophysiological psychologist and Clinical Associate
Giving and Receiving Are the Same. As a person with illness and in a wheelchair for many years, I am so frequently on the receiving end of other people's attention that I often forget there are many ways I can give.
The Sky-High Cost of Insomnia. It's all too common for people to shrug off their episodes of insomnia, to do their best to function and cope. This kind of \power through\ strategy is rampant in our busy world, but there's no real escape from the consequences that insomnia can bring.
6 Ways to Create an Adult Wish List. Maybe Peter Pan taught us a lesson after all
Muscle Shaking. \If you are not controlling your activation of your muscles with the proper nerve recruitment and there still is a load on
Pre-Ski Fitness Can Protect Against Post-Ski Injuries. But fitness experts say proper conditioning can make the difference between a fun weekend on the slopes and one waylaid by
3 Ways Sugar Is Good for Your Skin. A high-sugar diet won't do your skin many favors, but incorporating it into your topical beauty routine can deliver some pretty sweet results.
Permission to Be Ungrateful. Never let someone else tell you that honoring your intuition and gut to leave a situation they deem to be \just fine\ means you're ungrateful. Be grateful for what you have -- but take action to make changes anyway.
Sugary Soda Worsens Osteoarthritis In Men, Study Finds. Sugary soft drinks are one of the leading culprits of the obesity epidemic in America, and now a new study shows that your
What Does 'Giving Thanks' Really Mean?. Between my scientist and my cousin Donald I realized what \giving thanks\ really means. It means looking in someone's eyes until you can see their vibrant colors beneath the chlorophyll, beneath the mask or the bravado or the prickly personality.
Scrumptious Winter Soups for People Who Hate Beans. It all started one Saturday this summer, when we lunched at the home of friends. Maria served a delicious potato-leek soup that my family fell in love with.
An Open Letter to My Health Insurance Company. For more on health care, click here. As your records will show, the benefits you've paid on my behalf over the past 16 years
Breaking It Down. Although the human papillomavirus (HPV) has been recognized as a transmissible pathogen for the past several decades, the controversial use of HPV vaccines has vaulted the pesky bug into eyes of the mainstream media and scientific communities alike.
How Special and How Weird Are You?. At first I ignored it. When I did that, I got tremendous migraines. Is being sensitive to what's going on around you a help
Routine HIV Screening Backed By U.S. Preventive Services Task Force. The guidelines will be available for a 30-day public comment period before final recommendations are released, likely some
The Lance Armstrong Pile-On. Such is the passion within the sport that I only learned a few weeks ago about the omert\u00e0--the code of silence. What's funny
Commitments and Home Runs. I don't want to have trophies on my shelf showing how may home runs I hit. It's not about the ego validation or the fact that I \won the game\ for the team. It's about believing in myself, believing in committing to doing whatever I want to do and then actually taking the action to do it.
Soul Space. Creating a soul space calls for a process of ridding negatively-charged items and clearing out clutter. \Our interior design
Are You Stuffed Enough?. Our culture is very focused on acquisition of both things and experiences.\u00a0 There is an underlying assumption at work that freedom lies out there somewhere, if only we can own more of our environment so we can control it more and thus be happy and free.
Thanksgiving Turkey. Since the birds grow more slowly and move around, their meat isn't as soft and fine-grained. One of the reasons dry white
Diabetes Rate Lower In Black Tea-Drinking Countries. Meanwhile, the countries that drank the least black tea in the study included Mexico, Morocco, Brazil, China and South Korea
This Thanksgiving, Save the Stuffing for the Turkey. The key to thriving during the holidays (and beyond) is to love food more. While this advice may seem counterintuitive, when you love to eat, it pays to act like it! By eating mindfully, you'll eat less while enjoying it even more.
A-Tisket, A-Tasket... I Cannot Multitask It. The reality is that no one can slay dragons, attend parents' night, and write the great American novel all at once. I gave my best effort toward doing one major thing at a time to the very limit of my ability. Would I do differently if offered a do-over?  Of course not!
Everyday Heroes. In the wake of Hurricane Sandy, here on Long Island, we all recognize the heroes who came to our aid. But what about the everyday people?
20 Tricks For A More Effective Ab Workout. By Jennipher Walters for Shape.com Follow these 20 easy fitness tips to make your next ab workout more effective, so that
A Little Lie From the Heart. All the recent public talk about truth and deception got me thinking about the phenomenon of lying. I wish I could say that from this day on, I'll never tell a lie. But here's what gives me pause
Yoga for Runners. Anybody can run, and anybody can practice yoga.  I think that is why these two activities hold so much appeal to me, and to so many people.   They don't require expensive gear, they can be done anywhere, and they can be with us throughout our lives.
Thanksgiving. This Thanksgiving, I am viewing things in a new way. I have a renewed appreciation and a sense of not taking things for granted.
Inspirational Books. Wayne Gretsky is often quoted for saying, \You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take.\ The man is right
Motivational Videos. What can you expect from meditation? The practice \takes the blindfold off\
Winter-Proof Your Run. Baby, it's cold outside, but that doesn't mean you should be stuck on the treadmill. Exercising in the fresh air (even when
When Being Too Nice Hurts You. More from YouBeauty
Infection Protection. We understand that colds and flu are caused by viruses -- but we're still no closer to a cure. The only defense is a good offense. But who says it has to be a drag?
Freaking Stressed. I admit
Super Soul Sunday. Young, savvy and socially-aware, Mastin Kipp, Marie Forleo and Gabrielle Bernstein have developed self-made businesses, written
Lessons I Share on Super Soul Sunday. These three steps will help you navigate negative comments on the Internet, but what's most important is to practice raising the positive energy around you. Where there is darkness, we need to bring more light.
What I Learned From Oprah. Sitting next to Oprah for this hour-long interview, I was able to understand the magnitude of her mission. Learn more about my experience in this video.
Detox Made Safe and Simple. While healthy eating is our birthright, for many of us it seems like taking the plunge into eating a whole foods-based diet is the equivalent to traveling to some distant land.  But it doesn't have to be such a scary or foreign experience.
Yoga. This is an interview with Sarah Plummer, who started practicing yoga in 2001 in order to cope with overuse injuries from soccer and military training. After years of dabbling in the practice, in 2006, during her second deployment to Iraq, she became \hooked.\
Transform Yourself at Thanksgiving! Become a Walking Joy Spot. You can't find your joy without gratitude! And any time you feel out of joy, all you have to do is flip on your joy switch. Immediately find something for which to be joyful and keep your gratitude glasses on.
I Lost Weight. Got a success story of your own? Send it to us at success.stories@huffingtonpost.com and you could be featured on the site
Having Trouble Changing Your Life? Here's Why. When you're trying to change your life -- for example, get results like more money, a better career, better health, happier relationships, and so forth -- what you're really trying to do is create a new reality.
Snore, Snore, Alarm, Alarm, No One Listening?. Snoring is an alarm. In general, the louder the alarm, the bigger the problem. If an alarm is going off, do you ignore it, turn it off or try to find out why it's going off?
The Art of Balancing Self-Love and Self-Improvement. It has been said in the Hindu tradition that we are blessed with 1,000 gifts.  Whether or not this is true, surely the idea of that statement moves us to look at what gifts we do have, instead of the gifts that we are always searching to get.
Do You Feel Things Are Out of Your Control?. These days, with the devastation of Hurricane Sandy and the disruption of the lives of many New Yorkers, it is easy to feel powerless.  However, I notice that lately when disruptions happen, I am surprisingly calm; if the same things had happened a few weeks ago, I would be agitated.
The Practice of Saying 'Yes'. We bring alive the spirit of Radical Acceptance when, instead of resisting emotional pain, we are able to say \yes\ to our experience. The instant we agree to feel fear or vulnerability, greed or agitation, we are holding our life with an unconditionally friendly heart.
Micky Cheney Hospitalized Because He's Had Hiccups For 10 Days. For 39-year-old Micky Cheney, 10 days of hiccups -- which are caused by diaphragm spasms -- prompted him to check himself
12 Yoga Apps To Become A Better Yogi. By Giuliana Hazelwood While yoga mats are usually not a friendly place for cell phones, there are a new breed of mobile apps
A Shared Trauma. Following the devastation left in the path of Hurricane Sandy, I invite those who are suffering from this massive collective trauma to view this speech.
Meditation Influences Emotional Processing Even When You're Not Meditating. Meditation may influence the way the brain processes emotions -- even when you're not actually practicing it, a new study
What Is Intolerable to You in a Relationship?. If you are looking for a committed relationship, you have a much better chance of creating a loving relationship if you are very clear on what you want and what is not tolerable to you
What No One Tells You. What I didn't see coming, what I did not expect, was how ashamed everyone is about their lack of health coverage. I've been caught off guard, these last weeks, when friends and acquaintances have cornered me and whispered of their own non-insured situations.
Not Trying to Get Your Way May Make You Happier. We want to plan. We want to control. We want to be ready and look our best and come out on top. But controlling for what is coming is no guarantee you are going to make the most of what comes -- in fact, it's probably going to hinder our ability to get the most out of it.
Kids With Cold Urticaria, Rare Condition, Are Allergic To Cold Temperatures  (VIDEO). Connor's 8-year-old sister Taylor has now also been diagnosed with the disorder, and hers is more serious than Connor\u2019s
Physician, Speak No Harm. We can speak up when doctors betray our trust with their lack of professionalism.  And we should seek out physicians who model healthy behaviors and promote wellbeing with competence and caring.
10 Ways To Improve Your Life In 2 Minutes Or Less. For 12 more ways to improve your life from Shape.com, click here. For more on happiness, click here. You're just seconds
Unlock the Power of Self-Compassion. Every day it seems to become more apparent to me how deeply healing a practice of self-compassion is. During the difficult moments in life at times it seems as if we're wired to have a neural reaction of kicking ourselves while we're down.
Freestyle Rap Unlocks Creativity In The Brain. The researchers think that this combination of activation in certain areas and slowdown in others may account for the original
Narcissists and Children of Narcissists. I believe people have much to teach us and that we truly are equals. I was raised to believe that people, given the chance, can make something of themselves. But I do not value someone being wealthy or having stuff or having power as being successful.
Westin Hotels And New Balance Debut Gear-Lending Program Where Guests Can Rent Sneakers, Workout Clothes. One hotel chain is making that excuse obsolete. What do you think? Would hotel offerings like this motivate you to keep up
How To Wash Your Face. Fear not -- a few simple tweaks can make your skin healthier. Because November is National Healthy Skin Month, we felt it
Boundaries for the Alcoholic Parent/Grandparent. t's one thing to implement boundaries on your own toward one person or a whole group, but when those boundaries involve others, it is important to calculate each step, think it out, talk it out and try and prepare for any outcome -- good, bad or indifferent.
Muscle Mass Made Easy. I've often said that while gaining muscle can be very difficult, it's also pretty simple -- at the heart of it, you just need to take in more energy than you expend, and use an intelligent program. This is especially true for beginners.
Don't Let Your Expectations Do You In. The good news is that to the extent that you can change your expectation, you can inoculate yourself against anger. And it's important to do this, because your anger only hurts you!
Surefire Stress Relief, Part 2. For many of us, the stress bath emotional state has become the norm, so learning how to manage our reactions to news has never been more vital to our health and relationships.
Drink Up! The Benefits of Tea. As we step further into fall and the weather continues to cool down, warming foods and drinks become extra delicious and comforting. Think hot chocolate after a morning ski or an apres-surf cup of coffee or tea.
9 Essential Health Facts About Caffeine. By Wyatt Myers Medically reviewed by Cynthia Haines, M.D. As any habitutal coffee drinker knows, caffeine is a stimulant
How to Overcome Neediness. When all is said and done, the key to overcoming neediness is to respect your needs for connection instead of fearing them. When you do, the chaos of neediness gives way to the clarity of intimacy. And everyone's happier for it.
The Fearless Orgasm. I often have female patients seeing me because they can't achieve an orgasm when they are with their partners. Seeing me is usually their last ditch effort to try to fix things and usually after several visits to various medical professionals.
From Addict to Entrepreneur. No matter how bad it gets, no matter what mistakes you've made in the past, and no matter how old you are, you can overcome anything, become successful, and lead a respectable, healthy life.  I say this because I overcame my battles with addiction, a battle that raged for more than 22 years.
Hospice. An end-of-life discussion is not a conversation likely to arise spontaneously on its own. Whether you are an aging parent or a concerned adult child, you must make the first move. Seize any opportunity to begin the conversation.
Should I Screen? Study Urges Caution For Cancer Tests. As Gary Schweizer of Health News Review points out, several studies have showed an outsized enthusiasm for screening as a
Lack Of Fear, Need For Reward Drive Alcohol Abuse From Stress Among College Students. According to the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism, heavy drinking is most common on younger adults (late
Smokeout Day 2012. While adult smoking rates in the general population were cut in half between 1965 and 2004, the ratio of heavy and dependent smokers who meet the psychiatric definition of \nicotine dependence\ is steadily rising.
Weight Gain During the Holidays Is Hard to Undo. Remember that the holidays are primarily there to reconnect with family and friends and to celebrate good times. Enjoying delicious food is certainly part of that, but it shouldn't be the main focus.
Healthy Neuroticism Linked With Lower Levels Of Inflammation Biomarker, Study Suggests. Neuroticism and conscientiousness are considered two of the \big 5\ personality domains. The others include extraversion
It's Cold And Flu Season. Colds are most contagious at the onset, when you first start to notice that hint of a sore throat, says Collins, making it
Applesauce Agave Banana Bread. Banana bread is a traditional favorite, and I love to bake it during the holidays. By substituting agave nectar for sugar and applesauce for oil, you can enjoy this sweet treat with less sugar, less fat -- and no guilt.
How to Write a Eulogy... for Yourself. \Contemplating one's own death is a spiritual practice. It can certainly be the focal point of any meditation or journal writing. A Buddhist would say that we should examine it with every breath.\
West Nile Virus. Lisa Whelchel, the \Facts of Life\ actress who is now a contestant on \Survivor
What Would Batman Eat?. A recent study discovered that if you ask kids to choose between apple slices or French fries with their lunch, and you ask them \What would Batman eat?\ they will choose the apple slices over the fries.
The Hardest Thing I've Ever Done. I have always justified all this thinking and planning and creating of future fantasies by telling myself that I just had a lot of ambition to live life to the fullest. The problem was that the present me, just as she was, was being neglected.
My Grandmother's Winter Coat. Loss doesn't always have to be greeted with anger or sadness. In fact, if you greet loss and differences with grace, you might find that you live in a warmer, brighter world than you ever realized. That's how my grandmother saw the world, and she shared the warmth.
Wait a Minute -- I Thought Organic Was Supposed to Be Better?. ou've probably heard about the recent organic food study in which Stanford University researchers conclude that organic foods aren't any more nutritious than conventional foods.
Ben Gibbard Makes A Workout Mix For Long-Distance Runners. For years, Death Cab For Cutie frontman Ben Gibbard was the slightly pudgy guy in glasses who, through his songs, let the
Where Cancer Prevention Must Start. While improvements have been made in the curriculum of American medical schools over the past few decades, cancer prevention is one essential area that is still neglected. The emphasis is on treatment, rather than prevention.
Watching Your Weight? Beware the Dangers of Unplanned Eating. Paying attention to -- and cutting back on -- unplanned eating is really an extension of the principles of mindful eating
I Lost Weight. After a couple of weeks of getting the eating plan down I began using Leslie Sansone's Walk at Home Program on DVD. I walked
'Tis Almost the Season, or the Backstory to the Binge. Binges never happen in an emotional vacuum, even though we can pretend that they do. Often, someone claims that she was in perfect control of her eating until she ate that first doughnut or piece of chocolate. \It was the sugar that set off my binge,\ is usually the explanation.
Bringing Love Alive During Holidays Challenged by Absence and Loss. Causes of vacancy come in endless iterations and are particularly poignant during the holidays.  You may be left staring death in the face. Or, perhaps your loss involves a loved one that lives far away and finances are insufficient to bring them to your door.
'Shh-Thanks-Givin'. We had arrived in America with nothing but rags in our backpacks and a few ounces of gold that my mother had tucked into her money belt. An impoverished aunt took us all in. Soon there were 10 people crowding together in Auntie Lisa's tiny two-bedroom apartment in San Francisco.
Need Cures? Who Ya Gonna Call?. While we need to celebrate the success stories in medical research that allow us to carry on our lives, we have more work to do.  We must ensure that we continue to have a robust flow of scientific discoveries that we can then translate into better health.
We Survived Hurricane Sandy. Now What?. The adrenaline rush is over.  The long rebuilding and recovery is ahead.  The urgency of surviving gives way to the sadness of personal loss and infrastructure devastation and day after day of work. What is the spiritually intelligent response? Here are some of my ideas. I welcome yours.
Your Morning Cup of Tea or Coffee Can Be Your Meditation. Meditating is something everyone can do.  Whether you're sitting in a lotus position chanting or drinking a cup of tea or coffee, you can put your focus on the here and now by concentrating on what you're dong with awareness.
It Ain't Necessarily So. We saw played out on the national stage how seductive it is to believe our own fabrications about the way it is, and we saw the prices we'll pay as a result of our unwillingness to look beyond what we think we already know.
The Alcohol and Cancer Link. The specific type of alcohol involved in reducing cardiovascular risk does not seem to matter -- beer, wine, vodka and other types all seem to bestow the same effects.  With this in mind, though, what are the best ways to drink in moderation safely?
'What's It Like to Lose a Testicle?'. Jonny Imerman has heard just about every imaginable question since his testicular cancer journey began in 2001.
Acid Reflux Natural Remedies. Between 25 and 40 percent of Americans will suffer from gastroesophageal reflux disease, known as GERD, a chronic condition
The Many Health Benefits of a Good Belly Laugh. It feels good to laugh once in a while. Everyone knows that. But laughter as a health-promoting exercise is not as widely practiced, despite the fact that scientists have long known about the potential healing effects of good humor.
Schizophrenia Patients' Care In Britain Too Often Makes Them Worse, Rather Than Better. \In this country we've become preoccupied with the idea that schizophrenia means a madman with an axe,\ Robin Murray, a professor
Healthier Ways To Bake Without Butter Or Oil. Whether it's to cut calories, explore new flavors or just make due with available ingredients, recipe substitutions are an
Cut Diabetes Risk. Care for a spot of type 2 diabetes, luv? No? Then you might want to consider forming a tea habit. Read more on Newser.com
10 Gluten-Free Breakfast Recipes. From muffins to frittatas, you'll love these delicious morning options whether or not you have food allergies. Read more
A Stroke At 19 -- With A Surprising Cause. One in four people has a tiny hole inside their heart called a patent foramen ovale, or PFO. Most of us never know we have
Hooked From Above. I used to feel inconsistent, because my moods would change. I'd want solitude, then when alone, couldn't wait to be with others. I'd want to be still and walk slowly through the woods, but once there for a while, couldn't wait to hear live music.
Fit and Smart. Scientists have long studied exercise and its impact on any number of physical and emotional factors, including bone density, cardiovascular disease and stress. If these advantages aren't enough to get you motivated, maybe knowing that it also improves your mind will.
An Interview With Peyton Goddard, a Non-Speaking Autistic, and Her Mother, Dianne Goddard. Peyton Goddard and her mother, Dianne Goddard, wrote the book I Am Intelligent  with Carol Cujec, Ph.D.  It is a memoir
Bird Flu Vaccine. A special adjuvant boosts the effectiveness of the Glaxo vaccine, Friedland said, allowing for less antigen. With such a
3-D Imaging Improves Breast Cancer Screening. The mammograms most women receive are decidedly two-dimensional. An x-ray machine takes images of the breast from the sides
Taking The Office To Bed. Is clacking away on a laptop while sprawling on bed sheets more comfortable and productive than hunching over a desk? Researchers
Slow Down!. Not only is slowing down restful, restorative, and recharging. It is vital. And it feels really good to boot. Slow downs also prep you for the high-tempo, crazy-fast, fluorescent and pumping number that is surely cued up as the very next song in your life.
Entrepreneurs Are Healthier, Report Finds. The report shows that entrepreneurs are less likely to have chronic diseases like diabetes, high cholesterol, obesity and
GPS Guide. For more GPS Guides, click here. GPS Guides are our way of showing you what has relieved others' stress in the hopes that
5 Workout Mantras That Are Bad For Your Body. By Jessica Smith We asked Elizabeth Lombardo, Ph.D., a psychologist, physical therapist and author of A Happy You
Why Your Body Craves Carbs. Don't get me wrong, antibiotics save lives. However, they're also overused. While these medicines play valuable roles in managing infections, they also wreak havoc on our guts.
Everyday Energy Booster. Skin brushing is attributed to a Chinese healing art called qi gong. The intention is to help your lymphatic system, located just beneath your skin, drain the toxins it has filtered. And it feels great.
Beat the Winter Blues. Winter can be a challenging time for many people. How do you feel as the days get shorter and colder? Do you gain weight or slack on your workout routine? What is your script about winter that you tell yourself and others?
Strong vs. Weak Links. I gravitate toward certain people. I meet tons of people and usually end up loving most of them, but some pull me in deeper immediately. I get an instant connection that I can't deny or ignore; it doesn't make perfect sense but just happens.
The Alliance of Adversity. Through struggle, we give birth to new features of our character.  In those features, we unlock the possibility of appreciating our commonality and of realizing our most profound potential.
Congress Must Step in to Prevent Another Deadly Meningitis Outbreak. Lawmakers will hold the first hearings this week to investigate the deadly outbreak of meningitis in the United States. Those hearings represent a step in the right direction, but Congress must follow up with legislative action -- or run the risk that this outbreak will be followed by others.
Binaural Beats And Soothing Sounds During Cataract Surgery Could Ease Anxiety. The findings were presented at the annual meeting of the American Academy of Ophthalmology; because they have yet to be published
Kick in the Tush Club. Permanent weight loss is a holistic event.  Permanent weight loss is a mind-changing, life-changing event.  You can lose weight, but you will find it again and again until you are ready for permanent change.
Medical Tourism. Boyon said it was not surprising that men and women from emerging nations would be medically mobile if the treatments were
Mind Over Matter. Stress abounds in our modern lives, and for the most part, we manage it as best we can. Though we may think that we're coping just fine, the reality may be that stress is contributing to the trend of national weight gain.
Can Yoga Improve Your Sex Life?. Yoga is a wonderful practice that can awaken many things in a person. When at its best, yoga helps us to slow down, get connected and feel.
3 Ways to Prepare Fall's Super Veggie. Chard packs a healthful punch with all its glorious colors. Here are three (really four!) ways to enjoy this superstar.
Everything Is Going to Be OK. Obama won't save us. He won't destroy us. America's chilling predicament won't be solved by Democats in power. It wouldn't be solved by Republicans in power. Deliverance comes through hitching our wagon to something much bigger
Brain Lesions May Develop At Higher Rate Among Women Who Get Migraines, Study Suggests. \These figures mean that female migraine patients are [two] times more likely to develop new lesions, compared to female
Digital Tablets Help Readers With Vision Loss. In the ongoing debate about how digital devices, lines are often drawn between younger and older. But a new report dispels
If You Are Not Your Body, Who Are You?. The opportunity in connecting to the witness state while being present in your body is to understand that we do not have to be trapped in the drama associated with how we relate to our bodies and to life.
Good Advice From the Buddha for President Obama. There have been some great achievements in the last four years, as well as promises that haven't been kept. But perfection is knowing one's own imperfections, which gives us the ability to get up each time we fall.
Living With Alzheimer's, Looking for a Home. We can take each of those seven characteristics of \home\ and use them to assess living environments for people with dementia, remembering that significant accommodations may need to be made to recreate the home experience that patients yearn for.
Horses and Health Promotion. The predominant efforts of health promotion might reasonably be catalogued in terms of carrots, sticks, and leading people to water -- whether or not we can make them drink it.  Which leads, naturally, to horses.
Fix Your Form. We've been sharing Woll's thoughts on the biggest mistakes we all make while building muscle, plus her tips and tricks for
Healthy Snacking. According to survey results published by market research company, the NPD Group, Americans with the healthiest overall eating
Lose Weight To Sleep Better. More than just shedding pounds, researchers attributed the improved slumber to losing body fat -- specifically, belly fat
Xarelto. The trial will start in the first quarter of next year and should last for about five years. The Compass trial - in the third
My Dearest Sweetheart. Even worse, somewhere in the dark, you are working actively against me
Even Your Strangest Dreams Are Rooted In Reality. The realm of sleep and dreams has long been associated with strangeness
The Attraction to Bad Boys Explained. Even after outgrowing the lure of the bad boy, the syndrome still perplexed me. Why was this self-defeating pattern so prevalent among women? Unsolved mysteries stay with me, and this one was no different.
Planning. In the same vein as any work of art, appreciate plans for what they are and leave room for spontaneous creativity. What initially strikes us as a violation of or departure from the grand plan may become the focal point of the next.
Motivational Video, Headspace. Do you want to start a meditation practice, but don't think you have the time? Watch 'Mind Man' Andy Puddicombe's inspiring
Prostate Cancer Research. Click through the slideshow for our roundup of some of the biggest findings on prostate cancer of the last year
Your Guide To Everyday Spices. I've had the opportunity to work with herb farmers and ingredient suppliers that have access to amazing ingredients. When I'm in the kitchen experimenting with ways to create new and delicious flavor profiles, I rely on getting those flavors from herbs, spices, and vinegars. They amplify taste and can add color and texture to a meal, all with less sodium.
Winning. My friends chose to lose, but I chose good health and good foods, which are grown here at what's lovingly called \The Ranch.\
Staying Healthy While on the Road. Staying healthy, eating well and exercising while traveling take effort and dedication as well as planning ahead. As much as possible, you have to take control of your circumstances.
I Lost Weight. Check out more of our inspiring weight loss stories below
Diabetes Symbol Mostly Unused by U.S. Organizations. With diabetes threatening our health, our lives, our economies, and our health-care resources, I'd love diabetes organizations to come to the table and have a conversation about how each can use the blue circle in a way that doesn't compromise its own brand.
The 25 Best Diet Tricks Of All Time. Here, we've gathered 25 classic tips from our favorite health and nutrition experts. These simple strategies may not be as
Remember AEP. If someone were to look at how you are living, would your actions support the priorities you deem most important? Are you making the time to clarify, then focus, on your priorities?  Are you ensuring that your actions follow suit?
You're It! An Invitation to Show Up Fully. These are some of the keys I have discovered to showing up more fully and authentically, to engaging my \self\ as an instrument of service and love in this world.  They're the kind of things I think we need to figure out anyway.
The Holiday Relationship (Or Lack of Relationship) Challenges. Your intent -- whether to control and avoid, or to love yourself and share your love with others -- is the main choice that can determine whether your holidays are stressful and lonely, or peaceful and fulfilling.
Lost and Found in Menopause. Aging and changing might be inevitable, but they ain't easy. They precipitate in us a great uncertainty. The myriad dramatic disturbances of modern middle life create an overwhelming crisis of identity and purpose for each of us.
Energy Drinks Mess With Soldiers' Sleep. Reuters also reported on a recent study in Consumer Reports magazine showing that the labels for 11 of 27 popular energy
Male Sexual Abuse Survivor Speaks Out Against Stigmas, Silence (VIDEO). Noftsger, the Assistant Department Head for Human Development and Family Science at Oklahoma State University, assessed that
Online Search Habits Reveal When Our Allergies Are Worst. While spring had the most searches for allergy symptoms, fall came in second. Study researcher Dr. Leonard Bielory, M.D., an
Of Winners and Losers. In my travels around the world, I've met with lots of people who describe their wins and losses in their business, career, and personal arenas. I divide them into two groups.
Being a Successful Caregiver. Receiving the news that a loved has been diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease or a related form of dementia is often life-changing. As our population ages, more and more of us are faced with the difficult reality that our loved ones are experiencing increased memory impairment.
How to Create a Sacred Space for Prayer and Meditation. Your sacred space will be used for meditation, prayer, sending healing energies and writing in your journal. This space is for your introspective process, and it is important that it is undisturbed by outside influences.
Changing Politics One Poem at a Time. It's apparent, after this election, that politics is in need of soul reviving as well.  I'm proposing that poetry might just be the medicine to repair its failing spirit.
The Best Way To Eat Fruit. \The concern should not be empty stomach or with a meal. Rather the concern should be how can I eat more of this health-boosting
Veteran's Day 2012. Let's remember that the effects of their service do not end once they are no longer actively in the military. Veterans continue to give us significant parts of their lives, even years after their duty is over.
Natural Remedies For Insomnia. By Sally Wadyka for YouBeauty.com Trouble sleeping through the night can sometimes drive you to the use of intense sleeping
Older Veterans Also Have Mental Health Needs. In addition to increasing the pace of expansion and improvement of the VA's mental health services, efforts need to be made to ensure that older veterans as well as veterans of current wars benefit.
12 Ways to Upgrade Your Workout. Perhaps you're starting a new fitness regimen, or maybe you've hit a training plateau. Here are 12 easy-to-follow tips to upgrade your workouts. Try them one at a time or all at once and upgrade your training to the next level.
How to Master the Art of Falling Apart. I'm in no way suggesting that hurt and depression are good places to hang out. They're not. I'm all about happiness, joy and fulfillment! However, when things in your life aren't working or you're feeling down and overwhelmed, sometimes you have to fall apart.
Probiotics May Improve Cholesterol, Small Study Suggests. New research shows that probiotics -- live microorganisms in foods like yogurt that are known to be good for digestive health
How To Let Go Of Resentment. Read more on Mind Body Green Or perhaps you've been the one to upset someone else and feel frustrated with yourself?\u00a0 Believing
Meditation and War Trauma. Meditation is mobilizing attentiveness on purpose. What we pay attention to grows, like watering a newly-planted tree. As we use this capacity for awareness it grows stronger, a kind of meditative muscle.
Veterans Day. While we want to thank them -- and all military men and women who have dedicated their lives to serving others -- we can
Military Medical Advances. On Veterans Day, we commemorate the service and sacrifice of individual military officers -- their willingness to disrupt
Thank Veterans. Sunday, Nov. 11, we celebrate Veterans Day, commemorating those who dedicate their lives to protecting the lives of others
Yoga Poses for a Winter Glow. Winter months can wreak havoc on our skin. The cold temperatures, dry indoor heat and stress of the holidays all can add to inflammation and skin problems. Yoga to the rescue! Yoga gives us a youthful glow and can help restore our skin during this time of year.
SFRP4 Protein Linked With Increased Risk Of Later Developing Type 2 Diabetes. \In the long term, our findings could also lead to new methods of treating Type 2 diabetes by developing ways of blocking
Cultivate Gratitude During a Crisis. There are strategies for cultivating gratitude -- even during times of epic disasters such as Hurricane Sandy. With practice, even under the most difficult circumstances, the ability to be appreciative will strengthen you.
How I Cured My Addiction to Fall-Flavored Coffee Drinks -- And How You Can, Too. Those who know me won't be surprised that one of my go-to items for a \hit\ of autumn is an edible -- well, drinkable -- one. For years now, I've been addicted (potential 12-step-group-addicted) to Starbucks' Pumpkin Spice Lattes (or, as I refer to them, \fall in a cup\).
5 Ways to Get Over Yourself in Under 5 Minutes. It's easy to think that it's other people who are driving you crazy, but in reality, it's your reaction to other people that causes the angst. Sometimes we don't even need other people.  We can work ourselves up into a lather over our own messes.
How To Stay Warm. There's a new November chill in the air, and it seems it's here to stay. While some of us thrive in the colder temps (can
The New Face of Infidelity. Research shows women may be cheating now almost as much as men. What are the the tolls of new temptations?
Hepatitis C Medicine Trial Shows 100% Cure Rate. Mark Schoenebaum, a biotech analyst with ISI Group, said in a research note that he expects Gilead shares to rise on Monday
Abraxane. Patients with advanced forms of pancreatic cancer, such as those tested in the Celgene trial, typically live 5.6 to 6.8 months
Super Soul Sunday. Oprah Winfrey sits down with spiritual teacher Eckhart Tolle to discuss, as they describe, 'being stuck in the mud.' Tolle
Funny and Smart Are Great, But How About Being Authentic for Once?. In contrast, when you're letting your authentic soul shine, you have the love and energy to offer emotional nourishment to those you come in contact with. Your authentic soul is a peacemaker. It seeks nirvana, lives in the moment, and believes that something far bigger than itself exists.
Diagnosing Breast Cancer. In the last decades we have made much progress toward identifying and characterizing the pathways that lead to cancer development, but we also know that we have only just skimmed the surface of potential targeted therapy.
Yoga. My hope is that the yoga community can continue to collaborate to bring the benefits of yoga to those who lack access and the funds to reap those benefits.
Food, Toxics and ADHD. A Harvard study recently published in the Archives of Pediatrics and Adolescent Medicine associates a mother's low level exposure to mercury while pregnant with greater risk of her child later developing ADHD-related behavior.
The Best Mobile Apps For Running. By Kissairis Munoz Gone are the days of just lacing up sneakers and running the road. With today\u2019s mobile apps, anyone can
When Mindfulness Meets Compassion. As an exploding body of clinical research confirms that mindfulness helps reduce stress and promote healing, learning and neuroplasticity, a parallel line of study on the practice of loving-kindness has begun to converge with exciting new research on positive emotions and the brain.
Therapeutic Conversations. \Mental health\ needs a new narrative -- a fresh, contemporary point of view about our daily lives and challenges.
Yoga and Addiction. Many people refer to a single point of awakening at which recovery and transformation begin. It may be a near-death experience, a rite of passage, or even a poignant word from a friend that makes us pause and re-evaluate.
What's the Magic Word?. No! It's a pretty scary word, right? It certainly is for me. It's like a well-placed \boo!\ bursting through the darkness from an unseen corner. In fact, I find \no\ so scary that that I often have difficulty saying it, and that's just where my problem begins.
Lung Cancer Awareness Month. Up to 90 percent of these cases are due to smoking, according to the CDC, clouding lung cancer with a stigma that \people
Tattoo Psychology. Tattoos are a conversation starter. Either there's a story attached or a \skin\-showing session or an emotional response derived from the sight of ink art.
Questions of Kindness. Wouldn't it be wonderful if instead of shocking us, kindness was just plain regular, something we all shared and spread around freely, and that we all took time to celebrate along the way?
I Lost Weight. Name
5 Secrets of Supermarket Shopping. Since childhood, the grocery store has been a fascinating place for me -- my own toy store with interesting and fun things to look at and tasty treasures to eat. Today, the temptations are still there for me, but it has gotten increasingly complicated to make the right choices.
Breaking Through the Clouds. Even when the sky is filled with dark gray clouds, we can be assured that above those clouds the sun is out. And like a airplane we must keep climbing and ascending until we break through the difficulty.
High Blood Pressure In Young Adults More Likely To Go Undiagnosed Than Older Adults. \We were surprised by the figure,\ Kathleen Mullan Harris, the researcher of that study and a professor of sociology at UNC
Tips for Talking to Arrogant Doctors. I know as well as anyone how many demands doctors face. We feel pressure to be on time, get a detailed medical history and not make mistakes. But how much time does it take to say hello and give a patient the sense that you are there to help? According to medical research, it does not take much time at all.
Just Because Some People Are Screaming 'The Sky Is Falling' Doesn't Mean Your Name Is Chicken Little. For every loss, we, as unlimited spiritual beings, have both the power and potential to invent a new wheel, create another source of fire, mine previously unexplored inner forms of gold.
Thoughts on Psychotherapy and Speculations About Its Star Trekian Future. Kagan's observations beg the question about the extended future of therapy.  Perhaps science fiction can provide an answer and offer a glimpse into what lies ahead.
Doctors and Nurses. Here are the two most common issues that have come up during conversations that only break the surface of what we as physicians can work on when it comes to enhancing the relationship between nurses and doctors.
Make Your Relationship Stronger With These Communication Tools. You're communicating well when your partner actually hears the message you mean for him or her to hear. This doesn't always happen, which can be a source of frustration for both of you.
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (Nov. 9-15). When you can have a sensual experience with nature and recognize that you and it are one, then you will begin to heighten your sensual and sexual pleasures with a partner. Don't let the natural world become foreign to you.
Stop Trying to Get Eight Hours of Sleep. Eight hours.  This number is spoken like gospel in this country when it comes to sleep.  \How much sleep do I need?\ Eight hours. \How can I feel like the people in Old Navy ads?\  Get eight hours. \Why did that Spanish nun ruin that fresco?\  She wasn't sleeping eight hours.
The Invisible Constituency. The persistent invisibility of caregivers and the lack of attention paid to their fiscal, emotional, and medical needs are not just political issues, they are women's issues.
Getting Meds to Sick Kids at the End of the Supply Chain. For community case management to be truly effective, countries and partners must invest in supply chains so that they can forecast, finance, procure, and deliver life-saving medicines to community health workers.
I'd Like to Thank the Academy.... Maya Rodale is the author of multiple historical romance novels, as well as the nonfiction book Dangerous Books for Girls
Meat Allergy. People who live in the southern and central areas of the United States may face a higher risk of meat allergy linked to lone
Time to Sweep Up the Confetti and Start Saving Lives. The Obama administration should use the next four years to pursue even more aggressive initiatives that make our food supply safer, our kids better protected from junk-food marketers, and our diets healthier
Scrappy People Find Meaning at Work. In our research on uncovering the sources of meaning at work, my colleague, Brianna Caza, and I have stumbled onto a group of individuals whose day-to-day activities do not fit neatly into our traditional idea of \working.\
Asthma Linked To Menstrual Cycle; Hormones Affect Respiratory Symptoms In Women, Study Says. A new study suggests that a woman's menstrual cycle can affect respiratory symptoms, potentially exacerbating conditions
SAV001-H. The Phase I study included adults ages 18 to 50 who have HIV; half were administered the vaccine, while the other half were
We Spend The Least Time Utilizing Our Strengths On Sundays, Report Finds. What do you think about this finding? What's the day of the week that you allow yourself to just sit and do nothing? The
The Dark Side of Yoga. The way people approach life is the way people show up on their yoga mat. And yoga teachers are no exception. Some yoga teachers may lead with a sense of aggression and competition while others will promote a feeling of safety and peace.
Why Yoga Works. With the ever-growing amount of scientific studies conducted in the field of yoga research, it's no surprise that we're starting to get answers to the question
The Election Is Over and We All Lost. Healing and growth are possible. We can reeducate our egos and heal our souls. We can come together with humility and cooperation. But first we need to be willing to see that these changes are necessary. And we need to bring this consciousness into the political arena, or we all lose.
Are You My My Mother?. It's my mother's birthday this week, and I have been spending a lot of time thinking fondly of her.  But I know that I am fortunate to have had a great relationship with my mom.  For many of us, let's just acknowledge that this relationship can be a bit more... complicated.
Embracing Fear. There are several ways we can become more comfortable with death, the dying and the dead. The first is to being open to talking about it. There needs to be an open dialogue and expression of the fears and concerns that we have about death or dying or the dead.
Why Meditate. Those who commit to a meditation routine are smart (and may be becoming smarter)
The Need for Connection in the Age of Anxiety. In this age of anxiety, there seems to be, after all, a deep yearning for genuine human connection and real-life interaction devoid of electronic distraction. The question is, will future generations have the capacity to attain it and sustain it?
Tips on Dealing With Election Disappointment. As we come to the end of the campaign trail, there are bound to be some happy people and some less-than-pleased individuals when it comes to election outcomes. What can you do if you are disappointed with the results?  Try these five tips to help you.
Kidney Dialysis. By Stephanie Sy A week since Sandy struck, Lenny Garofalo is once again getting dialysis treatment in the comfort of his
Can Vitamins And Supplements Help Multiple Sclerosis?. Vitamin B12 promotes red blood cell production and nervous system function. Some people with MS tend to have low levels of
Benjamin Nugent. Watch the full segment on HuffPost Live. The number of autism spectrum disorder (ASD) diagnoses has grown to an average of
Fix Your Form. Tell us how it goes in the comments below, and be sure to check back over the following weeks to fix your form on the shoulder
Using Sleep to Improve Your Game. It won't surprise me to see more sports teams adopting a sleep-better-to-perform better strategy similar to the one the Jets have put into play this season. But using sleep to improve performance isn't just the purview of athletes.
One Minute to a Stress-Less Brain. Over the course of this upcoming election many of us have been inundated with a barrage of data that adds on to the stress we're already feeling in everyday life. The problem is, this is a recipe for an ongoing stress cycle.
Veterans With Sleep Apnea. As more and more Iraq and Afghanistan veterans are realizing their post-war health problems, and because many Vietnam veterans are getting older, the number of veterans applying for OSA-related disability benefits will only continue to rise in the coming years.
Smell Feelings. Researchers at Utrecht University in the Netherlands found that it's possible for people to \smell\ emotions like fear or
Is Willpower Energy or Motivation?. Anyone who has tried to break a bad habit has experienced the trouble with willpower.  You want to stick to your diet, but you find yourself standing at a buffet filled with tempting desserts. Psychologists have been quite interested in understanding why willpower works so poorly.
Weight Loss Is a Family Affair. Whether or not children and teens are overweight, the whole family can benefit from following some basic guidelines.  Small changes can quickly add up to make a big difference. Start slowly -- too many changes all at once create a recipe for failure.
Tricks Up the Sleeve. Filled with gratitude, God's humor was not lost on me. My specific request had more than been filled.
Want to Lose Fat? Count Your Hormones, Not Your Calories (Part 3). Here is the scenario for you.  When you start off on a hormonal approach to fat loss, you realize that eating becomes a matter of eating more of the right things rather than less of anything. And because everyone is different, the right things can vary from person to person.
Will I Sleep Better Now That the Election Is Over?. Every day in my sleep medicine practice I see people who don't even recognize that they are stressed out. Our minds are like a jet ready to take off, and the body is screaming to keep us grounded, sometimes making us hurt to get our attention.
Top 5 Foods To Fight Inflammation. Below are some top choices for anti-inflammatory foods. Inflammation is the body's natural response to infection and injury
Release False Beliefs to Hear Your True Hunger. By connecting your financial actions to what gives you the deepest sense of both meaning and pleasure, you will find greater fulfillment in your relationship to money.
Death by Medicine. 2. Enforce the current laws regarding inspections. If a company fails an inspection, it should be shut down until it passes
MRSA Found In Wastewater Treatment Plants. Researchers said that it was good to find that treated water from wastewater treatment plants were largely rid of MRSA, but
Before Scientific Discovery, There Was Truth. The ancient sages of India developed a tradition of personal health and growth that stood the test of time through many centuries of practice and implementation.
Is Eating Alone Becoming the Norm?. It's a familiar picture
Healthy Herbs. There are a number of delicious foods you can eat for the sake of your health -- but still, all too often, we hear complaints
Pumpkins Improve Prostate Health. Pumpkins play an important role during fall's festivities, especially in Thanksgiving menus. While enjoying pumpkin dishes, you may very well be protecting yourself against cancer and heart disease.
We Live in a New World. Today I wake and I am not a therapist or teacher, but a student. I am a humble student in awe of the new world in which we live.
Exercise Helps You Live Longer, Regardless Of Weight. The World Health Organization recommends two-and-a-half to five hours of brisk walking per week, or less time spent at a
Surprising Sleep Habits Of Past Presidents. In fact, work stress keeps 46 percent of Americans up at night, according to a 2012 study, and stress in general causes 65
Can You Resist a Smile?. Have you noticed that when you smile at someone, especially if you catch them off-guard, that they smile back? OK, not everyone smiles back! Or do they?
Tiny, Artificial Lung On Microchip Used To Test Drugs. \These findings suggest that TRPV4 blockers could be used to limit pulmonary edema in patients with heart or lung disease
James Coffey, Massachusetts Board Of Pharmacy Director, Fired After Meningitis Outbreak. Massachusetts officials said they uncovered a complaint against NECC that was forwarded on July 26 to James Coffey, director
Mental Health and Hurricane Sandy. Perhaps the greatest lesson we have learned from natural and human-made disasters is how resilient most people can be. But one should not go it alone in the face of disaster, whether an individual, community, city or nation.
4 of Play's Lesser-Known Benefits. You probably already know that playing makes you smarter, more creative and happier. But if that research hasn't convinced you, consider the following.
Are Antibiotics Making Us Fat?. Cleanliness may be next to godliness, but it might also do us in.  A growing body of data suggests that a wide range of ills, from allergies and asthma to metabolic disease and superbugs, may be the consequence of our war on germs.
Sleepless With Spot? How Your Pet Affects Your Sleep. Getting good sleep is vital to health and disease management. Your pet might not be happy to be kicked out of the bedroom,  but he'll end up with a healthier, more productive, and happier owner in the long run.
Peanut Allergy Treatment. \u201cOur data identified for the first time that Pim1 kinase contributes in important ways to the development of peanut-induced
Returning to Where I've Never Been. t's very human to have an understanding, to have a dream, to grasp for a moment a larger sense of things, and also very human to then get lost in the details, entangled in the problems along the way.
I Lost Weight. When I do reach my goal weight, I know that I'll think of other health and fitness goals to achieve. I'll never stop striving
5 Tips for a Successful Colonic Treatment. If you're going to try colonic treatments, take precautions against the various risks associated with colonics and do everything to make sure you get the most out of the experience.
Post-Election Self-Care. After the pre-recorded phone messages have come to a stop and we've had a chance to feel and voice our opinion about the results, it's time to take a deep breath and bring some self-care back into our daily life.
Under Any Circumstances. As things begin to normalize in the Northeast and we begin to reassemble our lives, here's the realization that I came to
Looking for More Success? Build a Sleep System. For those that are living always \on\ in an always-connected, overwired world, there simply is never enough time.  Especially for sleep.  All too often, when there is time for sleep, we can't.  Our minds are too busy to turn off.
Ways To Lower Blood Pressure. Do you have high blood pressure? If you're otherwise healthy and in a low-risk group, you may be going undiagnosed. That's
Splitting of the Mind. Even though we might not be able to use positive visualization to help us achieve our goals, it can help us stay clearheaded -- which might be a better mindset for pursuing goals.
Money May Not Buy Happiness, But Time Does. Think about what you could do with an extra hour or two each day. Would you be less stressed? Finally get around to that passion project? Maybe start a garden or have more nights out with the girls? Perhaps extra time is what you need to finally get to the gym?
Finding Gratitude. Yes. We all have the right to a rough day. An occasional pity party is A-OK in the world of being human. But losing sight of all that we have, forgetting how incredibly blessed and lucky we are, that's not okay with me.
Have You Lost Your Peace of Mind? 5 Ways to Keep It. While it's inevitable that we are impacted by the actions and unhappy moods of others, there is no need to let them \trigger\ our own downward spiral.
The Top 10 Songs for November. This month's top 10 list could double as a preview of the most-anticipated albums coming out this winter. Bruno Mars, Kelly Clarkson, One Direction and Ke$ha each have new releases in the works (and new singles below).
Inspirational Books. Adding insult to injury, a windy Nor'easter is expected to hit the same parts of the country on Wednesday. Many Americans
A Wing and a Prayer. During the storm and in the wake of devastation, safe and secure in my apartment, which blessedly retained its electricity, the WWII anthem \Coming in on a Wing and a Prayer\ (Harold Adamson and Jimmie McHugh) entered my consciousness, a reminder of those war-torn days.
Simple Programming Change To Defibrillators Saves Lives, Study Shows. Moss said that not only should ICDs be programmed to kick in at 200 beats per minute going forward, but that reprogramming
Psychological Effects Of Sandy Likely To Grow, Experts Say. By Lynnley Browning Such challenges are \the grinding, daily wear and stress of a natural disaster,\ said George Bonanno
Field Trial Results Guide DSM Recommendations. Two years ago, the American Psychiatric Association announced the start of field trials of proposed diagnostic criteria for the future DSM-5. And now, as the first comprehensive analyses of that effort are published, what's clear is just how well the field trials did their job.
A Puff, Poof or Dab of Danger. I've been following three talc lawsuits, and felt it important enough to share what's going on.  For those who aren't label detectives, like myself, talc can be found in many personal care and beauty products, from baby powder to blush to anti-blemish products.
A New Breed of Humans?. With all these changes in modern medicine, technology and our bodies' ability to adapt and change along with it, are we in essence creating a new breed of humans?
The Great Cholesterol Myth. The \Great Cholesterol Myth\ has been the foundation of the boneheaded dietary advice you and I have been saddled with for the past 30 years, \official\ dietary advice that has directly contributed to the greatest epidemic of obesity, diabetes and heart disease in history.
Navigating Change. Change is in the air. Not only is the change of seasons palpable in many places, but in the case of many people I know, life changes are brewing, often showing up in dramatic ways or in the form of an unexpected curveball.
Sticker Love. There's nothing like receiving love to inspire us to give it. Often, that's the role of the older generation. The ancestors' job has always been to save what is most valuable for future generations and pass it on.
Can 'Negative-Calorie' Foods Help You Lose Weight?. It's true that a few foods, such as grapefruit and celery, contain fewer calories than it takes to digest them. So, when you eat these foods, you actually burn more calories than you take in. Thus, the term \negative-calorie foods.\
Seeking Genetically Modified... Perspective. If I lived in California, I would vote for Proposition 37; it makes sense to be informed.  But wholesale opposition to genetic modification makes far less sense.
Newer Doctors Might Be Driving Up Health Care Costs. On a population scale, doctors with fewer than 10 years of experience had mean per-patient costs of about $14,906, whereas
Think Outside the Box. The beauty of integrative medicine is it is a paradigm of health optimization. It is a paradigm that can ultimately improve the quality of the life experience. If there are people out there who object to this, then I must ask what they have to lose by embracing change.
What's Your Passion? Isn't It Time to Reinvent Your Life and Do Something You Love?. Sometimes we forget what we love as we go through the motions of life. We talk about reinvention, but sometimes it's hard to figure out where to start.
Dear Mr. President-To-Be. Good luck and good health, The HuffPost Healthy Living Team If you're going to drink, do so in moderation. Governor Romney
99 Problems. Having the honor of speaking all over the world about health gives me an awesome opportunity to see what sticks with my audience and what doesn't. If there's one tip that seems to have the greatest stickiness and impact, it's \avoid the three B's.\
Living With the Medical Elephant in the Room. I write this not only in honor of World Stroke Day, but for the millions on people who are forced to live World Stroke Day every day, and for those who will one day be forced to adjust their lives to a new normal.
Heart-Related Deaths Occur More Often In The Winter, Study Suggests. No matter the state, Schwartz and his colleagues found that the heart-related deaths rose between 26 and 36 percent, on average
Coca-Cola's Convenient Calorie Calculator. What's more, it's important to note that not all calories are created equal. While the U.S. government recommends that the
Reactions To Stress Could Affect Health 10 Years Later, Study Finds. \I like to think of people as being one of two types,\ Almeida said. \With Velcro people, when a stressor happens it sticks
How Election Night Affects Your Sleep. Tuesday night, many of us will be glued to our TVs or Twitter feeds, tuning in for up-to-the-minute coverage of the 2012
Legacy and Issues of Aging. I don't wish to be younger (maybe because I'm blessed with good health and plenty of energy), but I can't deny that I'm slower. We don't spend enough time sharing with each other about our blessings or, more to the point, about our fears about aging.
Mindfulness and Animism. To create and sustain soul healing we must bring some sort of awareness into everything that we do. When we decide that we want to heal, we must become active participants in that process.
Gratitude Without Attitude. Show gratitude to the people in your life that helped you make it through hard times. Show gratitude when you use something you learned. Show gratitude where you live. This attitude of gratitude can help us help each other, but more importantly, it will help you help yourself.
Music For A Sound Sleep. Playing a centuries-old instrument could provide a breath of fresh air for people struggling with sleep problems. Read more
Finding Maria. Maria fulfilled a profound purpose in those last few months of her life; she taught me the soul cannot be diminished by any illness or injury that damages the physical body.
Voting And Health. Tuesday is Election Day, which means it's finally time to head to the polls to cast your vote in the presidential election
Our Changing Relationship With Our Health. For many patients, their naturopathic doctor helps to bridge their medical care and their everyday life. When we take time to understand them, answer questions, and show how things are related, patients feel they are a partner in their health care, not merely a subject.
Holiday Stress vs. Holiday Blues. There are many reasons why we suffer from holiday stress, but one of the reasons is we unknowingly put undue pressure on ourselves with unrealistic expectations that generally revolve around family, friends, time management and spending.
Do What You Can and the Passion May Follow. If you open your mind and your heart to the possibility of falling in love with whatever you're doing, and if you aspire to rise above the complexities of your job by seeking excellence with what you do, you will develop a consciousness that embraces and celebrates life.
Only Us. When one side wins the election on November 6, the other side will lose. That's just the way it is, and I have no problem with that. But it is our reaction to each other at the point of winning or losing that spells out our future more so than any policies of the winning side.
The Roar of Silence. It's astounding how uncomfortable we are with silence. We have lost our capacity to be still with ourselves. We are in desperate need of entertainment. Why is that? Is it just a new habit, a fabulous gift of our technology? Or is it something deeper?
What If Deep Listening Could Stop Climate Change -- Would You Sit Down and Do It?. When I do it right I experience listening as prayer. Listening brings me into the moment, into the stillness, for if I am really listening, I am not thinking.
I Lost Weight. Got a success story of your own? Send it to us at success.stories@huffingtonpost.com and you could be featured on the site
5 Ways to Feel More Abundant Today. It is interesting how a time of apparent scarcity brings about awareness. We may feel the strain of the power outages and the lack of convenience in our lives, but in being disconnected from our daily routines, we are actually more connected than ever before.
Surefire Stress Relief, Part 1. If you find yourself feeling angry, mildly depressed, anxious or otherwise stressed, try this easy, free and quick technique for yourself to refuel your system.
Soda Drinking Every Day Could Raise Women's Stroke Risk. In that study, which included 43,000 people who were part of the Health Professionals Follow-Up Study, coronary heart disease
PCSK9 Inhibitors. In a 12-week trial of about 130 patients already on high doses statins, the Pfizer drug cut LDL cholesterol by 56 percent
Double Mastectomy. \As soon as I found out I had the breast cancer gene, I thought
Hurricane Sandy. Nurses, doctors and other members of the health care team rallied together to provide quality patient care during a time when things surrounding us were unraveling and destruction was evident.
WATCH. Please don't vote from fear -- fear clouds the mind. Stand up and be counted, be passionate about what matters to you, but clear those fears out and let the intelligent and rational person inside you cast your ballot.
Melatonin. While these early studies on melatonin are truly exciting and indicate a potential wide array of health benefits, I am excited to see further studies that will help to clarify these possibilities.
6 Ways To Make Time For Your Health. By Keri Gans for U.S. News Health More from U.S. News Health
The Marriage of Sense and Soul. Non-duality teaches us that there are no borders, boundaries, or true separation in nature, and that all of creation is One, arising from the same non-dual source.
Charge Up and Vote. Election Day is tomorrow, and you can use your playlists to supercharge as you get out and vote. Find tunes that will charge you up with the right energy and send you the motivational message you need to be hearing, as well as reward you for doing something good and important.
Obese Dogs May Also Be At Risk For Metabolic Syndrome, Study Suggests. The researchers also found that if the dogs lost weight, these metabolic issues improved. Recently, Reuters reported that
Daily Multivitamin Doesn't Improve Men's Heart Risks, Study Suggests. The findings \do not support multivitamin use to prevent CVD [cardiovascular disease], demonstrating the importance of long
Beware of Things on Which We All Agree. In our daily lives we are confronted by what might be termed \the conventional wisdom,\ things we are taught from an early age and have heard repeated so often that we assume they must be true.
Should You Drink Water After A Massage?. Many practitioners believe that deep tissue massage releases toxins from the muscles and into the blood stream. They assert
Natural Insomnia Treatment. Before the first session, you'll typically be asked to track your sleep times (using a sleep diary) and sleep hygiene. Your
End of the Year. For a moment, let yourself wonder -- and let your mind wander -- about what you've been a part of this year. All of these things, and more, are things that could offer you an opportunity to improve your performance.
Coping With Loss After Sandy. While many people are moving on with life as usual post-Sandy, others are still dealing with her wrath.  Loss following the hurricane can come in different forms
Are Your Beliefs an Asset or Your Downfall?. If you want to know why you are happy or not, take a good look at your most fundamental beliefs about yourself. There are five keys to moving out of negative thought patterns and into the territory of greater happiness and success.
Women Who Get Recommended Amount Of Exercise Still Sit Too Much, Study Finds. Even if you think you're the picture of physical activity, you're still probably sitting too much, according to a small new
Forgive. Fundamentally, forgiveness frees you from the tangles of anger and retribution, and from preoccupations with the past or with the running case in your mind about the person with whom you're angry.
How Power Outages Wreak Havoc On Your Sleep. \You're basically a hostage of the daylight schedule which, of course, is not great in November in New York,\ says Joe Ojile
The Sandy 15. \There are a lot of factors involved in this,\ says Geneen Roth, an expert on the psychology of eating and author of Women
Poor Sleep Linked to Hard-to-Treat Hypertension. Here's some sobering and serious news for women
Why Music, Part 4. Whether we using music as a source of joy and inspiration, a medicine for healing deep wounds, a therapy for physical rehabilitation, or a lifeline for surviving trauma and loss, music is undeniably one of mankind's greatest healing modalities.
5 Spiritual Lessons From Hurricane Sandy. Any act of God, natural disaster, or unanticipated large-scale event that derails our plans reminds us that the universe is so much bigger than we make it out to be as we busily scurry about our daily lives. Hurricane Sandy delivered this message in a booming voice.
Daylight Saving Time Ends. As such, it can take up to a week to feel back to normal after the beginning of Daylight Saving Time in March, and experts
Kellogg's New Pitch. For all the ads showing mother nature at her most glorious, Kellogg's Corn Flakes are anything but natural and anything but good for us.
How Yoga Helps Multiple Sclerosis. Janet Walker, 60, of San Luis Obispo, started doing yoga on the recommendation of her neurologist about a year after she
After Sandy. Mother nature has left many of us feeling as powerless and damaged as our external world. ut as we mop up the mess, we ought to survey our internal landscape with as much concern.  Just like the dangling crane in midtown Manhattan, your emotional well-being hinges on it.
Super Soul Sunday. Thought leader Deepak Chopra talks with Oprah about the tremendous chaos in our world
Self-Sufficient Yogi?. As I rested, I thought about what Andrew had said -- how we must take the time to practice self-care -- and how I must allow the effort of being a stubborn, self-sufficient yogi to dissolve into openness and surrender. This work -- on the mat, resting, in a roomful of people -- can ignite profound change.
Electronic Nose Could Aid In Sleep Apnea Diagnosis, Study Finds. Do you have sleep apnea? An \electronic nose\ could have the answer, according to a small new study. Sleep apnea is a condition
Heart Solutions. If we want to build a nation that can outlast the massive changes that our environment will continue to demand from us, the only path that can hold us securely is a compassionate one.
Is Your Memory Your Enemy?. \Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.\  This well-worn expression seems, at first, to make sense.  I mean how can you grow and develop as a person if you don't learn from your mistakes?
What You're Good at May Not Be Good for You. True fulfillment is only possible when we come from a place a love.  And the problem is most of us are coming from a place of fear, not love. And the even bigger problem is that we are able to create a lot of success and goal line results from that place of fear -- in fact, it is often our strongest motivator.
I Lost Weight. How I Gained It
Why High-Fat Breakfast Sandwiches May Not Be Best For Your Heart. If your a.m. meal of choice is a high-fat breakfast sandwich, you may want to rethink your breakfast preference for the sake
Old Skeletons Hold DNA Clues To Tuberculosis. DNA sequencing showed that her strain matched one that circulated in the U.S. a century ago. That match was based on tissue
Carbon Monoxide Deaths. \The risk for carbon monoxide poisoning due to indoor use of propane stoves or generators is a major concern of public health
Tias Little. For many people, yoga is about stretching and strengthening the body, exploring challenging postures, or managing the stress of daily life. Or it may be \just\ about the great sense of well-being one feels after a yoga practice.
Why We Must Postpone the 2012 ING NYC Marathon. I believe the alternative is to simply hold the marathon one week later, on Nov. 11, 2012. A Twitter hashtag campaign, #NYCM1111, has already been started to hopefully garner the attention of Mayor Michael Bloomberg and the marathon's organizing body, New York Road Runners.
New York Marathon Canceled In Wake Of Hurricane Sandy. At the end of the day, it's about relinquishing control and taking responsibility for yourself -- a message for marathoners
Do You Say Yes When You Mean No?. With election time almost here, we see candidates speaking their minds. Are you able to assert yourself when necessary? Or are you surprised when \yes\ comes out of your mouth when you meant to say \no\?
4 Simple Ways to Reduce Stress. Right when you feel a stress response, bring your awareness to your breathing. You can meditate everywhere and anywhere; meditation is not just for sitting down on a cushion.
November Superfoods. Healthy eating in November (and December) can be a true test of willpower. First, there's leftover (and half-priced) Halloween
Knowledge of Behavioral Symptoms of Alzheimer's Disease Helps Post-Disaster, Anytime. For the massive number of victims of Hurricane Sandy, life has changed. If you think of how difficult it is for healthy people to endure nature's wrath, just imagine how individuals with Alzheimer's disease or a related dementia might be feeling.
'Biggest Loser' Viewers Turned Off To Exercise?. The study, of course, was not without its flaws. Exercise and performance have more major differences than just depiction
Working From Home. We know we're lucky if working from home is our biggest inconvenience post-Sandy. There are ways you can provide aid and
Sleepy Teen Athletes May Have Higher Injury Risk. Tired teens may be putting themselves at risk for injury when they play sports, a new study suggests. The study included
Sweating the Small Stuff? Overcoming Is Simpler Than You Think. When you allow the self-regulating function of the mind to do its job, you uncover enduring and impactful answers -- and, at the same time, demonstrate to others the might of looking within.
7 Ways to Release Negative Emotions. Whether there is any negativity in your life right now or not, it is wise to know what would be the best way to release the toxic emotions from your life when they arise, because in the end we are all human and we will all experience negative emotions at one point or another.
20 Of The Best Fitness Experts Worth Following On Twitter. When it comes to incorporating fitness in our lives, we could all use a little help staying motivated. That could take the
Climbing Mountains and Connecting Within. Climbing a mountain physically is not that much different than climbing emotional mountains or overcoming obstacles in our life that come in all shapes and sizes. If we are listening to someone else's music, how can we hear the beat of our own heart, our own drum, our own feet carrying us forward?
Acid Reflux Food. Occasional heartburn is one thing, but those who suffer from chronic conditions like acid reflux syndrome can feel the burning
Fat, Fit and Foxy!. Start treating yourself and your body temple with respect and love, no matter how huge you feel. Go for the gold, the job, the guy. Be bold, be courageous! Let weight loss be a natural and effortless consequence of feeling good, having fun, and being excited about life.
Strength Training. Many of the clients I see in my practice have been referred by chiropractors, doctors, or physical therapists because they suffer from some type of biomechanical disorder. Clients can unknowingly cause certain disorders because they are not working what we call \opposing muscle groups.\
Exercise Could Improve Your Brain Functioning, Study Suggests. \At least 150 minutes of moderate-to-vigorous physical activity per week can make a huge difference to manage risk factors
Spare Change? The Elective Interdepence of City Life. As he hands me a paper, I hand him a dollar in exchange, and the makeshift barrier that exists between two different social classes of people is broken down by both of our authenticity in this experience.
Devotion. Whatever you are devoted to, once you dismantle the concrete structure of who you are, suddenly the quality of what you are devoted to will just reflect upon you, and that quality will become you.
Horror Films Burn Calories? Watching 'The Shining' Or 'The Exorcist' Could Melt Away Up To 200 Calories. \It is this release of fast acting adrenaline, produced during short bursts of intense stress (or in this case, brought on
Big Sugar's Sweet Little Lies. A growing body of research suggests that sugar and its nearly chemically identical cousin, HFCS, may very well cause diseases
6 Steps to a More Efficient Run. With the New York City Marathon just around the corner (we hope), many athletes, workout enthusiasts and fitness newbies are looking to the streets or the treadmill for a spot of cardio. There's no doubt that when done properly, running can be great for heart, body and mind.
Recognizing Mental Health as Public Health. While 21st century approaches to public health have increasingly focused on healthy living with diet, exercise, smoking cessation, and access to preventive health care, there is a growing evidence base to incorporate mental health into our nation's public health agenda.
New Study Strongly Supports 'Sex Addiction' Diagnosis. We now have criteria that can be used to accurately identify and treat those with hypersexual disorder -- provided the APA is willing to adopt the definition.
Can Genetically Engineered Foods Harm You?. Numbers and intentions aside, there is the issue of what information the labels would relay. Currently, mandatory labels
The Awakening of Sandy. In truth, we cannot control the weather. This is fate. However, we can control whether and how we respond to these moments. This is destiny.
Why I Want to Invent a Time Machine for Empathy. I had an experience with a friend recently that revealed just how much of our backstory we bring into our interactions, and how little we know about the backstory of others.
Louise Wedderburn, The 'Human Mannequin,' Raises Awareness For Her Extremely Rare Genetic Condition (VIDEO). \It doesn\u2019t actually scare me because I don\u2019t think about it,\ she told the Daily Mail. \If it happens, it happens, and if
Universal Law #4. At the quantum level of our existence, there is nothing but energy and information.   We refer to this as pure consciousness or potential.
GPS Guides, November. Rabbit, rabbit
New England Compounding Center. The latest tally from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention lists 386 cases of fungal meningitis and 28 deaths linked
Nail-Biting May Be Classified As OCD In New DSM. It might be officially considered a type of obsessive compulsive disorder in the upcoming version of the Diagnostic and Statistical
Attention Is the Grounds of Love. What if we paid deeper attention to those we live with? To the earth that is our home? To our own heart? Not only would we cease to cause harm, our attention would offer the medicine that could bring healing to our world.
Embracing Permaculture Gardening on a Personal and National Level. We can have reforestation, and we can feed ourselves at the same time. Edible reforestation.
How to Prepare Someone With Alzheimer's for the Holidays. The holiday season is steadfastly approaching, with stores already full of lights and decorations. Preparing for family gatherings is hectic for all, but this time of year can be especially stressful for those with Alzheimer's or dementia.
If It Goes So Fast Then For G-d's Sake, Let Me Enjoy It Now!. Even when we have what we want, we still can't land in this moment.  We cling to the illusion that there are indeed a set of circumstances that, once we achieve them, will finally, miraculously make this moment inhabitable.
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (Nov. 2-8). Even momentarily concentrating on healthy solutions rewires psychological patterns to receive and share healthy sexual love in the present.  Here are three meditations with the themes of sex drive, movement, and appreciation for you to ponder and practice this week.
Obamacare Starts Cracking the Whip. Now that Obamacare is real and functioning, we appear to be seeing a real-life example of the correlation-without-causation problem. How do the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services establish that the reason a patient was admitted was because of a hospital's negligence?
GPS -- Please Guide Me to NYC!. It is an incredible thing to feel that unconditional love and support from people all around the world.  It reminds us of our common bond -- our basic humanity.
The Trick to Managing the Treats. Halloween candy showed up in August (as though we needed to get a jump on our holiday shopping!) and will still be on sale in November. So what is the trick to eating what you love when it is everywhere?
I Lost Weight. How I Gained It
Are You Too Nice?. Of course, knowing when to say yes is also important. In a 2012 survey of employers by the job placement firm OI Partners
My Breast Cancer Story. The year 2011 was, in short, the worst year of my life... a year that changed just about every part of my life. But here it is, Breast Cancer Awareness Month 2012, and I feel mostly good.
The Recipe for Better Health Doesn't Always Begin in the Kitchen. Don't get me wrong, helping others can bring us great joy, but we have to watch that we don't overdo and risk being of no help to anyone. By scheduling time for ourselves, we are able to be both helpful and healthy.
Motivational Videos. In the video above, Eckhart Tolle dives into the concept of the future and the past -- how neither exists, and there is only
Mitigating Unwarranted Anger and Mediating Your Own Thoughts. Not a single one of us can go through life angry at others for not handling situations the way we would have handled them. I can't possibly cope with debating each and every person I disagree with -- no one can.
The Soul of a Citizen. Before you decide your vote doesn't matter in this election, I ask you consider this question
The Commitment Conundrum. Commitment is not about finding the perfect circumstance; it's about dictating a certain choice. It's not about making the right decision; it's about making a decision and then making it right.
Starting Over After Devastating Injuries. One minute, Dr. Russell Moon, 58, was a super-fit cyclist with a thriving dental practice in Santa Monica, Calif. The next, he was paralyzed from the shoulders down. A driver making a left turn didn't see him, and knocked Dr. Moon off his mountain bike.
Glu Accelerates Diabetes Sharing, Online and Off. For me, Glu advances the power of, and what's possible from, social media. Now we have the opportunity to directly give, in large numbers, in warp speed, what those who are doing the research, creating better treatments and designing new tools, need to improve our lives.
From Womb to Tomb and Beyond. Dreams are sacred texts from the soul. Our own original wisdom speaks in infinite forms, always encouraging us to return to who we are at the level of heart and soul, reconnecting with what heals and restores vitality, joy, and connection to all creation.
Creating a Health-Promoting Work Environment. More and more companies are enrolling their workforce in health and wellness programs to cut staggering health care costs, reduce absenteeism and foster productivity as well as morale and loyalty, according to several studies on recent changes in employer-based health care policies.
Abstinence May Make the Bones Grow Stronger (or Can't a Girl Get a Drink Anymore?) Part 2. That amazing hormone estrogen is believed to be what's happening here. Alcohol raises levels of estrogen in postmenopausal women, and for the bones and the heart, that's a good thing. For breasts, not so much.
Enlisting Technology to Fight Obesity. There is no single silver bullet in fighting obesity. Government legislation, corporate responsibility, education and personal responsibility, combined with web and mobile services, can all help people eat healthy and fight obesity.
Ameridose Drug Recall. It added that drug \shortages are prevalent,\ especially of generic sterile injectables including cancer drugs and anesthetics
Yoga Behind Bars. This week's episode of \Urban Yogis\ gives us a rare look at the inside of a youth detention facility, where one dedicated yoga instructor is busy changing the lives of teenagers within its walls.
Psychologist Jennifer Taitz's Timely Antidote to Emotional Eating. No dieter plans on eating emotionally from Halloween to New Year's Eve, and yet, that's what the overwhelmed majority end up doing year after year after year.  If anyone is equipped to reverse this unhealthy trend, it's Jennifer Taitz.
Looting After a Hurricane. There are always a plethora of excuses and rationales for the looting after a natural disaster.  If it's for bread, I get that.  If it's for a flat screen TV or designer jeans or the latest sneakers, I don't.
Can't Stop Craving Carbs?. Let's continue our exploration of cravings. In my last post, we discussed how stress causes us to crave carbs. I also mentioned that sometimes, simply being hungry will do the same since carbs readily convert to glucose.
Depression Disproportionately Affects Those In Poverty, Report Finds. And healthy lifestyle-wise, 83.7 percent of people in poverty said it's easy to afford fresh produce, compared with 91.7
How To Handle Halloween Candy Cravings. Halloween cravings may be uniquely influenced by seasonal changes. Studies show that as days get shorter, and we are exposed
Cleveland Clinic Medical Innovations Of 2013 Include Headache-Relieving Implant, Skin Cancer-Detecting Scanner. Novel drugs to treat advanced prostate cancer were on the clinic's list because of their ability to halt the progress of
Tap Into Radical Trust. Cynthia James' journey from an empty shell profoundly disassociated from her truth to being a beacon of strength and fulfillment has the power to ignite all of us on our journey toward awakening.
Pick Peace Instead. We all ultimately root for peace. The trouble is, we are taught to believe that battles need to be fought and won to arrive there. But what if our steps toward peace were instead steps of studying and dismantling those battles?
West Nile Outbreak Cases Still Growing, But At Slower Pace. According to the latest tally from the Texas Department of State Health Services, 1,718 people in the state have contracted
Hurricane Sandy. There are other ways you can provide aid and relief to the victims of Sandy. How else are you helping out? Let us know in
The Slap. Mother Nature has done it again.  She slapped us upside the head to knock some sense into us.  There is devastation for many. Nothing makes sense for them yet, but for most of us, we've been slapped into awareness.
Do You Share the Compulsion to Take Notes?. For notes related to books I'm writing, I've wondered whether I should organize my notes better, but I do find that the action or scrolling through them and seeing odd juxtapositions of ideas helps to stimulate my own ideas and creativity.
Gross Ingredients Lurking In Your Halloween Candy. Many of the classics are loaded with sugar, not to mention coloring and other food additives. A number of them have more
Click! This Is Your One-Frame-at-a-Time Moment. There is no feeling we can ever have that will bring greater satisfaction than that of wholeness, because it is simply the effect of completely and unconditionally loving ourselves and our life, just the way we are, and the way it is, with no \yeah buts\ attached.
Hurricane Sandy. This is a core element of feeling well. Here we are presented with that very opportunity not only for the healing of others
Storm Relief. \Gyms should be places where health is nurtured not just in sets and reps, but in dispersement of health to the community
Getting My Sexy Back After Breast Cancer. The Keep A Breast Foundation made plaster molds of women's busts and auctioned them off to raise funds for breast cancer awareness. I thought this was a fantastic idea. I emailed them immediately, and days before my reconstructive surgery, I had a plaster mold made of my torso.
Do They Have Facebook in Heaven?. I knew my father could not sit at his computer to check my status updates and comments on his profile, but the mystery surrounding cyberspace and heaven seemed to fall on a similar plane. If an email can ostensibly travel through space, why couldn't my messages and posts reach my dad in heaven?
Health Care Waste. Mobile technology, telehealth, automation and data analytics -- what do they all have in common?  Each helps solve specific problems associated with the increasing cost and inefficiency of health care.  Additionally, they each tie back (some more indirectly) to improved patient care.
Social Rejection Could Affect Body's Immune System, Study Suggests. \These findings demonstrate that social rejection upregulates inflammatory gene expression in youth at risk for depression
Stormy Weather? Top 5 Foods to Stock Up On. As a New Yorker living in a crowded neighborhood, I could not help but notice the long lines in the supermarkets the other day. Of course, as a nutritionist, I could not help but notice the food choices my neighbors were stocking up on.
Prop 37 and GMO Foods. There are reasonable arguments to be made for GMO foods, just as there are reasonable arguments to be made against them. But there's no reasonable argument to be made against letting people know what it is they're eating, so that they can make an informed decision about what to buy and what not to buy.
Mold After Flooding Could Pose Health Risk, Cause Respiratory Symptoms. The New York State Department of Health also reported that people who are immunocompromised -- like those undergoing chemotherapy
How To Sleep Easy When The Lights Go Out. Another consideration during a loss of power is for patients with chronic breathing problems. People who require continuous
Drinking Water. The CDC notes that if the water comes out of the tap cloudy, then you should add 16 drops (or one-quarter of a teaspoon) of
Five Things To Avoid To Prevent Breast Cancer. For example, yes, there is a genetic component to breast cancer, but data suggests that 90 to 95 percent of cases are not
Evacuation Safety. Hundreds of thousands of people have been evacuated as a result of the superstorm Sandy, according to news reports. If you've
Trick or Treat for Animals. We are the only species of animal that has developed a diet that is essentially toxic for us. We are now giving this \nutrition\ to our pets, livestock, and zoo animals, not realizing that we are dooming them to follow us on our path to poor health.
Making Eyebrows in the Water. This Inuit ritual is another indigenous instruction for the great care and attention needed to see through to the essential realm of spirit that underlies everything. Though even when sighting what matters briefly, there is no guarantee that the deeper reality will surface in the same place twice.
We Tried It. I thought my ballet dancing days were long over, but this class shows that even someone as out of practice as me can pick it up again... and feel strong and elegant while doing it!
Tracks of My Tears. For many years, on those rare occasions when I cried, I'd get a headache.  But when the grief is so intense, the tears wash over and seem to take out all the toxins and pain; at least, that's my non-scientific analysis.
I Lost Weight. Check out more of our inspiring weight loss stories below
Elbow Test Could Help Diagnose Sleep Apnea. This could be a reliable sign that you have sleep apnea, according to researchers from the University of Saskatchewan. \This
Kettlebells. \If you're holding a dumbbell your center of gravity is fixed in the middle of the palm,\ he explained. \But with a kettlebell
How I Beat My Cookie Addiction. Every year I used to lose the same 10 or 15 pounds every summer, only to gain them back by Thanksgiving. One year I wondered if it was the cookies. My husband said, \Duh.\ On a whim I made him a bet
Beyond Pink. You should think before you pink, as you might before giving to any solicitor of charitable funds. But let's not argue about the color and the ribbon which was, 20 years ago, an emblem of openness about a disease that women were afraid to mention out loud.
Lessons Learned Training for First Marathon. The 26.2 miles I will run on November 4 may be for my father and other stroke survivors, but this race has become about so much more.  Since deciding to run the marathon, I have traveled over 900 miles by foot, and spent nearly 140 hours training.
Hurricane Food. How to make it through the storm without eating yourself into a preservative-laden stupor.
Power Outage Food Safety. Not sure what to chuck? Check here.
11 Little-Known Facts About Left-Handers. But no matter what it is that drives someone to use their antipodal paw, science has also uncovered a particular set of personality
Green Tea May Lower Risk Of Some Cancers In Women, Study Suggests. The research, first reported by Reuters and published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition, shows an association
Internal Revolutions Create External Resolutions. Let's get our priorities straight, see the election game show for what it is, smile, and get back to working on ourselves.
Moving On. Yet, while part of me will feel the loss when I head down our tree-lined driveway for the last time, another part of me will come fully alive.  Our new home will have joys of its own.
Unfolding the Wings of Acceptance. The two parts of genuine acceptance -- seeing clearly and holding our experience with compassion -- are as interdependent as the two wings of a great bird. Together, they enable us to fly and be free.
The Presentation Mistake You Don't Know You're Making. The \presenter's paradox\ is a fascinating example of how our instincts about selling -- ourselves, our company, or our products -- can be surprisingly bad.
Don't Let the Friendship Boil Over -- Talk It Out. I am guilty of causing a dear friend pain by not making time for her most meaningful and important accomplishment. I hurt her to the core.  I accept complete responsibility.  No excuses; I am wrong.
Speaking vs. Stuffing Your Truth. It's not possible for the weather to be 70 degrees with a light breeze every day, and it's not possible for relationships to go smoothly all the time. There are going to be glitches, and we can get better at dealing with them.
What to Say When You Don't Know What to Say. I wanted to share some practical one-liners for those times when you are caught off-guard. Many of us feel like a deer in headlights when someone says something insulting, hurtful, or presumptuous, and we have no comeback prepared. Here are some ideas for you.
10 Ways To Soothe A Sore Throat. 10 Ways To Soothe A Sore Throat originally appeared on Health.com Regardless of the cause, your immediate concern when soreness
Has Breast Cancer Activism Gone Too Far?. Ms. Cappello's story is compelling.  She is one of a long history of breast cancer activists who have challenged the status quo. But in my opinion, using individual cases to dictate health policy is a dangerous precedent.
A Hurricane Sandy Workout. If you're like me, getting holed up\u00a0because\u00a0of a hurricane -- like Sandy! -- is\u00a0the\u00a0ultimate bummer. You can't get to the gym and work out! To ease your burning desire for a burn, here's a workout you can do without leaving your apartment or home.
How to Know Your Breast Cancer Risk. Talk with your doctor about the Gail Model and find out what your level of risk for breast cancer is. And get a mammogram.
Is Meditation Important?. Meditation is important for every human being. Meditation fulfills the natural tendency of human life to look for a joy that does not diminish, a love that does not get distorted or turn into negative emotions.
Big Bird and the Halloween Challenge. What makes Halloween so fun is that it gives us an opportunity to be playful and to try out different aspects of our personality that don't always have a chance to emerge.
Hurricane Sandy. Anxiety is a really normal, healthy response to a natural disaster. I don't think people should feel ashamed to be anxious.
Stopping Smoking Could Help Women Live 10 Years Longer, Study Suggests. By this point, everyone is aware that not smoking -- or at the very least, giving it up -- is good for your health. But a
Making Prevention a Priority. Preventing obesity-associated chronic diseases and improving our nation's public health requires policy, systems and environmental change.  Where we live, eat, sleep, work, learn, and play all impact our health.
D\u00eda de los Muertos. We're all so concerned with getting ahead and keeping up with the Joneses these days that sometimes we forget that one day the Joneses won't matter anymore. And that's the day you need to prepare for.
Rejuvi Pharmaceuticals. The Florida pharmacy, based in Boca Raton and called Rejuvi Pharmaceuticals, prepares injectable drugs and medications. The
Why Do Vegetarians Live Longer?. Nearly a decade of extra life -- that's what you get when you move away from eating animal foods and toward a plant-based diet. This is really exciting science for anyone seeking healthy longevity!
It's a Pumpkin Party. Unless you've been living under a rock, you've probably noticed pumpkin products are popping up everywhere. One thing is for sure
How To Get Your Dog To Sleep In. More exercise would be a good place to start. As a veterinarian, I know the vast majority of dogs aren\u2019t getting enough exercise
Vision Boards. Want some more inspiration? Check out these tips for making a dream board over at Oprah.com. See what's on the Crowe family's
Acupuncture Could Relieve Dry Mouth In Head And Neck Cancer Patients, Study Suggests. This is certainly not the first time acupuncture has shown promise in treating dry mouth in cancer patients. Researchers
D\u00e9j\u00e0 vu All Over Again?. Though seasons are pretty consistent and recognizable when they cycle back through, there is one thing that is different -- sometimes dramatically different
HIV Test. Simple and quick HIV tests that analyze saliva already exist but they can only pick up the virus when it reaches relatively
Fearlessly Own the Real You. Questioning the status quo in your life is a way to reveal and honor your authentic self. An autopilot response is based on the past and someone else's choice or desire. In order to evolve and grow, you have to be willing to honor your authentic feelings and beliefs as they evolve.
How to Keep Your Promises. The promises we make speak volumes about who we are.  Whether your promise is as casual as committing to your partner that you'll eat better foods or as serious as eliminating abusive behavior, the promises we make  -- to ourselves and others -- have tremendous power.
How Sleeping Saved My Brain. When I was discharged from the hospital, the doctor suggested that I take a nap every afternoon. I didn't think too much about this, but in hindsight I realize that this was not just a friendly suggestion. Sleeping -- and naps in particular -- were critical to my recovery.
The Paradox of No Choice. The guidance of our wisdom is always available to us, but at times can be a bit hard to hear amidst the noisy chatter of our fearful thoughts. But once we do begin to hear it and understand its significance, there's no going back.
The Art Of Sleeping With The Enemy. I have good friends. They are in a mixed marriage
5 Sneaky Halloween Health Hazards. Whether you'll be tip-toeing through a haunted house, competing in a costume contest or baking an array of tasty treats, some
What Having Breast Cancer Has Taught Me. When I was diagnosed with cancer two years ago this month, I never asked \Why?\ Instead, I wondered, \What am I supposed to learn from this experience?\ As it turns out, one of the Silver Linings of my experience with breast cancer was learning some valuable life lessons.
Vivid Dream. To meet, manifest, or fulfill our dreams, we must accept where and who we are today. Life dreams are not hallucinations or fantasies that thrust us out of the present moment, but are instead about living in ultimate alignment with the truth of who we are in the present moment.
Chewing on the Future of Food. Our cultural attitudes about the use of our feet and our forks are ill-advised, but not crazy; they always made sense before.  For most of human history, calories were relatively scarce and physical activity was unavoidable.  Our prevailing inclinations are well-suited to that scenario.
Handshakes Reinforce Positive Impressions In The Brain, Study Suggests. Previous studies have looked at static images. Combined with insight into brain activity, sweat response, and feedback from
Fortune Cookie Wisdom. Optimism has been shown to be an important part of good health and wellness. Without such sparks of inspiration or encouragement we can tend to forget that life can be more than just the daily grind of work and responsibility.
What Do Zombies Have to Teach Us About Lifting Our Spirits?. Picture, if you will, a zombie in a field, moving toward its goal -- one (often ungraceful) step at a time. Although this zombie might be missing a limb or two -- or even if it's being shot at -- it just keeps on going. Kind of like the Energizer Bunny -- only with more blood and guts.
I Lost Weight. Name
Obesity On The Rise. While younger adults -- those under 35 years -- are only slightly more likely to be obese today than they were in 2008, these
The Last Well Child. The debate rages as to why more children are diagnosed with chronic health conditions.  Better diagnosing?  More ill kids due to environmental factors?  Both?  While I do not agree we are \better\ at diagnosing, I do think we are better at labeling.  There's a subtle difference.
WHiP IT! Our Responsible Outrage. This is dedicated to the women who cannot speak their truth. It is for those women's voices that cannot express themselves for fear that they will be destroyed by the man in their life.
Americans Research Cars More Closely Than Doctors. By Jaimie Dalessio - 42 percent spend 10 or more hours researching a car purchase - 34 percent spend less than an hour researching
Marla Lopez Picky Eater. According to the Mayo Clinic, health problems can often ensue when adults are extremely picky with what they consume. Psychosocial
Non-Speaking (at Times) Autistic Provides Insight Into Communication Differences, Part II. This is part two of an interview with Paula Durbin-Westby, an (at times) non-speaking autistic adult who made a YouTube video as an example of what happens when she tries to speak during periods when she cannot.
Famous Couples Who Help Each Other Stay Healthy And Fit. After TMZ reported a man answered the door at Lindsay Lohan's house to shoo away her father, Michael, and his attempted intervention
3 Ways to Receive Guidance. Guidance comes through when you're willing to let go of your attachment to \the answer\ and willing to live in the question of what it is you want to create. You must be willing to release your expectations of life.  There is no \trying\ in receiving guidance.  It is an act of surrender.
On Being Your Best Self. It is still a challenge to be myself, in that most people will not understand why I do what I do. That is unimportant. I have spent my life discovering what makes me most happy -- without tampering with the happiness of others.
Sleepy Honeybees Have Harder Time Recalling Recent Experiences. Born adds that the finding supports the principle that complex memories need some kind of off-line processing--such as sleep
Skipping Breakfast Could Make You Want More High-Calorie Foods, Study Suggests. If skipping breakfast has ever left you with a craving for some high-calorie mac and cheese or a big, juicy burger, a small
The Power of Forgiveness. Forgiveness means giving up the suffering of the past and being willing to forge ahead with far greater potential for inner freedom. Besides the reward of letting go of a painful past, there are powerful health benefits that go hand-in-hand with the practice of forgiveness.
Take a Breath. I think breathing is one of the greatest things we can do for our own mental and physical health. But how do you remember to take a breath when you're angry, confused or frustrated?
Stress-Busters For Better Sleep. Stress. We all have it -- and aside from being uncomfortable during the waking hours, it could be keeping you up at night
A Breast Cancer Story in Poems. I was diagnosed with breast cancer in August 2006. Treatment -- lumpectomy, chemo and radiation -- lasted for more than a year. During my illness I found poetry -- both reading and writing it -- was cathartic.
Jennifer Esposito. In a response blog post praised by Esposito, a fan who also has celiac disease, \SassyCeliactivist\ wrote
Sleep Deprivation Could Spur Hormonal Changes Linked With Obesity, Review Finds. Getting less than a full-night's rest could provoke hormonal changes in your body that are linked to obesity, according to
How to Make Difficult Tasks More Fun. Sometimes, we have to do things in life that aren't part of our skill set. And when that happens, it's important to find a way to make the experience more enjoyable -- or at least bearable.
Why Donald Trump Can't 'Motivate' Obama (The Key to All Human Behavior). For the key to ALL human behavior (in under two minutes, mind you), watch this video
As Good as It Gives. You are driving in the city, in line at a red light.  Three cars ahead, you spot the weathered man or woman working his way up the line of windows, hand out, maybe a sign explaining his plight. Is there a flash of wanting the light to change before he makes it up to you?
Chaga, the Clinker Fungus. While this strange-looking mushroom has been called a \tree cancer\ since it will eventually kill its host tree, it has attracted interest for centuries in fighting human cancer and other diseases.
Universal Law #3. By aligning our thoughts and actions with the law of cause and effect we can create wealth, heal ourselves, attract the desired romantic partner, and manifest the ideal lifestyle.  It is important that we use this law in ways that are in alignment with our spirit and with other human beings.
Should I Share My Feelings With My Partner and Others?. Psychotherapists often advise their clients to share their feelings with the important people in their life. Is this good advice?
The Secret Component of Grief. Wouldn't it be in our best interest as a society to transform our fear-based culture of death by encouraging a healthier belief about death as a normal occurrence? There is so much we could do to educate and prepare ourselves to handle death with greater loving, service, and compassion.
Night Shift May Raise Men's Prostate Cancer Risk, And 7 Other Ways It Could Impact Health. Researchers found specifically that working the night shift is linked with a 2.77 times higher risk of prostate cancer, as
Be More Real. I've learned that the world only wants one thing from us
Carbon Dioxide Levels In Meeting Rooms, Classrooms Could Affect Decision-Making. Researchers acknowledged that more study is needed to replicate the findings, so it's still too early to say if ventilation
Embracing Your Pain. The truth is that the most important thing for our complete and total well-being is to authentically be in touch with our emotions. The ability to let yourself truly feel your feelings is really the key to joy.
The Art of Losing. It's hard to win, but for most people, it's harder to lose. I realized this truth applied to me as I settled into my seat flying from New York to Detroit.
Chip Your Way to Healthy Fall Foods. Think nice, crispy chips can't be part of a healthy diet? Think again! The crispness of fall is in the air, and it should be in your food, too, in the form of delicious chips made from seasonal, locally-grown foods.
Top 5 List of the Best, Good-for-You Halloween Candy (Psst... GMOs Are Not Invited). It's that time of year when autumn leaves are falling, the air turns brisk and biting, and people start thinking about Halloween. I'm never too old to don a costume and hold out a hand for treats, but as a healthy living advocate, the problem I have with Halloween is all the candy.
Gabrielle Roth Quotes. According to some, the body and the spirit are the embodiment of the self. According to one -- Gabrielle Roth -- physical
Want a Strong Core? Start With Your Inner Thighs. In Pilates we refer to the muscles of the \Powerhouse\ as the muscles that attach to the pelvis.  Recently, I am discovering that before I can address the strength I want people to use in their abdominal muscles, I must first address the weakness in the inner thighs.
The Shifting Morass of Morals. Morals arise from our values. They are personal, having to do with the people and environment in which we were raised and the experiences that shaped our growing up. As adults, our morals are still shifting and changing.
Lil' Monsters, Unleashed. Halloween is fast approaching and all the excitement that has been building all month is finally going to come to a head on Wednesday, Oct. 31, a night of trick-or-treaters, Halloween parties, monster movie marathons and haunted houses.
GPS Guide. The stress and strains of our always-connected lives can sometimes take us off course. GPS For The Soul can help you find
Water, Water. I have a different relationship with water since moving to Cornfield Creek, off Maryland's Magothy River. I moved here after three decades of city living, which involved -- among other things -- not thinking about water very much.
Ask Healthy Living. Night eating syndrome is dangerous because it leads to weight gain and because it is disruptive to the sleep cycle. If someone
Rosie Is Not Alone!. Despite women being vigilant when it comes to the heart health of their loved ones, they notoriously put themselves last when it comes to their own health.
Medtronic Edited Doctor Reviews For Its Bone-Grafting Product, Senate Review Finds. Shares of Medtronic were trading at $41.97, up 28 cents, in early activity on the New York Stock Exchange. \Medtronic went
'The Doctors' Weight Loss Episode. Check out more of our inspiring weight loss stories below
Settling vs. Settling Down. If you are anchored to yourself, your priorities and the people you love, no matter where life takes you, you are home, and that is an idea I feel very settling.
Totally American Ways to Enjoy Healthy World Flavors. Global flavors from Greece, Cuba, Morocco, Thailand, Vietnam, Korea, Peru, Spain, etc. are showing up on tables, restaurant menus and food trucks all across the U.S. Here are some quick and easy \Americanized\ ways to enjoy some healthy world flavors today.
Getting Lost. My getting lost is predictable enough now that my children advise their friends to expect delays, even when I've got the printout from Google maps in hand and a GPS app or two at the ready on my iPhone for backup.
Whole Foods vs. Super Walmart. After a couple of months of nonstop Super Walmart, I had enough. I decided to take a field trip for the day while the kids were in school just to go to Whole Foods and stock up. You would not believe how thrilling this was for me, and I was a bit giddy with anticipation.
I Lost Weight. How I Gained It
Chiropractic Manipulation Can Cause a Stroke. The word \stroke\ conjures images of a bolt out of the blue.  No one ever imagines that they will have a stroke, much less that it might happen as a result of a chiropractic treatment for neck pain -- but it does.
6 Strategies for Integrating the Shadow. Out of fear, we learn to override our darkness or operate over the top of it.  Here's the problem with this strategy
American Couples Having Trouble Sleeping. The survey was conducted in September, and asked more than 500 Americans age 18 or older and in a committed relationship
10 Tips to Start Living Now. Vow to begin today with no regrets. Commit to showing the world why you are here. Promise to live with passion. Spread your wings, stretch your spirit and learn to soar. After all, tomorrow is a present to be lived today.
Wine Pomace High In Antioxidants, Could Be Used To Fortify Other Foods, Researchers Find. Specifically, researchers found that the pomace from pinot noir and merlot wines are high in antioxidant dietary fibers. To
Sleep Position And Personality. People who sleep in the fetal position are \worriers.\ (The tighter they curl up, the more comfort they're supposedly seeking
CrazyBusy. \It is one thing to reduce life's clutter, feel prepared and take control of your schedule, but doing these things without prioritizing what matters most will not result in a more rewarding life.\
The Benefits of Becoming Aware of Your Stress. Life issues that we are all subject to are stressors for some but not for others. The difference lies in our response, for although we may have little or no control over the circumstances we are dealing with, we do have control over our reaction to them.
Trendspotting. The expo portion of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics Food and Nutrition Conference and Expo draws more than 350 exhibitors. Here, new products are launched and food trends come to life. Here are the top five food trends spotted at this year's expo.
Non-Speaking (at Times) Autistic Provides Insight Into Communication Differences, Part I. \I think the phrase 'non-speaking at times' captures my experience and also that of others who do have speech capabilities but can't always access them. Just because one can speak at times does not mean speech is a reliable form of communication for that person.\
An Example of an Extraordinary Teacher. As teachers, we hope to empower and enliven our students so much that they are able to stand fully on their own two feet, imbued with the wisdom that they've taken on as their own.
Life After Rehab. These are wonderful stories of painful experiences that turned into joyous \Kodak Moments\ of life. They are there for the asking, taking and are very doable.
Claiming Oneness for the Human Family?. Oneness is not simply an idea; it is a choice about how to be human, engage with life and align our intentions and actions.  It is an intentional, mindful way of being that joins us with others in creating a more hopeful, compassionate and peaceful world.
Healthy Aging. What's more, the outcomes used in the study were unusually comprehensive. Sabia and her colleagues defined successful aging
Ending Fear Over the New Autism Diagnosis. In the DSM-5, we propose a new way of looking at these disorders, merging them into a single diagnosis of autism spectrum disorder. We believe this will create more accurate diagnoses and improved access to services. It should also improve research into ASD.
Aqua Zumba. Our instructor played upbeat, fast-tempo salsa and bachata music, whooping into the mic and offering encouragement. She demonstrated each movement and then we mirrored it in unison, thankfully and safely beneath the water's obscuring surface
What Do You Crave?. Cravings are, to me, some of the most interesting and most frustrating things when making lifestyle changes that involve food, alcohol or smoking, particularly because these habits often have a physiological origin.
Success Of Meningitis Lawsuits Depends On How Injections Are Defined. There is some precedent for successfully suing the government over faulty products, but only when the government played a
Love Yourself Before You Love Others. The mind responds. The gut reacts. The heart follows. Learn the subtle differences by staying true to the self. Stay diligently committed to ensuring your own happiness in order to fully serve the ones you love.
What's Your Workout Personality?. Lots of things explain why you love insanely hot, slow Bikram sequences, while your best friend would rather be running the
Italy Bans Novartis Flu Vaccines Pending Tests For Side Effects. \Given the current unclear situation Swissmedic has issued a halt to deliveries for the cited vaccines and recommends not
The Silent Story of Male Breast Cancer. Because the cause of his breast cancer was hormonally driven, Singer was given the same types of treatments women receive
Blackberries Are Good for You... in Moderation. I remember a time before the BlackBerry. And while I appreciate its value for emergencies, mapping and the like, I am not fond of its other effects. Today, we are flooded with distraction and noise, and the skill is not drowning in it all.
Tough Nut to Crack. As fall comes into full swing, we can expect all the pleasantries that follow, from gorgeous foliage to the feeling of a playful frolic in a heap of leaves on the lawn.
Dr. April Pettit, Tennessee Doctor, Credited With Cracking Meningitis Outbreak Mystery. \You look at the shapes, the attachments, the color,\ she said, pointing to the deep blue image on the screen. She also said
Bacterial Meningitis Vaccine For At-Risk Infants Recommended By CDC Panel. The CDC panel said the vaccine could also be used in babies 2 months through 18 months who live in communities battling an
Never Waste a Good Crisis. Within two years, Rich Roll had become one of the fittest ultra athletes on the planet, gone vegan, and, in the process, was beginning to find out who he was and what he was capable of -- as an athlete, as man, as a father.
Why It's Okay to 'Make a Mess' of Things. Sometimes you have to make a mess of things to find the joy and fulfillment you desire and deserve. And let me tell you, sometimes it's actually easier to take a sledgehammer to all that you've built up rather than waiting for it to painfully unravel over time.
Dr. Oz And Diane Harper On HPV Vaccines And Knowing The Research. You can watch the full conversation above -- or read on for some highlights. Since the age window with the highest rate of
Fix Your Form. If you don't know your way around a weight room, heading to the gym can be intimidating -- and even dangerous. But paying
Excessive Daytime Sleepiness Affects More Than 1 In 3 Teens, Small Study Shows. The study was presented at the annual meeting of the American College of Chest Physicians; because it has yet to be published
Sitting With Mother Meera. Eternity lightens my heart. My soul rises. As I move forward on my knees to kneel before Mother Meera for the first time, I bathe in grace.
Don't Suppress, Express!. It is our misconception and misunderstanding of what emotions truly are that create the majority of the distress and dis-ease that we experience. So what are emotions anyway?
Understanding vs. Implementation. The nature of your thinking (free and easy vs. bound up) creates your feelings. Your feelings create your mood. Your mood then perpetuates the nature of your thinking, forming a closed loop that is immune to the circumstances of the outside world.
Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Your Body -- But Were Afraid to Ask. Instead of designating clairvoyance as the purview of a privileged few, Caroline Sutherland democratizes the intuitive process. Anyone with a genuine interest in listening attentively to their body's inner wisdom will receive abundant, self-generated guidance.
What's Your Health Turnoff?. When it comes to standards of health, there are the by-the-book rules, like eating enough servings of fruits and veggies
The Universal Golden Rule. The Golden Rule teaches that we should treat others as we, ourselves, would wish to be treated. This basic ethic is repeated in a multitude of variations in the texts of all the great religions of the world.
The Napping Revolution Starts Now!. Sleep that occurs during the day is often viewed as being a mark of laziness. Sleeping on the job is not viewed as a trait of the successful, driven employee. On many occasions, patients have admitted to me that they \sneak\ naps during the day.
Secondhand Smoke Exposure For Just 20 Minutes Leads To Breathing Impairment, Study Finds. Similarly, a study published in 2007 in the American Journal of Public Health showed that cancer-causing NNK -- a compound
GPS Guide. The stress and strains of our always-connected lives can sometimes take us off course. GPS For The Soul can help you find
Beans Could Help Control Blood Pressure, Reduce Heart Risks For Diabetes Patients. Researchers found specifically that eating about a cup a day of legumes (190 grams) -- which include beans, peas and lentils
Remembering Harvest Season. Although I grew up as a city girl, a memorable period of my childhood was spent in the English countryside. Of those days, I recall most fondly the harvest season.
Weightism. The conversation I would like to have about obesity is about acceptance and being kind to each other. By all means, make a commitment to better health by attaining your ideal weight if you can, but leave the self- and other-loathing at the refrigerator door.
Can Debates Lead to Clinical Depression?. A question that has rarely been explored is whether the performance of a particular candidate can affect supporters so deeply
6 Ways to Beat a Food Addiction. Here are 6 ways to beat food addiction
New England Compounding Center, Pharmacy Tied To Meningitis Outbreak, Avoided Sanctions Several Times From Health Regulators. \The board commends NECC on the progress to date,\ Cayer said in an April 12, 2006 letter. Cayer is currently a member of
Exercise Increases Productivity. Everyone knows that exercise can improve your health. Exercise is a key part of managing your weight and maintaining healthy hearts, lungs, and other bodily systems. But did you know that exercise can make you more productive?
Understanding Others. Consciously listen with a spirit of seeking to understand and notice the changes in the effectiveness of your communication.
Hypersexual Disorder. Sex addiction may soon be an official clinical diagnosis in the forthcoming Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders
Singer Allie Moss Talks About Gluten Sensitivity. Singer/guitarist Allie Moss, who is best known for her single \Corner\ (which became a hit in Great Britain and which was featured on an episode of Pretty Little Liars), has been diagnosed with gluten sensitivity.
Extra Pounds May Put You In The Hospital, Study Finds. Regardless of lifestyle and other health-related factors, heavier people were more likely than lean ones to be hospitalized
The 7 Hallmarks of an Empowered Life. Empowerment means accessing and marshaling all the passion, power and purpose you have inside you, so that you can live and work as you truly want to.
New Findings From First CDC Report on Fungal Meningitis Outbreak. Earlier this month, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention published the first comprehensive report on the fungal meningitis outbreak that has killed 12 and sickened 137. There is much news for us.
Training the Judgy Brain. I've learned that the less I think my thoughts define who I am, the more I expand into the truth of my being. As I unstick me from my thoughts -- which is sometimes tender-painful, like peeling bare thighs off a hot seat in summer -- then the mean-girl stuff just floats away.
I Lost Weight. I wanted to be confident around my children -- I never wanted my kids to think that their mom was \the fat one.\ Now, I don't
Letting Go and Feeling Good About It. Letting go isn't easy, especially in relationships.  And letting go of your marriage, spouse or partner can be one of the hardest things to do in life.  Yet, it can be the most rewarding, positive, life-changing experience you will ever have.
The Best New Ways To Avoid The Cold And Flu. Although you probably won't get influenza from pressing an elevator button or using a keyboard that a sick person has handled
Imperfection Is Not a Problem. We all get caught in wants and fears, we all act unconsciously, we all get diseased and deteriorate. If we can learn to relax about imperfection, we no longer lose our life moments in the pursuit of being different and in the fear of what is wrong.
Are Political Pundits Making You Panic?. What if we just followed this election for ourselves, moment to moment, living in each actual moment as it happens, without checking to see how anyone else on the planet is interpreting that moment? Wouldn't that be a better way to prepare ourselves to cast ballots?
Parents Need Sleep Help During Hours When Live Assistance Is Hard To Come By. Parents often need live advice on kids' sleep during the times when such advice is not available, a new study reveals. The
Afraid of Getting It Wrong?. The potential for success -- in any and all areas of life -- is within each of us... but it does require that we take action. We actually have to do things, which means the possibility of making a mistake.
Enlightenment, Duality and the Sword of Truth. From a metaphysical and metaphorical perspective, the process of casting, relative to our spiritual evolution, can be likened to our soul being poured into the mold of our present-time body, which is itself cast to play a specific role and intentioned life purpose.
Fall Inside With a Treadmill Workout to Make You Sweat. With the weather changing, you may find yourself indoors for your work outs instead of outside in the park. The purchase of a treadmill can turn your spare room or basement into your own home gym. Challenge yourself with a treadmill workout like this one.
Who Is The Fittest President? There Are Many Candidates. Who's the fittest of them all? As our attention turns toward the election and we think deeply about what direction we want
Acupuncture Could Play Role In Treating Parkinson's Symptoms, Study Suggests. Specifically, the study, published in the journal CNS Neuroscience & Therapeutics, shows that acupuncture boosts the responses
Fall Coffee Drinks. As New York Magazine recently proclaimed, pumpkin is the new bacon. The newly ubiquitous flavoring is a popular option for
Deepak Chopra. Chopra is admired for his work in Transcendental Meditation, Ayurvedic Medicine, stress management and much more. Known for
The Meningitis Outbreak. The good news for states is drug industry immunity only kicks in if the drugs in question are FDA-approved. And thanks to the first-rate influence-peddling and lobbying prowess of compounding pharmacists, the tainted steroid shots at issue today are free and clear of FDA regulation.
The Top 10 Workouts Celebs Swear By. Check out which fitness classes stars are flocking to. Read more on Shape Magazine
The Best And Worst Milks For Your Heart. There was a time when buying milk was as simple as opening the front door. But you don't see many milkmen around anymore
When Am I Ever Gonna Use This?. The truth is that most of us will never use the myriad of math facts and algorithms in our post-school lives. However, that does not mean that math does not have some valuable lessons for us.
Higher Self. There is no right or wrong way to experience your Higher Self, but it is important to pay attention until you are sure you can discern it. Then you can learn to listen to it. This level of attainment also shifts our relationship to the ego.
Body Language. The moral of the story is body language is just not for politicians. When your bed partner complains that you are moving around too much in bed, you should heed the warning and consider whether there is an underlying sleep disorder.
Why a Mastectomy Was the Best Choice for Me. I decided that I would undergo a bilateral mastectomy with immediate reconstruction. I remember the frustration I felt at not having the mastectomy sooner. I wanted to fast track the whole thing. I wanted those things off yesterday.
Unlock the Power of Meditation to Feel Happier and More at Ease. Meditation can make coping with daily stressors easier and give you the often much-needed power to \let go\ of troubling thoughts or emotions. It's easy to get started if you're willing to try it for just a few minutes a day!
UV Light Could Bust Hospital-Acquired Infections. By Katherine Harmon (Click here for the original article) A team of researchers sampled five high-contact areas in hospital
Should Our Puppy Sleep With Us, Or Be Banned From The Bedroom?. For more on pet health, click here. (And the fact is, I wouldn't want to push my wife too hard into choosing between me and
10 New Foods To Power Up Your Workout. By Jessica Girdwain for Shape.com Get faster, stronger, leaner and sexier and recover in less time with these delicious picks
To Regift or Not to Regift, That Is the Question. There are few things in life that give me more pleasure than finding a new home for an item that's just taking up space in my house.  So one of my kids gets a birthday present she already has?  She may see disappointment, but I see opportunity.
Baby Boomers And Insomnia. Maybe you are not asleep because you can\u2019t sleep. As baby boomers age, many may find that a basic act they once took for
Yoga Can Help With Insomnia. Researchers at Harvard Medical School investigated how a daily yoga practice might affect sleep for people with insomnia and found broad improvements to measurements of sleep quality and quantity.
Multivitamins and Multiplication. As has likely come to your attention by now, a new study shows that daily multivitamin use is associated with a reduction in the overall rate of cancer. These findings are intriguing and promising, but far from the proverbial slam-dunk.
Say 'No' to Too Much Food. With the holiday season coming, many people give themselves permission to stuff not only a turkey, but also themselves. When an attitude of overindulgence prevails, how do you summon the strength to say \no\ to the extras?
Why Friends May Be Your Ticket to Living to 100. One of the secrets to longer lifespan may be to get connected. It might mean having more regular contact with family or friends. For some, it might mean joining a club, taking up line dancing, or even starting a language class.
Your Secret Allergy Triggers Revealed. By Arianne Cohen You could blame weeds, trees and grasses if you start itching, sneezing, coughing and wheezing this fall
Daydreaming Boosts Creativity, Study Suggests. Recently, a study in the same journal showed that daydreaming could also be good for your working memory (the kind of memory
When Bad Meditation Inspires Better Writing. I think I may be the world's worst meditator. I've tried it off and on since my 20s, and I love the concept
Green Tea Benefits. While experts agree that more research is still needed, this only adds to the body of work linking green tea to healthy, happy
Super Soul Sunday. Oprah and Gary Zukav, author of \The Seat of the Soul,\ tackle some of life's biggest questions
Bruce Springsteen. Bruce Springsteen is wealthy.  At any time could have said, \Thank you, good night, we love you,\ gone back to his five-star hotel, gotten a massage, and ordered anything he wanted from room service.  And he chose to be with us.  In the rain.
20 Simple Ways To Get Better Sleep Tonight. Not being able to get quality sleep is serious business, so if you're not getting the shut-eye you need, here are 20 ways
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (Oct. 18-25). Expectation can be a way to stay out of the present while anticipation can have a feeling of nervous excitement about it. Let go. See what plays out between you and your environment.
Googling Often Doesn't Get It Right When It Comes to Infant Sleep Safety. The Web is not a doctor. The Internet can deliver information with amazing speed and volume, but it can't listen to your child's heartbeat or look into your baby's eyes while engaging in a conversation about your newborn's sleep habits.
Mystics and Mistakes. If your experience of life transcends the limitations of sense perception -- seeing, hearing, tasting, touching and smelling -- you are known as a mystic. You experience life in a way that others do not know.
The Sexiest Scent of All. Instead, I use actual sugar and actual coconut oil. You could lick it or eat it by the spoonful and you'd be fine, which
Understanding The Zombie Teen's Body Clock. Many parents know the scene
Universal Law #2. As I stood at the water's breaking edge,  I gazed at the continuous ebb and flow of the tide as it crashed against the rocks. It reminded me of the constant giving and receiving flow of energy found in our universe.
10 Office Personalities That May Be Sabotaging Your Diet. M&M's might not be the problem in your office. Maybe it's a free vending machine or a colleague's candy dish or an endless
Is the American Dream Still Worth It?. I'd like us to ask ourselves if our quality of life and our level of fulfillment are as good as we had hoped it would be, or if instead we are letting ourselves be ruled by greed vs. goodness and compassion toward others.
5-Step Guide for Taking and Making Steps for an Enjoyable Outcome. At the California Women's Conference, as a speaker my intention was to share practical, non-intimidating tips for attending entrepreneurs in way that was both concise, informational, and motivational, and to be seen as someone who had the ability to do so.
Harvey Singer, Male Breast Cancer Survivor, Informs Other Men About The Disease (WATCH). Harvey Singer was touched by breast cancer for the first time after his mother and sister were diagnosed one month apart
Power Naps May Boost Right-Brain Activity. But they do shine a light -- infrared light, in this case -- on how the two sides of our brain interact when we\u2019re at rest
I Lost Weight. Name
Bank Cards, Bills Contaminated With Fecal Bacteria. A small new study from England reveals that as many as one in 10 bank cards have fecal bacteria on them. And one in seven
Stand for Something. In a previous post, I discussed the negative effects of prolonged sitting and the inability of exercise to undo the damage. A new study now quantifies the association between sedentary behavior and diabetes.
Some of the People, Some of the Time. Trying to solve your crappy self-worth through outside approval is a race you're always going to be running at half-speed. When the outside approval dies down, that's the discomfort you have to sit with. That's the \you\ you have to learn to love.
Just Undo It!. This simple re-framing of any incident, within the boundaries and circumstances of existing overriding conditions of time and understanding, automatically relegates the matter of forgiveness to its rightful realm.
Adopt a Pet and Improve Your Health. Although I would like to believe that my dogs are miraculous, the fact is that any dog can have this effect on people.  There is something calming and centering about connecting with an animal.
The Only Way Out Is Through. The only way out is through -- which it is kind of like a birth, or re-birth. It is the path to a second half of life that is deeper, and about tuning out some of the noise of the outside world and listening to that inner voice in the quiet of a dark night.
The Hope for Brave New Worlds. The discovery of new worlds, and the potential for further exploration of that final frontier, space, makes us think of our own limitations as well as our potential for trying to understand, and the impossibility of having or knowing it all when we want to.
Obama, A-Rod, Dr. Hank and Criticism. Many times, we give criticism to others because they are not giving us what we want, and what we want is a function of totally unrealistic expectations.
Duality. My left breast is approximately 25 percent bigger than the right one, and until yesterday, I thought I was the only one who knew.
17 Ways To Get More From Your Cardio Workout. This article has been read and approved by Greatist Experts Rob Sulaver and Noam Tamir. With all these cardio workouts to
What the 2012 Kona Ironman Taught Me About Health Care. As I stood there in the awe of every successful \Ironman\ at the midnight completion of the day's activities, I realized that the environment that resulted in success for these competitors contains the same characteristics that could create a successful health care system.
Satisfaction Guaranteed. Happiness, or the lack thereof, lies at the root of what makes life meaningful. But figuring out what exactly constitutes happiness, especially in a culture like the Unites States that tends to conflate money with meaning, proves to be elusive.
Take a Fearless Inventory. This weekend, allow yourself the time and space to put thoughts into words (which makes you more accountable and, therefore, more likely to act upon them). Living the life you deserve that is in line with your truth is worth the time and effort.
Bed Bug Habits Revealed In New Study. Researchers also found that production of bed bug eggs is linked with how much blood the bed bugs were able to consume the
Embolic Stroke. Common symptoms of a stroke include extreme headache, problems with balance and coordination, vision problems, feeling confused
It's Not Always a Good Thing When Your Cups Runneth Over. I realized that keeping my portions and food choices in mind was something I was going to have to stay committed to for the rest of my life -- assuming I wanted to keep fitting into my newly aquired \regular size\ clothes.
Teen Star Kenton Duty on Food Allergies and Bullying. What's it like for a real kid who has food allergies? I sat down with Kenton Duty, who co-stars on Disney's Shake It Up, for a Skype interview.  He spoke with me about his experiences with food allergies and bullying and his advocacy work.
Mind Your Body -- Pilates for Your Brain. The mind/body connection is so pronounced in the Pilates method that it is imperative a student uses imagery and his or her concentration to make sure they are initiating the moves from the right place.
5-Hour Energy and 30-Second Deceit. Advertisers frequently trade on the implicit trust we have in medical professionals to sell products for their clients.  For example, an advertisement promoting the consumption of 5-Hour Energy has recently been running on television.
The Leap Heard 'Round the World. Fear is loud and powerful. In order to continue, Baumgardner needed to turn down fear's volume and increase the volume of reason. Gervais did this through helping Baumgardner speak over his fear with positive self-talk.
Today's Greatest Mental Health Need. Instead of persisting in pushing psychiatric drugs, health professionals and organizations around the world would do far more good by developing and supporting programs for psychiatric drug withdrawal.
Optimizing Failure. Failing is the easy part -- it's how you handle failure that will either stop you or allow you to move forward in your life, your career and your relationships.
35 Diet And Nutrition Experts You Need To Follow On Twitter. Want to stay up to date on the latest health research? Twitter is a source of more information than anyone can possibly digest
Genetically-Modified Organisms or GMOs. There is an interesting aspect of the argument over labeling GM products that is centered upon our individual right to guide our own lives and make our own choices. When it comes to the most basic of human needs, the food that we eat should be our choice, and ours alone. There is no place for \Big Ag\ at my dinner table.
Exercise Could Boost The Immune System, Study Suggests. \What we're suggesting is that with exercise, you might be getting rid of T cells that aren't helpful and making room for
Can Athletes Handle More Pain?. We see it all the time
Surrender. \Know when to hold 'em, Know when to fold 'em\ are lyrics from a famous Kenny Rogers song, and they apply to life in so many ways.  When do you give up?  When do you throw up your hands and let things take their course, despite being unhappy with the state of it all?
Cutis Verticis Gyrata. Medscape reported that the condition was first described in 1843, though the term cutis verticis gyrata wasn't actually used
Universal Law #1. The experience of self (our essential nature) is called self-referral, and it points to our internal reference point, our spirit. Object referral is where objects outside ourselves always influence us.
180 Kilometers of Motivation. Each stage of this hike, and each stage of anything big in our lives, has its own unique terrain and demands real effort. In the high alpine and the luscious valleys, I learned to appreciate this reality.
Fungal Meningitis. CHICAGO, Oct 18 (Reuters) - U.S. doctors in Baltimore said early diagnosis and treatment of patients at risk of fungal meningitis
Imagine a World without Cancer. Even so, I can't help but wonder if we can ever eradicate cancer completely. For that, we'd have to go even deeper into prevention
You Don't Need a Lump to Have Breast Cancer. The pinking of October has brought much awareness to breast cancer, but this rare form -- Inflammatory Breast Cancer -- is still largely unknown and is often believed to be under-reported due to its late diagnosis.
Hunter Syndrome. As told to Sarah Klein. This interview has been condensed and edited for clarity and length. I was invited to photograph
Natural You. Buddha said, \If we could see the miracle of a single flower clearly, our whole life would change.\ Why wait to tap into and express your true self?
Love Needs No Words. Words complete me. They are my companions when I am lonely, my inspiration when I despair, and my weapons when I rage. But words are the tools of the brain, particularly the left hemisphere.
Flu Shots May Not Protect The Elderly Or The Very Young. In healthy adults under the age of 65, flu vaccines work, too. A 2010 Cochrane review, also co-authored by Jefferson, estimated
Panic Disorder and Men. As I was putting my last article together, I became really curious about why it seemed that almost all of the people who came forward and offered to share their personal experiences with me regarding anxiety were women.
Morning Exercise. Last month, we made the case that it might be worth reworking your fitness routine to include some a.m. workouts. New research
Why to Keep Your Blender and Ditch Your Juicer, and Other Drinking Myths Debunked (VIDEO). On this week's episode, I talk with the Nutrition Twins, Tammy and Lyssie Lakatos, about juicing, juice fasts, superfruit smoothies, and teas in every color of the rainbow, which are all touted to be \the next best thing.\
How to Not Get Sick. Everyone seems to be getting sick right now! In fact, it is very common to get sick during the transition between seasons. So while summer's currently turning into fall, which I'm very relieved to say after all this miserable heat, you should be taking extra precautions to protect your health.
16 Signs of Women's Cancers. Become the authority of your own body.  Recognize changes early.  This may save your life, and will certainly give you the opportunity to incorporate natural therapies and an integrative approach to your health care.
I Lost Weight. Then, in March 2012, a lady that I met at the gym said to me \u201crunning melts the fat.\u201d That's all I needed to hear. I downloaded
Interview With Author Racelle Rosett. Racelle Rosett, award-winning author, breast cancer survivor and blogger shares her thoughts on dying, living and surviving breast cancer with Janice Taylor, life and wellness coach.
Do You Really Believe What You Say You Believe?. Many of us give ourselves permission to say things we really don't believe; challenging our beliefs can serve as a filtering system that enables us to compare what is in our minds and in our hearts and to confirm there is a congruency between thought and belief.
A Namaste of Metabolic Interdependence. Eating is a reunion of self and nonself, of me and not-me, of you and not-you, of eater and food through the enmeshment of eating. Eating is twofold yoga
Tuberculosis. INDIA AND CHINA * New tools to fight TB being developed But the report cited slow progress in identifying cases of drug-resistant
We Tried It. While I love a good, old-fashioned vinyasa class, I really connected with the music and energy of SLT. These elements added a lightness to yoga that I hadn't experienced prior.
School Lunches. Please, America
The Loud Voice of Cancer. What would you do if you heard the words \You've got cancer\? Get inspired by the infectious spirit of Dr. Paulette Kouffman Sherman as she shares her personal healing journey and how it revealed her life's purpose.
Fitness Themed Halloween Costume Ideas. Have a costume for Halloween planned? Neither do we. But you better believe we'll step out in something athletic or fitness
National Disability Awareness Month. I am married to a man who is disabled, although I've never defined him as \dis-anything,\ which is why it's always a shock to me when people single him (and me) out for his disability rather than for our respective accomplishments.
How Does Sleep Affect Mental Wellness?. We often sacrifice sleep because of long workdays that spill over into our \leisure time,\ because we're watching late-night TV, and sometimes because that is the only time that we have to ourselves after we put the kids to bed.
23andMe and Me. In my first piece on personal genomics, I wrote about how data on one's genome can provide information on one's disease risk. Such personal genomics studies estimate the probability of someone getting a disease.
How Avoidable Hospital Readmissions are Hurting the Economy, the Health Care System and the Patient. We often mistakenly assume that we can't play a role in the efficiency of our institutions. We can prevent thousands of avoidable hospital readmissions by being proactive and availing ourselves of the resources in our communities.
A Ride With Bradley Wiggins. Shortly after the Tour de France, I was invited to do a long bike ride with Bradley Wiggins in his hometown in England. It was called my Ride with Brad.
Sleep And Metabolism. By Katherine Harmon (Click here for the original article and podcast) Looks like sleep is even more important than we thought
Living the Authentic You. The more we come to understand ourselves, the more we discover who we are, what we truly feel, and what makes us tick. And all of this changes with time and experience.
Pain-Free Running, Part 2. You have to be mentally, emotionally and physically tough if you want to reach your goal of training and running for a marathon -- or any race, for that matter. It comes down to the double Ds
Do You Need a Body to Do Yoga?. Yoga is certainly a physical practice and can be a great way to work on strength and flexibility. But many seasoned yogis and instructors will tell you that breathing and mindfulness are at the heart of the practice.
Abstinence May Make the Bones Grow Stronger (or Can't a Girl Get a Drink Anymore?) Part 1. I want to help you be as juicy, gorgeous, healthy and happy as you can be, from your cells to your soul. But I've got to tell you about a new study that rattled my bones. Bottom line? Abstinence may help reverse bone loss.
The Two Worst Foods in the World. Drop those two \foods\ from your diet, and the guardian angels of your health and well-being will be sending you a heartfelt and passionate \thank you!\
Wheelchair Wisdom. Clearly, I was surrounded by obstacles that indeed had the potential for creating a lot of frustration. But the total absurdity of it somehow helped open my eyes to my own humanness and to the kindness of this young woman who really was doing her very best to be helpful.
What's Worse Than Getting a Rock in Your Trick-or-Treat Bag?. So as we approach what I consider a sweet holiday, a suggestion. That you spend an extra few seconds with each of those little doorbell ringers. Try to imagine what it would be like to be their age, going to such extremes to get candy.
Whoopi Goldberg And Other Celebrities Who Have Quit Smoking. More than 45 million people in the United States smoke -- and while we all know by now that lighting up can increase your
Meningitis Outbreak. A spokeswoman for the department gave no details about the victim other than that the person was from southwest Virginia
New England Compounding Center, Pharmacy Tied To Meningitis Outbreak, Raided By Feds. State pharmacy regulators have said that NECC violated its license in Massachusetts by not requiring patient prescriptions
Creating Out of Nothing. We must not stay attached to outcome.  When the time comes, after putting our heart and soul into relationship with creation, we must let it go, say goodbye.  Otherwise, there can be no space for what wants to happen creatively to come forward, be born into the world.
Daily Multivitamin May Slightly Lower Men's Cancer Risk, Study Suggests. And a 2010 study in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition actually found an increased risk of cancer among women who
Overwhelmed? These 6 Strategies May Help. Whatever the reason behind your overwhelm, here are six strategies to help. Suggestions for Preventing or Stopping Overwhelm
West Nile Outbreak. By Marice Richter Just over half of the cases reported to the CDC this year have been of the severe neuroinvasive form of
Preparation. Do you go off of the wagon when you are hungry and have nothing to eat?  Do you realize you're starving and the only food available is something you'd prefer not to eat but \it'll have to do?\ These are the times that you are most vulnerable to sabotaging your hard-won efforts.
Ride the Bumps. When life puts a bump in the road, you've got to grind the gears, sidestep the potholes as smoothly as possible, and keep going forward.  If my friend was able to move away from the grip of her condition, then so can I.
How Brains Forget Memories Through Two Distinct Mechanisms. In one method researchers have termed \direct suppression,\ the brain inhibits the processing of the hippocampus, a region
'How I Helped My Adopted Dog Lose 75 Pounds'. Do you ever feel you should take action when you see a pet who needs help? That\u2019s what Jim Carey of Sheboygan, Wis., did
Training Tips for the No-Offseason Athlete. Playing professional sports, it's important to eat healthy and take care of your body. In the offseason, rest is really important to me. I also follow a unique training regime.
How Do You Stay Small?. We stay small for many reasons. Sometimes it has to do with the fact that we are not even conscious of all the other opportunities. At other times we have realized that it's possible, but we have made a rule stating that it will never be possible for us.
Fathers and Sons. Addiction is a mysterious thing. You never know what it will take to break the forcefield of denial, allowing a person to change their course and survive.
To Honor. Once we know something, experience something, feel something, there is an understandable tendency to put it away, to bury it, to forget its importance in our lives. But integrity and aliveness have something to do with keeping what is true before us.
Healing Breast Cancer's Emotional Pain Through Yoga. While we as a culture continue looking for a cure -- or now, more likely, cures -- we have at least learned a few things about helping people recover from cancer treatment programs, namely chemotherapy. One such device is yoga.
More Sleep Linked With Better Behavior At School, Study Suggests. Researchers from McGill University found that elementary-schoolers who got less sleep were more likely to lose emotional
Meningitis Outbreak. The federal Food and Drug Administration on Monday said it had widened its investigation to other drugs produced by New England
Yoga's Dark Side. There's a giant pink elephant on the yoga mat, and I'm just gonna come out and say it. How come when I go to any new-to-me yoga studio, or hang out with a group of \yoga people,\ I feel more judged there than anywhere else?
Combine Passion With Purpose. Many successful people talk about being burned out on their own success and find that it's possible to feel stuck, even when everything in their lives is going well. By expanding your efforts to something bigger than yourself, everyone benefits.
Sometimes ADHD Is Real. Regardless of what anyone else may think, this is a personal decision to be made by the family based on their situation and their needs, and I don't find it at all appropriate to issue blanket condemnations of medication for ADHD when this may be exactly what someone's child needs.
Are You Available? Augmenting Access to the Akasha Dimension. If only everyone would stop rushing around for a moment so you can just collect your thoughts. All you need is a moment.
Soul-Talk. The moment you accept responsibility for your reactions to anything that is happening around you, you have no way back. The moment you recognize that you are the one choosing your reactions, the blame and complain game ceases to have power over you.
Health Benefits Of Breakfast. What's your typical pick for a morning meal? Does it involve a cup of coffee with toast and fruit? Maybe some oatmeal with
New England Compounding Center Needs To Be Investigated To See If It Broke Federal Laws, Edward Markey Says. The states reporting cases of meningitis are Tennessee, Michigan, Pennsylvania, New Hampshire, Illinois, Indiana, Minnesota
Stacey's Lesson. There is no easy way to deal with death. There is no phrase which by its mere utterance will cure a bereaved person. I have learned this. This experience has allowed me to garner a motto for life
Why Relationships Are Often Difficult. If you want a relationship that maintains deep emotional and physical connection, a relationship where you rarely feel lonely with each other, a relationship that is always evolving and growing toward deeper intimacy, then you likely have to be willing to work at it by healing your own issues.
Do You Obsess About the Small Stuff?. I've learned how to quickly work through my mini dramas so I can focus on what really matters. In this video, I offer spiritual tools for letting go of littleness and centering back into your power.
Boost Your Health With These 11 Anti-Inflammatory Foods. On top of their anti-inflammatory properties, these foods also supply us with essential vitamins and minerals that help boost our immune system.
4 Time-Saving Tips (That Double as Time-Savoring Tips). If you feel you'd like to take more time to tend to your spirit but don't know where and how to find the time, here are some ideas for how to find more time in your day to enjoy your day.
Shift Your Paradigms to Restore and Recapture Your Dreams. Life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness seem like an elusive, fleeting dream for many people globally. There has been a tremendous shift for many people financially, and they need to rethink how they can begin the process of recapturing and restoring their dreams.
Cholesterol Levels Improving In U.S. Adults, Study Shows. Our cholesterol levels are collectively going down, according to a new study in the Journal of the American Medical Association
The Wired Health Conference. In partnership with the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, Wired has gathered more than 200 science, tech, business and medicine
4 Ways That Boredom Can Harm Your Health. Boredom is more than an unpleasant feeling -- studies show that it can lead to some negative health consequences. Here are
Fix Your Form. We spent an afternoon at Equinox with trainer and manager Rebecca Woll, learning the ins and outs of some of the most popular
Meningitis Outbreak Is 'Nowhere Near The End,' Expert Says. SUSPECT LOTS The FDA said its investigation of that patient and the two who received the heart drug during surgery was ongoing
Like Your Neighborhood? What It Means For Your Physical Health. Recently, a study in the journal Diabetes Care showed a link between the walkability of a neighborhood and a person's risk
How Being A Woman Affects Your Workout. By Charlotte Andersen for Shape.com Men and women differ in the gym. Here's why you should care. More from Shape.com
Hollywood's Fittest Former Child Stars. By Kristen Aldridge for Shape.com Where are they now? And how did they get so fit? We found out! More from Shape.com
Sleep. I think the sleep revolution is one major endorsement away from exploding into popular culture.  The foundation is in place.  We just need one athlete to speak out about how he or she considers sleep to be a cornerstone for success.
Is Social Media to Blame for the Rise in Narcissism?. Studies are now showing what many of you may have suspected
16 Signs of Women's Cancers. No physician can monitor your body on a daily basis.  Being in touch with and aware of subtle but persistent changes in your health -- and taking action by seeking professional care to either rule out or identify a problem -- may save your life.
Activate Your Dream Wisdom. Dreams bring us back to our soul, reminding us of things we have forgotten, devalued, overlooked. We do not need to analyze a dream to embody its wisdom.
A Mathematical Formula Reveals Secret, Missing Ingredient to Work-Life Balance. As a tribute to the 2012 Work and Family Month, I will reveal a secret. This is a secret so essential, so key, so basic to our well-being that I hope you will help me spread the word!
Opposites Attract. Opposites are complementary. The contradictory things that most folks believe defeat a project, destroy a dream, or invalidate a theory actually work together to make a whole. To put it another way
I Lost Weight. How I Lost It
Where Has All the Magic Gone?. One great sadness in my life is the seeming lack of magic that can, when tended, illuminate people from the inside. These are the people who, when we meet them, give out a real sense that here is someone doing justice to a life.
How To Find The Right Sneakers. More from Health.com
1-Minute Mini-Escape. I shot this video in Montego Bay, Jamaica. Join me for this one-minute Power Living Mini-Escape. To capture its power, say it out loud.
The Healthiest Salad Greens. \No matter what type it is, it's going to offer you some nutrition,\ says Rachel Berman, R.D., director of nutrition at caloriecount.com
The Science Behind Why What We Do Matters. Life is full of actions and reactions. This is what makes up the world around us from the trees we see, to the relationships that are kindled and to the babies that come from them. Every single thing we do matters.
How Venting Will Keep You Stuck. The problem is that venting is merely a way to get temporary relief. It doesn't teach patients how to get better.
Henry's Fight for Inclusion. Henry would like to attend the public school across the street from his home, but the school has denied him entry. The school told Henry they don't serve \students like Henry.\ Henry is autistic, non-speaking and communicates through a voice-activated iPad.
30 Things I Know About Health Now That I'm 30. There is a fundamental irony to writing a health-themed \things I've learned\ blog at the age of 30 when, medically speaking, I've been already been mature for more than half my life. Leaving my twenties is a cultural milestone rather than a biological one. And while it may seem glib to compare the two, there is an undeniable disconnect between our biological and social expectations for people, especially women.
Understanding Others. We can't possibly know what is going on inside someone else's head and thoughts -- even though we know someone really well. It's always better to check. And the best way to check is by asking questions.
Does This Cancer Make My Butt Look Big?. Whether Elsie dies from cancer or not, she has beaten it.  It has not beaten her.  She has seen her own mortality and embraced it.  She has allowed herself to be open and vulnerable and therefore closer to people she knows.
Big Tobacco Companies Resist Admissions Of Wrongdoing. Labels with the statements are set to run eventually in newspapers, on cigarette packaging and elsewhere. The dispute is
Vitamin C Protects Against Osteoporosis By Preventing Bone Loss, Mouse Study Shows. Plus, the mice that had their ovaries removed and took the vitamin C had similar bone mineral density levels as the mice
The Energy Around Us. Each and every one of us brings energy to our co-workers, loved ones, and even the stranger in line behind us at the grocery store. It would serve us all well to realize that the energy we radiate affects others' lives, and we need to be responsible for it.
FEARLESS MEMOIR. All I could think about was Daddy. Not the man who had held the gun, but the man who used to come into my room and tuck me in at night, the man who would talk to me until I fell asleep, the man who would help me in my times of worry and distress.
Laughing at Change. This year made me realize that I've accumulated a whole arsenal of wonderfully powerful tools and techniques that can help me through difficult times if I choose to use them. Things like prayer and faith, meditation and yoga, music, vitamins, love, persistence, honesty, communication, and trust.
How We Feel About Going To The Gym. Check out the different ways many of us relate to the gym in the slideshow below. Then, tell us in the comments section how
Breast Cancer Awareness Month. When I think back to the fear and uncertainty I felt after being diagnosed, I also think about all that I've learned from this experience. I've learned how something good can come out of something bad.
Why Music, Part 2B -- Music and the Brain. I find playing music to be one of my strongest personal therapies, not only from the state of being I can achieve while playing, but also from the energetic balancing and mood-enhancing effect on my mind, body and spirit throughout the day.
The Best And Worst Nut Butters. Find out if those almond butter sandwiches you've been eating are any good for you.
At Center Of Meningitis Scare, St. Thomas Hospital In Nashville Battles To Save Lives. The illness is believed to be linked to fungus contamination in some of the steroid shipped from NECC used mostly for epidural
Nestle And General Mills To Cut Sugar In Kids' Cereals Outside Of US. \The food industry is really focusing on reformulating products that they've always marketed to children, which are some
Troubled Sleep Linked With Another Heart Risk. Obstructive sleep apnea has been linked with cardiovascular disease, but it also may be linked with the deadliest type of
The Most Talked-About Diseases In The Media Are.... Note
Did Obamacare Help or Harm the Fungal Meningitis Outbreak Investigation in Tennessee?. As infectious disease doctors, we routinely care for patients with meningitis, but never have we treated a case of aspergillus meningitis, the type of fungal infection that has caused more than a dozen deaths and sickened nearly 200 people in Tennessee and other states.
Everybody Has Buddha Nature. While all humans feel ashamed of weakness and afraid of rejection, our Western culture is a breeding ground for the kind of shame and self-hatred the Dalai Lama couldn't comprehend.
FEARLESS MEMOIR. Daddy was going deeper and deeper into his own imaginary world -- a world where alcohol made him a man, gave him a sense of wealth, and provided him with something no human would ever be able to give him.
Store-Bought Pasta Options. Yes -- our pasta has evolved, and you can be certain that the pasta aisle in your store today has a lot more options than ever before! But new varieties bring a new level of confusion. Is your pasta really as healthy as you think it is, or are you being fooled by front-of-package claims?
Increase Your Core Strength and Flexibility With These 7 Abdominal Exercises. Increasing flexibility throughout your body can help keep your muscles at their peak as well as help prevent injuries. Everyone and anyone can benefit from increasing core stability and flexibility.
Power Breakfasts. Breakfast might just be the most important meal of the day, but all morning fuel is certainly not created equal. A powdered
Using Self-Fulfilling Prophecies To Your Advantage. A self-fulfilling prophecy is a belief that comes true because we are acting as if it is already true. New Agers call this
How Much Do You Care?. The next time you aren't taking into consideration the feelings of others, it's perfectly normal and okay. Just remember, the self-centered feeling within you is actually your custom-designed reminder that it's you that is off, not the world around you.
Meningitis Outbreak 2012. The rare fungal form of meningitis has killed 14 people in six states, with the first case reported in Texas on Friday. The
Scaring the Neighbors. I'm not advocating emotional anarchy where everyone feels free to express their emotions as soon as they experience them without any sort of filter -- there's a time and place for everything -- but presenting a false front that all is fine and dandy doesn't serve anyone.
Find Your North Star. Gazing at Polaris, I asked myself, \What's my North Star?\ One answer came to me immediately, and another just seconds later. Immediately I felt better, calmer and more resolved.
Keep the Change. Have you ever had the feeling there's a better version of you hiding somewhere deep inside, like a bird in a cage, just waiting to be set free?  Maybe your personal metaphor is the same as mine.  I've always thought of myself as a diamond in the rough.
23andMe and Me. A revolutionary biomedical phenomenon called \personal genomics\ is poised to fundamentally change how you think about your health and your family history.
Don't Let Stress Run Your Life!. When working the way it's meant to, stress can be very productive. But when stress is chronic, it isn't serving you and can really take a toll on your health, affecting sleep, mood, concentration, immune functioning and blood pressure as well as many other biological processes.
Embrace the Void and Live a Life of Passion, Joy and Fulfillment. The only way to be happy, healthy and whole is to face and deal with the voids you carry in your heart and soul. If something is missing, broken or empty inside of you, there is no person or thing that will fill it. Only you can heal yourself and close the voids.
Let Your Note Be Clear. The practice is to imagine yourself as an instrument through which the one blows a single, continuous, beautiful note called life. The wisdom of Rumi rings so profoundly simple
A Project a Day Saves My Sanity. Keeping busy is the key to me for having a healthy productive life. I now give myself a project every day, and when it's over I relax.  I don't have to report to anyone but myself.  Sometimes my projects are simple, sometimes not so simple.
Vitamin D Foods. Some people opt to take vitamin D supplements to reach the 600 International Units (IUs) recommended for most adults. (As
Overcoming a Dominant Thought, Situation, Behavior or Pattern. Once we assess a person's current balance point and determine counterbalance techniques that they agree to employ, measure and adjust, we can create a life map to take this person from \here\ to \there,\ wherever \there\ is for them.
Abraxane. Celgene, whose shares rose as much as 2.6 percent Friday morning, acquired Abraxane when it bought Abraxis BioScience in
Exercise Motivation Tips. Here at HuffPost Healthy Living, we make a big effort to stay in good shape. But just because you write about fitness for
7 Portions Of Fruits And Vegetables A Day Linked With Peak Well-Being. The study, which will be published in the journal Social Indicators Research, is based on the diets and well-being scores
I Lost Weight. It has been a lot of work, and a lot of sacrifice, but it has been the greatest accomplishment of my life. Losing 100 pounds
Pupil Response, Blink Rate Are Signs Of Sleepiness, Study Suggests. Looking at how a person's pupils are able to respond to stimuli -- how fast they respond, and to what degree -- in addition
Barbe Puro and New England Compounding Center. The lawsuit proposes a class comprised of Minnesota residents who received the possibly tainted injections since June this
Health Blog Roundup. When it comes to exercise, every little bit counts. That's why we're loving this nifty chart from FitSugar breaking down
The Number One Block to Prosperity and How to Overcome It. Sometimes people are offensive, and you can't control their behavior. But you can control how you respond to it. There are
Vegetarians Live Longer, Study Finds. Some vegetarians can be awfully superior about the health benefits of their plant-based diet. What they might not know is
The Latest Outlook On Alzheimer's Disease. What do you see unfolding over the next couple of decades? What are significant early warning signs of the disease? For example
Healing the Record of Our Soul's DNA. Like a musical note seeking union with the harmony of itself, the soul returns to human form, to earth, in order to heal and integrate into a more perfect remembrance of the divinity of love it already is.
Dogs, Owners May Swap Disease-Causing Oral Bacteria. Meanwhile, those bacterial species were a little less common in humans, but present nonetheless
What Really Helps Make Mindfulness Work. While mindfulness is a simple practice, it's not always so easy to practice it in our lives. Our mind pops up with reasons why we're too busy, skeptical or just unmotivated.
Diagnosing and Treating Fungal Meningitis. As the number of deaths from fungal meningitis mounts, many people want to know how fungal meningitis is diagnosed and treated.
An Inspirational Reminder This Fall. Relax and calm your anxieties. Stop pushing for things to happen. Stop worrying that things won't happen. Detach from the outcome you so vehemently hold on to. What will be, will be. Everything has its time and everything has its course.
The Company You (Don't) Keep. As you contemplate making a change, I invite you to find one or more people who will wholeheartedly be on your side. Then tell them what you are up to, and ask (out loud!) if they will help you through any rough spots.
My Most Memorable Breast Cancer Patient. I hate this disease because of what it did to Gloria and too many women worldwide. Until a cure is found, please learn and perform breast self-exam religiously and get a mammogram as prescribed by your doctor.
Cognitive-Behavioral Therapy for Adult ADHD. \Just like learning to play an instrument, or learning a new language, or developing a muscle, learning new habits of the mind requires continued practice.\
A Wave of Happiness. When surfing, you often wait for the wave to come, and then you ride it.  In our lives, the wonderful thing is that we can make that wave happen by engaging in what brings that about for us, making a habit of it by practicing riding our wave more often.
7 Ways to Jumpstart Your Fitness. When it comes to health and fitness, we all have to start somewhere. Hopefully you've already started, but if you haven't it can be a real battle getting into the habit of exercising and even harder taking the first step.
Teenage Yogis. Even more impressive than the power of yoga in this story is the fierce resiliency of these teens' spirits. Perhaps yoga and meditation awaken something in the human spirit that was always there, but which we lose sight of or neglect.
Finding Permanent Comfort in Times of Temporary Troubles. Be here. Be still; quietly remember the presence of and within yourself, and you will know, without thinking, that while all around you everything changes, within you lives something unchanging.
The Last Acceptable Prejudice in America. Prejudice against the obese is the last \acceptable\ prejudice in America. The overweight are treated differently. They're looked at differently. They're stared at, sneered at, and discriminated against.
Why I Love Running. Even as we are reduced to bib numbers and the singlet of our running club, and even as each race is an individual race with our own mind and body, there is something very social that happens once we get spread out across the course.
Finding Wisdom in Your Place of Power. You stand at the center of your own sacred circle. Your view to the horizon will change, you may find yourself in another hemisphere with different elements in each direction. But you will always be at the center of your own circle, your own life.
What To Say (Or Not To Say) To Someone With Breast Cancer. My intention with these suggestions is to acknowledge how breast cancer patients feel when (well-intended) things are said and to offer positive Silver Lined ways to interact with people who are coping with the dreaded disease.
Making Life Choices. One of our greatest gifts is our power of choice. But what happens when we don't know what to do?
Hot Yoga. During the group exercise class, you also work your internal organs, practitioners say. \By systematically compressing and
How Often Should I Exercise?. If I had a buck for every time I was asked this question, I'd be a rich man. It's a great question, and helps frame a conversation about what it means to be fit.
The Boys Who Bike for Breast Cancer. In \The Bicycle Diaries,\ I profiled Neil and Jesse, their mission and their motivation.  More than a month into their ride, and in honor of Breast Cancer Awareness month, I am providing an update on their journey.
Why Music, Part 2A -- Music and the Brain. Your personal playlist can become your personal toolkit for optimizing your mental and emotional state whenever you need it.
The Deluded Mantras of Addiction. Following are five key ways in which addiction experts demonstrate a detachment from the most self-evident truths about addiction, and what causes their addiction delusions.
What a Spirit Junkie Eats to Stay Happy and Healthy. People often ask me what I eat. Well, now's your chance to find out! In this video I share my Spirit Junkie tips for staying healthy and hot. I believe that what you eat not only fuels your body, but has a serious impact on your happiness.
Eczema Target Identified In New Study. But a new finding in mice from researchers at Boston Children's Hospital suggests there might be another treatment option
Parting Ways. To understand male-pattern hair loss, properly known as androgenic alopecia, one must understand the life cycle of a normal scalp full of hair.
Walking on the Right Side. As a Tai Chi teacher, I have met many people who hold their energy in their upper bodies. As we get older, it becomes more and more important to maintain stability in walking and turning by lowering our energy below the waist.
My Experience With Neuromyelitis Optica (NMO) and the Journey to Find a Cure. At first -- okay, for a while -- I was angry. This was not the way I'd planned spending my formative years, after all. But then I began to contemplate making peace with my enemy, strange as that sounds.
Be Wary! Workouts Are Not One Size Fits All. An exercise training program must continually build, constantly offering the body and muscles new challenges so as not to plateau, and to continue to rev up the metabolism and build stamina.  But how that is done is truly relative and specific to each client.
Health Care Reform. Historically, women have experienced discrimination in terms of their health despite making 80 percent of health care decisions for their families, using more medical services than men, and suffering greater disability from chronic disease.
A Simple Shift to Create Possibility. How often do you talk yourself out of even looking into something or checking out a possibility because of that voice inside your head saying things like \gee, they must get bombarded with things like this all the time,\ or \that's never going to work\?
Are Crunches The Best Ab Workout?. For more on fitness and exercise, click here. While it's tempting to roll out the exercise mat and crunch away, working out
Healthy Breakfast. The reasons to eat breakfast abound
Sound Of A Knife Against A Glass Bottle Is The Worst Sound Ever, Study Finds. But what is it about the way our brains process these sounds that make them so unbearable? Watch More News Videos at ABC
Are You Vending-Machine Soda Savvy?. You probably know that your favorite sodas, teas and other vending machine drinks aren't the healthiest, but are you aware
Mantras. That's where the morning mantra comes in. Mantras and affirmations are terrific tools to reroute your thoughts -- getting
10 Of The Best Health News Stories Ever. Between foods that are making us fat, the behaviors that are slowly killing us, the outbreaks and recalls and epidemics we
Gardening in Fall. All you need to have a successful fall/winter garden are some row covers, which are made from a very thin material that covers
Opana. Opana, a powerful opioid painkiller containing oxymorphone, is produced by Endo Pharmaceuticals. The disorder causes clots
Conversation With Masood Ali Khan and Sheela Bringi on 'Music and the Spirit'. How does music and sound affect the spirit? Be inspired by my conversation with Masood Ali Khan and Sheela Bringi on \Music and the Spirit.\
Touching Stillness. Most of the time, it feels incredibly hard to access any inkling of a state of calm, and this assumed difficulty means that most of us have given calm up for impossible. We simply don't know how to make the space for another way of being.
Hey Shame and Death, 'Go F@#% Yourself' -- An Interview With Dr. Arnie Kozak. A psychologist, author, mindfulness teacher and snowboarder, Dr. Kozak has been a great influence on my work, and I was honored to get a chance to interview him recently about fear, psychology and mindfulness.
What Gets in the Way of Your Exercise Routine?. To kick off their journey on \30 Days of Intent,\ Natalie and Iman visit celebrity trainer Holly Perkins for a lesson on fitness.  We interviewed Holly on her favorite fitness techniques and ways of maintaining an exercise routine.
Give Me My Adderall!. There's certainly a place for these medications in the treatment of ADD. But I think we've done too good a job of \selling\ ADD and Adderall as the answer to many teenagers who are in a normative struggle toward maturity.
Sleep And Memory. Previous research suggested that this critical memory-making process depends on the hippocampus, sometimes called the old
Beauty and the Beast. We humans are susceptible to the erroneous thought that we are separate entities.  This is not the truth, but we've contracted a case of amnesia in which we have fallen asleep and forgotten the truth of who we are.
A Misguided Mandate. I applaud Mayor Bloomberg's dedication and willingness to take a stand against opponents to the ban and all the name calling criticism he has received. At the same time, banning supersize soda alone misses the point.
Hear With Your Heart. Since what is resisted persists, acceptance of \what is\ helped remove the actual source of discomfort
WATCH. It has been said that the extent to which we are not experiencing what we want is the extent to which we are resisting it.  And as we explored in the last video, resistance comes from fear.
Footsteps of Fate. How many people do we all know, including of course ourselves, who eat and drink too much of the wrong things and, despite modern medicine, have gotten heavy and out of control? Too many, for sure!
Fearless Stage Fright. I always have, even back when I taught college composition, but I like a challenge. That's what I told myself when I submitted to Expressing Motherhood, a stage show in which about a dozen performers deliver their own stories about being and having mothers.
6 Surprising Signs You Need More Sleep. In fact, about a third of American workers, or roughly 40.6 million adults, get fewer than six hours of sleep each night
Amputation, Impotence, Painful Dentistry. The Real Bears is an animated short film we produced in order to tell the truth about Big Soda. Jason Mraz was kind enough to write and record an original song just for this project.  We may not have the big budgets that Coke and Pepsi have, but we do have the truth.
Why Do You Want To Be in a Relationship?. When two people come together because they want to learn together, grow together, heal together, share their time and companionship, and share their love and passion, they have a good chance of creating a lasting, loving relationship.
Breast Cancer Prevention Foods. We all know that cancer isn't caused by any one factor. Instead, a collection of influences -- genetics, environmental exposure
New Eating Disorder Book Helps Young Girl. Recently, a woman called me to tell me how her daughter was doing great recovering from an eating disorder with the help of a book called 8 Keys to Recovery from an Eating Disorder, by Carolyn Costin. The woman wanted me to pass the news along to the author.
Oral Hygiene Habits of the Interesting. \I've worked with foreign forces on their bases where the only water they had was a thread-thin trickle of cold water from a shower head. Needless to say, a shower took a very long time... but we still took them.\
Understanding Others. Your mission for today is to focus on being present to every single conversation you have with every single person -- no matter how long it takes.
Your Personal Brand and Your Personal Style Are Inextricably Linked. Taking care of your personal style is integral to authentically communicating your \personal brand\ and doing so as if you are proud of it. When we neglect our \outer brand,\ that's to say, our attire, grooming and physical appearance, we come across as unprofessional.
The Trouble With Happiness. The trouble with happiness, as I see it, has to do with happiness as a goal whose urgency of achievement can overwhelm shades of feeling that are necessary for growth.
Eldercare. Physical therapist Joe Gallagher's patient, a former New York Giants football player now in his 80s, was lying on the floor, stretching to regain flexibility after two total knee replacements. Progress was slow and painful, so Joe went to a reliable resource in his PT toolbox
'When I Watch Myself on Television Now ... It Makes Everything Feel Like It Was Worth It'. I had to deal with a problem that many Americans face
Exercise Intensity Matters More Than Duration For Lowering Metabolic Syndrome Risk. What's the best way to exercise to protect the heart? A new study suggests it may matter more how intense the exercise is
Laid Off? Got a Job Interview? It Might Do a Lot of Good to Journal. Pennebaker's work certainly speaks to the power of journaling. But for me, the power of writing extends beyond journaling to any kind of writing that speaks to my soul.
Meningitis Outbreak Linked To Steroid Injections Prompts Call For Tighter Drug Rules. The New Jersey Department of Health said a 70-year-old Cumberland County man was hospitalized with apparent fungal meningitis
The End Of Sexism. The point of David Brooks's column was that women might be better at adapting than men. I had just told my whole leadership
Cause for Concern. Depression knocked at my door as cancer exited.
The HPV and Cancer Stats You Can't Afford to Ignore. The scary truth is that many women don't know they have HPV. You may believe you aren't at risk anymore if you're married or in a monogamous relationship. This simply isn't true.
Sacrificing Sleep for Study Time Doesn't Make the Grade. Researchers found that opting to delay bedtime in favor of studying was linked to an increased risk of both types of academic difficulty. And this was true regardless of the total amount of students' study time.
8 Essential Weight-Loss Hormones. By Mike Roussell, Ph.D. for Shape.com Optimize your body\u2019s secret weight-loss weapons. More from Shape.com
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (Oct. 10 - 17). Many people dwell on defects in relationships; their brains seem wired to repeat unfortunate patterns. With this same dwelling attention focused on healthy solutions, we can rewire our psychological patterns in order to receive and share healthy sexual love in the present.
Travel Travails (Not) of a Sleep Doctor. 3. Caffeine can be your next best friend while traveling across time zones. Utilize your friendship judiciously.
The 7 Best Natural Cold and Flu Prevention Tips. 1. Stay heart-healthy. It is really that simple folks
Bloody Aftermath of the Diet Wars. Not only is there major disagreement over the amount (and type) of protein we should be eating, but there's wild disagreement over the role of fat, the importance of carbs, the value of exercise, the need for calorie counting, and just about anything else you can think of.
Eliminating Anger by Changing Your Views. Lojong is Tibetan for \mind training,\ and this type of meditation is very effective as a tool for changing the world we perceive. In this blog, I am going to explain some of the ideas to contemplate in lojong practice in order to change the views that cause you to become angry.
The Two Breaths. This reflection comes from a conversation with a gifted photographer I met. His story helped confirm for me that we live a life in every breath.
Life After Chemo or Radiation. Twenty-seven years have passed, and I'm still enjoying the miracle of being alive every day. I contribute it to a healthier lifestyle and organizing my priorities in life. I learned that accumulating possessions at our health expense are only useless.
I Am, Therefore I Think. In not knowing, just for a moment, you can directly discover yourself. This discovery does not arrive by thought, but by your own immediate direct experience. What is here, before every thought, after every thought and during every thought?
Two Ways to Help Relieve Fibromyalgia. There is no definitive test for fibromyalgia, making it difficult to diagnose and treat. The exact cause of fibromyalgia is currently unknown. Current research reports that two mind-body exercises, yoga and tai chi, can help relieve fibromyalgia.
Meningitis Scare. It will be interesting to see if the current meningitis crisis prompts the federal government to take a fresh look at the rules and regulations governing compounding pharmacies.
The Flaw With the Law of Attraction. It's actually our understanding of how the law of attraction works that is flawed, rather than the law itself.  It is true that we attract at the level of our own vibration and that are our thoughts and words are extremely magnetic.
The Power of No. It's easy to believe that any time you take to relax or meditate is time that could be used elsewhere. But taking time out doesn't mean it is selfish or even wasted time.
Tomatoes And 7 Other Foods That Lower Stroke Risk. And when the researchers analyzed strokes that were caused solely by blood clots, they found that the men who had the highest
Fall Is Here, So Let's Kick It Up a Gear! (Part 2). Over the next four weeks I'm going to give you a choice
Doctors Practice Healthy Behaviors More Often Than The Rest Of Us, Study Suggests. - Sixty-six percent of doctors said that they \ate healthy all day yesterday,\ compared with 59 percent of nurses and 62
What Does It Mean to Be Resilient?. In this video, Kripalu Healthy Living faculty member Maria Sirois, PsyD, shares her wisdom on the topic of resiliency and suggests ways to cultivate it in your daily life. Are you resilient? What does it mean to you to be flexible?
Fix Your Form. If you don't know your way around a weight room, heading to the gym can be intimidating -- and even dangerous. But paying
When Death Knocks. I admit, I'm a bit obsessed with death. I want to know what happens, I have a desire to understand the unknown because I've
You're What Kind of Doctor?. \Wait, you're what kind of doctor? A nat-uro-pathic doctor? What's that?\ I get this question all the time. It's not so surprising when it comes from someone I meet in a coffee shop or on an airplane, but I still hear it from other doctors, too.
Feeling Like a Fraud? Fearlessly Embrace and Own All the Good! (VIDEO). Have you ever thought
Moments of Love. I understand that as time goes on and lives progress, moments long gone are indeed long gone.  But I believe we should be able to hold those in our hearts and hope that someday, somewhere, we can feel that way again with another human being.
Lots of Tears With Less Than a Few Months to Live. Three weeks ago I was walking in Cape Town, South Africa and three weeks later I was told I will be dead within weeks to a month or so. Life leaves us all with a lot of questions, but I know I don't blame anyone.
How to Attract Positive People in Your Life. Are you longing for relationships that do your heart good and generate stronger connections? Tired of poor choices? Tepid chemistry? Want a more commanding role in who you attract?
I Lost Weight. Breaking Point
Why We Put Happiness On Hold (And How To Stop Doing That). We've all done it
3 Ways to Increase Your Focus During Meditation. It can be hard to quiet our thoughts, whatever we're doing, despite our best intentions -- whether we're in a class, in a meeting, behind the wheel, or even sitting in silence. (Sometimes especially when we are trying to sit silently!)
Do Food Cravings Indicate Nutritional Deficiency?. So how can you fight the intense cravings you'd rather give up? One recent study found that a morning workout reduced cravings
Can You Be Unconsciously Creative?. Deliberate conscious thought involves both divergent and convergent processes.  You are reminded of things you know about that might help you to solve the problem, and then you evaluate those ideas and focus on the ones you like.
Does America Really Want Change?. The real problem is that the big dollar incentives don't line up. The folks with the most skin in the game (insurance and pharmaceutical companies, hospitals and large medical associations) profit dearly from the status quo. More care equals more money.
To Fight Breast Cancer, Ribbons Should Mean Carcinogen-Free. This year, the Breast Cancer Fund's \Prevention is Power\ campaign is designed to take consumers beyond pink ribbons and toward understanding how to reduce toxic chemical exposures that are linked to the disease.
Fearless Living Boot Camp, Day 29 (VIDEO). In the past month, 600 Boot Campers (including myself) had the courage to earn a whopping 19,267 fearless points. That's a lot of individual acts of fearlessness!
Pull Up -- Shoulder Width. Return to the starting position by slowly lowering your chest away from the bar until your arms are fully extended. Grab
Rotational Lift -- Half Kneeling. Reverse the motion until your arms are fully extended towards the pulley station. Pull the handle to your chest and continue
Swings -- Kettlebell -- Two-Handed. Stand in front of a kettlebell with your legs shoulder width apart. There should be a soft bend in your knees. Now reverse
Lateral Raise -- Dumbbell -- Neutral Grip. Stand tall with your chest up and a soft bend in the knees. Hold a pair of dumbbells at your side with your palms facing
Lateral Squat -- Dumbbells. As you descend into the lateral squat let the dumbbells travel with you, keeping them close to your body and under your shoulders
Triceps Pressdown -- High Pulley -- Rope Handle. Attach a rope to a high pulley of a cable station. Press the rope down toward the floor while spreading your hands apart
Some Expired Medications May Still Be Effective, Study Finds. \When the average reader reads this, the take-home message is not, 'Your expired medications are safe to take,'\ warned Cantrell
Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplements Studied To See If They Curbs Veterans' Suicide Risk. \It doesn't taste like medicine at all,\ he said. \Here you have a very cheap intervention with very few side effects that
12 Elegant Guidelines That Heal From the Heart. After decades of exploring the human potential movement and studying many methods of its gurus, I now believe that I have garnered enough information, instruction and experience to edit it all down to some simple guidelines that have proven invaluable to me.
Emotional Affairs, Got One?. Most couples dealing with the aftermath of an affair express sexual affairs not involving emotional attachments are easier to overcome than those which have involved the betrayal of emotions. After all, this intimacy and trust are the heart of relationship.
Meditation Could Improve Empathy, Study Suggests. Meditation could help people to be more empathetic, according to a small new study from Emory University. Then, 13 study
Creatine for Anti-Aging?. Creatine has been widely used as a sports and exercise supplement since 1992. Numerous studies over 20 years have shown that it is one of the few sports supplements that actually works and is completely safe for healthy adults.
Step Up -- Dumbbells. Grab a pair of dumbbells at your sides, with your arms straight and your palms facing toward each other. Lower yourself down
8 Scary Things Lurking In Our Food. The bright yellow pineapple and the red cherries found in the canned fruit you eat might appear to be natural, but those
9 Ways To Knock Out Those Nighttime Munchies. As a registered dietitian, \Step away from the kitchen\ isn't something I like to say often. Actually, I prefer for people
Why I'm Not Impatient For the Light to Change. I don't remember who first told me life is short, but it obviously made an impression. Maybe my grandmother, who guessed I didn't think I'd ever be as old as her -- and she was younger than I am now when she told me. Remembering that has made all the difference.
Yoga. Zabie Khorakiwala has managed UC Irvine's violence prevention programs for the past two years and became dedicated to providing survivors of sexual trauma with tangible ways to heal.
What To Eat To Get A Good Night's Sleep. Thanks to popular culture (not to mention that infamous \Seinfeld\ episode), many of us still believe certain foods -- like
Inverted Row -- Pronated Grip. Reverse the motion by slowly lowering your body, keeping your chest up, body flat, and shoulders back and down until your
The Three Ps of Running Shoes. We're all different -- in the way we speak, the way we think, and unsurprisingly, the way we run.  Thus, when determining the optimal running shoe, it's imperative to consider your Three Ps
Insomnia Costs $31.1 Billion In Workplace Errors And Accidents Each Year. Plus, they found that 7.2 percent of workplace errors were linked with insomnia, as well as 23.7 percent of costs incurred
Bringing Alive Renewal and Rejuvenation. Discovering, or more accurately, rediscovering our natural talents is what I call Natural Temperament. By reconnecting with our unique gifts, we re-teach ourselves to trust our instincts of imagination, curiosity, and resourcefulness.
FEARLESS MEMOIR. I kept thinking about what had happened. Daddy had tried to kill Matthew and Mark, and we had kicked him out of the camper and left him in Canada. I'd been left behind once and had had to walk home. What if Daddy had to walk all the way to South Carolina?
A Reinvented Meal. If I were to ask, \When is the best time to relax?\ you'd probably say, \When you're feeling stressed.\ True, that would be the best time to intervene with relaxation. But when is the best time to utilize relaxation in all its calming potency? The answer may surprise you
Get Support. No one can be fearless alone. Without support -- without having an \accountability buddy\ -- neither you nor I will ever reach the potential within us that is just waiting to burst forth.
Pregnancy Fitness. On \getting your body back\
Make Me Laugh. If you had to make a list of all the things that made you want to be with the people you have chosen in your life, what would be on it? Is it that they are good-looking, know all the best places to go, are they super smart or really generous, is it physical chemistry?
Why I Don't Love Surfing, But Am Awfully Glad I Tried. People gushed when I said I was going to Costa Rica for three months in 2007 to write, do yoga, and learn how to surf -- especially about the surfing part. \Oh my God, you're going to love it! You're going to get addicted! Surfing is the most amazing sport ever!\
Me, My Boob, And I. Will I ever take my health for granted again?  No. That's why I get nervous every six months when I have my regular boobal check-ups and why I see my doctors whenever anything feels the slightest bit wonky.
Mindfulness in the Modern World. Jon Kabat-Zinn, founder of Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction (MBSR), talks about the present moment and the \thousand-year view\ with Omega.
Chewing Ability Linked With Cognitive Impairment Risk In The Elderly. \Whether elderly persons chew with natural teeth or prostheses may not contribute significantly to cognitive impairment as
Fading Away. She looked at me and asked if I had anything to say. It all came out at once; I burst into tears, unable to speak. She apologized for the years she was hard on me, saying she only wanted me to be successful. It didn't matter what words she used. I understood her meaning, and forgave her.
FEARLESS MEMOIR. We were rocking out as we pulled up to the United States border. And then I was suddenly afraid. Daddy wasn't with us, it was after midnight, and our leaving at this hour was, to my mind, a little suspicious.
5 Steps to Avoid Burnout. It's important to realize that most of us have multiple stressors in our life, and tackling them all at once can be overwhelming and counterproductive. Instead, start with one big stressor or several smaller stressors and test the waters.
Super Soul Sunday. Feeling ashamed of my vanity left me hating myself when indeed there was never a time I needed more of my love and acceptance. I realize now that I was so ashamed that I never mentioned it to Oprah or to the producers that so lovingly wanted to talk about a very difficult subject.
Feel Better Fast. Unless you are aware of how you feel, you can't choose something different. And choose something different you must. When your feelings aren't supporting where you want to go, you must be willing to put them aside and move forward.
Fall Activities. Are darker days and cooler temperatures discouraging you from getting a good workout? All calorie counts are estimates based
Boredom. Three
A Meditation for Releasing Inner Conflict. I just finished the first 56 hours of my Kundalini teacher training and I was inspired to vlog about the importance of a committed spiritual practice. In this video I offer you a Kundalini meditation called \Inner Conflict Resolver Reflex.\
The Top 10 Workout Songs For October. This month's top 10 list should have a little something for everybody.  It's got a song you hear everywhere (from PSY), a comeback single (from Christina Aguilera), and a wildcard country track (from Dierks Bentley). Here's the full list, according to a poll on Run Hundred.
Access to What Kind of Health Care?. In directing ESCAPE FIRE
Conversation With Elena Brower on 'The Art of Attention'. Where are you focusing your attention? How would you benefit from more focus? Be inspired by my conversation with Elena Brower on \The Art of Attention.\
5 Things My Dog Made Me Learn the Hard Way. Have you ever eaten chocolate cake in front of a dog? They give you Those Eyes. They beg, plead, cajole, and tug at your
14 Quotes to Inspire You. Inspiration can come from many places. Often, it's something simple that catches your eye and your curiosity, sparking new thinking or a flash of insight.  Quotes have long been a source of inspiration for this reason.
Fearless Living Boot Camp Challenge, Day 26 (VIDEO). Over 20 years ago, I gave up something that ran my life. Some people might call it an \addiction\; others call it a \nasty habit.\ Whatever you want to call it, I'm talking about something that you believe you need in order to be okay.
Some Con-Text. Can the language of texting really affect our perception of the world? Linguists know there is a correlation between language and how and what we perceive.
Sway to the Rhythm of Love. When I become scared or confused navigating the labyrinth of life, I take myself back to that space-time when I felt whole and become free once more.
Exposure To Kids Raises Risk Of Cold Symptoms Among Lung Disease Patients. For every parent who's suspected that their kids' germs are super-powerful when it comes to making people sick, here's a
The Art of Receiving Is Different From the Act of Taking. I think we could all learn something significant from dogs regarding the nature of not just giving, but receiving. There seems to sufficient conversation around the need to be a good giver, and appropriately so, but there is little talk about the other end of the stick.
Growing Up Unworthy. Our most habitual and compelling feelings and thoughts define the core of who we think we are. If we are caught in the trance of unworthiness, we experience that core as flawed.
Lark Voorhies And 11 Other Celebrities Living With Bipolar. Here are some of the celebrities who have confirmed their diagnoses. For more on mental health, click here. People with the
Creating an Inner Coach That Supports Resilience and Self-Confidence. Now that it's fall and we're clearing out our summer clothes for what feels good to wear in the new season, let's clear out our negative self-thoughts and only wear words that contribute to our self-esteem.
The Power of Positive Thinking. By embracing an optimistic approach, you are able to tackle tough situations productively and with a solution-oriented mindset. By weaving optimism into your attitude, your ability to cope with challenges may increase.
What Are Those Prescription Drugs Doing in Your Body, Anyway?. If you do need to take prescription meds, understand as much as you can about them before you ingest them.
We Tried It. Despite finding my feet frequently tangled in my rope, I was sweating and breathing hard just 10 or so minutes in, along with the regulars who were spread out across the basketball court.
I Lost Weight. Since losing the weight, and finding this new passion for life, I have influenced life changes in many people. They tell
Teens' Sleep Quality Linked With Heart Disease Risk. Teens who didn't get a lot of sleep each night were also more likely to have a higher BMI than teens who got a lot of sleep
7 Simple Resilience Strategies for Busy, Stressful Lives. Resilience is a popular buzzword, but what really is resilience?  Most people are able to define it as the ability to bounce back from adversity, but few realize that resilience is made up of a number of different skills and abilities.
What's Perfect for You?. If you've begun to make a lifestyle change -- a new diet, exercise routine, stress reduction activity, or anything else -- consider that there will be times when you may need or want to get off your lifestyle wagon.
8 Impressive Health Benefits Of Pumpkin. Pumpkin bread, pumpkin ravioli, pumpkin pie, pumpkin risotto, pumpkin beer -- the options are endless, and endlessly mouthwatering
Exercise After Stroke Could Help Improve Memory. For more ways exercise can help your noggin, click through the slideshow
Health Blog Roundup. The periodic injury or health problem inevitably sidelines us all from exercise at one point or another -- it's how we handle
Better Living Through Empathy. Changing the conversation about mental health means making care for mental health as matter of fact as going to get treatment for asthma or a broken leg. What good sense that makes. But even those of us who aren't currently suffering from mental health problems stand to gain.
Aspergillus Meningitis. Bacterial meningitis can be contagious, but it's usually not as easily transmissible as something like a cold or the flu
Courage and Fear Are Brothers. By choosing to quit your job and pursue your passion, you are not denying that fear exists, you're merely stating that your own fulfillment is more important than any fear.
InsightLA. This fall, InsightLA celebrates its 10th anniversary -- a decade during which Trudy and an ever-growing band of colleagues have helped change the lives of thousands of Angelenos.
Can Food Save You From Breast Cancer?. Eat like your life depends on it. So say the authors of a recently-published book, The Whole Food Guide for Breast Cancer Survivors. Here is a must-have book for all women who have been through breast cancer and want to thrive, not just survive.
Fear Less, Love More. MeiMei Fox is one of those people who can work a 12-hour day, go home to meditate and do yoga, then party all night, and get up and do it again the next day. Her mantra is \fear less, love more,\ so naturally I had to interview her for The Fear Project.
Getting Over Your Fear of Public Speaking. Americans fear public speaking more than death and rattlesnakes, statistics tell us, but in my years helping clients successfully overcome that fear using EFT tapping, I've discovered that the fear of public speaking has several faces.
Which Love Language Do You Speak?. When it comes to love, there is more than one language.  And it is the inability to speak each other's language that causes much of the strife in marriages and other close or familial relationships.
What Are the 5 Universal Laws That Initiate Manifestation of Our Desires?. The universe is nothing but the self curving within itself to experience itself as spirit, mind, and matter. Consciousness in motion expresses itself as the matter of the universe -- our life situations.  The source of all creation is the spirit.
The Cures. When cancer knocks on our body, we become refugees within our own selves. Forces stronger then we can control seem to guide our being toward death.
Reverse Zoonosis. Oregon State University researchers are investigating these rare cases of \reverse zoonosis\ -- where humans pass on illnesses
Sowing Smaller Government, Reaping... Salmonella?. \Smaller government\ makes a swell sound bite, because it sounds like standing up against waste, inefficiency, and the quagmire of bureaucracy.  But in the course of political harangues where sound bites prevail, it's often hard to tell exactly who is apt to get bitten.
Bhutan Organic. In the United States, in order for a product to be considered \organic\ it must be officially certified by the United States
Prevnar Pneumonia Vaccine May Also Protect Ages 18 To 49, Trial Suggests. The vaccine, Prevnar 13, which already has $3.5 billion in annual sales from it use by those over age 50 and under age five
Happy Oktoberfest! Tapping Into The Health Benefits Of Beer. Wish you could be at Oktoberfest? Even if you can\u2019t make it to the epic annual beer bash in Munich, Germany, that doesn\u2019t
Manhattan Nutritionist Opens Up. \Much of my job is like being a therapist,\ says a Manhattan-based nutritionist of her practice. Read more on jobs.aol.com
Breast Cancer Research. October marks Breast Cancer Awareness Month -- and we're taking the time to look at some of the biggest research findings
Getting the Lowdown on Your Metabolism. Have you worked out every single day since Labor Day, eaten a healthy, well-proportioned diet and still haven't lost a pound? There are two things I want you to know
Sahara Davenport. Right-sided heart failure, on the other hand, occurs when the heart is unable to pump adequate blood to the lungs. This form
How to Get 'It' When You Don't Feel Like 'It'. IT lives in posITive people. Optimism is contagious and we can draw on the positivity of someone else when we're not feeling
Surprising Foods That Boost Metabolism. \Surprising Foods That Fight Fat\ originally appeared on Health.com. More from Health.com
3 Steps to Overcoming Your Self-Doubts. I have been a faithful follower of and participant in Rhonda Britten's Fearless Living Boot Camp for the last two weeks. Although I feel I've made some progress, I also feel like something has been holding me back.
The Beauty of Questions. When used properly, questions have the potential to connect us to the world of another. A heartfelt \How are you?\ or \How was your day?\ can become the bridge that keeps us in relationship to the lives of those we love.
It's a Dog's Life. What if you went through today -- one day -- living your life the way a dog sees it? Thrilled to go for a short walk, ecstatic over meeting another dog, happy as can be just to feel someone's touch, playing with the simplest toys.
My Mother's Ghost. It's the third time in an hour that my mom has called and now we're in the middle of dinner, so I tell the kids that I'll call her back, but I really don't want to.  My mother has been in an assisted living community for a year and her Alzheimer's-induced dementia has steadily spirited her away.
How to Fearlessly Pick Up a Man or a Woman. One of the most common issues I see from men and women in my practice is fear of approaching someone they are interested in asking out on a date.
Sit Less, Stand More. Where do you fall on the sitting spectrum? This study classified low levels of sitting time as under three hours a day, moderate levels of sitting time as three to eight hours, and high levels of sitting as more than eight hours of sitting each day.
Are You Lonely in Your Relationship?. Loneliness goes away when we connect with each other from our hearts. Disconnection occurs anytime one partner closes his or her heart to protect or control.
I'm Excited About Turning 30, and Here's Why. To me, the more experiences we accumulate, the greater clarity we can have about the life we really want to live. If each day, we take just one bold step towards what we truly want, eventually it is possible to create the life of our dreams.
Surgery Tips. When a medical procedure is absolutely necessary, of course you're going to do everything in your power to make sure the
The Top 10 Ways to Discover Your Unique Gift. Everyone has something unique to offer. Give yourself the opportunity to find it.  A fulfilling life will emerge from a conscientious approach to living and sharing what is in your talent DNA.
Are These 3 Nutritional Assumptions Leading You Astray?. In the world of nutrition, some assumptions can easily lull you into a false sense of security.\u00a0 Here are the three I've encountered most often in my nutrition practice that, once addressed, can greatly improve your health.
Soul Songs. Last weekend, we shared 14 soul-soothing songs
Tits On a Boar. With those words, I joined the elite ranks of the 1 percenters. Alas, not those who've been the focus of the Occupy Wall Street movement. No such luck on my part. No, I am among that small group of breast cancer patients who happen to pee standing up.
Fearless Living Boot Camp, Day 25 (VIDEO). Do you ever wake up on the wrong side of the bed? What about being in a grumpy mood for apparently no reason? I know. Me too! And I hate it. It feels like the day is out of my control and it's just gonna suck. Well, I've got a quick and easy solution that will put some happy in your step.
Working Overtime May Increase Risk of Obesity. Overwork and little sleep can affect every aspect of our lives, from relationships, job performance and daily wellbeing to our fundamental health. A new study suggests that difficult and demanding work schedules also can contribute to obesity.
Student Artwork. Care to contribute? Email us at gps@huffingtonpost.com with a photo of your soulful artwork, the title and a short description
What's Good for Your Health Is Good for the Planet!. The good news is that more and more people are starting to see these connections and study them. The bad news is
MK-3102. \We think this is going to be a very attractive choice for patients who have a high pill burden. Any attempt to simplify
Mambalgins, Compound From Super-Toxic Black Mamba Snake Venom, Could Yield New Painkillers. A bite from the black mamba snake (Dendroaspis polylepis) can kill an adult human within 20 minutes. But mixed in with that
Bipolar Disorder. \There are things that have traumatized her,\ Voorhies's mom, Tricia, told the publication (Tricia and Lark live in the same
Peeking at Doctors' Notes Helps Patients. Now what's called the OpenNotes program has tested the not-so-radical idea of giving thousands of patients optional access
Supplements Make False, Dangerous Claims, Feds Say. Dieters beware
I Lost Weight. For more on weight loss, click here. Now, I exercise five days a week, which includes weight lifting and cardio machines
11 Ways To Exercise With Your Pet. Written by the Pet Experts at Vetstreet Exercise for pets can be as basic as batting a small toy or as complex as completing
Sleep Deprivation Linked With Insulin Resistance In Teens. The new study included 245 healthy teenagers of white and African-American race. Researchers drew blood from the teens at
Choosing Between Good Mood and Bad Weight. People who become obese in association with their antidepressant or bipolar disorder treatment are not like others who struggle with eating issues all their adult life. Many of them had been thin before drug treatment; they had healthy habits.
Neck Cracking, Dangerous? Spinal Manipulation May Increase Risk Of Stroke. Although the practice, which is most popular among chiropractors (the commentary dealt specifically with professional manipulations
Too Much Sitting Linked With Chronic Kidney Disease Risk. \While this study confirms the growing body of literature that supports a link between lifestyle factors and the development
How to Talk With Children About a Breast Cancer Diagnosis. Including children (of all ages!) in the disease process and treatments, though emotionally burdensome and painful, will ultimately be the greatest gift parents can give their children.
Genetics and Personalized Drug Therapy of Hypertension. Unlike the treatment of cancer, the future of personalized drug selection in treating hypertension is not likely to result from filling in a genetic map. It lies instead in understanding better, and making better use of, the clinical clues that can guide us.
Therapeutic Yoga. For the next 2.5 hours, which passed way too quickly, Cheri and Arturo Peal, her teaching partner, took us through a series of poses accompanied by energy work, meditation and breath work. I left feeling so good -- relaxed, restored, and maybe just a little drunk on yoga.
On Rebirth. Each pregnancy is different. For me this one in particular has been about unweaving and sweeping out some of the most nagging and difficult thought patterns and threads of my early life.
Fearless Living Boot Camp, Day 24 (VIDEO). Let's start using one of the most valuable words in the world
Food Packaging Labels. Confused by food labels? You aren't alone. Walking along the aisles of a supermarket, it can seem impossible to tell the
7 Simple Tips To Be Your Best Self. I recently ventured into the heart of Brazil to visit a spiritual healer in Abadiania Goias. I spent two weeks doing nothing
The Fear Factor. I am a new adventurer in fearlessness, but this insight allows me perspective enough to say that I was wrong to expect ease throughout life; I was wrong to reject opportunities because I was scared of what other people may think, or because they didn't look exactly as I had dreamed they would.
Wave Goodbye to Overwhelm. Access your place of power when the juggling begins to feel out of hand.  Tasks or roles that start to feel like just \going through the motions\ can feel more meaningful or important when you are confronting them as your optimal and most present self.
Recalculating Route. I don't know about you, but my GPS system has taken me off-route sometimes to some pretty crazy places.  When I go off onto those dark roads that just don't seem quite right, I actually defy my GPS and force it to recalculate my route.  The same is true in my life.
National Day Without Stigma. This Oct. 9, in honor of Mental Health Awareness Week, Active Minds chapters across the country will gather on their campuses for National Day Without Stigma.
Our 5-Hour, $10,000 Visit to the ER. It's easy, when you have a degree of financial security, to have a real disconnect from the financial challenges that so many Americans face today. Yet our ER experience brought those challenges into sharp relief for me, and the impression wasn't pleasant.
Change Is Easier Than You Think. We all want to change something. Most of us have tried and had either fleeting success or chalked up a failure. The way we think about change is the problem. In this arena (unlike most), we think too much. We usually think our way to keeping things exactly as they are.
Do You Promise to Keep the Dirty Little Secret of My Daily Workouts?. One thing still frightens me to this day. Something that, if revealed, would absolutely get me into trouble with my current gym's hardcore clientele. And that, my friends, is what I'm about to confess... My iPod has a few Miley Cyrus/Hannah Montana tunes on it.
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (Oct. 2-9). Many people dwell on defects in relationships; their brains seem wired to repeat unfortunate patterns. With this same dwelling attention focused on healthy solutions, we can rewire our psychological patterns in order to receive and share healthy sexual love in the present.
Comforting Hot and Sour Soup (Vegan-, Oil-, Wheat- and Gluten-Free). I find this type of soup a welcome respite, a warm and soothing combination of vegetables and thickened broth packed with powerful nutrients, without a ton of fat calories.
Playing With Bubbles. Our to-do lists may not always be as carefree as a game chasing bubbles, but it certainly does not have to overwhelm us if we know how to approach things.  There are four things we need to do to keep this game running smoothly.
A Place Where Happiness Is Truly Supreme. Given the current economic difficulties many people are facing, perhaps this is the perfect time to reassess what gives you happiness and how you express it -- to reconnect with the inner joy that made you either skip or run when you were younger -- for it is easy to forget to be happy
What Is Health For?. Health readily takes on moral overtones. Those who have it can seem bossy, or boastful, or self-righteous.  All of this goes away, I think, when we recognize that health is just a currency.  Like any other, it takes some work to acquire it -- but when you do, you can spend it as you see fit.
7 October Superfoods. One of our favorite reasons to smile this season is the abundance of fresh, colorful and did-we-mention delicious fall produce
Toxic Shampoo. Good information translates into good choices. Pay close attention to ingredient lists, research anything that troubles
Abraxane. If approved, Abraxane would compete with products such as Bristol-Myers Squibb's Yervoy, known also as ipilimumab, and Roche
Science Isn't Magic (It's Better!), Doctors Aren't Omniscient (They're Human!). You get a valuable sense of control over your body by understanding your body. Do this, and you can make your doctor a partner in your health care -- not your guru. It just may improve your health care, and is bound to improve your health.
Vitamin D No Help For Colds, Study Suggests. Also, past research has suggested that vitamin D supplementation among children who are deficient in the vitamin could help
Jakub Halik, Czech Man, Has Lived Without A Real Heart For Six Months (PHOTO). So, a Czech medical team, led by cardiologist Jan Pirk, decided to replace the organ with two mechanical pumps. The operation
'Pretty' Food Gives Your Health a Boost. A diet rich in color derived from fruits and vegetables arms you with the many different vitamins, minerals and other substances that can keep you healthy.
Are You Holding Your Weights Wrong?. If, during your workout, you're gripping your hand weights like the car steering wheel during a blizzard, then you're probably
Cling Less, Love More. Clinging is different from healthy desire, where we have wholesome values, aims, purposes, aspiration, and commitments -- without being attached to the results.
Seeking. That which is seen in that which is sought is one and the same as that which is seeing.  That which is seen can only ever be seen by itself. If that which is seen by you was not awake in you, you would not be able to see, hear, or recognize what you see.
Andropause. In 1944, researchers Carl Heller and Gordon Myers identified symptoms of what they termed \male climacteric,\ another word for menopause; these included loss of libido, depression, inability to concentrate, and sometimes hot flashes.
Obesity, Repression, and Addiction. I began working with NET for the sole purpose of finding out why I had been unable to remove and keep off my excess body weight.  Essentially, what I found was that the repression of emotions is a survival mechanism held in place through addiction.
Fix Your Form. The Faux Pas
5 Ways to Start Losing Weight Tomorrow. Nothing in this world feels as good as improving your health on your own. These five suggestions will help you lose weight, get healthier and feel better in a sustainable and (in retrospect) fairly simple way.
Deep Clean Your Pores. Fall is the time to take a deep breath and clean up our act. It is imperative to prepare skin for the harsh winter, to make sure it survives looking luscious, hydrated and healthy. Detoxing is the key to preparing your skin to stay healthy and beautiful all winter.
Below Our Strangeness. I believe we are all connected at the deepest and most elemental level and that experience and circumstance manipulate us away from our better selves. This poem speaks of that place.
Cherries Could Lower Risk Of Gout Attack. The researchers noted that to an extent, the more cherries that were consumed, the lower the risk of gout attack. \The gout
The Best Exercise Video Games For Burning Calories. By Jeffrey Kopman Video games can be active games too, according to exercise experts. Researchers at the University of Chester
Confessions of a Mirror Addict. We need to let women know it is only their reflection they need to be concerned about! Don't look into anyone else's mirror
Teen Drunk Driving Is Decreasing, CDC Reports. - In 2011, nine out of 10 teens ages 16 and older said that they didn't drink and drive. - Binge drinking seemed to be linked
Traffic Deaths Rise For First Time In 5 Years, Experts Puzzled By Increase. Oct 2 (Reuters) - U.S. traffic deaths rose 9 percent in the first half of 2012 compared with the same period last year, breaking
Fearless Living Boot Camp, Day 23 (VIDEO). It usually takes a lot longer to get rid of things than it does to accumulate them. And that's the reason we need to spend time EXHALING through life, not just inhaling. Slow things down. Deepen things up. Open up your body, brain and heart to experience MORE.
GPS Guide. Layla Kayleigh is a British model and MTV personality. She currently hosts MTV's \Retromania\ and has been the co-host of
On Fearless Leadership (VIDEO). In this exclusive AOL video, 1984 Paralympic medalist Bonnie St. John and her daughter, Darcy Deane, reveal how they got
Dr. Pat Consults. A physiatrist is a physician who specializes in the practice of physical medicine and rehabilitation. These physicians are trained to diagnose and treat musculoskeletal and/or neurological conditions.
Never Waste a Good Trigger. Triggers can be an incredible ally.  Triggers lead to what needs healing.  Instead of being ashamed of being triggered, get excited because you have a clue for where to do your work! Triggers lead you on the path you need to go.
VBD-AIR. If an airline passenger comes into an airport needing medical assistance or ends up at a hospital near the airport, officials
Conversation With Rev. Jaganath Carrera on 'Yoga and Spirituality'. What is the connection between yoga and spirituality? How can you benefit from meditation? Be inspired by my conversation with Reverend Jaganath Carrera on \Yoga and Spirituality.\
The Sweet Life. Sweeteners condition our taste buds to want more sweet. Consuming excessive amounts of sugar triggers your brain and body to want sugar most of the time.  If your blood sugar dips down, your body gets a signal to eat more sugar. It's almost as if your system has been hijacked.
Remember Hydrotherapy. Some might think of hydrotherapy as a quaint approach used in times gone by, but it is commonly used in both occupational and physical therapy. Harkening back to naturopathic medicine roots, hydrotherapy is a treatment many naturopathic doctors also embrace.
How To Create New, Fearless Patterns. My last couple of blogs have focused on helping you become aware of your deepest fears and discover the negative patterns and habits that are dominating your life. This blog will look at how you change those undesirable patterns.
Back to School. Nobody wants to be set up for poor performance before the first bell even rings. However, poor sleep habits of elementary, middle and high school students may make them sluggish during the day, hinder their success at school and contribute to long-term health problems.
Bad Breath. There are many different causes of bad breath, and each of them can produce their own, unique form of oral odor. It's important to know what all of these things are so you can avoid them or take the proper steps to combat them.
Autism Sucks and Then We Die. We have to petition a judge to take away Mia's rights as an adult so that we can make her medical, legal and financial decisions because thanks to her autism, she is not able to make safe choices for herself.
Am I Addicted to Food?. Without a doubt, the eat-repent-repeat cycle must be resolved -- but calling it \addiction\ takes away the power to change and prevents you from learning to use food in an enjoyable, moderate way.
Fearless Living Boot Camp, Day 22 (VIDEO). How often do you let yourself dream? I mean, really let yourself go and dream BIG? Big bodacious dreams can be intimidating and so exciting. (It all depends on how you look at it.)
Together We Can Do What We Cannot Do Alone!. October is National Breast Cancer Awareness Month.  I have learned a lot from the cancer survivors I have interviewed. I am reminded of the real value of life, how precious it is, and how unimportant our mundane challenges really are.
How to Find Meaning in Work and Life. Without knowing why you're doing something, it's only a matter of time before your motivation runs dry and you wake up one morning with that question burning in your heart
Totally Ready for Love and Growth -- Sort of. We either get pulled down by our resistances, into the safe comfort of what is known, or we make peace with the fact that we have resistances.  We don't actually overcome them at this point, but we can make peace with them.
Anti-Allergy Milk? Cow Genetically Engineered To Produce Milk With Less BLG Protein. Bruce Whitelaw, professor of animal biotechnology at the University of Edinburgh, said the New Zealand research \offers a
Jamie Hilton, Injured In Fishing Accident, Has Part Of Skull Reattached After It Was Stored In Her Abdomen. According to the Idaho Press-Tribune, Hilton doesn't have health insurance; a donation fund has been set up here. The Daily
Exercise Mental Benefits. We all know that regular exercise is a major player in our ability to achieve a healthy weight, a longer life expectancy
Moon Struck!. I was 10 years old when the moon first beckoned to me. The call came in the guise of a homework assignment. Miss Lusk, my much-loved fourth grade teacher, told us one propitious day to go home and compose a poem.
Why Making Healthy Choices Is So Hard. When I moved in with my boyfriend, I knew we would have to negotiate decorating and dishes. But not calories. For me, it's
The 50 Best Foods For Weight Loss. There's a reason apples are number one on the list! Probably one of the most versatile fall foods around, nutrient- and fiber
I Lost Weight. Check out more of our inspiring weight loss stories below
Stalking the Wild Pathogen. Writers and filmmakers have long liked apocalyptic stories.  But out in the real world, it might well be that the most likely cause of our specie's demise will be a microscopic bug we cannot defeat, and that we vanish, or vastly diminish, not with a bang but a whimper.
What's Wrong With Right?. These days, it's important to look more closely at things like food labels for our health. Isn't it equally important to look at our views on who and what is right?
The Rise of Non-Perfectionist Veganism, Part III. I myself am not a perfect vegan. Nor am I a perfect vegan activist (whatever that means) -- far from it. But I will always seek to do better, both in my personal veganism and as an activist. And I have to tell you that each time I encounter a vegan or vegan activist my heart swells.
Do You Procrastinate?. I used to have very long \to do\ lists. My energy would drop when I looked at them, because they reminded me of all the things I hadn't had time to get done. And because I didn't feel like finishing the things on my list, a heavy feeling quickly spread through my body.
Finding the Poetry of Life. I once asked my father whether life became any easier with time and he answered honestly, \No, it becomes more difficult.  The challenges are tougher.\  And maybe they are.  But our life skills are also better, so hopefully we can cope with the challenges much better.
The Real Face of Health Care Today. The Waiting Room is a punch to the gut, an unblinking gaze at the real lives of people cast off and left out of the medical system in the U.S.  Shot in cinema verit\u00e9 style, the film takes place entirely in the emergency room at Oakland's Highland Hospital.
GPS Guide. The stress and strains of our always-connected lives can sometimes take us off course. GPS For The Soul can help you find
Breast Cancer Awareness Month. October is typically marked by the burnt orange of pumpkins, the deep red of autumnal leaves and ... pink ribbons. With the
Herceptin. Consensus forecasts from Thomson Reuters Pharma show analysts see T-DM1 generating sales of $918 million by 2016. (Editing
FEARLESS MEMOIR. Daddy's expression was twisted with fury and madness. Suddenly the fiend in him focused in on the drawer beside the sink. With his one free hand, he reached over, opened the drawer, and pulled out one of the pistols.
Snoozing Till Noon? It Could Be A Sleep Disorder. The last treatment option is melatonin. This natural hormone is made by the body's pineal gland and is more effective for
Readers Share Health Success on Twitter. Have a health goal in mind? Sometimes it can seem like you'll never get there. That's why HuffPost Healthy Living decided
Why We Overeat. The Stuffing -- The Need-To-Know So here's the breakdown
Fearless Living Boot Camp, Day 21 (VIDEO). When I was 14, I thought I would grow up to become a singer. And then something happened. My parents died and I didn't want to be happy anymore so I refused to sing a note. Later, when I found myself humming in the shower and singing along to the car radio, I knew happiness had a fighting chance.
What's Your Strategy for Happiness?. Yes, we all need a roof over our head and food to eat.  We all need love and some form of a relationship we can rely on.  We all need the basics to sustain life, but YOUR happiness doesn't lie in attaining those basic needs.  It lies in the details of who you are as a person.
Stacy London Reveals Struggle With Anorexia, Compulsive Eating. A year later, the 5'7\ style aficionado was up to 180 pounds due to binge eating, People reported. But she is far from the
Ego, Part 2. Ego is sometimes characterized as the \false self.\ Some spiritual teachers advocate destroying the ego. I do not. If we love it, it can grow up and be helpful.
The Gift. I've been struck by the ordinariness of most of the so-called extraordinary lives we've studied. And the closer we look at \ordinary lives,\ well, the more extraordinary they appear. It's tough being a human being -- and I'm impressed by the courage I see in every single life I encounter.
Traditional Chinese Medicine Focuses More On Healing Body Than Curing Disease. \In the theory of TCM [traditional Chinese medicine], the mind and the body of a person are inseparable; to have good health
Women, Wake Up. Sleep apnea is not just a male disorder. Women -- especially those with hypertension and/or obesity -- need to wake up to the dangers of OSA and seek treatment if diagnosed with it.
Conversation With Cyndi Lee on 'Integrating Your Self'. Do you ever feel like you're running around like a chicken with its head cut off? How can you integrate the various pieces of yourself together? Be inspired by my conversation with Cyndi Lee on \integrating your self.\
FEARLESS MEMOIR. There we were, torn down the middle, loving our father but hating his drinking. We'd all seen the movie Days of Wine and Roses. Jack Lemmon had been able to quit drinking in the movie. Why not Daddy?
Soul Songs. For more music for the soul, click here. What song make you feel light? Let us know in the comments section below and we'll
Get Well Cards. Each year, Americans suffer a collective 1 billion colds -- not to mention countless cases of full-blown influenza, 24-hour
GPS Guide. The stress and strains of our always-connected lives can sometimes take us off course. GPS For The Soul can help you find
A Matter of Minutes. I find myself tempted to propose a pledge we all take
How Breast Cancer Made Me a Yogini. Here I was, able to reconnect with my body and focus my mind, surrounded by other beautiful breast cancer survivors. The yoga class was fun, restorative, and gentle enough for beginners. I was in a safe place where I felt accepted, supported, and loved. From then on, I was hooked.
'133. Ariad said 19 patients remain in the study, with 16 of them at the highest dose. Two patients within that group had not been
Mysterious Respiratory Virus. LONDON, Sept 29 (Reuters) - Doctors should only test people for a new virus if they are very ill in hospital with a respiratory
Stop Worrying. Worrying is actually a socially acceptable way of saying you live in fear of what may happen in the future. Most likely, you also lack present-moment consciousness, since you cannot be here now while constantly projecting catastrophically into the future.
Fearless Living Boot Camp, Day 20. I want to smile. I want to be happy. I want to be grateful. Because when I am those things, my life works.
Psychology Of Feeling Full. He argues that all of our tens of thousands of previous meals have \u201ctaught\u201d us about what to expect at mealtime, both in
Super Soul Sunday. Caroline Myss is a spiritual teacher who says she's living the life her soul was meant to lead. Caroline says everyone has
Conquering Fear. Exposure therapy's not a new concept, but Hauner et al's study seemed so definitive I wanted to delve into it a little deeper
Sleep Affects the Power of Vaccines. Summer is coming to an end, and with fall and winter come cold and flu season. Want to give your annual flu vaccination a powerful boost? Start sleeping more.
Handling Doctors. Here's what happened to me when I recently became ill and the whole business of our relationship with doctors was suddenly brought into sharp focus.
What If Being Happy Didn't Make You a Better Person?. Permanent happiness is the goal of our life -- a goal that we can never reach, at least not in the way we imagine. What we can reach, however, is a state of well-being, a deep sense of lasting contentment that can include and survive both happiness and unhappiness!
Humira. * Condition affects about 620,000 Americans - NIH * Marks seventh disease for which Humira has U.S. approval * Approved for
31 Surprisingly Delicious High-Fiber Snacks. It helps keep things moving smoothly (you know what we mean), it can lower our risk for diabetes and heart disease and it
Barbara Lewis, Texas Woman With Chemical And Electrical Sensitivity, Is Allergic To Modern Life (VIDEO). The staggering limitations of Lewis' life boggle the mind. But incredibly, the 53-year-old woman is not alone in her plight
Is Alzheimer's A Fourth Type Of Diabetes?. The \why\ makes sense once you know how insulin works. Insulin is how your body regulates blood sugar -- it prompts cells
Finding Your Way. In health care, the world breaks down into two types
How Your Car Is Making Your Asthma Worse. When driving on high-ozone days, try using your air conditioner and keeping the windows up. Conversely, roll down the windows
Subcutaneous Implantable Defibrillator. Traditional defibrillators require electrical conductor wires or leads to be inserted into the heart through a vein in the
Vegan Diet Mistakes. Other tips from Sheth and Lanou
Heart Health. Where, you might be wondering, do the healthiest hearts reside in the U.S. of A? Click over to MensHealth.com for the top
Work Out, Don't Stress Out. Exercise is by no means a wonder cure for stress and anxiety, but it does have the potential to reduce their effects, giving you a better shot at getting more enjoyment out of life.
Zamzee. \This study shows that technology is not just part of the problem; it can also be part of the solution in helping kids be
Almost Alcoholic?. The United States Preventive Services Task Force just issued a report and an advisory that all sensible men and women would do well to take heed of. This panel reviewed a large body of research on drinking patterns among adult men and women.
Fearless Living Boot Camp, Day 19. What I know to be absolutely true is that NO ONE CAN BE FEARLESS ALONE. Period. End of story.
You Live in Your Body, Not Your Doctor -- Part I. The human body is the most precise instrument on our planet.  It puts a Formula 1 Ferrari to shame.  Use your health care providers like a pit stop crew, but remember you are the driver.  You win the trophy at the end of the race, not the crew.
Getting Back to Hopeful. As they say, it's really about the journey -- not the destination.  Because once you reach the destination (wherever it may be), there is always the next journey to take. This is called life! And it's wonderful, mysterious, and worth it, no matter how much it may hurt at times.
GPS Guide. GPS Guides are our way of showing you what works for others in the hopes that you can find out what works for yourself. Whether
Leave Your Lover to Re-energize Your Emotional and Sexual Relationship. Paul Simon's song \50 Ways To Leave Your Lover\ may come to mind here, but I'm referring to a different kind of \leaving\
How to Help a Friend at the End of Life. The Silver Lining is that being with a person at the end of life is one of the most sacred and powerful experiences, and there are ways to help you both.
Are You Ready to Change Your Life? Start Now!. The key to transformation is within your reach. It's the underrated yet highly effective power of intent. The power of focus, attention, and desire.
The Summer of My Discontent. The sunshine provided a brief reprieve during the daylight hours, in \aha, I can do this, just bask, forget my troubles\ moments. The fact was, I was depressed as all hell and it seemed there was no way to shake it, despite the season.
The Aftermath of Hurricane Addiction. The aftermath of a relationship with an alcoholic/addict can often parallel that of a natural disaster. At least it has for me when I've ended relationships that were toxic, or for my clients when they have made the painful decision to move on.
Knowing When to Say Goodbye. Right away, my dog's life flashed before my eyes. I pictured him as an 8-week-old puppy with huge floppy ears and then as a rambunctious hulking 5-year-old. That's when I knew, hard as it was, that we made the right decision.
10 Healthy Herbs And How To Use Them. By Beth Gilbert Medically reviewed by Pat F. Bass III M.D., M.P.H. Fresh herbs not only add flavor without calories, they
The ABCs of Dry Eye Nutrition. When it comes to treating dry eyes, it's about more than just drops. I can honestly tell you that, as someone whose left eye is dry minutes after inserting drops.
What Game Are You Playing? Rules to Help You Win. Each day we wake up, we enter the video game we have chosen for our life. And each day, we become better and better at learning the rules that help us win, no matter how fun or damaging the game is.
Healthy Kitchen Staples To Keep Around The House. Putting together a quick nutritious meal is easy when your cabinets are stocked with healthy staples. That\u2019s why we took
Why Do We Cheat?. The \cheating epidemic\ is upon us. And it is everywhere.  From our high schools, to our most  hallowed institutions, to our venerable newspapers, to our best-selling authors.  Cheaters are omnipresent.  Quick -- cover your answers!
Back to School, Use Music to Help You Memorize. Many people have a hard time committing things to memory, especially with all the distractions that can come your way.  Maybe the answer is as close as your iPod!
Pain-Free Running. This is the first of a series of blogs that will keep you injury-free while running. This post will focus on mobility and flexibility, and by the time I've completed the series, you'll be ready to take on your next marathon or your average jog.
Fall Allergy Capitals. How'd they calculate the ranking? First was the pollen count, which was averaged at 300 grains per cubic meter of air across
Having It All. Through my life, the one strength that I could always rely on was my ability to bounce back. Not just a little bounce that you would see with a rubber ball, but a huge super-ball kind of bounce. For every adversity, I would become more and more resilient.
Fearless Living Boot Camp, Day 18 (VIDEO). Can you look in the mirror without cringing? Can you tell your body that it is magnificent? Can you appreciate all that your amazingly wonderful body does for you?
Heroes. \Quality transformers\ are people who can turn walls of resistance into bridges of understanding, who can change any obstacle into a stepping stone of success, and who can reverse the dragon of doubt into radiant self-confidence, dissolving the thought \impossible\ from the mind.
An Oasis of Health and Wellness at the Republican and Democratic National Conventions. How many people can say they spent time at both the Republican and Democratic convention and came away feeling calm and recharged?  Well, anyone who spent time at the Huffington Post Oasis, which was a world away from the crowds and chaos.
Inside Psychiatry. Richard A. Friedman notes in a recent New York Times article that by any standards, atypical antipsychotics are overprescribed.  But he leaves out two groups that are especially vulnerable to abuse by these chemical agents
Poor HIV Patients Are Living Longer With Care Extending Past Drugs. Even though HIV medications have significantly improved since the virus emerged in the United States decades ago, accessing
Why Doctors Should Consider Their Gut Feelings. \Although clinicians throughout Europe mention gut feelings in their daily practice, our observation of colleagues suggests
Antioxidant-Rich Diet Could Lower Women's Heart Attack Risk. The study, published in the American Journal of Medicine, is based on food consumption and health data from 32,561 women
COPD And Sleep. Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) doesn't just make it hard for people to breathe -- it could also negatively
We Are the 'New Normal' -- Not the 'New Age'. We may not be able to escape the effects of polarity completely, yet we can shift ourselves to a more harmonious position.
Toxic Back-to-School Gear. Back-to-school season has offered some businesses another opportunity to further expose our children to harmful chemicals
'Unaccountable'. The reason? Good practices may not be a reliable proxy for good safety. A hospital's rate of providing antibiotics after
Check Out Your Hospital Before You Check In. The Leapfrog Group, a business organization that collects data directly from cooperating hospitals, offers free hospital
Coronavirus. SOURCES
Mastery Over the Mind Through Yoga. Finding the key to unlock the mystery of \happiness\ is to understand the complexity of the mind and delve into the practice of yoga.
An Instant Friend. I once heard that souls travel in packs, and the longer I live, the more I believe this to be true. How else can you explain an instant friend?
End-Of-Life Care. \The way people die in america now is much more a slow death, a dwindle, where they become more and more incapacitated and
What Vulnerability Looks Like to Psychopaths, Monks and the Rest of Us. Ironically, both psychopaths and Tibetan monks detect deep emotions that are invisible to others.  Psychopaths are much better at recognizing \those telltale signs in the gait of traumatized assault victims,\ notes The Wisdom of Psychopaths author, Kevin Dutton.
Review Finds Cost Effectiveness of Complementary and Integrative Medicine in More Than Two Dozen High-Quality Studies. Herman is right that it's time to shift the dialogue from roundhouse dismissal of potential cost-saving contributions from what she and the authors call \CIM\ treatments and providers. The evidence is there for proactive exploration of potential cost savings.
Plug Into Your Lower Self!. Of course most of us have a vague understanding that for our own safety, when it comes to dealing with high-voltage situations, it is critical to \ground\ the electricity.   The primary purpose of this is, in fact, to reduce the risk of serious electric shock.
Dayle Byrom, Young Mother, Scarred By Allergic Reaction To Her Fetus' Hormones (PHOTOS). A young U.K. mother's horrific and mystifying rash may have been caused by her own unborn child, the Sun reports. The burning
Is It Macho to Make Bad Decisions?. We train our children, from a very young age, to ignore a feeling of tiredness and work till late at night. They go on to college and all-nighters, consuming caffeine in every conceivable form to stay awake. Working hard equals staying up at night. Right?
National Yoga Month Celebration Practice. September is National Yoga Month and a time to celebrate all of the healthy ways yoga can benefit us!
Judgment Decoded. Judgment has become known as one of the top spiritual sins one can commit. No doubt, judgmental statements that serve no purpose do drag us down. But when you think about it, how much of what we say is not judgmental?
Be Supercoherent -- Tune Into Your Consciousness!. If you want to be supercoherent, you must take the time to listen, feel, and be aware of what you hear and feel -- of all that you hear and feel.
3 Must-Try Strategies to Relax. When we're unable to change the circumstances that are causing stress, it's vital to have strategies to change how we react to the stressor.  Even when you can't change the world around you, you can change yourself.
Limerence. Ever had that \I-need-him-I-know-we-are-meant-to-be-together-I-know-it-I-can't-breathe-I-can't-sleep-I-love-him-so-much\ feeling? You may have experienced limerence.
Sleep Deprivation Could Be Bad For Bones. \Taken together, these findings suggest that chronically inadequate sleep affects bone metabolism and bone marrow composition
No More Secrets. The only way you can feel loved is through sharing who you really are. Not the pretend you, not the secret-laden you, but the vulnerable, naked you who is truly uniquely different from anyone else.
Do You Sabotage Your Power?. I have found in my work that too many of us struggle to claim our power, and there are those of us who inadvertently sabotage it. In what ways do we undermine ourselves and how can we stop doing that?  Here are six pitfalls that can be turned.
Life's Crossroads. When I'm faced with fear at life's inevitable crossroads, I have learned to \let it rip\ and charge \no holds barred\ into the abyss -- if for no other reason than to see what is there.
A Rock and a Hard Place. Perhaps there are extremists who would solve our dilemma with dynamite -- that's a version of tossing out the baby with the
20 Ways to Get Over Your Fear of Closed MRIs. Most people hate closed MRIs. I used to be the same way until I decided to challenge my thoughts about them. What I found is if I allow my inner child and imagination to come forward, my spirits become lifted as a reward.
SARS-Like Virus. The virus, known as a coronavirus also related to the common cold, comes from the same family as SARS (Severe Acute Respiratory
Atonement for Atonement's Sake. While I have never participated consistently in any form of organized Judaism, and while I cannot bring myself to believe in the magic of a \Book of Life\ exactly, I am intrigued by Judaism's prescribed process for atonement.
When Winners Are Losers. These empty substitutes for authentic yearnings of our human hearts create inescapable cycles of striving and working harder and longer, using the same tools over and over -- tools that are actually designed not to work.
I Lost Weight. Got a success story of your own? Send it to us at success.stories@huffingtonpost.com and you could be featured on the site
GPS Guide. The stress and strains of our always-connected lives can sometimes take us off course. GPS For The Soul can help you find
Social Security and Medicare Are Good Medicine. Our research strongly suggests that individuals unlucky enough to approach retirement during bad economic times experience long-term deficits in employment, income, and health.
Permission to Dream About Your Job. The average American lifetime includes 90,000+ hours of work time. If you are not using those hours to live out a dream, you might be feeling a little disappointed, numb or fearful right now. I understand.
Bodhisattvas and Political Engagement. Should Bodhisattvas become involved in the political arena as a method of helping everyone attain the requisites of a spiritual life? My answer to this question is, \Yes.\
Truth!. I cannot in my own good conscience merely write about truth, awakening, supreme peace, or presence. I must live in alignment with my very noble notions. I must personally live out and percuss with my pleas for a more enlightened way of being. In other words, I must walk my talk.
My 'Zero Excuses' Playlist. I tell myself every day that I have zero excuses for not working out. When I combine that mantra with some of my favorite music, it makes working out fun and enjoyable.
Learning to Love Hospice. As I go through this experience, I'm suddenly aware that the word \hospice\ is all around us. A lot of people have been through the experience and like me, they have nothing but enthusiastic gratitude for the service and the people.
Oral Hygiene Habits of the Interesting. \My hands are so big I have a hard time putting my fingers in my mouth.  I can't floss like a regular size person.  I have to use a floss handle, but I do floss regularly.\
Bladder Cancer. Bladder cancer risk rises as people age, and is also more common among men and white people, according to the Mayo Clinic
Virus Treatment Could Target Acne. It's easy to see acne sufferers from afar. But it's not so easy to see the bacteria that trigger their skin inflammation
Why Would You Need a Shrink to Lose Weight?. Is weight loss psychological?  Is it something that a shrink can help you with or not?  Have you tried hard to lose weight on diet programs and not been successful?  Do you know why that is?
West Nile Virus. About 38 percent of all cases have been reported in Texas. Other states with large number of cases include Mississippi, Michigan
How To Stretch Safely For Flexibility After 50. But how do you know if you've taken a stretch too far? You should still be able to breathe and talk, says Winter. If you
Healthier School Meals Despite Agribiz Lobbying. Back to school can be a time of adjustment.  Just as students might need time to adjust to new teachers and subjects, the school lunch program might need time before it is fully accepted by students or financially successful.
Who to Vote For?. Voting is like alchemy -- taking an abstract value and breathing life into it. Voting is the expression of our commitment to ourselves, one another, this country and this world. And the imperative to vote is genuinely nonpartisan.
11 Things That Are Better When Not Perfect. We love an ideal moment
Improve Your Commute With These Simple Tips. The average commuter in America travels 25 minutes in each direction, alone in a car, according to the latest census data
The Importance of Prostate Cancer Research. Spearheaded by FasterCures and the Milken Institute, \A Celebration of Science\ brought together more than 1,000 leaders from across the scientific and policy communities to reaffirm the importance of bioscience and -- hopefully -- change the world for future generations.
The Real Benefit of Affirmations. As we define what is, if only with our thoughts, our attention follows.  Our creative mind begins to look for the reality that matches our thoughts, and we begin to naturally notice the opportunities that can help lead us to our goals.
How Numb Can We Get?. You cannot have a healthy body without a healthy mind.  When we try to numb out -- even if it is not with something particularly noxious -- our minds are not as healthy as they could be, and our bodies will follow suit.
When We Don't Make Anything 'Wrong'. Sometimes when I talk about \Radical Acceptance,\ I like to tell the story about Jacob, a man who, at almost 70 and in the mid-stages of Alzheimer's disease, attended a 10-day retreat I was leading.
Our Fearless Independents. I challenge you to look around your own village, town or city and rediscover those little golden nugget merchants lost in a sea of contemporary, bulk-buying, cheap import stores. Drive a little bit out of your way to reach them once in a while if they're not on your normal commute.
Your Detour To A Stress-Free Life. Chronic stress has been linked to weight gain, depression, and even cancer. But this doesn't have to be your fate. You can
It's the Health Care, Stupid. Debating how best to stimulate the economy has been anointed as the de facto topic of importance heading into our upcoming election, but let's not forget that the health of Wall Street and Main Street is inextricably linked to the health of our citizens.
7 Steps to Healthy Weight Loss, Without Dieting. Misinformation about weight loss abounds, and anyone who's tried to diet knows it. We begin strict diets with the best of intentions, but they ultimately result in feelings of failure as we boomerang back to our original weight, or -- even worse -- gain more.
The Truth About Health Care Costs. Whether we are Democrats or Republicans, all Americans can agree that our health care costs are unsustainable -- and the sooner we acknowledge that, the better. A new report from the Institute of Medicine reveals the truth about the way our health care dollars are spent.
Blindsided by Multiple Sclerosis. We have become passionate advocates for young adults living with MS, parents, and caregivers.  It seems to me that tragedy has a strange way of bringing people closer to their purpose.
Digital Mindfulness. In his book Hamlet's Blackberry, author William Powers gives us tips from the pages of history for navigating the virtual world with grace. Here are my favorites.
Finding Yourself and Your Pants. It's important to not second guess the choices we make once we're submerged in different circumstances. Situations change, and we forget the tiny details that solidified our ultimate resolutions.
10 Valuable Life Lessons. Do you ever stop to observe your own thoughts and behaviors, to observe yourself and your life? Do you ever wonder why you are doing whatever it is that you are doing?
Fearless Living Boot Camp, Day 16. What saying no to fear is really about is having the deep willingness to trust yourself. I know it's scary to do if you haven't been listening to yourself in a while. Yet, practicing trusting yourself is necessary.
Fix Your Form. Check out more in our Fix Your Form series below
Doctors Can Eliminate Waste From Health Care. There is another less-talked-about reason for unnecessary services. One person's waste is another person's income. Another cardiac catherization, another back surgery means more income for doctors, hospitals and the health care system and its archaic administrative services.
End Weight Stigma, Starting With Your Own. Whether subtle or blatant, weight stigma is broadcast into our living rooms and shows up in our classrooms, break rooms, and exam rooms. For many people, weight stigma hits even closer to home
Can Friendship Save the World?. Sometimes when we hear the word \friendship\ we think of it as nice to have, something that is just warm and fuzzy, sweet, and pink.  But that's missing the point.  It's not just a luxury for a few who have extra time in their lives.
Celebrities With Sleep Apnea. You (don't) snooze, you lose. The 53-second \oops\ heard 'round the world -- when Rick Perry hesitated and then admitted
Can Personal Technology Stop The Obesity Epidemic?. After the trial period, kids in the control group were getting about 74 minutes of moderate to vigorous physical activity
Is The California Breast Density Law A Good Idea? 3 Opinions. You would think there could be no downside to California's new law that requires doctors to inform women if a mammogram reveals
The Cry. She is right to fear the brutality, but the wonder always outlasts the violence, even if we are brought to an end. There is nothing to do but live and meet it all. After a long while, I said softly, \I no longer ask why, only how.\
For the \Friends\ of Andrea and All the Rest. An unwavering positive energy, the same energy needed by disabled children, led me, against all odds, to take my son on an adventure many dream of
High Levels of Arsenic Found in Rice. The FDA and Consumer Reports recently released lab reports detailing just how much arsenic is in rice products -- and found that many brands contain more arsenic in a single serving than what the EPA allows in a quart of drinking water.
Autism and the Election. I don't know about 47 percent, but at least around 1 percent of the population has a right to feel like they are entitled, and it isn't the wealthiest 1 percent you usually hear about -- it is the 1 percent with Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Lumbar Disc Degeneration, Common Cause Of Back Pain, Linked With Gene Variant PARK2. Discrete biochemical, histological, metabolic and functional changes occur in LDD, such that discs become dehydrated, lose
Canadian Man Contracts H1N1 Variant After Contact With Pigs. \I would also like to stress that this is not a food safety issue; the consumption of properly cooked pork continues to be
Eating Fish Low In Mercury Linked With Lower Heart Attack Risk. Not a fan of fish? Check out these vegetarian options for getting your omega-3s from our partner Blisstree.com
Yom Kippur. Of course, fasting on Yom Kippur is not supposed to be comfortable. But there are a few ways to make the fast a little bit
9 Health Concerns Linked To Sleep Apnea. Sleep apnea occurs when throat muscles relax, thereby collapsing the airways and resulting in short periods of disruptions
Letting 'It' Go. I have never doubted that Baba knew how much she meant to me, and I have never thought for a moment that she didn't know I loved her.  But knowing it and hearing it are two very different things.
Conversation With Beryl Bender Birch on 'Being Present'. How present are you in your everyday interactions? How can you be more conscious in your daily life? Be inspired by my conversation with Beryl Bender Birch on \Being Present.\
On Pets and Legacy. Have you ever considered the lessons you learned and the love you expressed through your relationship with animals? Pets connect us to nature and are one of nature's best sources of love.
The Meaning of Addiction Has Changed -- Addiction is Not a Characteristic of Things. Virtually anything can be addictive for the \right\ person at the \right\ time -- one of stress or disorientation, when that experience holds out significant and powerful associations for the person, when the person is not inclined or able to be restrained.
4 Back-to-School Brain Boosters. Sleep is essential for students to achieve their academic potential. Not only does a good night sleep prepare us for an active day of learning, it is during sleep that memories are reinforced and learning is consolidated.
Practice Forgiveness, Heal Yourself, Save the Planet. When we forgive others, we let go of our anger, resentment and bitterness, and we free ourselves of a great emotional burden that keeps us stuck in the past, in a perpetual state of perceived victimhood long after having been victimized.
Acupuncture for Beauty. Because acupuncture does not act on a superficial level like Botox, fillers, or plastic surgery do, it really improves the health and wellness of your face and body. It energizes you physically, mentally, and spiritually. It brings true health and true beauty to a person.
Do You Over-Apologize?. How many times a day do you apologize? Think about it. Not a major, \I messed up\ kind of acknowledgement, more of a figure of speech, a rationalization, an excuse. If you're like me, it happens often.
Stop 'Trying' to be Happy (Just Get Rid of Your Angst). I think we're asking the wrong questions about happiness. The most common one we ask is
Your Brain on Anger vs. Compassion. Neuroscientists and brain researchers have done quite a lot of study with the brain and its effects on our behavior and our lives.
On Modern Stressors, or Why Zebras Don't Get Ulcers. The majority of our fears are fears we make up. They're bogus. Fake. Nonsense.
My Technology Is Smart, But Am I?. If using our brains in complicated ways, if memorization and challenging recall help to stave off Alzheimer's and the effects of Parkinson's, why are we allowing for these trade-for-brain technologies in every area of life?
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (Sep. 24 - Oct. 1). It's important for mindful acts of emotional and sexual intimacy to steadily develop as a daily practice for healthy sex.
I Lost Weight. After Weight
Sesame And Rice Bran Oil Could Improve Cholesterol, Blood Pressure. For more foods that could help you get your blood pressure under control, click through the slideshow
How Technology Makes Us Afraid of Intimacy. We're all a little anxious about intimacy, aren't we? After all, letting people in is inherently risky. Which means that even though we won't all go to extremes, everyone's at risk for the occasional retreat -- and technology offers plenty of places to hide.
Waiting for a Miracle? Perspectives From Health Care Providers. What do health care providers do when patients, families or other surrogate decision-makers talk of miracles or are waiting for one? It depends.
The Pragmatic Artist. As an artist pursues their creative endeavor, whether to make a career of it to sustain themselves or as a personal outlet, their pursuit must happen within the confines/parameters of the \real\ world.
Considering a Stem Cell Treatment From a Clinic? Have a Listen. I think it will transform medicine over the next two decades, but unfortunately today the phrase \stem cells\ is being used right now by folks who simply want your money.
Grandparents' Health Advice Highlights Folk Medicine And Common Sense. While most of us have medical doctors from the time we're born, grandma and grandpa often play an important role as \health
7 Steps to Mend a Broken Heart. After the initial shock of a loss many feel the need to push aside their grief lest it overwhelm them with its intensity. This is understandable, but the longer you avoid your pain and attempt to push it away, the more difficult it will be to break out of the paralysis.
The Best And Worst Workouts For Flexibility. Not as limber as you should be? Your exercise regimen could be helping -- or making things worse. Read on to find out which
Soul-Talk. Are you expecting any joy in your life today?  If so, you may be setting yourself up for disappointment.  However, if you can shift your attitude to one of anticipating joy, you may find that you are on a better road toward experiencing more of what you seek in life.
When a Stubbed Toe Is Serious. Most of the time, a stubbed toe is just a painful experience that will pass.  Sometimes, however, stubbing a toe can be quite serious, requiring medical attention.
Fear of Failure Is My Biggest Fear!. For me, the fear of nonperformance, the fear of failure, the fear of not living up to expectations (my own, more than anyone else's) is what I consider to be my biggest in life. I can attribute a lot of my personality traits and obsessive behaviors to this fear.
Getting Off-Course. Now, it's perfectly normal to gain recognition and satisfaction from being the only one who can solve a particular problem, but when the joy of the recognition quickly fades into resentment, stress or overwhelm, sorry -- you've become the hero at a great cost.
Putting It Into Words. Short of speaking the words in person, putting repentance in writing, writing it in my own hand and delivering it in person was a lesson learned early.
Navigating Through Chemo Brain. Does any of this sound familiar? You're halfway through what will be six rounds of chemotherapy when you notice a dense fog rolling over your brain. You grow forgetful. The responsibility of making even small decisions overwhelms you.
Fearless Living Boot Camp, Day 15 (VIDEO). \New\ doesn't have to cost a lot, but it does guarantee priceless benefits that are incalculable to your self-esteem, self-worth and self-confidence.
Don't Let the Fear of Sleeplessness Keep You From Sleeping Tonight. Here are some steps you can take when you are struggling to sleep that will minimize the anxiety driving your sleepless nights.
19 Reasons To Smile This Fall. Fall has officially kicked off. The leaves are oxidizing, the air is crisp and the pumpkin-spiced everythings are ubiquitous
Love More Than Your Lamborghini. Years ago, a close family friend said to me, \If you do not have your health, you have nothing.\  At first I was taken aback by this; the comment was harsh and scary.  No one wants to think they have nothing.  But in reality, it is true.
The Imperfections of Public Health Progress. Feet, forks, and fingers could reshape our personal medical destinies, and modern public health, dramatically, for the better.  We have known this for decades.  So why doesn't it happen?
Nap Time. Hoping that catching a few extra zzzs translates into better performance on the field, the New York Jets recently brought
Study Finds Sleep Problems In Young Children Linked To Greater Need For Special Education. \What we found was that absolutely both behavioral and respiratory problems did increase the likelihood of special education
Are You in Love With a Fantasy?. As the years have passed I have begun to cherish facts. I can relate to facts and make decisions around them. I have released what could have been and concentrate on what is, noticing the things that are a match to my own dreams and wants.
Health Lessons We Can Learn From The Emmy Nominees. Attention TV lovers
Eating For Health, Not Weight. Almost half of Americans are on a diet -- not surprising, since two-thirds are overweight or obese, a frightening statistic
Eating For Health, Not Weight. Almost half of Americans are on a diet -- not surprising, since two-thirds are overweight or obese, a frightening statistic
Generosity Is Humans' First Impulse. Are human beings inherently generous or selfish? A new study finds that when people have to make the choice instantly, their
Fearless Living Boot Camp, Day 14 (VIDEO). Telling the truth (to myself first) is a sure sign that I am willing to own up to what isn't working in my life (and why it's so scary to tell the truth in the first place).
FEARLESS MEMOIR. \Daddy's been arrested for public drunkenness,\ Gee said finally. \The security man told me Daddy was sleeping it off, and that he'll be returned to us at the campsite in the morning.\
3 Ways the Presidential Debates Can Help You Get What You Want. While I can't promise you're going to get what you want in a president on November 6, I can promise that if you pay attention this fall, you may very well find a way to get what you want in other areas of your life.
Best Compliments Ever. Last week, Oprah.com columnist Leigh Newman gave us an incredible list of 10 Insanely Nice Things You Can Say To Anybody
The Spirit as Our Foundation. Aligning our soul with its proper origin and designation is the surest way to accomplish harmony with the natural world.  The forces of the natural world respond in our favor when we activate our spiritual identity.
Chicken, Egg, and Taste Buds. A new study indicates that obese children and adolescents, as compared to their lean counterparts, have less sensitive taste buds.  The researchers suggest that this difference in taste sensitivity may be an explanation for the development of obesity.
Guilty Pleasure Diet. For some of us (ahem), it's energy drinks. For others, that 4 p.m. cookie looms large over our willpower. For many of the
The Urbanite's Guide to Beating Insomnia. Reestablishing sleep patterns without the use of pharmaceuticals is not only possible but also preferable when you think about the drawbacks of sustained sleeping pill use. It requires a delicate and highly personalized approach including nutrition, botanicals and lifestyle changes.
5 Superfoods of the Ancient Incas, and Why You Should Try Them Now. With an empire whose beginning predates the arrival of Europeans in the Americas, the Incas were fueled by a diet made up of nutritionally dense, new world foods. Here are five of them.
Sleep Apnea in Women. Sleep apnea has traditionally -- and erroneously -- been seen as a \men's disorder.\ The truth is, obstructive sleep apnea is a common sleep disorder among women. And a new study indicates that the frequency of sleep apnea among women may be higher than we previously believed.
Forget Self-Esteem. A growing body of research, including new studies by Berkeley's Juliana Breines and Serena Chen, suggest that self-compassion, rather than self-esteem, may be the key to unlocking your true potential for greatness.
8 Bodyweight Exercises For Any Dorm Room. By Katherine Schreiber For more on fitness and exercise, click here. Dude, you totally just rocked your room. And probably
Healthy Fall. The sun rises just a little bit later and sets just a little bit earlier; there's a tell-tale chill in the air, enough to
Tracey Heggins, Senna Of The Twilight Saga, Shares Her GPS Guide. The stress and strains of our always-connected lives can sometimes take us off course. GPS For The Soul can help you find
FEARLESS MEMOIR. My feet refused to move; they were glued to the ground. I looked down at them and said out loud, \Move, damn it! Why won't you move?\ But they wouldn't budge. It was at this moment that I realized I was terror-stricken -- gripped in the claws of fear.
Why Music, Part 1. I believe music is an essential ingredient for the cultivation of a more evolved global community and for the development of more intelligent, adaptable, creative and compassionate generations to come.
Chronic Stress. \u2022 Inflammatory molecules. Bouts of stress also trigger proteins like cytokines that activate an inflammatory response in
Calling All Manifestation Junkies -- How to Deal With Things That Suck. If we can't receive, face, embrace and take right action with the darkness we're given, how are we supposed to receive, face, embrace and take right action with the blessings?
A Tale of Two Sisters. I had been using anger to mask my fear and sadness for the past nine months, ever since my older sister was diagnosed with liver cancer. This was the first time I cried.
Fearless Living Boot Camp, Day 13 (VIDEO). Complaints don't help you. They drown you in the muck and mire of your life. Don't swim in that stuff. Get out of that mud and give up complaining for the next 24 hours.
Produced by Faith. The Sabbath is my time with the Lord, my time to unwind from the pressures of work, heal, and reflect on the many blessings in my life and the career path that has led me here.
Conversation With Rodney Yee and Colleen Saidman Yee on 'Being Yoga'. How can you stop doing and simply be? How would you benefit from more stillness in your life? Be inspired by my conversation with Rodney Yee and Colleen Saidman Yee on \Being Yoga.\
Wiring the Brain for Better Relationships. Writing about kindness and compassion can help our brains tilt toward being more automatically kind and compassionate toward ourselves and others, improving our relationships and healing wounds from the past.
Tracheal Collapse in Dogs. Tracheal collapse is most common in small breed dogs like the Chihuahua, Lhasa apso, Maltese, Pomeranian, Pug, Shih Tzu, Toy poodle and the Yorkie.
7 Ways Eating Gluten Makes You Fat, Sick and Tired. A recent study in the Journal of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics concluded that nixing gluten is not a good way to lose weight.
The Protein Myth. Before gulping down that protein shake after a workout, or subbing a large steak for carbs and fats at lunch and dinner, calculate your actual needs to make sure the extra protein is really necessary. It's probably isn't.
Why You Can't Sleep Through the Night. So how does one of the most basic biological functions become so disordered? After all, what could be more natural than sleep
Fall Allergies. \[Hot temperatures] are telling plants to produce more pollen, in some cases three to four times more pollen than usual,\ Cliff
Lack of Sleep May Affect When Kids Enter Puberty. The study is to be published in an upcoming issue of theJournal of Clinical Endocrinology and Metabolism. Top 10 Spooky Sleep
8 Strategies to Complain Your Way Into a Happier Relationship. There was a time back in the early days of my now nearly 30-year marriage when a hand-written sign hung over our toilet. It read as follows
7 Acupuncture Tips for a Healthy Fall. From an acupuncture perspective, fall is about refinement. It's time to pare down, to let go of the excesses we allowed ourselves in summer and focus on what's necessary for winter.
Early Menopause Linked With Higher Stroke, Heart Disease Risk. The findings suggest that if a doctor has a patient who has entered early menopause, he or she can be extra-watchful and
Family Caregivers. Working with family caregivers, I see a wide range of attitudes and emotions that exist within this large community of very special people. What I find especially interesting is that some family caregivers, faced with similar responsibilities, are happier and have a more positive attitude.
RICE Act. Days after consumer groups publicly pushed the Food and Drug Administration to establish standards for how much arsenic should
Making Unhealthy Choices Harder Is Key To Eating Healthy, Study Suggests. Making bad choices harder is actually the best way to help people get healthier, argues a new essay in the journal Science
Iron-Transport Proteins And Diabetes. More from Everyday Health
Who Gets A Kidney? Organ Transplant Policy May Change. The way that donated kidneys are allocated to patients needing transplants might be changed next year, so that the fittest
Patterns and Habits. Once you understand why you do what you do, you can start to explore your stories and the beliefs and fears behind them.
Separation Anxiety. Figure out what's going on for you when you're feeling off and do your best to release it. Always make sure you're not the one sabotaging what you want out of life.
Wayne Dyer's Relaxation And Meditation Routine. I am pleased to offer you the opportunity to meditate to the same divine sounds that I use every single day of my life. I discovered these sensational sounds while doing research for my book, which places a strong emphasis on the significance of the words \I am that I am.\
Health Blog Roundup. We spend a lot of time reading and writing about how we could all use to spend less time sitting. But mealtime is one time
Hydrocodone Acetaminophen Drug Recall. The voluntary, nationwide recall announced on Friday was prompted by a patient complaint that tablets were thicker and darker
Feeling The 'Call' To Help Others Boosts Doctors' Career Satisfaction. On the other hand, a recent study in the Archives of Internal Medicine showed that nearly half of doctors exhibit at least
I Lost Weight. How I Lost It
5 Reasons Why Morning Workouts Are The Best Kind Of Workouts. While there's a whole host of reasons for why it's good (both mentally and physically) to be an early bird, one great benefit
Your Obnoxiously-Political Facebook Friends. We've all got them, no matter how left or right you lean. They're the Facebook friends who can't post a single status update without making it political, or who seem to share every last bit of oversimplified propaganda they come across.
Acne Treatment Cheat Sheet. Alpha Hydroxy Acid (AHA) The small molecules of alpha hydroxies, such as glycolic and lactic acids, chemically exfoliate
If Carbs Are So Bad for You, Why Are They So Good for Athletes?. Carbohydrates have long been considered the most important source of energy for any type of muscle activity, be it leaping over a hurdle or climbing out of bed.
Is It a Bad Idea to Take Supplements and Herbs Without Medical Guidance?. Supplements and herbs work, but they should be taken with appropriate medical guidance. \nThink of them as short-term tools to help steer your health in the right direction.
Embracing Our Common Humanity With Self-Compassion. One of the most important elements of self-compassion is the recognition of our shared humanity. Compassion is, by definition, relational.
4 Myths That May Be Affecting Your Waistline. Every day, we are tempted to try another weight loss product or fad diet. In fact, daily, we engage in thoughts that may not be conducive to our weight-loss goals.
Make Your Own Natural Lotion. Save your skin -- and your money -- by making your own natural body lotion, a thick and luxurious cream that will work from your face to your hands and toes.
Practice Being Fearless. Fear loses its power when you prepare yourself to meet it head-on. If you walked out onto a stage without preparing for a speech, of course you would be scared! But if you walk onto a stage after preparing -- practicing your lines and learning your craft -- the fear won't be quite as strong.
Stress Doesn't Have to Be That Stressful. Some life experiences do cause stress for most people. Illness, death, loss. I think we can agree that those are inherently stressful.  But much of our day-to-day stress is not.
Singing. During this harvest season, let's take time be grateful for the remarkable gift of voice, and live up to the responsibility of contributing to the symphony of life.
Is There a Way Out of Negative Cycles of Thought?. I have a choice between the thoughts I keep and the ones I need to trash, depending on whether they come from a place of light or of darkness. To me, these thoughts of light are those that stem from a divine source, which thoughts of darkness don't have.
Fear of Falling. Remaining physically active is essential, but it is only one part of a larger fall-prevention picture, which also includes medication management, vision upkeep, proper footwear and a safe home environment.
How The Obesity Focus Hurts the Health Movement. The \war on obesity\ is in desperate need of reframing and reconceptualization if it hopes to progress and fix some gargantuan wrongs.
Why This Mom Runs. Running brings me clarity. Balance. An outlet. Trusted confidantes. A feeling of power. A sense of achievement. Strong legs. Toned arms. I run because being an adult is hard. And being a runner makes it less hard.
Smoking and Drinking Linked to Earlier Pancreatic Cancer. While smoking is a strong risk factor for pancreatic cancer, these findings, published in the American Journal of Gastroenterology
West Nile Virus Kills 5 In The Balkans, Dozens Hospitalized. West Nile virus is a mosquito-borne disease usually found in temperate and tropical regions. While many cases are mild and
Neighborhood Walkability Could Influence Diabetes Risk. For more ways walking could improve your health, click through the slideshow below
Still Waters Run Deep. Therapy does not completely eradicate your issues. It lowers their volume and weakens their power. So if and when they do show up, we can recognize them, and put them back in their spot.
Foods With More Potassium Than A Banana. Not that it isn't deserved. One medium banana packs about 422 milligrams of potassium, about 11 percent of the 4,700 milligrams
GE Foods Shorten Life, Cause Tumors, Says First-Ever Long-Term Study. Meanwhile, contrary to popular belief, U.S. regulators at the Food and Drug Administration do not require independent studies
Bone Marrow Transplant. \Good Morning America\ co-anchor Robin Roberts, 51, is undergoing a bone marrow transplant today (Sept. 20), months after
You Need Help!. Families and friends face extraordinary challenges helping a loved one enter and remain in mental health treatment. They also will face a bewildering mental health system and terribly uneven quality of care. They need information, support and coaching.
3 Spiritual Steps for Handling Your Feelings. We all have unique ways of handling our feelings, and sometimes we can let our emotions get the best of us. I'm no exception!
Paula Abdul's Relaxation Rituals. The stress and strains of our always-connected lives can sometimes take us off course. GPS For The Soul can help you find
'Repetition Is a Response to Extreme Fear' -- A Conversation With the Markrams. I first read about The Intense World Theory in March of this past year. I was also just beginning to find blogs written by autistics. My world completely changed. So it was with great excitement that I sat down with Drs. Kamila and Henry Markram after their presentation on Aug. 1.
Would You Recognize a 'Headache That Kills'?. It certainly seems confusing. The sudden onset of an explosive headache may be the only warning of a deadly condition. On the other hand, the vast majority of the time these headaches are benign and not a cause for alarm.
Response to the Organic Debate in the Media. Putting a spin on science may grab attention -- but it's not making consumers more informed about their decisions.
Hope for Children and Adults With Cerebral Palsy. Sept. 4, 2012, was the first annual World Cerebral Palsy Day. This day was recognized for the estimated 17,000,000 global citizens diagnosed with cerebral palsy, in an effort to raise awareness across the world.
Feel the Anger and Be Fearless Anyway. I need to feel safe, open, and confident that all people's hard work will make a positive contribution and a difference in the world. What, then, is my next step? I will feel the anger and be fearless anyway.
Fight Over Sweeteners Is About Profit, Not Health Issues. A group of food companies has filed a lawsuit against the Sugar Association, a trade group representing the sugar industry, for making false claims in advertising that allegedly caused loss of profit and other damages.
Finding Your Soul's Bearings on New Frontier. To successfully navigate new frontier, we must surrender our external GPS and return to the one that never fails and can only be found within.
Public Speaking. Brian
Brik Fitness's Empowerment Playlist. Here at Brik Fitness, one of our core values is to inspire... through fun!  One of the most effective tools? Great music! A great playlist truly allows our clients to unfold, get into a rhythm and just flow with exercise!
7 Steps To Instant Calm. By Leslie Barrie But your body is well aware. All that tension could start a chain reaction of health problems. \When you
Practicing G.R.A.C.E.. My hope is that the G.R.A.C.E. model will help you to actualize compassion in your own life and that the impact of this will ripple out to benefit the people with whom you interact each day as well as countless others.
The Today Show's Joy Bauer Proves Yet Again That Anyone (Yes, Anyone!) Can Lose Weight. With inspirations like Joy Bauer getting the word out that anyone can achieve dieting success, we can leave all of the squeezing (including into clothes and other tight spaces) behind us once and for all.
What's Hope Got to Do With It?. Hope gives a glimpse of possibility not seen in the darkness.  Hope shows the way, but for an instant only.  We must act on it or it becomes nothing more than a pleasant memory, a feel-good moment.
School Meals Get a Makeover. These and other changes are part of the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act. I applaud the federal government for taking this important step that allows schools to create and reinforce healthy eating habits.
Why You Should Steer Clear of Coffee. Coffee is a drug.  And using it recreationally is certainly fine, or for the occasional pick me up when you just couldn't get enough sleep.  But there is a dark side of coffee and caffeine.
Yep, You Have Shingles. Whereas chickenpox is a household concept to many of us, shingles occur much less frequently and often much later in life.
Shopping for Health Care Just Got a Lot Easier!. OK, I'm not prepared to say that shopping for health insurance is ever going to be as easy as shopping for a can of soup, but on September 23 it's going to get a lot closer.
Perfume Health Risks. That favorite fragrance may be the one thing ladies must put on before leaving the house, but it may also contribute to a
Are Green Cleaners Safe? New Data May Surprise You. EWG's scientists looked at 2,000 cleaners over a one-year period and found half have ingredients known to harm our lungs.
6 Steps To Power Napping. I'm the least likely person to recommend naps. I've never been a napper. I've never understood why someone would want to
Brianna Skriver, 10-Year-Old Girl, Can't Walk, Talk Or Swallow (VIDEO). Throughout the past five years, Brianna, now 10, has undergone several tests, including a biopsy of her brain. With no diagnosis
The Best Under-Appreciated Exercises You Should Be Doing. By Nora Tobin for Shape.com For more on fitness and exercise, click here. When it comes to exercises, we tend to focus on
Bullying, Caretaking, and Spiritual Community. Because they are so good at some stuff, we often build up as leaders those who are gifted -- especially if what they are good at includes speaking, writing or performance. Sometimes they even become spokespeople for entire communities formed around their ideas and aspirations.
Shelter From the Storm. Did you see the story last week about Theresa Christian, the woman found stuck in her freezer after five days?  Authorities and family members are still speculating about this peculiar turn of events, but surmise Theresa became concerned about a possible tornado.
Rice Recommendations. Sept 19 (Reuters) - Consumer Reports is urging U.S. limits for arsenic in rice after tests of more than 60 popular products
The ACoA Trauma Syndrome. Old pain that gets imported into new relationships is the hallmark of the ACoA trauma syndrome.
12 Superfoods To Boost Your Brainpower. We've all had those days when we just can't seem to concentrate. And while there's no magic pill to bring us back to the
The Great Unifier. It makes me so proud that Rodale can provide a place for families to come and enjoy one of fall's greatest traditions, apple
Is Coffee Bad Or Good For Your Health? Two Experts Debate. Uh, where do we sign up? It's been linked to decreased risk of skin and prostate cancers. It might lower depression risk
Love Kills. Your ways of thinking and feeling, your likes and dislikes, your philosophies and ideologies melt down when you fall in love. That must happen to you; do not wait for another human being to come and do it. Just make it happen for yourself.
Counterbalancing to Compensate for Physical, Emotional, Intellectual, or Spiritual Weaknesses. As meditation and prayer helps to counterbalance the emotional and the physical, it also helps to counterbalance the intellectual.
8 No-Sweat Workouts. Whether you want to squeeze in a workout on your lunch hour or just don't want to wreck an amazing blowout, there are times
5 Diet-Wrecking Fast Food Creations. Some of the nation's largest fast-food chains have recently unleashed spectacularly diet un-friendly menu items. Here are
Coming Soon. Sensitive teeth may soon be a thing of the past. Scientists in Japan have created a super-thin film they hope will be able
Why Health Care Needs Social Media. Relationships are crucial to health. We know that people with more and stronger social connections are more likely to be well and happy, and social media can bolster that.
8 Bizarre Hollywood Beauty Secrets. By Jen\u00e9 Luciani for Shape.com A-list celebs have unprecedented access to cutting-edge beauty treatments the rest of the world
Do You Have Any 'Tells' That Show That You're Feeling Stressed?. I used to ignore or fight my tells, now I pay very close attention to them, which allows me to handle stress much better. Children's literature is one of my joys, and it's also my mental comfort food.
Corn. Despite being completely unnatural, hypoallergenic infant formulas are a critically needed feeding alternative for sensitive babies. But several years ago, I started to notice a problem -- and I suspected corn as the culprit.
Don't Let the Fear of Failure Limit Your Genius. In the course of writing my upcoming book, The Fear Project, again and again I've been seeing people -- very capable, smart people -- not even attempting their great ideas for one reason
Pets Looking More Like Their Obese Owners. Measure your pet's weight and body condition score. Web sites will give you an idea of where your dog's or cat's weight falls
Mindfulness and the Body. Mindfulness is not a matter of the transcendental mind overcoming the earthly body, but instead involves becoming reacquainted, familiar, and even loving with the body.
Taking Time. When did it become acceptable in America to treat helping strangers as \wasted time\?  Everyone in the world agrees -- they should, anyway -- that time is our most precious commodity.  But peoples' definitions of \wasted\ are another great cultural divider.
Hormone Therapy, Finally the Experts Agree. Finally, 15 top medical organizations have come together to issue a statement of agreement regarding the benefits of hormone therapy for symptomatic menopausal women.
Go Natural to Fight Tooth Decay and Halitosis. Just because there's no food that can fight bad breath doesn't mean that natural extracts from plants won't be able to improve your dental health.
The Best And Worst Foods For A Cold. We all think we know what to do to kick a cold. Everyone I spoke to over the past few days asked me if I was eating or drinking something different -- but what really works?
The Enemy Is Within, Not Without. We become fearless only when we can turn fear around and face it, get to know it, release resistance to it, and open our hearts.
Soul Mates of Karmic Connections?. People think soul mates are always harmonious relationships involving that perfect other who looks for us through space, time, and many lifetimes to be together happily every after now.
Art of Living. I have found the most productive, fun, and effective exercise for mastering discipline comes from playing poker. Fifty-two cards, eight opponents and a lifetime of lessons that can be applied to just about everything.
Healthy Choices Linked With Outlook On Life Study Claims. The study included information from 3,412 men and 3,901 women between ages 15 and 69 who were part of the Household, Income
Shades of Blue for Benghazi. So what can we do while dwelling in shades of blue?  First, we can remember that feeling grief is a natural and normal response that honors the very vibrancy of human life, the loss of which we mourn.
Weight Loss Problems. Weight loss comes with moments big and small, during which you may notice a side benefit to your achievement. There are the
Fearless Living Boot Camp, Day 9 (VIDEO). Being kind isn't for sissies. And keeping track of kindness may just be the thing that keeps you in a good mood all day long. (It's worth a try, right?)
Fix Your Form. Check out more in our Fix Your Form series below
Summer's Over! Back-to-School Routines for You and Your Pet. Just as your kids are prepared with backpacks filled with new supplies and clean books, your animal needs some preparation for the coming months.
English 3-Year-Old With Meningitis Saved By iPhone App Symptom Checker. Check out screenshots from the iPhone app that saved Hollie's life in the gallery below. If Claire Weeks had waited another
Paying Relaxed Attention. Today, I entreat you, even if things are flowing beautifully, practice relaxing yourself from head to toe in the midst of your intense on-the-ball focus, and consciously melt deeper into gentle ease with each breath.
Lack Of Good Oral Health Linked With Pancreatic Cancer Risk. The study included data from the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition Study, which included more
Scientists Grow Drug For Mucopolysaccharidosis I, Rare Disease, In Corn. (Reporting by Ben Hirschler; Editing by Louise Heavens) Some large companies have been looking at ways to make complex protein
'Head Games'. A
Conversation With Peter Sterios on 'Going Within'. How often do you turn your attention inward? How would you benefit from greater self-awareness?
John-Roger and Me. Everything I read in John-Roger's discourses I agreed with. Was John-Roger a kindred soul? Who was John-Roger? Why did I want to know? I had the discourses, the wisdom, the knowledge, the validation, confirmation I had sought. Why did I need or want to know who the author was?
How Meditation Makes You Fearless. The positive effects of a dedicated practice helped me transform my relationship to fear and stress, and so deeply impacted the quality of my life that meditation became one of the cornerstones of my psychotherapy practice -- and an integral part of my winning formula for helping clients overcome a host of issues to create lives they love.
What Does the Popularity of 50 Shades of Grey Say About Our Sexuality?. admit, I have not read 50 Shades of Grey. Because of that, I wouldn't pretend to know what either the storyline or the writing style says about female sexuality.
Buyer Beware. In July 2012, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) finally banned the use of BPA in baby bottles and children's drinking cups. Good news, to be sure, but why must we wait to have this likely carcinogen eliminated from our dietary supply entirely?
Bullying Can Be Stopped With Yoga. This is an interview with Dee Marie, MA, CYT who has been practicing yoga therapy in clinical settings since 1986 and instructing classes for students comprised of all ages, backgrounds, and abilities.
The Severe Toll of Negative Politics... and What You Can Do to Fix It. Compassion for others is not only the hallmark of person mental and spiritual health, but also necessary for a positive, thriving society.
From Spouse to Caregiver. One particular aspect that is often affected, but seldom openly discussed, is how memory impairment affects the sexual expression of a person with Alzheimer's disease or related form of memory loss.
A New Season, A New You. Jan. 1 isn't the only chance we have to get a fresh start on our health and fitness goals. Moreover, we should adopt the idea that right now is the best time to start. Use the cooler weather or the back to school vibe to set yourself up for success with a new fitness schedule.
Healthy Food. No matter how many articles we write or edit about how which nutrient-rich superfoods are the best eats to fuel our bodies
Stimulate Yourself. Traveling or living abroad, especially in a developing country, is a quick fix way to make our soul strings vibrate. But vibrate they must, wherever you are, whatever you do.
I Lost Weight. Breaking Point
Take A Shot! 5 Things You Should Chance It On. By Jene Luciani for Shape.com More From Shape
Work Stress Could Raise Heart Risks. Need some help unwinding? Click through the slideshow for some natural stress-relief options. In the telomere study, published
Spiritual Awakenings, Enlightenment and the Kitchen Sink. Spiritual awareness often begins at the point where our inner thoughts reflectively seek meaning in the external world of our drama.  This search empowers the transformation of unconscious perception into awakened vision.
'Peace' Is Pretty in Pink, Too!. Twenty years ago, a divine gift touched my soul and stirred my spirit. While visiting my cousin in California, her then-6-year-old daughter Nikki and I spent a whole glorious day playing dolls.
Weekly Meditations for Healthy Sex (Sept. 16 - 23). We've created daily meditations for you to reach your potential for sexual health. Here are three meditations on the themes of arousal, values, and open-heartedness for you to ponder and practice this week.
Embassy Attacks Spotlight Social Responsibility. We are no longer only part of our family, neighborhood and local political ward. Social media links us to a worldwide family to which we must be responsible, or suffer an increasingly war-filled, global consequence.
Smokers Have More Sleep Troubles, Study Finds. Smokers may have more trouble sleeping than non-smokers, according to a new study from German researchers. \It is possible
Can We Take Too Much Fish Oil?. One of my patients asked me about a recent article she read in a magazine that said that fish oil supplement consumption may lead to increased risk of cancer. She has rheumatoid arthritis, and takes fish oil for help with controlling inflammation in her body.
Fearless Living Boot Camp, Day 8 (VIDEO). It's been said that sometimes the fastest way to make a change is to fake it until you make it, and if you want to take an action that transforms your attitude (I'm not kidding) and increases your confidence immediately, you gotta do today's challenge.
Fear Of Aging. If you grow up with a negative attitude, are abusive to others, complain about everything, and are never thankful for the blessings in your life, then you probably are going to be a grumpy, mean 'ole cuss.
Natalie Cosman, 8-Year-Old Diagnosed With Ovarian Cancer, Is Now Cancer-Free. An estimated 22,280 women are expected to be diagnosed with ovarian cancer this year. However, with the median age of diagnosis
Physician Heal Thyself. In a time in which physician burnout is at high levels, developing mindfulness practices such as yoga can only be beneficial in the doctor's own life as a powerful antidote to some of the daily administrative and payment -- not to mention patient-related -- stress.
The Blessing of Your Inconveniences. Unless you are on your way to the hospital or living on the street and have nothing to eat, a detour on the road called \your daily life\ is not so much a problem -- it's an inconvenience.
Very Big Shifting Shows Up in Small Pattern Changes. When patterns of contact change, something big is happening. The tell is in the shifting rhythm of silence.
State Fair Food. But if you commit to just enjoying yourself completely, don't beat yourself up afterwards. \Have a perspective on things
How Do I Know If He or She Is the Right Partner for Me?. I often receive emails from people asking me how they can know if the person they are in relationship with is the right partner for them. They frequently say that they have made mistakes in the past, and they don't want to make a mistake again.
How to Deal With a Victim Mentality. Whether you're confronting someone with a \victim\ mentality or transforming your own negativity, being empathic is vital. Elevating you to the realm of the heart, empathy allows you to non-defensively understand, even have mercy on antagonizers.
Stop Chasing Happiness (and a Better Moment) and Discover Lasting Contentment Right Now. We spend our lives trying to get to some imaginary there, where lasting happiness awaits.  What we don't know how to do is to get to here, where we are.  We discover well-being when we shift our focus toward this moment and what is actually here.
Fearless Living Boot Camp, Day 7 (VIDEO). When you get fearless, your confidence rises. You trust yourself. And the best part? Fear takes a back seat and you can be up front in your life and choose the path you want to take without fear messing it up.
No, You Won't Cause Your Child Irreparable Harm by Teaching Him Better Sleep Habits. I was really pleased to read this study. Its findings confirm what I have repeatedly seen in my own practice (and family)
Exercise Could Relieve Stress And Anxiety Even After The Workout Is Over. For some workout ideas to help you bust stress and calm your mind, click through this slideshow from our friends at Shape.com
3-Parent IVF. \If this is allowed...it has consequences in perpetuity.\ There is a need, she added, to balance \the desire to help families
Fearless Forgiveness. In 2007, Chris Williams's pregnant wife and two of his four children were killed in a car accident that was caused by a drunk
FEARLESS MEMOIR. Daddy walked over to me and put his hand on my shoulder. \Wait till you're older to try and smoke,\ he said. \There's no need to rush it. And please, whatever you do, don't smoke oval cigarettes in pink paper with a silver filter.\
25 Health Tips Our Readers Want You To Know. -Lori S. -Elizabeth Keung Vilece What's your go-to health tip? What health advice do you have your doubts about? Tell us
'That Was Then, This Is Now'. We eat our veggies and pack in a morning workout, but all of us -- all of us -- have at least one bad health behavior. For
Cortisol Switcharoo (Part 3). \Cortisol switch\ is when you flip from the cortisol love -- which is where cortisol is helping you be productive, helping you focus, helping you feel on top of the world -- to the cortisol hate. You hit the wall.
Do Chia Seeds Deserve Their Health Hype?. I had never heard of chia until a couple of years ago when a health-minded friend started crowing about her latest superfood. \It's loaded with omega-3s; the Aztecs used to grow it,\ she told me. Intrigued, I wanted to find out if chia truly did deserve the health hype.
Agarikon. I am convinced Agarikon and other polypore mushrooms hold yet-undiscovered medicines of incalculable value. If Agarikon's antivirals prove to be effective in clinical trials, I do not think it is an exaggeration to say we should save our old growth forests as a matter of national defense.
What Would I Do If I Were Fearless?. Fears hold us back in so many ways. Remember, most of us are living lives of habits and patterns ruled unconsciously by fear. It's time to WAKE UP to our fears and begin to live our lives from a conscious basis of love and understanding -- not an unconscious basis of fear!
Beginning the End of the Year. September to the end of December is a great time to assess your life, regroup and make a plan of attack in order to achieve what you want before the end of the year. There is nothing better than pulling out a success in the last few months of the year to end 2012 on a high.
Ego, Part 1. My internal arguments would be a bit embarrassing to replay -- but they are part of being human. Watching my mind at work has been such a humbling and wisdom-building process. It is amazing how my ego can see \danger\ in harmless situations.
How To Pick The Best Mattress. Thanks to Joyce Walsleben, David M. Rapoport and Nicole Lehman for their help with this article. The reason for all this
Fearless Living Boot Camp, Day 6 (VIDEO). If you've ever called yourself a name or put yourself down or stopped yourself in any way, that is the ol' ring of fear that is holding your good back. Yes, your good. It's right there on the other side of fear.
Big Apple Bans Big Soda. Now that the New York City Board of Health has ratified Mayor Bloomberg's plan to ban sugar-sweetened beverages (well, some such beverages, really) larger than 16 oz., we should be able to answer the question
Mindfulness. In the video below, Marianne Prins, a teacher at Sir William Van Horne Elementary in Vancouver, leads her third graders in
Mark Hyman's GPS Guide. The stress and strains of our always-connected lives can sometimes take us off course. GPS For The Soul can help you find
FEARLESS MEMOIR. Gee and I found ourselves in the camper with Matthew, who had assumed a prissy attitude. He restated that we had come to the World's Fair as a family and that we should go to the exhibits as a family. We agreed, but what could we do? None of us wanted to spend the day in a bar.
High Use Of Tylenol, Advil Linked With Increased Risk Of Hearing Loss In Women, Study Suggests. Researchers examined the effects of acetaminophen, ibuprofen and aspirin on the hearing of 62,261 women who were between
Conversation With Sharon Gannon on 'Yoga, Life and Being Vegan'. What is the relationship between yoga and transformation? How can what you eat affect how you live? I caught up with the co-founder of the Jivamukti Yoga Method, Sharon Gannon. With over 25 years of teaching and activism, she is credited for making yoga \cool and hip.\
The Key to Escaping Chaos. You have to wonder why it is that we tend to try to overcome chaos as opposed to escaping it altogether.  Perhaps we forget that it's possible.  Or maybe we mistake the signs for obstacles that need to be or could be overcome.
I Lost Weight. Breaking Point
At-Home Workouts. There's always some sort of physical activity you can be doing, regardless of your housing situation.
New Findings on X-Ray Risks Pose Dilemma for Young Women Prone to Developing Breast Cancer. Last week delivered some disconcerting news for people with a specific, strong inherited high risk for developing cancer.
Life Changes. Life changes as we change. It's a natural part of life. Accepting these inevitable changes are instrumental to our personal health and happiness. Making new decisions can be challenging.
Noisy Neighborhoods Could Impact Sleep, Study Suggests. Because Atlanta wasn't even one of the top metro areas to cite traffic noise as an issue in a recent Census Bureau survey
Eat Healthy (And Lose Weight) on Only $8 Per Day!. There is this misconception that eating a healthy diet is more expensive than eating a junk diet.  True, if you think loading your shopping cart with low-fat, sugar-free, low-calorie processed snacks is the answer to healthy eating and weight loss.
Can Good Stress Improve Your Health?. It turns out that having a challenging career can actually be quite good for you. Counter to what we often hear, a landmark study recently found that certain types of stress are linked to living longer lives.
Fearless Living Boot Camp, Day 5 (VIDEO). Yep. We are here at the DIE Zone. It's not so scary once you get the hang of it. And I want you to know it inside out.
Guide to Personal Brand Management. One of my biggest concerns today is that people are forgetting that what they say, type and Tweet can be spread around the globe in a matter of seconds.
Is Organic Food Healthier?. Given that similar analyses have found different results, it makes sense to take all of these studies with a grain of salt
Health Blog Roundup. Make the most of your morning commute with these four yoga tips for the car from FitSugar. For more on fitness and exercise
McDonald's Adds Calorie Counts To Menus. The researchers evaluated New York City patrons before and after calorie counts were made mandatory and then looked at a
Stopping the Surge of Military Suicides. This week's release of a National Strategy for Suicide Prevention is an important step forward, but we must now invest the resources, develop innovative partnerships, and take the actions necessary across all sectors of society to prevent this silent wound of war and tragic loss of life among America's service men and women.
Your Medical Records May Not Be Private. What if you were to find out those medical records containing your private history, family history and medication history
Metal Hip Implants Not Linked To Cancer, 7-Year Study Shows. The United States has no independent registry tracking the performance of medical devices over time, and health regulators
Hold Wants Lightly. The art is to pursue wholesome desires with enthusiasm, discipline, and skill without getting all hot and bothered about them, and to enjoy life's pleasures without getting attached to them.
Shark Attack. I read a survey once that said one of the most common fears is being attacked by a shark. Well, been there, done that, and I survived. Even though everything afterward was worse than the actual attack, it was just another fear I had to face, and even embrace.
Fight for Equality in Mental Health Coverage. Mental health illnesses should be treated no differently than any physical illness in the body. The days of stigmatizing mental illness, of turning our backs on those who need our help, of walking away from this problem, are over.
How Do You Make Lifestyle Changes?. In my practice I have seen that people generally make lifestyle changes in one of two ways. Neither is right or better. However, it is valuable to know what group you fall into so that you can plot the best course for making changes.
Norway Tobacco Display Ban Upheld. \We are not happy with the ruling,\ said Phillip Morris spokesman Nordan Helland. \We will now look carefully at the court's
Peanut Allergies May Have Tripled Over The Last Decade. The findings are based on more than 500 people with potential diagnoses of peanut allergy, which yielded 170 actual new cases
The Best Yoga Moves For Flat Abs. There's not just one formula for a flat belly. And since few people truly enjoy traditional abs exercises, the best way to
Celiac Disease and Gluten Sensitivity. What is the difference between gluten sensitivity and celiac disease?  Is it a spectrum? Can you have gluten sensitivity and not have the gene for celiac?
Fatter, Slower, Sicker. The vast majority of Americans still consider their food choices as a personal matter and exercise of individual freedom that should not be regulated or interfered with. That's understandable, but the consequences are plain to see.
Brushing Your Teeth May Lower Dementia Risk (And 8 Other Reasons To Brush). However, they also warned that the study did not prove a cause-and-effect relationship between brushing teeth and dementia
Dream Big. I want my daughter to dream... big. And fearlessly. To take the road less traveled. Me? I get to be her cheerleader and sometimes a voice of reason. But right now I am discovering I need to let my child be a child and dream, dream, dream. And in the process I am learning to dream.
GPS Guide. The stress and strains of our always-connected lives can sometimes take us off course. GPS For The Soul can help you find
Redefining Relevance. There is nothing wrong with manifesting the life we dream of, but the real secret is even after we manifest our imagined life, we won't truly live our bliss until we have a loving and healthy relationship with ourselves.
I'll Have What She's Having. Have you ever gone to a restaurant with the healthiest intentions -- a salad followed by grilled fish and steamed vegetables -- only to find yourself halfway through a bacon cheeseburger and onion rings?
Got 5 Minutes? Meditate In A Garden. For more on meditation, click here. More From U.S. News Health Best Foods To Eat For Your Mood -- And A Few Bad Ones How
Recalculating. When things do not go our way, it is easy to believe the mind's condemnations. By doing so, we put ourselves into a far deeper hell than the true event could possibly cause.  To avoid that hell is to choose to be re-minded.
Friend or Food? The Ideology of How We Decide. Dr. Melanie Joy wants to engage in meaningful dialogue about the entrenched ideology that allows people to shut their minds to the reality of what it means to be a meat eater and to ignore the cruelty inherent in animal agriculture.
Sleep Problems May Predict Alzheimer's Plaques, Animal Study Suggests. In order to confirm that it was in fact the amyloid beta in the plaques that were having the effect on the mice's sleep, the
Why I Quit Junk Food Cold Turkey. I might not live longer, but I feel great. That makes passing up the French fries -- and the French toast, drizzled with so much butter and syrup even the new me pauses for a moment of wistful -- so worth it.
When Is More Not Always Better? Advances in Science That Raise Important Questions. While advances in science no doubt help us in countless ways, and in no way am I suggesting we impede the development of medicines that improve the quality of our lives, we need to keep a watchful eye on the cultural pressures some unwittingly create.
Welcome to the Fall Term in the School of Hard Knocks. Actively taking moments throughout the day to cultivate a more accurate, full perspective on your day might help you to see the flowers that are blooming, even in the rain!
Peyton Manning, Difficult Conversations and Dr. Hank. Sixty minutes was plenty of time for me to give a game plan to the 400 executives who wanted to know how to handle difficult conversations.  In fact, it is one of the most frequents topics that I am asked to speak on by Corporate America.
Please, Don't Diss the Water. We all deserve water and the more we drink it, the better. It's time to teach our children and ourselves that when it comes to quenching thirst and hydrating the body, nothing beats good old H2O.
Doctor Empathy Linked With Better Patient Outcomes. The findings show even more \empirical support for the beneficial effects of empathy in patient care,\ study researcher Mohammadreza
How to Move On When There's No Place to Move to. By learning to control our thoughts, we slowly, ever so slowly learn to control our emotions -- without sacrificing our capacity to feel.  As we control our emotions, we ever so slowly alter our perceptions.
Oral Hygiene Habits of the Interesting. \It often takes from 3-10 years to learn to swallow a single sword, practicing multiple time a day, and some people never learn.\
Fearless Living Boot Camp, Day 4 (VIDEO). Risk is a necessity to being fearless. And it's a precursor to being happy. That's right. You heard me. You can't be happy if you aren't willing to risk.
Lizzie Velasquez, Born Without Adipose Tissue. The Telegraph reported that doctors believe she may have something called Neonatal Progeroid Syndrome. It is a condition
Diet And Fitness Tips To Help You Sleep. Before you shell out a portion of the billions of dollars Americans are expected to spend this year on pills, drinks or medical
Five Guiding Questions for Living Life to the Fullest. We've all heard the clich\u00e9s -- life is fleeting. Time flies. As I write this, the year is already two-thirds over and it feels like it just started. Some years are like that, and 2012 is one.
The Top 10 Workout Songs for September. This month's top 10 draws heavily from the Top 40.  Accordingly, it's heavy on pop tunes--albeit from a variety of genres. Here's the full list, according to a poll on Run Hundred -- the web's most popular workout music blog.
International Overdose Awareness Day. While there can be no illusions about the amount of resources and work required to make the right vision a reality, raising public awareness on International Overdose Awareness Day is an important step in the right direction.
The Organic Food Lie. The media reporting of a new Stanford study purporting to show that organic food has no substantial benefit over conventionally grown food is a wonderful example of how to reduce a complex issue into a sound bite.
5 Hidden Dangers at the Gym. Similar to a hospital, you'd expect the gym to be a healthy and safe place. But also similar to a hospital, gyms can have lurking, hidden dangers that leave you injured or sick if you're not careful.
Spiritual Lessons From the Presidential Election. Lately I've been checking in with many of my Spirit Junkie contemporaries about their experience of the forthcoming election. Though everyone has different opinions, one common theme that kept coming up was an overarching sense of apathy.
Winning the Quiet Game With My Mind. My first days of meditation sitting were glorified naptimes. When my thoughts quieted, I fell asleep. But after a couple days of practice, I was able to stay awake during these periods of respite. I like to think my center of consciousness migrated back to my heart.
Living (and Dying) on a Diet of Unintended Consequences. We need dietary guidance that is explicit about foods people should and shouldn't eat. Guidance that says once and for all, \If it glows in the dark -- whether it's low in fructose or not, low in fat or not, low in sodium or not -- step away from the box, and nobody will get hurt!\
The Bully at Work. When we talk about bullies, we typically place them at school.  Bullying in school and its devastating impact on those who are bullied has made its way into mainstream consciousness. But bullying doesn't stop at the school level.
Katy Hayes, Texas Mom Who Lost Limbs To Flesh-Eating Bacteria, Will Get First U.S. Double-Arm Transplant. By Ros Krasny The transplant could give Hayes the ability to flex and extend her elbows and to lift herself out of a wheelchair
How To Lose Weight While You Sleep. Groundbreaking research shows that sleep deprivation may be the secret reason why you can't lose weight. Learn how to sleep
Colton And Abbygail Ainslie, Siblings With SCID, Among First Cured Of 'Bubble Boy Disease'. And while Colton will likely need some treatments for the rest of his life -- including monthly injections -- Abbygail will
Remembering Big Guy. When I was 26 I had the perfect boyfriend.  Big, strong, loving, caring, attentive, and always around.  Happy to curl up on the bed next to me while I read a book.  Okay, so he was an Airedale, is there something wrong with that?  No downside at all as far as I was concerned.
I Lost Weight. For more on weight loss, click here. Got a success story of your own? Send it to us at success.stories@huffingtonpost.com
Catch Up, Part 2. Everyone that I've met on this run would have absolutely loved Jill. She had one of those personalities with which people could immediately relate. She would also be proud that we have been able to educate people about the daunting truth of lung cancer.
GPS Guide. For more GPS Guides, click here. We all hope. GPS Guides are our way of showing you what works for others in the hopes that
Eating Less Red Meat Could Benefit Health And Environment, Study Suggests. The BMJ Open study included data from the National Diet and Nutrition Survey of British Adults in 2000-2001. Researchers
For a Minute There, I Lost Myself. As I continued to listen to \Karma Police\ by Radiohead, I mused aloud \Actually, that's what depression is
Fluoride In The Water. The flouride debate is heating up, as several American cities consider banning it from the water supply. Opponents of flouride
Is the Stanford School of Medicine Pro-Pesticides?. Stanford School of Medicine (SOM) is not pro-pesticides. The study was a meta-analysis, which means it analyzed a large group
Genetic Test For Autism Developed By Australian Scientists. About one in 150 children has autism, with symptoms ranging from social awkwardness and narrow interests to severe communication
Rise of the Cyberhero. Recognizing this groundswell of cyber-era empowerment and social activism, psychologist Dana Klisanin has proposed a new cultural archetype of the \cyberhero\ -- those engaged in digital-era altruism.
Forgetting God, Afghanistan, and Generosity. This is the story omitted in Tampa, in Charlotte. However far we stray from any perfect union, there is something true that must be counted. Our generosity, however inadequate, is the best of who we are.
Kathy Bates Undergoes Double Mastectomy For Breast Cancer. Lumpectomy is also an option, where much of the breast is conserved and just the tumor is taken out, according to the Mayo
Exercise. My mentor, the late great nutritionist Robert Crayhon, used to say this
Acceleration, Re-Entry and the Ever-Rising Bar. With greater frequency I've recently wondered why I'm being shown the splendor and richness of the world that I've been fortunate enough to experience and can only conclude there must be a greater purpose -- a grander design to it -- than my own personal fulfillment.
9/11 Reflections. On 9/11/01, then-Goldman Sachs career coach Roy Cohen was in the South Tower of the World Trade Center when the plane hit
An Interview With Amy Sequenzia, a Non-Speaking Autistic Writer and Poet. Amy Sequenzia, a non-speaking autistic self-advocate, poet and writer, agreed to an interview with me. Amy is someone whose work I have been following since I met her this past spring.
Compassion Behind Bars. If someone who has committed a crime so severe as to warrant jail time can develop compassion, wisdom, and a spirit of service, there is little doubt that we who walk free can do so too.
Food Cravings. More from Shape.com
Beauty and the Beasts. The Safe Chemicals Act would end the disastrous effects of chemicals that will pass from one generation to another. We would like to think that when we take a shower, shampoo our hair, or apply makeup, we are doing so without inflicting harm to ourselves.
Fix Your Form. Tell us how it goes in the comments below, and be sure to check back over the following weeks to fix your form on the row
The Curbside Consult. Being the ever-so-snarky lady that she is, Molly simply replied, \You have tinnitus and are going about it all wrong.\  I asked her to start from the beginning.  Here's how it went down.
Want a Side of Infertility With Those Eggs?. We all do it. The minute after we decide to move out to a home of our own, we're tapping away at a registry imagining creating the perfect meal in the perfect kitchen outfitted with the perfect pots and pans.
Good Communication Is as Simple as Paying Attention. In the simplest of terms, good communication only involves two steps
How To Get Rid Of The Hiccups. There may be some survival benefit to hiccups
Consumer Access to Health Care Information and the ONC. The Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology of the Department of Health and Human Services recently held its 2012 Consumer Health IT Summit on the continuing effort to advance consumer access to health information.
How Sleep Deprivation Affects Our Attractiveness And Approachability. What if Sleeping Beauty's secret was actually just that
Famous Faces Of Lymphoma. Lymphoma is cancer of the body's lymphatic system -- the bone marrow, lymph nodes, thymus gland and spleen, the Mayo Clinic
Yoga. This is an interview with Lisa Wimberger, who began serving first responders in 2007 teaching mindfulness Neurosculpting\u00ae trainings at national law enforcement agencies.
Navigating Change. How do you deal with and feel about change? There are those change junkies out there who can't stop seeking the newest, most thrilling, most different thing around the bend. Then there are their opposites. Where do you fall along this spectrum?
NCAN. The researchers also conducted experiments in mice to find the association between NCAN and mania. They experimented with
Katie Couric Hosts Aimee Copeland Who Suffered From Flesh-Eating Bacteria. And that positive attitude (the music lover mouthed along and danced to Bob Marley's \This Is Love\ during one commercial
Secondhand Smoke May Affect Memory, Study Suggests. A small new study shows that secondhand smoke may have more health dangers beyond respiratory damage. Plus, a study last
The Remedy for Frozen Shoulder That No One Talks About. Frozen shoulder, also known as adhesive capsulitis, isn't as official as it sounds. Frozen shoulder just refers to shoulder pain that leads to restricted range of motion. It is a catch-all diagnosis for shoulder pain and immobility for which the underlying cause is unknown.
I'm a Runner. I've heard some people say that you're not a runner until you run your first race, or until you run 50 miles a week, or until you run your first marathon. Some people are even generous enough to say you simply have to take your first steps.  I disagree with all of this.
Accepting Absolutely Everything. The way out of our cage begins with accepting absolutely everything we are feeling about ourselves and our lives, by embracing with wakefulness and care our moment-to-moment experience.
7 Ways to Transform your Life... From 7 Expert Yogis. I recently attended Omega's 2012 Being Yoga Conference Retreat at their beautiful Rhinebeck, N.Y. campus. This conference attracted me because I was interested in how the concept of \being yoga\ can apply to personal transformation for the everyday person -- not just the avid yogi.
Talent Isn't Always Enough.... First, one needs to consciously decide to take control of their life. To direct your life is both a pleasure and a pain. The pleasure is a symptom of going through the pain. And by just making that decision, we begin our journey to being the person we've always wanted to be.
Yoga to the Rescue. If your lower back simply feels tense or tight, taking five minutes to practice this simple sequence of yoga postures can help alleviate your discomfort.
Catch Up, Part 1. This is an update on The Great Lung Run, my 3,500-mile run across the country to raise money and awareness for lung cancer. I am taking on this challenge in honor of a dear childhood friend, Jill Costello, who lost her battle with lung cancer at just 22.
Hospice. The care G. provided his grandfather, who died in 2010 at age 94, was at once ordinary -- millions care for their loved ones through aging, illness and dying -- and extraordinary.
Diabetes Rates Among People Of Certain Ethnic Groups In The UK Are 'Astonishingly High'. For the study, published in the journal Diabetes Care, researchers led by Nish Chaturvedi at Imperial College London looked
Healthy Summer Habits To Hold Onto For Fall. The temps are (slowly) starting to drop and the kids are back in school, but you don't have to completely lose that summer
Why the 'Why'?. We are often so focused on finding answers that we forget to keep asking questions.  We need to explore the unknown in order to further our learning.
The 'Science' of Yoga Marches On. So far, the work of NCCAM hasn't attracted much media attention.  But expect all that to change as more and more studies come online, and the research begins to challenge -- as well as support -- other long-standing yoga health claims.
Fall Is Here, So Let's Kick It Up a Gear! (Part 1). As a result, we will be increasing your post-exercise oxygen consumption (EPOC), which is really a fancy way to say that you are going to burn more calories, even after the cardio session ends.
Coconut Oil Treated With Enzymes May Prevent Tooth Decay. The researchers conducted their study on untreated coconut oil and the enzyme-treated coconut oil. They put the oils up against
Why We Lie. Researchers at the University of Amsterdam and Ben-Gurion University of the Negev conducted experiments where study participants
The Most Fearless Surfer. Despite having to beg for survival, despite being constantly teased and taunted by men and women who say surfing is inappropriate for girls, despite living in a country where 2 million children suffer acute malnutrition, Nassima, at just 14, had managed to beat all the local boys in an annual surf contest.
What We're Talking About When We're Talking About Cleansing. The traditional roles mentioned remain powerful. But a new metric for assessing how we measure up has taken root. Now the
8 Ways to Annoy a Friend With a Chronic Illness. Talk to your friend. Say, \I have realized there are times when I have said the wrong thing. Can you tell me some things
Those Pesky Unconscious Goals. In these studies, the researchers were interested in whether activating a goal without conscious awareness would interfere with tasks that people were consciously trying to pursue.
What Did Johnny Cash Write in His To-Do List?. I was enchanted to see Phil Patton's piece in the New York Times on \Our Longing for Lists.\ The piece was illustrated with the image of Johnny Cash's to-do list (which, by the way, reportedly sold at auction in December 2010 for $6,250).
The Elephant in the Room. We must embrace those in need.  Our military troops and veterans suffer in painful numbers from addiction and trauma.  They, along with anyone else suffering from these illnesses, need a soft landing. They need to know that coming forward leads not toward disaster, but toward freedom.
Hantavirus From 'Hoarding. \If there were rodents in this home that potentially had hantavirus that means there are others in the community that are
Non-Alcoholic Red Wine Trumps The Original For Blood Pressure Benefits, Study Suggests. \Although we don't yet have evidence for any sustained decrease in blood pressure, the small reduction we saw over the short
Marijuana Use Linked With Increased Risk Of Testicular Cancer. Researchers from the Keck School of Medicine at the University of Southern California found that young men who used marijuana
Does Your Menopause Affect Your Mental Health?. Many women worry that reaching menopause will tip their emotional wellbeing. If your menopause seems to be affecting your mental health, talk openly about it with your doctor.
What Your Gut Is Telling You. In other words
Secrets To Never Getting Sick. Research shows that people who practice good hygiene get sick less often than those who don't wash their hands regularly
A Meditation for the Fall. Now is a good time to clear out some mental baggage, purify any sense of guilt or remorse about what we did or didn't do over the summer, and reset our intention for the fall.
Fearless Art. Not unlike Picasso, who took on the atrocities of the Spanish Civil War, or da Vinci, who introduced wild ideas such as flying machines, these artists aim to be change agents and, may I dare say, should be placed alongside the greats.
New Season, New Shopping List. To avoid falling off the bandwagon this fall, try these mainstay items that help you stay on track, lose weight, and add lots of flavor to your meals and snacks.  A lot of these items can also be used to substitute healthy foods for higher-calorie ones.
What We Really Think About Fairness. By Amy Kraft (Click here for the original article and podcast) Unbeknownst to the participants, the experiment was arranged
Best Health Books. All types of books can change our lives, but health books have a potent ability to influence our lifestyle habits. If you\u2019ve
FEARLESS MEMOIR. I loved I Dream of Jeannie and always thought it would be great to have a genie in a bottle who would grant me three wishes. I'd probably end up forfeiting one of my wishes to get Daddy to stop drinking, because all that came out of his bottle was the devil.
Life Without Guilt. Surely we should relish those rare things that make us happy. Surely we should experience the full, rich range of our emotions. And surely we can live freer lives without the dead weight of guilt.
Beyond 'Letting Go'. While I have experienced -- and want to affirm -- the absolute centrality of letting go, I would like to complicate it somewhat also. Because it matters what you're letting go into -- and that, I think, is actually the harder part of the work.
Keisha Senter, President's Office At The Rockerfeller Foundation, Finds Her Center At HuffPost's RNC Oasis. 3. What makes you feel your best, most vibrant self? Get a great mascara! The secret of mascara can completely transform
Why Does My Dog Curl Up In A Ball When He Sleeps?. Well, yes, says Dr. Margaret Gruen, D.V.M., a clinician at NC State University College of Veterinary Medicine Animal Behavior
Is Your Work Ethic Affecting Your Health?. What's behind our compulsion to work constantly? Why do we feel so compelled to be productive all the time even when we know it isn't good for us? And, most importantly, how can we stop the cycle?
No Fitness Gear? Exercise Swaps For Similar Results. By Jessica Smith for Shape.com Workout routines from DVDs and magazines can be super helpful when it comes to reaching your
Fearless Children Can Inspire a Nation. I know that whether my children rise to dizzying heights or fall down flat on their road through life, I'll be right there cheering alongside them.
GPS Guide. The stress and strains of our always-connected lives can sometimes take us off course. GPS For The Soul can help you find
FEARLESS MEMOIR. Daddy wanted to go back to the Brewers' Pavilion because they'd seemed to like people who drank, so he knew he wouldn't be cut off the booze chain.
The Art of Manifesting Our Dreams. Ever wonder why some people seem to walk around with a dark cloud hovering over them and others appear to bring their own sunshine wherever they go?
Stand Up To Cancer. This was the first airing since co-founder Laura Ziskin lost her own battle with the disease in 2011. Last night, the stars
Moral Discipline. When a desire to act non-virtuously arises, a bodhisattva must exercise moral discipline by bringing to mind a thought or feeling that prevents him or her from acting on the non-virtuous desire.
The 10 Commandments Of Weight Loss. By Beth W. Orenstein Medically reviewed by Lindsey Marcellin, M.D., M.P.H. Here's a godsend
Oasis 2012. You met the volunteers, you caught up with the attendees (though some were asleep) and you even got a peek into some of the
Why Are We So Bad at Getting a Good Night's Sleep?. As a society, we still wear our sleep deprivation, and our ability to function on minimal rest, as a badge of honor. The most important change we could make to turn our collective sleep habits around? We could start taking sleep a whole lot more seriously.
9 Ways to Overcome Anxiety Without Medication. Most people don't understand how vital a role food plays in improving your mood. Trudy Scott, certified nutritionist (CN), educates women about the amazing healing powers of food and nutrients and helps them find natural solutions for anxiety and other mood-related issues.
Thriving While Dying. \My doctors say I have at best three months left to live. I refuse to believe it and know that working with you will help me survive.\ That's how my work began with the client who taught me the most about living fearlessly and making every second count.
The Unemployed Community. When someone we know loses their job, we must be mindful of the profound emotional stressors they face.  We can encourage them to stay connected to their personal communities by socializing with friends and staying engaged with professional networks, as well.
Courage Is Like Love. To face the future with courage we must believe that we have the power, the resolve, the tolerance to contribute to a world that we and our children will want to live in.
How to Sleep Well When Traveling. Sleeping in the best of circumstances can be difficult for many people, and the vast majority of us will struggle with sleeplessness at some point or other.
What Caused The Yosemite Hantavirus Outbreak?. It was originally described in the Four Corners region of New Mexico in the high desert. But more than half of the states
How A Hangover Works. In the morning, that translates to classic dehydration symptoms
Home Health Aides. For an aging nation -- and a home health aide industry expecting stratospheric growth over the next decade -- we must ensure that people like Angela and the care she delivers are not so rare.
The Rise of Non-Perfectionist Veganism, Part II. Think about someone who loves animals and wants to live more compassionately. He checks out veganism, but is bewildered and discouraged by what seems to him to be a lot of rules and a lot of deprivation. He turns to a vegan for help and is told that, \veganism is easy.\
Running From Love. What's likely going on is that you have a fear of losing yourself in the relationship. And the more you like the person, the bigger your fear of engulfment and commitment gets. Why? There are a number of reasons you might fear losing yourself in a relationship.
Taoism in Three Easy Pieces. You may have noticed that a strong thread of lightheartedness, humor and flexibility weaves throughout all of these concepts. And if you were to adopt a little bit of those as a daily practice, you'll have no choice but to have a healthier, happier life in the long run.
Casting Doubt on Organic Food. All the food I buy is organic. I don't want those chemical pesticides and herbicides on my food and I don't want a noxious
Alzheimer's Drug Race. LONDON, Sept 7 (Reuters) - Roche Holding AG believes it has moved into pole position in the race to develop an Alzheimer's
Single Leg Barbell Romanian Deadlift. Initiate the movement by moving your hips back. Keep the slight bend in your front knee the entire time. As your hips move
Standing E-Z Bar Curls. Grab an E-Z Bar with a medium grip and palms facing up. Lower the weight until your arms are fully extended, pause, and repeat
Push Ups. Get into a push up position with your body straight and arms extended. Your hands should be in line and wider than shoulder
Seated Dumbbell Shoulder Press. Reset so you are in the proper starting position and repeat. Set up a bench so the back is at about a 90-degree angle. Grab
Seated Dumbbell Zottman Curls. Lower the dumbbells under control, again keeping your elbows at your sides, until your arms are fully extended. At the end
Side Plank. Hold for as long as you can while keeping good form. Make sure your chest stays up and your hips do not sag. Lie down on
Hanging Leg Raise (Bent Knee, Ab Straps). Secure a pair of Ab straps over a pull-up bar. Reach your arms through the straps so that the upper arm is being supported
Ask The Celebrity Trainer. To get the best results, investigating what you're not doing is just as important as what you are doing at the gym. Read
Vacation's All I Ever Wanted... Until It Isn't. My husband and I just returned from five glorious days in Bermuda. All we did was sleep, eat, lounge by the pool, nap (him), and spa (me). We just luxuriated in the self-centeredness of being childless for an entire work-week.
Clearing Resistance (VIDEO). In most cases, resistance is just fear... fear of the unknown, fear of a perceived (and often only imagined) danger, fear of... well, just plain old fear. And that's what we are here to clear.
Health Blog Roundup. If you're using the start of fall as a motivator to get back on track, refresh yourself with this cheat sheet for creating
Dips. Begin the motion by breaking your arms and lowering yourself, under control, until your upper arm touches your lower arm
Flat Barbell Bench Press. Lie back on a flat bench with your feet planted firmly on the ground. Place your hands slightly wider than shoulder width
Barbell Front Squat. Take a small step away form the rack and place your feet slightly wider than hip width apart. Start the movement by moving
Barbell Push Press. Un-rack the barbell and hold it at shoulder level. Your chest should be up and your feet should be about hip width apart
Surprising Number Of Deaths Linked To Undiagnosed Diabetes. People who don't know they have Type 1 diabetes may account for a surprising number of deaths from one complication of the
Barbell Rows (Elbows Out). Initiate the movement by rowing the weight toward your mid-sternum, letting your elbows flare directly out to your sides
Bulgarian Split Squat With Dumbbells. Reverse the motion by driving through your front foot until your left leg and hip are both fully extended. Refrain from pushing
Chin Up (Shoulder Width). Pause and repeat. Start the movement by drawing your shoulder blades together and continue by pulling your chest to the bar
Clean Grip Deadlift. Your feet should be no wider than hip width apart as you hinge at the hip and slightly bend at the knees to reach the bar
Decline Dumbbell Triceps Extension. Keeping your elbows still, lower the dumbbells by bending your arms until your forearms are slightly below parallel to the
Mobile Apps Could Help People With Autism In The Workplace. As millions of us allow mobile devices to impair our communication and socialization, those with an ASD may find that the
The Importance of Processing Pain. I'm starting to understand and appreciate that situations such as breakups and loss can act like catalysts. Painful as they may be, they are opportunities in disguise, that give you the chance to rewrite the stories we attach to past events that ultimately shape our perception of reality.
Full Cup, Thirsty Spirit. When we allow our emotions to be felt, they do have a trajectory of their own, and we don't get to fully control it. This seems to be why feelings can feel so scary.
September Is National Yoga Awareness Month. If you think you won't enjoy it, or that it's not a workout, or that you won't get toned, or if you think yoga is for freaks, I want to leave you with five reasons
Mastering Transitions. The best things in life come out of change. We don't have to embrace change by diving in to those cold choppy waters headfirst, but if we can start by just dipping our toes in, one foot at a time, before we know it, we'll be well on our way to arriving at our new destination.
The Art of Living. Life is about learning our own limits as much as expanding them. It has been said that if you fail to prepare you are preparing for failure. I had epitomized that by buying a horse I did not have the experience or knowledge to safely ride.
Be Fearless. Fear is about uncertainty. It's about not being able to predict what will happen next. This unpredictability breeds anxiety. And in the midst of uncertainty, fearless people react very differently than fearful ones do.
How To Set Up Your Bedroom For Better Sleep (INFOGRAPHIC). But could your bedroom be keeping you up at night? The truth is that all kinds of factors, from the numbers on the thermostat
Blood Sugar Levels On High End Of Normal Tied To Brain Shrinkage. Researchers from the Australian National University found that people whose blood sugar was in the high end of a normal range
Fearless Living Boot Camp Is Coming!. Stop for a moment and think about what could change in your life if you were a little more fearless. That's where I come in! From Monday, September 10 through Sunday, October 7, we are going to embark on a journey together to help you get more fearless in your life.
Money, Politics and Health Care. Money in politics is making our nation sicker, threatening our national security, and ultimately destroying the very economic prosperity the \money in politics\ seeks to achieve.
How to Lose Weight, One Small Business at a Time. If you like stories with a twist, this one is for you.
Why The Huffington Post's Oasis Matters. A three-day convention is not simply a measure of time -- it's also a measure of endurance.  When you're surrounded by the chaos of a political gathering of this magnitude, places to collect yourself are few and far between. Enter the HuffPost Oasis.
Trust the Struggle, But Don't Make It Home. When something is out of our grasp and is perceived too enormous to bear individually, we fall into the belief system that we are the victims of some grand cosmic scheme.
Daniel Harrison, 5-Year-Old, Eats For The First Time After Undergoing Treatment For Fear Of Food, Drink. A 5-year-old from the U.K. is able to enjoy food and drink after undergoing treatments to help him get over his fear of eating
There Is No 'I' in 'Safety Net'. At the center of Mrs. Barrow's team is Felicia herself; her needs, her feedback, and her participation are essential. Then, working collaboratively and across all facets of her daily life, she is supported by a nurse-led team of health professionals.
The Good Inside. Ms. Roberts, like so many others who are moved to support a cause, says that she had never imagined a career in hospice work but found this new vision of her life through contemplation of death; in her senior year in college, she took a death and dying class.
Conquering Anger and Negative Emotions. Somewhere, when it comes to ourselves, we are refusing to employ our intelligence. I am not telling you, \Don't get angry.\ It is up to you. If it is a pleasant experience, get angry all the time. But generally, whenever you get angry, you suffer more than your victim.
Lack Of Sleep May Raise Risk Of Aggressive Breast Cancer. Getting six or fewer hours of sleep each night seemed to increase the risk of cancer recurring among post-menopausal breast
8 Big Health Benefits Of Apples. September is here and with it, the start of the harvest season of one of our favorite superfoods (and superfruits!) the apple
Are You Using Your Spiritual Bandwidth?. Faith, like love, is a choice. Once I make the choice, it's possible to find new ways to cope with loneliness, despair, doubt, or a lack of meaning.
Yoga May Help Benefit Kids With Autism. A 2012 study published in the American Journal of Occupational Therapy found yoga helped improve school performance and sustained attention in children with autism.
Unplug And Recharge. We asked you once before, and then we asked you again
Ginkgo Biloba Doesn't Prevent Alzheimer's, Study Finds. \For a while it was hoped that ginkgo biloba could be the wonder drug,\ said Jess Smith, a spokeswoman for the Alzheimer's
Joan Witkowski Leads Guided Breathing Exercise At HuffPost's DNC Oasis (VIDEO). Got a moment? Why not take it to unplug and recharge? For more on the Oasis, click here. In the video above, Joan Wikowski
The Worst Snacks For Your Body. By Elizabeth Goodman Artis for Shape.com To snack or not to snack? That depends on the snack. Done the right way (calorie
You Should Be Dancing. In 2009, after 23 years of marriage, my husband and I split up, my mother died and I went into a deep hole. It was a time of intense grief and I just had to work my way out of it, slowly. And then, in the summer of 2010, I was invited to dance in a flash mob in Washington Square Park.
Experiencing Election Season Emotional Eating?. Over the past few weeks, more than one of my clients has mentioned a recent and unexpected trigger of emotional eating -- the presidential campaign. I've coined the phrase ESEE -- \election season emotional eating.\
The Dial-in Conversation. At a certain age, does everyone feel like they have had every conversation they are ever going to have -- that every conversation (other than those with intimates) is pre-packaged, as if chosen from a sampler menu on an airplane playlist?
Please Meditate. If you consider your attention like a kind of currency -- you only have so much, and what you choose to spend it on is what you will receive -- then you will begin to see that you have a choice. You have the power to guide your experience of life by choosing what you decide to focus on.
A Different Way to Have a Midlife Crisis. To the extent that I identify with whatever impersonal energy, force, or intelligence it is that animates not only our bodies but also the entire world that they inhabit, a midlife crisis is no more or less than an invitation to awaken to our true spiritual identity.
The Most Silent Voice Is the One That Yells the Loudest. To truly exercise our most sacred ideals of \life and liberty\ we must first be responsible to internally lay hold of who we are and not constantly live to appease other people's expectations or reactions of us.
Dying to Talk to You. But there is also a truth, the \good news,\ which far fewer of us have experienced, which is that there is an end to suffering. Not an escape, but an end. And it doesn't come at death; it comes when we face our suffering, face our fears, and address them head on, with support, and move through them.
Proselytizing Health While Living Off Pizza and Stress. Despite the difficulties of staying hale and hearty during the busiest few years of a physician's career, medical residents not only have a personal responsibility for their well-being but also an obligation to their patients to engage in the same healthy behaviors that they recommend.
Searching for Love. My life changed when I finally understood how to access the unconditional love that is always available to all of us. What I came to understand is that love, like the air we breathe, enters our heart by invitation only.
Tablet Light May Affect Sleep By Suppressing Melatonin. Researchers from the Lighting Research Center at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute examined these devices' effects on melatonin
Bubble Tea Tapioca Pearls May Contain Cancer-Causing Chemicals, German Study Claims. UPDATE
National Yoga Month. The practice has become increasingly accesible, as more variations provide a yoga for everyone. Even intense forms like Bikram
Moving Toward Silence.... When we find silence, it becomes our breath, and when we use it effectively, it brings newness and direction to life. Silence con\u00adquers the tyrants of habit that oppress, suppress, and deceive us.
Sleeping Pills. Why do so many Americans need pills to do the most natural thing in the world? Arianna and HuffPost Live's Marc Lamont Hill
Common Food Packaging Chemical May Raise Heart Risk. Serum levels of a chemical found in many industrial and household products are associated with adverse clinical outcomes
The GPS For The Soul App Explained. The Huffington Post's GPS for the Soul mobile app was demo-ed at both the RNC and DNC Oasis in preparation for its release
Political Workout Music For The Convention, Part Two. As the Democratic National Convention gets into full swing, we're continuing our project of listing one workout song for every state in the union. How'd we do?
Yelena Vorobyov Talks Republican Values Surrounding Health And Nutrition At The RNC Oasis (WATCH). HuffPost's Executive Health Editor Alana B. Elias Kornfeld asks Yelena Vorobyov to give three reasons why caring about health
Road Trip Tests A Boy's Bravery Without Mom -- Or His Teddy. A tottering old bus, something of a chicken coop on wheels, screeched to a stop where I waited hand-in-hand with my mother
The Summer I Saw Bruce Springsteen Four Times. The highlight for me, other than hearing \Land of Hope and Dreams,\ \Human Touch\ and \Wrecking Ball,\ was hearing \Jersey
Personal Health Records -- The New Game of Telephone. I know there are many tools developed and being developed out there to create my master personal health record.  Whether my record is on a disc, on a card, in the cloud or on some yet-undefined system, the goal is to get our records online.
Corn Syrup In Unexpected Foods. High-fructose corn syrup, the cheap, prevalent and much maligned sweetener, is famously in foods like soda, candy and cake
West Nile Virus. Sept 5 (Reuters) - The number of cases of West Nile virus reported in the United States rose 25 percent in the latest week
Marcus Samuelsson And Arianna Talk Healthy Eating At HuffPost's Oasis (VIDEO). Marcus Samuelsson, chef, HuffPost blogger and author of \Yes, Chef,\ revisited HuffPost's Oasis -- this time in Charlotte
Dr. James R. Doty, Stanford Clinical Professor Of Neurology, On His Morning Mindfulness Practice At Oasis (WATCH). Dr. James R. Doty, Clinical Professor of Neurosurgery at Stanford University and HuffPost blogger, shares a morning mindfulness
Fearless 'Push Girl' Tiphany Adams. I saw on the show how there was a time when you were bothered by the attitude people have about people in wheelchairs\u2026. People
3 Myths About Vulnerability. Vulnerability is scary. But it\u2019s also a powerful and authentic way to live. According to author Bren\u00e9 Brown, Ph.D, LMSW, in
Another Belated Update. Second was the long Thursday, made longer when Google Maps directed Bob and me down a road that ended at a creek with a very steep bank. Did I mention I was already about 34 miles in for the day and was only about two miles from the hotel if not for that darn creek?!
The Most Taboo Word in Our Vocabulary. The word \need\ is being disgraced from our vocabularies -- which to me is erasing the humane component out of humanity. If properly embraced, it's what makes us human.
Addiction Treatment Funding. Remember the old Fram oil filter commercial? \u201cYou can pay me now, or you can pay me later.\u201d It featured an automobile mechanic
GPS Guide. The stress and strains of our always-connected lives can sometimes take us off course. GPS For The Soul can help you find
Internet Addiction Might Be Genetic, Associated With Nicotine Addiction. Internet addiction may be in our genes -- just like nicotine addiction. In a study of 843 people, researchers found that
Yoga At The Huffington Post's Oasis. The benefits of yoga are plenty
Jessica Bennett, Executive Editor At Tumblr, Shares Centering Tips At HuffPost's Oasis. 2. How many hours of sleep do you get? Eight hours. 4. What's your quick health fix to restore your energy when you start
Liba Rubenstein, Director Of Strategy And Outreach At Tumblr, Shares Unplugging Tips At HuffPost's Oasis. 5. What foods keep you feeling balanced? I believe in everything in moderation, so I eat everything that I want. I live in
Bosulif. The medicine, called Bosulif, treats chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML), a blood and bone marrow disease that usually affects
Jessica Marati, Writer, Talks Finding Her Center At The Huffington Post's Oasis. For more coverage on The Oasis, click here. 2. How many hours of sleep do you get? Seven to eight hours. 5. What foods keep
Air Naps At The Huffington Post's Oasis. Yes, Air Naps. For more coverage on The Oasis, click here. While sleeping on a cloud may never truly be a reality (though
Plain Packaging Makes Cigarettes Less Appealing. The study participants were asked to rate the different packs in terms of how appealing they were, how good they expected
Sleepier at the Democratic National Convention. Unlike President Obama, we in the community of sleep experts and policymakers are not standing for reelection. However, we need to redouble our efforts to engage the general public, corporate leaders and politicians in discussions about the need to encourage healthy sleep policies
Use Of Antibiotics In Animals Raised For Food Defies Scrutiny. The numbers released quietly by the federal government this year were alarming. A ferocious germ resistant to many types
Electronic Health Records Gaining Acceptance. When her 5-week-old daughter Scarlett was hospitalized in March with a potentially life-threatening respiratory virus, Melissa
How To Live Forever*. The retreat of my hairline and the arrival of my AARP card led me to examine the most fundamental human connection of all -- life itself. I decided to indulge my life-long fascination with health by making a documentary, How To Live Forever*.
5 Reasons Your Yoga Class Is Stressing You Out. More stress is probably the last thing most of us need in our lives, but one anxiety-busting strategy used by millions may
7 September Superfoods. With the end of summer just around the corner, peak season for some of our favorite produce is coming to a close. We still
Your Body and Mind Relationship, Revealed. Generally speaking, we tend to think of our bodies and minds as separate systems and believe they function, for the most part, independently. Yet instinctively we know that is not the whole story.
Losing Control, on Purpose!. What's amazing is that when we consciously release our misery-inducing, controlling ways, we feel better! By this I mean, freer, more at ease, relaxed, and reassured in a manner that can only come from profoundly letting go.
Smash Your Worries. I know, it sounds ridiculous, but you might want to try it before you dismiss it. If life's platter has gotten too full, time
The Real Scoop on the Raw Food Diet. What is the healthiest diet? This question is being asked over and over again, and is being answered in a variety of different
Oasis 2012. Unplugging and recharging, perhaps THE buzz phrase of The Huffington Post's Oasis, is an entirely personalized practice. We
The Social and Political Implications of Downward-Facing Dog. The thinking behind the HuffPost Oasis at the national conventions is to help people to better deal with the destructive effects of stress in their lives and to help them be their best selves so they can go out in the world and make a difference in the lives of others.
Vitamin D Speeds Tuberculosis Recovery. \If we can help these cavities to heal more quickly, then patients should be infectious for a shorter period of time, and
Richard Greene, Founder Of Choose Your America, Shares Recharging Tips At HuffPost's Oasis. Richard Greene, Communication Strategist and Founder of the nonpartisan Choose Your America Campaign, claims he doesn't unplug
Sharon Yang, Gen44 Finance Director, Shares Her Recharging Tips At HuffPost's Oasis. 4. What's your quick health fix to restore your energy when you start feeling run down? Vitamin C and green tea. 5. What
Oasis 2012. The Huffington Post's Oasis is off to quite a bendy start -- as in, many attendees are taking full advantage of the yoga
Serena Williams' Game Face Puts Fear In Her Opponents. There is an eerie moment whenever Serena Williams finishes off another match point; a surreal, awkward transition in full
The Huffington Post's Oasis 2012. The Democratic National Convention is upon us and The Huffington Post's Oasis, a space of tranquility for delegates to unplug
Money Fear. Three-quarters of adult Americans are worried about money, and I'm guessing they're not worried about having too much.
I Lost Weight. How I Lost It
Soul-Talk. If you access your natural intelligence, you will use your upset or negative feelings not as something to direct toward another, but as a signpost that you still have some kind of unresolved personal issue that needs your attention.
Healthy Lifestyle Could Boost Longevity In The Elderly. Exercise, eating right and avoiding harmful habits like smoking could help elderly women live five years longer and elderly
Health Tips. By Jen\u00e9 Luciani for Shape.com These days, it takes more than an apple a day to keep the doctor away. With hectic lifestyles
What To Do If You Can't Fall Asleep. More from Health.com
Readers Share Their Homemade Standing Work Stations. The study Spurlock referenced found that people who sat for 11 hours or more per day increased their risk of death by 40
A Simple Practice That Can Make You Happy. One of the greatest tools for happiness and a positive state of mind is meditation -- there's a reason why it's been used for thousands of years by Eastern cultures.
Keep Your Eyes on the Prize. Modern life is full of distracting clamor, from text messages and emails to window displays in the mall. Other people tug at you with their priorities, which may not be your own. If you don't make a sanctuary for what is important, it will get overrun by the Bermuda grass of B and C priorities.
Am I a Yogi If I'm Not a Vegetarian? A Closer Look at Ahimsa. When we possess an expanded understanding of ahimsa beyond only vegetarianism and accept every person as they are, we then have the best capacity to support transformation and positive change of any kind.
If You Seek a Moment of Clarity While Complaining, You Just Might Stop Complaining. Have you ever known a chronic complainer? They focus on some situation, person, condition, or problem they don't like and it becomes their story; they tell it over and over again to anyone who will listen and, hopefully, get on board to commiserate with them.
Are Sleep Problems the Next Global Health Crisis?. The truth is, we don't know very much about sleep problems on a global level, particularly in developing nations. A new study addressed this gap in research and returned some striking results, estimating that as many as 150 million people worldwide suffer from sleep problems.
The Surprising Secret to Selling You. There is no shortage of advice out there on how to make a good impression -- an impression good enough to land you a new job, score a promotion, or bring in that lucrative sales lead.
Creating a Life You Love by Learning to Trust Yourself. It starts as a whisper... a passing truth that you quickly dismiss with logic. You can try, but it can't be ignored because it's one of the deepest truths in your life. Something isn't right, and whether or not you want to listen, the time has come to face it.
How To Forgive, And Why You Should. Understand why. We want explanations -- even if we don't agree with them. \Was it a misunderstanding? Were you mad at me
Happy Labor Day! 5 Reasons Work Is Good For Your Health. Labor Day was developed to celebrate \the strength and spirit of corps of the trade and labor organizations.\ But with all
FEARLESS MEMOIR. Daddy ordered a beer as soon as we were seated, and a second one before we had ordered. He was on his fifth by the time we had finished eating. As he tapped on his empty glass, Gee said, \Daddy, I think you've had enough.\
Microgreens Have More Nutrients Than Mature Vegetables, Study Suggests. Have you eaten your microgreens today? For more off-the-beaten-path produce that are packed full of health benefits, click
Weight Loss Tip. Do keep in mind the importance of consistency. To accurately track the amount of weight that you are losing, it's best to
Success Tips. No matter your current level of success, there are ways for you to eliminate the internal blocks holding you back from living life more fully, as opposed to watching life pass you by.
5 Late-Summer Farmers' Market Recipes. The summer harvest is still at its peak, and in just one visit to the market (with a few helpers to assist you in carrying the goods!), you can prepare several quick, healthful, and mouthwatering dishes to celebrate the Labor Day holiday weekend with family and friends!
Is Anxiety Your Roadblock to Finding Love?. Dating is a bit intimidating for most people. But if you are an anxious person, dating is more than intimidating -- it can be downright painful and terrifying. Most people with anxiety have difficulty dealing with uncertainty. And dating, for all its glory, is rife with uncertainty.
Thalidomide Victims. The thalidomide scandal triggered a worldwide overhaul of drug-testing regimes and boosted the reputation of the U.S. Food
GPS Guide. The stress and strains of our always-connected lives can sometimes take us off course. GPS For The Soul can help you find
A Flawed Life. Unfortunately, the pursuit of perfection doesn't make us happier or ease stress. A perfect body doesn't solve your emotional problems, a shiny new car doesn't mean you're any more likely to be taken seriously at work and a meticulously kept house can't keep you from financial issues.
The Best Place to Get Fit (Hint. You may come to the site looking for information, but what drives ongoing involvement on this site is the community. Newbies often use it as a support group. More experienced users will guide them through their questions and answer specific inquiries about various fitness programs.
Labor Day. Even though the official first day of fall isn't for a few more (precious) weeks, Labor Day, by many accounts, is the unofficial
FEARLESS MEMOIR. I let my pants drop to the floor and stepped out of them as I wrapped my towel around my waist and slid out of my boxers. I looked over to my right and there was a man with a big smile on his face. I was screwed. Even the adults were going to laugh at me.
Our Place in Nature, and Vice Versa. We have long known that bacteria living on and in our bodies outnumber our cells -- which themselves sum up to a number that exceeds any hope of real understanding -- by 20 to one.  We are a rounding error in our own skin.
Restaurant Lighting, Music Could Affect Your Calorie Consumption. \The way to 'have your cake and eat it too' may be to enjoy the atmosphere instead of the cake,\ they wrote. For the study
Take the Stress Out of City Living. With proper tricks and knowledge, you can begin to be relaxed, alert, energetic, and have breathing room while being organized and tech-savvy. The crucial secret? Start making fresh air, healthy relationships, peaceful sleep and proper food choices a priority in your life.
Getting Fearless About Death and Dying (VIDEO). For most people, death and dying as a topic of conversation is reserved for when someone they know or love is, well, dying. I find it more effective and less fear-inducing to start exploring your thoughts, feelings, and fears about this inevitable topic before circumstances demand it.
Yosemite Virus. Yosemite spokeswoman Kari Cobb said rangers have answered some 1,500 phone calls from park visitors and others concerned
I Lost Weight. After Weight
Death Wish. Watching a parent become weaker, sicker or more enfeebled is stressful, of course, but most adult children can bear that. It's when that parent becomes vicious, hostile and resistant to help that stress crosses over into distress.
Quit Screwing Up The Internet. You're a complex, intelligent individual who stands at the forefront of an extraordinary change in our civilization.  You're in position as one of the constructors of our culture of the future. Congratulations, you're amazing.  Now, please quit screwing it up.
Xtandi. He estimated that 18,000 to 20,000 U.S. prostate cancer patients receive chemotherapy every year and 4,000 to 5,000 eventually
Why I'm Trying 49 New Things Before I Turn 50. All of these new experiences produce fear. If I didn't feel afraid of trying some of this stuff, I would really be nuts. Fear lets me know that this is real, and there are consequences, and I am alive. Feeling the fear is a good part of this journey.
Yoga and Qigong. What is the origin of yoga, or more specifically of hatha yoga, the physical/mental cultivation of the spiritual path of
The Art of Going Back to School (When You're...Older). I'm not very good at all. But I know enough that I'm starting to see how things are built and understand how it all works
Kailen Rosenberg, Elite Matchmaker, Shares 8 Tips To Find Your Center. When it comes to chilling out or finding your center here are some easy tips that can help! What are the things I do, as
Sleep Apnea Screening Recommended For Snoring Kids. Children who have adenotonsillar hypertrophy -- the No. 1 cause of obstructive sleep apnea in kids, according to a 2003 study
Do You Know What You Want To Be When You Grow Up? I Don't!. Maybe you feel like you are floundering from one thing to another, maybe you feel the pressure of society or your parents or your spouse to just pick a path already and stay on it, even if you hate it.
Mental Health Notes. While the power of positive thinking is an important and real possibility for us all in recasting our fates, the need to embrace the shadow -- those elements of our personality, our souls, of which we are least proud -- is a necessary element of transformation.
Why Do My Eyelids Twitch?. -- Anya \Ask Healthy Living\ is for informational purposes only and is not a substitute for medical advice. Please consult
Diverticulitis. The condition occurs in about 10 to 25 percent of people who have diverticulosis, which is the condition when the diverticula
Embrace the Grace of Letting Go. There's definitely something about letting go, not trying so hard to control everything ourselves and relying on a higher power that tends to bring good things to pass.  Control is highly overrated.  Most times we just need to get out of our own way.
West Nile States. Earlier this week, health officials reported that there are now 1,590 cases of West Nile virus confirmed in humans across
May Cause Miracles. In my \May Cause Miracles\ interview series, I sat down with my best friend Latham Thomas to discuss spiritual parenting, how to launch a book and her tools for turning pain into purpose.
Navigating by Heart. I no longer believe it's more blessed to give than to receive, nor more blessed to receive than to give.   It is a selfish heart that refuses either giving or receiving, for to withhold one is to block the other.
Wheelchair Wisdom. Living with MS, a progressive illness, has forced me to accept sudden changes in life that are not always easy or pleasant to deal with. Accepting and loving myself -- overcoming fear, embarrassment, and self-consciousness -- was a significant milestone for me.
Health Blog Roundup. Whether you've been practicing for weeks or decades, no doubt you've learned something from your yoga routine. Here's a look
How to Be Happy. As we all know, life is short. It is therefore one of the rarest and most valuable commodities we have. In case you ever forget this tenet, recall Drake's horrendous acronym
The Huffington Post's Oasis Nap Pod. \Sleep\ is one of the major buzzwords at The Huffington Post's Oasis, as it's a vital aspect of unplugging and recharging
Romancing the Om. Modern day yoga in America is an interesting phenomenon. In the traditional sense, what most of us do on the yoga mat is not yoga. Although the health benefits are greater than anything else we've ever tried, many still do not consider it yoga.
Fitness Test. Get stronger. Practice wall squats (with back against the wall, lower your body until knees are at 90 degrees; hold for 30
'Almost Alcoholic'. As a society it seems that we have, over time, come to think of drinking in terms of a dichotomy. In other words, we see the \drinking world\ as divided into two categories of people
Colleen Young, Youngest Member Of 2012 U.S Paralympics Team, On Swimming Blind. Glasses help at school and around town in St. Louis, Mo., but not much. So when Colleen swims she wears goggles with regular
The Split in Medicine. When we stay committed to helping each other and our belief systems are aligned, then we will solve the mechanisms and reunite why we do what we do with what we do to achieve our goals.
Healthy Food. In June, we asked some of our favorite medical and nutritional experts to nominate their picks for the healthiest foods of
How to Be Truly Happy. I tend to think the hallmark of good parenting is more about how well you teach your children to do for themselves.  And I think what you teach them to do for themselves will largely determine their success and happiness in life.
Swimming Through Fear With Jamie Patrick. Unlike our ancestors (who had to endure all sorts of grueling survival challenges), most of us don't know or understand our limits -- because we don't reach them. We're afraid of the pain. We're afraid of what we might find out about our character.
Drug-Resistant Tuberculosis. In the United States, MDR-TB treatment can cost $250,000 or more per patient, and in many poorer countries costs can be catastrophic
An Amazing Alternative to Prescription Pills. Dr. Moyad is the Jenkins/Pokempner director of complementary and alternative medicine at the\u00a0University of Michigan Medical
Swimming In Her Sleep? How The Idaho Woman Did It. You may have heard about the 31-year-old Idaho woman who last week woke up after \sleep swimming\ in the Snake River. She
Soil May Help Pathogens Make Us Sick. How exactly the genes are getting from soil microbes to sickness microbes or vice versa remains unclear. One suggestion is
Confronting the Truth on Overdose Awareness Day. We have to acknowledge that a certain percentage of the population will never be entirely drug-free, and we have to figure out what to do about that. It's costly and regressive to continually respond with arrests, drug courts and incarceration.
Stephen Spoonamore, CEO Of ABS Materials, Shares His Healthy Living Tips At The Huffington Post's Oasis. 4. What foods keep you feeling balanced? Nuts and dried fruit. And dried tomatoes \u2013- I dry my own. By the end of the summer
Bacteria From Mites Might Be Responsible For Rosacea, Study Suggests. The study also shows that a possible treatment for rosacea may lie in reducing the number of these mites that live on the
Want to Lose Weight? Up Your Chances of Success With These 6 Foods. Losing weight and keeping it off has never been easy. Here are six foods that can help you to satisfy your cravings, keep you full and ultimately arm you with the tools you'll need to finally fight the biggest battle of them all!
Addicted to Facebook? NLP Tips for Cutting Back on Social Media. Recently I got a message from a student asking what techniques I would suggest for helping people limit their time on Facebook. Specifically, this student requested suggestions for NLP (neuro-linguistic programming) techniques that could help.
Inspiring Quotes. Back on May 3, HuffPost Becoming Fearless and Toyota Corolla teamed up to announce Toyota Corolla's Most Fearless Tweet Contest
Guide to Communicating Candidly in Personal and Business Life. Many of us become ineffective communicators when we feel personally triggered or that our intention is misinterpreted by those we are engaging with -- whether it be family, friends our partner or a stranger.
GPS Guide. The stress and strains of our always-connected lives can sometimes take us off course. GPS For The Soul can help you find
Samantha And Q-Koffi McShine Share Their Balance-Restoring Tips At The Huffington Post's Oasis. For more coverage on The Oasis, click here. 1. How do you unplug and recharge? Samantha
Victoria Phipps, Business Owner, Shares Tips To Unplug At The Huffington Post's Oasis. 3. What's your top beauty tip (can be for inner or outer) Drinking plenty of water. It's incredible how weighed down you
HuffPost's Oasis Makeup And Massage Center. HuffPost's executive health editor Alana B. Elias Kornfeld and Off The Mat's Seane Corn are spending some time in the makeup
Why Poetry Improves Meditation. The words of poet Rabindranath Tagore fall with velvety warmth from Deepak Chopra's lips. They seem perfectly crafted for this purpose, settling gently around the stillness of a meditator.
Investor Daniel Schultz Talks Exercise At The Huffington Post's Oasis. 5. What foods keep you feeling balanced? Fruits, vegetables and fish. 1. How do you unplug and recharge? The gym. I exercise
Chocolate Consumption Linked With Decreased Stroke Risk In Men. The study participants who ate the most chocolate had a 17 percent lower risk of stroke than those who didn't report any
Heartland Virus. Initially, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention researchers thought that the men were infected with the bacteria Ehrlichia
Amber McDonald Of The Tampa Bay Times Talks Unplugging At The Huffington Post's Oasis. 1. How do you unplug and recharge? I meditate 10 to 20 minutes a couple times a week. I read and listen to music. 4. What's
When You Fight a Food Craving... It's Already Too Late!. Fighting your subconscious on anything is always a losing battle. You may have temporary gains, but over the long term, the odds are against you. There is, however, one facet to your relationship with your subconscious that will flip the struggle for supremacy on its head.
What Would You Erase From Your Life?. I've always believed that regret is a central component of adulthood. But many of our regrets are really longings, so we wouldn't want to erase them, because they define who we are.
Don't Try to Fit In... Fit Out!. Fitting out is not about being rebellious and purposefully trying to get a charge out of people like you did when you were a teenager. Fitting out is about being okay with following your heart, with being who you are.
I Lost Weight. For more on weight loss, click here. When I went to Wal-Mart to do the shopping, I needed to lean on the cart the entire
Are You Overtraining?. Try and apply the same commitment to recovery that you apply to your workouts. Give your body the time it needs to rebound and repair and you'll find yourself with more energy, enhanced performance and a better disposition. Less is sometimes more.
GPS Guide. The stress and strains of our always-connected lives can sometimes take us off course. GPS For The Soul can help you find
Cheap Health Food. The U.S. Department of Agriculture released a report late last week predicting an increase in food prices, especially among
Now What? Treatment Options for Alzheimer's Disease. There is ongoing to research to find medications that will not just treat the symptoms of Alzheimer's disease, but hopefully stop or slow the progress of it. In order to develop new treatments, volunteers are needed for clinical trials.
Sleep Learning May Be Possible. This held true even after the study participants woke up, too -- when they were awake, the researchers played the tones for
Medical Errors Harm Huge Number of Patients. Many consumers, savvier and armed with more digital information than ever before, are forming advocacy and support groups
Kalydeco, Cystic Fibrosis Drug, Could Increase Risk Of Cataracts In Child Users. WASHINGTON, Aug 29 (Reuters) - Children taking Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc's cystic fibrosis pill may be at risk of getting
Geraldine Sealey, Marie Claire Editor-At-Large, Talks Meditation At The Huffington Post's Oasis. Central Park trees and seltzer water are two balance-restoring staples for Marie Claire's Editor-at-Large Geraldine Sealey
8 Tips For Better Sleep At The Conventions. For more on Sleep, click here. Luckily, there are a few tricks to overcome the problem of not having enough hours in the
James Kotecki, NSFW Corp Writer, Talks Unplugging At The Huffington Post's Oasis. James Kotecki, writer for the Not Safe For Work Corporation, has his own version of The Huffington Post's Oasis
Dating Tip. Letting go of anything you once cared about, becoming comfortable with the uncomfortable and facing your fears are some of the hardest things we have to deal with in life.
Are You Hardy Enough? How Being Your Real Self Helps You Deal With Stress. Life is stressful. Financial worries, relationship difficulties, and parenting challenges can all lead us to feel overwhelmed.  But what exactly makes the difference between those who get pushed over the edge with stress and those who, when faced with stressors, actually thrive and develop?
Sensitivity Training. Grounding yourself in body sensitivity serves as a circuit breaker to take you out of your chronic \fight or flight\ state. \u00a0Practice becoming aware of another's experience, especially when that other is your own body.
Trainers' Favorite Post-Workout Snacks. By Jessica Smith for Shape.com These 10 trainers reveal how they refuel their bodies for optimal results. More from Shape.com
Egg Yolks. The idea that a food that contains 13 essential vitamins and minerals, high-quality protein, antioxidants, and brain-supporting choline should have almost as bad an effect on the heart as a pack of Salems just doesn't pass the smell test, even if your nose is clogged.
Experiencing Stillness. There are no prerequisites for experiencing stillness. Nor is finding this kind of inner quiet exclusive to serious meditators or those who call themselves spiritual.
Fear Of The Dark. In Carney's study, the 93 participants dubbed themselves either \good sleepers\ or \poor sleepers.\ Nearly half of the poor
Ubuntu and Forgiveness. In the consciousness of ubuntu, when met with conflict or harm, forgiveness is the very path one must travel to know freedom.  Therefore, for Nelson Mandela, forgiveness was not optional.  It was the only way forward.
What Do Cancer Patients Think About Exercise?. And yet another study presented this year at the annual meeting of the Society of Behavioral Medicine showed that it could
'If I Love Myself, Won't I Be Selfish?'. Imagine what a wonderful world we would have if each person took responsibility for his or her own feelings and needs. When we take responsibility for ourselves, we can then share our love with others.
Kaylee Queen Flesh Eating Bacteria. ABC 12 \u2013 WJRT \u2013 Flint, MI The first symptoms are typically seen in the first day, and include new wounds elsewhere (even
Nona Willis Aronowitz, Political Blogger, Shares Tips To Unplug And Recharge At The Huffington Post's Oasis. Journalist, author and political blogger Nona Willis Aronowitz made our mouths water with a description of her delicious
Volunteers At The HuffPost's Oasis. The Huffington Post's Oasis has some incredible volunteers. From certified massage therapists to yoga educators, these gracious
David Gerson, Republican Candidate, Talks Exercise At The Huffington Post's Oasis. 4. What's your quick health fix to restore your energy when you start feeling run down? Exercise. 5. What foods keep you
Are You Fighting Yourself? Here is a Simple Way to Bring Yourself Together. For many of us, we do not spend our days in harmony and joy. We tend to be in internal conflict. Our minds might be in one place while our bodies are in another. Our souls might long for a particular experience but we find all kinds of reasons to ignore that calling.
Youth Sports Injuries. As kids return to school and embark upon a new school sport season, stories like Tracy's have put MTBIs -- as well as other sports-related injuries -- at the center of a debate that asks whether the price of getting hurt for the game is too high.
Sleep Apnea and Poverty. Individuals from disadvantaged neighborhoods and racial/ethnic minorities are at increased risk for sleep disorders due to a variety of environmental exposures, occupational and psychosocial conditions, and possibly genetic factors.
Political Workout Music For The Convention. Glued to the conventions? If around-the-clock coverage of the Republican National Convention is getting in the way of your exercise regime, we're here to help.
Restoring Your Rhythm. For you to restore your rhythm and reach your goals you're going to have to follow a program. You need a plan. You need well-thought workouts that act as a map that you can read and understand before you set foot into the gym.
There Is No Illness in This Town. That Iranian Jews should have their own \special\ diseases is not as strange as it may seem
7 Foods You Should Never Feed Your Cat. \u201cThe main drivers of palatability for cats are protein and fat content, with moisture and texture being important too,\u201d says
5 Summer Health Myths Busted. When it comes to health and natural remedies, it's enticing to grab onto juicy half-truths and hearsay. The most persistent nutrition myths are those that contain at least some truth. Here are five common summer health myths to watch out for, as reported in EatingWell.
The Deadly Recession. Over the last few years, studies have suggested a connection between unemployment and suicide rates.
5 Steps That Reveal Your Life's Purpose. Like many of us, you might feel that there's a true purpose to your life but you haven't yet found or discovered it, especially when trapped within a life that's unfulfilling or feels out of synch with your true purpose for being.
Do You Really Need That Statin? This Expert Says No. Statins are medications that lower cholesterol by inhibiting an enzyme involved in its production by the liver and other organs. First approved by the FDA in 1987, statins are arguably the most widely-prescribed medicine in the industrialized world today.
Creating Your Own Happiness. These days, I have had to figure out how to create happiness instead of just of feeling like a victim in an endless wait for its arrival. Funny thing is, by doing the few things I mention here, I believe I am even happier now than when the universe actually graces me with the happiness jackpot.
Obesity Could Speed Up Mental Decline. The findings, published in the journal Neurology, show that people who are obese and have hypertension, low \good\ cholesterol
Exercise Decreases Nicotine Cravings, Plus 5 Other Natural Ways To Kick The Smoking Habit. Feel the urge to reach for a cigarette? Hop on the treadmill. The review of studies, published in the journal Addiction, showed
Sleep Apnea. Know Your Sleep Apnea Risk An estimated 12 million Americans have sleep apnea, the National Institutes of Health estimates
The Soda Games. Ironically, much of the commercial advertising during the Olympics featured leading contributors to the obesity epidemic
Arianna On Aging (VIDEO). What personal lessons have you learned about fear and fearlessness? There's still time to enter Toyota Corolla's Most Fearless
De-Stress By Taking Control Of Your Life (VIDEO). For some, the uncertainty of life -- including work, finances, relationships -- can cause stress levels to go through the
Meter Accuracy Counts More -- and Less -- Than You Think. There are a few things we patients can do to increase our dosing accuracy
Elderly With Heart Risk Factors May Be More Dementia-Proof. By Christopher Intagliata (Click here for the original article and podcast) Another study found the same counterintuitive
Dysphoric Mania. And if a doctor doesn't catch the signs of mania and only treats the signs of depression with antidepressants, it could actually
GPS Guide. The stress and strains of our always-connected lives can sometimes take us off course. GPS For The Soul can help you find
The 'War' on Drugs. Can we wage war with something that is not an actual enemy, not a sovereign power or an uprising within a nation?
Laura Ingraham At HuffPost's Oasis. Conservative political commentator and radio host Laura Ingraham was spotted at The Huffington Post's Oasis and took some
Lisa Guerrero, Investigative Journalist, Shares Balance Restoring Secrets At The Huffington Post's Oasis. Lisa Guerrero, an investigative journalist for Inside Edition, stopped in at The Huffington Post's Oasis and gave us a peek
Oasis 2012. Curious who's spending time at The Huffington Post's Oasis? Who's napping? Who's yapping? Who's practicing some yoga? Scroll
Achieving Happiness Despite Everyday Challenges. Happiness is a choice, even in the midst of a chronic illness. By taking small steps, large goals can be accomplished, enhancing the outlook and overall well-being of those living with or affected by a life-altering disease.
How to Recover From the Summer Sleep Schedule. Suppose after several days you're still having trouble settling down to sleep at the earlier time and you're dragging yourself slowly throughout the day. Here are a couple of suggestions to advance your sleep clock.
The Importance Of 'Me' Time. Relax (literally), here\u2019s help for these and other alone-time anxieties. Imagine having the whole day to yourself. That may
Why We Love a Good Scare (and Game of Thrones). One of the best parts of the HBO series Game of Thrones is how well the writing captures fear's many facets.
Science and Smoke Signals. I have long felt a nearly irresistible compulsion to write this column
A Personal Musing on Grieving Moms. And so the days have been.  It could all change tomorrow.  I could be a grieving mom.  I hope the day never comes.  Dare I say, in a small way I grive with these moms.  I am so sorry they have lost their babies.  I am in awe of their courage.
The Real Reason You're Not Living Your Dream Life (And It's Not Time or Money). Excuses are artificial creations that mask the real fear and doubt lurking underneath your skin. To prevent excuses from holding you back from your dream life, I've compiled a list of the top excuses I've heard, and some ways you can bust through each.
And We'll Have Fun, Fun, Fun!. When was the last time you had fun?  Can you remember?  Where did your fun go?
Yoga. This is an interview with Elizabeth Johnstone, who in 2007 started teaching yoga and meditation at York Correctional Institution in Niantic, Conn. In 2008, she founded the non-profit organization Recovery Yoga to help expand yoga and meditation instruction in correctional facilities.
Meditation. When you first start meditating, it will feel weird. Yes. Your mind will tell you it's a waste of time. Why sit there and think about nothing? You will get annoyed. May I say, stick with it anyhow. It gets better.
Adult Acne. A pimple occurs when sebum -- the lubricant that naturally moisturizes our skin and hair -- is trapped under dead skin cells
Soul-Talk. Most people think acceptance has something to do with liking your circumstances.  In truth, acceptance merely means recognizing the obvious, cooperating with the reality of it, and finding ways to move forward in spite of the situation.
LISTEN. Donna Pincus, director of the Child and Adolescent Fear and Anxiety Treatment Program at Boston University and the author
Back to School, Use Music to Get Better Grades. This article is not about using music get smarter.  Rather it is about how to use music to optimize some of your natural skills that already help make you smart, as well as more successful.
I Lost Weight. Now, don't get me wrong -- I love cake. But I was comfort-eating my way into all sorts of health problems in a misguided
Foods That Boost Your Memory. Worried about losing your memory? Help may be as close as your kitchen. Amy Jamieson-Petonic, R.D., of Cleveland Clinic, shares
Spirituality Linked With Mental Health Benefits. Specifically, that study examined how health was better among people who considered themselves \very religious\ compared
27 Mistakes Healthy People Make. You pick healthy food, work out (when you can) and watch your waistline. That means you're healthy right? Read on to learn
The Bicycle Diaries. Best friends since childhood, Neil Walsky and Jesse Frechione have committed the next four months, the next 6,690 miles, and several canisters of bear-repellent to riding their bicycles from Anchorage, Alaska all the way to Cartagena, Colombia for breast cancer.
GPS Guide. The stress and strains of our always-connected lives can sometimes take us off course. GPS For The Soul can help you find
Lantus. Lantus, which generated worldwide sales of nearly 4 billion euros ($5 billion) last year, earlier failed to show overall
Pills Could Tell Whether Patient Is Taking Medicine On Time. By Esha Dey Testing included 254 people using the system for a collective 3,828 days involving patients being treated for
Trastuzumab Emtansine. Breast cancer is the most common cancer among women worldwide, with about 1.4 million new cases diagnosed each year and more
Escaping a Toxic Environment. While unhealthy intimate unions can wreak havoc on the psyche and may inform the way in which we treat others, it's usually an insular thing. Group dysfunction, however, is far-reaching and often much more dangerous.
Sleep Problems May Contribute to Cognitive Decline. A group of studies, all conducted independently, have reached a similar sobering conclusion
Clear-Skin Secrets From Sweaty Professionals. By Jessica Smith for Shape.com Don't let breakouts put a damper on all the benefits your regular exercise routine provides
Fall Back Into School Mode With This Yoga Practice. Fall is the perfect time to rely upon your yoga practice to help you prepare for the change of seasons.
Are You a Skinny Fat Person? 10 Steps to Cure the Skinny Fat Syndrome. The common wisdom is that if you are overweight you are unhealthy, and if you are thin, you are healthy. But new research points to just how dangerous being skinny can be -- if you are a \skinny fat\ person, that is.
Grilled Meat Produces Compound Linked With Weight Gain, Diabetes In Mouse Study. Methyl-glyoxal may affect the mice by decreasing the ability of bodily mechanisms like SIRT1, which is responsible for controlling
FEARLESS MEMOIR. \How would you like a beer?\ Daddy asked Gee. Then, before she could answer, he said, \Well, if you want one we'll have to stop 'cause there aren't any.\ Here he was, one minute being belligerent and the next being Mr. Nice Guy now that he needed someone to provide him with alcohol.
Words To Live By. Source
Signing Up to Face My Fear. When I received confirmation that I had been accepted into the \Essential Dharma Retreat,\ I wanted to throw up, which was a sign that I was off to the right start.
A Way Out of Suffering. Omega talks with Sharon Salzberg, who urges us to live from love and take care of one another.
'Don't I Have a Right to Be Angry?'. We always have the right to feel whatever we feel. We also have the right to express anger when we feel hurt or betrayed. However, the real question is not whether you have the right, but whether or not your anger is working for you.
GPS Guide. The stress and strains of our always-connected lives can sometimes take us off course. GPS For The Soul can help you find
10 Gratitude Principles To Live By. Read more on Mind Body Green As a single parent, I had spent years scrimping and saving and just getting by. While I had
Clearing Money Fear (VIDEO). For the majority of people, the economic news has not been too sunny for some time. To turn things around -- at a personal, national and global level -- we really need to learn to stop living in fear.
On Getting Old. It is totally possible to embrace the aging process and grow older fearlessly! But as with everything, the choice is yours. Choose fearlessness rather than denial, which does not produce the results you seek and keeps you constricted and stuck.
Tea Health Benefits. A cup of tea anyone? It could do wonders for your health. A lot of research has focused on green tea in particular, Health.com
E-Cigarettes Heart. \Electronic cigarettes are not a healthy habit but they are a safer alternative to tobacco cigarettes,\ Dr Konstantinos Farsalinos
Faking Picasso. One of my favorite stories about the power of trusting the deeper intelligence behind the mind is of a consultant friend of mine who brought a new intern with him to a corporate mediation.
Is Guilt a Good Motivator?. At its best, guilt can help me understand where I'd like to make changes.  It provides clarity as to what is or is not working regarding certain behaviors, and I can then take that information and use it as the impetus to learn, speak and act in ways that are more in alignment to my true desires.
FEARLESS MEMOIR. Gee had kept her eyes on Daddy, who was now smiling and licking his lips. It hadn't taken his nose long to smell alcohol. In fact, not too far from the United States Pavilion was, of all things, the Canadian Brewer's Pavilion. Daddy had a nose for hops because he started off in that direction. Gee motioned for us to follow.
A Timeless Technique for Stress Reduction. When we race through our days, ignoring the physical symptoms and mental anguish that can accompany stress, we miss the opportunity to give ourselves a much-needed rest, to regroup and to calm our racing minds and tense bodies.
30 Minute Workout. Over the weekend, many fitness enthusiasts take advantage of their extra free time to go on long bike rides, epic runs and
How I Start My Day and Tone My Butt. In my lectures, I often get asked about how I begin my day with a positive attitude. In this video I share my morning prayers and the Kundalini kriya that lifts my spirit and my butt!
Acupuncture Could Relieve Pain, Stiffness From Knee Osteoarthritis. Their osteoarthritis was severe enough to merit surgery, but only a little more than half -- 50 of them -- said that they
GPS Guide. The stress and strains of our always-connected lives can sometimes take us off course. GPS For The Soul can help you find
Turning Defeat Into Power. Yesterday morning, I ventured out to my garden to check on a squash plant that I had recently replanted. It's needed some
6 Healthy Ingredients to Supercharge Your Smoothie. As a registered dietitian and associate nutrition editor of EatingWell Magazine, I've been thinking of ways to kick up the nutritional impact of my new favorite breakfast even more. Here are six health-packed ingredients to supercharge your smoothie.
The Age of Grief. Truth
I Lost Weight. How I Lost It
5 Ways to Turn Your Mobile Device Into a Mecca for Healing. As someone who has spent the past two decades in search of recovery and healing, I am a believer in the power of technology to help us make good transitions to facilitate well-being.
Dealing With Grief. I believe strongly in the five stages of grief model, developed by the Swiss-American psychiatrist Elisabeth K\u00fcbler-Ross. It has proven to be applicable for many aspects of grief, including those involving the loss of a loved one.
Painful Memories Don't Have to Be Painful. Do you have memories that recur from time to time that are painful?  Are there events from the past that upset you every time you recall them?
When to Worry About Forgetfulness. We middle-aged people caring for parents, children, spouses, paid work, personal projects, volunteer work -- and somehow
Obesity In America (INFOGRAPHIC). 
Where Is Your Favorite Place to Meditate?. I have to admit I am not a nature meditator, unless it's at a beach and the lull of the waves transports me.  Generally outside, I find I end up focusing more on the bugs or ground beneath me.
'Huh?' Health Headline Of The Week. This week, Michelle Obama told iVillage that she often wakes up at 4:30 a.m. or 5 a.m. to exercise so she can get her sweat
Tasting From the Trees of Knowledge. By truly experiencing the truth about trees, we understand the interconnected, interdependent nature of all life.  No man could ever be an island unto himself, unless that island had some trees!
Affirmations for Self-Actualization. Self-actualization is the highest level of self growth where one reaches his actual self. It is a place of authenticity all humans can reach; it is when one acts in congruence with his true self, a real person who is authentic and does not limit himself to self-imposed images.
Recipes for Love. My mother used to say, \You can't be unhappy and grateful at the same time.\ Over the years, I have found how right she was, in matters of the heart.
Health Blog Roundup. Does your workout invigorate you or zap of you of energy? SparkPeople has tips on how to avoid hitting the wall. Well + Good
Cornfield Creek Diary. Neighbors lingered a long time on the lawns and street, long after the emergency workers and police had left. There was nothing we could do to help, but nobody seemed quite ready to give up the sense of solidarity that emerges around such threatening experiences.
Getting 'It' Into the New York Times. I've never been against using medication in children.  I am against a first and only use of medication in children who are minimally impaired.  I believe first one must try to employ effective non-drug interventions of behavior modification and special education.
How to Get More Hours in the Day. Maya Rodale is the author of multiple historical romance novels, as well as the nonfiction book Dangerous Books for Girls
Find It Hard to Wake Up in the Morning? Try Stretching. I touch my toes, I do some straddle stretches, I twist left and right, etc. I do this not for any scientifically-based reason, but because it helps me feel awake and energetic. This easy, simple habit makes me feel much more alert and comfortable in my body.
7 Ways to Be Happier at Home. Here's another list of ways to be happier at home -- or, at least, that have made me happier at home. One of these items is important enough to be listed in both places. Can you guess which one?
GPS Guides. What's something you did this week that you'd like to do better next week? And of course, have a peaceful weekend, overflowing
Now Doesn't Last Forever. When it comes to our empty nest, absence will make the heart grow fonder.  And when it comes to life in general, I suspect that presence makes the heart grow richer.
Graphic Cigarette Warning Labels Struck Down By U.S. Appeals Court. WASHINGTON, Aug 24 (Reuters) - A U.S. appeals court ruled on Friday that cigarette companies do not need to comply with new
Taking Time Off Can Improve Health and Productivity. Considering the price we pay in terms of our health and well-being, it may be time to question whether our traditional work ethic -- which is essentially chasing the dime, no matter what -- is still a worthy or even sustainable concept.
7 All-Natural, Cooling, Homemade Face Mask Recipes. Warm summer weather is in full gear, which means cooling off takes a little more creativity. Your skin usually helps you keep cool, so why don't you return the favor and pamper your body's peel with a cooling homemade facial mask?
It's Too Darn Hot. In hot weather your body is prone to dehydration, and this actually can have an effect on your metabolism.
Fearless People Greet Fear at the Door. How long have you been avoiding what scares you? Has hiding from the fear ever made it go away? Can you see how avoiding what scares you actually works against you by feeding the fear? The time to weaken your fear and strengthen your fearlessness is now.
The Girl in the Plastic Bubble. We all have unusual quirks
Skimping On Sleep To Study Could Mean Worse Grades. Perhaps this finding really isn't all that surprising -- after all, studies have shown that sleep deprivation drives up anxiety
Soy and Your Health. Soybeans are handy. Aside from the traditional foods they bring us, they transform into tasty substitutes for milk, yogurt, bacon, burgers, and more. With no animal fat, cholesterol, or sensitizing animal proteins, they side-step the problems that animal products can cause.
Fear Is Here!. Have you ever noticed that excitement and terror create the same feelings in the body? The challenge comes when we forget, when we get so caught up in the fear that we don't remember it's not real.
Speaking Different Languages. While some physicians think chaplains just provide end-of-life rituals, others see that chaplains can be more helpful when they get involved with a patient and family early in their care and have time to get to know them and their situation.
Eggs, Lies, and Videotape. Watch this video as I reveal the smoking gun -- er, cigarette -- in the conclusion of a recent study that demonizes eating eggs, by comparing it with smoking!  Should you eat eggs, or are you truly putting your life at risk?
Do Post-Market Drug Trials Need a Higher Dose of Ethics?. The FDA, which requested the IOM begin its analysis in 2010, said in response to the report that it is \currently engaged
Soy. It's one of our biggest national crops. Vegetarians abide by its alternative protein source. And it is central to much of
Weighty Medicine. Clinical research has demonstrated that resistance training benefits everyone, from children to seniors.
A Visit to My Back Porch. How did she KNOW? I thought. Who is she? Where can I buy it? 8. If you could write a theme song for any revolution or movement
Brooklynites, Bike Accidents and the Science of Compassion. What's critical to compassion is that it unites this understanding of others' distress with the motivation to alleviate that distress. Helping behavior further requires the cognitive and behavioral resources to act on that motivation.
Who Decides Serving Sizes?. Welcome to Ask Healthy Living -- in which you submit your most burning health questions and we do our best to ask the experts
The Health Dangers of Soy. Who hasn't heard of the marvels of soy? The marketing bandwagon has touted soy as the perfect health food for decades. But could something that sounds so healthful actually be dangerous?
Early Learning Could Protect Against Future Cognitive Problems From Brain Damage, Rat Study Shows. Duke University psychologist Richard Keefe, who was not involved in this study, explains that there is a growing body of
Who Is Driving Your Life?. Our ego self is a crucial part of us.  But until we learn to help it grow up it does tend to exaggerate all the daily threats of life.  Spiritual intelligence, or SQ, allows us to shift from being driven by our fear-activated high-drama ego to being driven by our calmer, wiser Higher Self.
American Anxiety. We\u2019ve become a very tense and anxious nation. Millions of us are kept awake at night by racing thoughts and are so edgy during
Healthy Lunch Ideas. The back to school season is the perfect opportunity to make a new (school) year resolution to eating healthier away from
Vegan, Macrobiotic, Paleolithic. I think we can all agree that for some people, eating in America has become a way to define yourself. We have vegetarians and vegans, people who follow raw food diets, macrobiotic diets, Paleolithic diets, the list goes on and on.
Me and My Shadow. It's very difficult to describe a disease and the overall toll it takes as in my case of stage IV breast cancer.
Face Your Fears Head-On. In the end, it's not about how many things could go wrong today, it's about how you deal with them. Believe in yourself. Be positive. Be fearless and watch your problems melt away.
Paulina Rubio, Daddy Yankee and Vanilla Ice Turn Up the Volume on Health and Fitness. At a time when the music industry has lost some of its greatest talents, and joyful noise is often traded for the salacious, an unexpected bright spot is burning red-hot in the name of all things Zumba.
Cooking Up A Sleep-Friendly Diet. We know that sleep has a great effect on how we eat. But does how we eat -- or more precisely, what we eat -- have an effect on our sleep? One thing we might not be talking about enough is how choosing the right foods can help strengthen sleep.
We Tried It. Beginners and savvy strength trainers alike can benefit from some at-home resistance training. And newbies may feel more comfortable using a method like this than using free weights or machines at a gym.
The Link Between Grilled Foods and Cancer. t's summer and the barbecue is all fired up. You can smell it from your neighbors backyard, and you are salivating. Don't jump over the fence quite so fast. Think before you eat! The longer meat is cooked, the more dangerous it becomes.
Elevate the Conversation. If we believe we are here to improve the journey of our soul, we are charged with making the best choices to perpetually evolve to a higher good.  We study, we go to therapy, we develop a spiritual practice and we try to do the right thing.  The unfortunate part is that we are human.
How To Have More Self Control. For more tips on boosting your self-control, check out HuffPost blogger Christine Carter's tips here. And having self-control
Why Do We Stop Saying 'Yes' to New Experiences?. When we are asked to be spontaneous, it can bring up a host of anxieties related to loss of control or the fear of the unknown. But we do not have to keep our lives small to be safe.
Cereal Bars. The researchers looked at 30 different best-selling bars, choosing ones that were meant to appear healthiest. They found
The Power of Positive Thinking. The plants and flowers that make the garden of our mind beautiful are the positive thoughts we nurture and help to grow.  Just like plants grow and multiply, so do our positive thoughts.
Retroactive Update. It has been such a great privilege these last two weeks to visit old friends and make new ones. One question that inevitably continues to come up as I visit more people is what I will do after the run.
Lesson To Freshmen. Even though she\u2019s climbed mountains on every continent, world famous climber Alison Levine can now call herself a Mountaineer
Adventures of a Lady in Rock. I wake early, excited to meditate. After all the commotion of touring -- loading in, loading out, singing your heart out, shaking hands, meeting people, and rushing around -- I can hardly wait to sit on a rolled-up towel at the corner of my hotel bed and do nothing for 30 minutes.
'Failure' Is Not a Dirty Word. It's actually guaranteed that you will fail at some point while pursuing a dream in your life. But when you fail, will you misunderstand its lessons like most people usually do? Or will you relate powerfully to your failures?
Don't Be Too Quick to Judge Yourself. The negative thoughts and feelings that are inflicted upon us might also come from inside of us too. While honest self-reflection is healthy and can lead to positive change, it's also important to be kind to ourselves and remember the things we do well.
3 Prerequisites for Successful Weight Loss. I am convinced that anyone can succeed with permanent weight loss. However, there is a big but. Before you can expect to be able to solve your weight problem, there are several prerequisites that must be met.
August. No one can hold back the march of time. Whether you like it or not, you're going to end up taking the exact actions you're trying to put off.  Your only choice is whether you move proactively into the future, or are dragged kicking and screaming into it.
Music Boosts The Brain. The importance of music education is something to consider, given that election season is in full swing. According to a recent
Thoughts on Paul Corby. Intellectual disability should play no role in somebody's qualifications for an organ transplant. It is just another way the system is discriminating against people on the spectrum or with special needs, and we need to put an end to it immediately.
8 Effective Strength-Training Techniques To Try Now. Drop Sets Drop sets can be performed with any exercise that involves moving weight around, like squats or the bench press
Involuntary Childlessness. After years of unsuccessful fertility treatments, three miscarriages, and a husband unwilling to consider other family-building options, Shannon is considering giving up her dream of having another child.  She wanted to know if she would ever get over her childlessness.
Is Greed a Spiritual Process?. There is no such thing as greed. Greed is a judgment you are making about somebody, but different people have different volumes of desire according to whatever they think is necessary for them.
Surprising Endorsement of Yo-Yo Dieting. I am all for healthier eating and increased physical activity, but billions of dollars are spent each year on treatments
Although I Don't Always Enjoy the Actual Working Out, I'm Definitely in Favor of the Benefits. Do I love it when the alarm rings? No. Am I thrilled when stepping onto the treadmill knowing I'm going to be on it for an hour? No. But do I love how I feel when my workout is complete? Yes.
Living Fearlessly and Being Courageous. The modeling of courage in nature is an endless stream of purposeful and courageous action that offers lessons on the lived experience of courage every day and every night.
Top 5 Apps for a Wholesome and Balanced Life. Whether you're dealing with diabetes, struggling with weight loss or simply trying to put a healthy meal on the table for your family, these five RD-approved apps are perfect for making small and realistic changes that yield big, long-lasting results.
Healthy School Lunch Quiz. Back-to-school planning is upon us. But with the beginning of a new year comes an opportunity to change old habits and forge
Concussions. Concussions in children and adolescents over 10 years of age are more likely to occur in organized sports than other activities. It is sometimes amazing that our children survive their early childhood.
Bridging the Gap. One astoundingly-talented woman whose efforts are extremely important for women is Rachell Hall. She is a long-time permanent makeup artist who gives hope and positive self-esteem to breast cancer survivors.
How Do Olympics Matter in Our Everyday Lives?. Now that the awe-inspiring London 2012 Olympics are over and we're done celebrating the amazing physical performances of Gabby Douglas, Usain Bolt, Michael Phelps, and so many  others from around the world... We go back to our normal lives.  But should we?
Doctor Burnout. Generally, researchers found that people possessing an M.D. or D.O. -- the two medical degrees -- were more likely to experience
GPS Guide. The stress and strains of our always-connected lives can sometimes take us off course. GPS For The Soul can help you find your way back to balance.
Calculated Risk. Sometimes it works to take a calculated risk. Sometimes it doesn't.  The challenge is to decide when you can't be wrong.
Better Sidewalks Could Bring Improved Public Health. But some surprisingly simple suggestions could be easiest to institute. Try extending the hours for public parks and schools
Unscrambling Egg Science. The study most recently in the headlines -- just published in the journal Atherosclerosis -- suggests not only that egg ingestion increases the risk of heart disease, but also that the association is as strong as that for cigarettes.  I don't believe either is true.
The 11 Best Sources of Magnesium. My next post will explain how to make sure we're holding onto to all this vitalizing magnesium. My closing recommendation
St. Jude Heart Defibrillator Still Problematic, Despite Changes. * Investors had braced for study, shares barely higher Four abrasions associated with the Riata ST Optim lead resulted in
Improve Your Health By Eating More Raw Foods (VIDEO). Feeling better can be as simple as eating better. Here, professional chef Jesse Brune explains the benefits of consuming
The Perils Of Sacrificing Sleep For Late-Night Studying. High school students with heavy academic course loads often find the demands of homework colliding with the need for adequate
The Well Sleep Quiz. How does sleep affect health, relationships and well-being? We spoke with David K. Randall, author of the new book \Dreamland
Are You Tricking Yourself Out of Love?. To be able to recognize and separate from destructive voices, we must first recognize that many thoughts we regard as our own point of view may not really be representative of our true self.
Boston Market Removes Salt Shakers From Restaurant Tables, Pledges To Cut Sodium Levels In Food. There will be no more salt shakers at tables at the chain's 476 locations, USA Today first reported. Boston Market said in
Fix Your Form. The Fix
The Art of Living. I passionately wanted to learn to scuba dive, but I understood that my fears could cause panic under the water, and so I was left with an empty longing for a world that I didn't know how to visit.
Becoming Fearless About Parenting (VIDEO). The 10-part Becoming Fearless video series is sponsored by Toyota Corolla and will run through August. Hosted by Arianna
People Magazine's Summer Slim-Down Special. It's a feeling we hear all too often from readers who share with us their stories of weight loss success. Whether it's due
How Aspirin Helped Save Rosie O'Donnell During Her Heart Attack. So how did aspirin help to save O'Donnell's life? Well first, it's important to understand how a heart attack forms in the
Hoarding My Kids' Art. All that art was too much. I hated having to make room for it. I hated feeling guilty about it. I hated that all of it, even the lone scribbles done in haste to rationalize her request for a new piece of paper, meant so much to me. I hated that I... was afraid, in fear of what could happen if I threw it away.
The Iceberg Effect. I now have an awareness of my feelings, my opinions, my reality. I think twice before staying out late, living a life of no discipline, and I certainly won't settle for anyone else's 10 percent.
For All We'll Ever Need. In order to move forward, to embrace new paradigms of change, we need to begin listening to new narratives.
Lessons Learned From Ted Williams. The time is now to plan for a funeral -- in part because prices will continue to go up over a lifetime and also because the unexpected can happen anytime.
How to Recover Like an Olympian -- And Finally Understand Men at the Same Time. What interests me is thinking about exploring how some of these clever tricks used by elite athletes can be harnessed to improve the lives of everyday people.
Be The Change Guide. As both of us have been meditating for many years it takes little effort for us to relax and chill out. But that doesn't mean that there aren't times when we do need to chill -- just because we meditate doesn't make us perfect!
Pride Goes Before a Fall, While Concern for Others Could Heal the World. Authentic self-development and confidence empowers a belief in one's self.   And any kind of puffery will wither you to the core over time, leaving you alone and frightened.
Vitamin C Might Protect Lungs On High-Pollution Days. And humans aren't the only ones who can benefit from vitamin C. University of California, Riverside, researchers found that
Benefits of Exercise During and After Cancer Treatment. A report called \Move More\ by an organization called Macmillan Cancer Support surveyed 60 studies and over 400 health professionals to show how important exercise is to cancer treatment -- and for reducing the risk of some cancers progressing or coming back.
Pan-Fried Meat May Raise Prostate Cancer Risk. The study, published in the journal Carcinogenesis, included 2,000 men who were part of the California Collaborative Prostate
11 Health Benefits Of Beans. Beans provide myriad health benefits, and they fit into several different food groups
Soul-Talk. At both the Republican and Democratic National Conventions, The Huffington Post will again sponsor The Oasis, a sanctuary from the madness where delegates and journalists can take a break from the stress and rigors of political angst.
Why Every Week Should Be Nurse Appreciation Week. Throughout history, the culture of medicine has revered the role of a physician as the core to patient care and medical recovery.  Yet in my personal work experience, absolutely no care would be delivered without the critical role of a nurse.
Fear and Courage. Like the rest of us, therapists tend to see courage as some sort of mythic power, existing only in heroes who are beyond human fear. Heroes like that exist only in the movies. Real courage occurs in normal human beings -- people with the same fears we all have.
My Fearless Challenge. Now, I knew, knew, knew that I could ride the trail much better than I was. Yet I could not. I knew, knew, knew that the fear was in my head and if I could just let it dissipate, then all would be well. Easier said than done.
50 for 50. I'm 49, will be 50 on Nov. 7, 2012 (yes, this year). I've had a weight problem my entire life -- losing it, keeping a lot of it off, gaining some back. The American way.
How To Sleep In Hot Weather. The hot, humid weather can make for uncomfortable nights. Humidity is a big part of the problem, making it hard for sweat
'How Can I Make Others Hear and Understand Me?'. Accepting our lack of control over how others see and treat us is a major challenge for many people. It's important to realize that others often treat us the way we treat ourselves.
Meditation for Headache Relief. Tension headaches affect many of us from time to time.  If you've ever had one, you'll know the signs -- mild to moderate pain and a tight band of tension surrounding the head that can make it difficult to focus or concentrate.
What Is Mindfulness and Why Is It Important?. Mindfulness is but an early step on the path to ending, forever, the attachment, anger and indifference that are the root causes of your suffering, but it is a very important step.
U.S. Preventive Services Task Force May Soon Make HIV Testing Routine. A more cost-effective solution proposed by the researchers, and in line with CDC recommendations, would be to do a one-time
Misoprostol. According to the WHO's latest estimates, there were 342,900 deaths related to pregnancy and childbirth in 2008, most of them
How Watching Reruns Helps Us. All those hours spent on the couch watching old episodes of \Friends\ were not wasted after all, a new study finds. Watching
Surprising Places Germs Hide. There's no shortage of stories ringing alarm bells about germs running amok throughout our homes and offices. If you believed
'Healthy' Ingredients You Should Never Eat. Don't let a healthy rep trick you into eating these dangerous foods. Read more on Shape Magazine
O'Donnell's Heart Attack. Comedian Rosie O\u2019 Donnell says on her blog she had a heart attack last week and didn\u2019t know it. But the symptoms she describes
How Well You Sleep May Hinge On Race. Moleendo Stewart can't say for sure what's caused his lifelong sleeping problems. But he has his suspicions. Read more on
These Human Days. Being human is a gritty mystery. We are the most gentle, resilient creatures on Earth. Through our humanness, things that don't seem to go together show their underlying connection. This poem is a weave of ordinary events that opened a telling moment for me.
MiraDry, Procedure For Excessive Sweating, Uses Microwave Energy To Eliminate Sweat Glands. In terms of potential negatives to the treatment, David Pariser, a professor at Eastern Virginia Medical School told the
Planned Parenthood Launches Breast Health Initiative. WASHINGTON, Aug 20 (Reuters) - Planned Parenthood, a target of U.S. conservatives opposed to its abortion and birth control
Phyllis Diller's Fall Led To Worsened Health. She died at her home in Los Angeles, USA Today reported. She had been under hospice care. In 2001, a study in the American
Debbie Ford On Feeling Valued. What makes us feel important? Who do we look to for validation? If we first validate ourselves and the choices we make, other
Dental Health. The condition of your teeth and gums is associated with a host of other health issues that involve your hormones and your
How I Went From Late-30s Slouch to Early-40s Sexy Without Ever Using the Words 'I Really Should...'. It's important to replace beliefs that make you procrastinate with ones that will make you fit. Once you do, your subconscious will begin to change direction, and there will be very little struggle between mind and body.
Yoga Could Decrease Costs, Sick Days For People With Chronic Back Pain. Yoga has been shown in past studies to aid in back pain relief. Researchers found that yoga classes or stretching classes
FEARLESS MEMOIR. While we were in the United States pavilion, I would look over at Daddy and see him grinning and looking at me. It was his silly grin -- at least, I always thought it made him look silly. I knew he hadn't had anything to drink, so I suppose he was trying to see all the things in the pavilion through my eyes.
Infections Among Homeless Could Fuel Wider Epidemics, Study Suggests. But they noted the homeless also have high rates of other infectious diseases, including hepatitis A and B, diphtheria, foot
Weight Loss Tips From Top Fitness Pros. By Charlotte Libov Medically reviewed by Pat F. Bass III, MD, MPH You see their faces everywhere, peering from the jackets
The Antidote for an Overly-Teched Brain. Live performance offers much more than just a period of turning off our cell phones -- it offers an experience of an entirely different order.
Fearless Eating. It makes sense that food neophobia likely evolved, as the researchers state, to prevent mammals from eating poisonous foods. It makes sense that neophobia was important enough to our survival that it became a part of our DNA.
20 Ways To Stand Up To Cancer. Each year, 300 of every 100,000 Americans are diagnosed with some form of cancer, according to the latest statistics. And
Sleep Business Will Keep Booming. One day, when smog-free cars run on sea water and every loophole in the tax code has been closed, the entirety of humanity
5 Things You'll NEVER Regret In Life. Who likes regrets? Here are five things you'll never regret in life
10 Steps to Getting Fit While Staying Happy. In the last six weeks, I have lost several pounds, an inch of fat off my belly, and two inches off my hips. I've also gained serious muscle tone in my arms, shoulders, quads, and abs (hello, six-pack!).
Find Peace. We all have a place we turn to for solace. Whether it is a physical location, a photo of a place once visited or an imagined
3 Pet-Care Strategies That Keep Your Human Family Healthier. Serve And Store Food Safely Everyone needs to know the rules for safe food handling. With 48 million cases of food-borne
Fearlessly Facing Illness (VIDEO). How can you be fearless when facing a serious diagnosis? Fearlessness and sickness don't really seem to go together. But they can.
Crucible for the Soul. For me, finding my center means living a life of balance.  Nurturing both the yin and yang in my life -- on every level -- is what guides me to inner peace and outer strength.
Walnuts Could Improve Sperm Quality, And 5 Other Health Benefits Of The Nut. For men looking to start a family, a small new study is shedding light on an all-natural snack that might help their chances
GPS GUIDE. Today, let your mind wander, get a little lost and then find yourself. For more GPS Guides, click here. Perform some Magic
9 Steps to Family Forgiveness, Part 1. Forgiveness is for YOU. It's your liberation from the relentless re-experiencing of a hurt. It releases you from the gnawing feeling of ick you feel inside each time you hear the person's name or see their face.
3 Tools To Help You Heal Your Heart. Maybe you left a job because you were unhappy, and then you took a new job only to find the same mean boss is back, or the
FEARLESS MEMOIR. We had to make sure Daddy didn't get drunk and belligerent and abusive because then the fun would end. So we had to decide who would be in charge of him. Would we take turns? Was I old enough to have such a delicate responsibility thrust upon me? At the tender age of 15 should I have had to be my daddy's keeper?
The Art of Living. Falconers are interested in the magic that is derived for a brief moment when a mere mortal is permitted to join forces with nature's most adept, feathered lightning bolt.
The Real Secret. Everyone is searching for it. That secret. The one that will solve all their problems. That magic key that will fix whatever they find lacking in their life.
Dating Fears. I don't know the first thing about choosing the right guy. I'm great at giving advice -- I advise my friends like it's my job. So why can't I ever get it together for myself? I wouldn't say I pick bad guys necessarily; I tend to pick guys who are needy.
Traumatic Events, Community and Culture. Purely psychological answers are not enough to promote long-term recovery in communities after hate crimes. The media needs to talk about the role of education, advocacy and activism as ways that communities can heal after traumatic events that involve hate.
Feel More Generous By Reflecting On Moments You've Given, Not Received. New research suggests that these feelings of \giving\ could spur the urge to want to help others, compared with feelings
Resignation. What can we do about resignation? To begin, we need to acknowledge and face our own resignation. We don't have much choice about most circumstances, but we always have a choice in how we relate to the circumstances.
Dying for an Autopsy?. Without mandatory autopsies hospitals and doctors miss a valuable opportunity to improve the quality of medical care for us all.
Sustainable Seafood Is Healthier. \We found that unsustainable seafood items also present higher health risks (as indexed by mercury concentrations) and do
When Mentoring Never Ends. Please remember you are not alone. There are millions of other lives all around you. Each a person feeling happiness and sadness, each a person you may have the opportunity to meet, to know, to share a burden with, to like and/or to love.
I Lost Weight. Name
Author Your Own Story. This condemnation of boredom is something I have grown to appreciate as an adult, and is a lesson for which I am infinitely grateful. Just as I am sure it bothered my mom to hear me say it, few phrases set my teeth on edge more than when a friend complains, \I'm bored.\
To D or Not to (Vitamin) D. There is a link between vitamin D and depression. That seems clear. What that link looks like, though, is still somewhat uncertain. This raises three important issues.
Fear And Grief. My fear is that I lost more than my mom; I lost an ally, a protector, a counselor, and a confidante. Even though she's not physically here, she's still a huge part of who I am.
Victim or Freedom. Self-responsible means taking responsibility for everything in your life, even those events or people that do not in any way seem to be your problem or responsibility. Often the people that most antagonize us are the ones we need most to teach us what we want to learn.
Summer Cool Down Poses. Summer is winding down, but we still have some hot, humid days to deal with before the crisp fall weather arrives. Yoga can help cool the body to better deal with high heat and humidity during the summer.
True Power Lies in Choice. To be free to choose, we need to first be aware that we have such a choice. Every time I can awaken to the freedom of such inner choice, the tide turns. Consciously choosing becomes the basis for learning and unlearning.
More Seniors Living Longer, But More Are Obese. Air quality is also improving for older Americans, with 36 percent living with poor air quality in 2010, compared with 64
Medical Massage Can Improve and Restore Your Pet's Health. When many people think of massage, they think of guilty pleasure -- something they might be willing to splurge on only occasionally, perhaps on vacation. And for themselves, not the family pet!
Transcending Fear With Messages of Hope. Politicians and police officers, Muslims and Jews, children and seniors stood side by side on the grounds of the temple, holding
GPS Guide. For more GPS Guides, click here. GPS Guides are our way of showing you what works for others in the hopes that you can find
Body Heat Infographic. It's official
American Kids Downing More Diet Drinks. The number of U.S. children who drink sugar-free beverages has doubled in the past decade, a new study finds - though the
Tributaries of the Mind. What is a hobby in the human mind? What's going on, psychologically, when we develop an interest and pursue it? Scientists have actually studied this kind of interest and have some insights.
Long-Distance Caregiving Of Aging Relatives Is High-Anxiety. If living a few counties away from aging relatives is enough to cause anxiety, imagine living several thousand miles across
Get to Know Yourself. It is stillness of the mind and body that allow us to step away from our distracted selves and get to know our true selves a little bit better.
John Noble Returns To Work On 'Fringe' After Treatment For Sleep Disorder. Production on the \Fringe's\ fifth and final season has resumed after star John Noble took 10 days off to seek medical treatment
New York Giants Complain Of Losing Sleep Due To Mattresses At Albany Dorms. Defensive tackle Marvin Austin has a back issue that sent him into Manhattan to get checked out. Left tackle Will Beatty
My Yoga Playlist. I personally like my yoga music playlist to evoke a feeling of being on the road where life is free and effortless and you're just along for a good ride.
Fearless Eating. Many people struggle against fear to find balance in their eating. We're bombarded with confusing and sometimes conflicting nutrition information -- even mom said \clean your plate\ and \save room for dessert.\
10 Interval Training Mobile Apps To Download Right Now. It's time to amp up the intensity. Circuit, HIIT and Tabata training produce killer results in little time. Circuit training
Preventing Heat Stress And Injury In Pets. More from Vetstreet
How to Keep Happiness From Fading. Why can't we make the happiness last?  Psychologists (and renown happiness experts) Kennon Sheldon and Sonja Lyubomirsky argue in a recent paper that our hedonic adaption occurs for two reasons.
Stop Fear Before It Starts. Don't sweat the small stuff, because you are so much more than whatever it is you're afraid of.
Dark Chocolate And Cocoa Powder May Help Lower Blood Pressure. However, they didn't observe any big drops in blood pressure in trials comparing consumption of high flavanol-containing
I Lost Weight. These healthy-minded people have different ways of reaching their ultimate weight-loss goals, but the end results are often
Gabrielle Bernstein Interviews Marianne Williamson. When love is our guiding light, we can break through barriers to be of loving service to the world. Gaining the courage and confidence to stand up for what you believe in is not always easy, but it's fully within your reach.
Why People Are Afraid to Be Enthusiastic. Quelling enthusiasm doesn't reduce the risk of disappointment or failure; it only reduces the likelihood of success.  Nothing bad happens when you get excited about something.
What It Takes to Be Great. Simply put, passion is the engine that drives excellence.  It is what motivates us to continue pursuing our dreams when times get tough, when we get tired, or when others tell us we can't possibly succeed.
An End to Writer's Block. Sun Tzu says that \what is essential in war is victory, not prolonged operations.\ And I know for myself that when I'm inspired and clear, I can write three chapters in the time it takes the uninspired me to craft a paragraph.  So when I don't know what to write, I wait.
5 Ways to Drought-Proof Your Grocery Budget. Food prices are already going up as a result of the terrible drought in the Midwest. But your groceries can still be wildly affordable.
Ask A Psychologist. Dr. O'Neill
Trio Of Older Japanese Women Aiding Kids, Women In Afghanistan. Traveling between Japan and Afghanistan where fighting between NATO-led forces and Taliban rebels continues, three Japanese
Smoking Habits In Poorer Countries Are 'Alarming'. The study found that around 64 percent of tobacco users smoke manufactured cigarettes, although loose-leaf chewing tobacco
At-Home Facial. In addition to a pampering treat, facials are the key to healthy skin. If you follow these simple tricks of the trade, you will be amazed with the results you can achieve at home.
A Healing Balance. My own path towards wellness has been a long and dynamic one. It's taught me that healing from the inside out takes time and there can be great value in various sources of guidance.
The Reality of Mortality. I don't know what happens after we die.  But I do know that we have a responsibility to ourselves to take charge, to the best of our ability, of what happens when we live on earth.  To do otherwise is selling ourselves short.
St. Jude Heart Defibrillator Recipients Need X-Rays To Check For Abnormalities. The FDA also said it is requiring post-market surveillance studies on St Jude's recalled QuickFlex and QuickSite CRT leads
Male Birth Control Possible? JQ1 Compound Decreases Mice's Sperm Count, Quality. The compound, called JQ1, was originally created to block the BRD4 gene, which causes cancer. However, researchers have found
Be the Person Your Dog Thinks You Are. When another living being loves you so much, why would you ever doubt your self worth? We should instead strive to live up to that love and be the type of person our dog thinks we are.
Food For Healthy Bones. But milk (and yogurt and cheese) isn't the only way to keep your skeleton strong. Here are some other healthy eats that have
Pregnancy Changes Mom's Gut Bacteria. Having a kid changes everything, from your sleep schedule to the status of that formerly spare room. The stable of bacteria
Deconditioning Is A Condition, Doctor Says. By Katherine Harmon (Click here for the original article and podcast) Many of us aren't exactly in peak physical condition
Driving, Sleep Drugs Put To Test. \I feel a little bit zombie-like, I have to admit.\ On Tuesday's World News broadcast, correspondent Lisa Stark demonstrates
HuffPost Live. Columbia University has just opened the Spirituality & Mind-Body Institute, an innovative program that aims to bring a spiritual
When You Let Your Heart Find the Pathway to Healing. Since starting on this path of deep spiritual healing, Laura Mayer has witnessed a total transformation in body, mind, and spirit.\u00a0In her new book, Unlocking the Invisible Child
When We Are Ready to Be Free. When we can recognize that the soul matures naturally and sometimes with pain, we can be more willing to open to whatever we are feeling. We can stop our process of self-protection and instead self inquire.
DJ Commodus' Always on the Run Playlist. Most people look at exercising as a chore.  But with the right soundtrack, you will leave the gym feeling inspired.
Lack of Physical Activity Found as Harmful as Poor Diet and Smoking. While some progress has been made to reduce tobacco use and alcohol consumption and to promote healthier eating habits, the lack of regular physical activity has not yet been widely recognized as a standalone health threat.
Reality TV Starring Shelter Cats. Of course, no remote-controlled toy can take the place of the love, security and permanency of a forever home. Hopefully, this remote-controlled device can play a role in helping more homeless kitties find adoptive families.
How to Be Fearless When Shopping for a Car. People sometimes get stuck in this anxious mode of thinking, ruminate too long, and never act on the decision. This uncertainty leads them to feel fearful of outcomes they think they have no control over.
Before Eating Red Meat, Think Twice and Live Longer. Before you grab a sizzling steak from the grill or order up a rare burger at a restaurant, stop and think twice. When you reconsider eating red meat and make a healthier menu choice, you give yourself a chance to live longer. Here's why.
Humor Is More Than a Punchline. One of the discoveries I made when writing my graduate thesis was that humor provides psychological, physical, spiritual, and social benefits.  The benefit that most resonated with me is the way that humor helps us to manage stress.
Personal Intelligence. Personal intelligence is new kid on the block for achieving success, and it's gaining a great deal of attention because it is important in helping you shape your career, relationships, and your life.
Paul Ryan P90X. Ryan is hardly the only politician to go public with his fitness preferences. President Barack Obama and the First Lady regularly
Are You a Healer?. What is healing, exactly?  Like trying to describe God or love, it's hard to talk about, and better to have a personal experience of it.  When you experience it, it feels deeply nurturing and peaceful. The first time I experienced healing, it felt like coming home.
Dine Like a Yogi. While experts debate ceaselessly about how we ought to eat, and diets go in and out of style more rapidly than hemlines or hairdos, yoga hasn't changed its basic dietary recommendation for over 2,000 years. It is
Multitasking Might Be Damaging You. In an age where multitasking hasn't just become second nature, but our only nature, it's important to take a step back and think about the effects these choices are having on our lives.
How Yoga Taught Me to Survive... and Thrive. \My intent in practicing yoga is to help people live either truth so they can love their lives -- whatever phase they are in.\
Why Do We Fear Public Speaking? 'Speak,' a New Documentary, Tries to Find Out. Speaking in public is often considered to be our number one fear. So who in his or her right mind would willingly hop on
Fearless Friends Fight. We all fear and avoid emotional pain, but sometimes even grown-ups need to be told to send a text message if they're going to stand someone up.
Back To School. That\u2019s part of the reason a number of sleep advocates have been pushing for later school start times, a move that would not
Food. The path to vibrant health and wellness begins by creating a right relationship with your mind and your body.
I Lost Weight. The book tells you to eat when you are hungry, stop eating when you are full, eat less and do more -- hardly groundbreaking
Why Don't Vegans Care About People?. For those unfamiliar to veganism, it can be to easy overlook that the compassion associated with helping animals is meant to extend to helping humans, as well. The beautiful thing about choosing a plant-based diet is that in one choice, you can start to help save the world. Literally.
Yes... But How?. What would you do if you knew how to interpret the readout of your lifelong conditioning? What would you change and, most importantly, how would you go forward into the world and embrace the unknown?
This Funny-Looking Bar Is One of the Most Overlooked Pieces of Gym Equipment (VIDEO). The gym is packed, all the equipment is taken... except for this funny-looking bar that can give you an incredible total body workout. Watch here to find out the what and how.
Self-Appreciation. Appreciation for our good qualities is really an expression of gratitude for all who have shaped us as individuals. Self-appreciation humbly honors those who have helped us become the person we are today.
Is Our Society's 'Voldemort' the Concept of Death Itself?. We have tried so hard to anesthetize ourselves from the perceived horror of death that most of us have cut ourselves off from knowing how to deal with this profound and inevitable aspect to life.
The P90X of Yoga Has Arrived. Many of the millions of people who actually do yoga in this country do it so they will look hot and have a rocking body, while many of the people who teach and cultivate yoga in this country turn a blind eye to this and pretend that everyone does yoga purely for the deep spiritual insight.
What We Leave Behind. I don't know what it means, if anything, but I do know it has got me thinking about what we leave behind when we are gone
You're So #$%&ing Predictable. I challenge you to take on change for the next couple of weeks. Little changes, safe changes if you want, but take on something. Try walking an extra couple of blocks to get on the train or bus at a different stop. Try a restaurant you've never been in.
The Down Side of Resentment. Proactive, clear, authentic, transparent communication and forgiveness will set us free from the energy of resentment, anger and bondage to the past.
Train Like a Gymnast. To be a great gymnast you must be superhumanly strong and have great balance, and yet also display such delicacy of movement that Mikhail Baryshnikov would be impressed.
WATCH. In this video, I'm sharing my favorite teaching about fear, which comes from the late Rabbi Alan Lew. This simple, little-known idea about fear has been life-changing for the women and men I work with.
Fix Your Form. The Faux Pas
Nike's Notion of Greatness, and the Road Not Taken. Weight does not measure human worth.  It is not an indicator of character.  Bathroom scales are not designed to weigh merit.  The boy in the Nike ad may well be full to the brim with greatness -- but none of it has anything to do with running.
Soap Ingredient Triclosan Linked To Muscle Weakness. Soap may hold a dirty little secret in the form of a chemical called triclosan. Used in antiseptic hand soaps, shaving cream
Where the Impossible Becomes Possible. By releasing your attachments to obsolete thoughts, feelings, and assumptions, you gain the energy and clarity to make shifts to live your best, find your passion, and deal with the transition of designing, embracing and choosing your life's path.
GPS Guides. The stress and strains of our always-connected lives can sometimes take us off course. GPS For The Soul can help you find
Caring For a Loved One With Crohn's Disease. My husband has some residual pain and small scars from the surgery, but his Crohn's disease is mostly under control. Going through these serious hospitalizations and the surgery taught me the importance of being in control of your loved one's medical care.
Internet And Depression. It turns out that very specific patterns of internet use are reliably related to depressive tendencies. For example, peer
Be Your Own Coach. Starting a new health and fitness regime, changing careers or simply dealing with the challenges thrown up in day-to-day life can be daunting and intimidating. Learning to coach yourself through situations like this is possible.
No Spike In Heat Deaths Despite Record Temperatures. Extreme hot weather across much of the country does not seem to have translated into unusual numbers of heat-related deaths
5 Habits to Adopt Before the End of Summer. Summertime offers its advantages of giving us certain incentives to get healthier. By picking up some healthy traits now, let's try to make sure we keep it that way... the whole year round!
Soaring Numbers of Children on Powerful Adult Psychiatric Drugs. A recent blog of mine described how unethical and illegal drug company activities have driven the prescription of antipsychotic drugs to children.  Now the \success\ of this campaign has been documented in the Archives of General Psychiatry.
Stay Healthy By Eating Simple Foods (VIDEO). Fad diets often lead to inconsistent weigh loss, which can be frustrating, to say the least. Instead, nutritionist Alyse
A Turn in the Path. This is the journey -- not the race we make of things, or the filling of cracks with gold, but how the bright colors run into everything.
Blood Type Linked With Heart Disease Risk. Last year, a study presented at the conference of the American Heart Association suggested a link between blood type and
Tai Chi May Enable COPD Patients To Exercise More. The research, published in the European Respiratory Journal, shows that participating in Tai Chi seems to improve the exercise
Living Life in Peace. The London 2012 Olympics came to an end yesterday. The spectacular closing ceremony featured many great performances, including one by John Lennon. The late Beatle appeared on screen and sang \Imagine,\ one of his most popular songs. It was the perfect song for the moment.
Stop Trying to Relax. Relaxation is the most difficult Olympic sport of all, and the sting of not getting a medal can run deep. Finding our present is often the missing step as many of us begin a meditation, yoga or any other mind-cleansing practice.
Become a Warrior of the Peace. Last night, I was mugged in New York City. Here\u2019s how it went down
What Do You Work For?. I recently read one of my college friend's tweets and it read
Off the Grid. We have no use for leisure when it takes us 10 days to clear our way to leave and 10 days to catch back up when we return from our supposed vacation, where we answered texts and emails just to be sure we could afford to relax.
Video Game Exercise. \Exergames,\ or video games that incorporate some physical activity, are not a good replacement for exercise -- but they
Dreaming, Depression And How Sleep Affects Emotions. For the past half-century, sleep researcher Rosalind D. Cartwright has produced some of the most compelling and influential
It's Never Too Late to Get in Shape! Summer Workout Series, Part 2. Hopefully, your first three weeks of training were productive and you are starting to feel stronger and a bit more conditioned. In this next three-week phase, we are not only going to change the program, but we are also going to slightly increase the intensity of the strength training program.
The Top 10 Workout Songs of 2012... So Far. It's usually December when folks take a look back at the year that's passed.  But, since we're midway through the summer -- and there are plenty of opportunities to get back outdoors -- it  seems like a great time to recap the best workout tracks from January through June.
Hot Tips to Keep Your Dog Cool in the Dog Days of Summer. It's August, and the thermometer has risen to over 85 degrees again.  You are out with your best friend who always wears an impractical black fur coat.   What can you do to keep her cool?
I Lost Weight. Check out more of our inspiring weight loss stories below
What Do Your Dreams Mean?. \Dreams don't happen to us, we happen to them,\ says Edinburgh-based dream psychologist Ian Wallace, author of \The Top 100
5 Tips to Jump Like an Olympic Beach Volleyballer. Whether you want to dunk a basketball, kill a volleyball, or just grab that cereal off the top shelf, here are five ways to increase your vertical jump:
Me on Drugs. I have been on drugs for about six years, give or take. Prozac and Buspiron. Prozac for depression and Buspiron for its evil twin sister, anxiety.  There were others, too. I can't remember how I got started on them -- well, we can surmise I was depressed.
Insomnia Is My Schoolyard Bully. If sleep is my recess from a busy shift at work, insomnia is the playground mafioso, sauntering over to my place of business, demanding precious hours of sleep like it is some chump-change that I can spare.
All Your Work Should Be Sand Castles. Your work might be intellectually or emotionally challenging, but the act of sitting down to do it should be little harder than sitting down to build a sand castle. All your work should be play, in other words.
Living Like an Olympian. At some point during the thrill of watching the Olympics, the question emerges
How To Feel Safe Again (VIDEO). One of the unfortunate facts of life is that tragedy strikes now and again. This can move us into a state of great fear, sometimes even paralyzing us.
Ultrafast Camera Renews Promise Of Blood Test For Early Cancer Detection. There is already one diagnostic tool on the market for identifying and counting CTCs in blood samples, but it is not optimized
Yoga Fixes From Head To Toes. Obviously everyone is an individual with unique problems, but some common maladies hit us all from time to time. Here are seven for which yoga has been studied in clinical trials, or that I'm currently in the process of researching myself.
Yoga. This is an interview with Bob Altman, who in 2008 started winding down his law practice and ramping up his yoga practice. That experience started him on a path to yoga service.
Loud, Persistent Snoring Linked With Behavioral Problems In Kids. Researchers at Albert Einstein College of Medicine found that sleep-disordered breathing -- which can manifest as snoring
From Dreams to Dollars... Says Who?. We are constantly wishing for some larger entity that will reward us when we are good and punish us when we are bad.  We so want to believe that some one, some thing, is in charge of us, and if we play by the rules it will all work out and we will get everything we want.
No Time for Something Important to You? Try Getting Up Earlier. From what I hear, one of the most common happiness challenges is lack of time for something important. People want to exercise, or work on a novel, or meditate, or read for pleasure, and they just can't fit it into their day. I absolutely know the feeling.
How Dieting Makes People Obese. Diets and dieting are not the solution to your stubborn weight problem. They are among the main causes. Learning how to eat well habitually, in a way that is more enjoyable than what you do now, is the solution -- and it is not just a matter of \willing\ it.
Unplug And Recharge. Earlier today, HuffPost Live host Abby Huntsman sat down with Arianna, author Susan Cain, television host and journalist
Paul Ryan's Extreme Workout Plan. New vice presidential hopeful Paul Ryan has been called many things\u2014a dangerous extremist, the future of the Republican Party
Bipolar II Disorder. Jackson left for an unexplained medical leave in June. His wife, Sandi, earlier said that Jackson was experiencing \debilitating
How Do You 'Find Your Greatness'?. Nike's new Olympics ad campaign celebrates the idea that \if you have a body, you're an athlete.\ Here's a look at how the
Facing The Fear Of Back Surgery. My dad lay helpless, and yet, as a parent could only hope to do, he managed to find the words I most needed to hear. I wiped my tears and kissed my husband. I would be brave for my parents, my husband and my kids.
For Passion or Paycheck? Ask Noah. Stop wasting your time defining the word passion. You know what it means! They don't think you care enough. Perhaps they're not \seeing\ your efforts. When they can't witness these efforts time and again, they can't witness an obvious \financial win.\
How To Get Rid Of Annoying Body Problems. Here's a roundup of 15 of the most common body annoyances, with info on what causes them, how you should handle them, and
Like An Olympian. I snack on things like sliced apples with peanut butter, toast (I make my own bread!), yogurt with homemade granola and berries
Yoga Helps Relieve Sleep Problems. Research reports that yoga practice can help to alleviate sleep problems. For a natural, drug-free way to promote restful sleep, try yoga for sweet dreams.
Olympic Swimmer Leisel Jones. Next time you find yourself wanting to criticize someone else as a way to make yourself feel better, think like an Olympian and rise above the rest. Conquering your fears isn't about making yourself look better than others; it's about making you the best you can be.
Are Your Mind and Body in the Same Place?. There is a well-known saying that contains great wisdom
Healthy Eating, Exercise Linked With Workplace Productivity. Another thing that takes a major blow on productivity? Sleep deprivation. And smoking is linked with a 28 percent increased
Saliva Testing for Adrenal Evaluation. I frequently see patients who have gotten saliva testing for various hormone levels, a common practice in many integrative and complementary health clinics, who want to know whether they can fully test the saliva testing results.
What's YOUR Olympics?. Watching Gabby Douglas win a gold medal in the Olympics awakens the inner dreamer in all of us. If this 16-year-old can go
FEARLESS MEMOIR. One thing was clear
15 Olympic-Inspired Exercises To Try Today. Break It Down, Now
Diem Brown Blogs, 'Can Fear Kill?'. If I read something in the past titled \Can Fear Kill?\ I would have rolled my eyes at how overly dramatic that statement
The Peace of Completion. As you slough the items off your to-do list and get closer to your goal of completion, be sure to notice your clear head, renewed energy, and increased momentum and focus. There is truly peace in completion -- enjoy it!
The Most (And Least) Livable States Of The Future. Gallup collected this data based on phone interviews conducted as part of Gallup Daily Tracking/The Gallup-Healthways Well
9 Ways To Have A Healthier Weekend. More from Everyday Health
What's Your Passion?. I don't get paid for editing my little films, and, truthfully, I wouldn\u2019t want to be. This is what I do for fun. I become
Flip Over and Float. Unchecked, your fear mind (or \Mafia Mind,\ as I like to call it) will start its negative script about the idiot driver in front of you or your chatty office mate who made you late, creating constriction (stress). This is your chance to do something different.
FEARLESS MEMOIR. Gee shot me an All About Eve glance that said, \Fasten your seat belts, it's going to be a bumpy night.\ She had discovered that Daddy had already been drinking. His morning alcohol consumption had made him docile. But now he was getting fidgety because he wanted more.
Navigating by Heart. When hearing two competing voices inside me, I've too often listened to the louder one, the more popular one, the more demanding one. Slowly I'm learning to listen more deeply, to listen beyond the clamor, to listen for the quieter voice of knowing.
Gratitude In Teens Linked With Being Happier. A study presented at the annual meeting of the American Psychological Association shows that grateful teens are also more
VOTE. If you're anything like us during these Olympic Games -- a.k.a. glued to the screen -- you might be feeling the itch to get
Don't Let Your Amygdala Ruin Your Day (And Waste Your Time). Make a conscious choice to not go on the wild goose chase anxiety can launch, but know that you're better off without it. Instead, downgrade the importance of worry's messages and switch lines. The one without worry moves a lot faster.
A Hunger to Live Longer. Want to live a long time? Who doesn't? Quite a number of smart people have staked their hopes for long life on restricting their calorie intake. It's an idea that rests on a not-inconsiderable body of evidence. But some new developments suggest it may be a questionable strategy.
Train Like a Sprinter. Most of us will not come close to running the speeds seen in the Olympics. Training like a sprinter, though, will help you build a sexy, athletic body and give you the upper hand in the battle to catch the bus.
Teamwork Secrets We Can Learn From the Bryan Brothers. Whether you're a tennis enthusiast or not, you can apply the teamwork lessons of the Bryans to any aspect of your life.
Olympian Fit Tips. One of my biggest challenges upon hanging up my racing suit was learning how to be fit and healthy without holding myself to those Olympic standards (which are nearly impossible to sustain). I am not alone in this.
What We Learn From Near-Death Experiences. More from Everyday Health
A Soft Message for a Hard Time. In yoga, it is known that the wonderful spiritual states described in the great tradition arise naturally without even trying. They are called siddhis, special powers that come naturally by grace. Just as sleep comes naturally.
Finding the Blessing in Alzheimer's. While I know that new challenges lie ahead, my mother is teaching us all lessons about rejoicing in small, but precious moments.
Psychiatry. On the face of it, medication compliance makes sense.  Patients should take their medications as instructed and families should ensure that they do. But is it that simple?
De-Clutter Your Life!. Have you seen the late George Carlin's riff on \stuff\? If you haven't, it is brilliant and hilarious, and it exemplifies so much of what I believe about the over-filled, over-scheduled, over-thought, and over-wrought experiences that we now call life in 21st-century America.
Spiritual Intelligence. Spiritual intelligence is critical for personal growth and authentic leadership. The community, family, global and business leaders of the future will be those who are quickest to recognize this fact and begin to measure and cultivate the skills of spiritual intelligence in themselves and their organizations.
What If. What if, at your fingertips, you had all the information that could tell you all you needed to know about every disease and/or illness you may contract for the rest of your life?
Legumes. Legumes -- a class of vegetables including beans, peas, and lentils -- are terrific to include in the diet. They are rich in and fiber and chock full of vitamins and minerals, including folate, manganese, iron, potassium, magnesium, and copper.
Comorbid Diagnoses. Understanding how comorbid conditions are intertwined with an eating disorder, and treating both the eating disorder and co-occurring illness -- is critical to lasting recovery.
Exeter Hospital Tests Patients For Hep C Friday After Lab Tech Arrested For Infecting Syringes. Thirty former patients and one hospital employee had been infected with the same strain of hepatitis C as Kwiatkowski, including
The Way Red Meat Is Cooked Can Affect Cancer Risk. When it comes to eating meat, a guy's choice of what he eats and how it is cooked may affect his risk of having advanced
Listen to Your Doctor (Unless You're an Athlete). When I told my family physician that, after nine years as a vegetarian I was eating meat again, she didn't blink, much less make a note on my chart. That was my first inkling that doctors may not take a holistic view of health that jives with mine.
Stressed Men Drawn To Heavy Women. When placed under stressful situations, men rate larger women as more attractive, new research has shown. [H/T Fark] Read
'Huh?' Health Headline Of The Week. But other tweets had more fun. Check out the many different opinions on the study in the slideshow below. The journal tweeted
U.S. Swim Team. It\u2019s kind of like the final exam in college. If you spend a little bit of time each day, you don\u2019t need cram at the end. And
Where Is the Love?. When we declare we are tolerant there is an air of judgment and superiority, as if we are putting up with someone or something we don't approve of. We have deemed their choice inferior to ours, but we will take the high road and tolerate them.
Eating Disorder Therapist Emily Sandoz on Accepting the Reality of Bad Body Image. When I heard word of a self-help workbook in the works about a promising new kind of CBT for body dissatisfaction called acceptance and commitment therapy (ACT), I made a mental note.
Fit Links. There's a lot to be learned from yoga class and yogi wisdom -- but the practice also has its fair share of crazy. Well + Good
Olympians And Sleep. Add all that to the immense pressure to sleep the night before competing, and you have a recipe for disaster. And he tells
5 Ways To Keep Your Ego In Check. I recently read a quote that said, \u201cYour beliefs don\u2019t make you a better person, your behavior does.\u201d OM. Word to that! How
Speech Is Energy. Remember that speech is energy, and energy makes up matter and our physical world. So when we speak, we actually build the kind of experiences that surround us and that we attract. We \call\ to us the kind of life we are having.
3 Must-Have Summer Drinks to Keep Your Skin Looking Healthy. We're all spending more time outdoors. And that warm summer sun feels oh-so-good -- until I remember the damage it could be wreaking on my skin
Confessions of a Former Boob Man (As in a Man With His Own Boobs!). Although you wouldn't know it to look at me today, I used to be a total boob man. But the difference between me and that guy who Googles Dolly Parton is that at the time, I had boobs that could give Ms. P a run for her money.
7 Ways to Train the Self-Care Habit. The important thing here is that self-care is a major factor in feeling well and being resilient in difficult times. But there are some simple ways to get your brain in the habit of self-care.
How to Train Like an Olympic Gymnast. Ever wonder how Olympic gymnasts achieve that ultimate combination of lean muscle, incredible flexibility, and impressive bodyweight-to-strength ratio?
Woman, Deconstructed. Whatever challenges you may be experiencing, it's times like these when we can choose to either be destroyed by our fears or be willing to endure the temporary deconstruction of our parts, thus creating awareness and shifting our perceptions, in order to be whole again.
What My Braces Didn't Fix. If it takes a while to build that momentum back up, I hope you'll take comfort in this. You're still ahead by one project
Is It a Breakdown in Etiquette?. What is this first name stuff and why does it bother me? I understand the whole \let's be friendly\ movement. The problem comes when you recognize that giving one respect over another diminishes someone, and perhaps that's why we have a protocol called manners in the first place.
5 Blunders That Kill Your Happiness. I believe we were meant to be happy. I am also pretty certain it was meant to be a challenge to get and stay happy, or else we'd take it for granted and get bored. So then, life is about the pursuit of happiness.
Social Media Makeovers. Although it feels wrong to write about something you should be afraid of on a page that's dedicated to overcoming fear, I think having anxiety about your online image is a good thing.
Addicted to Technology. The more aware you are about your relationship to technology, the more empowered you become.  Let's make our technology devices work for us, not the other way around.
Attracting the Wrong Person -- What Type of Energy Are You Putting Out?. You attract a mirror image of the energy you give out, so when you keep complaining about attracting the wrong person, you have to thank those people for shedding light on something you may need to change about yourself.
Tobacco Use Down In Middle-Schoolers And High-Schoolers. However, the researchers noted that the decline in smoking among kids and teens between 2000 and 2011 was relatively slow
Less Equals More. There is only one way to begin chipping away at the exorbitant cost of health care in America. That is by each and every individual adopting a new and different mindset to control spending. This includes those of us who write daily about health issues.
The Worst Things To Say To Someone Trying To Lose Weight. Research backs those responses up. A whopping 66 percent of women aged 25-55 who have dieted or are trying to lose weight
Bob Hoskins And 7 Other Famous Faces Of Parkinson's Disease. \Hook\ and \Who Framed Roger Rabbit?\ actor Bob Hoskins recently announced that he will be retiring from acting due to his
After Mass Shootings, Do Criminal Trials Help Us Heal?. The longer the affair remains in the public realm, the longer it can take for those affected to look seriously at themselves
How Would You Like Your Rationing -- Rational, or Irrational?. Several years after making headlines for its health care reform, Massachusetts is back in the news, this time for passing legislation that aims to impose a cap on overall health care spending.  That ambition implies, even if it doesn't quite manage to say, a very provocative word
Book Review. Neuroscience and cognitive psychology are two of several exciting new fields about the brain and behavior. This book does sound justice to these subjects and to the evolving way that science can (and must) inform and assist everyday human endeavors, including parenting.
How to Undo the Damage of Negativity. Hurtful words in a relationship can be like a drop of red dye in a glass of water that turns the whole glass pink. What starts
Confused About Salt?. The world's leading health authorities -- from the American Heart Association to the World Health Organization -- have urged people to cut back on salt (sodium). There simply is no controversy
Want to Lose Fat? Count Your Hormones, Not Your Calories (Part 2). If you take a hormones-first approach to weight loss, you can keep hunger at bay, diminish cravings and stabilize energy.  Doing things this way causes the body to eat less, naturally, which allows us to make new changes to our lifestyle without relying solely on willpower.
The Meaning of Good Health. The choice to live our lives to the full measure of our potential in every aspect can only be made by each one of us and only for ourselves. But once we take ownership, there is a better chance that the accomplishments will last.
6 Surprising Ways to Be Happier. It's never too late to start along this path -- whether you're 30 or 70. Your reward will be a life well-lived and a sense of freedom and liberation that only comes to those willing to experience life on their own terms... you can do it!
More Evidence That Sleep Enhances Memory and Learning. Do you ever feel forgetful and a little sluggish of mind? Do you wish you could pick up new skills more quickly and easily? Here's a tip
Lion's Mane. Mushrooms provide a vast array of potential medicinal compounds. Many mushrooms are well-known for these properties, but the lion's mane mushroom, in particular, has drawn the attention of researchers for its notable nerve-regenerative properties.
Mental Health Notes. What we now know about neural functioning indicates pretty strongly that what we think can and does change our brain. In the last 20 years there has been an explosion of new understanding in brain science.
Mindfulness Is Not a Cure; It's Better. Don't look for mindfulness to cure your anxiety, depression or addiction; look at it more as a new way of relating to life, a way of coming home, nurturing a healthier heart and opening up to the experience of being alive.
Thyroid Cancer? Sign Me Up. Never in my life did I think I would ever hear the word \cancer\ in reference to me. After all, I have devoted my life to fitness, healthy living and nutrition. Turns out, you can't always outsmart genetics. They actually have something to do with it.
I Lost Weight. Check out more of our inspiring weight loss stories below
How to Build an Olympic-Sized Habit. Though it's safe to say most reading this article's closest connection to the Olympics will ever be is the couch, their bottom, and a TV set, in the spirit of the games I asked leading behaviorist Dr. B.J. Fogg how us Average Joes can develop \Olympic-sized\ habits.
Music Therapy for Individuals With Alzheimer's and Other Dementias. Ensuring that residents in nursing homes and others have access to music of their choice is a fabulous goal to strive toward.
Honesty Linked With Better Health. And apparently, we are more likely to lie when speaking aloud, instead of text messaging -- a study from the University of
Being Vegan Enough. It seems to me that some of us vegans have lived too long in a bubble, surrounding ourselves only with people of similar thinking. Many have lost touch with the idea of reaching out, in compassion, to other humans and helping them along in their path of life.
Tara Stiles May Cause Miracles. In my \May Cause Miracles\ interview series I sit down with Tara Stiles and talk, yoga, spirituality and life flow. Learn how Tara finds flow and stretches time through her yoga practice!
How To Burn 6,000 Calories (Like An Olympian). No matter what that exact count may be, most elite athletes certainly do have to balance extreme workouts with calorie-laden
Living With Dyslexia. My dyslexia still comes into play on a daily basis, but I've learned so many ways to compensate that it usually doesn't present a huge problem. I've come a long way from the 11-year-old boy trying to hide my disability.
A Lesson in Proper Prioritization. We all know that our friends are good for us. They are our cheerleaders and our shoulders to cry on. They're our confidants and our champions. Studies show having friends enhances our feelings of wellbeing, reduces stress, and even helps us live longer.
The Case of The Mysterious Eye Rash. For more from Maria Rodale, go to www.mariasfarmcountrykitchen.com It started in April. An itchy, burning little rash at
The Most Fearless Thing Kelly Ripa Has Ever Done (VIDEO). And if you adore Kelly as much as we do, you'll just love this look back at her illustrious career
Color-Coded Food Could Help Us Make Healthier Choices. Making healthy food choices easier could especially help the poor the undereducated, the very populations most affected by
Sherman Hemsley Lung Cancer. TMZ reported that Hemsley was advised to undergo chemotherapy or radiation before he passed away. Lung cancer is the most
Propecia Linked With Lasting Symptoms Of Depression. The findings come on the heels of another study, published earlier this year, showing that the drug may also have lasting
Tuberculosis Vaccine Used In Controversial Type 1 Diabetes 'Cure'. \We found that even low doses of the vaccine could transiently reverse type 1 diabetes, and this was in patients who have
Bob Hoskins Parkinson's Disease. TMZ reported that Hoskins was diagnosed with the nervous system disorder last year in the fall. Bob Hoskins, the 69-year
10 Hidden Reasons for U.S. Obesity, Part Two. Eating too much and exercising too little, considered the root of obesity, are not the only probable culprits. Here are some other factors that are often overlooked.
How to Work Double-Time Part Time for Full-Time Free Time. Balance is not a benchmark you should be measuring yourself by, and it's not a standard that will bring you a life you love. Embrace the season. Embrace the focused imbalance.
The Best And Worst Beauty Ingredients For Psoriasis. For more on beauty and skin, click here. Some people are more sensitive to some ingredients than others. If you're not sure
Narcolepsy. Narcolepsy can be terribly challenging, and it's critical that both the public and professionals become better informed about its signs and symptoms.
Can Red Wine Reduce Your Risk for Breast Cancer?. Combined with a healthy lifestyle, drinking red wine could reduce your risk factor for breast cancer.  I'll drink to that!
You Are (Probably) Wrong About You. If you want to be more successful -- at anything -- than you are right now, you need to know yourself and your skills. And when you fall short of your goals, you need to know why.
Beat the Heat. The dog days of August are here, and we should all be on high alert for heat illness. This summer has been characterized by extreme heat and humidity -- two weather patterns that can equal a recipe for disaster.
Rowing the Big Seas. For the past year and a half, my husband Charlie and I have been saying to each other, \We need to sign up for a Sound Rowers race.\
How To Reset Your Inner Clock To Get Quality Sleep. We get lots of books sent to us here on the Forbes leadership team. My colleague Fred Allen and I were especially intrigued
The Great Debate. If you're looking to have healthier, younger-looking skin without exposure to chemicals, toxins or harsh treatments, consider adding face oils to your skin care routine. Yes, it turns out the skin care ingredient we've feared most of our lives can actually transform our skin.
A Look At Marilyn Monroe's Diet & Workout Shows She Was Fitness Trailblazer. Legendary sex symbol Marilyn Monroe was hailed for her voluptuous curves, and while the blonde bombshell was often caricatured
Week 1 of the Great Lung Run. We are one week into this adventure, and it is time for updates! I am still running across the country to raise money and awareness for lung cancer. I am taking on this challenge in honor of a dear childhood friend, Jill Costello, who lost her battle with lung cancer at just 22.
Jordyn Wieber Stress Fracture. As Jo-Ann Barnas reported for the Detroit Free Press
The Best Abs Exercises You've Never Seen Before. Thirteen top trainers share their most creative, crazy-effective core moves. Read more on Shape Magazine
Teens Can Get HPV Without Sexual Intercourse. Even girls who have not had sexual intercourse are at risk for infection with human papillomavirus (HPV), a new study shows
9 Hard Truths About Weight Loss. There are reasons why you have a hard time shedding those extra pounds, but if you arm yourself with knowledge, you can overcome
Hospitals Should Be More Like... The Cheesecake Factory?. Medicine is plagued with inconsistency -- different doctors have different preferred procedures; outcomes and costs are not
Are Prescription Drugs Making Us Any Healthier?. I know that prescription medications can help many people turn their health around, and I don't want to suggest that prescription drugs are all bad. But they are powerful enough to change our physiology and for this reason should not be taken lightly.
How to Build a Great Relationship in 15 Minutes a Day. Good relationships -- professional or personal -- take time.  But you don't have to spend endless hours to have a positive impact on someone.  Regular snippets of focused time add up.
RORA Gene Variant Linked With PTSD. And in a Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences study of genocide survivors from Rwanda, a gene associated with
'Darkness Cannot Drive Out Darkness; Only Light Can'. No religion or community, whether they are Muslims, Sikhs or Christians, should bear the burden of a single person's crime.
'I Want To Start A Nonprofit. But I Feel Fear'. My desire to do something for the children in Haiti really intensified after the earthquake. I started taking some actions to make it happen. But I felt fear. Haiti has such a stigma when it comes to nonprofit.
The Elusive Vegan Man. When I first went vegan, I simultaneously decided that I was probably never going to find a partner who shared my beliefs. I assumed that it would be difficult to find many men driven by something that was very important to me
Fix Your Form. For more on fitness and exercise, click here. Tell us how it goes in the comments below, and be sure to check back over the
YOUR #FitnessBucketList Tweets. Last week, we asked you to share the items on your Fitness Bucket List -- the weights you want to lift, the finish lines
West Nile Virus Symptoms. The best way to protect yourself from West Nile is to avoid getting bitten by mosquitoes, the CDC said. You can protect yourself
The New Elixir. The world's most widely used pick-me-up reduces your risk of neurodegeneration, depression, cancer and cardiovascular disease, and that's just the beginning of the story.  Yes, I'm talking about that legal, over-the-counter beverage now available every other block.
Strawberries Could Help Protect Against Damage From Ultraviolet Radiation, Cell Study Suggests. \At the moment the results act as the basis for future studies evaluating the 'bioavailability' and 'bioactivity' of anthocyanins
Yoga. This is an interview with Felice Brenner, who had been working as a \headhunter\ for 20 years to become a full-time yoga instructor. She teaches two classes a week at the Veterans Administration in Boston, Jamaica Plains campus.
Honey Health. The researchers, led by Dr. Herman Avner Cohen of Tel Aviv University, found that among 300 children whose parents reported
A Different Kind of Medical Battle. In the heated political battles that get all the attention, it's wise to remember that it is in the quiet battles that the most exquisite pain is experienced.
Oral Hygiene Habits of the Interesting. I had the honor of interviewing U.S. Astonaut Clayton C. Anderson about his oral hygiene habits while living on the international space station for six months.
Can Eating Breakfast Prevent Type 2 Diabetes?. If you're someone who regularly skips breakfast, it might be time to restructure your morning to fit it in. The immediate and long-term effects are an investment in your health and wellbeing.
We Tried It. When the folks at HuffPost Healthy Living asked if I would be up for Physique 57's two-week challenge, I couldn't type the words \Yes, please\ fast enough.
How Trauma Is Impacting Our Culture and What We Can Do to Help. It's important for people who suffer with trauma to get the treatment that's appropriate to their unique experiences and that is sensitive to the specific symptoms they are struggling with at the moment.
A Shaman's Journey. In all, I took the off-road adventure, self-creating my own shamanic path without the guideposts and maps we are used to finding on spiritual quests, a feat common to many modern seekers on broken paths in this cultural melting pot.
I Lost Weight. It hasn't been easy, especially since my husband is not as dedicated to nutrition and exercise as I have become. He's 6'6
The Art of Living. The decision to freefall 13,000 feet out of a plane came after a family vote of \what to do tomorrow\ while vacationing in Hawaii.  My five children voted on skydiving. Even the little one voted for skydiving, because she wanted to see if I had the guts to do it.
Is There 'Quick Enlightenment\? (VIDEO). One should not aim for something one does not know; instead, one should look at his current limitations in life and see how to go beyond them.
5 Ways to Do Good and Feel Good -- Fast, Free and From Your Desk. Science tells us compassion is good for our health, and we know that helping others makes us feel good, but sometimes it feels like there just aren't enough hours in the day. In minutes, at no or low cost, and from your desk, you can contribute.
Soul-Talk. If you have ever trampled all over someone, either intentionally or unintentionally, and later regretted your actions, then perhaps you understand the value of forgiveness.
Olympic Trainer Rob Schwartz On What It Takes To Train For The Olympics. For more from our \Like An Olympian\ series, click here. It's interesting that types of sports are grouped together and given
Outdoor Play May Protect Children's Eyes From Nearsightedness. The study, published in the journal Investigative Ophthalmology & Visual Science, included more than 7,000 children who participated
Scratching an Itch, the Secret to Success. Effort is really the key component of the cycle of success, because even if you are inspired, motivated, or determined, you will not succeed if you don't put in the effort. Effort is the last step of the cycle before accomplishment.
How To Stop Fear In Its Tracks. Fear. Your mortal enemy and career killer. How can one emotion help you fly through one situation like you have wings, yet be your downfall in another situation?
Cardio Or Weights First? Exercise Order Sometimes Matters. -- Karen \Ask Healthy Living\ is for informational purposes only and is not a substitute for medical advice. Please consult
What Would You Do If You Had No Fear?. Source
Decoding The Science Of Sleep. Zlatko Glusica was the captain of an Air India Express plane carrying 166 passengers from Dubai to Mangalore, a bustling
Grief and Loss. Grieving is a natural and healthy response to a loss that should never be understated or taken for granted. Allowing ourselves to grieve and traverse through this painful process helps the mind and heart mend more appropriately and over time may give us some peace.
10 Years 'After' Breast Cancer. Why am I telling this story for what feels like the 100th time? Because I think it is important to recognize that I am just like you. I am not a hero. I am not particularly brave. If I could get through what I got through, then anyone can get through anything.
Free Falling. Have you ever followed your GPS when it's gone rogue? It's recalculating and recalculating and you have no choice but to do what it says because you have absolutely no idea where you are.  That's what taking risks are about too.
Working Out for the Olympics. In the words of Aristotle, \We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.\
Money Can't Buy You Love, But Can Love Get You Money?. What I came to realize is that money, like a birdbath, has a self-leveling effect. No matter what we do, the amount of money we have, as well as the sense we have of our own richness or poorness, remains leveled.
It's Glow Time. Styling your life is all about taking accountability for what exists in your orbit and implementing practices that reinforce the intention of loving yourself and living out your goals.
This Video May Cause Miracles. This is the first video in an interview series called \May Cause Miracles,\ in honor of my forthcoming book. In this series I'll feature my miracle worker friends and riff on how they live a miraculous life.
Workout Secrets From Top Olympic Athletes. By Alanna Nu\u00f1ez for Shape.com Unleash your inner Olympian with these gold medal-worthy fitness tips. More from Shape.com
FEARLESS MEMOIR. As the night dragged on, Dan kept refilling Daddy's glass. I wanted to get away, to go to the camper and into the bed, to my safe place. There was no telling what Daddy might do if he drank too much. And here Dan was, plying him and Bunnie Ann with alcohol.
Worrying Vs. Caring. Most people would say that worrying is pointless and a waste of time and energy. I submit to you that it is actually harmful. Here's why
Exercise Could Decrease Depression Among Heart Failure Patients. In the new study published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, Duke University researchers found that moderate
Can't Sleep? Which Home Remedies Really Work. Before you ever learned about keeping your bedroom dark, cool, quiet and gadget-free, chances are someone (Hi, Mom!) told
Family Reunion. You might think that we are going to be telling you how fearful it is to get 42 people together in the same spot at a family
Healthy Tips And Tricks For A Summer Barbecue. With our spatulas already in hand, we have to face facts
Fear And The Art Of Lowered Expectations. Lowering expectations flies in the face of some of those positive-psychology studies on overcoming and managing fear. As we've seen, doing well in the face of something scary is often about thinking positive, visualizing positive outcomes, debunking our hard-wired negativity bias and, of course, training hard.
Are You a Sleepwalker? Know Your Risk. When you think of sleepwalking, what comes to mind? Sleepwalking is a very real sleep disorder that affects adults as well as children, with consequences that can range from the embarrassing to the downright dangerous.
Healthy Snacks. Four Olympic contenders share their favorite snacks. Bookmark these recipes and file under \energizing eats\! More from Health.com
Why Falling Off the Wagon Can Benefit You. Living in a state of flow is about finding the perfect balance between challenge and comfort.  It's about being so enamored with your present moment that all sense of ego subsides as a more playful yet focused consciousness overcomes and completes you.
The Untethered Soul. Truth is only complicated because we pass it through our habitual thought patterns. When we step back from ourselves, truth becomes simple. There are not many paths to freedom, there is only one.
Zero Negativity. Hurtful words in a relationship can be like a drop of red dye in a glass of water that turns the whole glass pink. What starts out as a slip of tongue sets a process in motion that slowly (or quickly) permeates a relationship and begins to define its tone.
FEARLESS MEMOIR. When Daddy found out there was no liquor in the camper, he wasn't angry at first. Instead, he acted confused. He turned to Gee and the twins with squinty eyes and furrowed brow and asked, \Did ya'll see any of the whisky bottles I packed?\
Harp Music Stabilizes Blood Pressure, Lessens Pain In ICU Patients. \If a patient's blood pressure was low, which is most of the patients we see here, it increased after the harp music. And
Michelle Rounds Desmoid Tumors. People magazine reported that Rounds had the surgery in June. The couple has decided to postpone their wedding until next
14 Self-Realizations. Try to take a \self-cation\ before the end of the season.  It's a great way to reduce stress and boost energy and it all starts with a little self realization.
6 Secrets Fearless Parents Know (VIDEO). As parents, we are 100 percent responsible for what happens to our children. This awesome responsibility can be terrifying. There is a delicate balance that parents must strike
Leadership and You. We are evolving before our very eyes. I'd like us to consider that -- instead of bewailing the lack of leadership in our culture -- we should treat this phenomenon as we would if we, or someone we loved, lacked a certain skill. Compensate. See the positive.
Amy Acuff, Olympic Jumper, Talks Post-Baby Training. If you could only do one workout for the rest of your life, what would it be? What are your top tips for sleeping well during
The Art of Living. \Living\ can be mundanely defined as your day-to-day existence, or \living\ can become your own personal art. It is the art of living that conjures up a person who accumulates a life of saying yes instead of no. I think of the art of good living as adventure for the masses.
Integrating Yogic, Martial, and Living Arts. Intent Blog's GaiamTV interview series features in-depth conversations with some of the nation's top yoga instructors and wellness experts. This interview features Budokon creator Cameron Shayne.
Keep Your Spark Growing. It is clear that the mind and body are connected in discussion about health and well-being, so why not put this concept in place within the framework of relationships?
Bring Your Summer Vacation Back to Work. By associating these moments with sounds and/or music as well as visuals (like photos), you can feel their magic again, especially when you really need it.
Flat-Tire Freedom. A challenge in respect to today is a big problem. But a challenge in respect to our lifespan is a small problem. And a challenge in respect to eternity is no problem.
I Lost Weight. How I Lost It
Sleep Problems Affect People In Asia And Africa, Too. A new SLEEP study shows that sleep problems like insomnia affect 16.6 percent of adults in Africa and Asia. That rate is
Singles. Ladies, you must never think of yourself as an overstock. Yes, you may look around and it seems that there are so many single women and few single men available. However, you should never lower your standards in hopes of getting married quicker.
Honica Brittman Kidney Transplant Chain. But they decided to be part of a chain when it was proposed by the hospital that Ferguson donate his kidney to a man whose
Confronting Our Fears. Only my child would be afraid of the ice cream truck. I\u2019m not exactly sure when this phenomenon occurred, but during recent
Fit Links. For more on fitness and exercise, click here. Completely hooked on watching the Olympics? Follow along -- and get a little
Moving Toward a Cure While Addressing Care. This historic report was the product of bipartisan legislation, rare in this Congress, which established an advisory council composed of government and private leaders, and which mandated a national strategy on Alzheimer's disease that would be updated annually.
Searching Google For Infant Sleep Safety Information Doesn't Always Yield Accurate Results. The Journal of Pediatrics study included Google searches for infant sleep safety (like how to reduce the risk of SIDS, how
PSA Screening Could Prevent Prostate Cancer Spread, But Would It Save Lives?. Surgery or radiation used in treatment can produce incontinence or impotence. As with any surgery, there is a small risk
Healing America's Health Care System. The Affordable Care Act is the start of a \prevention revolution\ in America. The focus will begin to shift from treating the sick to also keeping the healthy well and detecting disease early when there's the best chance of cost-effective interventions and cures.
Bites From Vampire Bats Might Protect People Against Rabies. \This study is based on a very small amount of scientific data,\ says Craig Hooper, an immunologist at Thomas Jefferson University
Mindful Media. Call me idealistic, but I want to create a world where people communicate respectfully, compassionately and authentically with each other.  And in this realm, technology -- currently -- is not our friend.
Bringing Public Health Home. This is where home- and community-based health care play a vital role, bringing comprehensive care to people where and when they need it, keeping costs down by emphasizing wellness, self-management and continuity of care.
Byron Katie Just Wants You to Be Happy. Although she might never identify it as such, Byron Katie is espousing a form of meta-cognition, a way of thinking about thinking. Are your thoughts a true reflection of the reality around you, or do they come unbidden from your unconscious?
Take Responsibility for Your Life. There's a truth inside each and every one of us. Our first job is to find out what it is. Although it may seem like a daunting task, we have to take responsibility for our lives.
Fear And Grief. My sister Janet told me that I'm stronger than she is in dealing with the loss of our mother. Maybe that's true, but I think it's that I let other people's well-meaning but fear-based comments pass through me, rather than letting them take hold of me.
Do You Really Know How Someone Else Feels?. Everyone tries to express empathy, but many times the best way is through asking questions and listening, rather than saying, \I know how you feel.\
Adult ADHD. There is also something trivializing about it, a sense that ADHD is either not worth addressing or maybe not a valid concern to have as an adult. And yet, people may be selling themselves short by not addressing what is in fact a chronic medical condition.
My Fitness Bucket List. There are a number of fitness activities I know exist that I'd be more than happy to try if I had the gear and the guts. But there are a few I just have to, have to try.
West Nile. The New York Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (DOHMH) reported Monday that the city's first West Nile viral infection of 2012 has been confirmed in a Staten Island man.
Generic Singulair. Shares of Merck were up 0.5 percent in late-afternoon trading, trailing a 1.3 percent advance for the Arca Pharmaceutical
Four Life-Changing Words. I've begun using the most extraordinary and simple phrase. It is giving me great peace and a sense of empowerment. It is simply, \I don't want to.\
How To Burn Calories Like An Olympian. A week into London's 2012 Olympic games, we at Healthy Living are hooked, watching live streams from our desks and re-watching
Less Talk, More Action. I think there is a time and place in a casual setting with people you love and trust to over-discuss and to over-share, and there is a time to listen, to absorb and to be strategic with your responses.
5 Power Ingredients to Fuel Your Workout. Want to give your workout a boost? Five key ingredients can give your body an extra edge when exercising -- or recovering from your workout.
Try Not to Talk in a Mean Voice. Try Again. And Again.. I follow many resolutions meant to keep me from boiling over in this way. I'm doing better (I think). But still, many times each week, I act in this way.
Why Inspirational Posters Are So Popular on Facebook, Pinterest and Instagram. I believe that the sharing of positive, happiness-boosting pictures via social media is not merely a trend for the self-help world. I believe this is a new medium for self-help. Inspirational posters are very much here to stay as a daily tool for happiness.
5 Characteristics That Can Maximize Your Income Potential. What does it take to maximize your income potential at a time when the economy seems uncertain?  What does it take to secure some cushion of comfort that promotes peace of mind?  If you're like many people today, financial concerns top the list of worries.
How To Make Food Your Medicine. Most of us are conditioned to think that taking a pill out of a bottle will make us feel better. We don't generally think that fresh vegetables and fruit count toward healing. But it's true, food is the most powerful drug we have.
How to Blow (and Suck) Your Blues Away... Today!. Do you sometimes feel beaten down by \the blues\?  Here's how to blow them away, quite literally!
Should I Use A Heart Rate Monitor During Workouts?. This well-known formula, however, can vary up to 10 percent, says Greatist Expert John Mandrola, which means your maximum
Olympic Medalist Nick Willis On His Fear Of Failure (VIDEO). In 2008, New Zealand runner Nick Willis won Olympic silver in the 1500m. On August 3, 2012, he will compete in that same
The Super Powerful Mineral You're Not Getting Enough Of. by guest blogger Morley Robbins, wellness coach and magnesium advocate For more from Maria Rodale, go to www.mariasfarmcountrykitchen.com
The True Fear Of Unemployment. I have an undercurrent of anger that runs through me. On most days it isn't detectable to anyone other than myself. Like
Heavy Technology Use Linked to Fatigue, Stress and Depression in Young Adults. What can we, as individuals, do to protect our health from the negative impact of the ubiquitous technology in our society? Quite simply, turn it off, and get some good sleep.
Your Cookies (Probably) Won't Explode!. Taste buds can be rehabilitated.  They are, in fact, very malleable little fellas
Are You an Olympic Hero?. Millions in the world are watching the Olympics. We are rooting for our home teams and rejoice in the heroics of the athletes. How about you? Do we embody Olympic values in our lives?
Mind Over Matter. They succeed because instead of focusing on all the negatives they focus on the positive. They do not think of tumbling off or falling back, they think of winning, glory and happiness, and that is what gets them on to the medal podium.
Yoga for Everyone. They remind me of the importance of slowing down, of really being present in the moment, of kindness. Their joy and cheeky inquisitiveness remind me that childhood is a gift, that we are blessed by the child's wonder and delight.
Is Anger Necessary?. Obviously all emotional reactions can't be eliminated by a mantra -- nor would we want them to be, but my informal experiment from years ago taught me that anger, though it may feel unavoidable at times, just might be avoidable far more often than we think.
Sustainable Happiness -- Lessons From Bhutan. Even in the U.S., where the pursuit of happiness is written into the constitution, there are important lessons to learn. Here are some ideas that can increase your long-term happiness.
Pleasurable Love Education 101. Two people who have been educated to share love like this might find that experience all lovers search for, that love where two become one. Maybe it's time to make love an educational requirement for us all.
The Art of Putting Things Together. In a world where things are constantly falling apart or breaking apart, health often resides in the art of putting things together.
Freedom to Fear. I've been the victim of a violent crime, and it's never once occurred to me in all the years since to wonder how things might have gone differently if I'd had a gun at the time.
Yoga Could Improve Balance In Stroke Survivors. The eight-week study included 47 people (of whom about 75 percent were male veterans). The researchers had some of them participate
The Return of the Dark (K)Night. I offer Sulam Chi, which means Ladder of Life Force Energy, as a simple, gentle, yet powerful tool to help you in your quest for balance and harmony in your life. Even if you have fallen badly and feel trapped in the darkness, you too can rise once again!
Putting the 'I' in Caregiving. Family caregivers need to learn to put the \I\ in caregiving -- and keep it there! As a family caregiver, it's so easy to put your needs on hold.
The Accessibility Problem in Food Politics. In the realm of food politics, stereotypes run rampant
Olympians Who Overcame Health Problems. As if their record-breaking, medal-winning performances weren't inspiring enough, a number of the top Olympians at this summer's
Asthma Is Most Common Chronic Condition Among Olympians. That usage has jumped since the mid-\u201890s. So the International Olympic Committee now requires athletes to provide medical
Medical Technology Donations Often Fail to Help. Finally, innovations often fail in resource-poor areas because there are not enough trained professionals to implement them
Is Your Need for Attention Ruining Everyone Else's Life?. The narcissist is arguably the most noticeable in the impostor family because it doesn't just expect the spotlight -- this impostor demands it.
The Price of Being Strong. The physical strain athletes undergo is well-documented and commonly discussed. Yet what about the mental struggles athletes face, not just at the Olympic level but at all levels?
Training Tips From Olympic Basketball Player Tina Charles. What do you do to ensure you are rested for a big game? Your nerves don't get to you before a big game? This year, she'll
Georgia Gould's Training Playlist. When I am training alone (especially when it's cold out) I find riding with music helps me to stay motivated and positive. I also use this playlist when I am warming up for my races. Enjoy!
Wellness Tips for Teenagers Only. It's so important for teenage girls to feel happy about their bodies and to have high self-esteem. Since it's also bikini season, it's the perfect time to share a few of my practical health tips and facts on wellness for teens.
I Disagree With the Mantra 'Ignore the Killer'. Psychological, social, policy autopsies are our only ways as a society to get a handle on incidents that otherwise threaten to overwhelm us.
Stop Worrying! (VIDEO). Let's face it
The Shamananic Narrative of Tigger's Bounce. With the support of his allies and through the process of them witnessing his journey to reconnect with his bounce, and with
I Lost Weight. There were all too many days while looking at myself in the mirror, I wished I could literally rip the fat from my body. But I believe these feelings -- and most others that might arise -- are totally normal and have to be cleansed like the weight itself.
Get Over Your Fear. In order to defeat your fear, you must make it trivial. You must either make the fear smaller or make your dreams bigger
More Evidence Linking UV Indoor Tanning to Cutaneous Melanoma. Although Boniol's latest research adds to the extensive amount of data linking UV indoor tanning to fatal skin cancers such as melanoma, it is going to take much more than scientific evidence to put an end to the preventable deaths of countless individuals.
Should You Take A Multivitamin?. Although, according to Lichtenstein, the profile of the average multivitamin user is this
The Olympics' Mixed Messaging on Health. Advertising of unhealthy foods using the image of the Olympic Games pairs poor nutrition with an active lifestyle in the eyes of the consumer. For today's youth, this is a misleading message that the international community can ill-afford to convey.
Volunteering Is Good for Our Soul... and Our Blind Spots. The next time we're approached by someone asking for a donation or wanting our help, let's take the time to greet them, listen to them, and consider their request. Whether we end up helping or not, the experience is sure to be good for our soul.
Are Chemicals Making You Sick? The Hidden Health Problem of Chemical Sensitivity. Chemical intolerance should not be ignored or stigmatized. It should be seen as a common physiologic response to living in a chemical world.
Get Over It! (And Other Things That Grievers Cannot Do). Grief is a universal human experience that all of us will encounter eventually.  Understanding what we can and cannot expect will help ease the process as it unfolds.  Loss may change life as we know it, but the unknown is full of possibility.
Technology. Technology is breeding the addiction to distraction into the human species, just as you would breed long ears into a dog breed.  It is breeding out the capacity to be with ourselves or anyone else, and worst of all, to be here, the stuff that true well-being is made of.
Sports Psychologists Extend Counseling To Athletes' Coaches And Families. Always an individual sport Athletes also have people outside of the sport's circle in their daily lives. Friends and family
Louder Than Words. A few weeks ago my Aunt Leona passed away.  Her life is a testament to something I teach in my professional protocol seminars.  Life is about actions.  In both your personal and your professional lives, others make decisions about you based upon your observable behaviors.
Nutritious, Delicious Pet Treats You Can Make in a Flash. Wouldn't it be great to be able to offer delicious, delectable treats to your pet that also provide your dog or cat with species-appropriate nutrition? Say no more!
Olympics-Inspired Workouts. Every wonder how professional athletes keep up their stamina throughout the game? The answer
Smiling Could Help With Stress. Then, the researchers had the study participants continue to have the chopsticks in their mouths as they did a series of
Go Small, Be Happy. It's been seven years since we began this journey and, slowly, we made progress to attain the unattainable. I'm incredibly grateful because simplifying my life has given me the flexibility to make choices I hadn't considered.
Lack Of Sleep Could Decrease The Potency Of Vaccine. One might assume that by getting a vaccine against a certain disease -- say, hepatitis B -- you would be protected from it
From Brain To Mouth. Everyone knows that people put on weight because they eat more calories than they burn. But as the medical community struggles
Caffeine Could Help Improve Movement In Parkinson's Patients. And Reuters reported on a study in 2010 that suggested a specific gene may play a part in this decreased risk for some people
How to Get Shoulders Like Ryan Lochte's. With the Olympics just around the corner, many of us can't wait to witness the triangular, perfectly-defined bodies of swimmers like Michael Phelps and Missy Franklin. But if you don't swim 10,000 meters a day, can you still get Phelps' and Franklin's toned shoulders? Absolutely!
Christine Rampone, Olympic Soccer Player, Training Tips And Secrets. How do you calm your nerves? For more from our \Like An Olympian\ series, click here. Soccer, of course! After a long day
Junk in a Box. What's the truth about foods in a box or other container and how can you, as a consumer, decipher the truth and eat healthfully? Let's look at four popular items that are marketed as healthy, but have limited nutritional value.
Overcoming The Fear Of Making Mistakes. Intuitively, we know that perfectionism is unrealistic and restrictive, a tyrant that steals success. In fact, there are
Curcumin And 8 Other Foods And Factors That May Lower Diabetes Risk. \This study demonstrated that the curcumin intervention in a prediabetes population may be beneficial,\ Thai researchers
A Breakthrough At Last For Spinal Cord Injury Research?. What makes spinal cord injuries as devastating as they are is that everything about them plays out in absolutes
Tips for Helping Loved Ones With Memory Loss Engage in Activities. One area that can easily be overlooked for those with memory loss is socializing through activities.
Staying Active At Work Will Improve Your Health (VIDEO). Many of us spend hours sitting at a desk each day, but this low energy expenditure can lead to back pain, obesity and even
Trichotillomania. Not all doctors agree on the treatment method for trichotillomania, according to the National Institutes of Health. Some
Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease. Classic Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease is not the same thing as variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease -- they are both prion diseases
Fix Your Form. Photos by Damon Dahlen, AOL Be sure to crunch on a ball with the same form you would use for a regular crunch. Avoid curving
Athletic Tape. Compared with the abundance of its use, rigorous scientific research on Kinesio tape is scant. But a handful of research
80s Fitness Icons. For more on fitness and exercise, click here. More from Shape.com
Gluten-Free Diets And Celiac Disease. In addition to finding the disparity between celiac disease patients and gluten-free eaters, they also determined that nearly
Sick Paid Leave Linked With Fewer Workplace Injuries. \Many workers may feel pressured to work while they are sick, out of fear of losing their income,\ study researcher Abay
Hannah Rinehart, Georgia Woman, Undergoes Quadruple Amputation After Contracting Rare Bacterial Infection From Dog. However, it is thought that Rinehart's suppressed immune system -- caused by years of cancer and two bone marrow transplants
Stay Cool and Be Chilled (Even in the Summer). Even though there are situations in which we have no control over what happens and no ability to affect the outcome, is it possible to stay cool in a world that is constantly making demands and creating challenges?
Relationship Conflict. \Isn't withdrawing from conflict just running away?\ you might ask. Yes, it is. But there is a huge difference between withdrawing and disengaging. The difference is about your intention.
Alcohol Reduces Anxiety But Not Fear. Being in Porto, home of that famous mix of brandy and fermented grapes, I thought I would do a short post on the effects of alcohol on fear.
Support Solutions to Going Plant-Based. The benefits of a potluck are many. These get-togethers are a great way to see how others make major life changes work in their own lives. They provide time to reunite with old friends and meet new ones, to be inspired and made hopeful.
Simplify Your Life and Get Rid of Clutter. We should measure our success in life by the good deeds we have done and the people whose lives we have touched instead of measuring it by the goods we possess.
Sleep Talking. While only 5 percent of adults reportedly suffer from full-bown somniloquy, or sleep talking, it seems many of us have muttered
Counting Calories Is Not Enough. Nutrition experts have long known that one of the best ways to achieve and maintain a healthy weight range is to focus on nutritional quality first.
Want to Train Like an Olympian?. I have done some major head-scratching over the years, asking myself why some people achieve their goals and others do not. The answer finally came to me, and it was really quite simple
Please Meditate. It is exquisite to reserve a place exclusively for peace, and peace has a flavor that intensifies when concentrated.  However, it's not necessary to depend on that space to meditate
10 Worst States For Women's Health. More from Health
John Orozco, Men's Gymnastics' Star, On Training Hard And His Diet Makeover. I think the best advice I ever got came from my old coach from Chappaqua. He focused on the fundamental skills in gymnastics
The Feminine Renaissance. In many women, including myself, there is a deep call to explore the feminine within themselves. And for many, it feels like a strong magnetic attraction.  For some, it feels like the whole reason we are here.
Olympian Dana Vollmer Swims Through Heart Risk. \All I was doing was praying the whole time in my head, begging God to please not let anything happen to her \u2026 watching every
I Lost Weight. Check out more of our inspiring weight loss stories below
5 Tips to Boost Your Metabolism at Work. According to a recent study, brief periods of activity appear to boost your metabolism and combat the negative effects of prolonged sitting. Here are five easy ways to incorporate more activity into your workday.
Are Today's Young Women Afraid To Lead? Part 2. I recently posted a blog about the fear of leadership among women of the millennial generation. It received numerous comments -- several from people who voiced the opinion that men are natural-born leaders, whereas women are not. Thus, the topic of discussion became not women's fear of leadership, but women's inability to lead.
Mindfulness Meditation Could Combat Loneliness In Elderly. The study included 40 participants between ages 55 and 85, some of whom participated in the Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction
Yoga. Debbie Cohen started teaching yoga in 1996 and began working with children in schools in 2002. She later went on to found the Core Yoga in Schools Program to serve Boston public schools.
How To Fall In Love With Veggies. By Rebecca Scritchfield for U.S. News Health More from U.S. News Health
Laughter Is The Best Medicine. People have long said that laughter is the best medicine, and we know now of its many positive physiological effects. There is plenty of evidence on why we should laugh, so why don't we?
Home Health Aides. While this survey uncovered far too many \bad apples,\ home health aides like Zena give us a benchmark to strive for as we seek to fill a ballooning and all-important need
How Firstborns and Secondborns Compare. People have long been fascinated with birth order and how it shapes our lives; and recent research indicates that first- and secondborns do indeed see the world differently in ways that impact their motivation and likelihood of career and personal success.
Starting This Week. Given the controversy surrounding the ACA, it's easy to get confused about what exactly President Obama's health reform law means and who it benefits.  What we should not be confused about, however, is the real impact the law is already having, particularly for women and women of color.
How To Lose Weight... Without Leaving Your House. There are many things in life we can't control.  If you have a weight issue, sometimes it may feel like you can't control how much or what you eat.  You may feel like you're at the mercy of the food.  I certainly did.
Crystal Spencer, Michigan Woman With Flesh-Eating Bacteria, Dies At Age 33. The Detroit Free Press reported that Spencer, of Farmington Hills, likely contracted flesh eating bacteria about a month
James Holmes, Colorado Shooting Suspect, Saw Psychiatrist Who Specializes In Schizophrenia. To be clear, there has been no official word yet on why Holmes was seeking Fenton's care, or if he had been diagnosed, or
The Benefits of Being in a Higher Vibration. We all vibrate energetically at a particular frequency.  The lower the frequency, the denser your energy, and the heavier your problems seem.
Interiorizing the World -- Moving Toward Unity Consciousness. Humanity is naturally integrative and does not consciously seek to separate. Unity consciousness is a conscious awareness of this, and of bringing our imaginal worlds into constructive play within our daily lives.
Lessons Learned Through Chronic Illness. Living with uncertainty, I have come to believe that I know things about my body that neither patients nor doctors are taught to value. Here are 10 lessons I've learned while living with chronic illness.
Olympic Diets. Be Realistic A lot of times, when they take up an exercise program, people expect to lose weight and don\u2019t. I\u2019ve known people
Homeopathy for Poison Ivy. I enjoy treating acute problems with homeopathy in the context of my naturopathic medical practice. More commonly I see patients with more chronic ailments, and homeopathy will be only one aspect of our work together.
Soul-Talk. Blaming others for being upset seems about as normal as the sun coming up in the morning. However, if you are willing to look, and to look deeply, you just might find that upset carries with it a blessing, a signpost pointing toward your next life lessons of self-improvement.
Loss. Be sad, mourn and feel the loss.  And then get back to living.  We all need you to.  As Robert Frost once wrote, \The best way out, is always through.\
Overcoming Indecisiveness. Have you ever thought you wanted something, but kept vacillating over it? Here are five ways to overcome indecisiveness and
Confidence. Where does confidence come from? Weigh in below in the comments section!
Pay Back Your Sleep Debt by Taking a Sleep Vacation. According to Dr. William Dement of Stanford University, for most Americans, sleep debt occurs so gradually that people often attribute their fatigue to other things such as stress or illness. The travel industry has taken notice, and the newest emerging trend for 2012 is sleep vacations.
10 Times It's OK To Break Health Rules. By Charlotte Andersen for Shape.com Click through the slideshow below to see when being \bad\ is actually better for your
Inspirational Quotes From Olympians. With the Olympic games right around the corner, who better to turn to than the best athletes in the world to motivate you
What's Red All Over (Sometimes), But Always Good for You?. For the backyard gardener or farmer's market forager, tomato season is one of the true joys of summer. They may not be around for long, but when they are, there is little you can put on your plate that so easily and simply (and healthily) packs so much flavor.
The Secrets Of Work-Life Balance. To hell with balance! Do what you love, really, and include loving yourself. The rest will fall into place. It's all about saying yes to what, and whom, you love, without guilt or fear.
Cheese Consumption Linked With Lower Type 2 Diabetes Risk. The results of the study came from data from eight countries in Europe, which included 340,234 people. The researchers compared
The Success Myth. Deep down, many of us believe that the key ingredient to success is innate ability. But it isn't. It isn't even mostly about innate ability.
5 Steps To Conquer Self-Deprecation. I have something to say, and it's urgent. Disclaimer
Overcoming The Fear Of Rejection. Have you ever suffered through that sick feeling of dread in your stomach? Dread that wells up -- a combination of fullness
FEARLESS MEMOIR. When I was eight, and Momma and I were home alone, she grabbed me out of the house and dragged me to where the woman who worked in Daddy's office as the receptionist lived. Momma told me to stay in the car and not to get out no matter who I saw or what happened.
Easy Tricks to Outsmart Your Appetite. You know that one of the keys to losing weight is eating fewer calories. But it can be hard to know how to cut back without feeling deprived or hungry.
How Emotional Eating Can Save Your Life. While we are wired to love food and derive great pleasure from the act of eating, somehow our love affair with food has become an abusive relationship.
Super Soul Sunday. Over time, the clothes have changed and the haircuts have changed, but the yearning in our hearts has not changed. All of us have experienced a lot in 20 years. But as my mother used to say, \Some things don't change.\
Olympic Appetites. The world's fastest, fittest athletes are competing in the Summer Olympics, but what fuels their power? We talked with some top athletes about how they eat to win.
FEARLESS MEMOIR. Whenever anyone asked, \Who is the best EENT doctor in Spartanburg?\ they were told, \Dr. Stack.\ When they asked, \Who is the second best EENT doctor in Spartanburg?\ they were told, \Dr. Stack drunk.\ That was my daddy.
Yoga's Stress-Busting Effect. University of California, Los Angeles, researchers found that participating in Kirtan Kriya Meditation -- a kind of yoga
Do You Have A Fear Of Joy? (VIDEO). Start saying \yes\ to the joy-filled life you seek and start saying \no\ to the people and situations that deplete you of joy.
Stronger Through the Storm. Whether it's financial, the loss of a loved one, a health issue, or any other hurdle in your path, I find that if you take a step back and change your perception of the situation, you just might bounce back and prevail.
Worried About Vacation Weight Gain? You're Not Alone. 53 percent say they often exercise while they're on the road, with walking being the most popular physical activity. When
Are You Outsourcing Your Happiness?. This belief in the notion that something external is critical to our happiness also serves to reinforce the patterns of our ego, which strengthens itself when we identify with the \little me\ struggling in this constant pursuit against the big old world.
Weston May Change High School Start Time So Teens Can Get More Sleep. Teenagers in Weston may be able to score a little extra shut-eye each morning starting in the 2013-2014\u00a0 school year, depending
Drawing for the Soul. My very favorite time to draw is in the evening.  I like to settle into my comfy chair with a clip board, lots of paper and pencils jammed conveniently in my hair.  The movement of the pencil on the paper is rather hypnotic, and before I know it, hours have gone by.
How The Olympics Messes With Your Sleep (And What To Do About It). \What we're doing is re-synchronizing our circadean rhythms ... You're teaching your brain to be on Greenwich Mean Time, yet
3 Steps to Finding Your Truth. By reaffirming your intentions, you are reaffirming your path and reclaiming your power. In doing so, your word becomes law. Your words become actions. Your actions define who you are and effect change.
Medical Boundaries. There was a time, not that long ago, that a doctor was not a deity surrounded by the impermeable membrane of incomprehensible technology. A doctor was just another member of the community.
Why Skin Bacteria Are Vital To Good Health. By Katherine Harmon (Click here for the original article) And there are, indeed, some scary microbes crawling around out
Early HIV Treatment Could Save Livelihoods, As Well As Lives. The study did not ascertain exactly why some people were less able to work, but the most likely culprits are other infections
Don't Get Stuck in Monotony. Take today as an opportunity to question some of the things you've taken for granted about yourself and the choices you've made. Think critically about the assumptions that you let rule your life. Do they still hold up?
Curating Your Own Life. You can choose to walk away from people that hurt you, that bring you down, that feed off of you; you are allowed to dictate how you want people to play a part in your life, and in what way.
How To Overcome Fear. I know that fear has often felt like a monster that I had to beat into submission before I could do a single new thing. As
Sun Worship. For many millennia, the moon reigned supreme and was worshipped as divine. Although the sun has been venerated to some degree in practically every culture in the world, a highly developed worship of the sun is comparatively rare.
Digitally Disrupting the Cancer Space. In 2009 I founded FCancer, and over the last three years we've noticed a few things were missing in the cancer space. So we decided to build -- build the assets, tools and information that we thought would really contribute to the cancer space.
The Best (And Worst) Fro-Yo Toppings. In this scorching heat, everyone\u2019s looking for just about any way to cool off. Ice cream trucks beckon from every corner
Anderson Cooper. Add Marlo On Facebook
I Lost Weight. Got a success story of your own? Send it to us at success.stories@huffingtonpost.com and you could be featured on the site
Barry Callebaut One Step Closer To Making Health Claim For Chocolate In Europe. Barry Callebaut is the chocolate and cocoa supplier to Nestle and Hershey, Reuters reported. Chocolate is almost officially
Fitness Advice That Doesn't Work. By Elizabeth Shimer Bowers Medically reviewed by Lindsey Marcellin, M.D., M.P.H. You can't walk into a gym these days without
Is Every Trip to the Vet Traumatic for Your Pet? This Service Could Be for You. A growing number of pet owners are turning to mobile veterinarians or \vets on wheels\ to care for furry family members.
The Best And Worst Theme Park Foods. Ride a rollercoaster, win a prize, and... ruin your diet? Here, five unhealthy foods to avoid -- and what to eat instead
Life Is Simple. Just Do It Well and Make It Fun. Life is just a series of processes.  Every process has steps.  And each step has the potential to be better and more fun.
The Four-Letter Word That Will Change Your Life. How does something that is so vital at one point in life suddenly become considered irrelevant at another?
Eat For Happiness. The nation's epidemic levels of obesity and diabetes have received plenty of news coverage, but rates of brain disorders like depression and dementia are also skyrocketing, and the American diet is partly to blame.
What's the Difference Between Religion and Psychosis?. This week, I had the pleasure of interviewing Gotham Chopra about his new show, Holy Facts. Billed as \the show that treads the fine line between scientists, spiritualists, and psychotics,\ I was curious about Gotham's own take on the relationship between the three.
More Neurosurgeons Could Lead To More Lives Saved From Car Accidents. In 2009, there were 30,797 total fatal car crashes, with 33,808 actual deaths from the crashes, according to the U.S. Census
Just Breathe. Yoga Nidra calms me down. Having suffered from anxiety most of my life, I am constantly looking for ways to reduce anxiety that don't involve popping a pill.
Health Care Workers Petition FDA To Change Opioid Labeling. Thirty-seven health care workers signed and submitted a petition to the Food and Drug Administration Wednesday, urging officials
Coping With Uncertainty. Six people I care about are currently living with a cancer diagnosis, including myself. Cancer is only one of the diseases that requires one to move forward without all of the answers. Each person has to find his or her own way. This is mine.
Two Men Are HIV-Free After Undergoing Bone Marrow Transplants. \We expected HIV to vanish from the patients' plasma, but it is surprising that we can't find any traces of HIV in their
Eye Drugs For Vision Loss Among Diabetics And Elderly Approved By FDA Panel. The same FDA committee later concluded that ThromboGenics' injectable drug, known generically as ocriplasmin, helped enough
Vegetarians In The United States. The study is based on data from 1,014 people ages 18 and up who live all around the country. The researchers wrote that \vegetarianism
Mixing Alcohol And Energy Drinks Can Lead To Risky Sex, Study Says. Miller studied 648 participants (47.5 percent female) enrolled in intro-level courses at a large public university. They
Is Stretching Before And After Exercise Necessary?. We are often told that stretching muscles is the best way to avoid aching limbs the following day, or to minimise the risk
For Men, It's More Waist Management Than Weight Management. Time to stop blaming the wife or family, and start eating like a man. That doesn't mean starving yourself, or eating like a bird. It means managing your nutrition, and tackling your stress as well. Here's what men can do to take control of their waists, and their health.
How to Fearlessly Quit Smoking. I often see patients who want to quit smoking. Many of these people fear what life will be like without the cigarettes. \Will I put on weight? Will I sleep at night? If I can't smoke, then how will I handle stress?\
NEAT Exercises For Couch Potatoes. Simply moving more and sitting less can boost your health because of the calorie burning called NEAT, or non-exercise activity
Hypertension. A common misconception is that those with hypertension are excessively nervous or stressed out. In my practice, this is actually one of the most common questions that I am asked by a new patient.
Sleep Could Help People Get Over Fear Of Spiders. The researchers found that the women who managed to get a night's rest after watching the spider videos, before being shown
Dr. JoAnn's Olympic Lessons For Life. What are the key characteristics of well-motivated Olympic athletes? And how do we achieve them? Through my extensive work with numerous Olympians over several years, I have developed a constellation of traits that defines the champion's mentality.
Design for Loving. Everyone, even the calmest and most rational among us, gets trapped in the \maze\ -- the state in which we fixate on the injustices in our lives and obsess about those who mistreat us. There's only one way out of this trap
Rethinking Time. Everyone in life must face and move through time. Feeling how precious life is, we tend to squeeze as much as we can out of the moment.
Rodney Yee Yoga For Athletes. Welcome to \You Tried It,\ a series of video posts from top trainers, who will share clips from their popular workout DVDs
Five Principles That Will Change Your Life. It's never been a more important time to believe in your dreams.  Stand up for what matters to you most,  speak up and be heard. Your dreams matter and will impact the lives of many others, most importantly your own life and destiny.
Public Hearing on Sugary Drink Ban Gets an Overflowing Crowd. Advocates lined up at the public hearing to speak in favor of the ban on supersized beverages, while opponents complained that the ban was unfair and violated public freedom.
Working Harder Is Not Serving You. Recently, I started taking tai chi classes.  I have always been interested in studying a martial art, particularly one of the healing and internal styles such as tai chi.
4 Important Ways To Show Love, Identified by Divorced People.. Do you think that \affective affirmation\ is important to you, in your relationship? What are some ways that you regularly show affection?
How to Handle Your Feelings About the Colorado Shootings (VIDEO). It can be very difficult to deal with the feelings that come up around tragedies. In this vlog, I will guide you to access your inner power in powerless situations.
Big Pharma. Safe collection and disposal policies keep medications out of landfills, groundwater and drinking water, and reduce risks of poisoning, suicide, and antibiotic resistance.
The Hidden Issue That Could Affect Your Relationship. Depression can take a happy, healthy relationship and create a cloud around your ability to enjoy the person you love. But you can stop this cycle before it damages your relationship. Here are simple, manageable tips to help.
What Is Metabolism. A growing number of endocrinologists -- those who study our hormone system -- are beginning to see the hormone response as
What Is the Voice of Fear?. I don't want to quake in fear, nor limit myself from experiences unnecessarily. But I also am no longer willing to endanger myself unnecessarily. The challenge is to know which voice to trust.
Almonds And 10 Other Foods That Can Help You Maintain A Healthy Weight. Snacking \should not be just because I think I should have a snack and then eat anything in sight,\ Gans said. \It should
HuffPost Workouts. Music gets me motivated -- I always listen every time I train because it makes me work out harder.
Does This Aspartame Make My Butt Look Fat?. The safety of aspartame -- the artificial sweetener sold under the brand names Equal and NutraSweet -- has been the subject of many studies over the years. But despite all the hype about controversy, there is no aspartame controversy.
Bad Breath FAQs in the News. At breath clinics across the nation, halitosis professionals like me are constantly fielding questions about oral odor. Take a look at some bad breath FAQs that made the news in the past month.
Abby Wambach. For the most part, our team relishes moments of intense competition and appreciates them, rather than squanders them, which
Becoming Your Real Self. What gives a person's life meaning is unique to every individual. At one point or another, most of us find ourselves asking if we are truly living a life that is meaningful to us. In other words, are we really living the life we are meant to lead?
What Resolution (Successfully Kept) Would Make You Happiest?. Imagine that you've been sprinkled with some fairy dust that allowed you to keep a resolution without any effort at all. What resolution would make the biggest difference to your happiness?
Lightening Up the Seriousness of Self-Care. Amidst the many demands of adulthood, life can sometimes lose its lightness. Even in our positive efforts toward health and wellness, we can become overly serious in our pursuits.
A Life Well-Spent. The more people ultimately know about their options, the more likely they are to choose and make the effort to take advantage of their lives' vast opportunities.
Support. In facing any lifestyle change, taking small steps together can help to change the energy from that of sabotage to support with huge success for all parties involved.
I Lost Weight. Current Weight
While the FDA's Approval of a New Diet Drug Might Be Big News, It's Not Necessarily Good News. The FDA recently approved a prescription diet pill named Qsymia. Note that I refer to this as \big news,\ as opposed to \good news.\ Personally, I don't think anything out of a jar or bottle can ultimately provide what we really need to take off the excess weight.
The Dark Knight of Our Collective Soul. Boys and girls, you and me, all of us, each of us, we have reached a critical moment in our story.  We've come to the part where the would-be hero is faced with a crisis, and we know that means there is both danger and opportunity ahead.
Oral Hygiene Habits of the Interesting. \I remember my dentist telling my mother that I'd better marry a rich man because I'm going to need lots of gold inlays. That really pissed me off. Why did he assume that I would have to marry a rich guy and that I wouldn't make the money myself?\
We All Need a Respite. A relatively new but increasingly-popular program offered by some assisted living communities, respite care allows families to book their loved one for a stay of a few days or even several weeks at a residential care facility.
My Irrational Fear Of 'The Law'. I'm afraid of cops. There, I said it. So where does this unnatural fear come from?
The Country's Sleepiest (And Most Well-Rested) Cities. They say New York is the city that never sleeps, but according to a recent ranking, some cities might be even more sleepless
Britain Becomes First Country To Offer Free Flu Vaccine To All UK Kids. The vaccine, sold under the brand name Fluenz in Europe and FluMist in the United States, is made by AstraZeneca's MedImmune
How Homeowners and Renters Can Detect Bedbugs Before Moving In. There is nothing like your first night in a new house or apartment. That is, of course, after you have unpacked and organized all of your belongings. The question remains though
Alzheimer's Disease Brain Markers Vary With Age. Relationships between inflammation markers and dementia risk in the \oldest old\ appear to differ from those in individuals
Summer Science. When you get hot you sweat \u2014 but it's not enough to just sweat. To cool off, you need that sweat to evaporate. It's evaporation
Googling Your Therapist. You absolutely should know whether your prospective therapist is well-trained and respected in the community. What you don't need is the Internet fishing trip that yields the price of your prospective therapist's home or her marriage announcement.
Akashic Think... World Changing. The Akasha Paradigm tells us that we live in an interconnected, intrinsically non-local world. Everything that happens in one place happens also in another place, and in some sense happens everywhere. This is the meaning of \non-locality.\
When Hope Is Under Attack. Close your eyes.  Listen.  Deep within the shadows, something stirs, breathes, searching for vehicles of expression.  Feel its pulse.  What is it seeking through you?
Respond to Your Aurora Grief and Trauma. Grief and trauma are as real as our emotional and physical responses to it. Be present to the surprising waves and complexity of your responses.  Be tender and compassionate with yourself and others. Become part of the triumph of goodness and hope.
Fearless 'Push Girl' Auti Angel. Really? I\u2019m sorry. It\u2019s okay! That\u2019s what made me who I am today! I wouldn\u2019t be such a fighter today if I didn\u2019t go through
Awe Slows Down Time, Boosts Life Satisfaction. The study included three experiments. In the first, which included 63 students, researchers found that study participants
See Yourself Through Someone Else's Eyes. At times, life catches up with us and \u00a0it becomes easy to forget to find time for moments of self-reflection. But it is important to remember that no human is an island. We can learn a lot about ourselves from the people we surround ourselves with and the relationships we foster.
Pancreatic Cancer. CORRECTION
Whatever You Resist Persists. When we feel pain, emotional or otherwise, we want to resist it. In some ways it feels right to resist what hurts, what scares us, what we don't want. But pain is not the cause of the problem; it's the effect of a deeper problem.
Dengue Vaccine, World's First, Beats Three Virus Strains. Sanofi's vaccine generated an antibody response for all four dengue virus types, but evidence of protection was only demonstrated
'Ask Not for Whom the Bell Tolls; It Tolls for Thee'. Nature if not yet medicine is trying to warn us when we feel the snugness getting dressed in the morning or sense that shortness of breath when we climb stairs that we had better stop weighing ourselves and just start moving.
Lessons to Learn From Olympic Athletes. While you probably aren't competing in the Olympic Games this summer, you can take basic pointers from the athletes who are, in order to function the best that you can and improve your health overall.
Fix Your Form. For more on fitness and exercise, click here. That's why we asked John Romaniello, trainer, author and founder of Roman Fitness
Break Out of the Prison of Your Past. We have all experienced suffering, an integral part of life. This pain is not relegated to prisoners, veterans or any other group of humans.  We can all benefit from relinquishing the pain and anger of our past by showing ourselves compassion.
What a Difference a Decade Makes. For the first time in many years, a new message is on the lips of the people on the frontlines -- together, we will end AIDS.
K-Y Moisturizer Recalled by FDA. This month, J&J (Johnson and Johnson) was asked to recall more than 69,000 units of it's K-Y Liquibeads products after receiving more than 200 complaints from consumers.
What's in It for Me?. Altruism is a lofty aspiration. The do-gooders of the world are widely revered for their pureness of heart, selflessness and generosity. Could it be that they have an ulterior motive? Even if their reward is simply to feel good about themselves?
Why I Meditate. While I'm still earthly in my immediate goals -- refine mind, body and spirit as relates to my physical presence among my fellow humans -- I'm on a far longer path to the truth of it all, which is where meditation is meant ultimately to lead.
The Trajectory of Tragedy. Situations like these bring to the surface what has been bubbling in the depths of our subconscious. We can use this time to see the true stuff we're made of -- and activate the grit of our souls.
Yoga. \There is a huge stigma in the military about men practicing yoga, an even bigger stigma on getting treatment for PTSD.  So you can only imagine how difficult it is to get a guy with PTSD onto a mat!\
Let Go and Find Your Miracle Angle. Despite all that we might have heard about the value of \letting go\ or non-attachment, we have all, at times, found that it's difficult to actually do it. Even when holding on is painful, oftentimes we do it anyway.
Drug Companies Drive the Psychiatric Drugging of Children. The health professions would do far more good stopping the drugging of children than continuing or increasing it.  Ethical professionals need to work toward removing children from psychiatric drugs.
If You Want to Lose Weight But You Aren't -- Why?. You can read every diet book and try every weight-loss drug and every new diet, but if you don't learn to manage your painful feelings in ways that don't cause even more pain, you will not lose weight or keep weight off.
YouTube Vertigo. For a look at a YouTube video demonstrating the Epley maneuver, check out the American Academy of Neurology's video below
6 Reasons Why We Love to Be Wrong. We believe we are right and are, therefore, the wronged one. But are there benefits to being wrong? Can we turn such a situation around so that we can learn more about ourselves? Imagine how boring it would be if we were all always right!
Happy Birthday, Mom and Dad!. As another birth year comes to a close and a new one stands poised to begin, I find myself pondering our cultural ideas about birthdays and the very nature of age.
8 Animals Who Could Beat Summer Olympic Record Holders. By Linda Lombardi for Vetstreet.com The London 2012 Summer Olympic Games start this Friday \u2014 when some of the top athletes
My Take on the French Paradox. As Americans we often refer to the French Paradox with a certain amount of jealousy. We'd die to indulge in more fattening foods, drink more wine, and continue to look and feel good. So why can't we do it if the French can?
'I Knew it!'. Your gut knows how to make good decisions. Yet we often feel safer relying on logic or the opinions of other people, rather than letting our intestines make the call. So how do you learn to trust your instincts?
Why I Love My Standing Desk. For the eight weeks I used that standing desk, I felt like a million bucks. Sure, I got some funny looks from my coworkers, but overall it was an amazing experience.
Depression Linked With Late Night TV, Computer Use. The experimental group was then moved back onto a normal cycle for one, two or four weeks before they were tested. The hamsters
Bill Gates On AIDS. \There is a very good chance it will be a decade plus before we'll have the thing,\ he said. Gates said the trajectory of
Michelle Obama's Olympic Let's Move Campaign. First Lady Michelle Obama will lead the presidential delegation to the 2012 London Olympic games, which begin with the opening
The New BPA Controversy. All of this concern and research on children and kids is fabulous, but interestingly, there is also a lot of research evaluating
Standing Desk Reviews. Earlier today, we discussed the dangers of sitting all day at the office. As we explained, studies have shown that prolonged
Eye Makeup Adds SPF. Eye creams with SPF are standard fare -- the skin around the eyes, after all, is among the most delicate and wrinkle-prone
What About the Human Infrastructure?. Still stigmatized in our culture, mental health care is so tightly controlled by insurers that great numbers of people are denied treatment by corporate gatekeepers who, using the vague but official-sounding term \medical necessity,\ deem it not worthy of payment.
WATCH. The 10-part Becoming Fearless video series is sponsored by Toyota Corolla and will run through August. Hosted by Arianna
Zits? Preventing Acne the Dr. Sara Way. When it comes to breakouts and zits, DO NOT go for the antibiotics and harsh chemicals that can unnaturally thin your skin and make you burn in the sun. A few small tweaks to your food plan can make a world of difference.
The Wizardry Of Fearlessness. When I arrived at Kalani, I was trying desperately to integrate what I'd learned at the monastery into everyday life, and I felt like I was failing. I was stuck between worlds. I needed a bridge, a translator, a medium.
I Lost Weight. I have to thank my brother; he was very encouraging and would often work out with me to keep me motivated. After a while
A Timely Meditation. I used to be the sort of person who was hyperaware of time passing.  As I'd go about my day, I'd be painfully conscious of the seconds and minutes just disappearing into the cloudy ether.  Each inhale and exhale I took signaled a blip that had been utterly and irretrievably lost.
The Struggle to Stay Fit. Don't give up. Don't allow breaks in your routine to become permanent. Don't be frustrated if progress in running faster or lifting heavier weights is slower than when you were 20 years younger.
Living By The Coast Linked With Better Health. Coastal living could actually be better for your health, according to a new study from the United Kingdom. \There is a lot
Olympic Athletes. If you believe we all have the ability, given the right conditions, to have an extraordinary life -- whether it is as an Olympic athlete, scientist or teacher -- what can we learn from Olympic athletes to turn our dreams into reality?
Energy Fair Trade. If tangible fair trade movement is about making sure each party gets a fair share of their payment for the commodity, then energetic fair trade means each party must also get a balanced and fair share of the energies being sent out and received.
The Most Outrageous Fitness Moments In Music Videos. The health and fitness world gets a bad rap when it comes to having fun. Just because we Healthy Living editors opt for brown
Growth Hormone A Top Target Of Olympic Drug Testing. This year's Summer Olympic Games in London, which open on July 27, will likely see more drug testing than ever before, including
Soul-Talk. Don't let anyone judge you for your past, least of all yourself.  You may have made choices, even right up to today, that have led to needless suffering.  All that is in the past if you choose to respond differently today.
Aspiring and Engaging Bodhicitta. A generous act, obviously, is an act of giving something to someone other than oneself. An act of the perfection of generosity is an act of giving something to someone that one knows will advance both the giver and the receiver along the path to true and lasting happiness.
What I Wish I'd Known Before Watching Porn. I wish that 10 years ago someone had educated me on pornography. What it is, what it does and what it reaches in and destroys in the hearts, minds and bodies of men and women.
The Secrets Behind Chronic Pain (VIDEO). We know why we feel acute pain
It's Never Too Late to Get in Shape! Summer Workout Series, Part 1. Over the next couple of months, I am going to guide you through a training program that will not only make your time in the gym more efficient but more productive. This program will primarily be about adding lean muscle mass while decreasing body fat.
Age Is No Excuse, But Soccer Camp Is No Picnic. One summer I made the mistake of mentioning to my wife that I wished I could go to an adult soccer camp.  The next thing I knew, she'd found a goalie camp on the internet in Maine. As a lark, I sent in my application, getting back a congratulatory  \You have been accepted!\
Salma Hayek's Total-Body Workout. Make the move more challenging as you gain strength by lifting one leg at a time behind you, or do jumping jacks with your
Stop Being Afraid of Failure. Imagine a world where nothing could possibly go wrong. Think of all the things that we could accomplish if we were not afraid of failing.
Get Fit With Fido. Does your furry friend like to distract you during home workouts? Let him get in on the action! Grab your pup's favorite
The Fearless Power Of 'Kindsight'. When someone leaves you it's important to release them and know
Is Your Cat the Boss of You?. Both these social arrangements seem to point to the existence of higher-status cats in multi-cat environments. If this is the case, it's conceivable the owner of a \boss cat\ could be -- in the eyes of the cat -- another employee in his organization.
Not All Happiness Is the Same. An interesting aspect of these kinds of happiness is that they seem to be related to people's focus on time. Why does this matter? These researchers find that the kind of happiness you are experiencing affects the types of products you are interested in buying.
Too Much Hype in the Mobile Health App World?. It doesn't seem as if there is too much hype -- just little guidance.  The push to move the mHealth app world forward may be in the power of consumers to clamor for health and wellness apps that are safe, reliable and trustworthy.
The Rise of Non-Perfectionist Veganism, Part I. The next time someone questions your commitment because you took an animal-tested painkiller or mentions that \wildlife died to grow all those soybeans, you know,\ you'll know what they're up to.
'Random' Acts of Violence Are Not So Random. In mental health, we need to be wary of short-term, reactive \fixes\ stimulated by agonizing events that may have emotional appeal but are no substitute for an ongoing resolve to apply proven means of systematically improving care and accountability.
Stem Cells For ALS. In one patient in particular, Rabbi Rafael Shmuelevitz of Jerusalem, significant improvement was seen. Shmuelevitz, who in
20 Ways To Get What You Want Before You Even Want It - Business Insider. 1. Give a kind word when an angry outburst would feel more satisfying. 2. Take time each day to call (3) executives and just
Bapineuzumab. By Ransdell Pierson and Bill Berkrot \While we are disappointed in the results of this first study, the Phase 2 (mid-stage
Sally Ride. As Amanda L. Chan reported at the time of Jobs' passing
Making AIDS History. Of great concern right now is that the remarkable progress toward ending AIDS that has been made over the past decades is being threatened by a decline in resources and the threat of budget cuts to support HIV research and services worldwide.
Sue Monk Kidd On Living Our Own Truth. What does being true to yourself mean? Risk, living outside of others expectations -- let us know how you stay true in the
Healthy Foods That Aren't On Your Plate -- But Should Be. By Appetite For Health for U.S. News Stuck in a food rut? If you're looking to liven up your diet to satisfy both your taste
Volunteering Our Time Makes Us Feel Like We Have More Time. The new study will be published in the journal Psychological Science. Then, after the tasks, the study participants were
Affirmations Decoded. Your subconscious does nothing randomly. No action is taken by chance. Every action is according to the master plan.
Correct Running Form. Success -- to run farther, run faster, and run with less chance of injury, and otherwise savor the joy of running -- asks only for attention, practice, and patience.
5 Ways Your Friends Are Good For Your Health. \You're not what you eat -- you're who you eat with,\ wrote Scientific American's Christie Nicholson, reporting on recent
For Elderly, Poor Sleep Linked With Placement In Nursing Home. The study included 1,664 women with an average age of 83. The researchers gauged their sleep patterns using wrist actigraphy
Stop Doing These 3 Things To Transform Your Life. From a young age, children are conditioned to make their loved ones happy. Society teaches us that when we are \u2018good\u2019 we
Meditation Is Boring. When I sit down to meditate a crazy cacophony of ideas vie for attention, each one more urgent than the last. These ideas are like demons that need to be released into the air or they will undermine my ability to function.
FEARLESS MEMOIR. 'World's Fair' is the raw and witty true story of a dysfunctional Southern family's harrowing motor-home roadtrip from South Carolina to the Montreal World's Fair in 1967 (aka \The Summer of Love\). Told from the point of view of the author -- who was 15 at the time -- this intimate coming-of-age story shines a bright light on the issues of alcoholism, adolescent sexual confusion, family violence and the universal need to love those who hurt us, despite their frailties.
Sports Psychology. Boolani has also found that when athletes listen to music they like, their performance improved, whether they were shooting
Vitamin E Could Protect Against Liver Cancer. Researchers found that the more vitamin E a person consumed -- whether from a supplement, or from foods -- the lower his
The Secret Ingredient to Stubborn Weight Loss. Emotional eating has become ubiquitous in our fast-paced culture, which honors quantity over quality, willpower more than pleasurable nourishment and the dollar more than humanity.
Help Your Overweight Pet Slim Down. Actually, that's the easy part. Because you know, telling someone her dog or cat is fat isn't the easiest thing in the world
Baby-Stepping Your Way to a New Life. Lasting transformations don't happen overnight.  They take time, and they come with plenty of setbacks.  So relax, there's still plenty of time to steer your life in the direction you want it to go.
7 Roadblocks To Ordering Healthy Takeout Online (And How To Solve Them). And that got us thinking to some of the major diet traps we encounter when ordering our food with our fingers. So we rounded
Colorado Movie Theater Shooting Shatters Our Sense Of Safety. Regardless of the effects of media, however, or the explanations that may eventually emerge for the Aurora shooting, there
When Words Mean Other Words. I've been stumbling into the next best word lately. Today it was pouring rain, I pointed at an umbrella and said chair. Something about that felt familiar. I'd done it before.
Police Sleep. \We know that sleep deprivation results in impaired performance both cognitively, physically and emotionally, which can impact
How Keanu Reeves Taught Me One of Life's Most Important Lessons. What if -- truly -- one of the most important things in life is showing up?  How do you show up for yourself and what you need?
Deepak Chopra's Definition Of 'Fearless' (VIDEO). Sign up here See more clips Weekly Newsletter @MarloThomas Deepak Chopra, world-famous expert in the field of mind-body medicine
If the Voice in Your Head Is a Know-it-All.... Finding ways to practice becoming aware of our presumptions and prejudices, even the very small ones, can put us on the road to rediscovering the vitality, the \juice\ of life.
FEARLESS MEMOIR. 'World's Fair' is the raw and witty true story of a dysfunctional Southern family's harrowing motor-home roadtrip from South Carolina to the Montreal World's Fair in 1967 (aka \The Summer of Love\). Told from the point of view of the author -- who was 15 at the time -- this intimate coming-of-age story shines a bright light on the issues of alcoholism, adolescent sexual confusion, family violence and the universal need to love those who hurt us, despite their frailties.
U.S. Agency to Fund National Coordinating Center for Integrative Medicine. Any self-respecting, institution-building director of a federally-backed center with a title as encompassing as the National Coordinating Center for Integrative Medicine would be a fool to let that mantle slip when HRSA's $800,000 is spent down in two years.
If Not AA, Then What? SMART Recovery and the AA Alternatives. The reality is that only a small percentage of those who have addiction problems attend AA. We need to have additional approaches.
Can't Stop, Won't Stop. Let's say you want some extra boost to your willpower, but you're not interested in getting medicated. You know there is a growing interest in vitamins and dietary supplements for all types of benefits.  Shouldn't there be something natural that can help? Perhaps there is.
How To Overcome The Fear Of Marriage. There are things you can do to ensure a healthy relationship, even through differences and difficulties. These are my tried-and-tested tips that have helped countless couples in my practice become fearlessly married.
Melt Away Your Stress in Just Over 10 Minutes. While a certain degree of stress is to be expected, letting it control you just isn't good for you! A really simple way to help you stay balanced and get back to center can be easily experienced through guided relaxation.
I Lost Weight. Name
Compassion. We generally think of stress as a big, bad, disease-causing, killer. Yet mother nature didn't give us the stress response to kill us. She gave us the stress response to help us stay alive!
7 Ways to Transform Negativity. It is not about making negativity go away.  Negative experiences will always be there. But they can be hidden opportunities to heal, self-reflect and transform.
How Much Salt Is In That?. There's no gentle way to say this
Set Fire to Your Metabolism. With all the talk today of fad diets, health scares and conflicting studies, it's nice to know there is a still common sense. Basic knowledge of health issues and diet can be attained by any person and does not go out of style.
Lateral Walking -- Mini Band. Start by wrapping a mini band around your legs placing it just above the knees. Stand with your knees bent slightly and your
How to Keep Moving Forward Despite the Messiness. We humans have a tendency to grow and progress throughout our lives, some perhaps more than others.  I am not the person I was in my teens, my 20s or even my 30s.  I continue to progress just as my autistic daughter and my non-autistic son do.
Alternating Dumbbell Bench Press. Start by lowering the right dumbbell first. Bring the right dumbbell to the side of your chest, and then press it back to
Why Medicine Can't Seem to Fix Simple Mistakes. NYU's Langone Medical Center sent 12-year-old Rory Staunton, now deceased, home in March and then failed to notify his doctor or family of lab results showing he was suffering from a raging infection.
7 Tips for Finding a Quality Eating Disorder Treatment Program. If you want help recovering from your eating disorder, it can be hard to decide which treatment center to go to. Here are some tips that will help you make the best choice.
Supine Glute Bridge. Lie on your back with your arms at your side 45 degrees away from your body and palms facing the ceiling. Bend your knees
What's The Best Way To Build Endurance?. Surefire Stamina -- Your Action Plan To help bump up that endurance a notch, try these tips. With some smart training and
Sleep-Promoting (And Sleep-Stealing) Foods. By Angela Haupt for U.S. News Health More from U.S. News
TRX Triceps Extension. Once your hands get close to your head reverse the motion by contracting your triceps and pressing your hands away from your
Seated DB Hammer Curls. Set a bench to about a 90-degree or vertical incline position, grab a pair of dumbbells, and sit down. Sit back on the bench
Swiss Ball Rollout. Get down on your knees with your toes pointed on the ground in front of a swiss ball. Start by placing your forearms on the
Incline DB Bench Press. Keeping your chest up and shoulders down, press the dumbbells over your shoulders until your arms are fully extended. Set
Reverse Slide Board or ValSlide Lunge. Stand tall in front of a slide board or ValSlides. Place one foot on top of either the slideboard bootie or a ValSlide. Make
Romanian Deadlift With Dumbbells. Reset at the starting position and repeat for given reps. Start by standing tall with your feet about hip width apart, chest
Seated Cable Rows (Elbows Out). Get into the proper posture, with a tall torso, chest up, and shoulders down. Your feet should be planted firmly on the platform
Too Much Water Bigger Threat Than Too Little. Hyperhydration, rather than dehydration, may pose a greater health risk to athletes, according to two articles in a British
FDA Approves Novartis Drug Afinitor For Breast Cancer. Afinitor is already approved to treat patients with certain other types of cancer. The drug is the first in a class known
Playing One Sport Not Enough To Cut Teen Obesity. The researchers found that if a teen played on at least two sports teams, the prevalence of obesity would go down by 26.1
How Do I Let Go?. We have all heard \Let go and let God,\ and the importance of letting go is well-documented by many spiritual leaders and self-help teachers. Yet, there still seems to exist an underlying confusion about what letting go is.
Drop Step Lunge -- Alternating. Once your back foot makes contact with the ground, square your hips, chest, and feet so they are all facing forward. Then
Half-Kneeling Hip Flexor Stretch With Overhead Reach. Feel the stretch in your right hip flexor, pause for a second, and then rock back to the starting position. Put your right
Anderson Cooper's Fear-Busting Tips (VIDEO). Sign up to receive my email newsletter each week - It will keep you up-to-date on upcoming articles, Mondays with Marlo guests
Split Squat -- Dumbbells. Keep your chest tall and back heel off the ground, while lunging slightly forward and dropping your back knee toward the
Colorado Shooting Tear Gas Hospitalizations. Tear gas -- the common name used for any of a number of chemicals, including chloroacetophenone (CN), chlorobenzylidenemalononitrile
Split Squat -- Body Weight Alternative. Initiate the movement by dropping your back knee toward the ground and bending the front leg. Keep your chest tall and torso
Single Arm Dumbbell Row. Initiate the movement by bending your arm and pulling the weight to the side of your torso, keeping that shoulder down and
Surgeon Secrets to Reduce Bruising and Swelling. While bruising and swelling is a normal part of healing, there are methods to limit that bruising and swelling while still supporting healing.
5 Foods This Dietitian Would Never Eat. Moderation, I believe, is the key to optimal nutrition. Giving everything up has never made sense to me, but there are five things that I will never let touch my lips.
A New Way to Accelerate Addiction Recovery. Because EFT accesses the \stress centers\ in your brain on physical and emotional levels simultaneously, EFT may effectively treat conditions like addiction, which often can't be resolved successfully with psychotherapy alone, or with other alternative therapies.
Wealth School. Do you have the presence of unconditional support for your projects and the challenges they bring? Do enjoy the value of a good listener who offers no comment or criticism but who is simply there for you?
Fight The Fearmongers!. While we should certainly be there as a shoulder to lean on for our friends and family in need, when there are people who only bring negativity into our lives, it's time to start reconsidering why they're in our lives at all.
The Spiritual Adventurer's Guide to Prayer. We pray to have our hearts opened and our purpose revealed. We pray for gratitude when our life is good and for faith when it is not so good. We pray to trust that our pain is a gift with \a very, very specific purpose.\
A Veteran With PTSD Gets Help From Homeopathy. When combined with proper medical management, emotional support, and spiritual counseling, a well-chosen homeopathic medicine that resonates with the energetic imprint of an individual's symptom pattern can relieve a great deal of the suffering associated with PTSD.
Narcolepsy Remains Misunderstood and Underdiagnosed. It is not normal to constantly feel sleepy or have involuntary sleep attacks after a good night's rest. While some physicians have difficulty diagnosing narcolepsy, there are many institutions around the country that are capable of providing proper testing and treatment.
Reversing Regrets. Keep in mind that good decision making is acknowledging a mistake, learning from it, and making life better in the future. Don't spend your life reviewing past mistakes while the world goes by.
After-the-Fact Mindfulness. I saw how I can get so caught up in the apparent urgency of the moment when I so don't want to. I understood that not getting caught up in the apparent urgency of the moment is the universal \work in progress\ for humankind.
3 Ways to Keep the Fearless (Love) Flame Burning. Expecting to magically know how to create a healthy, loving, functional, committed relationship if your parents had an unhealthy, dysfunctional one is like expecting to suddenly become fluent in Chinese simply because you really want to be.
The Freesome Threesome. I don't let stress taunt me. In fact, I fight back whenever it rears its head. And I do this by relying on what I call my \Freesome Threesome\ -- a liberating trio of surefire rituals that relieves the pressure, brings me a sense of equilibrium and recharges me for the next onslaught.
Stop Living in the Past and the Future. Being conscious of needing to be in the moment is the key to mindful living.\u00a0When you find yourself thinking about the future or past, stop and take a few deep breaths to help you re-center yourself in the moment.
A Lesson in Affection. We are all born worthy. Somewhere along the way, depending on our circumstances, some of us learn to believe otherwise. What better time than now to realize (see with our real eyes) that we are worthy of our fondest dreams and better?
The Hidden Dangers of Drinking Water. These countless microorganisms and toxins in tap water can contribute to allergy symptoms and disease. Removing these chemicals from your drinking water will significantly reduce your internal toxic load and may improve your body's natural ability to deal with allergy symptoms.
Are You a Warrior of the Heart?. When I say \warrior of the heart,\ I am not referring to one who fights great public battles, and certainly not one who is driven by his ego to dominate, to win.  Rather, a warrior of the heart is one who stands clearly and powerfully for that which his heart and soul hold dear.
Enthusiasm. Enthusiasm is beyond the emotions where every cell of your being is in alignment with what you are doing, you are filled with joy, and synchronicity is familiar territory in your life.
The 7 Habits and Me. Covey taught me that to be myself and to do what moved me was to live life as it should be lived. And he showed me that to truly appreciate what we have it's important to do it with transparency, kindness and generosity.
Do You Have Evolutionary Eyes?. With evolutionary eyes, once and for all -- we can see what we can be
From Confined Spaces to Urgent Emails. For anxiety sufferers, elements of everyday life can trigger a panic attack. Sometimes it can come on without warning, and other times you know that an upcoming situation or activity will absolutely hit your panic button.
Workers With Asperger's Syndrome Enter Workforce With Challenges, Unique Gifts. \...It can be difficult to deal with someone who has Asperger's. But when there is deficit, there's also often genius,\ says
Macular Degeneration. Macular degeneration causes visual distortion and even complete loss of sight. When the wife of chemistry Nobel laureate
The Clutter That Comes With Chemo. Chemo Clutter has many different descriptors
Saved by My Insulin Cap. I happen to have a cap with a digital timer that shows how many hours it's been since I took my last shot. It stared back at me with a \32:08.\ I was stunned. I had never seen a number like that before.
Are Today's Young Women Afraid To Lead?. Why even try to be a fearless leader if you're afraid of what people will be saying about you behind your back? Instead of empowering this generation of women, we've frightened them into inaction. This does not bode well for our society.
Nestle Invests In Alzheimer's Medical Food. ZURICH, July 19 (Reuters) - Nestle has bought a stake in U.S. firm Accera to support the rollout of a medical food brand
How Weight Loss Can Improve Sex -- How Sex Can Interfere. If better health were not a good enough reason to lose weight, here is a one that is
7 Ways to Experience Peace... Right Now!. As our world continues to speed up and get more complex, being able to access inner calm -- particularly in the midst of crisis -- is a critical skill.
Personalized Biological Testing in Psychiatry. Personalized psychiatric diagnosis has great promise and may be one of the few ways out of the current impasse -- the constant flow of group mean studies giving non-replicated or barely-significant differences.
Natural Highs. Although we have developed effective technologies to track the epidemiology of alcoholism, nicotine addiction, and other hedonic dependencies, strategies for their prevention and treatment remain sorely inept. We need new ways of managing pleasure that go beyond AA.
Making Friends With Fear. When we stop rejecting and hating fear, we disarm it and remove its power. As a result, fear stops being frightening and disruptive. What we reject becomes fiercer and scarier; what we welcome eases and lightens.
Why When Trying To Fool Others About Our Eating Habits, We're Really Just Fooling Ourselves. These days when I think back to some of the misadventures that I had when I was over 250 pounds overweight, I often chuckle to myself -- while also admiring my stamina for not only getting through that time in my life, but also conquering it.
How to Tell if It's Real Love. We all have a wounded self -- our ego -- that we developed as we were growing up, to protect us from pain. Our wounded self becomes activated when we get scared -- scared of rejection, of engulfment, of being hurt.
Why Do Smart People Get Played?. When a scam or disappointment occurs on something big, it painfully reminds us that blindly handing over responsibility for our own welfare to anyone is a dangerous and sometimes costly error of judgment.
Erin Joy's GPS For The Soul. I am exactly where I need to be at all times. My soul is on a learning line, and who am I to try to figure out why it is where it is right now? My job is not to attempt to answer that question but to remain present in the place I am.
HuffPost Workouts. For me, music makes my smile brighter during my workouts. It adds that extra something that motivates me to go further or work harder!
Binge Eating and Its Impact on the Workplace. Bedrosian's study found that in a company of 1,000 employees, the estimated annual productivity loss due to binge eating is $107,965.  Besides the financial loss to a company, why is it important to study the impact of binge eating on work productivity?
Firing Up Your Creative Spirit to Soar. What I have discovered is that clues abound in times of  darkness.  Ours is to pay attention, if we are wise, paying attention day and night.
Genetically-Modified Babies -- The Answer to Infertility or Cause for Concern?. According to reports, after some trial and error in the laboratory, 30 healthy and successfully genetically-engineered (GE) babies have been born in the United States.
I Lost Weight. For more on weight loss, click here. Got a success story of your own? Send it to us at success.stories@huffingtonpost.com
Have You Treasured Your Life Today?. Those near and dear to us will feel our absence, and we trust that after we're gone, we will remain in their hearts just as those who have passed on from our lives remain in our own.  And so it goes on this human journey.
Two Chemical Systems Help Keep Muscles Paralyzed During REM Sleep. For more on some strange, but true, sleep conditions, click through the slideshow
Want a Great Meal? Try One of These 3 Combinations for 'Perfection'. I love the fact that M.F.K. Fisher, author of The Art of Eating, sings the praises of eating alone on a couch. Am I the only one who loves that kind of meal? I like eating alone on a hill side, too, but that's a bit harder to pull off.
Why Am I Hungry After A Big Meal?. \The day after a big meal, I go to bed feeling stuffed and wake up hungrier than ever. Why is that? Is my stomach actually
Losing a Parent... and How Empty Spiritual Teachings Make It Worse. People don't get cancer because God wants to teach them a lesson. Children don't starve to death to learn about universal love. Life includes suffering, simple as that. Feel it, endure it, and hopefully -- when you finally stop trying to make sense of it -- it will pass.
Olympic Inspiration in the Clinic. Like any athlete, I put effort into getting into the zone with patients and creating easy access to that place. For me, it stems from being able to quiet my mind, especially in the exam room setting, regardless of the history that is unfolding.
10 (Science-Based) Reasons Why Compassion Is Hot. The same circumstances can be experienced very differently depending on our attitudes and behavior. Scientific data suggests that compassion is the intelligent way.
Smoothie Recipes. By Melinda Johnson for U.S. News Health Behold, the smoothie
No Matter When it Happens, Loss of a Pregnancy Can Be Devastating. This was a major turning point in my life.  It didn't make sense to me, and it did not seem right.  It is one of the reasons I gave up my former career path, went back to school, and became an infertility counsellor.
Does Thinking Really Hard Burn More Calories?. Energy travels to the brain via blood vessels in the form of glucose, which is transported across the blood-brain barrier
Tevita Alatini, Texas 7-Year-Old, Dies Of Bacterial Infection While On Vacation In California. WFAA reported that Alatini died after being airlifted to a different San Diego hospital on July 10. Infectious disease expert
'Call Me Maybe' Forever. But then I thought, even if \Call Me Maybe\ was my favorite song ever, and even if I believed that I would never tire of it, there would eventually come a point where I could no longer tolerate it. Then I started thinking about death.
Provigil. However, doctors told ABC News that it is not known if the drug is safe for use long-term, as there has not been any research
HIV/AIDS By The Numbers. - Less than 100 children in the region became infected with HIV in 2011. * There were 4.2 million people living with HIV
Mark Ellis Locked-In Syndrome. But after undergoing speech therapy and physiotherapy -- and with encouragement from his therapist to try to copy his daughter
Want to Lose Fat? Count Your Hormones, Not Your Calories. Weight loss and fat loss are not the same thing.  You can be burning calories and losing weight, but those calories and that weight may or may not be fat. In fact, the one-size-fits-all weight loss model of \eat less and exercise more\ can result in muscle being lost as readily as fat.
How I Beat Ovarian Cancer. Be an advocate for yourself and stop making other people the expert on your own life. I do think doctors know a lot, and they're in their profession to do good and to help. However, no one knows you more than you!
Flight Status. I travel fairly often and find myself reflecting on different aspects of life against the backdrop of airports, taxis, and baggage carousels. This poem came while traveling to Chicago. I wrote it for a friend who was in the middle of a life crisis
How Will Health Care Reform Affect Americans Traveling for Care?. Just how will health care reform affect those seeking treatment here at home, the more than 6 million Americans currently living abroad, and the nearly 1 million patients in the U.S. who will seek medical care outside of its borders next year?
Soothe Your Broken Heart. Use the power of upbeat songs you associate with positive memories, preferably from your more distant past when you felt safe, on top of your game, and happy. Avoid songs that even remotely pull you into the emotions of your breakup.
To Fight Addiction, Feed Your Brain. In my work with patients, I have seen how the 12-step approach can be very effective. But I have also seen that without dietary change an individual attempting abstinence and recovery is needlessly more vulnerable to relapse.
10 Healthier Beers (And How To Choose The Right One). Note
WATCH. In this video, I talk about why asking the question \What's my calling?\ leaves so many of us feeling stressed and unfulfilled -- and why it's really the wrong question to be asking.
Launching the Personal Environmental Movement. Core to the Personal Environmental Movement is self-respect. It is time to love ourselves enough to eliminate the obvious poisons from of our own lives.
War of the Roses -- (Sadly) Coming to a Relationship Near You. When a narcissistic man and a borderline woman get together, the excitement, ecstasy and passion at the beginning of a relationship are only exceeded by the vitriolic, venomous, repulsion at the end.
Purpose Is a Journey, Not a Destination. I am a huge proponent of figuring out one's purpose and living it fully. The part I have a problem with is the misconceptions people have about finding it and what they think it should be.
There's Poop in Our Chicken Meat!. I've known for a long time that chicken can be toxic, but an April article in the New York Times showed that almost half of the chicken in grocery stores is contaminated by E coli, which researchers say is an indicator of fecal contamination.
An Ironic Route to Relaxation. We always seem to be rushing. Rushing to the office, the store, the train, the post office, the restaurant, the gym, even yoga class... those pockets of time when we're not in an active state of rush seem to be fewer and far between.
Our 6th 'Most Fearless Tweet' Finalist! (PHOTOS). On May 3, HuffPost Becoming Fearless and Toyota Corolla teamed up to announce Toyota Corolla's Most Fearless Tweet Contest
Fix Your Form. For more on fitness and exercise, click here. That's why we asked John Romaniello, trainer, author and founder of Roman Fitness
How to Become One of Those People Who Loves to Run. Wouldn't it be awesome to be one of those people who truly enjoys going out for a run? Recently, I closely observed this enviable species -- and in the process, uncovered a kinship between acupuncture and running.
SLIDESHOW. Yes, I loved junior sleuth \Encyclopedia\ (aka Leroy) Brown. He was so smart, so curious, and seemed to be so free of self-doubt. But to me, his sidekick, Sally Kimball, was much more badass. Of course, no one used the word \badass\ to describe a girl back then. So let's use the word \fearless.\
U.S. News Releases Best Hospitals Ranking. To make the Honor Roll, a hospital had to earn at least one point in each of six specialties. A hospital earned two points
How To Use Fear To Your Advantage (VIDEO). Most of us have been programmed in exactly the wrong way to deal with fear -- and find ourselves completely debilitated when it strikes.
Affordable Care, Death Panels, and Personal Freedom. The Supreme Court's decision to uphold the Affordable Care Act (ACA) still leaves some big issues unresolved. One of the most significant is care at the end of life.
Weight Loss. We need to help ourselves. We need to start loving ourselves. We need to stop tying our self-worth to our body issues. We are not just a number; we are people who are more than just our weight.
Too Much, Too Little Sleep Linked With Alzheimer's Risk. \Our findings support the notion that extreme sleep durations and changes in sleep duration over time may contribute to cognitive
10 Hidden Reasons for U.S. Obesity, Part One. Eating too much and exercising too little, considered the root of obesity, are not the only probable culprits. Here are some other factors that are often overlooked.
Does the Ratio of Omega-3 to Omega-6 Matter?. Do we know everything there is to know about how omega-6 fats affect our health? Of course not. But is the notion of an optimal ratio of omega-6 to omega-3 a myth with absolutely no data to support it? Hardly.
ORAC no more!. I'm personally sorry to see the ORAC values go. But their blatant misuse and misrepresentation by commercial interests intent on selling a bunch of products won't be missed at all.
Cruciferous Vegetables Improve Survival in Women With Breast Cancer. At the recent American Association for Cancer Research annual meeting, new evidence highlighted the importance of cruciferous vegetables for breast cancer protection.
Festival Celebrates Travel, Yoga, Music and Mountains. For me, Wanderlust Festival was a perfect excuse to get out of town, get back on my mat, and spend a few days high in the Rocky Mountains.
NK-Lysin, Antibacterial Substance In Chicken, Could Fight Cancer. Womack worked with Seoul National University in Korea scientists to look at the kinds of NK-lysin present in chickens, and
Stop Letting Other People's Negativity Affect Your Mood. We cannot change other people, they will do what they want and act how they want. The only thing we can change is our reaction to them. Ignore their negativity, reply to them with a smile and show them that they have no power over you.
Olympic Workout. Newsflash
Invisible Roots. Now we have to let go of another part of our history; however, we will always have the roots, my siblings and me, even if they aren't visible.
The Science of Choosing Compassion. Think about compassion like a radio dial. We can tune our compassion up or down, but where the dial lands will depend on our concerns about being overwhelmed and on how well we can control our emotions.
4 Bad Bedtime Habits That Affect Sleep. Wondering why you just can't get a good night's sleep? What you're doing before bed may be the culprit. Read more on fitsugar.com
A Roadmap to Fulfillment. We're fortunate to live in a world that makes progress and doesn't usually allow things to be the way they were. Thus, there is more opportunity, equality and encouragement for everyone to follow their dreams and passions. But then what?
Support. Remember, stress threatens your health and anything that threatens your health, threatens to sabotage your life. Don't allow it! Instead, take charge of your life and your choices and make the changes necessary to improve your lifestyle.
Where Are You on the Global Fat Scale?. Since my specialty is eating disorders and weight control, as an American, I know I am living in the \belly of the beast
Sleep Problems. Nearly 90 percent of people surveyed said when it comes to picking products for their bedrooms, they looked for items that
6 Ways to Find Inner Peace No Matter What. My current circumstances have challenged me to be very intentional about how I focus my attention.  Below are six specific attention practices that create a peacefulness through my days, regardless of my circumstances.
The Use of Acupuncture in Addiction Treatment Programs. Acupuncture provides a foundation for recovery and psycho-social rehabilitation.  It is a supportive component of a substance abuse treatment as well as in enabling job readiness.
Carbs and Weight Gain. There's been a lot of buzz recently about a new study that punched a few new holes in the already-tattered notion that weight gain and loss is simply a matter of \calories in vs. calories out.\
Health, By The Seat Of Our Pants. If just standing more and sitting less can add years to life and life to years, then we owe a lot of ill health to the seats of our pants. The solution is for us each to incorporate strategies into our daily routines that allow us to get up and move about -- at least a little, at least intermittently.
Aqua Zumba. \We sing and laugh because it is such a freeing feeling to be moving in the water,\ she said. \I feel like I'm in a club
10 Things I Always Knew Were Good for Me*. *And now the research has proved it. Growing up as I did around the world's leading health experts, it's hard not to get
Good Fats vs. Bad Fats -- The Facts. Dietary fat is a hot topic full of conflicting information and controversy. Here is a brief breakdown of the most important facts you need to know.
'My Terror Lurks Someplace Deep'. THE SHALLOW end of the pool at Green Lake Community Center is only three feet deep, but I'm up to my nose in fear. For as
I'd Rather Punch Myself In The Neck Than Meet Her Parents!. I've learned that the fear that a girlfriend's parents won't like you can be squashed by being charming and giving a great first impression, basically pretending that you're a game-show host. Behind door number one is a nice, responsible young man who will pay for dinner, use \protection\ and help you move... into a nursing home in five years.
Becoming [Fashionably] Fearless. I dress for one person and one person only
When You Move, You Breathe. Just Like That!. Our breath is the catalyst for all the systems of the body. So why don't we pay close attention to the most vital action in our lives?
Addiction. For those scores of millions of Americans and hundreds of millions of individuals world-wide who suffer the consequences of unchecked compulsive behaviors, there is hope; there are alternatives.
CPR. For more on Duncan's condition, click over to TMZ. CPR, which stands for cardiopulmonary resuscitation, is used to save a
I Lost Weight. Name
10 Secrets Your Pets Won't Tell You About Their Health. By Dr. Patty Khuly for Vetstreet You, too, can learn to read certain signs of potential problems, and then take your pet
Veterans' Health. Countless veterans have suffered for decades with PTSD, pain and addiction, afraid to ask for help. Whether they served in Vietnam, Desert Storm or Iraq, these veterans need compassion and comprehensive treatment for these serious wounds.
Silk Protein Helps Vaccines Withstand Tropical Temperatures Sans Refrigeration. Vaccines are desperately needed in the developing world. Even when they're available and inexpensive, there's still a major
National Ice Cream Day. Today, the average American eats about 23 pounds of ice cream every year, according to Cynthia Sass, R.D., in the video above
Walking Changes May Predict Alzheimer's. Gait Changes May Indicate Alzheimer's How to Protect Against Alzheimer's Disease Walking slower? In older people, it could
3 Tips For Overcoming Impatience. We all experience that cumbersome feeling of impatience. Patience is not necessarily remaining calm during frustrating moments
Get Over Your Fear Of Making Decisions! (VIDEO). If we don't move through the fear of making decisions, we don't move, period. The ironic thing is that if you refuse to make a decision, you've made a decision -- to either stay stuck or to put your fate in someone else's hands.
How to (Finally) Quit Your Job. As you wait for the elevator to arrive after another mediocre day at the office, you give yourself an all-too-familiar pep talk. \I'm better than this, and I've completely had it with this job,\ you tell yourself. \I'm outta here for good.\
Chia. Most people hear the word chia and have flashbacks of cheesy '90s infomercials and bad Christmas gifts. Yes, chia can be used in lieu of a pet, but there is so much more that you can do with this spectacular seed!
Police Officers May Face Added Health Risks. Researchers found that 40 percent of police officers were obese in the study -- higher than the 32 percent estimated to be
12 Ways To Get Your Daily Vitamin D. By Ella Quittner Vitamin D is essential for bone health. Recent research suggests it may have other benefits, too, such as
11 Fearless Questions To Ask BEFORE You Look For Love. Unresolved feelings and injuries from childhood impact our romantic pattern of behavior. We either act or talk them out, especially in romantic relationships. If your parents fought frequently or there was violence, you learned that love is painful.
The Fearless Magic Of 'Hyper Flow'. \Hyper flow\ is a mental and physical state in which we tap into our fight-or-flight system to harness its powerful hormones for increased focus, strength and production.
Reward Yourself and Volunteer!. The most stress-relieving and rewarding parts of my week occur when I volunteer at local hospitals.  These times allow me to get out of my own head, to put my own problems aside, and to be mindful of the present moment.
25 Ways To Move More This Weekend. By now you've heard plenty about how bad sitting is for our health. And a recent study has shed even more light on why we
5 Reasons To Laugh More. When was the last time you had a good, spontaneous deep-bellied laugh? Do you laugh when you\u2019re feeling happy, and do feel
CPAP Is Good for Sex. A recent study brings most welcome and important news for men with obstructive sleep apnea -- and their partners. Keeping up with your CPAP routine can help to improve your sex life and your relationship, as well as your sleep.
Forgiveness and Time Heal All Wounds. In this video, I talk about the importance of forgiving difficult relationships. I share a personal anecdote of how forgiveness released me from a past resentment and cleared space for a beautiful new relationship.
Safety Tips For Summer Workouts. By Tina Haupert It's important to focus on safety when it comes to exercising outdoors, especially with regard to the heat
Fearless Forgiveness. Forgiveness must come. It is the only way to heal yourself from the pain of betrayal. Eventually, you must forgive. Not only the perpetrator, but yourself.
Putting Compassion to Work. My task was to teach them how to become more compassionate using an accessible program of exercises. First, however, I had to convince them that it was worth their precious time to learn how to stop, settle the mind, and open the heart.
7 Signs You Are Ready For Change. We only need to look to nature to see that change is a natural part of life. If you have a feeling that you want to change
Healthy Weekend Activities. So you've spent the week sitting at your desk, avoiding the office gossip, eating lunch from the restaurant around the corner
New York Times 'Vows' Columnist Devan Sipher. In this uplifting AOL video, New York Times 'Vows' columnist Devan Sipher reveals some of the wisdom he's attained from talking
Become Fearless About Your Body. We all come in a different and unique packages. Accepting what you have is a key component to a healthy body image. Take time to focus on the good stuff and celebrate what you love about your body.
FEARLESS MEMOIR. 'World's Fair' is the raw and witty true story of a dysfunctional Southern family's harrowing motor-home roadtrip from South Carolina to the Montreal World's Fair in 1967 (aka \The Summer of Love\). Told from the point of view of the author -- who was 15 at the time -- this intimate coming-of-age story shines a bright light on the issues of alcoholism, adolescent sexual confusion, family violence and the universal need to love those who hurt us, despite their frailties.
Meditation, Exercise Could Protect You From The Flu. The study, published in the journal Annals of Family Medicine, included 149 people, most of whom were women, with an average
8 Super-Healthy Summer Foods You Should Be Eating. Many of summer's fruits and vegetables are brimming with secret health benefits. Here are some of my favorites, and reasons why they're particularly good choices in the summer
Meditation. Through meditation, one trains to take care of their own personal peace while moving beyond an established belief system -- in order to embrace a wider perspective.
Cortisol Switcharoo (Part 2). I've written before about the  \cortisol switch.\ Now, let's talk about how cortisol, the main stress hormone produced by your adrenal glands in your mid-back, brings you down and ramps up your risk of serious disease -- and more importantly, what you can do about it.
Guide to Finding Your Intention. We often hear calls and initiatives for self-growth, but what I have come to realize is that we cannot truly understand what self-growth means until we understand separately what self means and what growth means.
Julia Pott's GPS Guide. As an animation director, my job requires a lot of sitting alone in my studio, often in my pajamas, drawing the same thing for hours on end. If you do this every day for three months, you can start to go a bit mad -- especially if the workload doesn't allow for much down time.
From a Crack House to a Safe House. Ryan Mack visits Walnut Way Conservative Corporation The Walnut Way Center was in the middle of an urban community in Milwaukee
The Healing Power of Glorious Sadness. he depth of emotions can be so overwhelming that I found I often had tried to avoid the grief that has been building within my mind, body, and soul.  I also instinctively knew that I needed to feel the pain to release it.
How to Start the Next Chapter of Your Life. Forgiveness is the only key to letting go. Forgive yourself for mistakes you made in the past because nothing will change what has already happened, the only thing you control is what you do in the future.
Age Of Anxiety. For instance, it is normal to be anxious over a sick child, a loved one's illness, unemployment or other setbacks in life
Do Corporations Kill the Human Spirit?. Being in a safe environment, feeling free in who you are, and working in a healthy space is paramount to being a successful, creative and innovative.  It starts with strong and soulful leadership.
Mercury Retrograde. This three-part article series discusses the cosmic \trickster,\ known as Mercury retrograde. In this article, we'll discuss the problems that you will likely experience when the planet Mercury goes retrograde from July 14 to August 8.
First, Health Care Excellence. Having a higher thought model, an ideal of excellence in all aspects of health care, is the first step toward improving today's health care system and our own health practices.
In Praise of Room Service. by guest blogger Maya Rodale, writer of historical tales of true love and adventure For more from Maria Rodale, visit www.mariasfarmcountrykitchen.com
10 Reasons Why We Need Vitamin N. Families -- and whole communities -- can become happier, healthier and smarter through more contact with the natural world.
Another Friday the 13th. It's time to reclaim the original meaning of Friday the 13. Let's reject the fear factor and find luck and abundance, safety and pleasure wherever we look.
Pet Health. As our dogs and cats have migrated from the barnyard to the backyard to the kitchen to the bed, we veterinarians have noticed
New England Journal of Medicine Surprise. It turns out that making one particular drug harder to abuse does not suddenly cause a drug-free life for people addicted to OxyContin. If only it were that simple, but it's not.
National French Fry Day. In case you haven't heard, July 13 is National French Fry Day! Twenty years ago, a serving of French fries clocked in around
Transcendental Meditation. If the transcendental meditation program was provided to consistent high-cost people, then it would be possible to leverage great reductions in health care expenditures and thus help save Medicare and Medicaid without the government's cutting benefits, raising taxes, or borrowing money.
Mindful Eating vs. Obesity. You fold a tiny raisin into your hand, perhaps thinking about the journey it made to reach you, farmers planting seeds, nature providing water.  You squeeze the creases of the aged, dried grape, maybe feeling the wrinkles as the hands that picked the ripened fruit had done.
Fight The 'I'm Not Good Enough' Fear (VIDEO). When you're entering the unknown in any area of your life, it often triggers an avalanche of self-doubt. Your mind may say you're too old, too young, not experienced enough, not intelligent enough, or not sophisticated enough to make it.
Mindfulness Meditation. Monk-turned-circus performer Andy Puddicombe talks about how to use your own mind to break through stress and mental roadblocks
Propecia, Baldness Drug, Linked With Sexual Problems Even After Men Stop Taking It. The other medicine for baldness is Rogaine, which is actually applied to the scalp to slow down baldness. But just like Propecia
Support. Family support is like having a big, soft blanket to fall into -- that necessary constant in the midst of all the chaos and that comfortable landing spot, just when we need it.
Moderate Alcohol Consumption May Lower Rheumatoid Arthritis Risk. Generally, moderate alcohol consumption is defined as having no more than two drinks per day for men, and no more than one
Trying to Reach a Goal?  You're Doing It Wrong. When it comes to reaching your goals and avoiding temptation, you need to plan how you will replace bad habits with good ones, rather than focusing only on the bad habits themselves.
Fit Links. No more excuses! Well + Good shares the details on why spinning isn't going to give you bulky legs. There are hundreds of
Weird Food Allergies. About 90 percent of reported food allergies are reactions to the same eight foods, according to the Food Allergy & Anaphylaxis
Meniscus Tear. Torn menisci are a common form of knee injury for athletes (especially of contact sports) and regular people alike. Each
Weight Loss Secrets. What the researchers found was that, when it comes to weight reduction, it doesn't matter how you do it -- you just need
Musical Instruments. Classical music can be used to embrace stress and release it through breathing to achieve an in-the-present-moment frame of mind and reconnect positively and creatively with reality.
TDM-1 Mania. It is so very unconscionable to falsely inspire the hopes of average humans like my father, my family, his friends, and my breast cancer community.
Do You Listen to Your Intuition?. To help you determine how much you listen to your inner voice, I've created the following quiz from my book. Choose the score that most corresponds to how often or seldom you listen to your intuition.
'Toe-Besity'. Dr. Oliver Zong, director of NYC FootCare, told ABC News that a growing number of people are beginning to turn their attention
Shape Up Your Life!. Whether you're trying to maintain your fitness, lose weight or gain muscle, here are a few misconceptions to be aware of and suggestions for how you can build a healthier lifestyle.
Rodney Yee Yoga Moves For Energy. Welcome to \You Tried It,\ a series of video posts from top trainers, who will share clips from their popular workout DVDs
Breaking It Down. In the larger scale, the newly FDA-approved home HIV test will prove to be a worthy foot soldier in the battle against AIDS.  But as in any war using a novel weapon, there will be individual tragedies along the way that will question its ethical utility.
Mood Disorders. There is no word yet on what kind of mood disorder Jackson has. The term \mood disorder\ is generally used to describe depression
Babesiosis. People who live in or travel to the Northeast or upper Midwest this summer should take precautions to avoid contracting babesiosis
Drift Happens. There's no doubt about it
Why You Should Fail A Lot. It's a great feeling, to know that you can fail and keep going. It's worth a lot of failing to get there. So go ahead and fail! Do it some more! Do it lavishly! Try everything you want to try!
When Vegetarianism Fails. In spiritual practices I've learned that no rigid rules apply. What works as an effective practice in the beginning often needs to evolve and adapt as we grow. One of those long enduring spiritual practices for me was vegetarianism.
Love Means Being Free to Fly Your Crazy Flag. When do you show your crazy flag to the person you are dating? Timing is key, especially considering what brand of crazy you are working with. At the beginning of my relationship, my strategy was to throw all of my awesome at my new man. I figured I needed to build up a big reserve of goodness before I hit him with the flip side.
Cranberries Effective At Preventing UTI In Some People. However, researchers noted in the review -- published in the journal Archives of Internal Medicine -- that because the designs
Waiting for a Cancer Diagnosis. Waiting for a diagnosis is extraordinarily difficult because it brings up an array of feelings that are hard to hold
We Should Start Loving Ourselves. We should look into the mirror and see our beauty instead of the flaws. We should give ourselves a hand of applause when accomplish something. We should pat ourselves on the back when we do something good. We should start loving ourselves.
The National HIV/AIDS Strategy at Two. On the second anniversary of this country's first comprehensive National HIV/AIDS Strategy, it's worth thinking about what has gone right, and where we go next.
Adventures of a Lady in Rock. I've been gluten-free and mostly dairy-free ever since I walked into my nutritionist's office in 2010 begging her to fix my constant stomach problems. Staying the course on tour is no small feat.
Benefits of Fruits and Vegetables. Eating a diet with plenty of fruits and vegetables has been linked to improved health, and for good reason. While all fruits and vegetables are healthy, here are several pointers on some nutrition powerhouses.
Hypochondria. One driving factor, Belling argues, is that we're constantly being bombarded with messages telling us we might be sick, even
Dying for a Laugh. Anyone can empathize with how uncomfortable it would be for someone with Vinny's background to ask for help. But by avoiding this vulnerability, Vinny had effectively dead-ended his career.
Migraine Relief. If you've ever had a migraine, you know that when the first symptoms strike, it's time to find relief -- and fast. And when
What Is This Vegetable? Obscure Summer Produce You Should Be Eating. We all have a roster of fruits and veggies that we know and love (or tolerate), but occasionally we're thrown for a loop
Chicken Superbugs May Be Responsible For Drug-Resistant Bladder Infections In 8 Million Women. Urinary tract infections occur when bacteria, fungi or viruses infect the urinary tract, with bacteria being the most frequent
Eye Movements Don't Reveal Lying, Study Suggests. The eyes are the windows to the soul. As such they can reveal if someone is lying, right? Cop shows, advice shows, even some
Major Phobias Could Lead To Faster Aging, Health Problems. All of this psychological stress could be taking a toll on physical health. A new study suggests that intense phobic anxiety
Off the Grid. Only a decade ago, when I went abroad, I expected to be out of touch -- that only death or true crisis would intrude upon my travels.  The world was bigger then. Why does internet abstinence feel so challenging?
11 Signs You're Not Connecting. It is possible to change how you communicate with others.  You may have habitual ways of interacting, but like driving or playing the piano, communicating is a skill that can be practiced and learned.
Strategies to Prevent Another Stroke. It is easy to revert back to your old habits and continue to put yourself at a high risk for another stroke or heart attack.  Take a few moments, meet with your doctor and start changing the way you live -- it just may save your life.
Be Fearless in This Post-9/11 World. To this day I see people professionally for fear related to terrorism. Even though it might not be in the news, it still lingers in the minds of many -- especially those in areas that are potentially vulnerable to an attack. Here are my fearless tips for dealing with such concerns.
What Would YOU Do With A Second Chance In Life?. On Dec. 26, 2004, my life changed forever. That day, the tsunami struck Asia, killing hundreds of thousands of people. I learned that the resort I was scheduled to visit just three days later, Charlie's Beach Resort in Koh Phi Phi, had been completely wiped out, with no survivors. It made me deeply question the way I was living.
7 Ways to Pick Up the Pace of Weight Loss. Here are seven changes you can make to your routine that will help you pick up the pace of weight loss so you can reach your long-term goal more quickly.
It's Not Life's Little Setbacks That Matter Most, It's How We React to Them. Have you ever had a challenging life situation rear its ugly head in the midst of an otherwise good day or week? If so, did you give into the grief and the agony and jump on board the pity train? Or did you shake it off and move forward with a positive spirit?
Compassionately Dealing With Mental Illness in America. When it comes to mental illness, we need more tolerance, empathy and compassion. We need to remove the barriers to help, and remember that if it were our family member or friend who had such problems, we would view things with a lot more compassion.
Are Sugar Substitutes Healthy? Sometimes, According To American Heart Association. Sugar-free sweeteners may help people lose weight and maintain healthy blood sugar levels, according to a joint statement
Love. Spiritual love is characterized by deep peace, freedom, and an absence of resistance or \againstness.\   When we love in this way, we unite and embrace the other.
New Gene Finding Spurs Hope For Alzheimer's Treatment. Targeting BACE could backfire for the same reason. The enzyme is involved in numerous physiological functions, said Tanzi
What Tastes Good In Outer Space? Cooking For Mars-Bound Travelers. How long could you live off dehydrated fruit and powdered eggs? For astronauts on two- to three-year missions in outer space
Have We Lost Faith in Humanity?. Our cynicism has conditioned us to always see the negative in people. But we should really give each other another chance. We should stop thinking of the glass as half empty and try to find the positive in others.
Biggest Loser's Ashley Johnston on Struggling to Get Comfortable in Her Skin. Although massive weight loss often boosts self-esteem and body image, the inevitable loose, sagging skin and likely weight fluctuations can have quite the opposite effect.
Excedrin Recall. It's been half a year since Novartis voluntarily recalled certain packages of Excedrin, NoDoz, Bufferin and Gas-X Prevention
The Alchemists. Through Phil Stutz's and Barry Michels' approach, which draws in part on the Jungian principle of active imagination, Cognitive Behavior Therapy, and spiritual precepts unbuckled from religion, the problems and pain of life become the foundation for creating meaning and transformation.
SELF Magazine's Top 30 (of 100) Best Workout Songs. SELF talked to researchers from Keele University in England and found that when you cue jams you really love (vs. songs you're so over, or music from genres you dislike), you move faster and push harder during your workouts.
6 Common Summer Hair Problems, Solved. If only summer hair were as easy as those magazines would have you believe! \u00a0 Instead of \beachy waves\ we're left with greasy
Bird Flu Is Three Steps Away From Possibly Lethal Human Strain. That is perhaps understandable. Spending cash on a health emergency that hasn't yet happened is politically tricky, particularly
Asperger's and Uniqueness in Little Rosie Miller. Julie just wants Rosie to learn more about social cues, skills she hopes Rosie can pick up from talk therapy and play therapy.
Book Review. Th rich history of New York City's Bellevue Hospital sets the stage for 12 stories by Dr. Eric Manheimer, who was Bellevue's chief medical officer for almost 15 years.
Medicaid Patients Turn To Hospitals For Emergencies, Not Routine Care. One in 10 Medicaid patients used an emergency room for non-urgent care, compared to about 1 in 14 for patients with insurance
How Long Ago Did You Buy Your Mattress, Pillows And Sheets? (INFOGRAPHIC). As long as you're washing them regularly, sheets shouldn't pose much of a mite problem though. Because 86 percent of people
Persuasion Is Local. A new psychology paper, published in the June 2012 issue of Psychological Science, looked at the effectiveness of different advertising messages based on people's personality traits.
Can a Woman Have It All?. For more from Maria Rodale, visit www.mariasfarmcountrykitchen.com. That's the \all\ women want. It's pretty simple. Having
Mice Hit Protein To Stop Hunger. The results of the study make it extra impressive that Joey Chestnut wolfed down 68 hot dogs at the Nathan's July 4th hot
Alzheimer's Brain Changes Occur 25 Years Before Memory Problems. Crenezumab, an experimental Alzheimer drug made by Roche's Genentech unit has already been selected for a similar kind of
Odanacatib. The company said it expects to report final results from the study next year. Wall Street analysts, on average, have forecast
I Lost Weight. For more on weight loss, click here. Got a success story of your own? Send it to us at success.stories@huffingtonpost.com
Top 5 Happy Thoughts. Instead of sweating out stress, I make a quick mental list of top five (to 10) thoughts -- simple occurrences or hopes -- that put a smile on my face.
How to Prevent Disappointment. You can't always get what you want. The Rolling Stones called it. But these words are as much disregarded as they are immortal. How do we prevent unmet expectations from derailing us?
We Need To Raise Resilient Children. As a child I was beaten by bullies, robbed by bullies, humiliated by bullies. I learned to fight back -- sometimes physically, sometimes with words, and occasionally with pranks. Do I advocate violence among children? No -- no more than I advocate violence anywhere. I do advocate wit and resiliency.
Navigating by Heart. When I'm in emotional pain, I'm a much slower learner. I want to fight the pain, banish its cause, punish its stimulus. Sometimes I remember that the key to loving it is to accept the pain, to surrender to it, become one with it.
The Magic in Writing. There's a magic in writing. It's cleansing, enriching, renewing and grounding. It allows us to process the emotions and events of our life.
Dreams. There is no \one size fits all\ answer to what a dream means despite the pat answers offered by supermarket tabloids.  While dreams may be harbingers of the future or echoes of the past, I've learned the triggering event is always something in the present.
Films for Your Soul. If we are to save our souls, our lives and the life of every living creature on this magnificent planet, we must turn our attention to that which is beautiful, good, healing, compassionate and right.
Is It Possible to Try Too Hard?. We've heard it so many times that by now it certainly must be true
Cuba Cholera Outbreak Contained So Far. Current cases of the disease may stem from someone travelling from Haiti, where there is a cholera epidemic, the official
'Perception' And Paranoid Schizophrenia. People with paranoid schizophrenia often don't experience some of the cognitive deficits experienced by people with other
Doctors Discover Genetic Treatment For Leukemia. Dr. Lukas Wartman may be the world's luckiest cancer patient. Stricken with fatal leukemia, he inspired colleagues at Washington
iFlora Kids Dietary Supplements Recalled Over Salmonella Concerns. WASHINGTON, July 10 (Reuters) - Sedona Labs, a unit of Canada's Atrium Innovations Inc, is recalling two children's dietary
My Four Days With Eckhart Tolle. I was first introduced to Eckhart Tolle's teachings many years ago, while wandering through a bookstore on Michigan Ave. in Chicago.
Pet Health Benefits. Kids from dog-owning homes also had fewer ear infections -- 44 percent fewer than kids from non dog-owning homes -- and needed
Naturopathic Medicine Roots. It is easy to be loyal and dedicated to an elegant philosophy, especially one that leads to the effective treatment of patients with so many kinds of complaints.
Get Used to Uncertainty. Uncertainty provides an opportunity to stop, check in and make powerful choices to clear away what's no longer true, so you have more time and space for new dreams and goals that are aligned with who you are now.
Fearlessly Claim Your Freedom!. Our forefathers had to put it all on the line. Had to put their quest for freedom above all else. It took years. It was harder than they thought. How did they do it? They had to stay focused. Get past their differences. Go for a common goal. They had to decide that their commitment was worth facing their fear.
Applying Compassion in Organizations. Compassion covers a broad range of emotional and behavioral constructs. We see compassion in the workplace daily, whether through helping a manager finish a task after hours, giving a new employee help, or offering banked sick time.
Fix Your Form. Photos by Damon Dahlen, AOL The Fix
Giving Mom a Kidney and Her 'New Life'. Be a donor. It's an incredible act of generosity and courage. But there's also anxiety and worry. When it goes well, you are rewarded with the joy of seeing your recipient with newfound energy and a love of life. They got a second chance because of you.
More Sleep Leads To More Productivity (VIDEO). Hard workers tend to deprive themselves of sleep in order to get more done, but sleep deprivation won't just leave you tired
Multitasking. Thanks to your fairy godmother and Steve Jobs you just need to find the right app, consult it every five minutes and maybe offer up a human sacrifice now and then and your dreams will come true.
WATCH. Are you fearless when it comes to falling in love and staying in love? In this exclusive Becoming Fearless video, Arianna
Akasha Think. What is Akasha consciousness for you, a dream or a nightmare? Or could it be your own deep consciousness \re-cognized\ for what it really is?  Your answer could make a difference -- a difference to you and to the world.
Fitness Lessons From Jackie Warner. Even though I was lying in the sand on a Saturday morning, my experience was far from relaxing. Lying quickly turned to leg dropping. I was working out with celebrity trainer Jackie Warner. The sand was our gym. Our bodies? The weights.
Victims of the Food Industry, Part Two. On top of the government, medical, and celebrated health organizations' support of factory-produced food, we are inundated from birth with brilliant advertising indoctrinating us with messages that factory food is healthy, sexy, and satisfying.
I Lost Weight. Got a success story of your own? Send it to us at success.stories@huffingtonpost.com and you could be featured on the site
Quieting the Thieves. We all struggle with making lists and being plagued by them, with getting somewhere and being here, with doing and being. It's like rowing in a lake, all that effort to simply glide in the quiet. And after a while, we need to row some more.
The Best Moves For Your Hips And Waist. We normally check ourselves out from the front and the side, but taking a look at our \rear view\ takes flexibility -- and courage -- especially if you don't have a three-way mirror.
Healthy Aging. Aging is a natural process of life, and healthy aging is achievable, particularly through integrating the best of Eastern and Western medicine.
What We Really Think About Being First. In the third experiment researchers had 31 people look at pairs of mugshots of convicted criminals. The study participants
Soul-Talk. The first rule of overcoming any kind of adversity or fear that comes upon you is acceptance.  Acceptance does not mean liking what has happened or entering into some kind of Pollyanna-like pretense that all is well.
Can We Repair a Broken Heart?. I am not sure how to get over a broken heart, for what is a broken heart but a deep swelling in your body that remains void where an unconditional accepting love once filled it?
ADHD and Marriage. Gina Pera is the author of the award-winning book Is It You, Me, or Adult A.D.D.? She speaks internationally on adult ADHD and writes three blogs, including one devoted to relationships
Young People Are Shaping a New Era of Global Citizenship for Solidarity and Social Justice. Approximately 5,000 young people from all around have come together to help UNAIDS develop its strategy for engagement with youth. Using a crowdsourcing approach, they have produced a set of recommendations for how to move the agenda on HIV and young people forward.
Sleep Better. For more on sleep, click here. Many said they had at least once turned to over-the-counter sleep aids for relief, while others
The 30-Day 'Do Nothing' Challenge (For 5 Minutes a Day). Did you know that doing nothing, in the true sense of the word, can be overwhelming if we attempt to do too much nothing at once -- so we're supposed to do small nothings at first? Five minutes a day seems reasonable.
The Alchemists. Through Phil Stutz's and Barry Michels' approach, which draws in part on the Jungian principle of active imagination, Cognitive Behavior Therapy, and spiritual precepts unbuckled from religion, the problems and pain of life become the foundation for creating meaning and transformation.
'Deadliest Catch' Captain Sig Hansen. How did you have that ego change? I think the ego change came not just with the responsibility, but over time. Because when
Why Can't I Stick to a Diet? (And Other Frustrating Habits). The problem with any habit is that it takes away your options. When you act out of habit, you continually recreate the past.
'Failure's Not A Big Deal!'. Everything that I tried to avoid ended up happening anyway, but that was all quite fortunate. I learned a wonderful lesson
Olympic-Size Pressure. All you can worry about is you, and even then, some days your best isn't good enough. And that's okay. If you got out there and conquered or even faced one of your fears today, you're better off than 99 percent of the rest of the world.
Mindfulness Meditation Needs to Be in Every School in America. If we can train our children with good habits, it will improve every aspect of our county. By incorporating more mindfulness-based practices into education and society, we can greatly improve America.
Wine Intolerance May Be Experienced By 7 Percent Of Adults, Study Suggests. The researchers noted, too, that rates of wine intolerance may also be higher than the study suggests, since they did not
15 Bad Excuses We Make for Not Eating Healthy. By Charlotte Andersen for Shape.com Click through the slideshow below to find out how to outwit the most common diet-derailing
What Can a 3-Year-Old Teach You About Getting a New Job?. I started thinking about this during brunch this past weekend when my friend Heidi talked to me about the trials and tribulations of trying to potty-train her 3-year-old son.
Inspiration, Insight, and Wickedly Playful Wisdom. In a busy, chaotic and often troubling world, where do you turn for inspiration? To nature, perhaps. Or to religion, art, or your friends. Come July 16 you may find yourself turning to The Chopra Well, a new YouTube channel focused entirely on wellness and spirituality.
Ask Noah. Social interactions and friendly camaraderie play a big role in holiday overindulgence. The idea that everyone is going to overindulge together makes drinking an imagined prerequisite for holiday cheer.
Lingering On A Decision Breeds More Indecision. What's more important, a decision with life-long consequences, like getting married or moving? Or a decision about what to
How To Improve Quality Of Life For Terminal Patients. Overall, a change in end-of-life care appears to be on the horizon, Prigerson says, that has more to do with patients' social
Why We Sunburn. Gallo said that the finding, published in the journal Nature Medicine, could have implications for people with health conditions
Top 10 Tips for Fat Flushing Your Summer. Whether you've tried one too many fad diets, have fallen off the bandwagon, or just want tips for lifetime weight management, you can clean up your diet with a few simple tweaks.
Could a Vitamin D Supplement a Day Keep the Colds Away?. At this point, if you are someone who is interested in supplements and vitamins, you might be getting tired of hearing about all the extensive virtues of vitamin D.
Drug Company GlaxoSmithKline Puts American Values to Shame. The capacity of government and its citizens to sue entities such as pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline for fraudulent practices is a necessary part of the checks and balances needed to restrain personal and corporate greed.
Meditation Tips. To help us stay \soul conscious,\ try living your days by a quote or a mantra. When we communicate with people, our words carry a vibration. Words carry the energy of the feeling behind it.
Why Doing Nothing Is the Key to Happiness. In order to pay attention we need to be quiet, to be practiced at stillness, to know the habits of our mind and be skilled at dancing with them, not to be controlled or dominated by them.
Healthy Foods. By Tina Haupert Summer is my favorite season, especially when it comes to foods like ice cream and burgers on the grill. I
Short on Sleep, Junk Food Looks Even More Tempting. When you're feeling run down, do you find yourself reaching for the cookie jar, or digging into a bag of potato chips?  According to the latest research, your lack of sleep -- and your sleep-deprived brain -- may be fueling your junk food habit.
6 Ways To Rock A Summer Workout Despite The Heat. By Lisa LaValle Overmyer High core temperature, increased heart rate and dehydration create a perfect storm that could turn
Overcome Your Anxiety! (VIDEO). In this AOL video, Daniel Smith, author of \Monkey Mind
No Pressure. Sometimes, I am the first black woman that someone has interacted with, dated or developed a friendship with. At times, I am that \one\ that surprised you. And there are times where it doesn't matter who or what I am, because you knew who I was the instant you saw me.
EP67 Protein May Prevent Flu By Boosting Immune System, Mouse Study Suggests. Some of the mice were given the protein, while others were not. The researchers found that if mice were given the protein
Personal Brain Management. There are now major forces driving a revolution in personal brain management. At the intersection of these movements is positive applied neuropsychology -- the systematic study of brain mechanisms underlying well-being.
'There Is No Way to Happiness; Happiness Is the Way'. Sometimes we need to put our feet in front of our heads and then our thoughts and emotions will follow. We don't have to climb Mount Everest, but if all we can do is take even one step in that direction, it can make a difference.
Andy Griffith's Fearlessly Joyful Work Ethic. It's rare for anyone in Hollywood to speak about someone's exemplary conduct on the set, an environment that's usually treated as off-limits, since how the sausage is made is best left unexamined. But some 50 years after working with Andy Griffith, Ron Howard's remembering the spirit of that generous work environment shows how lasting an impression such professionalism, joy and kindness can have on a young person.
Radiant Skin Begins With Clean Plates. Glowing skin is anything but skin deep
Can You Eat Late And Still Lose Weight?. \Willpower is lower when you're sleepy,\ explains study author Kelly Baron, Ph.D., a clinical health psychologist at Northwestern
Salute the Sun to Calm Your Soul. A sun salutation is a sequence of yoga postures performed with each posture coordinated with a particular breath. When I need to \reset\ my mood, nothing works better than doing a few \sun salutations.
Not All Meditation Types Are One-Size-Fits-All, Study Suggests. By the end of the study period, the top two preferred meditation methods were Mantra and Mindfulness, with 31 percent of
This Woman Lived In A Walmart Parking Lot For 9 Months (VIDEO). In this inspiring AOL video, Brianna Karp, author of the memoir \u201cThe Girl\u2019s Guide to Homelessness,\ describes how she went
Lessons From the Side of the Sea. They say if you're lucky enough to live on the beach, you're lucky enough.  And I have to agree, living so close to the side of the sea that if I fell out of bed I'd drown.
Swimmer's Ear, Cramps And More Pool Safety Questions, Answered. \Obviously, brain injury by drowning is our utmost concern,\ says Dr. Julie Gilchrist, a pediatrician and medical epidemiologist
Carrie Wiatt's 5 Ways to Find Peace. How do I find peace and serenity in my busy lifestyle?  As a nutritionist and as a mother, I've found a few ways that really help me to relax -- without reaching for a dessert or a high-calorie treat.
Artist Nick Cave's Fearless, Freeing 'Soundsuits'. Artist Nick Cave forces us to let go of our expectations about what someone should be like based on their appearance. And for both parties the experience is very freeing.
Becoming Fearlessly Independent. A healthy life is a delicate balance between interdependence and self-dependence. Having the ability to be independent positively impacts all areas of your life. Self-reliance boosts self-confidence and can increase self-love and overall life satisfaction.
Is Raw Food Safe For Dogs?. I am well aware that many pet owners will disagree with me. The number of people who feed raw chicken bones (along with other
Energizing Blueberry Flaxseed Summer Smoothie. What better way to start your long summer day than with a protein- and nutrient-packed smoothie? Here is one of my all-time favorite recipes, brimming with healthy fats, protein, antioxidants, and so much flavor!
Don't Mask Your Symptoms -- Listen to Them. Treat symptoms as your friends, not your enemies. Do not silence them or kill them. They are trying to give you important messages. We should respect them and listen to them.
Letting Go Of Fear And Panic (VIDEO). While there are specific fears that we can address with tapping, sometimes we are just caught in a place of fear, and it is hard to feel okay -- much less move forward.
Pro Athletes. Protecting and encouraging sleep among pro athletes may be one way to enhance and even prolong players' career-long levels of performance.
Wealth School. I know the beauty of surrender -- the surrender of releasing my concerns upwards and of surrendering up to the greatest good and guidance available for me. It looks like relaxing and being patient, not being inactive but following inspired action.
Heal Thyself. Five days a week I skip rope, run, box, something, anything for an hour. Rarely more, never less. During the workout I attempt to put away all angst and worries about deadlines and book sales and book talks and family bills and family problems.
1-Minute Mini-Escape. If you slow down for a moment and open your eyes, it's amazing what you can see. Join me for this one-minute Power Living Mini-Escape. To capture its power, say it out loud.
Desperation. When we want anything badly -- a job, a relationship, money, a stroke of creative genius, etc. -- it creates an air of desperation. And this energy of desperation acts like a rubber wall and a heavy coat of armor -- what you want can't get to you.
The Huge Benefits of Foot Soaks for Dogs. Did you know about 50 percent of foot licking and chewing can be alleviated by mechanically removing (rinsing off) allergens and other irritants collected on your dog's paws?
Simple Home Remedy Treats Most Canine Skin Issues -- No Drugs Needed. If a localized skin infection is left untreated, your dog could wind up on antibiotics, which is something we want to avoid. I've never had to resort to antibiotics to treat my dogs' bacterial skin infections, because I do two things as soon as I notice a problem.
From Fearful Victim To Fearless Survivor!. This week I will not only be celebrating America, the land of the red, white, and blue. Instead, I will be celebrating myself, my journey, and the fact that, over the past five years, I've gone from fearful victim to fearless survivor!
Sweat Outdoors This Summer. Between the weather and the benefits, there is no excuse to stay indoors! Ditch the treadmill and hit the park.
Be The Fearless Sheriff Of Your Own Mayberry. At some point in life, most of us have probably thought it would be idyllic to live in a place where people know and support each other, leave their doors unlocked with confidence and are afraid of practically nothing. Once upon a time that kind of living seemed commonplace. These days? Not so much.
And Not But. We generate compassion and appreciation for ourselves, our partners and our relationships, when we are able to accept the whole picture that is the relationship.
Body-Image Expert Thomas Cash Shares Little-Known Weight-Loss Secret. More than a mental picture of what you look like, your body image consists of your personal relationship with your body -- encompassing your perceptions, beliefs, thoughts, feelings, and actions that pertain to your physical appearance.
It's National Kissing Day! 5 Health Benefits Of Smooching. Friday was National Kissing Day. Did you celebrate? This just-for-fun \holiday\ may have started in the U.K., but countries
How Physics Can Help People With Macular Degeneration. Kohn says he successfully has tested both techniques on a patient he calls, \u201cEve,\u201d a 60-year-old accountant. He is now working
ACL Injuries May Be More Common In Men Than Women. Despite research suggesting women's knees are more prone to ligament injuries, a new Swedish study finds that men in that
20 Ways. Twenty ways to love. Through silence, words, gesture, touch, the observed ritual, food, art. Sometimes we love by letting
Reinventing Myself. I've gone and reinvented myself. Again. But this time around, the new version of me doesn't have a new pen name. What I have done is lose more than 55 pounds over the past seven months.
The Kindness of Strangers. In what cities is a needy stranger more likely to receive help?  What sort of community teaches a citizen to withhold compassion toward strangers? Dr. Robert Levine has spent much of the past two decades systematically exploring these questions.
Fit Links. Summer just wouldn't be the same without backyard barbecues, but navigating a cookout with nutrition in mind can be tricky
5 Favorites for a Summer Stomach. Most people bully through crunches the way they were taught in 4th grade gym class. Poor technique will not only frustrate you with a lack of result; it could possibly lead to pain and irritation in your lower back.
The Value of Experiencing Through Someone Else's Eyes. This research suggests that reading about different groups can be helpful for aspiring leaders.  One of the greatest problems in business leadership is a failure to understand how the work environment can influence different people in different ways.
American Cancer Society Requests Research on Sugar-Sweetened Beverages. The American Cancer Society (ACS) believes that the health risks of drinking soda should be viewed by U.S. health officials in the same way that they viewed the health risks of using tobacco in the 1960s.
Couerage. How do we gain courage?  We could \just do it\ and \feel the fear and do it anyway,\ or we can break it down and really understand what is fueling us and let that add motion towards what we want.
How To BBQ. Courtesy of Visual News.
6 Personality Traits Associated With Longevity. The average life expectancy in the U.S. is 78.5 years -- and by now we all know that certain healthy behaviors might help
Wealth School. Embedded in your voice is your value, that which you are proud to stand and claim as your own, not as a position of ego, division and separation but as the singular and unique contribution you bring to serve yourself and others.
Overworked Eyes. As a child, your mother always said
How I Lost 15 Pounds On The Summer Shape Up. I have just completed The Huffington Post's 30-Day Summer Shape Up, and I feel great.  I went from 179 pounds down to 164 for a total loss of 15 pounds and lost a little more than an inch on my waist.
Celiac Disease Under-Diagnosis Could Be Attributed To Low Biopsy Rates. However, researchers found that fewer than half -- 43 percent -- of the endoscopies included a biopsy. In 2009 in particular
Marathon Training For The Real World. By Linda Melone, C.S.C.S. for Shape.com You may have no problem pounding pavement for 26.2 miles, but what happens when you're
The Well in the Garden of the Soul. Visualizing the soul as a garden helps us really feel an inner space that is both sacred and filled with life.  Here, we can sow the seeds of all our most cherished experiences and weed out the self-defeating doubts we have acquired from the time in which we live.
The Wimpy Way To Be Fearless. Ten minutes at a time is my slow-and-steady way of being fearless. Little by little I chip away at a goal, safely, somewhat risk-free. Do I take the world by storm? Have I ever been an overnight success? No and no. But slow and steady is better than not at all, and so I inch along.
I Lost Weight. How I Lost It
You Have 1,440 Minutes Every Day -- Take 10 for Yourself. You don't have to sit for 20 minutes or half an hour to benefit from a meditation practice.  You only need a few minutes here and there to reduce your stress, minimize the noise from the world around you, and gain control of your life.
The Mysterious Science of Sleep. While our understanding of sleep science continues to grow, there continues to be a strong consensus on the need for a good night's rest.
Finding Happiness in a Bad Economy. When we make the shift from seeing our happiness as something dependent on outward circumstances to realizing that our happiness is primarily inner-directed, we find that we can be happy no matter what kind of economic or life challenges we might be experiencing.
Centrum Drops Breast And Colon Health Claims Amid Deceptive Advertising Allegations. Many other companies continue to make unsubstantiated health claims for supplements, Gardner said. \Those claims of breast
Tips for Having a More Passionate and Meaningful Life. In this fast-paced and diverse world that is becoming more and more interconnected, people who learn to be tolerant and can adjust and are resilient have more of a chance of happiness and full growth.
Oh Dearism (Ain't It Awful). Resignation leaves us in a kind of unthinking stupor living day-to-day as if not much matters -- totally unconscious of the fact our point of view and conversations are \closed\ and creating a predictable and circumstantially determined future.
Taming Mr. Ed. Eddie and I are in uncharted territory with only the GPS of our mutual trust to guide us.  The road may not lead us to the western skies, or perhaps it will. I simply do not know.
Lou Gehrig's Disease. \Ted\ writer Seth MacFarlane is defending a punch line that sparked outrage among people with Lou Gehrig's disease and their
Are Online Medical Resources Making or Breaking the Next Generation of Physicians?. Online medical resources are certainly not the next fad in health care. They are likely to become a permanent fixture in the way we as doctors practice medicine.
Summer Skin Care. Bug bites, sunburns, peeling skin -- summer means a whole host of different skin hangups than we're used to combatting in
What Is Wisdom? Business Leaders and Spiritual Teachers Share Their Thoughts (Video). Backstage at Wisdom 2.0, we asked numerous people -- from wisdom teachers Jack Kornfield and Jon Kabat-Zinn, to Twitter co-founder Biz Stone and Burning Man founder Larry Harvey -- the question
Eyewitness to a War. \Hot?\ he would say to me when I came to get him and take him out for our time together. \THIS isn't hot! In the jungle temperatures
How Does A Midweek Day Off Affect Your Wellbeing?. The answer is that it\u2019s somewhat of a mixed bag. \u201cThere\u2019s both positives and negatives,\u201d explains Steven Meyers, professor
We Need to Expand Involuntary Treatment for Severe Mental Illness. Countless mental health professionals care deeply about their patients and want them to get better. Strengthening involuntary treatment will allow them to do that.
The Doctors' Dilemma. A number of doctors like myself in the past year or so have seen a sharp uptick in patients searching for a new doctor because the old doctor no longer wants to treat them. I have come to recognize the telephone call.
The Hero's Journey. In the 70s, when I first heard the phrase \follow your bliss,\ popularized by mythologist Joseph Campbell, it immediately hooked my attention.
Freedom on Your Mind. The Fourth of July offers us an opportunity to connect our thoughts and favorite music with the concept of freedom.  It's really a great reminder of the power that this association can provoke in our mind, body, and soul.
31 Ways To Live Life On Your Own Terms. This is your life. Commit to living it passionately. Don't let the world dictate what that means for you. Show up. Show out. And rise to the occasion every single time.
Rheumatoid Arthritis Unemployment. The research, published in the journal Mayo Clinic Proceedings, shows that people with rheumatoid arthritis also have a 50
Let's Get Free!. Freedom means going for our own unique brand of personal excellence, thereby making the world a brighter, more colorful and more loving place.
Fourth Of July. This year, the Fourth of July falls on a Wednesday, and that mid-week day off is undoubtedly messing with your travel plans
Honor Your Soul's Journey by Paying Attention to Your Intentions. May your journey be a conscious one where the intentions of your soul intersect with the intentions of your human nature on a daily basis, bringing both into alignment every moment of your life. That is what it means to experience heaven on earth.
Rapamycin, Easter Island Drug, Shows Promise In Boosting Aging Brain, Mice Study Shows. The drug, called rapamycin, comes from isolated bacterial products in the soil of the Polynesian island, known as the home
HuffPost Workouts. July Fourth is a meaningful day for our country, but it's also a day off from work. And that means it's a good opportunity to go for that long bike ride, finally get your kayak down to the lake or try a new fitness class that doesn't fit in with your regular work week schedule.
Why Reflection Is Good For Well-Being. \We focus on the outside world in education and don't look much at inwardly focused reflective skills and attentions,\ study
Stake Your Claim. I've been trying something new
Accidentally Eating Bristles From Wire Grill-Cleaning Brush May Lead To Injuries. The six people were between ages 31 and 64, with five of them being men, the CDC reported. The cases were reported between
Is Fear Driving Our 'Busyness'? (VIDEO). Tim Kreider hates to be busy (his words), and he wants us all to consider why we feel oh-so-busy all the time. A New York
$3 Billion in Fines for Illegal Marketing of Paxil, Wellbutrin and Other Drugs. Although it is encouraging to see the legal system to some degree catching up with drug company malfeasance, there are a number of problems with the criminal and civil cases brought by the Department of Justice against drug companies.
Red, White And Blue Superfoods!. Between the barbecues, the beers and the bon-bons being chucked at you from floats in your town's parade, the Fourth of July
How To Fix Your Foot Problems. Culprit #3
Nutrition Tips. By Kristin Kirkpatrick, R.D. for YouBeauty.com You read about it in newspapers and listen to it on talk shows all the time
What Researchers May Say About Diabetes, Obesity and Heart Disease. Someday, many, many years from now, long after the epidemic of Type 2 diabetes has settled in and further ravaged our already struggling health care system, anthropologists will search for clues as to why highly educated populations succumbed to such an illness.
Finding Hope, Part II. I felt no fear. I feel foolish. Such a buildup. Such a false start. But I remember Solo's words. If he mucks up the vows
The Alchemy of Joy. We hold the ability to change our experiences not only by the thoughts we choose to think at any given moment, but also by training ourselves to automatically reboot our minds through habit.
What About Your Sexual Intelligence Quotient? Part II. One important step in the process of moving toward a state of sexual intelligence is the integration of the energy fields, which results in a sense of wholeness.
Vitamin D Recommendations. But the USPSTF \simply didn't look very analytically at the data,\ says Robert Heaney, a bone nutrient specialist at the
Annie's Song. Once on a cold January day, happy with life, Annie discovered a calloused area on her left breast. She went to a doctor who
This Independence Day, Let's Give the Gift of Yoga to Veterans. Therapies and supports exist to help war veterans overcome obstacles; among them are the practices of yoga and meditation, which are yielding promising and measurable benefits.
Coffee Skin Cancer. The Cancer Research study included analysis of 112,897 people who were in the Nurses' Health Study and the Health Professionals
Confronting the Organ Transplant Gap -- A Surgeon's Perspective. More than 100,000 patients are on the waiting list for solid organ transplants, but in 2011 there were just 28,465 transplants completed. And the shortage is only worsening as the numbers of available organs continues to drop, both from living and deceased donors.
The Best Friend You Will Ever Have. Meditation is a companion to have throughout life, like a best friend we turn to when things get hard to deal with and we are in need of inspiration, clarity, and even inner happiness.
Sleep Deprivation Takes Same Toll On Body's Immune System As Stress. \If confirmed with more data, this will have implications for clinical practice and for professions associated with long
On You Being Psychic. There are two paths to more routinely accessing your inner knowing. Meditation is one path in that it stills the chattering, judgmental mind and can allow your depth, knowing, clarity and intuition to come forward.
Dara Torres And Other Olympians Over 30. Dr. Michael Joyner, an anesthesiologist at the U.S. Mayo Clinic who studies the effects of ageing on athletes, said normal
Eating Disorders in Athletes. Experts generally agree that certain categories of athletics place these high-achieving individuals at a greater risk for developing anorexia nervosa, bulimia nervosa and eating disorder not otherwise specified (EDNOS).
Fix Your Form. He'll be helping us tackle some of the most common mistakes we all make while building muscle, plus giving us tips and tricks
Navigating by Heart. With a few notable exceptions, much of what is written and said about freedom is primarily focused on outer experiences. What's rarely discussed is that having outer freedom does not guarantee the inner experience of being free.
Does Self-Compassion Mean Letting Yourself Off the Hook?. A common stumbling block when thinking about self-compassion is the belief that it just means letting ourselves off the hook.  When we say \it's only human,\ isn't this just a way to blow off personal responsibility for our actions?
Intermittent Explosive Disorder. The condition may be understudied because \people who have these anger problems very often do not consider it a problem,\ study
14 Stories That Prove Animals Have Souls. Animals are capable of so much more compassion, love, bravery, and ingenuity than most people realize. Here are 14 incredible
Evelyn, New Jersey Woman, Has 51-Pound Tumor Removed After Delaying Treatment For A Month. By now, she weighed more than 170 pounds, her legs were swollen with trapped blood, she was badly dehydrated, and, scans
What the Health Care Decision Means to Us. The term \Obamacare\ began as an insult, but now it's the name almost everyone uses to describe the healthcare reform law
American Cancer Society Urges Government To Study Link Between Sugary Drinks, Obesity. The U.S. Surgeon General's office plays a largely symbolic role but is often looked to for direction on significant health
Legacy. One significant purpose for writing our legacies is to extract the lessons we've learned from our experience, from our \stories,\ to pass them forward to future generations.
FDA Proposes IDs To Track Medical Device Safety. Recent problems with medical devices include all-metal hip implants from Johnson & Johnson which failed at a higher-than
Our 5th 'Most Fearless Tweet' Finalist! (PHOTOS). On May 3, HuffPost Becoming Fearless and Toyota Corolla teamed up to announce Toyota Corolla's Most Fearless Tweet Contest
A Warning Against A Culture Where Every Child Wins. The truth is that in real life you don't get rewarded for showing up. The real lesson we should be teaching kids is that the rewards come when you work hard and accomplish something. And the rewards might not always come--that's an important lesson, too.
Mindfulness and ADHD. Typically, when we first practice mindfulness, we find how really busy our mind is (and even more so for someone with ADHD). Successful practice is becoming fully aware of what is, and then using that awareness to choose where you place the most attention.
Inspiring Change With Patients/Patience. Seeds of knowledge and understanding for patients sometimes get integrated easily, and sometimes it seems impossible. I am reminded to never give up on a patient just starting out, some people take longer to make changes.
To Be Nothing but Yourself. Genuine vision reveals that beyond the issue of jobs there is also the deeper struggle for self-realization and the individual need to find a person's essential life-work.
How to Find Reliable Menopause Information Online. There are millions of menopause websites, many with misinformation about menopause, treatment options, tests, and strategies. How do we find reliable menopause information online so we can have a productive conversation with our health care providers?
Bliss Is the New Black. If there's anything that this downturn in the economy has taught us, it's that our happiness does not depend on the money we make.  We have learned to be creative, to downsize, to \make do\ and to accomplish more with fewer resources.
Protect Your Pets in Extreme Heat. As you take precautions to protect yourself in this heat wave and upcoming hot summer months, don't forget to protect our pets. Heat-related illness impacts animals too.
Soul-Talk. Listen closely and you will become captain of your ship, master of your destiny. Turn a deaf ear to that quiet inner voice of your soul, and you may wind up shipwrecked instead.
The Different Types of Dental Floss. Flossing cleans away plaque that your toothbrush will miss, and is a very essential part of good oral health. In fact, if you only brush and do not floss, you're only really doing half the job.
Watch Out for the 'I'm Right; You're Wrong' Conversation. A person with \oppositional conversational style\ is a person who, in conversation, disagrees with and corrects whatever you say. Maybe in a friendly way, maybe in a belligerent way, but their remarks are framed in opposition to whatever you say.
Don't Diet, Live It!. Imagine living in a culture that teaches us we are worthy, no matter what we look like.  Imagine a culture that values compassion and kindness more than the number on a scale.
Sleep Research in the Blind May Help Us All. Greater control of the circadian system can help us understand the extent to which it maintains our overall health and well being, and help to regulate complex metabolic systems that, if disrupted, can increase the risk of disease.
Place Mushrooms in Sunlight to Get Your Vitamin D. Vitamin D is an essential vitamin that boosts the immune system and plays vital roles in human metabolism. Did you know that tasty mushrooms are one source for vitamin D, and that you can naturally multiply their levels by exposing them to sunlight?
Tackling Shame. All that matters is, for one, to regain control over their pain. If you wish, name it Sandusky after that vile cretan. The
The Mirror's Echo. I am lost in this maze that reaches out beyond memory and imagination
The Alchemists. Through Phil Stutz's and Barry Michels' approach, which draws in part on the Jungian principle of active imagination, Cognitive Behavior Therapy, and spiritual precepts unbuckled from religion, the problems and pain of life become the foundation for creating meaning and transformation.
Fearless Dating 101. I often went out every day of the week, mostly for coffee or a walk in the park, opening myself to new lessons and new experiences. I could practice without fear, knowing that I had a new date the next day if I inadvertently made a fatal error with the current one. I practiced and grew more confident and more knowledgeable with every date.
I Lost Weight. Name
Olympic Fever Inspires Fanatics And Couch Potatoes To Rev Up Fitness Routines. Clayton thinks much of the appeal lies in watching the many televised sagas of struggle and determination of individual Olympians
LAMA/LABA. Two further studies compared LAMA/LABA against Spiriva, known generically as tiotropium, and also found statistically significant
What's the Best ROI for Dollars to Help Smokers Quit?. Under the pressure of stalled progress, the smoking cessation community is splintering into different and not always harmonious camps. They have competing visions for how best to spend scarce public health dollars allocated to encourage and help smokers quit.
The 10-Minute Cardio Workout. You don't need a lot of time to fit in a fat-blasting workout. You just need the right moves, which we conveniently pulled
Your Feelings Matter. Honoring our feelings isn't about being self-absorbed or arrogant -- it's really about being true to ourselves, honest about how we feel, and willing to engage in authentic conversations with other people. So why can it be so challenging for us to honor our own feelings?
Match Your Dog's Breed Type to the Right Exercise. More from Vetstreet.com
Walking Every Day Linked With Lower Diabetes Risk. The study included 1,826 people from Native American communities who wore pedometers for a week. The study participants had
Affordable Care Act Upheld. I could not be more ecstatic about the Court's decision.  This is a big win for our country, and especially for those struggling with addiction, their families, and those of us who are dedicated to substance abuse treatment.
10 Reasons to Quit Your Coffee!. It's a wise experiment to provide yourself a break from coffee intake and see what it feels like to live your life on your own fuel. Remove coffee and caffeine safely from your system and see how authentically energized you feel!
Shift Work Again Linked With Breast Cancer Risk. Last month, a study in the journal Occupational and Environmental Medicine also showed a link between shift work in women
Let's Pretend! (And Other Ways to Get Somewhere New). The next time you feel like an impostor, remember you are probably in a room full of them, so have a private chuckle and go for the ride. Before you know it, you will not be pretending anymore.
Journaling as a Coping Device. Even if you don't write, give journaling a try. Sit down and write whatever comes. There are no rules or boundaries. You don't have to approach journaling with any specific intention other than to offer yourself the outlet.
Letting My Southern Roots Grow. When a writer gets an idea, it's like the planting of a stubborn seed. And if that seed takes root within, it refuses to be ignored, kind of like a weed in a rose garden.
The Meaning Of Fearlessness (VIDEO). In this video, author, spiritual leader and Buddhist teacher Sharon Salzberg relates her insights about what it really means
No-Win Scenarios. We must be diligent in our efforts to overcome the challenges we face in our lives and never give up. When we refuse to look at situations as un-winnable or impossible, we gain the invaluable experience that will allow us to move forward in a new direction.
Which Is Healthier. It's grilling season and chances are you'll be making that ever-important cookout decision
Healthy Recipes. Sandwiches/Wraps 1. Herbed Cheese And Tomato Sandwich
Curcumin Could Preserve Walking Ability Among Spinal Cord Injury Patients. Published in the Journal of Neurosurgery
Empower Yourself With 'I' Language. \I\ language allows the person to more fully experience the truth of their situation, which can lead to greater self-awareness, healing, and growth. Plus, if you're speaking about your own experience, you should refer to yourself and not the other person!
How to Say 'No' and Make it Stick. \'No' may be the most powerful word in the language, but it's also potentially the most destructive, which is why it's hard
'Social Jetlag' Contributing to Global Weight Gain. In our modern society of too-late work hours and too much time in front of computer screens, we are listening to our social clocks more than our physiological clocks, causing a greater sleep gap, known as social jetlag.
Follow Your Inner Flow. Think less about a \thing\ or \goal\ that fulfills you and instead the feeling of inner flow it creates within your entire energy field. Moving toward those activities, environments and people that give you a sense of lightness, freedom and expression is a way of living your bliss.
Silence. Starting with a little recharging each day can slowly and gradually empower our being.  The first step for this is silence. All new things begin from a reflective space.
Jin Shin Jyutsu, Touch Therapy, May Alleviate Cancer Patients' Pain And Nausea. Generally, the touch therapy was linked with a 2- to 3-point reduction in scores for pain and nausea, researchers found. The
Heat Wave! Do You Know The Symptoms Of Heat Illnesses? (QUIZ). But a heat wave also takes a toll on our bodies and our health. You'll notice you start to sweat more as the temp creeps
9 New And Affordable Ways To Work Out At Home. If you struggle with getting to the gym every day, try getting fit at home for a fraction of the cost. For more on fitness
Living It Up With Your Fearless Life Tribe. Whether amongst friends or strangers, authentically sharing your feelings creates a bond that lessens fear and isolation. Identifying with and sharing your successes and struggles with an empathetic group makes life a little sweeter. (Less scary, too!)
Outdoor Fitness. Pauline Seville said that the switch to outdoor fitness helped her maintain a routine. \u201cI moved my yoga mat and light weights
Bishop T.D. Jakes and Deepak Chopra on Living from the Core. In a special \Super Soul Sunday,\ watch what you didn't see from the Toronto stop on Oprah's Lifeclass
Why Thinking Isn't Always Good. As a life coach working in Hollywood, I've seen how the \overthinker\ can cause someone to put their life on hold, miss opportunities
I Lost Weight. After Weight
Is Your Ambition Making You Stressed?. I don't think our ambitions will save the world, but I do think our collective self-actualization will. As we actualize, we bring forth the incredible love and light within us -- and that is just what we need to bring sanity, compassion, and wisdom into the world.
101 Easy Steps to Having It All. Did you know? Have you heard? Despite rumors to the contrary, despite what Anne-Marie Slaughter's recent hot-button Atlantic cover story wishes to tell you (and especially you women in particular), I'm here to say, it's all a delicious and devious illusion.
Hope Rules! On the Supreme Court's Ruling on Obamacare. Chief Justice Roberts demonstrated that one person's out-of-the-box, thoughtful approach to a complex problem can change an outcome and save lives. The decision offers hope at three levels.
The Things I Wish I Were Told When I Was Diagnosed With Cancer. You will be different. You will never have the same sense of self. You should embrace this. Your old self was probably really great. Your transformed self will be even better. Give into what is happening and trust it.
Celebrating 'Eating Planet-Nutrition Today. Today, the Barilla Center for Food & Nutrition (BCFN) and the Worldwatch Institute's Nourishing the Planet were proud to
Fearless Creating. How many writers are known for their writing in so many forms, and whose names evoke a certain expectation of smarts, savvy and fun? Very few. The Ephron Effect is this
My Own Private Arcadia. I am fortunate in the beauty of the place that is my home.  But arcadia is found not just in places such as mine, but wherever it is that the soul comes to rest. We each can have our own private arcadia.
Blood Vessel Device Can Get Stuck In The Brain; Linked To 9 Deaths. WASHINGTON, June 29 (Reuters) - A Covidien Plc device for rare malformed blood vessels can get stuck in the brain and has
Celebrity Sleep. For more on sleep, click here. That's at least part of the reason why a number of couples have opted for a solution that
The Fearless Force Of Forward Motion. When you live in forward motion, life changes. You find yourself more in sync with the world around you. All of a sudden people and opportunities appear, as if out of nowhere, to help you on your way. You'll never look at pain the same way again.
Meditation and Your 40,000-Year-Old Brain. When you quiet your brain you stop that voice in the back of your head from popping up at the worst of times, you allow your 21st century mind to open up and take the lead.
Fiber Boosts Beneficial Gut Bacteria. You know what fiber's good for\u2014to keep things moving smoothly downstairs. But it's not just for staying regular. Fiber can
5 Reasons Using Your Vacation Days Is Good for Your Health. People who pride themselves on not taking their vacation days ruin it for the rest of us! Taking off for a week long or longer is not only good for your health, but it can improve your work too. Here are five reasons to claim those vacation days.
Mother of All Hormones?. This uber-hormone may be the ultimate raw material in your entire body. It's so essential to health that it's produced not only in the adrenal glands and sex organs, but also in the brain and spinal cord.
Laugh and Be Strong!. Kabbalah's Tree of Life consists of 10 energy centers that are emanations of divine energy. Each one, called a sefirah, has many associations and qualities.
Healthy Food. Each month at HuffPost Healthy Living, we compile lists of the most in-season, fresh superfoods -- this June, for instance
Supreme Court Decision Benefits People With Mental Illness. It is good news for people with mental illness and their families that the Supreme Court has ruled that the Affordable Care Act is constitutional.
Charlie Sheen, Anger Management and Dr. Hank. For me, Anger Management is a definite win, and if you give it a chance, I think it will provide plenty of laughs -- a great way to manage your anger!
Aromatherapy as a Positive Life Influence. Aromatherapy is a supportive process to neutralize old patterns of trauma and dysfunctional behavior by gently clearing old emotions and mental associations and creating new positive affirmations and experiences.
Before The Damage Is Done -- Keep Your Pressure Under Control. High blood pressure can damage the kidneys without any warning, but the news isn't all bad. By knowing your risk and keeping tabs on your numbers, you may be able to prevent blood pressure from getting out of control.
Fit Links. The quest to lose weight or get fit or really in any life change you aim to make, it's about progress, not perfection. Find
Want To Get Fit? Pull Out Your Phone. From social media networks to videogame-like interfaces to health resources, technologies like RunKeeper are transforming
Do You Have One of the Most Common Nutritional Deficiencies?. There is a cultural myth that nutritional deficiencies are rare in Western countries.  People always seemed shocked when I point out their symptom could be from a classic nutrient deficiency.
Is Your Beach Reading Dangerous?. Myth
5 Weird Weight-Loss Questions, Answered. \Just because you wake up with your heart racing, doesn't mean that you're burning calories,\ she says. However, if a dream
Our Understanding of Bad Breath Bacteria Has Come a Long, Long Way. Bad breath studies and bacteriology have gone hand in hand for a long time. That's why today's specialty breath fresheners offer such targeted treatments -- they are the result of decades, sometimes even centuries, of research into what causes halitosis.
Meditation Tips. Some people think that their thoughts and feelings are the result of something outside of them. They blame others or a situation for \making them\ feel a certain way, as if the thought came from outside and got in their head. We know this isn't true.
4 Moldy Foods You Can Eat (Plus Which Foods to Toss). According to the USDA, some foods can be used even when they're moldy, while others need to be discarded. Here are four moldy foods you can eat -- and others that you should toss.
Lessons I've Learned From My 2- and 3-Legged Dogs. Two special guys are in my life
Kristi Yamaguchi Launches Fitness Apparel Line, And 10 Other Olympians Who Went From Gold Medalist To Health Entrepreneur. A number of her fellow American gold-medal winners have also found their niche in the health-and-fitness business world. Here\u2019s
GPS for Laura's Soul. The Huffington Post's GPS series has made me sit back and think about what helps me to relax, and make my life a little less stressful!
Brain-Machine Spelling Device Could Help The Paralyzed Communicate. Intended response
A Lesson in Affection. Heart intelligence has the ability to answer all the questions we have about ourselves and to know what is best for us.
Foot Problems. The survey included 1,456 people who were surveyed between March 23 and April 2 of this year. Researchers also found that
Foods For Vision. Estimates suggest that 21 million Americans have some sort of functional vision problem or eye condition, and vision loss
Fat Or Fiction. \If FDA labels were working -- not just conveying information, but making people understand and care about it -- we\u2019d live
Good Life Project. Feel free to share it with your friends! Melissa had become a much-loved teacher in Spanish Harlem and A.J. was a rising
WATCH. There are all sorts of little things that can come up throughout the day that we might be afraid of -- sometimes just unconsciously -- and the stress from those little frights can build up.
Braveness in the Face of Bullying. In light of Karen Klein, the bus monitor from Greece, N.Y. whose victimization at the hand of child bullies has taken the news and social media by storm, I have been thinking a lot about bullies lately.  I imagine many of us have been.
Playing the Role of You. Broadway star Sandra Joseph, from \The Phantom of the Opera,\ talks to Omega about overcoming fear on and off the stage.
Bullying the Bullies. Why are we collectively so quick to judge?  How can people be so wrong when trying to do something right?  The answer is, as people, we are hard-wired to jump to conclusions, whether those conclusions are accurate or not.
Myrbetriq. Astellas, Japan's second-largest drugmaker, already makes the overactive bladder drug Vesicare. It is one of the company's
Feeling Stuck in Your Yoga Practice?  Five Simple Tips to Break Out of the Rut. We've all been there. You're on the mat, you've been practicing the same yoga poses again and again and you just feel stuck... maybe uninspired, maybe in a rut, or feeling as though your hamstrings will never open despite the fact that you've been stretching them for years.
Xeni. After her experience nothing will be the same, since she managed to make out of an intimate tragedy a public polemic and even a funny story.
David Lynch Foundation Lauded by Global Stress Initiative. Dr. Bob Cancro explained that life has never been more stressful. All of the devices, computers, cellphones, play books, etc
'Parenting Made Me More Brave'. Since [my son] David is about to turn 10 years old (gasp!), I\u2019ve been reflecting on how his life has changed and molded me
Rare Sleep Disorder's Risk Factors Uncovered By Researchers. About only 0.5 percent of the population has the disorder, according to the National Sleep Foundation. This might explain
Yoga at the Pentagon With Tao Porchon-Lynch. Tao explained that she was simply honored to be there among those who work tirelessly to protect our security. She explained how yoga plays a role in peacemaking, which is the ultimate goal for those in our military.
Screening for Obesity. The updated advice from the Preventive Services Task Force about obesity screening harbors good, bad, and a bit of the downright silly.
Supreme Court Upholds Individual Insurance In Health Care Ruling. The Supreme Court upheld the part of the Affordable Care Act that requires individual insurance -- known as the individual
Righty McRighteous-son and the Bane of Being Right. If needing to be right is my operating principal, then fear of all the judgments, opinions, and negative facts about being wrong come along with it.
An Under-Examined Danger of Insomnia. You may know that insomnia puts you at greater risk for serious health problems, including obesity, cardiovascular disease, and diabetes. But did you know that insomnia may also increase your risk of injury?
Canine Wobbler's Syndrome. Wobbler's syndrome is a very common cause of neurologic problems in large and giant breed dogs.
You Have Enough Right Now. This week I'm psyched to share with you what I learned in Berlin. Wherever I go, I welcome opportunities for spiritual growth. In Berlin, I received a beautiful lesson from my European friends.
How to Be a Fearless Dater. Many women come into my office frustrated with the dating scene and fear they will be single forever. Here's how to beat that fearful thinking and find that special guy.
Fearless Body Image. For more on becoming fearless, click here. Want an even bigger boost of body confidence? Watch this video, wherein a multitude
Ira Israel. Although I often find scientific means of measuring happiness analogous to trying to measure milk with a ruler, it is clear from the research of scholars such as Martin Seligman and Ed Diener that there are definitely factors and choices that contribute to overall happiness.
Wealth School. My experience is that too many of us under-value, or fail to recognize, our true worth. We do not take good enough care of ourselves, or we sell ourselves short when it comes to being true to ourselves and going for what we really want in our heart of hearts.
When You Go to Exercise, Do It on Your Terms. Years ago, I had a workout plan and I followed it to the letter. But these days, almost never do I go to the gym and do the workout I plan to do.
Weight Loss Success Jaime Medina Gave Up Fast Food And Lost 115 Pounds. How I Gained It
Can't Sleep? 5 Things Keeping You Awake At Night. Out of the 1,000 participants, 927 answered the question, \Which of the following triggers, if any, causes your sleeplessness
Nora Ephron Leukemia. Note
Facing Frailty at End of Life. My father does not want to die and I understand that. That said, I have watched as over the past three years the quality of his life has been steadily reduce to something approaching zero.
My Workout Music For Success. Music is my passion. It's allowed me to get where I am today, and\u00ad my success in the industry helped me start other projects and businesses. I don't listen to just one genre, so my music collection and playlists reflect all types of artists and music.
Nora Ephron Inspirational Quotes. While the Academy Award-winning writer and director Nora Ephron has passed away after battling a form of leukemia, she leaves
Insufficient Vitamin D Linked With Increased Weight In Older Women. The Journal of Women's Health study was conducted in about 4,600 older women, ages 65 and older. The researchers said that
Engage With Empathy. To effectively engage patients and caregivers, it is critical that health care providers engage with empathy. With empathy we connect, we understand, we listen, and we communicate. We can engage and empower our patients to be proactive and in charge of their health.
Is This Love or Emotional Dependency?. If you are so attached to someone that you feel you can't live without that person, try learning to give to yourself and others what it is you want from this person. Your job is to become the person to yourself that you want the other person to be.
Freeze Fresh Food. By Jen\u00e9 Luciani for Shape.com When we're doing that weekly purge of spoiled foods in the fridge, it seems like we're tossing
Those With Addiction Neglected by U.S. Medical System. Addiction is the most neglected disease in the United States medical system.  Disagree with this statement?  Consider the following.
Fearless Quote Of The Day #FQOTD. Source
The Act of Blessing. While blessings won't feed the hungry or end wars or assuage greed, they can serve as a balm to help make connections beyond what separates us.
How to Always Respond With Right Action?. When not present, we are in ego.  Our perceptions and experiences are distorted by judgments that have more to do with our past then our present.
Marketing Creativity. Most of the artists I work with beam when they talk about their creative journeys. To hear them describe their experiences singing, dancing, and acting feels like witnessing Christmas morning or a surprise birthday party.
Brain Scans May Detect Signs Of Autism At Age 2. A new study suggests that the widely used medical test called an electroencephalogram (EEG) may be able to diagnose children
Is It Really Better to Give Than Receive?. As I considered my relationship with giving, I realized the issue is not with giving too much but with receiving too little, a common problem in our society.
Low Glycemic Foods, Explained. \I think a message of eating more whole grains, fruits, vegetables and high-fiber foods is a much better and easier measure
How Effective Is Your Resting Place To Create What Moves Heart And Soul?. Always fascinated by creative activity, and what flowers from it, I have discovered a few simple steps to get things moving again, all having to do with cultivating an effective resting place to utilize creative imagination in a more constructive way.
'Dessert Breakfast' Diet. The study, which was presented at the Endocrine Society's 94th Annual Meeting in Houston, involved 193 men and women who
Man Dies After Going 11 Days Without Sleep. In closely-watched experiments, people have been able to stay awake for eight to 10 days straight, Scientific American reported
A Holistic Approach to Health in Early Recovery. I've found that the proper diet, along with targeted vitamin supplementation, can work miracles in the lives of early recovering addicts and alcoholics.
Spring Your Way Into Your Leanest, Sexiest Self. Whatever season approaches, you want to look fabulous. But particularly during warmer weather you want to become your leanest, sexiest self because you're baring more of yourself.
Finding Hope, Part I. I am trying to create a gift. A gift for my friend. He is 38. He is in love. He will marry in three weeks' time. I am 38. I am not in love. I have been separated 21 months.
Conquering Adult Acne. By YouBeauty.com Like leg warmers, bouffants and stirrup pants, acne is supposed to be a thing of the past -- like a distant
Meditation Tips. Have you ever wondered what this life is all about? What are we really doing with our lives? What are we supposed to be doing? What is our role?
If Nothing Changes, Nothing Changes. Only the young in spirit (and preferably years) can do justice to a '20s frock! A little plaque with this message is attached
Survivorship for Dummies. More people are getting cancer and more are surviving it. The costs of survivorship -- financial, physical, psychological, social, emotional -- affect not only survivors and their families, but our country and our communities.
Adopting an Exotic Bird. Exotic birds may make wonderful companions for knowledgeable, dedicated owners who have the time and other resources required to ensure the best possible quality of life for their pets.
Man's Best Friend Has Become a Bedbug's Worst Enemy. Since the pesky little critters known as bedbugs are infesting homes, offices, and hotels from New York to California, detection has become more and more difficult. However, there are alternative solutions to bedbug detection, including using man's best friend.
Why Can't Meters Tell Me My Blood Sugar?. Despite new advances in medical technology, those of us with diabetes are still checking our blood sugar levels on glucose meters that are allowed to be anywhere within 20 percent accuracy 95 percent of the time.
What You Expect From Other People Is Most Often What You'll Get. The secret of the ages is to learn to have great expectations with a very low attachment to the outcome. If you can achieve this, you will discover what true inner peace means.
A Letter to Those Going Through Trauma. If you act with love and use that as your compass, regardless of the challenge you may be facing, however dark, deep and painful it may be, eventually love will circle back. It may have a funny way of navigating back to you, but it eventually does.
Day 1 of Residency. As this is the season for spanking-new physician trainees to flood hospitals around the U.S., I decided to chronicle my own very first 24 hours as a doctor so the reader can get a better insight into this annual event.
Addiction. The National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse at Columbia University released a report on addictions today that is remarkably comprehensive and even more remarkably honest in portraying the virtually utter failure to identify and effectively treat addiction in the U.S.
The Supreme Court and Health Reform. As we wait on the U.S. Supreme Court's decision on the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, I find myself focusing on the meaning of full repeal to a limited but growing part of U.S. health care
The Tribe On Being A Working Woman (VIDEO). What lessons have you learned about fear and fearlessness? Comment below, or tweet us all about it @HealthyLiving using the
Yoga Therapy in Practice. I find myself standing in what appears to be a contradiction
Is Your Life a Non-Stop Drama?. How do you rate when it comes to dramas? Does your day, if not your life, seem like a nonstop palaver? Are there never-ending to-do lists, calamities to be fixed or obstacles to be overcome? And is there any way out of this dilemma?
Love Versus Fear. When it comes to love versus fear, the only way to is through. In other words, I must first acknowledge and allow myself
The Paralyzing Fear of Becoming What They Think You Are. Basically, when one encounters a sufficiently difficult task which somehow relates to a negative stereotype of your group
Healthy Salad Dressing. Last week, researchers from Purdue University released a study that showed why fat is an essential part of any salad. They
Fix Your Form. For more on fitness and exercise, click here. Photos by Damon Dahlen, AOL That's why we asked John Romaniello, trainer, author
Diet Type Changes Quantity Of Calories Burned. \The results indicate that from a metabolic perspective, all calories are not alike,\ paper co-author Dr. David Ludwig, director
Looking At Junk Food Makes You Feel Hungry, Study Confirms. Recently, a study presented at the annual SLEEP 2012 conference found that sleep deprivation could also trigger junk food
Moving on From Being Dark and Twisty. Never take for granted the feeling of happiness -- because pure happiness is something that can only be created within.
Shorter Workouts Yield Better Results (VIDEO). When it comes to exercise, too much working out can actually prevent you from reaching your goals. Studies show that shorter
How Storytelling Shapes Your Self-Perception. Stories are the soundtrack of our lives. It's not without coincidence that all the great religions of the world have a book of stories. Stories remind us of who we are and who we want to be.
Hospice Care. Vigil volunteers receive special training and are part of a team that works in shifts, to be there for the patient when doctors or other caregivers have determined that death is imminent -- usually within 24 or 48 hours.
Elder Care. For the young and able-bodied, online networking is an invaluable tool of commerce, social life and entertainment. For those whose social circles have diminished because of age, illness or limited mobility, social networking can be a bridge out of isolation and depression.
Coffee Heart Benefits May Be Greater Than Thought, Journal Finds. \You get to the truth in small steps,\ Ross said. \This is really just a first step looking more directly at how caffeine
Weighing in on Sugary Beverages and Obesity. Significantly reducing sugar-sweetened beverage consumption is a key component in solving America's obesity crisis.
Nutrition Tips. By Tina Haupert When I first started losing weight, I thought salads were a \safe\ choice since they were made with lots
Trust a Veg Researcher? Nestle Says No, Barnard Says Yes. (Video). What's a researcher to do when results call for a personal makeover? I thought the obvious answer was \learn and adapt.\
QUIZ. When it comes to leading a healthy lifestyle, the first and most important step is self-education. Not only is it crucial
Sleep And Longevity. 2. You Stay Fitter As we wrote in Sleep More and Fit Into Your Skinny Jeans, sleep helps you manage your weight. Consistently
Anxiety's a B*tch!. I'm passionate about having a frank discussion about anxiety and opening up the dialogue. For those who suffer with it, please know that you're not alone. Think of it as your body's way of telling you that you've either over-done it or you're heading in the wrong direction.
Are You a Fire Type? Plus. Summer is officially upon us. You may be noticing yourself having more energy, feeling more social, or experiencing all-around better moods. This is normal for this time of year, when, from an acupuncture perspective, the \yang\ aspects of a person are at their peak.
The Sweetness of Life. What creates joy is the capacity -- and choice -- to consciously take note of and pause in the face of the good things in life, the little moments of joy that are happening right under our nose.
Weight Loss Success. How I Gained It
What Do You Do? Identity vs. Work, East vs. West. A while back, when I was visiting my mother's ancestral village in Thai Binh province in northern Vietnam, it occurred to me that, after a barrage of questions from distant relatives, not once did anyone ask that common question in America
What's Your Cup of Choice?. Thank you, Mayor Bloomberg, for bringing this proposal to the city of New York.  Thank you to the New York City Board of Health for approving public hearings for awareness, no matter what the outcome.
Foods For Longevity. The more we learn, the clearer it is that longevity isn't just about our genetic heritage. Instead we can control many of
Menopause and Estrogen. It's been 10 years since one of the most significant papers in women's health was published -- a study on the risks and benefits of estrogen plus progestin in healthy postmenopausal women.
Approved Pathway for Biosimilars Must Be Patient-Focused. The U.S. pharmaceutical industry has worked hard to become an international leader in the production of biotech drugs. But as the nation introduces these medicines, we need to ensure that safety protocols are in place -- so that every patient has the opportunity to get healthy.
50 Shades of Mindful Eating. Eating mindfully is a shade of grey, not a black or white extreme of overeating or dieting/restriction. When you are eating mindfully, my clients, readers and friends find that they naturally ramp up the pleasure and minimize the pain.
Having the Right Stuff. As hard as it is to hear, each and every one of us is exactly where we are supposed to be in our lives at any moment.  As we grow, evolve, and live, we go through so much -- and the tapestry of our lives is never just about happy or sad.
Soul-Talk. Everyday, run-of-the-mill negativity abounds, from greed and corruption to negative emotions, judgments, and plain old nastiness. And yet some part of us keeps on getting up one more time than we stumble and fall.
Alex Trebek's Mild Heart Attack. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, about one in four deaths in the United States in 2008 was caused
Ellie Krieger On Healthy Snacks And How To Learn To Love Cooking. Ellie is one of our all-time favorite healthy chefs. She's smart, down to earth, realistic (in that she knows we all don't
6 Keys to Rebooting Your Heart Drive. It is through listening, attention and willingness to engage in the most vital energy of our lives, our hearts, that that we reboot our heart drives.
Cities' Efforts To Make Exercise Easier Pays Off. Fitness is often a combination of personal choice and environmental support, experts say, and a ranking of the 50 healthiest
The Body Politic. The best defenses of the human body reside largely, and often inextricably, with the body politic. Public health is for the public -- and is best advanced by the collective efforts of the public.
Mosquito Bite Remedies. Here's how your mosquito bite remedies measure up
Generic Adderall. Analysts at Jefferies said the Food and Drug Administration's approval of the first abbreviated new drug application had
Milkweeds and Monarchs. For more from Maria Rodale, go to www.mariasfarmcountrykitchen.com I decided to let it stay, even though the milkweed got
Four Guidelines to Dealing With Alzheimer's Disease. Even the most giving, skilled, and loving family caregiver can get overwhelmed rather quickly. And not every family member is hard-wired to be a caregiver. Lighten up on yourself, and keep your expectations reasonable.
Why Are Women So Afraid of Mice?. I am not afraid of much.  I have hiked through the Andes and the Himalayas, zip-lined through a Mexican jungle, driven on motorcycles far too fast.  I have given birth to three children and beaten off two separate muggers intent on grabbing my purse.
Moderate Alcohol Consumption Linked With Higher Quality Of Life. If you or someone you know is struggling with alcohol problems or addiction, call the National Council on Alcoholism and
Papa's Gift of a More-Optimistic Future. Papa is neither wealthy nor famous.  I suspect his name has never appeared in a newspaper.  Again and again, he climbs a flight of stairs to reach the humble second-story condominium in which he has lived for the last 40 years.
Douglas Case Points to a Better Way for Those Affected by Addiction. When an alternative to incarceration is not possible, the criminal justice system must make available prison-based treatment programs, including peer-to-peer support, addiction counseling, cognitive behavioral therapy and psycho-pharmacology.
My Fearless Wife. I play the \what if\ games. What do I do if she gets hurt? What do I do if she has to hurt somebody? What do I do if she doesn't come home at all? In my mind, I have tended my wife's wounds, both physical and psychic. I have eulogized my wife and raised our yet-to-be-born child.
Moderate Exercise Can Lower Breast Cancer Risk. The study, published in the journal CANCER, included 1,504 women who had breast cancer (233 of them had noninvasive breast
The Quest For The Perfect Mattress. When I can't sleep, I blame red wine, lack of exercise, caffeine after noon or being stressed out. My mind never goes to
Is it Rationing? Cancer Screening and Clinical Uncertainty. The dilemma for PSA screening and many other tests and treatments is that there's no science-based way to know whether holding back constitutes \rationing\ for particular patients.
The High Heel Foot Fracture. The midfoot arch is particularly susceptible to injury when wearing high heels. The foot is not designed to function in this position, so when one trips or falls in high heels there can be excessive force placed on the midfoot, causing it to break or dislocate.
Red Cross Blood Donation Shortage. \There is always the chance that a physician could postpone an elective surgery if the needed blood products aren't readily
Finger Lickin' Good. Don't get me wrong, I admire elegance and have an appreciation of the finer things in life. But to me, beauty lies in simplicity. I don't need the fillers, additives, excessive amounts of sugars, fats, salts and other measures taken to taint the natural goodness of real food.
10 Ways to Eat Clean. When the seasons change, I get inspired to take a close look at my eating habits and simplify my diet by eating the things that really make my body feel best. Here are 10 healthy eating habits I am focusing on right now to detox my diet.
De-Stress By (Temporarily) Disconnecting!. For one (waking) hour a day, I am now electronics-free. I turn off my phone (oh the horror!), my laptop and my TV. It doesn't much matter what I do during that hour; just knowing that I have that time just for me, that no one can disturb, is relaxing in itself. To recharge, sometimes we have to unplug.
Get Passionate About Your Memory. One of the most powerful messages coming out of the brain fitness science these days is that having intellectual passions is a major factor in any good brain fitness plan.
Respect Trumps Wealth For Being Happy. Cue Aretha
Is Meditation Self-Indulgent?. Meditation is complete indulgence in the experience of the present moment. We often think of indulgent behavior as being morally wrong, which it can be when it comes at the expense of a deeper connectedness.
What's in Your God Box?. Last month, I had the deep pleasure of speaking with award-winning women's marketing expert and now playwright, author and actor Mary Lou Quinlan about her new book, play and programs called The God Box Project.
Heat Wave Exercise. One question the researchers did not explore is what, if any, is the inherent connection between warm weather and exercise
WATCH. In this exclusive AOL video, the witty and irrepressible Simon Doonan -- TV personality, Barneys creative ambassador and
First-Job Fears. Memories of that first job help me with my \firsts\ to this day. Whenever I'm the new girl, I think back to that first terrifying shift at Long John's when I felt so totally at sea (har!), and then I fast-forward to how quick and efficient I was at the end of my Long John's tenure. If you do something once, you can definitely do it again.
14 Types Of Headaches And How To Treat Them. By Tammy Worth If you think about it, it's strange that headaches even exist. The brain itself can't feel pain, so what gives
Oprah and Caroline Myss. It seems that we never run out of ways to explore who we really are at the core of our inner being. Each new question we ask has the potential to open yet another passageway into the depths of our souls.
More Options, More Problems. A relentless quest to accumulate more options might be sabotaging your career and harming your well-being. Here's why.
Tai Chi Boosts Brain Functioning, Study Suggests. \The ability to reverse this trend with physical exercise and increased mental activity implies that it may be possible to
Under the Influence of Joy. In every dark moment there exists its opposite. Continue to hang on and know you have the strength within you to find joy.  It is there -- I promise.
How To Make A Strength Training Plan (And Stick To It!). Log all workouts. Keeping track of sets, reps, and exercises is crucial for noting progress and identifying when it\u2019s time
Outdoor Exercise. A 2011 study found that outdoor exercise was associated with greater decreases in tension, confusion, anger and depression
5 Small Practices For BIG Confidence. Everyone recognizes that confidence is attractive. Subtle, genuine confidence projected outward in a healthy body is magnetic
Tools For Dealing With The Fear Of Success. It is safe to say most of us have some fear of failure. It makes sense. No one wants to be defeated, let down, or embarrassed.  Interestingly enough, fear of success is the other side of the same coin.
Billie Jean King To Young Women On Title IX. On the lack of opportunities in women's sports
Americans Are More Insecure About Their Food. Americans have less confidence in the quality and safety of their food supply than they had in years, according to a survey by the International Food Information Council (IFIC).
How to Overcome Apology-Phobia. Given our propensity for hurting each other -- usually inadvertently through our clumsiness or our being inconsiderate -- getting good at apologizing should be standard-issue emotional equipment for membership in the human race. And it is. Any one can do it.
Start Writing. Which stories do I tell? Believing. Can you walk one-half hour a day? Dare to write stories and poems and thoughts and insights
Freedom in Prison. We can each discover what lives freely, both inside and outside. We can recognize what is at peace, regardless of particular circumstances. We can find ourselves in all.
ASCO, Where Have You Been?  It's Time to Recognize Cognitive Issues in Your Patient Consent Document. If the professional association that sets standards for oncologists doesn't seem to concern itself with timely disclosures, is it any wonder that clinicians in their hospital and community practices dismiss their patients' concerns as frivolous?
Insomniacs Commonly Watch Online TV, Multitask With Technology. Resonate researchers found that people with insomnia had a 30 percent increased risk of spending 40+ hours online each week
Fit Links. You know it's important to understand what exactly you're feeding your body, but that doesn't make nutrition labels any easier
DYK. Many people aren't even aware of how little they move in the course of a day. Our lives have become very simplified by technology. Consequently, it is absolutely essential that you become more aware of your daily activity.
Where Love Lives In The Brain. Meanwhile, love activates a part of the brain that plays a role in pairing value with these rewarding or pleasurable things
6 Steps to a Perfect Summer Workout. The perfect workout involves more than just heading to the gym, picking up some dumbbells or hopping on a cardio machine, and working up a sweat. If you incorporate these six steps into your workout, your body will respond by becoming fitter faster, with less discomfort for you!
Weight Loss Success. Got a success story of your own? Send it to us at success.stories@huffingtonpost.com and you could be featured on the site
Why Doctors Should Shoot. Maybe when our new flock of medical students -- many of them immersed in all sorts of humanities programs -- become full-fledged doctors, we will no longer have the curbside conversations about inhumanities in medicine. That will be a relic of the past.
Bone Density May Predict Cognitive Decline. If a woman has low bone density, the new study results suggest that discussing estrogen treatment with their physician may be a useful option, especially if she is relatively early in the postmenopausal stage.
Beating the Body Image Blues. Bad body image is an epidemic. But it is possible to recover; and if you are one of the millions of people who are plagued with the body image blues, here are some tips for you.
'Never Good Enough' -- Coming Soon to a Neurotic Near You. At the core of many neurotics is an inability to comfort, calm, reassure or feel good about themselves and needing those to come from someone else.
Lessons From a Boiling Frog. You add one thing, then another, and then another. While each individual activity may be worthwhile, the collective total makes you feel like you're thrashing around in a hot pot 24/7.
Tyrannosaurus Sex, Harmonica Yoga, and Other Odd Couplings. For many of us, unuseful fight-or-flight or desire responses distract us or disrupt our attention -- or even affect our behavior -- numerous times throughout the day, during business meetings, lunch, while we're trying to fall asleep, or talk to a friend.
Cooperation. Cooperation, the second law of spirit, is the proverbial wisdom of making lemonade when you have lemons. The key to cooperation is working with what is present rather than working against it with negative expressions of dissatisfaction, judgment, denial, and resistance.
Meditation Tips. Practice seeing everyone as a 1-year-old. The innocence and purity that will emerge in you will brighten your day and give you a new perspective on how you view even those who do you wrong.
What Is the Best Emotion?. A few weeks ago, I wrote a post about what I thought was the worst possible emotion. But it occurred to me that as long as I'm thinking about emotions, I should also nominate what I believe to be the best possible emotion.
Coping With the Death of Your Pet. Grief can be a confusing experience for children. The death of a pet is often the first time children are subjected to such sorrow.
Should You Make Up or Break Up?. Remember
Veterans, Trauma and Yoga. Yoga is being offered in some VA medical centers to help address unmet mental health needs. In fact, a recent study found that nearly 30 percent of Specialized PTSD Treatment Programs offer yoga as a treatment option. But is this enough? Are we moving fast enough?
Light At Night Bad For Health, Doctors Say. Top 10 Spooky Sleep Disorders 5 Ways the Time Change May Affect Your Health Nighttime Gadget Use Interferes with Young Adults
Sugar In Soda. Sugary drinks are all over the news lately. From New York City Mayor Bloomberg's proposed ban of the sale of super-sized
4 Summer House Party Tips. by guest blogger Maya Rodale,\u00a0writer of historical\u00a0tales of true love and adventure We just don't celebrate, socialize, and
You Tried It. Welcome to \You Tried It,\ a series of video posts from top trainers, who will share clips from their popular workout DVDs
Yoga for Lifers. They were freedom yogis, practicing to find liberation behind bars. Imagine how confronting and challenging -- and how meaningful and transformative -- it would be to show up to your yoga mat every day if you were in jail for life.
Spiritual Sex. I have just returned from Peru and there is so much to share about my two weeks in this incredibly beautiful country. However, what I really want to write about is a bit of what I learned about their cosmologies.
Oprah's Weight Loss. The mix of fruits, veggies, fish, chicken and lean meat prepared by her chef still leaves her feeling full, according to
'No One Is Brave In All Circumstances'. The essence of courage is overcoming fear. We appear to be so in need of heroes these days that anyone who puts on a uniform or performs competently is accorded hero status. Gone is the concept of choosing to assume a risk on behalf of another.
A Life Unknown. We need to be honest with ourselves and understand that it is okay to seek the pat on the back, the handshake, or the award from our peers. Selfishness and selflessness hold hands and walk a very narrow road.
Putting It on Your Skin Does Let It in. Since we know without debate that some chemicals can and do enter your bloodstream through topical application, I you're better off doing your best to avoid all known harmful chemicals on the chance they are entering your bloodstream.
Military to Hold Conference on Escalating Suicides; Drugs Not Allowed. Suicides and personal violence in the military have continued to escalate since some of us first began warning about these problems and their relationship to the simultaneously escalating prescription of psychiatric drugs to active duty soldiers.
6 Things All The Best Workouts Have In Common. By Jessica Smith for Shape.com Experts reveal how to spot the signs of an effective fitness plan. For more on fitness and
Envy and Jealousy. The mean, green monster is an opportunity to grow.  If it visits your door, face it head on and heed its message.  It's the quickest way through it.
Never Too Late. The next time you think about grabbing a bag of chips and sitting on the couch, remember it is never too late to jumpstart your fitness -- no matter your age, weight, size or workout history.
10 Tips for Quickly Relieving Stress. It's helpful to have a few stress-busting techniques to reach for when stress starts to creep up on you and take you hostage. Here are a few of my favorite busters. Try them yourself and see if you find them as helpful for relieving stress as I do.
5 Tips For A Stress-Free Marathon. The day you run a marathon, the hardest work is already done. Months of long runs, tempo workouts and more mileage than you
The Problem Is Relative. Numerous studies have shown that the general public has exaggerated perceptions of the health risks they face -- as well as exaggerated expectations of the benefit of medical care.
Are We Addicted to Being an Enabler?. We are not doing our loved ones a service by living in fear of their threats, trying to be best buds, believing this time will be different or too lazy to do anything about their actions.
How Much Is Yoga Worth?. The GLBL Yoga crowd-funding expedition, culminating with a hoped-for 15,000 yogis converging on Central Park in August, is on the receiving end of a lot of controversy.
Soda Ban Should Be Start Of More Limits On Unhealthy Food, Diabetes Doctors Say. Belgium, Ireland, Romania, Italy and the United Kingdom have considered similar measures as obesity rates among their citizens
TEDxStudioCityED. TEDxStudioCityED was a powerful event with a select group of top leaders on blending self-regulation, technology, and education. I was thrilled and touched to be included in the line-up of speakers, and delighted to tie everything together in my talk.
Reform the Farm Bill. by guest blogger, Susan Prolman, of the National Sustainable Agriculture Coalition There's more good news, though. Several
How Does One Overcome Anxiety?. No matter what you did, no matter what your thoughts may have been, no matter how rage-filled or confused you may be, or
Negotiating With an Emotional Terrorist. I've known an inordinate number of people who have learned to seek refuge in being careful, who see being nice to people who are incapable of returning the kindness as a way of protecting themselves.
Traffic Noise Could Raise Heart Attack Risk. A new study in the journal PLoS ONE shows that, specifically, every additional 10 decibels of noise from traffic noise is
Summer Solstice. Happy summer! The summer solstice (usually June 21, but this year June 20) marks the longest day of the year, seemingly endless
Surviving Quadruple Bypass Surgery. I came to the hospital expecting to have a stent placed in my heart. By the time it was over, I had undergone quadruple bypass open heart surgery. At one point the chief surgeon told my brother that it might be a good idea to says his goodbyes.
Do You Need More Pleasure?. In order to process my cancer, I'm attempting to heal emotionally and spiritually what is dysfunctional within me physically, I've written a book about my relationships with men. Included in this expose is my relationship to sexuality.
The Truth About Non-Suicidal Self-Injury. The very idea that someone would intentionally physically hurt himself -- to feel better -- is something that many people find difficult to understand, even unfathomable.  But the reality is that non-suicidal self-injury is much closer to home than you might think.
Move It or Lose It. I define the Tin Man effect simply with the old expression \Move it or lose it.\ In this case, the less you move physically, the more you lose in health.
Dopamine Plays Role In Regulating Sleep, Researchers Find. Researchers from the University of Barcelona and the Centro de Investigacion Biomedica en Red de Enfermedades Neurodegenerativas
Multiple Sclerosis. I didn't know anything about multiple sclerosis (MS) 6.5 months ago.  On Dec. 8, 2011 I got a crash course when my 18-year-old daughter had a severe sudden onset that paralyzed her on her left side, and left her blind in her left eye and unable to speak or swallow.
Learning to Let Go From Eisenhower. I cannot create success, but I can create the conditions favorable for success and then allow those conditions to come to fruition as and when they want to.
Weight Loss Success. Name
Bad Breath. Here's a lexicon -- but by no means comprehensive one -- list of the causes of bad breath, both rare and common. Some of these problems have even appeared in the news recently.
The Truth on Lying. Traditional psychological theories have considered a close relationship with truth as an essential ingredient of mental health.  We're no longer so sure.
Sunscreen Safety... What's the Bottom Line?. As a melanoma survivor and sunscreen manufacturer, I spend a lot of time thinking about sunscreen.
Trending on Yahoo. I knew it was big news when I saw \calcium supplements\ trending on my Yahoo browser. When was the last time you saw a dietary supplement up there with Kanye West and the other celebs you may or may not recognize? Not often, I bet.
Be The Change You Wish To See. Everything you need to know about being fearless you can learn from watching children. They play with each other without ever knowing each other's names. They run, jump, climb, fall down and get right back up again. They are also our greatest teachers.
Cancer, a New View. We don't shy away from the fact that there are soldiers who come home from battle only to take their own lives. Why don't we talk more about the casualties of modern-day cancer treatments?
Should We Listen to Our Doctors?. We alone are responsible for our own health.  Physicians are guides, but we all need to feel more entitled to direct our medical care.
Workout CD Giveaway. To mix things up a little, I worked with a dozen indie bands and DJs from a variety of genres to make a different sort of workout compilation.
The 10 Best Foods For Your Hair. By Angela Haupt for U.S. News Health If you start a hair-healthy diet today, you'll likely see improvements within six months
$100 Million Needed for Alzheimer's Research in 2013 Budget. Nearly 80 million baby boomers are starting to reach the age when they begin noticing and joking about memory challenges. For those with a family history of Alzheimer's disease, their middle-aged pauses are no joke but a cause for concern.
Dust Mites in Your Bed? Allergens in Your Home? We Have Solutions!. My latest concern, likely in response to some incessant commercials on the subject, is the existence of disgusting, invisible dust mites that camp out in our mattresses, living off our skin flakes (yuck!) and generally up to no good.
The Purpose of the Teacher. Our stories and our history can either keep us down or set us free. They can be the hammer that nails us to our darkness or the switch that sends us into the light.
New Study Explains Why Doctor's May Be Apprehensive To Recommend Weight Loss And Exercise. Physicians with a normal BMI were more likely to believe that they should serve as role models to their patients in regards to maintaining healthy weight-related behaviors and performing regular exercise.
The Soul of an Artist. We are here to create. But we cannot create from the soul of who we are unless we cultivate an awe and faith in something larger and more powerful than our contempt for our own imperfect self-expression and our fear of ridicule.
Adventures of a Lady in Rock. Once I eliminated gluten, all of my other food sensitivities started to subside, and I started to feel better. I even quit drinking, cut way back on coffee, and started to meditate, something I never thought I could do for more than 30 seconds.
What Would You Do if You Could Take a Year Off?. People who \enjoy life\ don't necessarily find it with more money.\u00a0 Enjoyment of life generally includes\u00a0being socially connected, having fun, and feeling a sense of purpose.
Todd And Colin, Father And Son, Walking Across America To Lose Weight. For the full report on Todd and Colin, watch the KYTX report above. Earlier this month, Reverend Corey Booker announced that
Kyprolis. Panel members said the drug gave people another option to try to beat back the disease. A panel of outside advisers to the
Who Is on Your Ark?. Give me any area of your life, and I will show you how human relationships are at the core of your happiness in that area.
Sun Sensitivity Linked To Decreased Pancreatic Cancer Risk, Study Suggests. The researchers suggested that vitamin D levels may have soothing to do with it -- since sun exposure prompts our bodies
Dust From Dog-Owning Homes Linked With Lower Asthma Risk. Dogs aren't just man's best friend. Previous studies have shown that kids with dogs are less likely to develop asthma. Now
Just Breathe. Read more on Pacific Standard IN THE SPRING OF 1985 THINGS STARTED TO GO WRONG. Curious about the roots of meditative practice
LOOK. The stress and strains of our always-connected lives can sometimes take us off course. GPS For The Soul can help you find
Polio Eradication At Risk By Funding Shortfall. \But it will not happen if the programme remains so desperately under-financed,\ Liam Donaldson, the independent board's
Lone Star Tick Bites Linked With Meat Allergy. For more on the allergy, watch the ABC News report above. CNN reported that more than 1,500 people have so far been affected
'Sleep Benefit' Experienced By Some Parkinson's Patients. Parkinson's disease is characterized by tremors, muscle stiffness and movement problems, according to the Mayo Clinic. \Sleep
Heavy Cell Phone And Computer Use Could Impair Sleep, Research Suggests. The researchers suggested that people unplug more to decrease the risk for these sleep problems and mental issues. Researchers
Belated Letter To A Teen Who Mattered. Was I too busy to walk across the field that separated us and tell you that I cared? I'm not sure whether I hate myself more for thinking that or for knowing that I was scared to reach out to you. I worried about interfering in someone else's business, and I worried that it would be weird to have this older woman, someone else's mom, step into your life.
Is Respect Key to Creating Greatness?. Wise actions flow naturally from the right principles.    When respect directs our daily choices, all our interactions are in harmony with our greater good.   Respect for ourselves, one another, and for life itself should be at our core lighting the path for us.
5 Apps for a Smart Brain. They don't call it a \smartphone\ for nothing. Your phone is the perfect tool to keep you mentally sharp both in the short term and in the long run. Get smart by downloading these apps today.
The Vibrant Vegan Life of an Obesity Survivor. I'm not perfect, but what's wonderful about eating a plant-based diet is, I don't have to be. What has happened over the years is that feeling good has become its own addiction. I like it. I want to feel even better.
It's All About Muscle. \Frustrated\ is the first word that I hear all the time from clients who are trying to build muscle. You've been hitting the gym for a few months now trying to \get big\ or tone your body, but aren't seeing results.
One for All. I was privileged and honored to deliver the keynote address recently at a local high school graduation. My marching orders were to deliver a generally inspiring exhortation on being selfless and giving back in seven minutes or less.
Medication or Meditation. What we believe colors our every thought, word and action. The idea that it is our work, family or lifestyle that is causing us stress, and that if we were to change these then we would be fine, is seeing the situation from the wrong perspective.
Experts Say Wear Your Diabetes Detectives Badge on the Left. When a patient with diabetes has elevated blood sugar levels, if that patient plays detective for a couple of minutes and looks for clues that may have caused the high or low, he or she will usually be able to figure it out.
The Science Of Worrying. When it comes to emotions, by all means talk about them. Be open, honest. But I think with these quicksand issues -- these dead horses we've been beating for years, whether with a partner or inside ourselves -- we're something like patients with OCD.
Meditation Tips. When we increase real, pure love, we increase self worth, balance, power, and truth inside the self. When I am in that state, a natural sense of worth and authenticity returns and a deep memory that \I am love\ and \I am free\ emerges.
Your Genius Zone Is Nearby. The \genius zone\ is always nearby, partly because it is inside each person. The trouble is that the doorway to it is a moving target. When the door does open, it is often because the heart and mind have become connected
I Turned My Dog Into a Knickknack. Bernie's cancer went into remission, and he survived to meet my daughter. Then, amazingly, he held on to his remission to meet my son 20 months later. But living that long wasn't easy on him, and it took its toll on us, too.
The Calm Brain. Tapping into the vagus nerve helps us achieve both brain and body health, which is the right balance between relaxation and stress. But how do we tap into the vagus and increase its activity?
3 Ways to Stop Complaining! Because You're Stressing Me Out.... While there certainly are uncontrollable parts about life, the reality is that the majority of your life is the direct result of the decisions you have or haven't made.
For Relaxation, Try Chanting the Chakra Vowels!. We were certainly in the know about stress reduction and relaxation. And yet, I realized in those last days of class that I hadn't yet shared with my students one of my favorite ways of eliminating stress
Rhinovirus Infection Common Even Among Those Without Symptoms. Over those two years, researchers recorded 167 instances of a cold-like illness; 54 percent of people who reported having
Clinically Dead. Recently, ABC News reported on research from British scientists suggesting that people may still have consciousness even
ThermDox. Celsion shares closed up 3.7 percent to $2.22 on Tuesday, after trading as high as $2.32. \We believe we can be the best
Fix Your Form. If you don't know your way around a weight room, heading to the gym can be intimidating -- and even dangerous. But paying
Doctors Are Missing Kidney Disease in Those Most at Risk. Many people don't realize that both diagnosed and undiagnosed diabetes can severely damage the kidneys. In fact, chronic kidney disease is one of the most common complications of diabetes.
Dirty Dozen. Still, even the researchers who conducted the pesticide exposure studies don't recommend giving up the \Dirty Dozen\ outright
New Insight Into The Fear Of Aging. There's no cure for growing old, but your attitude about what's important and how you feel about aging can depend in part
Frank And Wilma, New Zealand Couple, Thousands In Debt After Spending On Bucket List After Cancer Misdiagnosis. Earlier this month, another cancer misdiagnosis led to a woman losing her jaw. The 63-year-old New Zealand woman actually
Jennifer Langione's GPS Guide. The stress and strains of our always-connected lives can sometimes take us off course. GPS For The Soul can help you find
Jennifer Langione's GPS Guide. The stress and strains of our always-connected lives can sometimes take us off course. GPS For The Soul can help you find
Practicing Positive Character Traits Could Boost Well-Being. The study included 178 adults, who were split up into three groups. The first group was told to practice character traits
Our 4th 'Most Fearless Tweet' Finalist! (PHOTOS). On May 3, HuffPost Becoming Fearless and Toyota Corolla teamed up to announce Toyota Corolla's Most Fearless Tweet Contest
My YOLO Moment. I learned that getting the right answers is, very often, a matter of first figuring out the right questions. Reframing my future in this way opened up opportunities I never dreamed of.
Professor John Seed's 10 Steps to Stress-Free Artistic and Creative Development. Of course we all need criticism to guide us, and a healthy creative process has to include a time to solicit, consider and absorb criticism.  However, there is real value in banishing criticism -- including self-criticism -- as you establish your creative process.
Getting a Massage. As a licensed massage practitioner (and an ardent massage customer for years before that), I've lived both sides of the massage transaction. Here are some pointers for getting the most out your experience.
Couple Sleep Is Best -- Here's How to Make it Even Better!. Snoring is the No. 1 factor that leads to partner disturbance as ribs are poked and shoulders are punched to force the offending partner roll over. Here are five tips to solve mild to moderate snoring.
ADHD and Marriage. Melissa Orlov is a marriage consultant and one of the top experts in how ADHD affects relationships. \An evaluation is the gateway to a wide variety of resources that can help you improve your lives together.\
Food, Sex, Obesity and Weight Loss. We all know intuitively that there are powerful connections between eating and sex, and between sex and weight loss. All my clients, even those who initially deny it, will own up to this.
Love And Anxiety. In the end, fear is fear, and we either accept the task of working with it consciously and diligently or we walk away from loving, solid relationships with the erroneous belief that \It just didn't feel right. If it was right, I wouldn't have to work so hard.\
Healthy Soda Shines in the Midst of Sugar Epidemic. You have to do your research to know which ingredients are good and which will make you sick. Sugar and chemical sweeteners don't have any redeeming benefits for your body.  And you have to be the advocate for your body and its overall health.
Cortisol Switcharoo. When you're stressed, you initially feel the positive vibe of cortisol -- the rise of energy, the focus, the charge, the ascent. But here's the rub
Can New Bachelorette Emily Maynard Find Love Again?  Yes, She Can -- If She Follows These Steps. Here are six strategies that The Bachelorette's Emily Maynard can try that will get her in the right frame of mind to look for and find love again with someone new.
How Healthy Is Your Bedroom?. So, Did The Tips Help? My first priority after the experts left was to move the electronics off my nightstand. I also cleared
Top 10 Ways to Eat Well and Save Money. Healthy food is a fundamental building block for a healthy life.  For many of us, it takes some extra work and the building of new habits.  But it turns out you can do the right thing for your body -- and for your bank account.
Histrionic Personality Disorder Jerry Sandusky. However, Liz Spikol at The Philly Post pointed out that histrionic personality disorder may not even be recognized as an
Yoga May Help Breast Cancer Survivors. Current research reports that yoga practice can improve quality of life in women undergoing treatment for breast cancer. Yoga can also help promote sleep, boost energy and improve mental health.
Stop the Gadgets, I Want to Get Off!. Wherever we look, adults and children alike always seem to be on some type of gadget communicating, writing, or playing a game they downloaded from the \app store.\ Never before could we do this much shopping for free!
Why Some People Wear Sunglasses Indoors. Some people have medical reasons -- besides sun protection -- to wear their sunglasses both indoors and out
Meet Another Woman Who's Learned to Love Her Body. This woman, a world-renowned physician and bestselling author, came to body acceptance later in life, when she was 55. I was eager to ask this leading authority in the field of women's health and wellness to share her secrets to success.
Debunking the Theory of Mind. Bring up the word autism and you'll hear a great many theories. Simon Baron-Cohen is doing damage with a theory that was based on just 20 autistic participants.
The Cities With The Most Gyms And Fitness Centers. The survey, released last month by athletic apparel company Russell Athletic and fielded by Sperling's BestPlaces, ranked
Does Anyone Actually Sleep in the Hospital?. A new study shows that in a hospital setting, nocturnal noises can slow down the healing process. Ironic, isn't it?  The place where people go to heal may actually be set up to slow the healing process.
Weight Loss Success. Exercise is what energizes me now, and getting up at 5:15 to work out is usually not a problem, because I know how much better
Just Breathe!. Breathwork is a perfect healing tool for the 21st century. Why? Because it works so fast and efficiently, yielding immediate results and healing at every level
5 Myths That Stop Us From Achieving Our Goals. We tend to think mistakes get in the way of progress or, worse, mean failure. With small tasks, that's likely. But when it comes to thinking big and achieving something over time, error is an important part of the process.
New View, New You. The next time you walk around your house, take the time to really look. What do you own? Why do you own it? What does it say to you about who you were? What does it say to you about where you are going?
WATCH. Success has all kinds of repercussions
The Tao of Love, Sex and Anti-Aging. By focusing only on what we feel is lacking or what we need for our future, we put our present lives on hold or cause more delays because we are not connected to the present.
Stop and Hear the Music. Despite massive upheavals and not a lot of good news -- financial terror, vast corruption, and global and environmental disaster -- the world is still an infinitely magnificent place.
30-Day Summer Shape Up Challenge. We have one last workout to fine tune the machine that is your body. By now you are looking and feeling amazing and you are ready to take it to the next and final work out. Complete the exercises for one minute each, three times, with little to no rest.
Tips for Parents on Talking to Kids About Sexual Abuse. Once they reach a certain age, our children spend the majority of their waking hours away from us, and in the end it is incumbent upon them to know when to steer clear, when to say no, and, most importantly, when to speak up -- and loudly.
Long Commute Takes Away From Healthy Activities, Study Suggests. Brown University researchers found that spending an hour every day commuting (say, a half-hour commute there and back) means
Multiple Sclerosis. But he's not the only celebrity to receive a diagnosis or to lend his name to raising awareness for the disease. Below are
Stacey Comerford Kleine-Levin Syndrome. The Sun reports on the curious case of Stacey Comerford, who has Kleine-Levin Syndrome, or Sleeping Beauty Syndrome. People
Is Honesty The Best Policy When Giving Placebos To Patients?. Some physicians deceptively offer such treatments to demanding patients. The AMA says that\u2019s wrong, but critics argue that
Health Chief Struggles To Meet Physical Activity Goals. If breaking a sweat sometimes falls off your to-do list, take heart. California's top public health official is right there
Depression, Anxiety May Increase Risk Of Dying From Stroke. And just this month, a study presented at the SLEEP 2012 conference showed that middle- to older-aged people who regularly
Healthy Skin This Summer -- And Beyond. More from Health.com
Happy Father's Day! A Celebration Of Your Fit Dads. Fathers get a lot of flack for being lazy, couch-dwelling beer guzzlers, but the truth is that dear old dad is very often
Lessons From Dad. My dad's taught me a lot of things
When Cancer Calls. Although we cannot choose the challenges that come our way, we can choose whether we let fear or love have the upper hand.  We can choose to not increase suffering with stress and worry.
Films for Your Soul. Here, I share with you a four-minute excerpt from the film Echoes of Creation.  While you watch, you will have the opportunity to contemplate a dream of well-being for the fathers of our world.
Meditation Tips. When we meditate we aim to reduce the impact of \waste thoughts,\ allowing real genuine thinking to take over our mind. Negative and waste thoughts weaken our inner state of being, and positive and necessary enhance the soul's original inner power.
Fathers Help Their Children Develop Persistence, Study Shows. The researchers found that when a father practiced this kind of parenting, his child or children were more likely to have
12 Fit Celebrity Dads. Celebrities know that thousands (if not millions) of people are watching their every move, counting on them to inspire and
Father's Day Gift. In honor of Father's Day, here is a sneak peek at part of the first chapter of Rising Son about a 67-day, 2,500-mile bicycle adventure across Japan with my 8-year-old son Sho.
Is It a Friendly Universe?. We can change negative thinking into positive thinking and maybe free ourselves from the imprisonment of limited perception. It requires two main ingredients
One More Reason to Celebrate Father's Day. This Father's Day, the most important thing to me is to celebrate it with my children. As a father of two, I know the struggles that many families face in this tough economy and share in the hopes and desires for a better future for all our kids.
Father's Day Song -- My Old Man. It was from my father that I learned some essential health tips that impact my life even today.  As Father's Day approaches, it seems a good time to share them.
On You Being Psychic. Every now and then you likely get glimmers of your psychic ability in the form of \intuition.\ There is something you just \know\ or feel. Most of us commonly dismiss, diminish or ignore this awareness.
Words Can Change Your Life. Certain words can heighten your energy whereas others can dramatically lower it. I've come to realize that the word \worry\ is a prayer for chaos. Watch this video and learn how to use words to amplify your life.
Sleep Apnea Linked to Cancer. These two studies are the first to establish a link between OSA and cancer in humans. Previous studies have shown evidence of a relationship between cancer and sleep apnea in mice.
Easy Tricks to Feel Fabulous This Summer. Although summer brings warm weather and beach days, it may also lead to fad dieting and unhealthy habits. Don't be fooled by quick fixes that are temporary and leave you feeling dissatisfied.
Super Soul Sunday. Nothing is impossible to those that believe, and even the lowest plot points in our stories can be used to set us up for our greatest blessings.
Big Daddy Awards. I don't have kids and my own father died several years ago, so how do I spend my Father's Day weekend? I watch the U.S. Open without guilt, I won't stand in line for a Father's Day Brunch, and oh, I'll think about cancer.
WATCH. In this AOL Studios video, Captain Chesley \Sully\ Sullenberger talks about the journey that led him to write his new book
Transforming Work Fears Into Career Confidence (VIDEO). This is your chance to take a fearless inventory at work and discover if unresolved past experiences are negatively impacting your desired professional path. What do you want more and less of in your career? What is your ideal work environment? Get honest about how fearful you are in the workplace and how you can channel that into becoming more fearless!
Mindfulness Meditation Linked With Positive Brain Changes, Study Suggests. \This study demonstrates that changes in brain structure may underlie some of these reported improvements and that people
Are You a Perfectionist? Three Changes to Make Today. You may see your perfectionism as a motivator that propels you to do your best. But it's impossible to feel fulfilled when nothing ever feels good enough.
2012 U.S. Open Golf. But just how strenuous is a round of golf? An experiment conducted by Neil Wolkodoff of Denver's Rose Center for Health and
Should Father's Day Become 'Prostate Day'?. In recent years, focusing on prostate cancer has become a particularly popular way to give dad the gift of health on Father's
Magnesium Is Crucial for Bones. Most people think that calcium is the most important factor in bone health. However, it's not well known that magnesium is necessary to convert vitamin D into its active form so that it can turn on calcium absorption.
Recipes Galore... The Path to a Healthy Life. In my work as a functional medicine doctor, I often have patients ask me how they will achieve their health goals with cravings for the foods they have always loved.
From Anti-Alzheimer's 'Magic Bullets' to True Brain Health. If you followed news coverage on the release of the National Alzheimer's Plan, you'd probably conclude that the solution to maintain lifelong brain health is simple
Men's Stressors. The study included 2,068 people ages 18 and older. A new report reveals the life circumstances that stress men out the most
How Stopping to Smell the Roses Can Transform Your Day. Take some time to just be in your own head whenever you're walking to or from your next destination. You just might be surprised what wonderful, beautiful and (sometimes) top secret message the universe has in store for you.
Heroes And Cowards Have One Thing In Common. What I've learned about fear? It's normal, and necessary -- and nonsense, if we let it get in our way.  Fear can either hold us back or be our greatest motivator.
When Breaking Your Diet is Against the Law. Today, we too easily give up our privacy rights to track criminals and get \better\ health care. Tomorrow, in corporate or government hands, that information could be used in ways we cannot yet imagine.  I think we should all be thinking twice before signing up.
Is This the Last Father's Day?. My father is requesting that all family members come by... no, not for a typical family reunion, but for Father's Day. They say that people sometimes get a sense about things, and I have a feeling that my dad knows the end is near.
Watch Out, Travelers. On Thursday evening in Bern, Switzerland, Myanmar's Nobel Peace Prize award-winner, Aung San Suu Kyi, discontinued her press
Suvorexant. Suvorexant works by blocking brain chemical messengers call orexins, which are responsible for wakefulness. Gehrman told
Your Guide To Acceptable Locker Room Behavior. When it comes to going to the gym, we typically encourage doing whatever feels right for your body. But when it comes to
Your Comeback Toolkit -- You'll Need It!. It's not easy to deal with setbacks -- they are emotionally arousing, draining, and taxing. The good news, though, is there are specific skills that can help you turn a setback into a comeback.
30-Day Summer Shape-Up Day 26. Now that you're coming to the end of your 30-day shape-up, it's time to start looking at how to maintain your results once that challenge is over -- and the easiest way to do that is by building simple habits that will help you stay both strong and slim.
Chillin' With the Inner Critic. Most people have never been treated as poorly by another human being as they have by the voices in their own heads. So what are we to do with this voice? What's this voice for?
Are You Living on Purpose?. Your purpose is not a big, burdensome, heavy weight that you \must\ accomplish in your life; rather, it's a joyous expression of who you are.
The State Of America's Stress. Who's the most stressed? A new study might just have the answer. The findings, published in the Journal of Applied Social
Drug Costs Becoming Bigger Issue In Cancer Care. Most health plans, for instance, charge patients higher co-pays for oral drugs than they do for drugs given by injection
The Future We Want. If the international community chooses to seize this moment to promote a new distribution of opportunity -- one that empowers people to challenge and overcome injustice -- we can unleash the potential of individuals and society as a whole to live in health, dignity and justice.
Father's Day Without My Dad. My father lived in fear and died in fear. I'm not going to do the same. I choose love. I know he'd be proud.
The Comfort Zone. For most of us, avoidance becomes a way of life. We barricade ourselves behind an invisible barrier and don't venture out because beyond the wall is pain. This safe space Phil and I call the \comfort zone.\
Become Calm, Centered and Focused. Follow and then practice these seven steps and you may find it easier to resist reacting and have a better chance of responding in a positive way.
Sleep Apnea Treatment May Also Ease Depression, Study Suggests. The study included 779 people with obstructive sleep apnea who filled out the PHQ-9 form before and after sleep apnea treatment
Girl Receives Lab-Grown Vein Transplant, Made From Her Own Stem Cells. Usually, people with her condition have to have a transplanted donated vein, a transplanted vein from their own bodies, or
Creating a Supportive Environment. If living a long and healthy life is one of your goals, just remember to put more attention toward your environment, the people and relationships you have in your life, relaxation, daily activities that make you feel supported and happy, and your diet.
Great Grains to Include in Your Diet for Health. With the low-carb movement, so many clients that I counsel fear eating grains and starches altogether, and think they are better off without them. This is false! Many grains -- whole grains -- are indeed healthy and should be included as part of a healthy diet.
Weight Loss Success. For more on weight loss, click here. Name
Gay Hendricks' Morning Centering Practice. I've been doing this same basic sequence for so long now it's come to feel essential, like showering or eating. In fact, it feels so good and essential that I haven't missed a day of doing it for 40 years.
Coconut Oil. Although I love all things coconut, from coconut water to coconut scents, I don't give special treatment to the newest craze
Acceptance. Our awareness of the presence of spirit in our lives is governed by five laws of spiritual consciousness.  As we become able to comprehend and align ourselves with them, we gain access to the treasures they guard.
Going Beyond Techniques. Concentration means allowing everything into our awareness, without focusing too narrowly or strenuously, and without being distracted by our judgments, our opinions, or the challenges that life continuously offers.
Speak Up to Get What You Want. Wouldn't it be great if everyone could speak up for what they wanted? That was the point when my whole life turned around and I started to have more of what I wanted in my life.  It was necessary to get to where I am today.
Developing a Sustainable and Functional Medical System. If we truly want to develop a sustainable and functional medical system in this country, we are going to need to redefine what constitutes evidence. We need to open our minds and expand out of the box we have sealed ourselves into.
Coffee Hijacks Your Thyroid. First the good news
Stroke. Contrary to popular wisdom, what you don't know can sometimes hurt you, and badly. For older adults in particular, this is true when it comes to stroke.
Summer Shape-Up. If you lift weights, you need to constantly change your routine in order to burn fat faster and challenge your muscles. In other words, you need to throw your body some curveballs.
The Curious Case of Autism and MMS. I'm going to say something radical, something that may shock you. Are you ready?  Here goes
Fearlessly Share What's In Your Heart. Composing and sharing what's in your heart is an exercise in love and a validation of your journey to those who've helped you along the way. This is your one and only life, and how happily you live it is completely up to you.
Scientists Use Nanomedicine To Penetrate Bodily Defenses. In the reproductive, respiratory and gastrointestinal tracts as well as the sinuses the body clears mucus layers every few
Social Media. The power of social media is boundless. It not only has the ability to create psycho-social support for individuals with rare diseases and/or cancer, but it should be seen as the primary mechanism to repair the world.
Preventing Suicide, One Step at a Time. For years I've been a \Bring Our Troops Home\ banner waving leftist, attending anti-war marches and rallies more often than I ate ice cream.  Now that our troops are actually coming home from Iraq, many are killing themselves.  Why?
The National Prevention Strategy at One. By committing to including health as a component of policies and programs, these federal agencies are setting an example for all sectors by recognizing how their policies and programs contribute to the nation's health and wellness.
Is Wearing High Heels Worth The Pain?. Studies also suggest stilettos can cause back problems and exacerbate existing ones. Women who wear high heels on a daily
What's In a Name?. It is from personal experience that I endorse and prescribe what Vedantic psychology has known for thousands of years. Change the name and you change the person.
Why Retreat?. The benefits of retreating from our lives, taking the time to pull back, are manifold. Besides relaxation, rest, healing and reconnecting with oneself, the opportunity to go within allows us to gain distance and perspective from the circumstances of our lives.
Can Sinuses Affect Your Teeth?. I once had this patient who had chronic/repeated pain in his upper teeth (basically the premolars and molars on his upper right side). He had been to two different dentists, who did an exam and took X-rays, but really couldn't find anything wrong with the teeth.
How to Take Care of Yourself After an Acupuncture Treatment. Acupuncture gets things moving, potentially causing your body to react in ways that it's not used to. You want to honor that experience by giving yourself time to see how things shake out.
The Changing Face of Father's Day. No matter what the origin, Father's Day is a time to honor all the men who have given of themselves to raise healthy, conscious children. They may be biological fathers or not, men who have taken upon themselves to mentor and be role models.
11 Sugary Beverages With More Calories Than Cola. For more on diet and nutrition, click here. The ban would apply to drinks larger than 16 ounces, hitting back hard at some
15 Confidence-Boosting Quotes. It's no secret that there is a serious lack of self-confidence all around us. Blame it on the media, high divorce rates, unloving
Morning People Happier Than Night Owls, Study Suggests. By
Decision Making in Breast Cancer. As a nurse and social worker, I have a unique perspective on decision making because I approach it \from the other side of the bed.\ I put my professional hat on and ponder
Surviving Cancer. I love the idea of survivors defining ourselves. The Cancer Survivorship Research Conference takes place this week in Arlington
3 Reasons Your Diet Isn't Working. Losing weight may have been hard thus far, but it doesn't have to be.  Let's look at three of the reasons your diet has probably not been working, and then I'll show you how to change things up.
U.S. Cancer Survivors To Increase By A Third By 2022. The report concluded that the expanding population of cancer survivors makes it increasingly important that the medical community
Fearless 'Push Girl' Angela Rockwood. I love that you respected your own needs, though. It\u2019s such a great lesson that you\u2019re living. And it\u2019s hard, too, Elizabeth
Pradaxa And Xarelto. Dr. Richard Besdine, director of the Center for Gerontology at Brown University, said he had switched only two of his approximately
Had I Followed the New PSA Recommendations I Might Be Dead. At the time of my surgery, I had no symptoms and would have never suspected that I had a life-threatening, cancerous tumor taking up residency in my prostate and surrounding neighborhood.
Are You Fearless Enough To Say No To Sex?. This is the payback for sexual freedom
Is Antidepressant Therapy the Perfect Storm for Weight Gain?. There is no mystery as to the cause of the antidepressant-associated weight gain. There are two reasons
One Mistake We Make in the Doctor's Office That May Contribute to Increased Risk of Thyroid Cancer. The medical community is divided as to whether or not a thyroid guard is necessary. But since studies show that thyroid cancer is related to radiation exposure, most patients are requesting the extra protection.
A Health Care Call to Action for Men. We need a healthy wireless infrastructure and healthy pro-marketplace governmental policies to ensure health -- not just for men, but for our country and for our economy.
Weight Loss Success. I started educating myself about calorie intake, diet and exercise. Once I got below 200 pounds for the first time since
Getting It. I say lucky you. There's another kind of \getting it,\ Helen, that has the same dynamics as the getting of a joke, but the
Meditation Tips for the Day. When I turn inside and begin to become self-realized, I begin to understand that my happiness is really within and that I truly create my fortune by giving!
Liar, Liar, Pants on Fire. Telling the truth comes with a sense of freedom because you have nothing to hide.  There is a saying
The Secret to Making Positive Life Changes. The truth is that many of us don't apply ourselves enough to achieve the positive life changes to which we aspire. Why? Why is it that we so often fail to successfully make the changes we really want? The simple answer is
Birthdays Carry Higher Death Risk For Older People, Study Suggests. The study included 2.4 million people who died over 40 years, according to The Independent. \Emotional stress and overindulgence
Are Smart People Miserable?. The truth is, happiness is hard work, no matter what your IQ, age, weight, or marital status. Happiness doesn't come to you, you have to create it.
Confused About Carbs? 5 Common Myths. Today, between marketers who promote packaged carbs as \heart healthy\ and fitness \experts\ who espouse that all carbs are bad, it's easy to be confused. Here are some carb myths debunked.
30-Day Summer Shape Up Challenge. Here we are on week three of our progressive workout. You should be feeling your body changing and your performance increasing. That means you are ready to to take it to the next level.
Suffering and the Soul. The soul is interested in the journey for the journey's sake.  To the soul, the journey is the destination, that being the discovery and recognition of its own truth, which can only be found in the depths of the experience of life itself.
People With Depression Respond To Guilt Differently. A new, small study is shedding light on how guilt -- how the brain processes and responds to it -- factors into depression
Why We Feel Nerves. Many people think of the fear response as a negative response. They want to eliminate it. Your fear response, though, can actually become a strength, one that you can harness and use to your advantage.
Who's Shrinking the Kids?. More articles like the one in the New York Times are needed to inform parents about the consequences of putting excessive pressure on their kids and readily giving them powerful psychiatric medications to improve their focus and their grades.
How Naturopathic Doctors Are Proving the Value of Integrative Medicine. In search of the science to support whole person, integrative medical care, the emerging guild of board-certified integrative M.D.s may use a strategy favored by the naturopathic doctors 30 years ago.
Life and the Labyrinth of Meaning. A labyrinth is not a maze or a puzzle to be solved but a path of meaning to be experienced. We are never really lost, but we can never quite see where we are going.
HuffPost Workouts. My chosen playlist helps me feel powerful and sexy (usually the ultimate goal for working out). But most importantly, every song I work out to makes me want to boogie.
New Cancer Therapy Options for Animals. Improvements in medical care for animals and people are advancing at a dizzying rate. As more research is funded, we are discovering things that benefit both ends of the leash, and that makes the practice of medicine more challenging and interesting.
Staying True to Yourself. Over the course of the last 20 years, many things have changed and developed in my life. Here are some excellent guidelines I have picked up along the way and have learned to follow, without a doubt.
Please Meditate. What I have included in this practice is the essence of the meditation
Are You a Smartphone Junkie? A Mindful Check-In. Every time I feel a buzz or a jingle from my smartphone, a voice comes up inside of me
Could Gut Bacteria Influence Rheumatoid Arthritis Risk?. HuffPost earlier reported that there are around 1.5 million people in the U.S. currently living with rheumatoid arthritis
Scientists Use Genome Sequencing Technology To Control MRSA Outbreak. MRSA, or Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus Aureus, is a drug-resistant bacterial infection, or superbug, and major public
Birth Control Tied To Heart Attack And Stroke, But Risks Very Small, Study Says. Other studies have linked pills containing the synthetic hormone drospirenone with increased risk of venous thrombosis, prompting
Spray Tan Risks. \These compounds in some cells could actually promote the development of cancers or malignancies,\ Dr. Rey Panettieri, who
Disruptive Doctors. My recent trip to Japan allowed me to witness true leaders in action and to participate in a group that has carefully but insistently been disrupting the mental health care status quo in its country.
Avoiding a Health Care Bubble. The recent jobs report from the Department of Labor raises an important question
Imaging, Radiation Exposure Up, Even For HMO Patients. \The technology really is remarkable, so that may be a big part of it,\ Smith-Bindman said, stressing that imaging can help
Vitamin D Doesn't Prevent Osteoporosis In Healthy Women, Task Force Says. Still, some doctors believe that vitamin D and calcium may be useful to help prevent bone fracture, though at higher doses
'Tsunami' Of Autistic Adults Will Challenge Police; More Training Needed, Say Experts. An autistic teen allegedly breaks a police officer's hand and is shocked with a Taser because he can't calm down in a movie
Timothy Ray Brown HIV. Plus, NPR noted that even if pieces of the virus were found in Brown's body, there was no sign they were actually able to
Common Cold Virus Can Kill Cancer Tumors By Being Injected Into Bloodstream. Cancer killed 7.6 million people worldwide in 2008, the most recent year for which the World Health Organisation has full
WATCH. How fearless are you when it comes to your career? In this exclusive Becoming Fearless video, Arianna Huffington and familiar
11 All-Natural, Instant Energy Boosters. By Jessica Smith for Shape.com Try these expert recommended tips to revitalize -- right now.
Friends Of Quinn. Last week, we heard from Quinn Bradlee, CEO of FriendsOfQuinn.com, an online information hub and social platform for young
Running for the PR. If you want to be a runner, or you want to be faster, the solution is simple.  Just get out there and run.  It's summer, the trails and pavement are waiting to meet your feet.  I'll be out there chasing another PR in my quest for the marathon.
Fix Your Form. Check out more in our Fix Your Form series below
A Formerly Obese Man's Letter to Mayor Bloomberg. The fulfillment of our citizens' lives depends on the realization that their destiny, specifically, their health, is far more under their control than they now realize.
Insomnia Could Be Triggered By A Fear Of The Dark. Overall, the poor sleepers were significantly more startled in the dark, suggesting they experienced increased or anticipatory
Rafael Nadal Says He Owes French Open Success To Fear Of Failure. PARIS \u2014 Rafael Nadal admitted on Monday that a deep-seated fear of failure drove him to a record seventh French Open title
Pre-Deciding Your Fate. One of the biggest issues with tilt, the state of being so upset you cannot think rationally, is that when a person is not thinking rationally they usually don't know it.
Arianna Talks Sleep On 'CBS This Morning' (VIDEO). Arianna, a staunch advocate for sleep, also addressed the consequences of not sleeping enough. Among them
Total Recall. Coach Mark Smallwood has been dedicated to environmental sustainability, efficiency and conservation for decades. Since joining
Sleep And Diet. The images revealed that sleep deprivation affects areas of the brain that help us sort through and weigh the many factors
'Mistakes Were Made'. While it is extremely difficult to admit when we make mistakes, honesty and humility are what make for a sincere apology.
Fat Activist Lesley Kinzel on How to Stop Dieting and Start Loving Your Body. Truthfully, I'm all for self-acceptance, but I've had trouble embracing the fat acceptance movement. Until, that is, I devoured Two Whole Cakes, the delightful, insightful new book by fat activist Lesley Kinzel.
Lying as a Form of Control. It is not as hard as you may believe to learn how to connect with your personal source of spiritual guidance.
Meditation. Sitting quietly enables us to go beyond our limited self and enter into a great spaciousness. We assure you, it's the greatest gift you can give yourself!
Slaying Emotional Vampires. It is easy to understand the reactions of those who respond to the emotional vampires in their lives with umbrage, anger, ridicule and pain. Those feelings are real, but in choosing to nurture them we imprison ourselves.
The Health Care Crisis No One Is Talking About. The physician shortage problem is well-documented and should not come as a surprise to anyone. But while a scarcity of gasoline or smartphones would grip the nation, this far more dangerous shortage has drawn relatively little attention.
The Best Cancer-Fighting Salad Ever! (VIDEO). After a recent health scare, I'm taking better care of myself. And since 80 percent of the immune system is in our gut, I'm adopting a clean diet. But there's one little problem. I don't know how to cook.
My Weight Loss Adventures in the Land of Disease-Care. It's not like I'm clueless about what to eat and how to do healthful behaviors. I'm in the business, after all.  But my work is sedentary, and I do a lot of it. The timing and the psychology had to be right.
Breathing Eternity Into Time, Part Two. Depending on where identity lies, there are many ways we can experience or speak about \step by step\ or gradual and sudden awakenings.
Fighting Cancer. It's no secret that the need to tighten our belts during the recent economic downturn has sent us into an era of cost containment. But we must find ways to both contain health care costs and continue to move cancer knowledge forward.
The Power Of Letting Go Of Your Need For Control. I often end up erroneously attempting to force outcomes or results in the name of being \responsible\ or \powerful,\ when what is usually really driving me is fear and control (hence the struggling/suffering).\u00a0Can you relate in any way?
10 Secrets of Intuitive Eating. Imagine a diet where you can eat anything you want. The catch? You only eat when you're hungry and stop when you're full. It's intuitive eating -- a way of eating that helps people establish a healthy relationship with food and their bodies.
Curiosity Killed the Cat, But It Can Save Your Marriage. Whether you implement curiosity expressly, or do so without mentioning it to your spouse, you will quickly find that the care, attention and interest you display toward him or her will naturally be returned to you.
A Gift of Inspiration. My hope is that we have created a poignant little film that will touch both those who have an interest in spirituality and those who don't see themselves as spiritual at all.
Did Seizures Lead To Secretary Of Commerce John Bryson's Car Accidents?. Now that Secretary of Commerce John Bryson has taken medical leave after a seizure apparently caused him to hit two cars
Li Hongfang, Woman With Facial Tumors, Pleads For Acceptance (PHOTO). A woman whose face has been left disfigured by tumours has told how she tries to soothe people who are scared of her by telling
The Best Exercises You're Not Doing. There's a popular saying among fitness experts
Does Your Cat Wear a Collar?. The most important purpose for putting a collar on your kitty is to ensure she can be identified and returned to you if she's lost.
Weight Loss Success. I also signed up on jillianmichaels.com, met fellow members and went out of my comfort zone to travel to California and eventually
Migraine Genes Pinpointed By Researchers. Researchers reported that migraines are responsible for 25 million lost days at school and work because of their incapacitating
7 Easy Ways To Be Mindful Every Day. Mindfulness has a way of sounding complicated. It's anything but. \Mindfulness is paying attention in a particular way
Not Enough Sleep Could Increase Stroke Risk. \I was expecting that we were going to see some sort of association, but I really wasn't expecting it in the normal weight
Robin Roberts Myelodysplastic Syndrome. Robin Roberts, anchor of ABC's \Good Morning America,\ announced today that she has the blood and bone marrow disease myelodysplastic
The 16 Most Misleading Food Labels. Have you ever picked one grocery item over another because of the health claims on the label? You may have been duped. That's
How The World's Oldest Yoga Instructor Stays Fit. We love to see strong, fit women make headlines, which is why we were so inspired to hear that the Guinness Book of World
An Olympic Diet. Turkish Taekwondo fighter and Olympic hopeful Nur Tatar, 20, poses in front of her daily food intake in Ankara May 24, 2012
Ernestine Shepherd. For more on fitness and exercise, click here. Watch the full story here Do you have anyone in your life who inspires you
How Often Do You Have to Repeat the Same Mistake?. Whether we know it or not, when we fail to lean into the moment and embrace the lesson that is being offered we are sending a signal to the universe that essentially says, \Hey... I want more of the same.\
Sing Your Prayers. Omega talks with Bobby McFerrin about music, spirituality, and the joy of play. \I think play and joy and feeling good deserve more of our time. I don't see why adults are supposed to grow out of those things.\
When Newly-Diagnosed With Diabetes Do This, Not That (Part 1). Although there are people who are quite knowledgeable about diabetes, there are considerably more people who are not.
Fearless Negotiation. What are the characteristics of \positive conflict\? No is the key word of protection. It is perhaps the most powerful word
Worse Than Sugar. In its ability to pack on the body fat, high-fructose corn syrup appears to be worse than sugar.
A Lost Suitcase and a Spiritual Journey. In all of this, the lesson for me, a person who has dedicated her life to health, is in letting go. Letting go of the worry, the control, the anger, the emotion that we often bury deep inside our bodies, and watching life like you might watch a movie.
Can We Consistently Redirect Conflict to Our Favor?. Uncomfortable situations almost always contain valuable information or a lesson. I have found that if I ask what lies beneath my discomfort I discover more about myself and how I relate to others.
Sleep Deprivation Drives Up Anxiety, Study Shows. Walker acknowledged that the new study, which is small and preliminary, does not necessarily mirror real-world scenarios
Fitness Playlists Flow To The Beats Per Minutes. Experts say exercising to the proper music can boost your mood, kick your workout up a notch and channel the energy of a
3 Ways To Get Re-Inspired When You're Stuck. - Finding it hard to see the miracle and magic in each moment. - Staying in a job where you feel bored - Staying in a relationship
You Tried It. Welcome to \You Tried It,\ a series of video posts from top trainers, who will share clips from their popular workout DVDs
Thanks, Dad, for Making Me Fit. Whether he meant to or not, Dad instilled in us a lifelong love of using our bodies and a deep appreciation for all that they can do.
Improving Your Ability to Pay Attention. During a typical day, your attention goes through many gradations as white does on its way to black and back. Genetics influence attention, and you can't control that, but with work you can keep attention where you want it most of the time.
In Memoriam et Gloriam. I think people have this idea that cancer calls for a type of unattainable, comic-book fearlessness -- the ultimate cognitive dissonance, if you will -- whereas people who are flawed and anti-heroic and who embrace their fears prove to be the most courageous and inspirational of all.
Skinny Fat People. We need to stand up in our homes, communities and schools and create healthy environments for kids. We need to take back our kids' taste buds, our kitchens and our homes, which have been hijacked by the food industry, and ban anything except real food.
The Best Fitness Foods. Getting a great workout goes beyond the number of reps you do or the miles you log on the treadmill (though that does help too). Regardless of what type of exercise suits your fancy, here are some tips on what to eat before, during and after a workout.
Eye Test Could Detect Carotid Artery Stenosis, Stroke Risk Factor. But \our results show that ocular pulse amplitude is a reliable, safe screening test for carotid artery stenosis,\ study
The Power of the Written Word. I am a Facebook junkie and a big fan of the motivational quotes that tend to find their way to many of my friend's walls. One in particular caught my eye the other day
5 Ways to Reduce Fear. Let this moment be your starting point, so to speak, for a release of fear, and enjoy the peace and comfort that will surely take its place.
Reframe Your Fear Of Failure. Reframing failure as an expected part of the process of living life normalizes the experience and takes some of the charge out of it.
Why We Need to Have Compassion for Our Inner Critic. Don't beat yourself up for beating yourself up in the vain hope that somehow it will help you stop beating yourself up.  Instead, take a step back and give your inner critic some slack.  In its ineffective, counterproductive way, your inner critic is actually trying to keep you safe.
Simple Tips to Calm Your Mental Chatter. You take time out every day to keep your body clean by brushing your teeth and showering... Why not practice meditation as a mental cleansing routine?
LISTEN. Read Brenda Della Casa's post, \Healing the Scars of Child Abuse
Beach Body Pilates. Commit to my Beach Body Pilates workout five days a week, and by the end of June you will look amazing. Throughout the rest of the summer, you will carry yourself in a whole new way.
Good Risks vs. Bad Risks. Most people don't even think that there is another type of risk, but there is
Father's Day. Dad\u2019s big day is just around the corner. This year, Father's Day falls on June 17. Dads can get a bad rap when it comes to
Why You Need Bathroom Breaks At Night. \Down the road, we may be able to harness the [Cx43 protein] idea as a treatment,\ says Ridgeway, \by regulating those genes
How Secrets Keep You Stuck. I know the destruction of keeping a secret that is stopping you from being true to yourself. A secret that takes away your right to be you. A secret that you punish yourself with and blame yourself for. See, when you keep that kind of secret, it says there is a part of you that is unacceptable to yourself, or to anyone else. Let me tell you right now
Becoming a Creative Warrior. How can we manifest the creative impulse we feel? Too often a creative drive that we experience can spark but then fizzle out because of our lack of confidence.
My Adventure In The Sky. Now might be a good time to mention that soaring high in the air above the waters of the Pacific is not something anyone who knows me, even in passing, would associate with me. The question was this
Goji Berry Could Protect Eyes From Diabetic Retinopathy. An ancient berry may be a powerful tool in protecting eyes from diabetes-related vision loss, according to new cellular research
America Meditating. Meditation is an awareness that we cultivate, and it creates a positive, more productive state of being. It is not just something that you \do,\ but it is primarily a state of being.
Natural Mosquito Repellent. Most commercial insect repellents contain one of two chemicals, DEET or picaridin. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
Best Foods to Order on a First Date. There are many factors associated with a great first date. Of all the things that can go right or wrong, it's good to know that at least you can control the food.
Summer Shape-Up. Even if you don't plan on doing a triathlon or marathon in hot weather, high temperatures can make your workouts uncomfortable, inhibit performance, cause dehydration, and leave you feeling under the weather. Why does hot weather throw such a wrench into our workouts?
Letting the Rain Fall. Sometimes it helps to stop for a moment and just let the rain fall. When we're going through a stormy time it's hard to see beyond our veil of tears, but God is right there in every tear that's shed.
10 Simple Ways To Lighten Up And Let Life Flow. There have been countless documentations of people having near death experiences and as they almost die they see \the light
A Safe Place To Share Your Secrets. Hi, I'm Rhonda Britten. And I know the destruction of keeping a secret that is stopping you from being true to yourself. A
Victims of the Food Industry, Part One. Although factory foods promise good health, beauty, and satisfaction, they lack the life-sustaining nutrients necessary to maintain healthy metabolic processes.
Treatment for Social Anxiety. If you feel emotional discomfort about social situations, interactions with others, or being evaluated or judged by others, you may have \social anxiety\ -- a problem shared by almost 20 million others in the United States.
Weight Loss Success. After Weight
Frozen Yogurt. The range of offerings available in these shops makes any blanket judgment hard to support, except for this one -- that to
8 Steps to Change Your Life. Creating habits is a skill, just like learning a new sport, and when we practice, we get better.  Here are eight research-based steps for creating new routines.
Bullying. It takes just one person to stand up to a bully, and within a few minutes, the bullying will end. It takes just one person to make someone feel needed, to make a teen feel like he is not utterly alone.
Creating Attunement in Relationships. My husband and I take a walk every morning to get a Starbucks and talk.  After 40 years of friendship, our walks are part of the glue to our relationship.
What's The Ideal Warm-Up?. By Kyle J. Smith Whether today's workout plan is a bodyweight routine in the park or a 5K, warming up should be the first
Targeting The Brain's Appetite Control Switch. Scientists in search of the control switch for the brain's dinner bell have a new clue. Researchers studying mice at Columbia
Rethinking Red Meat As Part Of A Healthy Diet (VIDEO). Contrary to popular belief, red meat can be a part of a healthy diet. Here, experts explain what the best cuts are and how
Milk, Beer Molecule Could Fight Weight Gain. Research published in the journal Cell Metabolism shows that a molecule called nicotinamide riboside could help mice gain
Soda, Supply, and Demand. We can make health a prevailing cultural meme by replacing our unconscious adaptations with conscious choices.  It's true, we are adapted to like sweet.  But we are also adapted to be terrestrial -- yet can learn to swim, and to hold our breath under water.
Fit Links. For more on fitness and exercise, click here. With summer just around the corner, there's no better time to get fit. Fit
Honk If You're Afraid To Drive. Driving has always scared the bejesus out of me. We hear plenty about road rage. What about road fright?
Night Sweats Keeping You Up?. Waking up dripping with sweat and wrapped up in soaked sheets can be worrisome, but it's not always serious. Here are 10
The Most Common Workplace Weight Traps (And How To Beat Them). Could your job be making you pack on the pounds? \You have to know yourself, and you have to understand your triggers,\ Samantha
Meditation Tips for the Day. We've always had this myth that we are supposed to sit in a corner, silence our mind, close our eyes, and then meditate.  It's not true.
Are You Dancing With Life?. Being in the flow, also called being in the zone, is a remarkable state. When one is in it, no effort is required to create the results you want to achieve.
Music for the Soul. Music is one of the greatest tools we have to reconnect ourselves to our inner spirits. If you feel frustrated, angry, or negative about certain areas of your life, you can use music to reenergize you from the inside out.
The Truth About Men. \I can't find Mr. Right.\  This is the most common complaint I've heard over the last several years from friends and strangers from all walks of life.  Women are searching for acceptable male companionship, and too many are having a difficult time of finding it.
Hospice. The focus in hospice is not on cure but on relieving symptoms such as pain, nausea and fatigue, and on creating the best possible quality of life in one's final days. Flowers, along with attention to other details of environment, surely play a role.
Time for Total Medicine -- Get Family Medicine Out of the Shadows. There is an odd logic that diminishes the status of family doctors. It is also faulty logic. People think that the more a physician knows about a specific medical problem or body part and the higher that physician's salary, the better care they will receive.
Obesity. While obesity is traditionally considered a public health and medical issue, the rapid increase in the national prevalence of obesity and overweight is affecting America's ability to defend itself militarily and perform competitively in business.
GPS for the Child's Soul. Nothing we ever dreamed of or did in the past is a waste or meant to be written off as a flight of fancy.
Untangling Me From My Daughter. Emma is without inhibitions. She is without embarrassment. She is without shame. Female neuro-typicals could learn a thing or two from Emma. I could learn a thing or two from Emma.
On Creativity Again. Locked out could just jolt creativity. Our journey is a dialectic between being locked out and locked in. I belong. I do
Deadly Diarrhea, Pneumonia In Kids Targeted By UNICEF. UNICEF, a U.N. agency, works for children's rights, their health, development and protection from violence, exploitation
An Appeal to Physicians Regarding Exercise. Doctors need to take the time to be a bit more detailed when giving instructions to their patients regarding not only the need for exercise, but how to do it.
Films for Your Soul. Press \Play\ in this week's \Films for Your Soul\ excerpt below and experience the limitless power of glaciers so deep you can fit a skyscraper into their caverns, and mountains so high you would be the size of a pinhead next to them.
The Big Cup Controversy. Instead of taking away the choice, why not teach people how to make better decisions?  For example, when you realize that a regular 20-ounce soda has 65 grams of sugar (more than the recommended limit for your day), it makes you think twice.
Afraid To Fail? Try This Technique! (VIDEO). You may not even be consciously aware of how this fear might be stopping you... part of you may not even allow you to know what you might try, for fear of attempting it and being hurt. If this fear has been holding you back from being, doing and/or having what is possible, I hope this video will help you set yourself free.
Insomnia May Increase High Blood Pressure Risk. \The cause of hypertension in insomniacs is due to the number of times the individual wakes during the night as well as their
How Do You Live Knowing You Might Have An Alzheimer's Gene?. Everyone in the family who had Alzheimer\u2019s had that mutated gene. No one who escaped the disease had the mutation. And all
Doing Some Spring Cleaning Might Clear Some of Your Mental Clutter. I'd used common sense, balance and my own self worth to meet all of my goals. No quick fixes -- or books meant to rip us off through false promises -- necessary.
Is Gossip Killing Your Relationships?. In my work as life coach, my clients often complain that people in their lives are always trying to \fix\ them.  While these \Fixers\ may be well meaning, sometimes their reliance on fixing other people's problems to bolster their own self-worth and identity.
Girls Are As Athletic As Boys, Study Says. And as we often tell children, sports participation isn't about winning or losing. Research indicates that getting active
Fat and Back. Driven by a yearning to empathize with his overweight and obese clients, Australian trainer and underwear model PJ James pledged to pack on 50 percent of his body weight, maintain it and then shed it, all within 2009.
The Best And Worst Jobs For Your Health. By Amanda MacMillan A healthy job is about more than just avoiding hazards, like dangerous material and machines. \If I'm
Meditation Tips for the Day. When you speak with someone, you actually speak to the soul. Inside of every soul are experiences of past, present, and even the future.
Want to Know Yourself Better? Ask Yourself These Questions. Self-knowledge is a key to a happy life. But it's very hard to know ourselves; it's easy to be distracted by the way we wish we were, or think we ought to be, or what others think we should be, until we lose sight of what is actually true.
Full Cup, Thirsty Spirit. Often, when we're moving quickly from one thing to the next, we don't really see what's around us in the way that we do when we're traveling. It seems this quality of attention is one of the first things we lose when our days fill up with commitments and activities.
Run Barefooted! Yes, You Can Do This at Home. If you choose to shrug off the skeptics' jeers and run barefooted anywhere you want to, remember as you enjoy your journey to practice patience, because full adaptation can take a while.
Advancing a True Physician's Thought Leadership Platform. Thought leadership through social media -- it's an old concept with a new delivery.  Those who can master it will have the opportunity to emerge head and shoulders above their peers.
Americans Know Sugary Drinks Are Bad For Them, Plan To Cut Back, Yale Study Shows. Contrary to their image as the defiant, Big Gulp-gripping masses, a majority of Americans understand that sugary drinks such
Boniva Shortage. Unlike Boniva tablets, which people take once a month, Boniva injections are given once every three months. A mismatch between
Prisoners Using Antibiotic Ointment As Lip Balm, Hair Grease. Researchers said the discovery of this practice is concerning because inappropriate use of antibiotics contributes to drug
Yolanda Medina, New York Mother, Dies During Operation To Donate Kidney To Brother. Yolanda Medina, a 41-year-old mother of three, bled to death on the operating table after her aorta was sliced during surgery
Self-Esteem vs. Narcissism. Feeling good about yourself as a person and acceptable for who you are allows you to move through your life with a sense of purpose, meaning, and value.
White House Holds Women's Health Town Hall (VIDEO). Today, the White House and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) held a Women's Health Town Hall from 10
Body Dysmorphic Disorder. The study included 200 people (more than half were women) who had BDD. They were all between ages of 14 and 64, and the number
We Tried It. After hearing from Jen Moore, who lost 140 pounds hooping and went on to teach Hoopnotica classes herself, we were intrigued. But when her husband, Keith, told us he too had lost weight hooping -- 100 pounds, to be exact -- we knew we had to see this one for ourselves.
Caffeine In Coffee Linked With Delayed Alzheimer's Onset. And of course, there is such thing as too much of a good thing -- and it's important to drink coffee in moderation. Excessive
You Are What You Have Done, Not What You Own. This study suggests that people feel that their own self-concept is influenced more strongly by what they have done than by what they own.  Another series of studies in this paper explores perceptions of self by others.
Courageous Leaders Know How To Apologize. I\u2019ve been thinking about the power of apology lately. I\u2019ve been noticing that the people for whom I have the most respect
34 Ways To Become A Better Runner. Runners rejoice
NuVal. How can we improve the quality of food without increasing the cost? On a surface level, this seems very tricky and complicated.
Home Health Aides. One of the few constants with dementia is change. Levels of memory loss and general awareness can fluctuate greatly.
The Art of Loving Relationships. Each person has a path set before them -- their soul's curriculum, so to speak. Traveling that path with another person in a supportive, loving relationship requires a conscious dedication to process and change.
'Push Girl' Auti Angel. When dancer Auti Angel was 22 and on the verge of signing a record deal, a car accident nearly stole her show-business dream
Which Cities Have The Healthiest Eaters?. Not counting fruit juice, how often do you eat fruit? How often do you eat green salad? How often do you eat carrots? Not
Where the Mind Goes, the Body  Will Follow. If we can try to relax and breathe during moments of stress, I think we give ourselves an opportunity to move past the negative and stress-producing emotions of fear, jealousy, anger and sadness with no regrets and greater ease.
Fearless Forgiveness. Modest acts of forgiveness can help you prepare for a day when you might need courage to help yourself, or someone else, move forward from tragedy.
Changing the Game Play. Any society or civilization that makes the material world its sole pursuit and object of concern cannot but devolve in the long run. Such misappropriation of perspective is partly responsible in creating the present chaotic situation of our world.
Aimee Copeland, Flesh-Eating Bacteria Victim, Battling Phantom Limb Pain. Aimee Copeland, the Georgia student who lost her left leg, right foot and hands to flesh-eating disease, is battling phantom
What Does Faith Look Like to You?. Faith can be such a loaded word for so many people.  In the latest \Meditate On This\ video, I want you to dig deep and explore what faith means to you!
Be Fearless. Fearless people view failure differently than fearful people do. Fearless people do not see failure as a flaw, cause for embarrassment, or indictment of who they are as people. Simply put, it doesn't define them.
Handling Disappointment -- Creating Lemonade. Once we can handle the peaks and valleys of life, we can reach a nice middle ground where we can hold it steady. That's the goal -- sipping on lemonade for life!
My 13 Healing Habits. 9. Get rid of toxic chemicals everywhere (household cleaners, harsh body products, etc.). All the toxic chemicals found around
Anti-Aging Exercises to Keep Your Senior Pet Active. Just as humans need to keep moving and stay active to fully enjoy their senior years, so do older dogs and cats. The aging process brings with it loss of muscle tone and balance, which can lead to inactivity.
Mirror Mirror on the Wall. Real change doesn't happen in opposition -- it happens in awareness. What might happen if you became aware of your interpretations of your life?
Wealth School. Whatever your relationship with money now, where would you like to be?  Let your GPS for the soul be your guide to a greater experience of wealth.
The Next Big Decision on Health Care May Be Your Own. As a mental practitioner who helps people change their mental state from the consciousness of sickness to one of health, I've seen again and again how the removal of fear and fixation on the images of disease positively affects one's well-being.
Make the Best Jogging Playlist Ever. Are you one of those joggers who can't even think of stepping onto the road (or track) without your iPod?  Well, science says there is a good reason.
Weight Loss Success. Got a success story of your own? Send it to us at success.stories@huffingtonpost.com and you could be featured on the site
30-Day Summer Shape Up Challenge. So you got through our first workout and you are ready to kick it up a notch. This week we get a little more intense with a lot more results. If you find yourself getting tired or sloppy in a set, revert back to week one\u02bcs exercise.
Art Can Be Good for Mental Health. Here's an obvious observation
In Defense of the Drinking Age. Prohibition is not the answer. But neither is lowering the minimum legal drinking age.
Strange Sleep Habits Of The Stars. Can't sleep? You're not alone. According to the National Institutes of Health, between 50 and 70 million Americans suffer
Bob Marley's Nephew Is On A Diabetes Mission. Like his famous reggae musician uncle Bob Marley, Charles Mattocks is championing social change -- in diabetes. His ammunition? A bus, a film, healthy, affordable food and unbounded passion.
Can Spirituality and Big Business Tango?. Our modern-day plague is not a physical disease, it's an emotional one -- unhappiness. The greatest source of the problem is the lack of humanism in how business is conducted globally.
Don't Want to Quit or Reduce Sugar? First, Find Your Biggest Sugar 'Whys'. Are you angry with yourself because you can't seem to turn down tempting desserts or other empty-calorie carbs -- even though you began your day determined to eat cleanly?
The Judgment of Weight. Last week on a long airplane ride I was riveted to a Glamour article that exposed the results of a poll from more than 1,800 women revealing what they thought about women of various weights.
'Independence' Is The Scariest Word. So many folks with learning differences are too afraid to tell their story. I'm willing to tell mine. Maybe if I open up about my problems, no matter how embarrassing they might be, other people with learning disabilities might feel free to open up about theirs.
Meditation Tips for the Day. Anyone can stay peaceful in a quiet and isolated space. But can you stay peaceful when the worst situation is right up in your face?
David Smith, '650-Pound Virgin,' Regains Weight, Plans To Lose Again. In 2009, David Smith sat down with Matt Lauer on \Today\ and revealed a dramatic 400-pound weight loss. Despite forging a
Answer to Any Problem In 48 Hours or Less?. Knowing when to exert effort and when to pause can help us become more effective humans, bringing greater joy to our lives.
Grief Echoes. When death hits us, we are never prepared. Even when we know the end is near, when we can see the storm on the horizon, when it hits, it still feels like a tsunami.
How To Prevent Snoring. No woman likes the idea that she snores like a truck driver. But a lot of us do just that. In fact, it's been estimated that
How I Found My Purpose. I've learned that we all possess a power within us to better our own lives. And, yes, attitude is everything. I've realized how desperately important it is to listen to what your life is telling you and to lead the life your heart is begging you to lead.
NFL Head Injuries. Besides a post-game recovery regimen of icing, stretching, and cortisone shots, it's time football players have access to \brain rehabilitation\ as well.
System Failure. Adrenal fatigue is often cloaked in a veil of \busy-ness,\ and so fatigue is to be an \expected\ consequence, but where are the edges of that veil? And how do we lift them to see clearly?
Why Gratitude Makes Us Cry. If you can remember another person's act of kindness toward you and hold onto those grateful feelings, they will spontaneously turn into a cup that runneth over instead of one that is half-filled.
Acupuncture in the U.S. and the Hospital of the Future. Although acupuncture is still relatively \new\ to the United States, its integration has been a long time coming.
D Is for Disorder. For many, OCD is a time-consuming, debilitating disorder resulting in lost jobs, relationships and important life opportunities. When it comes to trying to understand OCD, people often make the mistake of looking only at the compulsions, and so they miss the real story.
The Homework Pill. Some of these children may actually have ADD, but in most cases the M.D.s are simply justifying to the child, parents, school and insurance company the use of these universal performance-enhancing medications.
Depressed? 12 Mental Tricks To Turn It Around. By Amanda Gardner Medication can help depression. But a type of therapy called cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT)\u2014which focuses
Healthy Travel. Being constantly on the go means that my normal eating and exercise routines get a bit out of whack, not to mention slacking
Relationships After Sexual Assault. A lot of people have difficulties in relationships, but a person who has survived rape will have extra issues.
Turkey Tail Mushrooms Help Immune System Fight Cancer. A promising clinical study shows that the turkey tail mushroom (Trametes versicolor) improves the immune systems of breast cancer patients.
Families Don't Cause Eating Disorders, But Can Be Critical to Lasting Eating Disorders Recovery. Regardless of an individual's stage in the recovery process, there are some meaningful strategies that families can employ to help support a loved one as he or she confronts and combats his or her eating disorder.
The Most Common Running Injuries And How To Avoid Them. By Laura Schwecherl Running Ragged -- The Need-to-Know Runner's knee. Experiencing a tender pain around or behind the patella
Fix Your Form. If you don't know your way around a weight room, heading to the gym can be intimidating -- and even dangerous. But paying
Life After Cancer. \I never had any symptoms,\ said Alberico. \I would have been dead two or three times over incidents like that.\ \The thing
The TBI Alliance. At an annual fundraising gala Tuesday night in New York City, the MHA-NYC will launch the Traumatic Brain Injury and Emotional Wellness Alliance, an advocacy group that will raise awareness of the mental health impact of traumatic brain injury.
Stelara. Psoriatic arthritis afflicts up to 30 percent of people with psoriasis, according to the National Psoriasis Foundation. It
How to Begin to Cultivate Hope After Failing. Failing (especially failing BIG) provides you with a sense of freedom that you can never gain by playing it safe. It's this freedom that separates you from those who never leap.
Ginseng Could Decrease Cancer-Related Fatigue. The University of Maryland Medical Center pointed out that research has shown other beneficial effects of American ginseng
Depression Treatment. Ho said that future research will probe such questions, which could become increasingly important as people consider the
Immune-System Test May Predict Early Death. More from Health.com
Let Go Of The Water Bottle. You're Plenty Hydrated, People. If you can't stomach the thought of guzzling down eight glasses of water every single day, here's some good news
Whose Path Are You Walking?. When we honor the pathway that calls to us, we discover our authentic self along the way which then becomes the portal to our own wholeness -- it is only then that our authentic voice arises and gives unique expression to who we are.
Eating Your Way to Happiness. We all need to eat, but what we eat and how much we eat varies enormously. Few of us only eat when we are hungry, and only what we need rather than what we want.
Love Asks for Nothing. You have to start with yourself, since it is only when you are filled with love that you have love to offer another. When you deeply desire to learn to be loving to yourself, your heart will open and you will start to receive love and wisdom from your higher self.
Meditation Tips for the Day 1. The natural awareness of peace resides in every one of us. We have simply forgotten. The distractions of everyday life and circumstances tend to pull us away from this remembrance.
People Pleasing. The people we worry about, the ones we are bouncing from one end of the spectrum to the other in order to please -- THEY ARE JUST LIKE US. Worried. Afraid.
Benign Brain Tumor. \I haven't really talked about it,\ Crow told the Las Vegas Review-Journal, which was first to report the news. \In November
Behind Super-Sized Sodas, a Deeper Danger. If we want to get serious about fighting obesity, public health researchers would like us to understand, we need to look at the social dynamics that drive our bad health behaviors. And the most powerful driver of that unhealthy behavior? That would be inequality.
Our 3rd 'Most Fearless Tweet' Finalist! (PHOTOS). On May 3, HuffPost Becoming Fearless and Toyota Corolla teamed up to announce Toyota Corolla's Most Fearless Tweet Contest
Who Sleeps Better At Night?. Couples may get health benefits simply from sleeping in the same bed, a burgeoning field of study is showing. In fact, some
Hantavirus, Rare Virus Spread By Rodents, Kills 2 In Utah. Nationwide, 587 people were sickened with hantavirus between 1993 and 2011, according to data from the Centers for Disease
Dengue Fever Vaccine May Be Launched By 2015. * Inviragen, working with Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
5 Minutes Of Peace. Wherever you are -- your home, office or a perfectly windy beach (with this video you can at least imagine) -- allow yourself
Frozen Yogurt Challenge. I am not the kid in the candy store, but the young woman in the froyo shop. This past weekend, my closest friend -- and frozen yogurt comrade -- and I presented each other with a challenge (spoon-in-mouth at Tasti D-lite, no less)
I'll Be Happy When.... Life is uncertainty. Life is change. There are islands of calm and certainty scattered throughout the ocean, but for the anxious mind the challenge is to learn how to find serenity even during the storm.
Weight Loss Success. I joined a gym, and walked on the treadmill, used the elliptical and did strength training twice a week. Today, I still walk
Perils of a Sugar-Coated Scapegoat. Excess dietary sugar is harmful, and among the salient liabilities of the modern food supply.  Sugar is not poison, however.  And yes, I think the distinction matters enough to keep fighting for it.  Here's why.
A Holistic Approach to Health in Early Recovery. For the alcoholic or addict who's just put down their drink or drug of choice, it seems like life is about to end. What they will eventually realize, if they stay sober, is that life is just beginning.
Why Is My Husband So Crabby in the Morning?. As long as you and your partner remain in different \time zones,\ the best you can do is learn to understand and respect each other's nature.
Sports Drink Alternatives? 7 Healthier Picks To Power Up Your Workout. In this scenario, homemade, all-natural versions of commercial sport drinks can be a good option. But no matter what you
30-Day Summer Shape Up Day 15. Summer means short sleeves and short shorts -- and that means revealing muscles that may have been hibernating through the winter.
Do You Fall Into This Happiness Trap?. It's very easy to fall into the happiness trap of false choices -- of thinking you can either do X or Y, and that's the choice you have to make.
Get Your Life. By now we should know that busyness doesn't equal productivity or importance. Lord knows, however, that we are remedial in our understanding of this.
Different Sports Require Different Motivational 'Self-Talk,' Study Finds. By Christie Nicholson (Click here for the original article and podcast) But a new study breaks down various types of motivational
Ultra Marathons Might Be Ultra Bad For Your Heart, Study Suggests. \Physical exercise, though not a drug, possesses many traits of a powerful pharmacologic agent,\ O'Keefe said. \As with any
Richard Dawson Esophageal Cancer. Pneumonia can also be a complication, \because a tumor is blocking the esophagus and forcing food and liquid down the windpipe
Louise Thompson, South Carolina Woman, Is 5th Recent Case Of Flesh-Eating Bacteria. According to the 2007 World Journal of Emergency Surgery study, necrotizing fasciitis can be hard to diagnose -- but being
Catching A Cold When It's Warm. Most everyone looks forward to summer -- time to get away, get outside and have some fun. So what could be more unfair than
U.S. On Track To Approve More Cancer Drugs This Year. * One-third of new drugs last year were for cancer Last year, 10 out of 30 new drugs approved by the FDA were for treatment
Mayor Bloomberg's New York Soda Ban. When New York City's Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg announced last week that he planned to propose a municipal ban on large sodas
Our Need for Nature. Remember this, when beset by the endless days of February or by other of life's burdens
OC 87. Bud Clayman, the subject of a new movie about thriving with and despite mental illness, has given us a message of hope. But for those that look beyond Bud and his family, we are left with the inescapable task of making what was possible for him possible for everyone so afflicted.
Celebrating National Cancer Survivor's Day. Being a survivor makes you take stock. Being a survivor gives you new insights. Being a survivor means living each day in appreciation, knowing that others did not have the same chance.
Drinking Soda Is Actually Good for You. I'd love to see the Big Gulp yanked -- not due to legislation, but due rather to poor sales from a healthy, educated consumer.
Drug Recalls Common In U.S., But Not Well-Publicized. NEW YORK, June 4 (Reuters Health) - The U.S. Food and Drug Administration recalls potentially harmful drugs about once every
Traditional Dentistry Wary Of Dental Therapists. The American Dental Assn. argues that dental therapists lack the training and education needed to perform irreversible surgical
Soul-Talk. What's the alternative when your negative emotions take center stage?  The simple answer is to use them to get back on course.
New York City Hopes to Ban Supersize Sugary Beverages. Given the health consequences and enormous cost of our country's obesity epidemic, it is time to return eating less. And banning the large sizes of unhealthy sugar-sweetened beverages is a good place to begin.
Static Exercise Moves. Mix some of these non-movements into your next workout. They're great between sets of repped exercises or strung together
Building a Meaningful Life. To find meaning in life, one needs to reframe reality in a cumulative way. Thus, our actions and activities get stored in a metaphorical bucket. We should set goals and make progress toward these goals.
Why We Sweat the Small Stuff. Some of us would rather pretend our hard battles don't exist and invent a war over the trivial instead. Half the time, we don't even know we're doing it. But there's hope.
The Last Diet You Will Ever Need. Each of us has the capacity to make the small changes in our lives that will create big changes in our food landscape, our agriculture and even our government policies.
Sleep Works With Our Genes to Keep Weight in Check. A recent study may be the first to show how sleep can either promote or suppress weight gain by affecting the genetic factors that play a role in weight.
The Joy of Connection in One Simple Step. Have we become so distracted and disconnected that we now have to thank each other for basic kindness, as if remembering what another is living is somehow an extra service and not an integral part of relationship?
Community-Based Work Requires Fearlessness!. Every single day I walk into my work with the fear and dread of my first day of kindergarten, desperately looking around the room for insights on who my friends will be and what the expectations are.
Yoga Could Help Stroke Rehabilitation, Study Suggests. Recently, a study presented at the 12th Annual Spring Meeting on Cardiovascular Nursing showed that appreciating the arts
Breast Cancer Treatment. Reaction so far has been positive. \We really do want to be part of the scientific discussions early on to help shape how
Get Over Your Fear Of Not Being Good Enough! (VIDEO). For more by Brad Yates, click here. For more on becoming fearless, click here. [1] Dawson Church, Ph.D., et al. \The Effect
Summer of Love. Soulful power is love-based rather than fear-based, inclusive rather than hierarchical. Not needing to exert itself over others, it stands freely on its own. It simply is. And it is mighty.
'Push Girls', Sundance TV Show, Breaks Wheelchair Boundaries. \It has been extraordinary to see the change. In the beginning of 'Little People' it used to be like, 'little person! midget
30-Day Summer Shape Up Day 14. Ruth Zukerman knows her stuff. The co-founder of a chain of indoor cycling studios called Flywheel has been leading fitness
Celebrities' Favorite Outdoor Workouts. By Jen\u00e9 Luciani for Shape.com Forget the stuffy gym. Mother Nature has so much more to offer! For more on celebrity fitness
Posture or Posturing. At some point in almost everyone's teen years, a well-meaning parent or teacher tells us to correct the way we're standing or sitting. It is a pose based on notions of \good posture\ that are more myth than fact.
How to Overcome Perfectionism. The opposite of perfection isn't imperfection or mediocrity; it's reality. It's possibility. It's all the magnificent points that exist all around the bull's eye.
Hair 'Em, Scare 'Em. I swam out of my gene pool with some crazy-curly, violently unruly, ratty-ass hair that requires great skill, serious funds, Japanese embalming fluid, hot irons in at least three different sizes and a mastery of these materials to create a look that's what I call... normal.
No More Excuses! It's Time to Step Up to Life. Our work is to go beyond the challenges that life has set up for us. It's a matter of stepping up to the plate. Because we can grow, or we can die. We can go big or go home. If we let life suck the life out of us, we've already lost.
A Mindfulness Practice for Weeding the Garden of Your Mind. When you stop and consider how many thought-seeds are blown, dropped, or purposefully planted in your mind on a daily basis, it may cause you to tend to your mental garden with a bit more regularity.
Why 8 Hours Of Sleep Makes You Fearless. I was in total denial about how being sleep deprived was negatively impacting my physical and psychological health -- including my judgment. The less I slept on a regular basis, the more anxiety and less perspective I had.
Avastin Delays Ovarian Cancer Progression In Trial. \It is the first time that a Phase 3 trial has shown a significant difference,\ said Pujade-Lauraine, the study's lead investigator
Healthy Mexican Food. That's why we asked Heather Bauer, R.D., C.D.N., author of \Bread is the Devil\ and HuffPost blogger, to talk us through
What Is a Tool?. As a therapist, the No. 1 complaint I hear from patients is that therapy takes too long to work. Why do we have to wait for what seems like forever for change to begin?
Sleep Your Way To Better Memory. Sleep Helps Store Emotional Memories As it turns out, your brain is particularly partial to storing emotional memories while
Why Is Death So Shocking?. I have been told by very wise people that I have to make friends with Death. I believe they are right. But I have not yet been able.
Fit Links. There are hundreds of wonderful sites on healthy living to be seen all over the blogosphere. Here at Fit Links, we'll introduce
Are You Still Renting Space in Plato's Cave?. Observe your thinking and be sure to evaluate this difference. Whatever we end up thinking becomes our reality.
The Myth of the 'Fine Line' Between Healthy and Unhealthy Drinking. It is a myth that the drinking world is neatly divided into two categories of people -- alcoholics vs. \everyone else\ -- where \everyone else\ has nothing to be concerned about.
Weight Loss Success. After Weight
Mindful in the Modern Age of Technology. Mindfulness at its best rests in the present moment without an agenda. It is pure awareness minus the tyranny of the intellect.
Suntan Bed Dangers. Here are a few facts that might help change your mind before sunbathing or using a suntan bed.
What Is It Going to Take to Get Exercise on an Even Keel With Diet for People With Diabetes?. I believe health care providers need to make the need for exercise more clear to patients with Type 2 diabetes and go the extra step in recommending current exercise guidelines.
Sunscreens for All Occasions. Now that summer has officially arrived, it is time to get serious about sunscreen. Regardless of what type of outdoor activity you have in mind, the sunscreen makers of the world have developed a host of products, some of them new and many of them with bonus properties.
Summer Shape-Up. With summer rolling in, your sleeves are going to be rolling up. This means bare arms, more neck, and possibly even a little waist is going to show. So today, you'll get five steps to ensure that you look good in your t-shirt this summer!
3 Character Traits That Intensify Work Stress. Job demands can certainly cause stress.  But your own reaction to those demands can have a significant impact on the intensity of stress you experience.
Many Americans Are Content With Early Death Due to Inactivity. Many of us know, yet few are willing to admit, that sitting, being sedentary, and living a computer-bound life lead to early death. These facts are so startling, yet there are still so many struggling with adopting an active lifestyle.
Looking Ridiculous, Giggling and Flailing on the Yoga Mat. In matters of the heart, finance, armed conflict and whoever's currently in the seats of power, I vacillate, suffer, howl and sink. On the yoga mat, however, I take what comes, even when nothing comes, even when what comes is pretty laughable... or damned unbearable.
Tense At Work? Try This 4 Minute Desk Stretch (VIDEO). Hard day at the office? Try this 4-minute neck and shoulder stretch -- you don't even have to get up from your desk! This
Co-Worker Karma. Working with others can sometimes be an ego nightmare. Learn to let go of resentments and experience miraculous shifts in your workplace.
Out of Work? Look Beyond Your Fear!. If you think of a job loss as an opportunity instead of as a reason to panic, it can be the wake-up call that prompts you to finally commit to having the career you really want.
The Essence of Intuition. Intuition is the voice of one's innate creative intelligence in communion with its surrounding conditions.
Creativity. I don't believe it is feminine or masculine. I believe it to be a capacity and a practice. A practice in the sense of discipline
7 June Superfoods. If ever there were a time of year when it just feels right to eat well, June is it. The air is sweet and warm and there are
The Depiction of Autism and Why it Matters. Being in contact with these kind autists has taught me more than any specialist, article, book or news show. These people with their writing and blogs have opened my mind to the very real possibilities that exist for my daughter. This gives me hope.
How Your Phone Could Help You Lead A Healthier Lifestyle. And participants in the study made healthier choices -- including eating more fruits and vegetables, and partaking in fewer
The ADHD Maverick. Adult ADHD doesn't have to be a bad thing. When you manage it properly, you can use it to your advantage.
This Woman's $20 Million Franchise Started In Her Living Room (VIDEO). 2) Learn to delegate. \I felt like I had to be all things to all people,\ admits Shannon. \That is not the case.\ 3) Work
Drug Shortages. \This is an act of daily living for people now,\ said Jay Mirtallo, president of the group. \How that can be acceptable, I
National Donut Day. June 1 has the dubious distinction of being the official holiday for everyone's favorite fried, hole-in-the-center treat
Arianna on 'The Conversation'. On May 31, Arianna Huffington appeared on Lifetime's \The Conversation,\ where she chatted with host Amanda de Cadenet about
Give No One Cause to Fear You. Much of the time the fear -- the anxiety, apprehension, unease -- we trigger in others is mild, diffused, in the background, maybe not even consciously experienced.
10 Surprising Things You Didn't Know About Your Skin. It's our body's largest organ yet there is still so much we don't know about our skin! From preventing wrinkles to the benefits
Do You Mistake Sex-Esteem for Self-Esteem?. It's always fun to be with someone living a vibrant and exciting life, but sometimes these people are acting out from deep-rooted self-esteem issues.
Sleep Apnea and Cancer. It's common knowledge that good sleep is healthy, and that not getting good sleep isn't healthy. I would not be surprised to find that \not getting good sleep\ contributes to a multitude of afflictions.
Exercise Makes You Smarter, Thanks To A Common Gene. In a study based at Dartmouth College, lead researcher Michael Hopkins and his team tested four different exercise schedules
Letting Your Fearless Flag Fly. Those of us who use our own life experiences as material are certainly no strangers to judgment. And that alone gives us the right to fly our fearless flags high.
The Bicep Curl. If you think a standing bicep curl is only working your bicep, think again. That is one of the biggest misconceptions about working out that many people are unaware of.
Men's Offices Germier Than Women's, Study Finds. They found that surfaces in office break rooms -- like microwave door handles and water fountain buttons -- as well as keyboards
YOUR Fearless Charms! (PHOTOS). Until we ran the Becoming Fearless post about \fearless charms\ on May 18, we had NO IDEA that the practice of wearing or
Prosopagnosia. It's not like forgetting a name, where you can apologize and ask again. In some cases, I can't recall people I've known for months or years. Basically, if someone is out of place or I don't see them on a usual basis, I am often stumped.
Are You 'Here'?. In our mulit-tasking world, we can fool ourselves by being proud of all we can get done. However, you have to ask yourself what the goal is.  Is it to get things done or to do things that matter?
In Defense of Slow and Tedious. What is at question, then, in the debate about short-term vs. long-term therapy is not how long the treatment takes. It is, rather, the existence, and the desirability (or not) of working with the unconscious.
Doctor Shopping. The prescription was forged. Jones reported it to police and the phony patient was arrested. (Reporting By Mary Wisniewski
Memorial Day Is Every Day. Monday was a national day of memory. For those of you who forgot to remember, its never too late to stand by those who have fallen.
Grief Has No Closure (Fortunately). Living with loss has no closure on pain but, thankfully, it also has no closure on love.  Transcending loss is the process of learning to live with love and loss side by side in a way that brings greater meaning and purpose into our lives.
Should Doctors Learn to Grieve?. Grieving openly serves the important function of assuring ourselves and others that it is normal, and temporary, and part of a full and authentic life. Only suppressed grief threatens one's mental health.
It's Time to Use Astrology for Your Decision-Making!. Astrology offers opportunities to those who are interested in defying convention and making practical use of information that some of our most skilled leaders have used for centuries.
Calcium Supplementation Linked to Increased Risk of Heart Attacks. Doctors have recommended calcium supplements for osteoporosis or osteoporosis prevention for years. Now comes a large observational study that showed a link between calcium supplementation and heart attacks.
World No Tobacco Day. Today is the 25th anniversary of World No Tobacco Day. \This research encourages all of us to continue the long fight against
The DMV Tried to Get Me to 'Just Say No!' to Organ Donation. I realize that a lot of people have issues with organ donation. But I think those who are promoting it, need to think about those on the frontlines and make sure their worthy efforts aren't being cobbled at the very last moment.
Find Your Ultra-Self According to Fitness Guru Rich Roll. Rich Roll, author, ultra-athlete, and wellness advocate whose book Finding Ultra was just published by Crown, spoke to me in California this week.
The Therapeutic Alliance. The anxiety of trying to change something as complex and entrenched as how you relate to people close to you or manage stress takes the feeling to a whole new level. Yet, that's just what you do when you enter psychotherapy.
WATCH. Have you ever yearned to express your purpose, find direction or do something meaningful, yet instead you find yourself stalled, stuck or stopped?
Drowsy Driving Just As Dangerous As Drunk Driving. Dr. Lisa Shives, M.D., of Northshore Sleep Medicine in Illinois and a \Chart\ blogger for CNN, wrote
A New Conversation About Dreams. Living your life as a dreamer is not just about achievement and accomplishment, or even success. It is about living your life, passionately pursuing the things that matter to you most, and learning and growing along the way.
Forget Your Self. The damaging and far-reaching emotional/spiritual consequences of our narcissistic obsession with the self is hardly examined; there is no distinction between practices that fortify the ego and those that weaken it.
A Complete Night's Sleep. As a child I remember the comfort I experienced being tucked in at night with great tenderness and loving by my mother.  As an adult, I have created a way to tuck myself in with the same sweetness and loving.
How 'Natural' Is Stevia?. It may be sweet and calorie-free, but extracting that flavor from a plant requires serious chemical interventions. Read more
'Old Person Smell'. In their new study, Lundstr\u00f6m and his colleagues sewed absorbent nursing pads into the armpits of T-shirts and asked volunteers
'Truman Show' Delusion. It\u2019s not that watching lots of reality TV causes a mental illness (believe it or not). Rather, an existing or nascent illness
Losing Weight, Hate and Obesity Bias. We need to stop blaming, hating and discriminating against obese people, but equally important, we need to use what we know to solve obesity and the obesity epidemic. That is the real solution to the evil of obesity bias.
30-Day Summer Shape Up Challenge. Doesn\u02bct it seem like summer comes faster each year, without notice... and then it's too late? I\u02bcve put together a four-week workout guide to help you shed some layers of fat and clothes!
People and Pets Need Help With Weight Issues. We should not wait until our pets or our loved ones are overweight to begin eating healthier. The truth is that eating properly should begin at birth and continue through their lives. This is so important.
A Problem Faced by Both Retirees and Dogs, and a Common Solution. We can help our domesticated canines satisfy their natural urges to chew and problem-solve by giving them toys that make them work for their food.
Living a Balanced and Healthy Lifestyle, From the Inside Out. As goalkeeper for the U.S. Women's National Soccer Team, I am always on the go. My hectic schedule can be trying, but I know that, in order to achieve my goals and look and feel my best, I need to maintain a balanced lifestyle.
People Newly Diagnosed With Diabetes Should Be Taught by Certified Diabetes Educators. Health care associations recommend that someone newly diagnosed with diabetes receive  a minimum of 10 hours of diabetes education within the first year of being diagnosed.
My Gluten-Free Diet Disaster. I'm not allergic to gluten, so I didn't expect that removing it from my diet would really do anything for me, except maybe help me drop a few pounds. But it did just the opposite; it made the scale needle start creeping up higher than usual.
Is This Floor Gluten-Free?. The unfunny reality is
Katy Hayes To Undergo Double-Arm Transplant After Losing Limbs To Flesh-Eating Bacteria (PHOTOS). Katy Hayes laughs in delight as she shares a moment with baby Arielle \I hope that everyone will understand why I did this
Swimming Pool Germs. By Deborah Dunham, for Blisstree.com Swimming is not a substitute for bathing. Too many people unknowingly treat the pool
My Fearless Adventure. I'm a bit impulsive, so when a chance came to race around a Grand Prix track at 150 miles an hour in a supercharged, ground-hugging, open-to-the-elements, hell-on-wheels speedster in Austin, Texas, I said, \Sure.\
Open to Change. The only way to open to change is to give up our resistance to it.  This letting go is the easiest and hardest thing in the world to accomplish.  The power of  opening to the present moment and letting things be what they are is a simple act, and in many ways a great relief.
Bath Salts. Users of the drug experience hallucinations, lose touch with reality and can exhibit psychotic behavior. To call Eugene's
HuffPost Workouts. In this situation, no normal playlist will do. I needed a playlist that understood the extreme heat I was facing
Engaging Life With Energy. As you proceed a little bit farther along the path of practicing essence love, pause every once in a while throughout the day to appreciate something that you've done.  It doesn't have to be a huge undertaking.
Add A Mantra To Your Meditation (WATCH). Whether you are a schooled meditator or still a novice, certain techniques can deepen your practice. Have you considered
Electronically Present. I'll admit to texting while driving. I'll further admit to texting someone else while that person's driving. Did I know it was potentially dangerous? Sure, but it was just the one time and, surely, nothing bad would happen. Something bad happened to Shannon Colonna.
Shift Work May Raise Breast Cancer Risk. The Toronto Sun reported that the results confirm the findings of the International Agency for Research on Cancer, which
The Real Mad Men. How many of us (myself included) have sat with a car engine running, a few blocks away from \home\ reading emails and trying to avoid going home at all?  How many of us feel more intimate with email and Internet colleagues we \know\ at a safe distance?
Miracles and Monks. We've all experienced the strength of negative thoughts. If we are not aware in the present moment they can quickly sneak up on us and drag us down the rabbit hole of disconnection, despair and depression.
Reflections on Wisdom, Wellness, and Wholeness. The teachings of all the world's great wisdom traditions remind us that we have both an ordinary and a extraordinary identity, a personal and a universal nature.
Sitting All Day? Head-To-Toe Tips For A Healthier Workstation. Regular exercise and periodic standing breaks throughout the day are certainly good ideas. Not to mention there are all sorts
Healing The Scars of Child Abuse. Whether you were held or beaten, cared for or neglected, happy or sad, take a moment to remind yourself that we are not defined by what has been done or done to us, but by what we choose to do with the time we have left.
Personality Genes Tied To Lifespan, Study Suggests. The study was based on an analysis of 243 people with an average age of 97.6. These people were part of a bigger study, called
5 Things We Can Learn From Children. Remember the innocence of childhood? We didn't worry about money, jobs, debt, or the economy. We didn't have angry bosses
Office Upgrade. There are entire ad campaigns devoted to the subject
Could Bloodletting Help People With Metabolic Syndrome?. The study tracked 33 patients with metabolic syndrome\u2014defined by the presence of some of an assortment of conditions, such
10 Ways to Improve Depression and Anxiety without Meds. I am always mindful of ways we can enhance mood and wellbeing, specifically methods related to our ways of thinking and daily behaviors. Here are my top 10 recommendations for improving depression and anxiety, sans medication.
The Real Skinny on Snacking. Snacking is a very healthy habit; in my experience, people who lose weight and keep it off snack once or twice a day.
Inspiring a Mindful Nation. There have been a number of people and books raising awareness of the importance of cultivating greater mindfulness for the purpose of healing great stress, anxiety, depression, addiction, chronic pain and even creating great joy.
Resilience Linked With Life Satisfaction. Researchers from the Universitat Autonoma de Barcelona found that people who are more resilient are also more likely to report
The Missing Piece. Have you ever been stuck in the middle of a puzzle, jigsaw or not, wondering if the next piece -- thought or action -- will be the one that helps complete the picture?
How to Overcome Your Unwillingness to Forgive. It's easier to forgive others if we can find some meaning, some wisdom, some benefit born of the assault and the suffering we experienced.
How to Enjoy a Cruise Vacation Without Going Overboard. By changing your cruise mindset to a mindful eating mindset, you'll enjoy your cruise -- or any vacation -- without taking it home with you.
7 Surprising Sources Of Fiber. To get those benefits, the Institute of Medicine recommends individuals eat 14 grams for every 1,000 calories of food, which
The Prostate Screening Predicament. The USPSTF has moved on from ambivalence about prostate cancer screening with the PSA test, and inveighed decisively against it -- a recommendation that is apt to stoke the flames of competing passions, and generate a whole lot of heat but altogether too little light.
Breaking the Cycle of 'Learned Helplessness'. Effectively engaging vulnerable patient populations in their care is attainable and vital, and will improve health outcomes and contain costs.
A Richer Life by Seeing the Glass Half Full. The definition of an optimist
Aspirin Linked With Lower Skin Cancer Risk. She wrote
Hormone Therapy 'Not Recommended' By Government Panel. The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force says menopausal women should not use hormone therapy -- estrogen either alone or
5 Exercises for a Blissful Heart. \Defying Uncertainty,\ by Martha Ramirez-Oropeza William Douglas Horden is spiritual teacher who has spent the last 40 years
The Life Out Loud. Did we really want to buy a house? No. It just had felt like what we should do. What we really wanted, what would make us truly happy, was not fitting ourselves into some prescribed mold but making our greatest dreams come true.
Think Like a Lion Tamer About the Hurt in Your Life. Have you recently been through a challenge, disappointment, break up or disloyalty with somebody in your life? If so, it's important to take some time to think like a lion tamer about your pain, so you can tame the possibility of more negativity coming back to bite you again!
Knowing What You Want Is a Guiding Force. The difference between feeling obligated and burdened and free and happy in life, is the realization that life is about choices.
WATCH. \We are living in this world where we still believe that, in order to succeed, somehow we have to work 24/7 and be always
You Can Let Your Guard Down. There are real risks in trusting another enough to let your guard down, to let them see all facets of you and perhaps to even let them take care of you. The key is to not let fear stop your progress or halt you from taking action.
Fix Your Form. Missed It? You can still participate in the 30-Day Summer Shape Up
Want To Lose Weight? Get Some Sleep. So what's the harm in skimping on an hour or two of sleep each night? Appetite-controlling hormones get thrown out of whack
5 Striking Spots for Chance Meetings. Meeting people does not have to be intimidating or even difficult. Oftentimes, it happens when we least expect it, and it can happen anywhere.
The Secret to Loving Having Your Body Full of Needles. Acupuncture is usually portrayed as a blissful spa-like experience, so relaxing that it causes people to drift off into a peaceful, healing sleep. But not always, and many people have the most anxiety around the part when the needle-wielding acupuncturist leaves their side.
'Sensory Integration Therapies' For Sensory Processing Disorder Lack Evidence, AAP Says. The American Academy of Pediatrics recommends, \At this time, pediatricians should not use sensory processing disorder as
30 Questions That Will Change The Way You Think. Technology has made our daily lives infinitely faster and much more compressed - everything is accessible 24/7 (including
Honoring the Honesty Box. A good many people here still have an intrinsic trust in others in this age when we are quick to doubt, find fault or simply don't trust as easily as did our ancestors. Why is it so hard for us to believe that people will do the right thing when given the opportunity?
Weight Loss Success. For more on weight loss, click here. I thought to myself, \u201cYou tell me this now, when I'm too fat? How come you didn't do
Healthy Eating. When I first started out in private practice, I had completed my bachelor's and master's degrees in nutrition science. For
The Downside of Planning. If you find yourself overwhelmed by the details, then try to scale back your expectations.  Even small steps toward a goal are better than no steps at all.
Films for Your Soul. Memorial Day is a day of remembrance of those who have died in our nation's service. Regardless of what our opinions are about war, one fact remains
Let Freedom Ring. Sometimes, the original sentiment of a holiday can get lost. In today's case, the true meaning of Memorial Day might get
Lawn Game Calorie Counts. We all know how many calories there are to gain at this weekend's varied Memorial Day celebrations. Between the barbecues
HDL and Sudden Death. A year later, when my friend and I had a happy reunion in California, and I was, again, expressing my thanks to him, he smiled.  \Let's face it,\ he said, \you and I wouldn't be sitting here today if you hadn't gone to high school with the right guys.\
How to Awaken Your Kundalini. Kundalini literally means 'coiled.' In hindu mythology, kundalini is a coiled serpent at the base of your spine that, when
Cannabis Capsules Fail To Slow Multiple Sclerosis. By Ben Hirschler \Overall the study found no evidence to support an effect of THC on MS progression in either of the main
5 Ways Summer Affects Our Sleep. It won\u2019t be long before the dog days of summer are in our midst. But each season has its own unique way of affecting one
Fear Dreams. \u201cI asked her what seals are like, and she said, \u2018Oh, they\u2019re so sweet, so dear, with big brown eyes.\u2019 So I asked if there
How To Pick The Healthiest Frozen Treats. A warm-weather holiday weekend just wouldn't feel complete without a sweet treat to top off that barbecue. But if you're
Temperatures And Health. In general, our bodies do a pretty good job of acclimating to the heat, but we just have to give them the chance to adapt
Can Social Networks Cure Disease? Part II. Acute disease can be left to the hospitals, but creating health and healing of chronic disease seems to happen best in the community -- with people helping people where each one of us lives, where we eat, cook, learn, work, play and pray.
The Girl Who Cried Entrepreneur. In a world where we have more choices then we know what to do with, we can get addicted to making choices and become not so interested in actually sticking with one of them. This video is for anyone who has a dream or anyone looking for clarity in discovering their dream.
The Best And Worst Picnic Foods. For more on diet and nutrition, click here. A gorgeous day, great food -- who doesn't love a picnic? You, that's who, if
Is Excessive Daytime Sleepiness the Cause of Learning and Behavior Problems in Children?. A recent study suggests that many cases of ADHD in children may have been misdiagnosed, and that behavior such as moodiness and hyperactivity might in fact be due to obstructive sleep apnea or other sleep disorder.
1 in 5 Americans Will Get Skin Cancer. Here's How To Protect Yourself. Scientists measured the brain activity and blood flow of study participants subjected to ultraviolet radiation in a tanning
Memorial Day. Getting veterans to the help they need is imperative. It is also valuable for us to have an understanding of the many factors that lead to increased suicide risk among veterans.
WATCH. How much more success, joy and fulfillment could you experience if you felt more comfortable sharing yourself -- and your gifts and talents -- with more people...? Let's tap out any fear of doing so!
Take Time to Make This Day a Memorial Day. Traditionally Memorial Day is to honor the memories of those we've lost, particularly those who sacrificed their lives in military service for our country.
Accessing Your Own Bottomless Well of Beauty. However you do it, get back in touch with your body, your heart, and reconnect to your source of wonder. Because that wonder is you.
What My 3-Year-Old Taught Me About Fear. I don't profess to be fearless. In fact, I'm scared of a great many things.
Memorial Day. This Memorial Day, honor those who have fallen in service to the nation. They have given the last full measure and they surely deserve our respect and gratitude. But take just a minute to honor those who fought in our wars and lived. For many, their battles are far from over.
Try Meditation (WATCH). Is the holiday weekend getting to be a little much for you? Enjoy your family and friends, but don't forget to take some
How Not To Give A Sh*t. Video
Clean and Easy Gluten-Free Snacks. The benefits of eating clean, wholesome gluten-free food will have you feeling good and good about yourself.  Here are some quick and easy snacks to hold you over and keep you and your gluten-free belly happy.
7 Tips I Use to Spark My Creativity. I've read a lot of advice about how to spark creativity. Everyone's creativity takes a different form, however, so the advice that works varies from person to person.
How Self-Talk Can Help Accomplish Goals. Do you regularly talk to yourself, either aloud or in just in your head? How do you think it helps you as you carry out daily
Who or What Is God?. What is the story you are telling yourself?   How does this story keep you stuck, fearful, angry and arguing for more of the same?
Sunscreen Guide. Memorial Day rings in the summer season and, along with barbecue equipment, beach toys and sandals, stores are beginning
6 Warm-Weather Low-Calorie Cocktails. By Tina Haupert Everyone loves a nice, cold drink every now and then! But when it comes to maintaining a feel-great weight
Memorial Day Chores. For many, Memorial Day weekend is a time for barbecues and beach trips, complete with an extra day off to celebrate the symbolic
Need a Fearlessness Boost? Get More Sleep! (Video). This week, I want to explore how sleep and fear are related. Their connection is direct and undeniable, as lack of the prior leads to an increase in the latter.
Embracing Inclusion Banishes Fear. My own fears were not about the people I loved rejecting me. They were all fears about those outside of my immediate circle of trust and love.... In naming and befriending my fears, their power to confine and define me was deflated.
The Surprising Benefits Of Daydreaming. Are you a daydreamer? Does your mind wander? Good. Watch and learn about the surprising benefits of daydreaming.
Ira Israel. Once we make the decision to take ourselves off of autopilot and live mindfully and authentically, the possibilities for real connections, peace, ease, calm, love, and joy flourish.
Thoughts for College Dropouts. This is Part II of \Love,\ started on the 8th of last month. I didn't plan on a Part II because I thought this little blog
Weight Loss Success. Name
Doctor Note-Taking Style Could Affect Patient Care. Thirty days after the visits, the researchers looked at how the patients were cared for with 15 different measures. However
Food Connects Us, Says Crescent Dragonwagon (Video). \We never eat alone,\ says Crescent Dragonwagon. \Even if you are eating by yourself, you are not alone.\
Fit Links. Take the guesswork out of healthy eating with these straightforward four-ingredient meals from Fit Bottomed Girls. For more
Marion Nestle Says Calories Count for Weight Loss, Health (Video). The conclusion of Dr. Marion Nestle's Why Calories Count offers refreshingly straightforward advice about how to stay healthy and trim in a society that promotes overeating
Game of Thrones and True Bravery [SPOILER ALERT!]. Fear can be extremely negative. Fear keeps us from living our dreams, makes us scared of people who are different, creating war and racism. It lies to us about our potential. We want to be fearless, right?
Changes to Mental Health Diagnosis Could Impact Caregivers. How mental health professionals diagnose their patients could be changing, therefore affecting patients, families, and caregivers, after 2013.
More Sleep Equals Less Weight -- An Opportunity Lost?. The fight against obesity will be difficult to win unless all obstacles are addressed. A golden opportunity may be lost unless America recognizes that more sleep equals less weight.
GIG Spark. In the spirit of being present while going to and fro, I want to introduce our latest GIG Spark. Melissa Cheng produced our latest GIG video. Her goal
How to Alter Your Past -- Or Your Future -- and Change Your Present. Can you travel back into your past and alter something that will change yourself in the present? And, could you travel into your future and also alter your present?  It looks like it might be possible, and it's not science fiction.
Dreaming Of Quitting Your Job? This Fearless Woman Did It! (VIDEO). 2) Start by taking small risks. You don't have to quit your job; instead, you can begin pursuing your endeavor on the side
Dementia In 'Middle-Income' Countries May Be Higher Than Thought; Linked With Education Levels. The study included 12,800 people ages 65 and up, who had both the DSM-IV dementia criteria and the 10/66 Dementia Diagnosis
Safety First, Yet the Facts Hurt. If we're going to lower the number of injuries in America, we need to redouble efforts.  We need to adopt, implement and enforce evidence-based approaches, and increase public awareness of ways we can all keep ourselves and our families safer.
Doc Watson Hospitalized After Falling In His Home. The News and Observer noted that he went to Watauga Medical Center after his fall, but was then transferred to a different
Celebrity Couples Who Exercise Together. While Clarkson and her new boyfriend might keep their workouts separate, here are some other celeb couples who are often
Overcoming Stigma and Improving Mental Health in America. This May marks the 63rd anniversary of Mental Health Month, but the problem of mental illness requires greater attention as a major 21st-century public health challenge.
Healthy Feet. Memorial Day is around the corner, and sandals are making their official 2012 debut. And for many of us, that means retreating
Chronic Disease Targeted By World's Health Ministers. RISK FACTORS \Conventional wisdom is 'Oh, well this a mainly a high-income country issue'. It is not. NCDs is the biggest
How To Stay Strong And Prevent Muscle Loss. Taking a break can also impact muscle function. While flexibility and power decrease substantially after just one week of
How Often Do You Make a Moral Compromise?. I've learned not to think there's always a right and wrong course of action immediately evident.   It can be important to observe and explore one's thoughts and feelings around a moral decision -- however big or small.
Why Is Everybody Always Pickin' on Me?. There is nothing we must change in others, nothing to fix, nothing to touch. The mere reflection of our truest state of compassion and love moves mountains.
Water. Here it is, the easiest, most important step that you can take to improve your diet and get healthy
Run Past Your Goals and Find Yourself. Up until a month ago, my longest run had been somewhere around three miles.  I ran for no reason but to exercise. I always had a point A and a point B that were close enough to just keep me in shape, but were never that much of a struggle.
Why Couples Fight. We think most couples wait too long to get help, so we want to bring the simple practices of a conscious partnership into the mainstream so people know how to be in a marriage before they enter one.
Wealth School. Loving attitudes and actions conquer fear. How? With a loving attitude you are free from the negativity that can cause you to feel trapped and isolated.
The New Way To Beat Food Cravings. What's more, when you're in full-on craving mode, your brain convinces you that you are famished, making the food more difficult
Kidney Disease. Yes, there are many significant benefits of screening and early detection of kidney disease, but no, not everyone should be or needs to be screened.
Lose Weight, Gain Body Confidence? Not Necessarily, Says Purdue Researcher Sarah Mustillo. What is it about our culture that makes it so darned hard for girls to have good body image?  Why, in fact, does bad body image plague America's great, multi-generational sorority?
Which is More Fattening, Guilt or Resentment?. Which is more fattening, guilt or resentment?  Ideally, neither, as using food to cope with feelings is a behavior it would be good to change.
Zach Tahir, 5-Year-Old Who Has Pica, Eats Window Blinds, Thread And Wall Plaster. \He eats almost anything -- mud and moss, stones, carpet, grow bags, thread, paper, wallpaper and hair,\ Horn told the Daily
Eat Local App. Asparagus, radishes, and spinach are trending this week in my neck of the woods. These foods are in season and likely at
Italian Doctors Save Baby With Smallest Artificial Heart. By Antonio Denti \The patient was in our intensive care unit since one month of age. So he was a mascot for us, he was one
10 Weight Control Commandments for Fast Food. When you are in the mood for fast food, here are my 10 fast food commandments to to help you control weight.
You Tried It. For more videos, check out the rest of the You Tried It series here. This week, we have Amy Dixon leading us through a series
Death. In spite of decades working with the dying and bereaved families, my familiarity with end-of-life choices, death and grief was now staring me in the face, reflecting the image of the woman who gave birth to me.
The Moment I Knew I Needed More Sleep. The moment I knew I needed more sleep was four years ago, when I learned the value of sleep -- the hard way. What was the moment you knew you needed to get more sleep? I want to hear your story.
Emotional Eating, or Is It Really Just Poor Nutrition?. I understand that some people truly deal with emotional eating, but lately with the hype about low- or no-carb diets, I am encountering more and more people coming to see me with complaints of experiencing fatigue along with intense carb cravings.
How to Motivate Someone. We are learning that people are motivated to assert their values.  So if you want to motivate someone -- a loved one, a student, or employees -- you would be wise to focus on what they care about.
Sleep Apnea Linked To Diabetes (Again). Past research has also shown a link between diabetes and sleep apnea -- a 2007 study from Yale researchers showed that the
8 Great Vegetarian Ways To Get More Protein. The USDA recommends that women get about 46 grams of protein a day and men get about 56. Some people, like athletes and pregnant
Make Money the Miracle-Minded Way. In my 12 years as an entrepreneur I've come to realize that without my deep passion and desire to serve, I never would've been able to accomplish what I have.
Emptying My Bucket List. Finding my former life list was like suddenly seeing the face of an old frenemy in the crowd
Clear the Way to Clarity and Momentum. If you're not getting the results you want, if you're frustrated because you feel clueless as to your next steps or if you just feel stale, these basics will be worth the visit.
Exercise Linked With Decreased Psoriasis Risk. Researchers found that physical activity was linked with psoriasis, in that the most active women had a lower risk of the
5 Keys to Cutting Your Mental and Emotional Umbilical Cord. It is essential to recognize that these family roles are not \the truth,\ but simply the roles we assume in our relationship to other family members. Typically, there is a sense of self that doesn't match the role, and the individual struggles to reconcile the two.
Disrupted Sleep Patterns Hinder Mice's Fertility, Study Finds. The five-day shifts occurred over 25 days. By the end, 90 percent of the mice that were kept on a consistent light-dark schedule
Asthma Is Work-Related For 9 Percent Of U.S. Adults. Workplace environments continue to be blamed for causing or worsening cases of asthma, according to the latest survey of
WATCH. From \Money Rules\ author Jean Chatzky to entrepreneur Bill Rancic to comedians Kathy Griffin and Lisa Lampanelli, these
15 Things You Should Give Up To Be Happy. Here is a list of 15 things which, if you give up on them, will make your life a lot easier and much, much happier. We hold
Lana Kuykendall, Mom With Flesh-Eating Disease, Remains Critical. By Harriet McLeod Kuykendall's family members have created a website, www.FaithHopeLana.com, to keep family and friends updated
Dopamine Beta Hydroxylase Deficiency, Rare Disorder, Causes Severe Head Rushes. \DBHD is extraordinarily rare,\ says Robertson, who is also the principal investigator of the Autonomic Rare Disease Consortium
How Eating Probiotic-Rich Can Protect You From Heart Disease. While gut health and heart disease may seem unrelated at first glance, it turns out that the friendly bacteria living in our intestines may offer more benefits to our health than we ever imagined.
10 Things We Learned from Fat, Sick and Nearly Dead. Here are 10 things we learned from a fascinating film that chronicles Joe Cross's personal mission to regain his health while traveling across America, juicer in tow, and inspiring others to do the same.
What Excuses Might We Be Using to Keep Ourselves From Crossing Our Own Finish Lines?. Sixteen days after this year's London Marathon ended, a final entrant crossed the finish line. Claire Lomas, who is paralyzed from the chest down, finished the marathon with a little help from her \robotic\ legs -- along with a very healthy dose of willpower and sheer determination.
Why Caregivers Need Self-Compassion. Although the term \compassion fatigue\ is well-known, some psychologists are starting to argue that the term should be changed to \empathy fatigue.\
Let's Revolutionize Prostate Cancer. The time for a new approach for men and prostate cancer screening has now come.  But you must be persistent and seek a new course.
Germy Office Surfaces. The study researchers were aiming to obtain the levels of adenosine triphosphate, found in animal, mold, yeast, bacteria
Tapping Away Trauma. EFT involves techniques that combines exposure, cognitive restructuring, waking hypnosis, and physical relaxation while tapping on a sequence of pressure points and repeating key phrases out loud.
Humanizing the Doctor-Patient Relationship, Online. While the internet will never -- and should never -- replace a patient's in-person interaction with his or her doctor, it has created an unprecedented level of access to information about various symptoms and conditions, and also about the doctors themselves.
100 Tips for a Healthier Summer. It's time to fast track to get your body in peak fat-burning condition. By combining the right foods and beverages and amplifying your workouts, your bod will be in head-turning shape all summer long.
Perfecting Patience. When we encounter situations that requires patience, can we look at it as an opportunity to be the person we already are?
Finding Paradise in the Exotic and the Ordinary. The truth is, every moment has this potential seeded within it, for paradise is what we bring to the moment through our willingness to open and be receptive to the beauty that is already there.
Getting Ahead of the Vitamin D Revolution Curve. No question, doctors and patients are now joining the vitamin D revolution in large numbers.  More and more doctors are ordering tests to determine vitamin D blood levels and more patients are reading about the positive benefits of vitamin D in news reports.
The Wisdom of Circular Thinking. What we have lost over the ages, however, is the ability to think in anything but a straight line. Our culture associates
Birth Control. \We knew that pills have a failure rate, and we knew that the long-acting reversible contraception options were excellent
10 Reasons Fish Make Good Pets. Fish make truly wonderful pets for people who don't have the time or physical space to devote to a higher-maintenance companion animal.
How Stress Makes You Fat. A number of studies have shown that stress leads to weight gain, partly by increasing the body's cravings for sugary carbs and fatty foods.
WATCH. Fear is often a bigger part of our lives than we are consciously aware, and it can limit our experience of health, wealth and happiness. Fortunately, there are tools to deal with fear -- and EFT/tapping is one of the simplest yet most effective ways to set ourselves free.
The List Method. Once you specify what you are looking for in a mate, it's amazing how quickly that person can arrive in your life. Or you may discover that someone who has been in your life for a while just happens to be exactly who you were looking for.
A Sea of 'Happiness' Without Memory. I'm using a part of this holiday coming up to remind myself about how going through tough feelings can be a much more grounded and sane way of resolving conflict than gliding above it all.
Art Helps People Live With Mental Illness. Being with so many like-minded people and having a sense of camaraderie are clearly important dimensions of the experience for these artists. It's being in a place without stigma, where people believe in themselves and their abilities.
The New (Ab)Normal. The average restaurant meal is four -- four -- times larger than it was in the 1950s. In fact, 96 percent of entrees at chain
HuffPost Workouts. Infectious beats and rhythms are the key to good exercise music because they help you forget you are exercising. You get caught up in the vibe and often in the lyrics, and it's an excellent distraction.
Let's Look at What We Call the 'Mind'. When you are no longer identified with and through \mind.\ when you can see your thoughts and beliefs for what they are (and not reality), there is no need to divide against them and mind.
American Fitness Index 2012. \We want to look at an entire population, but not just how often they exercise. [We're interested in] whether they have good
Why Do We Twitch As We're Falling Asleep?. You're drifting off to sleep, when suddenly you feel like you're plunging off a cliff -- and you jerk awake. The jolt is
Being Indispensable. When you demonstrate willingness to support another person, to support your team or to support your family, you are indispensable. And, many times, it requires stepping beyond our discomfort, resistance and embarrassment.
Fitness Tips From Professional Dancers. Do this 50 times total, but alternate feet after 3 reps. Make sure to point your toes of the lifted foot and stretch when
What Is The Meaning Of Life?. When you learn to serve others selflessly you tap into the inner goodness and love buried beneath your ego and protective facade. The joy of putting a smile on another person's face is by far the most precious thing you'll experience in this lifetime.
5 Pet Poisons Hiding in Your Purse, Backpack or Work Bag. A handbag or similar item lying open with contents exposed can prove an irresistible temptation to a confined, curious and perhaps slightly bored pet.
Roll With the Waves. Wherever you stand, near or far from the coast, it's good to dig in your toes with the push and pull of life.  Notice the waves or whether the surface of the water is calm.
Nutrition Guidance. There is an intrinsic problem with measuring the quality of a system by how well it conforms to what you already believe.  Such a system gets bonus points for agreeing with you -- even when you are wrong.
Films for Your Soul. Stirring the soul is exactly what the artists behind the movie Sacred Earth set out to achieve
The Real Reason Downward-Facing Dog Is So Good for You. Downward-facing dog is unique in its ability to engage, in one fell swoop, acupuncture's largest and most all-encompassing channel. For the remaining few who haven't already, it's time to strike this pose.
SLIDESHOW. On May 3, HuffPost Becoming Fearless and Toyota Corolla teamed up to announce Toyota Corolla's Most Fearless Tweet Contest
I Am Fly. It Says So On My Nametag.. For decades I thought I was in charge because I had dominion over editors and magazine content and kept myself very, very busy. Sitting at home was for sissies. I made things happen, and I exerted control, but my choices and directions always bent to the whim of the people who paid me.
GPS to a Quiet Mind. Meditation is simple and transformative, yet it is highly misunderstood. Some people think it is about controlling our mind or stopping our thinking, while others see it as both weird and wacky or boring and meaningless.
Is Your Humor Hurting People?. There's someone in every family and group of friends who always has a joke ready for any situation.  Being able to see the funny moments in any situation can be a great quality, but sometimes the laughter is really meant to cover deep negative emotions.
Scientists Sequence Genomes Of 12 Antibiotic-Resistant Staphylococcus Aureus Strains. Scientists have gained new clues into what makes certain strains of Staphylococcus aureus so resistant to antibiotics. The
Tafamidis. * Outside advisers to FDA to vote on drug on Thursday The director of the FDA's division of neurology products, Dr. Russell
Foraging for Ramps. 1. Everyone in, everyone out. This means everyone who helps in the gathering gets a fair share at the end of the day. Ramp
How to Get Things Done. We all procrastinate.  Whether it's putting off the challenging phone call or trolling Facebook when we should be writing a proposal, we all avoid certain tasks.
Restaurant Portion Size. And don't think you're doing your diet any favors by ordering an appetizer instead of a main dish -- the researchers reported
Minimize Distraction to Restore Connection. An important question to ask ourselves then
Death Rate Drops Among Americans With Diabetes. ATLANTA, May 22 (Reuters) - A 40 percent decline in the death rate of diabetic American adults from heart disease and strokes
What's the Most Popular Resolution for Happiness?. When people tell me they've done their own happiness projects, I always ask, \What resolutions did you try? What worked for you?\ One answer comes up more than any other.
What Does Having Sex Mean to You?. Sex means different things to different people, and what it means to you might be having a big effect on your relationship.
Weight Loss Could Decrease Estrogen, A Known Risk Factor For Breast Cancer. Researchers noted that there's a generally known link between obesity and breast cancer in postmenopausal women, with body
The View from My 31st Birthday. So what if my life isn't exactly what my 20-something self thought it would be by now? I still have plenty of time to accomplish everything I want in life, and I'm not afraid to climb the mountains it takes to enjoy the view.
Stress Relief. By Jessica Smith for Shape.com While following a regular exercise program is a great way to relieve stress, some workouts
How to Align Your Values and Your Life. \Living your values\ means placing greater emphasis on and making a greater commitment to activities, experiences, and people that express those values. It also involves creating balance in your life.
Fighting My Mother's Cancer With Text Messages. \I love you. Was just thinking how hard my fight has been and how tired I am... But then I thought about you and it gives me a shot of will power to keep going.\
Be Empowered by Your Career. In this vlog I touch on the key components to having a successful career that is socially responsible.
Double-Dipping Workouts. Balance is the key to a healthy lifestyle. To many of us, time is our most precious commodity. We would love an extra hour's sleep, one more day on vacation, or a morning free. So when we take time out of our schedules to exercise, we should use our time efficiently.
Pop Playlists From Top Trainers And Fitness Instructors. Upgrade your workout music with these upbeat tunes from top trainers and fitness instructors. Read more on Women's Health
Top 5 Reasons Women Seek Holistic Remedies. Apparently, there are a lot of tired women wondering how to feel renewed and re-energized. Here is nutritional therapist and herbalist China Rose Reid's list of the top five complaints that she hears from women, along with some of her suggestions.
New Science Behind Kicking Those Stubborn Food Cravings. Recent research has shown that exercise actually changes the way our brain responds to the very idea of food.
The Evil Gender Bias of Obesity and Weight Gain. The obesity bias is far nastier for women than men -- overwhelmingly so. It is insidious and needs to be pointed out and stopped.
Please Meditate. Tighten and tenderize your relationship with your body by suspending criticism and judgement for just a few minutes (at least!), shifting your focus to gratitude in this guided meditation.
Too Good To Be True? A History Of Dubious Fitness Gadgets. Last week, the shoe company Skechers was forced to pay a $40 million fine for fraudulent claims related to their 'Shape-Ups
How to Make Organic Food Shopping Fun for Kids (and Parents!). For more from Maria Rodale, go to www.mariasfarmcountrykitchen.com I know, you're probably thinking, \Well, she can afford
Why We Create Moral Issues. The concept of fairness is a moral value.  Why are discussions of issues like gay marriage turned into moral issues? According to a new study, the psychological value of creating a moral issue is that it gives people a legitimate reason to have an opinion on an issue.
Weight Loss Success. I realized that I can do anything that I really want, as long as I work for it. Nothing is easy, but if you keep trying it
How Well Will I Get?. Even adults who have struggled with anorexia nervosa for years can get better -- but do they ever recover completely?
C. Diff Infections Are Rising, Study Finds. Cases of the bacterial infection Clostridium difficile -- also known as C. diff -- are increasing in the United States, and
50 Awesome Pre And Post-Workout Snacks. Breakfast is the most important meal of the day for some, but for those who manage to squeeze some gym time into their routine
Wake Up and Live. Only we can awaken our selves. That takes hard, hard work. Any one who tells us otherwise is lying.
Fear Of Spiders Overcome By A Single Therapy Session, Study Finds. The researchers also asked them to try to touch a tarantula -- or at least get as close to it as possible -- and found that
Fending Off Fitness Fatigue. Runners stumble, yogis yawn, and even the bulkiest body builders get bored. But fitness experts say there are specific tricks
Top 5 Hormone Superheroes. Here are the hormonal \best in class.\ Vanguards of new paradigm medicine, they aim to repair and prevent rather than to postpone the inevitable or mask symptoms with the latest antidepressant.
Sleepy Surgeons. The results, published in the Archives of Surgery Monday, state that on average, surgical residents were functioning at less
The View's 'Fat Show'. But no matter what you call it, the show delved into the complexities of the issue, with a combination of real people with
Teen Diabetes. \This really speaks to the need for pediatricians to be vigilant about following screening recommendations, especially for
Preventing Degenerative Brain Disease in Our Children. If the experts in traumatic brain injury think there's value in using genotyping to gauge the risks of high-impact sports for their own children, as noted by the authors in a recent research paper, it must be of value to others, too.
The Voice Of Fear Vs. The Voice Of Wisdom. If you are like me, you want a CLEAR answer. I wanted to know FOR SURE if an idea popped into my head, an opportunity headed my way, a decision I had to make was driven by FEAR or was a gift from my inner wisdom.
11 Surprising Symptoms Of Acid Reflux. But sometimes acid reflux symptoms are less than obvious or easy to mistake for something else. For more on personal health
What Food Labels Really Mean. For most, deciphering nutrition labels can be like reading hieroglyphics. It can be time-consuming and thankless. I'm committed to providing my readers as much accurate nutrition information as possible.
My Fear Toolkit. Fear has a way of sliding in through the back door, oozing between my thoughts, thrusting itself into any and all thinking if I allow it to. So I've learned I have to cut it off at the pass.
Making Significant Changes in Your Early 40s. The early 40s are the years to make significant changes to head off accelerated aging. It's a \make or break it\ time of life. You can tailspin into aging, or you can revamp and renew yourself.
Spring Cleaning -- or Not. It's not what I do -- the item on the list -- that ultimately matters. What matters is why I put the task on the list in the first place. That's the energy that drives intention.
How I Learned to Stop Fearing My Reflection. Accepting our bodies -- and meaning it -- is harder than it seems. I don't want to live my life always five or 10 or 30 pounds away from being okay with myself.
Can Social Networks Cure Disease? Part I. After Haiti I realized that the answer had to be somewhere else.  If social networks can promote unhealthy lifestyles, maybe we can use social networks to create health.
Lana Kuykendall Flesh-Eating Bacteria. Kuykendall's infection was caused by Group A streptococcus, said Dr. Bill Kelly, epidemiologist for the Greenville Hospital
What's Behind Emotional Overeating?. By taking action on a physical level and taking interest on an emotional level, we can re-establish our relationship with food, with our bodies, with our past, and with ourselves as a whole.
A Good Night's Sleep Or Good Sex? Do Mattresses Force Us To Choose?. More from Blisstree
Planning Is Less Effective When You're Juggling Multiple Goals. This may be because people become overwhelmed when they think of all that has to go in to accomplishing several goals, as
The Inexperience Advantage. Instead of forging the impression of experience, I'd rather we turn the tables and use our inexperience as an advantage in the organizations we work for and the companies we start. In other words, we need to start playing to our strengths.
Who Are We Without Our Titles?. Too often, we define ourselves by our jobs in this world
The Father-Son Archetype in Therapy. At some level we experience that great being of light at the core of our own self and long for its expression in our lives. When we struggle, we do so against the backdrop of unconditional love that we sense awaits us yet is never attainable.
Dreams Are Never Foolish. What we have been trained to do is see our dreams as a literal mandate from our hearts, minds and imaginations. However, when you are given the key to the clues that the dream holds, you are no longer beholden to one form that your work can take.
Are You Addicted to Your Cell Phone?. When we are mindfully present in the moment, energy seems to flow with a greater sense of harmony, grace and ease, which ultimately manifests as a sense of inner peace.
Fight Fearlessly (VIDEO). Fearless fighting is a skill that I have no doubt you can learn. Resolving conflicts with empathy and kindness is deeply satisfying and supports the pure potential of your relationship.
LISTEN. Hurting from a breakup? Want to tell your so-called \significant other\ to eff off? On the prowl for a new main squeeze? This
Good And Bad Fats Affect Brain Health, Too. Meanwhile, women who consumed the most \good\ fats scored better on cognitive tests during the study. \Our findings have
Obesity, Be Dammed!. Fundamentally, we have converted a world in which calories were relatively scarce and hard to get and physical activity unavoidable into a world where physical activity is scarce and hard to get and calories are unavoidable.
What Would You Give Up For A Good Night's Sleep?. The Better Sleep Council has declared the month of May \Better Sleep Month,\ and what better reminder to start re-prioritizing
The 10 Best Sober-Living Cities. By May Wilkerson \Pulling a geographic\ in early sobriety is generally discouraged, but if you're looking to leave behind
Text Messages Make Us More Truthful, Study Suggests. New research from the University of Michigan Institute for Social Research shows that people are more willing to be candid
Healthy Indian Takeout. Indian food might not be as ubiquitous as more common takeout cuisines like Chinese food or pizza, but the spicy, South Asian
The Flame of Beauty. Poetry has been my quiet and humble redeemer, and it has also taught me that there is nothing that art can't hold, no matter how dark.
Weight Loss Success. After four years of eating unhealthy and focusing more on work and grad school studies than on making sure I was healthy
Are You Ready to Stop Working and Start Playing? Part 2. As my energy and enthusiasm for life returned, I acknowledged the underlying cause of my near collapse. I let my spirit get out of alignment with my day-to-day life.
The Slow-Down Diet. Have you ever been sitting at a meal with someone, or even by yourself, and been halfway through the meal without having tasted the food? In my experience, the odds are likely that you'll be nodding your head up and down.
When Therapy Came Up Empty. Most exciting to me, as a therapist, is that my patients not only find that they can solve their problems with the tools, they also discover themselves developing potential they never knew they had.
7 Habits That Can Hurt You. To let go of the habits we created is difficult, but the rewards of creating new and positive habits can be life-changing.
25 Ways to Feed Your Soul. Envision what will happen when your thoughts no longer pull you astray but rather connect your mind, body and spirit. Each and every day, find at least one way to feed your soul.
5 Myths About Everyday Foods. When it comes to nutrition, sometimes it's hard to tell the fact from the fiction.  Certain foods get a reputation as \bad for you,\ whereas others get promoted as \natural\ or \good for you\ when they are really not.
An Answer to Your Question. An article I read about sugar induced a fearful epiphany.  I hadn't been previously aware of the metabolic disturbances and other frightening impacts of sugar on my body.  Thus, fear became the spark that ignited a major life change, which I'm enjoying to this day.
Home Cooking Increases Longevity, Cambridge Study Shows. \u201cIt has become clear that cooking is a healthy behavior,\ said lead author Professor Mark Wahlqvist in a statement. \It deserves
Why Is it More Difficult for Women to Lose Weight Than Men?. Many times when a husband and wife, or a male and female couple, start a weight loss journey together, it seems that the man loses weight faster and more easily than the woman does. For us women, that's downright frustrating.
Fit Links. Flickr photo by sportsandsocial Happy fourth birthday to our friends at Fit Bottomed Girls! To celebrate, they've announced
Mary Kennedy's Suicide Stirs a Memory. Like Mary Richardson Kennedy appears to have been, Delia was a beloved person who died too young from terminal depression. It can happen to anyone. Even those who seem to have it all.
5 Things I Learned at Summer Camp. Summer camp was one of the best, most formative experiences of my life. At least, in hindsight it was. At the time it was
Gary Zukav On Spiritual Spring Cleaning. Windows are open wide in the spring, carpets hang outside on the line, and the breeze is gentle and warm. It is the best time to rid yourself of unwanted accumulations, vacuum the dust, take down cobwebs and challenge your fears. Anytime new insight replaces an old assumption or a fossilized perception is the spring. New understandings sprout, new tolerances appear, and new curiosity draws you to previously dark places. Just as the sun shines earlier and longer in the spring, changes that seemed impossible appear to be possible with each new insight into your own health.
Chan Luu's Balance-Restoring Playlist. On Monday, Russell Bishop, the Editorial Director for GPS For The Soul, gave us insight into Chan Luu's (yes, the daring
What's Your 'Fearless Charm'?. For thousands of years, people have carried around certain small objects to give them an extra boost of confidence, luck
Rare Genetic Mutations May Underpin Diseases Like Schizophrenia And Cancer. It now appears that large numbers of very rare genetic mutations may underlie common human diseases like schizophrenia and
Barre Fitness. Welcome to \You Tried It,\ a series of video posts from top trainers, who will share clips from their popular workout DVDs
Apigenin, Found In Celery And Parsley, Could Help Fight Breast Cancer. Then, researchers gave apigenin to some of the mice that were treated with the MPA. They found that tumors grew in the mice
Paula Deen Opens Up About Diabetes And New Diet (VIDEO). Food Network star Paula Deen opened up to ET's Nancy O'Dell at her Savannah, Georgia home about keeping her controversially
Opening Up to Letting Go. Lacking emotional intelligence is the norm in our culture, and it is common behavior to hold our relationships hostage to our internal dissatisfaction and unhappiness. Tragically, it is too easy to buy into rejection and accept the blame.
Learning How to Ride a Bike (Again). People love to say that you never forget how to ride a bike. No one ever tells you that you might actually not remember the learning part. That's what happened to me when during a recent work meeting on National Bike To Work Week -- I blurted out that I just never learned the skill.
If You Knew the Danger, Would You Buy it?. What surprises me is that many consumers pay so much attention to the ingredients that go into their food but so little attention to what goes on their skin, their largest organ.
Home Sweet Home. Yes, homes are the silent members of our families. They are part of the histories of our families. This is what makes saying goodbye to them so tough.
On Tenderness. Tenderness is a great teacher -- coming to it in our culture is grace and wisdom. The tenderness of allowance and the allowance of tenderness starts with the way one is with oneself.
Sweet Nothings? Sugar Substitutes and Weight Gain. When man tampered with nature and uncoupled the sweetness sensory signal from caloric load, a pairing that we adjusted to for thousands of generations, our capacity to know when we had enough was eradicated.
Saying No to Negativity. Just the other day, a dear friend of mine wrote me a note letting me know that he was gravely concerned about what he perceived to be my undeniably positive attitude towards things in general.
Patients' Voices Are Changing Medical Devices. Traditionally pharma and medical device companies design health tools for health care professionals and in clinical settings. What's been missing is any thought about the end user
5 Things You Should Reveal to Your OBGYN. As OBGYNs we see and hear everything. There is nothing that you are going to reveal to us that will surprise or upset us. For your health's sake there are important things you should let your OBGYN know so we can make sure to check for specific problems or diseases.
The Limitless Treasure of Who You Are. As I began to grow up, I attempted to define myself -- this presence of \I\ -- through endlessly collecting information. In this natural process of mental awareness inhabiting a body, I discovered a symphonic mandala of sometimes competing, sometimes complementing explanations.
30 Celebrities Yawning (PHOTOS). In general, researchers tend to fall into one of two camps, WebMD reports. There are those who believe yawning must have
Dr. David Agus On How To Live Longer And Better (VIDEO). The key to living long and better? Taking advantage of what you can control when it comes to your health, says David B. Agus
Paradise Is in Your Mind. Believe in your power, broaden your perception and be present with it all. Paradise is in your mind. Start there and never stop having hope.
Don't Fear the Unknown -- Seek the Reality Behind It!. Yet somewhere along the way, America lost its way. We have become a culture obsessed with and driven by fear. We now fear
Eating Disorders in Men. Men with eating disorders have much shame around their eating disorder, feeling as if they are less masculine because of it. This results in men being less likely to ever seek treatment, or even tell anyone about their eating disorder.
Brain Reward Systems Of Obese Women Different From Those Of Women With Anorexia. \Baseline dopamine levels were 50 percent lower and stimulated dopamine release was significantly attenuated in the brain
Yoga Stress Relief for Soldiers. Faced with the highest army suicide rates in at least 30 years, U.S. military officials are examining ways to help treat psychologically wounded soldiers.
Playground Fitness. Women also aren't finding as much time for exercise as men, whether they find it fun or not, according to a recent study
That Girl Rocks!. We at I AM THAT GIRL believe there's a responsibility in the caliber of content that girls and young women consume, because it has such a profound impact on the way they define themselves. I may be a hopeless optimist, a trailblazing passionista on a mission to leave the world better, but I do believe that change is possible, I do believe that media can transform the vicious \mean girl\ paradigm and I do believe that I AM THAT GIRL can ignite a movement of confident, thoughtful, compassion and contribution-driven girls leading our country and our world to a better place.
Is Football To Blame For Players' Suicides?. High-profile suicides of professional football players have mounted in the past several years\u2014Terry Long (2005), Andre Waters
Skecher Shape Ups. \u201cDo you feel different when you\u2019re wearing these shoes? Of course you do because you\u2019re walking on probably an inch worth
Donna Summer Lung Cancer. The family of the \She Works Hard for the Money\ singer issued a statement, AFP reported, which said
Scientists Map Genetic Codes Of 21 Breast Cancers. By the time the breast cancers are large enough to be diagnosed, they are made up of a number of genetically related families
Zithromax, Widely Used Antibiotic Known As Z-Pak, Linked With Rare But Deadly Heart Risk. The FDA issued a statement in response to the study, saying that it would review the study results. In the meantime, it encouraged
10 Surprising Things About How Animals Sleep. For more on pet health, click here. The Better Sleep Council has declared May to be Better Sleep Month, and while we could
Waiting, Wishing and Blaming. People fear change because they fear uncertainty and what they don't know. In fact, fear is the epicenter of all unhappiness. It's what lies behind every problem and is what keeps most people stuck. Change, though, is quite possible.
Rx Drugs a Growing Problem Among Teenagers. The most dangerous drugs may be much closer to home than you think.  In fact, they may already be in your home.  You may be worried about your teenager's relationship with drugs, but this is probably a good time to start talking to your younger children, too.
INFOGRAPHIC. Countless thinkers and authors throughout the ages and various schools of science have attempted to demystify the human psyche and what really make us tick.
Joy Bauer's 'The Joy Fit Club'. Oh yes -- in everything. They went back to school to get degrees, one woman put herself through nursing school \u2013- she never
Acupuncture Helps With COPD, Study Finds. \Acupuncture causes relaxation of these muscles and consequently the function of the muscles recovers to support better respiration
A Different Discipline. This is the profound meaning of discipline
Weight Loss and the Solution to the Obesity Epidemic. To solve the obesity epidemic, the most important thing you can do is to solve your own weight problem for your own reasons.
A Poem In Praise of the Exuberant. Let's break out the sequins and the feather boas and have dessert first!
Weight Loss Success. For more on weight loss, click here. As far as workouts, I lost the first 80 pounds via workout DVDs and treadmills at the
HuffPost Workouts. Signed, Sealed, Delivered (I'm Yours) -- Stevie Wonder Move Your Body -- Beyonce (not available on Spotify) Tightrope -- Janelle
The Meaning of Life in Two Words. The path to lasting happiness is never easy.  It takes mental discipline to turn away from the quick fixes being marketed to the masses. And it takes patience to make emotional investments in the people around you.
Alzheimer's Disease. \Today, we've made the first historic investment in funds and a 15-year commitment to prevention and treatment,\ Health and
'Girls' Adds To The Muddle On HPV Testing. The much-discussed third episode of the series, which aired in late April, was rife with misinformation about HPV, a reflection
Sugar Might Affect The Brain, UCLA Rat Study Reveals. After six weeks of the sugary diet, the researchers reintroduced the maze. They found that the sugar-only group had a much
ADHD Behavioral Therapy May Be More Effective Than Drugs In The Long Run. Before stimulant drugs such as Ritalin, Concerta and Adderall began their rise to popularity in the 1970s, treatment for
Searching For The Onset Of Autism. By Mariette DiChristina (Click here for the original article) What about behavioral differences? The researchers are also
When Your Life Flashes in Front of Your Eyes -- Regularly. Many times we're in a rut, or discouraged, or feel that we haven't gotten our piece of the pie. But somehow, as if triggered by this menacing adult world, our mind will take us back to our youth and bring with it a vestige of happiness.
Chronic Diseases Growing In Developing Nations. The United Nations data showed one in three adults worldwide has raised blood pressure - the cause of around half of all
Bike To Work Week. What makes a bike commute easier? Certainly the condition of the roads and the layout of a city or town make a world of difference
How to Pick Up The Pieces Of Your Life. Every so often, whether it's after a long hard spate of work, finishing a big project, ending a relationship or recovering
Just (Don't) Do It. Not many of my friends know I ever used to be an athlete. I forget myself, until a pedicurist notices my hammertoes or I have a dream about striding down the homestretch after a race, feeling that last surge of power.
The Skinny Rules. My new book is a rule book for your life as a healthy-weight person, a person who can enjoy delicious food in the right portions and be satisfied.
Elder Independence. Whether you're caring for an aging parent or a neighbor in your apartment building, or helping a home health aide connect with your ill spouse, look to establish common ground to drive forward a successful caregiving relationship.
Astrology Now. Whatever sun sign you happen to be, this Venus retrograde can make your relationships a bit more eventful than usual!
Interview With Dr. Ari Tuckman on Adult ADHD. Ari Tuckman, Psy.D., MBA is a psychologist in private practice, specializing in diagnosing and treating children, teens, and adults with ADHD, anxiety, and depression.
The Weight of the Nation. We now must act boldly to combat the obesity epidemic. There are many opportunities across the lifespan, but it will require a shift in social norms and an unprecedented social movement for obesity prevention.
Meditating Moms. Intuition, patience, wisdom, love -- all the divine qualities associated with motherhood often depend on how rested we are, how aligned we are with our own inner voice and deepest source of nourishment.
WATCH. During the course of the series, Arianna will be joined by noted individuals -- Martha Stewart, Sherri Shepherd, Dr. Phil
A Matter of Weight. As difficult as it is to accept, this obesity epidemic requiring a national conversation has to be done person by person by person, with as much collective compassion, creativity, insight and patience as humanly possible.
'Weight Of The Nation'. You can also stream the films for free after the live broadcast at theweightofthenation.hbo.com. The films profile overweight
Crenezumab. The clock is ticking for the United States to find a cure. The team is working on the study with Dr. Francisco Lopera of
National Alzheimer's Plan Sets Deadline To Find Treatments For Memory-Robbing Disease. But, \we need to figure out exactly where is the best window of opportunity\ to battle back Alzheimer's, Collins said. He
What the Buddha Might Say to President Obama. To find unity, we have to go beyond those differences; we have to surrender our own needs for the benefit of all. In the process, our enemies can teach us great patience and even compassion!
Politics in the Diagnosis of Addiction. There is an inescapable conceptual struggle when dealing with America's volatile history of, and attitudes toward, substance use. In other words, the meaning of addiction is a never-ending American, and thus worldwide, cultural debate.
What About Your Sexual Intelligence Quotient?. When we are aware of being at choice regarding our sexual beings, we can tap into and use our sexual energy in a multitude of ways, depending on what we want to create in our lives and relationships.
Probiotic Remedies. CFUs -- or colony-forming units -- is a microbiological term that describes the density of viable bacteria in a product. In
Colorectal Cancer. Colorectal cancer is currently the second leading cause of cancer-related deaths in the U.S., according to the CDC, but the
Start Your Own Modern Homestead. by guest blogger Robyn Jasko, cofounder of Grow Indie \u00a0 With the rise in food costs, pesticides, and GMOs there's never been
Fix Your Form. Now it's your turn. Evaluate your lunge form, then try the tips above. Tell us how it goes in the comments below, and be
Is The Purpose Of Sleep To Let Our Brains \Defragment,\ Like A Hard Drive?. Why do we sleep? We spend a third of our lives doing so, and all known animals with a nervous system either sleep, or show
5 Soul-Thoughts for a Radiant Life. By orienting us within the realm of spiritual cause-and-effect, soul-thoughts allow us to lean into the coming moment with a more open-minded, open-hearted and dynamic personality.
Who Made You the Boss of Me?  Reclaiming Authority in Our Own Lives. Relinquishing our authority is turning us into a nation of sloths, proud of the opportunity to do nothing.  We have created a Hummer but lost the use of our legs.  We are disabled by the softness of our chairs, and disappearing into the easiness that we worked so hard to create.
Book Review. Serious mental illnesses can be agony
The Neuroscience of Bad Habits. Just because our brains have been altered by addiction, doesn't mean we're destined to fall into the same habits. With the right skills, community and support we can learn how to break out of routine and into a life worth living.
Mediator. Servier's founder and president, 90-year-old Jacques Servier, and four other executives risk custodial sentences of up to
Kidney Dysplasia. The condition occurs about once out of every 4,300 live births, according to Children's Hospital Boston. It's more common
Why Treatment Is Critical for Youth With Mental Illness. Childhood is supposed to be a time of curiosity, learning and growth. But children and teens with serious emotional or behavioral problems often miss out on these normal developmental phases.
When Hospitals Become Factories. In recent years, medical educators have warned that hospitals are growing more impersonal and have urged young doctors to treat patients as people -- not diseases.
Do Vitamins And Supplements Actually Work?. Still, some researchers maintain that the diets of many Americans fall somewhat short on certain key nutrients -- not enough
Weight Loss Success. My best advice to people just starting out is to have a lot of very supportive people around you. Try to ignore the negative
Hitchhiking as a Moral Molecule. I've come to believe that hitching is a transcendent pleasure available to everyone.
Helping Those With Memory Loss Have a Successful Dining Experience. For individuals with memory loss, mealtimes provide social engagement, sensory stimulation and enjoyment, and can add structure and routine to their day. However, mealtimes can also present some challenges for caregivers, especially as their loved ones' memory loss progresses.
Gross Ingredients In Processed Foods. \I\u2019m beginning to see now that consumers are pushing back,\ Michael Doyle, Ph.D., director of the Center for Food Safety
Shot@Life. But it's a different debate in developing countries, said Jennifer Burden, editor and founder of the World Moms Blog. \Here
3 Powerful Tips To Organize Your Day. Do you wake up in the morning in a race against the clock? The alarm goes off and you come to your senses. You get out of
Working a Lot, Not Sleeping Enough. Close the computer at 6 p.m., decline that extra bit of overtime, don't bring work home on the weekends
How Poetry Led Me From Disease to Ease. Of course, I do not believe a tiny piece of rock could strike me dead, though I'm happy to see my Tamalpais crystal remain
Breaking Away From the Group. To be an essential member of a personally fulfilling group can be very empowering. However, it can also keep you stuck. In order to experience real growth, we need to challenge the sometimes staid comfort of staying put.
What Is Your 'Relationship' With Alcohol?. Just as our interpersonal relationships can differ in terms of intensity, so can our \relationship\ with drinking. Moreover, these differences aren't separated by sharp lines; rather, they tend to blend into one another.
Fear Won't Go Away ... But We Can Change How We React. When we put down our usual story and feel connected to the big picture, the ocean, fear doesn't bother us. But it doesn't take long to get caught in the spiraling churn of self-obsession again, where every little fear feels paralyzing.
Soul-Talk. After sharing with Chan Luu the work we are doing to create our GPS for the Soul app and go-to-guide for getting back on course when stress overtakes us, I asked her to share how she manages to keep herself in balance.
Getting Mad at Mom Was Just What I Needed. The power of being fearless is not reserved for the lucky ones. Anyone can harness its power. You just have to decide right now that your life is your life, no one else's, and that you are fully responsible for that life.
Your Inner GPS. I sometimes override my intuition, but when I am really clueless, I trust it implicitly.  The question is
Vulvar Pain and Painful Sex. There are several different causes of vulvar pain, but with the proper diagnosis, most women will get the relief they need and be able to eliminate the pain and put the joy back into her sex life.
What to Do When Someone Asks for a Favor. By qualifying those who ask for favors, you've designed a system that is both effective and efficient
Mother's Day. Like many other holidays that have been commercialized in modern times, Mother's Day has centuries-old antecedents. Cultures around the world celebrated (and still do) the mother goddess as a representative of nurturing and the giver of all life.
Full Cup, Thirsty Spirit. It's worth considering how we can optimize our self-care efforts.  Take some time to reflect on how much time feels like enough time and what mix of activities feels like it best meets the range of your needs.
Americans Are Happier Than Ever, Gallup Study Shows. Americans are the happiest they've been since 2008, according to a new Gallup study. Compared with September 2011, Americans
Insights Into Mother's Day. The strong life energy of the spring moves our emotions, and if we are listening, we can find the places where our energy is stuck -- the places that need healing.
My Mother. My mother embodied the qualities that we need to grow into as we grow older -- especially simplicity and a connection with the sacred. For all those blessed to be in her orbit, it felt as if these dimensions of life were taken care of.
What Did You Do To Keep Your Mom Up At Night?. If there is one thing your mother probably needs for Mother's Day, it's sleep. Children are notorious for making their moms
Mother's Day. This Mother's Day, let us toast our universal Maternal Creatrix, our mutual Mother Earth, our biological mothers, and our own mothering impulses with the nurturing milk of human kindness.
Wonka's Everlasting Gobstopper. As I approach this Mother's Day, I am going to be fearless while I loosen up the reins and let my children go about making their own choices whenever possible.
Films for Your Soul. Our greatest hope for the future is in the hands of loving and nurturing mothers who have mastered what filmmaker Jan Nickman calls \the most sacred art -- the art of loving creation.\
10 Health And Fitness Myths You Still Believe. By Jessica Smith for Shape.com Top experts set the record straight on myths that just won't die. For more on fitness and
Your Mom Was Right. To this day, I use the essential nutrition advice that my mom bestowed upon me. She simply wanted me to practice mindful eating. As a mother and nutritionist, it's a value that I now work to instill in my own children and clients.
Words to Say When You Need to Stand Up for Yourself. We all smooth over the truth and bend in our standards from time to time in order to reduce conflict and make relationships work.  But when pleasing others becomes a habit you may find yourself resentful, which ultimately damages your relationships.
Anticipatory Dread. So the next time you face certain anxiety, check your mind. Has it raced ahead to the future or buried itself in the past? Please try to let go and return your mind to what you are experiencing right now.
When Did We Become Indifferent to Strangers?. How often have we each been so embroiled in our own petty dramas that we breeze past someone in trouble? My hand is raised. How about yours?
Skin Cancer And Pets. Melanoma Of The Mouth Our own doctors see every freckle as a potential melanoma. Melanoma also occurs frequently in dogs
Mother's Gluten Sensitivity Linked With Child's Schizophrenia Risk. However, researchers made sure to note that the study merely found a connection -- not a causal relationship -- between mothers
Inquiring Into Surrender and Letting Go. The thing about holding on, letting go, and surrender is that when we fully realize our oneness with all, there is nothing to hold onto and nothing to let go of -- it is all here and all one.
Postpartum Depression Linked With Gene Variants, Study Finds. Researchers from Warwick Medical School found that women who develop postnatal, or postpartum, depression are more likely
Let Go and Leap!. You will be amazed what shifts in your life when you acknowledge and face your fears on purpose.
1 In 6 Cancers Around The World Caused By Infections. For men in particular, 80 percent of the infection-related cancers were liver and gastric cancers. In women, about half of
Chickensh*t Soup for the Soul. How many fearful thoughts scroll across your mental Twitter feed each day?
The Language of Fear. There's something I know about fear
Sugar Babies. What are you doing in your home, your family, in your schools and communities to end the attack on our children and our nation's future?  We have the power to take back our health.
How To Overcome Performance Anxiety. People aren't on the sidelines judging our lives with the clipboard and whistle, and we shouldn't be either.
10 Ways I Know I Have Diabetes. If you have any of the risk factors for Type 2 diabetes, have your health care provider give you a simple blood test. While there are times I'd rather forget I have diabetes, there is never a time I wouldn't want to know that I have it.
What Kids Think of Water. But water doesn't really come up at my other job as, where I'm a writing instructor for elementary school kids. But on a recent afternoon, my double lives in health media and storytelling la la land collided.
Mother's Day Weight Loss Success. Michael
Exercises For Bone Health In Men. There is a common conception that osteoporosis only affects older women. For that reason, much of the preventive measures
Fit Links. For more on fitness and exercise, click here. You know it's important to refuel after a workout, but are you choosing the
Could Chicken Be Contributing to the Obesity Epidemic?. Virtually all commercially-available chickens now have what many call the \obese gene,\ which makes birds gain weight quickly to speed up production from birth to slaughter.
Why Dying Is Different for Doctors. Because of our exposure to and understanding of how people die, physicians, at least in my experience, tend to deal with death differently than those outside of the profession.
Republicans Have Higher Well-Being Than Democrats And Independents, Survey Shows. Even after the researchers took into account other influencing factors like race, age, location in the country, marital and
BlackBalled! (A Bedroom Tale). The attention we give our smartphone devices is so doting, we could benefit from applying it to our human relationships.
VIDEO. Sign up here Then one day something clicked, and Rosie decided to reinvent herself and achieve her dream. It wasn't easy
The Best Weight Loss Secret I Know. My turn at poverty was sudden and relatively brief. But I do know something about how living that way increases body mass and how seemingly impossible it is to turn the weight around.
Finding Peace with Ram Dass. Watch as Ram Dass discusses what it means to live in the present moment and witness one's own thoughts. Video from Bhakti
Foods That Reduce Your Risk of Allergies and Asthma. Can a healthy diet help you breathe easier? Some research says \yes.\ But there are also a lot of unproven dietary strategies touted help manage allergies and asthma. What works? What doesn't?
Moving Ahead Fearlessly By Embracing The Now. I'm not letting the fear of being alone, of financial uncertainty, of doubts and insecurities -- and there are countless others to be sure -- stop me.
Mother's Day. Agrees contributor Leeza Erfeso, \My mother is my inspiration, she's instilled in me a life of fitness. Most importantly
Weight Measurements May Be More Accurate Using Waist Circumference Than BMI, Study Says. While Das called the new study a \step in the right direction\ in terms of contributing to the discussion about what measurements
Mind-Boggling Nutrition Guidance?  You Betcha'!. The National Consumers League, claiming to represent consumers' interests, issued a press release this week announcing they had submitted a complaint to the FDA, asking the agency to banish NuVal from the nation's supermarkets.
A Model for Personal Responsibility of Health. Empowerment grows from an awareness that there are actions we can take, choices we can make, and ways we can relate to life that promote our own health, wellness, and well-being.
Crossing Meaningless Boundaries. Here's my problem, and it's one for both leaders in the workplace and parents in the airport
Legacy Blessings. This Mother's Day, each of us -- with our unique and complicated relationships with our mothers -- has the privilege and the obligation to articulate our honoring and revering in a legacy letter.
Better to Walk With Friends Who Limp Than Count on Friends Who Have Never Limped at All. Communicate often, say thank you frequently and without reservation, and let them know you care. These friends are forever priceless. We can and will always count on them to be there for us.
Clipped and Trimmed. It can be said that society \clips and trims\ the human mind -- our daily consciousness and perceptions -- in order to form a general consensus in thinking.
Your Values, Your Life. Your values form the foundation of your life. They dictate the choices you make and determine the direction that your life takes.
Making Mistakes. On my spiritual journey I once believed that I could one day perfect \Tim\ into some sort of enlightened being who was always at his best.  Now it feels to me that the journey is about embracing all that I am.
How Much Is Too Much? An Artist's Take On Abundance Vs. Accumulation. Q
Experimental Multiple Sclerosis Treatment Could Be Dangerous And Even Deadly. * At least 2 dead, one paralyzed from procedure The FDA said people who want to try the experimental treatment should first
Nine Natural Ways to Love Your Skin. by guest blogger Isaac Eliaz, MD, MS, LAc, integrative medicine pioneer, researcher, clinical practitioner, author, and
Sharing Opinions Feels At Least As Good As Earning Money. If you enjoy sharing all your likes and dislikes on Facebook, you\u2019re definitely not alone
Half Of Young Adults Have Gotten Sunburned In Past Year. According to the American Academy of Dermatology, 36 states have restrictions on minors' use of tanning beds. California
Role Of Meditation In Brain Development Gains Scientific Support. Published in the Frontiers in Human Neuroscience journal in February, the study is the latest effort from the U.C.L.A. lab
The Needle-Free Future of Echo Therapeutics. The electric car, the mobile phone, the computer tablet
Psychiatrists Say DSM Needs Overhaul, Should Be Re-Thought. \SIMPLY NOT USABLE\ \Numerous dangerous suggestions remain, Frances, who chaired a committee overseeing the DSM 4, said, adding
Please Meditate. The ability to shift focus is basic to any meditation practice.  Try this simple shifting of focus to  see if perhaps you are submerged in love, but only lack the awareness of it.
What Is Your Intention?. Success or failure is proportionate to intention. If your intention is love, you will be successful in any situation or undertaking, no matter what it is.
Redefining the 5 Stages of Grief. Only you know what path you need to take toward healing, and whether you accomplish this using every one of the five stages, shunning books about grief or never missing a session of your bereavement group, the key will consistently be to listen to yourself.
Fast Eaters May Have Higher Risk Of Type 2 Diabetes. This is certainly not the first time research has suggested a link between eating speed and health risks. A previous study
7 Tips for Giving Gold Stars (From a Gold Star Junkie). Oh, I'm a gold star junkie. I always want to see those gold stars stuck to the top of my homework. I crave praise, appreciation, recognition. But it's not always easy to dole out those gold stars in an effective way. Here are seven tips.
Alzheimer's Research Fraud Case Set For Trial. This argument was accepted when the case was initially heard by the lower court in the United States District Court for the
Healthy Supermarket Shopping. \Food purchasing patterns are predictive of actual dietary intake, and even the modest effects from our study could translate
Why I Am Not Attending or Watching 'Weight of the Nation'. The national hysteria over obesity has reached a crescendo this week, as the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention hosts the conference, \Weight of the Nation,\ in Washington, D.C.
3 Hot Fitness Trends of 2012. Every year, there are new trends in fitness. Some last longer than others. Some are more effective than others, making them more than a \trend.\
Do You Believe in Chakras?. What do you think? Back to me... Why the little sparrow hawk, and what's up with my fifth chakra? Even though I have to speak
HuffPost Workouts. We run a fitness business so let's be honest, our life is a playlist. We can't walk into a store or listen to the radio without thinking \this would be perfect for spin class, a quick sprint, or a yoga cool down.\
QUIZ. The instructions are simple
Has Yoga Lost its Soul? Part III. There is plenty of room for innovation and authenticity that can help retain and expand the art of the craft, even amidst the commercial reality yoga currently resides in. You just have to know where and how to look.
How to Get Inside My Mind. I agree with the general theory that it is a good thing for us to face our fears in some fashion, and that in so doing we strengthen our spirit (and possibly our bodies).
The Power of Being 'Grokked'. It is unrealistic to expect compassion from others when we are abandoning ourselves. If you want to experience the power of being \grokked\ by others, you first need to \grok\ yourself!
Is Facebook Making Us Lonelier? The Great Mindful Experiment. We can make the argument that it's not the medium of social media that's making people lonelier or helping them feel more connected, it's the way people relate to the medium.
Make Sure Your I.G.S. Is Steering Your GPS. When we know how to tune in to source guidance and follow it, we live in harmony with everything else that uses the same navigational system.
Nutrition, Where the Rubber Hits the Road to Health. When it comes to nutrition and the monumental influence it has on our health, the rubber hits the road wherever people and food come together.  Kitchens and cafeterias.  Schools and workplaces.  Supermarkets and restaurants.
Fat Loss Made Simple. The public was told that longer duration low-intensity exercise, like a jog on a treadmill or a steady session on a stationary bike, provides the heart rate that is optimal for burning fat. Wrong!
Hoarding Made A Hit TV Show -- Now It's Becoming A Sickness In The DSM. The newest edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) -- the handbook of American psychiatry
Depression In Middle Age Linked To Dementia. Using medical records, researchers tracked more than 13,000 people in a large northern California health plan from roughly
Cycling's Exciting Trend. Single-speed and fixed-gear bikes are experiencing a renaissance these days, and most large manufacturers now offer at least one model for urban riding, commuting, or fitness.
How Exercise Affects Appetite. By Laura Schwecherl And women, take note
The Moment I Knew I Needed More Sleep (SUBMIT YOUR VIDEO). Now, we want to hear about \The Moment I Knew I Needed More Sleep.\ Healthy adults need about seven to eight hours of sleep
Eye Color Linked With Risk For Vitiligo, Melanoma. Your risk for several skin conditions could be linked with your eye color, according to a new study. Meanwhile, 43 percent
Reusable Shopping Bags Can Spread Stomach Flu Bug, Study Suggests. Oregon researchers investigated a recent outbreak of the bug among 17 members of a girls' soccer team and their four adult
Fix Your Form. Now it's your turn. Evaluate your pushup form in a mirror, then try the tips above. Tell us how it goes in the comments below
Long Commute To Work Linked With Being Overweight. The research, published in the American Journal of Preventive Medicine, included 4,297 people who both live and work in the
Nomophobia. Digital Journal reported on another, similar survey by 11Mark, which showed that 75 percent of people use their phones while
How to Navigate Medicare/Medicaid With Cancer. When someone is diagnosed with cancer, they are so deluged with information about their health and how to treat the disease so that managing their Medicare or Medicaid coverage gets overlooked.
Pet Obesity. But, just like we don't always recognize obesity in ourselves, pet owners don't always think their furry friends are overweight
My Baby Brought Me Joy and a Life-Altering Diagnosis. My son's birth provided me not only with a level of joy and love that I never could have imagined, but with a name to the condition I had been silently dealing with for 32 years.
How To Lower Your Odds Of Getting Sick On A Trip. EXPERTS agree that the best thing business travelers can do to reduce their chances of getting sick is to maximize their
How Do You Stay Hydrated?. It's Drink Water Week and to celebrate, HuffPost Healthy Living is putting together a gallery of images showcasing how you
Houston Hospital To Live Tweet Brain Surgery, Post Pinterest Photos. The text updates, video footage and photos from the brain surgery will be broadcast to Twitter, YouTube, TwitPic, CoverItLive
Hyatt Workers Face Ergonomic Strain From Heavy Lifting, Housekeeping Tasks. But an OSHA spokesman said on-site inspections at Hyatt \did identify the presence of ergonomic risk factors associated with
Lorcaserin. WASHINGTON, May 8 (Reuters) - U.S. drug reviewers said Arena Pharmaceuticals Inc's obesity pill appeared to help people lose
Conservation Is Important -- For The Sake Of Our Health. The team found a strong, significant correlation between the diversity of a particular class of skin bacteria, called gammaproteobacteria
Creepy People Can Make You Feel Physically Cold. Participants then completed a questionnaire designed to find out how hot or cold they felt. The results showed that the subjects
Increase Intensity, Increase Results. If getting a great body was easy, every woman would look Jessica Biel, and every guy would have a body like Kellan Lutz.
Rock, Paper, Scissors. So, you often find yourself wondering about why we are all here and what it all means. Well, you are not alone.
Obesity Fight Must Shift From Personal Blame, IOM Urges. The IOM panel included members from academia, government, and the private sector. It scrutinized some 800 programs and interventions
Ultramarathon Runner Micah True Died From Heart Disease, Autopsy Reveals. By Zelie Pollon The area where the marathoner was running was so extreme, search crews at the time had to have a fixed-wing
Michael Phelps And His High-Altitude Sleeping Chamber. Michael Phelps has the money to pretty much sleep anywhere, in anything, that he wants. It turns out for the last year or
Tuna Scrape. No sooner did the furor over lean, finely textured beef (a.k.a. \pink slime\) die down than we have another one over sushi
Energy Ups and Downs? Your Caffeine-Drinking May Be to Blame. Last week, I shared these tips with Dr. Oz and his audience, but here's a deeper look and some extra tips for anyone trying to drink their way out of energy ups and downs.
You Don't Have to Do it All. After a moment of desperation, I laughed out loud.  Hopeless! The list is getting longer, not shorter. Do I really have to do everything I think I have to do?  And my inner wisdom whispered, \No.\
A New (Old) Prevention for Preterm Birth. The consequences of preterm birth are an enormous burden of lifelong disability the world over, and we need another tool in our kit besides progesterone.
Pet First Aid. In any medical emergency, the best course of action is to bring your pet to a veterinarian as soon as possible. Since time
Are You Making These Nutrition Mistakes?. Trying to slim down and feeling frustrated? If you're giving it your all but the number on the scale still isn't budging
Traffic Deaths In 2011 Fell To Record Low In U.S.. \Cars and trucks (including sport utility vehicles) are definitely getting safer and a big point is that they are co-existing
Courageous Spending. Images courtesy of Allison Asplin. Last week, Becoming Fearless ran a post on abundance which featured readers' tweets on
10 Ways to Be a Mistake-Proof Pet Owner. Your chances of having a long-lasting, wonderful relationship with a pet increase dramatically when you give serious thought to the type of animal that best suits you.
Can We 'Imagine' Ourselves Into a New Reality?. Dreams and imagination are the paints, the colors, used to create the portrait we call life.   Choose them wisely.   We do this by observing and adjusting our thoughts to align with our intention.
Dollars and Sense, Baby and Bathwater. If we are prepared to acknowledge the widespread bullying to which both science and sense are subject at the hands of the almighty dollar, we might commit ourselves to the systematic effort of distinguishing the two.
Opening Up to Healing. Finding the courage to extricate the shame, guilt, or other emotional baggage from our hearts is where healing begins and we open to the potential of our life.
Surgeons' Brains Must Work Harder When Sleep-Deprived. The researchers conducted several tests with them, where they were required to do simulated tasks on the virtual reality
Scenes From an Airport Restaurant. The convivial ethics of the picnic table, park bench, bus stop kiosk, and similar exemplars don't exist very much inside the spaces of consumption and conveyance that increasingly dominate our daily lives.
Comic Book Hero Healthy Eats. Since we'll be meeting a slew of crime-fighting hunks this summer, let's break down what these comic book kings most likely feast on for overall health and fitness!
How Do You Change Your Own Mind?. In the end, if you are truly trying to change your mind, you need to argue with yourself rather than with someone else.
Weight Loss Success. Check out more of our inspiring weight loss stories below
Spring Cleaning the Medicine Cabinets, and Other Ways to Combat Rx Abuse. Now, more than ever, it's crucial for all of us to inventory whether we have unused and expired medicine in our homes and take immediate, safe steps to dispose of them -- before they end up in the wrong hands.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids May Lower Alzheimer's Risk, Study Suggests. The researchers found that the higher the consumption of the omega-3 fatty acids, the lower the beta-amyloid in the blood
Your Personal Master Plan. A personal master plan is much more than investment counseling or life insurance. It anticipates success rather than loss and plans for continued growth -- growth in skills necessary for prosperity and growth in realizing your own full potential.
Giving Power to Couples to End the AIDS Epidemic. For the AIDS response, couples' testing and counselling should be one more turning point to expand options to strengthen the impact of HIV prevention and treatment.
Can Drinking Make Men Smarter?. I pity the man who is struggling with writing (or any other creative activity) who concludes that drinking is the pathway to creative success and who seeks a solution through drinking.
Drinking Water Week. It's true that you don't want to overdo it when it comes to drinking water. It is possible to drink too much -- and it can
Standards vs. Expectations. A standard is a level of quality, something that is accepted as a norm, and generally used as a basis for judgment. An expectation is a strong belief that something is going to happen in the future, or a feeling that someone or something is going to achieve something.
Reclaim Your Time and Energy. You have a choice
Give the Best Mother's Day Gift Ever. By conducting a health check-up this (and every) Mother's Day we can help our moms, ourselves, and all of our loved ones breathe easier.  All you have to do is follow these easy tips to have fresh air impact.
Trial by Water. At the yearly physical just about every aspect of your physiology is poked, prodded and tested -- and often by someone you
'When We Hear Music, Memories Fill Our Minds'. A concert by the Unforgettables, a unique singing group, makes it clear that there can be a life worth living for people with dementia and their caregivers, and that music and other forms of art have much to contribute to making it so.
Mother's Day EcoChi Tips From My Grandma. This Mother's Day I would like to pay tribute to the lessons learned from our grandmothers. Keep these tips top of mind and we are sure to benefit from the wisdom passed on to us as we pass it on to future generations.
Soul-Talk. This week, I want to examine an apparently-small pebble that is actually the biggest rock you have in your rock pile -- the energy you have with which to live your life.
MOTHER'S DAY GIVEAWAY. Open to legal resident of the 50 United States, the District of Columbia and Canada (excluding Quebec) who are 18 and older
Zinc Could Lessen Cold Symptoms, Study Finds. To help tackle the question of zinc's efficacy, researchers studied 17 trials that included more than 21,000 participants
Psychopaths Have Distinct Brain Structure, Study Finds. Blackwood's team used magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) to scan the brains of 44 violent adult male offenders in Britain who
The Best Abs Exercises Of All Time. By Jessica Smith for Shape.com Twenty top fitness experts reveal their go-to move for a flat, sexy stomach.
How to Sleep Peacefully With Your Mate. While the media presents images of loving couples sleeping contentedly in each other's arms all night long, for many the reality is much different.
What Is Bliss?. Shortly after I'd given my publisher my manuscript about bliss, I had coffee with a friend who asked me
Films for Your Soul. It is with great excitement that I share with you now the same \private sneak-peek\ that I once had and invite you to take a one-of-a-kind ride to your soul.
Why Light Weights Can Have A Big Benefit, Too. By Briana Rognlin for Blisstree.com Despite Stuart's findings, trainers aren't likely to change their tune anytime soon, so
Best Overlooked Strategy to Help You Stay Motivated. What we too frequently overlook, when we try to make changes, is what is happening around us that either boosts motivation or contributes to slipping back into the status quo.
The View's Elisabeth Hasselbeck On Going Gluten-Free. When she's not co-hosting her Emmy Award-winning ABC talk show, running or playing with her three young children, you can find Elisabeth Hasselbeck in her kitchen.
Laughter Yoga. Jody Ross, now a certified laughter yoga leader, started attending formal laughter workshops several years back to help heal
SLIDESHOW. To paraphrase German author Rolf Hochhuth, \Only fools learn from experience -- the wise learn from the experiences of others
New Study. Sleep apnea and other sleep-related disorders are prevalent in our society, and people need to wake up to the symptoms and risks associated with them.
Pet Health. For more on pet health, click here. Banfield, the world's largest veterinary practice, recently released its State of Pet
VIDEO. - When measuring your success, look at the big picture. How did your achievement improve your family, your community, the
Choline Consumption During Pregnancy May Lower Babies' Risk Of Diabetes. Choline is a nutrient that is vital to proper functioning of the body. Everyone -- even people who are not pregnant -- has
A Guide To Healthy Cooking Techniques. By Caroline Wright You grill, you steam and (if you're like most of us) your light-cooking tricks end there. Why not branch
Time to Relax. It is only when we refuse to allow our ambitious and overly-active minds to bury us alive with its endless \to do\ list that we can genuinely live in the spirit of love for more than a sprint or mad dash.
10 Ways 10 Days of Silence Will Blow Your Mind. I'm just an ordinary person who couldn't sit still for an hour when she first signed up for a Vipassana retreat yet has benefitted tremendously from the simple and challenging practice.
Weight Loss Success. For more on weight loss, click here. Got a success story of your own? Send it to us at success.stories@huffingtonpost.com
Body Confidence. Certainly, it's unhealthy to beat ourselves up for not looking like the beauty standards we see on television. But as Tara
Gene Variants Linked With Osteoporosis And Increased Fracture Risk. In a new study published in the journal Nature Genetics, researchers from the Sahlgrenska Academy at the University of Gothenburg
Que Sera, Siri?. How far is distant gratification? Get me to its nearest exit, Siri, and let it be your parting gift. The quest for instant
What Makes a Hero?. You have to ask yourself
Dating Without Fear. Whether or not there is such a thing as fate or soul mates, I'm not sure I'll ever know. But at the end of the day, I haven't given up hope. Maybe that makes me fearless, maybe it makes me a fool. But it's what gets me out of bed each morning.
7 Laws of Fearless Living. Your experience of any moment -- good or bad, calm or conflicted -- is a direct reflection of your understanding about it. This means that the only thing that frightens you about any event is what you've yet to understand about yourself.
Creativity and Madness. The myth that creativity and madness are inherently linked has a certain romantic appeal, but it does little -- if anything -- to promote human well-being.
Are You Trading Now for Then?. The anxiety of indecision and indecision of anxiety is far more cumbersome to your spirit than the process of revising, reworking, and rebuilding.
Technology and the Loss of Intimacy. Being able to communicate at the speed of light is great -- but there is little intimacy in that communication. True intimacy comes from face-to-face time.
Be The Change You Want To See In The World. I hope that all of us can be brave enough in the future to release our fears and set examples of peace, love, understanding, and authentic eyeball-to-eyeball communications and connections that others will want to emulate.
Facing Stage Fright. When fear monopolizes your passion for something, there is much to be said for finding the courage to get over yourself.
Her Father, My Father. I'm happy and relieved for my daughter, who will have a different experience than I. But a part of me is sad that I didn't have a wonderful father like she does, and my fear is that the chances of it happening are, as the days go on, getting slimmer.
Homeless Health Care. Last week, Healthy Living's reporter Catherine Pearson put the magnifying glass on the complex relationship between homelessness
The Trick Behind Toning Any Body Part. Want to know the trick behind toning any body part, even the most troublesome \stubborn fat\ areas like your hips, thighs and stomach?
Cinco De Mayo Recipes. Ready for a fiesta? This Saturday marks the Mexican holiday of Cinco de Mayo (and no, it's not Mexican independence day -- click
WATCH. Tell us
Making Alzheimer's Moms Happy With Just a One-Minute Call a Day. I would like to share one small thing I have discovered with my mother, that's made a huge difference in how I feel about living so far from her.
The Great Pretender, Pretending I'm Doing Well. But the reality is is that sometimes we set the bar too high and we can't reach the goal, the impossible, and then we kill
Letting Go. As we travel through life's phases, we must let go of so much.  And I don't think it gets easier with practice.  But maybe just accepting that eventually we will have to let go is the secret to living a full life.
Friday Nights Are For Catching Up On Sleep, Survey Shows. However, Breus did add that it does seem that you can prepare for a night of diminished sleep by sleeping extra beforehand
Will I Ever Get Better?. Many of the patients and families who sought our help had struggled with the illness for a long time, some for nearly a decade.
Arthur Boorman, Disabled Veteran, Walks Again After Discovering Yoga (VIDEO). One too many jumps led to chronic back and knee problems making his military workout a thing of the past. Watch Arthur Boorman's
8 Tips For Understanding Grief And Rediscovering Gratitude In Times Of Loss. On January 12, 2010 at 5am, after a year and a month of fighting, we lost her. My best friend, mother, and soul mate was
Are You Ready to Stop Working and Start Playing? Part 1. The central insight in the video of bringing spirit into the workplace is very much a question of attitude.
Cancer's New Home. As I prepare to move from floor 29 to a new home built for two, I decided to package up cancer -- and seal her in a tight little box, with no room to breathe. And there she can live amongst a sea of discarded memories, in a landfill somewhere far from here.
Arcalyst. \From an efficacy standpoint, it will be important to address whether 16 weeks provide for an adequate duration for flare
Excessive Daytime Sleepiness Linked With Attention Problems In Kids. Recently, a New York Times article also examined the link between sleep and attention problems at school. That article looked
Movie Review. Participant's mission with The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel is to stimulate seniors to continued lives of adventure and contribution. As someone old enough for Medicare, I am all for that.
Rejection Will Destroy Us, Like a Moth Repeatedly Drawn Into the Flames. The pain of rejection can be healed if we will make uninterrupted time for one another -- to talk, laugh, cry and romance our way back into the twinkle and glow of each others' eyes.
Can We Remove Thoughts From the Mind?. There are certain types of meditations where you simply sit and notice that you are \here\ and your mind is out \there.\ There is a clear distance between you and the mind.
Ode to Your Dark Side. Guess what? You have a dark side. Everyone has a dark side. And that dark side is talking to you and filling your head with nasty, mean, dark thoughts on a daily basis. Are you surprised? Most people are.
Improve Your Posture in One Simple Step. If you commit to this exercise, I guarantee you'll notice a shift in your posture. And if my theory is correct, you may notice improvements beyond just sitting up straighter.
When It Rains, You Get Wet. When it rains, we get wet.  But we don't have to linger in the downpour, and there's no reason to drown. So what to do in the rainy season of spring or the tearful times of life? A few simple strategies can help.
What It Means to Me to Have a Fit Mom. If my mom and I weren't in good shape, we would have a completely different relationship. Experts believe that exercising with a loved one can strengthen the relationship, even as it strengthens your glutes.
Triathlon Training Tips. Training for a triathlon can be a bit intimidating at first, since you not only need to schedule a swim, bike, and run several times per week.
The Inner Compass of Being. Is there an inner compass we can trust to guide our steps to an enduring sense of well-being in these turbulent times?
Mindful Anger Management. We can gain vital information about ourselves and what we believe about the world when we look honestly at our anger. But when we react unconsciously, repress our anger or get caught up in it, it becomes counterproductive and negatively affects our health and relationships.
Against All Odds. Certainty is seductive. But the reality is that we live in a sea of uncertainty. While the complexity of the kaleidoscopic forces that drive our choices is overwhelming, there are things we can do in order to encourage better decision-making.
Number Of New U.S. Drug Shortages Is Down This Year, FDA Reports. Early notice has helped the FDA prevent 128 shortages since then, mainly by asking other companies to boost production to
Why Chronically Ill People Hate 'Get Well' Cards. Remember, most people with a chronic illness will likely always be ill. What they need most are consistent friends who show up in their lives and let them know, \I am still here. I am thinking of you.\
Scientists Identify 10 Molecular Types of Breast Cancer -- How Long Until Progress Reaches the Clinic?. If confirmed, the observations in a recent paper could lead to smarter therapy for distinct breast cancer types.
Bound by the Surprise of Our Glory Days. We post everything to the social networks, our lives are open for discussion and when we vent our frustrations over a topic
Does Compression Gear Improve Athletic Performance?. In the end, sorry folks -- it seems to be somewhat of a tossup depending on the activity in question. While many studies
WATCH. Money's a notoriously sticky subject, considering how tied up it is with not only our livelihoods but our senses of self
Yoga Tune Up. Welcome to \You Tried It,\ a series of video posts from top trainers, who will share clips from their popular workout DVDs
Becoming Fearless Goes Video. I'm delighted to announce Becoming Fearless, a video series sponsored by Toyota that will explore the theme of fearlessness on a range of subjects, from parenting and work to relationships and love.
Eric Parrie, Organ Donor, Films Goodbye 'Letters' To Kidney. In a half dozen videos posted to YouTube, the 26-year-old Yale law student remarks on how he took his organ for granted. For
Patricia Krentcil, 'Tanning Mom,' Bringing Attention To 'Tanorexia'. For more on Krentcil's case, watch the ABC News video above. When a person tans, the skin undergoes cell damage from ultraviolet
What Are We Going to Tell Them?. The simplest of our children's (and their children's) basic human needs are being threatened every day. What are we going
Please Meditate. Through no coincidence, in any meditative practice, what is fundamental is the ability to use your steering wheel, which is focus. Shift your focus, change your life.
Prozac in Poultry Is Better Than Penicillin. While consumers may be more shocked by pink slime or the feeding of Prozac to poultry, the routine feeding of millions of pounds of human antibiotics to chickens presents a much graver threat.
See the Good in Others. Seeing the good in others is a simple but very powerful way to feel happier and more confident, and become more loving and more productive in the world.
Gorgeous Gossip Revealed. Words emanate into an energy field that surrounds us; they are like arrows and can shoot sparks of love into our hearts or daggers that remain for years, leaving scars of mistrust in our future life choices.
Erin Brockovich. ON BEING FEARLESS \I think that there\u2019s part of me that\u2019s fearless because the truth is empowering. When we know things, we
What to Do While Searching for Your Soul's Misplaced GPS. The real question is
A Mindful Eating Marathon. Welcome to the Mindful Eating Marathon. Starting May 1, you are invited to join this challenge
How to Impress Your Date With Asparagus. You would hardly know it from the cold snap we've been having in the Northeast, but asparagus season is back. Not your average everyday vegetable, asparagus is seen as a true luxury.
What Does it Mean to Have Soul?. Some people say we live in a \soulless\ world, or they refer to a place as \having no soul.\ What does it mean to have \no soul\?  What does it mean to have soul?
High Tech Detox. I have a deep conviction that the growing relationship to electronic devices as a means of connection is in actuality creating a sense of disconnectedness for us as human beings.
Arianna. Everyone experiences fear sometimes -- it's part of being human. But no matter how overwhelmed and paralyzed your fear is
Weight Loss Success. Name
Multitasking Makes People Feel Better, Even Though It's Not Efficient. The researchers asked the study participants say why they did each activity (or combination of activities, if multitasking
Becoming Fearless. Below are tips on how you can become fearless in dealing with work-related issues. The three issues
Sports And Energy Drink Consumption Damages Tooth Enamel, Study Suggests. \Teens regularly come into my office with these types of symptoms [of tooth decay, sensitivity and cavities], but they don't
Non-Smoking Apartment Residents Frequently Exposed To Secondhand Smoke, Study Finds. The researchers also found that government housing subsidy recipients were more likely to smell smoke in their apartments
Do You Have An Attitude Of Abundance? YOUR Tweets!. Arianna's mother had this important life skill in spades. \She was the ultimate non-thing person,\ writes Arianna. \My mother's
Does Memory Training Really Work?. The latest research suggests memory training does really work. And while we may have known so all along based on previous findings and our own experience, it is nice to know that the science continues to support all that we do to remember better.
Scandal, Controversy, and the Future of Yoga. Millions of people are waking up, stepping away from harsh teachers, false gurus, and beginning to realizing yoga is not about the pose and the shape you can make with your body.
Lullabies For Grown-Ups. 2008 was the year of the nap. The summer between my senior year of college and grad school, I was commuting an hour-and-a-half-plus. Three hours a day probably could have been filled productively reading enriching works of literature, but I mostly slept.
10 Celebs Who Faced Their Fear. You would think that achieving fame, fortune and lasting success would permanently put to rest all worry, self-doubt, and
Now That We Can Do Anything, What Will We Do?. I've opened up the question of what I really want to do with my life, and I start each day with hope instead of dread.
LISTEN. Feeling discouraged, downtrodden, doubtful? This playlist will give you the courage to vanquish your enemies, overcome obstacles
Living in a Toxic Environment. It is smart to avoid toxins, but no one cannot live on this planet in modern times and totally avoid them. Fortunately, the body has taken this into account.
Huffpost Workouts. With these as my \power songs\ this month, I've been able to rack up 100.45 miles at an average speed of 7.0 mph with a total running time of 14 hours, 18 minutes, and 44 seconds.
Slacker Or Go-Getter? Brain Chemical Dopamine May Tell. \We think that part of what is going on in depression is some alteration in motivation pathways and part of the impetus for
Facebook and Organ Donation. Harnessing the power of social media for any social good is to be commended, and the issue of organ donation is near and dear to my heart (and kidneys).
Mirror, Mirror on the Wall. My friend Marilyn recently adopted a beautiful cat, all white, with deep blue eyes.  The cat loves to gaze at herself in the floor-length mirrors on Marilyn's closet doors.  What does she see?  Is she admiring her own beauty?  Or is she fascinated by the sight of what she thinks is another cat?
Fight Cancer With Facebook. Social media gets criticism for the harm it can do, but social media can be a source for good. One way Facebook is being harnessed for the greater good is by providing support and education for the cancer community.
Toyota Corolla's Most Fearless Tweet Contest. 7. MISCELLANEOUS
High-Fat Diets And Depression. From these data the authors conclude that their high-fat diet obesity produced depressive-like behavior. And while I think
My 40-Day Breast Cancer. I was diagnosed with breast cancer on 5 January. Ductal Carcinoma In Situ, or DCIS as it's known, is the fastest growing
Controversial Bird-Flu Research Published. Whether an H5N1 virus could acquire the two deadly traits\u2013transmissibility and lethality\u2013at the same time is a burning question
Psychic Pollution. Our negative thoughts combine collectively, mixing with the negative messaging in the media to produce a murky ocean of grime that we are all unconsciously swimming in.
Emotional Dependency, Needing Space. In many relationships, one person complains about not having enough time with his or her partner, while the other complains about needing space. Find out how to resolve this conflict.
Stressed Out? Tricks to Avoid Emotional Eating. Be Healthy This one might seem kind of obvious, but simply trying to be healthy in my everyday life helps me manage my stress
How to Meditate Your Way From Panic to Peace. I learned how to meditate and process disturbing memories and emotions. I healed in ways I never could have imagined. I'm a monk in a minivan now, driving through the suburbs of New York with a peacefulness and clarity I could never have imagined I could access.
The Best Foods For Healthy Skin. More from Shape.com
A Race Car Brain With Bicycle Brakes. For me, one way of thinking about children with ADD (adults deserve their own piece and the center deals with them too) is that they are more fiercely democratic than other kids who will easily adhere to strict rules and regulations with a passive attitude.
Cancer In Africa. * Misconception is that cancer hits hardest in rich nations How can a continent hope to diagnose and treat, let alone fight
How to Measure Your Spiritual Growth. Sometimes, spiritual growth is just seeing it sooner. You see sooner that you are silencing your voice. You see sooner that you are acting out of fear. You see sooner that you are projecting the past on to the present.
Urban Air Pollutant Linked to Obesity. These earlier studies correlate well with the findings from the new \street-science\ study, which was published earlier this
How a Motherless Daughter Gets Through Mother's Day. As this Mother's Day looms, I think about how other motherless daughters cope. How can we feel included and feel better?
Identify Your Needs and NEEDS! for a Happier Life. The more needs you can identify and bring to the forefront, the more readily you'll be able to reduce the influence of your NEEDS!, allow your true needs to reassert themselves, and generate sufficient new force to shift your life inertia permanently.
Having Top-Notch Manners Will Distinguish You. To some, having good manners is akin to a \foreign language\ in that they are not used to expressing gratitude, giving thanks and being polite.
What Can We Learn From Today Show Nutritionist Joy Bauer's Weight-Loss Superstars?. Ms. Bauer, who has been a longtime champion of successful dieters, points out that dieting and losing weight is 50 percent attitude. And thus, she suggests a couple essential (and common) steps for anyone who wants to win at the losing game.
What's Your Body Saying About You?. Human beings are always reacting and responding to each other.  Some of it's conscious, but most of it's unconscious.
Should Addicts Be Sterilized?. Barbara Harris of Project Prevention thinks so -- and for years she's been paying\u00a0poor, addicted\u00a0women not to procreate. Now
Dance Into Summer. May Day is still celebrated in many parts of Europe, from England to Provence to Bavaria, where they decorate their homes with flowers, play music, and dance around a \maypole\ adorned with brightly-colored ribbons.
Mindfulness Meditation May Help Doctors Provide Better Care, Study Suggests. For the study, doctors in Rochester, N.Y., participated in a mindfulness meditation training course that consisted of eight
Hitting The Reset Button In St. Barths. The island--and the vacation--did its job. I'm recharged and looking forward to the not-really-happening New York spring
May Day Festivals of Flirtation, Fertility, and Sexual Frenzy. This May Day, let us pay tribute to the Earth Mother and Her daughter goddesses of green growth by planting May trees and flowers and then dancing around them to celebrate the lovely, lusty miracle of life.
Weight Loss May Cut Cancer Risk. But Ligibel cautioned that the new research only looks at inflammation and not about the direct risk of developing cancer
Live, Joy and Wait. One thing about spiritual journeys is that they are not sexy.  They are not brilliant.  I did not become peaceful.
Sleep Can Turn Off Obesity Genes, Study Says. \A paper like this really opens up a path and encourages people in the field to look more carefully at these gene and environment
One Flabby Duckling. I have regrets that go back to the cutting of my umbilical cord, but I have never worked out and regretted it. Never. Not one time.
Bridging the Gap. At every moment we have the power invested in us to touch another human, heart-to-heart, and affect their lives by conveying the truth of all truths
FDA Needs Better Way To Track Drug Safety, Study Says. The IOM's recommendations are not binding, and the FDA expressed some reservations about costs. Dr. Faden, who is also director
Astrology Now. Good news! A special planetary configuration is bringing a fertile field for us to build something solid in our lives through the entire month of May.
7 May Superfoods. Now that the weather is a wee bit warmer, many of us are thinking about getting outdoors to enjoy the spring air and sunshine
Four Years After the Oprah-Eckhart Tolle Web Class, What I Still Can Learn. Were you one of the millions of people mesmerized by Oprah's series of web classes with spiritual master Eckhart Tolle exactly four years ago?
5 Post-Workout Pains It's OK To Ignore. By Elizabeth Goodman Artis for Shape.com There's nothing like an intense, sweaty workout to make you feel like a million
What We Love Is Killing Us and Other Things, Too. What is happening? Where have we come from and where are we going? What has happened to our values in all the above areas
The Way to a Woman's Heart Begins With These Five Words. Researchers in a recent study found that about 40 percent of women love when you compliment their smiles. But want to hit a home run? Five words
Weight Loss Success. I used a low-carb diet and it worked. If I do have a cheat meal, I do it only once every six months. Now, I have been eating
\Label your thoughts\ Meditation. I never realized what an idiot I was until I started meditating.  Let me rephrase that
Our Children or Our Smartphones?. Like everything, humans included, technology resolves itself in contradiction.  And yet, we must be mindful of what we are doing with technology, particularly when in the company of our children.  Our emotional presence is the greatest gift we can offer our children.
Communicate With Confidence. Let's face it
Disappointment vs. Dysappointment. The more poorly someone handles disappointment and not getting their way, the more they are likely to react negatively and angrily and push back when they are told to have a \back-up\ plan.
The Costs Of Obesity. * $5,530 more per year in medical costs for a Mayo worker with a BMI above 40. By comparison, smokers' medical costs were
As America's Waistline Expands, Costs Soar. The reason for denominating the costs of obesity in dollars is not to stigmatize plus-size Americans even further. Rather
Rock, Paper, Scissors. In this episode, the discussion branches off into art and creativity. Surely the desire to express ourselves cannot be excluded from any argument about  the purpose of existence?
Please Meditate. Change the focus of your attention, change your world. It was such a simple lesson, but profound enough that it never left me.
Legacy. Whether you're the original creator of a legacy gift or you volunteer to be but a tiny cog in a great project, you can make a difference in others' lives.
Quiz. As much as you love your workout routine, it might be time to push your boundaries for even better results. Take this quiz
13 Foods With More Saturated Fat Than A Cheeseburger. By now, we know there are both \good\ fats and \bad\ fats. But what's the difference? Certain foods blow that count right
Into the Mouths of Babes. The wellbeing of children is everybody's business, and everybody should mind that children are staring down the barrel of a glow-in-the-dark cheese doodle or sugar-laden cereal loop at foreshadowed health and foreshortened lives.
African Mango. I am clearly not opposed to supplements, and I find them to be helpful in augmenting treatment and health goals -- but they are not supposed to be quick fixes that take the place of healthy habits.
Addicted to Sex?. To no longer be a prisoner of sexual desire, to discover the power and joy of finding fulfillment within ourselves is a wonderful thing. It requires commitment, but it is definitely worth it.
Can't Get No Satisfaction. Instead of panicking about a state you have not yet achieved, I urge you to live in the magic of the moment. Do not let thoughts about where you could have been, should have been, or need to be dominate your psyche.
Parkinson's Personality. Some personality traits appear to be linked with the risk of developing Parkinson's disease, a new study suggests. The results
Can Simply Thinking About Your Phone Lead To A Car Crash?. New research shows that just thinking about receiving a call or a text message is enough to raise the risk of a crash. Read
Dark Chocolate Lowers 'Bad' Cholesterol And Blood Sugar Levels When Eaten In Moderation. For the study, researchers had 31 people eat either 50 grams of regular dark chocolate (70% cocoa), dark chocolate (70% cocoa
We Tried It. As part of our ongoing series, \We Tried It,\ health reporter Catherine Pearson and nutrition and fitness editor Meredith Melnick tried a session at True Pilates studio in midtown Manhattan.
National Abandonment. Worldwide, the question of how we care for each other, how a society sustains itself, is being examined. But nowhere is this abandonment being more acutely felt than among returning veterans and their families.
5 Tips For Boosting Your Willpower. Who among us has not made a plan to get up in the morning and exercise, but then hit snooze one time too many, sleeping through our morning jog?
Discover Your Erotic Creature. In this video I share about my S Factor journey toward discovering my \erotic creature.\ To learn how to awaken your power presence within, watch this vlog.
How We Got Here. In order to make our beloved asana practices ready to sustain the test of time, we have to make it relevant by using these practices to create sustained freedom and joy... just as the history of yoga has intended.
How Sleep-Friendly Is Your Bedroom?. As much as we may appreciate our bedrooms as a retreat and a haven, the poll shows we're still not actually getting enough sleep there.
Best And Worst Nuts For Your Health. By Amanda MacMillan Nuts are nature's way of showing us that good things come in small packages. These bite-size nutritional
Taking Rest Is Wisdom for the Ages. Many of us are so busy doing whatever it takes to keep all the balls bouncing that we fail to even notice how depleted we are becoming until the wheels begin to fall off our wagon and something forces us to stop.
Vitamin E Found In Vegetable Oil Could Help Fight Cancer, Study Suggests. Last year, a study of 35,533 men was published in the Journal of the American Medical Association showing that taking vitamin
Working Out. I like to train alone. I don't care for classes or working out with others. I prefer to do my own thing and rely on the kindness of others if I need help with a spot.
Torn ACL. A torn ACL most often occurs during sports with sudden stops or changes in direction, according to Mayo Clinic, like basketball
The Affordable Care Act - Stronger Benefits to Seniors, Billions in Savings This Year. Two years ago, President Obama signed the Affordable Care Act. The president's health care law gives hard working, middle-class families security, makes Medicare stronger, and puts more money back in seniors' pockets.
Wealth School. The human spirit within you is a primary resource you can tap into to find your way through your difficulties and into the life you truly want to create, experience and fulfill.
7 Steps to Take Now to Increase Your Creative Output. What lies beneath the commitment to create? How can we position ourselves in ways that elevate our work?
Spinal Muscular Atrophy. \Imagine you've been diagnosed with an incurable genetic disease and you are told you will not only lose your ability to
Letting Go Of The Unfeasible Could Boost Well-Being. Researchers from Concordia University and McGill University found that among breast cancer survivors, letting go of unrealistic
Spring Clean Your Life. Maybe you've only thought about \spring cleaning\ in terms of straightening up and clearing out your physical space, but what about applying that same principle to the less tangible aspects of your world?
Natural Remedies. By Leslie Barrie Use this soothing purple herb to calm your stomach, mind and skin. For more on natural remedies, click here
What's Actually In Your Tap Water?. We drink, bathe, cook and clean with it. But how much do we really know about the water that flows out of our faucets? Some
Italian Takeout. No matter how often you opt for whole-grain breads, cook whole-wheat pasta at home or make your own loaded-with-veggies pizzas
Serena Williams Opens Up About Her Sleep Struggles. Serena said she\u2019s had trouble sleeping for years because she\u2019s \u201cconstantly on a natural high, high on life and happy, happy
Ira Israel. If you want to change your glass from half empty to half full then you have to learn to embrace all aspects of your life and have gratitude for the gifts you receive every day.
Weight Loss Success. How I Lost It
The No. 1 Cheapest Solution To Stress. Once you start to see the details in your life through the lens of gratitude, you will find yourself happier and less stressed.  No extra time or fancy equipment needed -- gratitude is yours for free!
For the Best Breakfasts, Look to Our Neighbors. The benefits of breakfast are almost too numerous to list. I find that more and more people now know that they should eat breakfast -- but they still ask me what to eat. My advice is to eat traditional foods.
8 Ways To Be Great This Spring. If winter is the time to hunker down and be meditative, spring is the time to spring into action. If you're ready to shake off the winter blahs and the extra padding you accumulated over the past few months, take a cue from nature.
How to 'Own' Your Dream. A dream that is handed to you wouldn't be worth as much as one you had to pay to own. It wouldn't have the same significance, the same meaning, and it wouldn't represent the same success.
Why It's Healthy To Be Social. Until genetic testing becomes commonplace, most of us will just have to go with our instincts regarding the importance of
What to Eat to Beat an Afternoon Energy Slump. As the afternoon rolls along (or drags on, depending on your take), the office candy bowl sees an uptick in traffic. But a new study shows that it's protein, not sugar, that you should reach for to beat an afternoon slump.
HuffPost Workouts. In those solitary fitness moments, when your brain is threatening to convince your body to quit, we can all stand to get a little cocky if that's what it takes to reach the finish line.
8 Easy Steps for an Organized Pantry. 3. Wipe off the shelves. I apply a vinegar-and-water solution with a paper towel. But whatever floats your boat--just make
Caffeine. Them's The Shakes -- Answer/Debate It\u2019s difficult to say how much caffeine is too much because the substance can have vastly
Coping With Economic Uncertainty. Collective anxiety and increased tension go hand in hand with uncertainty. When individuals experience stress, they can slip into patterns of irrational behavior or thinking, rapid mood swings and highly unpredictable feelings.
Tornado Threatening?  Seek Shelter Immediately -- and Don't Use Your Head. Living in the southern edge of \Tornado Alley,\ I take these \weather phenomena\ seriously and anytime a tornado watch is declared for our area, we keep a close eye on the Weather Channel -- and on those dark, threatening clouds.
Kashi GMO Use Creates Controversy, Backlash On Facebook And Twitter. \While it's likely that some of our foods contain GMOs, the main reason for that is because in North America, well over 80
10 Simple Rules To Live By. Understanding the ingredients in personal care products can become so overwhelming and confusing we tend to shut down.
I'm Going to Run 26 Miles, 385 Yards for My Father. It's official. I'm running my first marathon this year
Addressing Disparities, Promoting Health Equity and Ending HIV/AIDS. We've come a long way in the battle against HIV/AIDS.  However, we must remain vigilant
Love and Gravity. Love grounds you. It orients you. Love brings your awareness to others and yourself. Love opens your mind and heart to others and yourself.
7 Foods With More Vitamin C Than An Orange. Oranges have some pretty good PR behind them -- for years, we've turned to the citrus as our go-to source for vitamin C. And
FDA Approves Vivus's Fast-Acting Viagra Rival. The drug -- which will compete with Pfizer Inc's Viagra, Eli Lilly's Cialis and Levitra, sold by GlaxoSmithKline and Bayer
Change How You Feel About Pain, Sleep Better?. \We have found that people who ruminate about their pain and have more negative thoughts about their pain don't sleep as
Meditation In Action. With practice, mindstrength is an effective tool to help one develop a deeply-grounded core rudder so that no matter what size of wave they encounter in their life they can recover quickly and proceed with more focus.
The Failure Crown. What if failure is neither good nor bad? What if failure is just one lesson (of many) intended to teach us who we are?
Refusing to Forgive. Forgiving does not mean forgetting or condoning! Forgiveness is for the person who was perpetrated, not the perpetrator. It is saying, \I have already been offended against, I am going to let go of this so I don't continue to be burdened by it.\
'Care In Your Heart'. Another member of the first HUES patient group, Paul, 46, is trying to find a way. The native Bostonian worked with Lopes
How To Fix Common Eye Problems. How to see clearly
Male Anorexia. According to NEDA, at least one million males in the United States have an eating disorder such as anorexia or bulimia.
10 Ways to Keep Your Workouts Exciting. The nice part about changing up your workouts is that not only does it keep your body guessing, but it also keeps your brain guessing, which can help keep workouts from getting ho-hum or boring -- and keep you from losing your exercise motivation!
Running With Mermaids. When Emma showed interest in the mermaid, I had high hopes for Mirabelle's return.  Only, it turns out, Emma's mermaid did not hold the same sort of feelings as Mirabelle had for me.
Sexuality. Nicholas consulted with me because of problems he was having in his marriage. He was very distressed that his wife, Kayla, never wanted to have sex with him.
Toil, or Tirade? Hard Truths About Hype. Tirades are, by their very nature, apt to gain a lot of attention and \go viral.\  They are dramatic.  They are extreme, provocative, and full of intrigue.  Hype sells.  Unfortunately, much of the time -- it is wrong.
How Not to Compound a Mistake. Mistakes are essential to your growth in life, if you recognize them and correct them. Do not fear them -- you need them.
One Doctor Explains Why The Internet Hasn't Really Changed Medicine. So how do we start to deliver on the outrageously great and transformational potential that personalized digital medicine
Creativity. Creativity is incredibly important as we address challenges that come our way and to build a better future.
Resist Impulse Shopping. So often, we operate on habit and impulse; by recognizing the subtle factors that promote shopping, we can turn that information to our advantage if we're trying to shop wisely.
Bootcamp Fitness. Welcome to 'You Tried It,' a series of video posts from top trainers, who will share clips from their popular workout DVDs
Cognitive Impairment Study Shows Berries Significantly Slow Degeneration. \If you can delay the onset by six months, let alone two or more years, the overall global impact on public health is immeasurable
Is There A Link Between Sleep Problems And Fibromyalgia Pain?. People with fibromyalgia often report problems with sleeping, but a new study in the Journal of Pain shows that troubled
Experimental Drug Reduces Autism Symptoms In Mice, Study Shows. Autism affects one out of every 88 American children and while there are available treatments for early intervention, there
Salmonella Sushi. However, complications can occur from salmonella infection, particularly in people like older adults, kids, people who have
Kissing. Our human makeup fundamentally consists of vibration, making the brain resonate with other vibrations it encounters such
Beef-Free Burgers. The last few months haven't been kind to ground beef. First came the news about pink slime, an ammonia-based filler that
Weight Loss Success. I changed the way I looked at food. Instead of using it to just stuff my face, I began to see it as fuel. I began to eliminate
Your Health Is in Your Hands. Think health reform is solely in the hands of politicians, bureaucrats, and giant corporations? It's not. Every time you go to the doctor, you have the chance to help reform our health care system into a more streamlined, effective, and inexpensive machine.
Colorize Your Plate!. Colorize your plate! Eat foods with a variety of color. The pigments of plant-based foods help fight disease and help you live a more vibrant life.
Pilot Trouble in the Skies. Ever-changing shift schedules, long hours, and short rest periods put pilots and other airline professionals at high risk for sleep deprivation, sleep disorders, and the health risks associated with chronic sleep problems, including mental health issues like depression and anxiety.
Get Your Doctor to Stop Using Medical Jargon. Physicians do a terrible job at assessing a patient's health literacy.  We are educating a new generation of doctors and nurses to use plain language, but in the meantime there are some steps you can take so you don't fall into the same trap that I did.
The Soul's Call to Your Inner Poet. One way to discern the soul's calling is to take a look around. Look closely and you will see that it's all over your life. Seen through the filter of the soul's calling, look at your environment. It will tell you the story.
Infertility. Although there have been tremendous advances over the past 30 years to give many couples the possibility of having a baby who might otherwise not have been able to have one, one thing hasn't changed
If It's Not a Specialty Breath Freshener, it May Contain Ingredients You Won't Like. The best oral health products take the simple approach. They don't use synthetic chemicals, they don't include dyes or detergents, they avoid allergens and they contain no alcohol.
The Balanced Life. How can we understand our relationship with excess? How do we continue to believe that more money or cars or shoes or food or sex will make us happy? Why are we the only animal that can be made ill by our appetites?
Kidney Donation. April is National Donate Life Month, and if you're thinking about donating a kidney, now would be the time to find out what it's all about. Did you ever wonder how they match potential organ donors with people who need organs?
Autism and the Hypothetical Child. Given how many autistic people there are in the world, it's odd how much of the conversation about autism revolves around children who don't exist.
How to Stop Comparing Yourself to Others. Your life is explicitly designed for your own growth. Every person you meet, every situation you encounter, challenges you to become a stronger, more loving, and confident person. Try to appreciate the grace of both the hurdles and the joys you've been given.
Surprisingly Calcium-Rich Foods That Aren't Milk. Which non-milk option is your favorite way to make sure you get enough calcium? The recommended daily intake of calcium for
The Spiritual Evolution Of Oprah. \u201cShe has used her influence to do for spirituality what Anna Wintour has done for fashion.\u201d The weight-obsessed, book-club
Forgiving the Unforgivable. Working with people who have experienced extreme trauma, I have become convinced that those who have suffered the most have the most to give, if they are only able to reconcile with their past and restore a measure of hope.
5 Smart Strategies For Making Technology Work On Your Side. At the very least, clear your head by getting outside for a few minutes, since research shows that being in nature is the
The Different Kinds of Bad Breath, Part 5. There's a lot going on during the day that contributes to bad breath. But there are a few things you can do to help yourself.
Medical Research We Never Hear About. What most people don't realize, let alone really think about, is that there might be other studies that show that X does none of those things -- and that some of those studies might never have been published.
Reunion With Soul. Never, ever forget or doubt the difference your GPS makes when you rise above self-doubt or indifference, reclaiming the moment for what needs a voice in your heart.
Making a Difference. Often we resist the idea of making a difference, because we're convinced it will take a tremendous amount of our time and energy.  Or, that we may not have the information or answers others seek.
Where The Mosquito Bites. Nationwide, about 9 percent of people say they don't walk outside without bug spray, and nearly 10 percent say they use bug
Prescription Painkiller Abuse. \This is one of the greatest drug threats we have ever faced,\ Michele Leonhart, who heads the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration
Are Allergies Actually Meant To Protect Us?. Importantly, Medzhitov notes that although allergies are intended to be helpful, they are sometimes excessive and detrimental
17 Healthy Grains You've Never Heard Of. For many, whole grains are an important part of a healthy diet. Consuming at least three servings of whole grains per day
Is Atlantic Salmon (Farmed Salmon) Linked to Obesity and Diabetes?. So, the next question would be
Expressing How We Truly Feel Is Not Easy, But It's Worth It. I have no problem expressing discontent, criticism, and opinions, but when it comes to expressing love, I will suffer quietly, in the corner, hoping the other person is gifted with telepathy.
The $2 Trillion Question. Why is it that America is still spending $2 trillion on health care, mostly treating people after they become sick? How can we shift money toward prevention, where each dollar can save us multiple dollars on treatment?
Pet Health. For more on pet health, click here. By Dr. Patty Khuly for Vetstreet 1. She's Not Fat! It's just fur. She's a solid dog. The
How Society Influences Diabetes Management. Personally, I will not forget the openness, energy and passion Albright radiated when I met her. It's comforting to know she's advocating for all of us at the CDC.
If Red Meat Would Kill You Before Your Time, Would You Still Eat It?. The association of animal protein (especially that loaded with highly saturated fat) and increased health risks is not new. Does the threat of death, as opposed to unpleasant diseases like cancer and heart disease, make a difference in how consumers behave?
12 Processed Foods With More Than 25 Ingredients. It's also a good idea to avoid foods with more than five ingredients; the additional 20 or so in the picks below are often
10 At-Home Moves For A Better Backside. As a trainer and exercise teacher for many years, I have worked on butt exercises for as long as I can remember. Some are good, and some are really good. The key is doing them and doing them consistently.
Sure You're Gifted and Talented... But Are You Also Annoying?. Only by fully embracing your true identity -- your authentic soul -- can you embark a journey that directs you toward happiness, peace, and fulfillment.
Spiritual Sex. Love is a very powerful force indeed. The more we tune into it inside ourselves, the more we can channel it in any moment by aligning with the feeling state, and it leads to bringing that power into being.
The Anatomy Of A Healthy Snack (INFOGRAPHIC). Snacking may be at least partially to blame for expanding waistlines, but with hectic, jam-packed schedules, it's not always
The Millennial Patient. In times when I keep track of my finances online, reconnect with old friends online, purchase goods online and go to the movies, you guessed it... online, it's absolutely astounding how it's still rare for me to be able to get my lab results at the click of a mouse.
A Life Well Lived, a Love Well Shared. By his own words, he had lived a full life, with no regrets. If this was his time to go, he was ready. The day before he
What the Buddha Might Say to Mitt Romney. The Buddha taught of the dangers of greed, hatred and ignorance, that he called the three poisons. Where greed grabs our desires, hatred abuses our fears, while ignorance clouds our vision.
Help Me Save a Million Men. If we can reduce men's risk of death to the same level as women's, we can save nearly a million men within three years.
Focus Is Great, But Not Without Zoom. Have you ever felt off, but not know why? Stuck not knowing what to do to get back on your path to being efficient, fit, more relaxed or just plain well?
The Orange Biographies, the Healing Narrative, and Somatic Techniques. I suppose I have given up my aspiration for greatness.  But I have not relinquished my passion for stories, the stories of a life.  This has sustained me over decades in the practice of psychotherapy.
Fire Starter Network (LIVE BLOG). Creative Geniuses tend to hang out with other Creative Geniuses and here at Healthy Living, our online community is a place
Sleep Apnea Impacts Brain Artery Function After Just 1 Month, Study Shows. The research was presented at the Experimental Biology 2012 meeting in San Diego. Researchers from Dresden University found
Smart Alarms Decide When You Should Really Wake Up. The biggest consideration in choosing an alarm clock is usually finding the right buzzer noise -- annoying enough to force
Botox Ingredient May Help Decrease Chronic Migraines For Some. \The effect these appear to be having on migraine headaches is small -- it only reduces headaches by a couple of days a month
Peng Peng. The cell was then inserted into an unfertilized egg and implanted into the womb of a surrogate sheep. (Editing by Paul Tait
WATCH. See more clips Sign up to receive my email newsletter each week - It will keep you up-to-date on upcoming articles, Mondays
Luke Askew Lung Cancer. \Big Love\ actor Luke Askew died from lung cancer last month in his home in Oregon, according to news reports. According
How's Your Existential Maturity?. I like to imagine what our lives and society would be like if we lived in a world that encouraged and valued existential maturity.  What would it be like if we were taught and motivated to connect to a deep sense of self and to live our lives from that place?
Dick Clark Had Routine Prostate Surgery The Day Before His Death. LOS ANGELES, April 24 (Reuters) - Television producer Dick Clark had routine prostate surgery the day before he died last
A Happy World Begins With a Happy You. Happy people create happy communities who are dedicated to everyone thriving. These communities can then institute more caring policies that influence the well-being of a town, a state, or a country.
PSA Screening Guidelines Ignored By Many Men, Study Shows. To better understand how guidelines in general may change clinical practice, the authors call for the continued monitoring
Plyometrics Workout. For more on fitness and exercise, click here. Plyometrics (also referred to as \jump training\) refers to movements that
How to Have a Colonoscopy. Colon cancer is a leading killer. Colon cancer is highly preventable. The stakes are high. But so is public confusion about screening guidelines.
Weight Loss Success. How I Gained It
Feeding Tube Diet. The recent news about a new diet fad among brides-to-be has generated a flood of headlines and outrage.
Day 7. The process of \leaning in\ is about gradually refining your habits little by little so that you get used to better ways of eating in a relaxed manner, with no pressure and no drastic changes that might tempt you to give up and go back to old ways
Does Love Have to Be Choosy?. Since love sits in us between trust and fear, a commitment to love requires daring to trust and freedom from fear, both risks we are willing to take when we love someone.
When Your Mom Forgets Who You Are. I'll never forget the moment when I realized my mother no longer knew who I was. For every child of a parent with Alzheimer's, that reality is a devastating one. How could she not recognize me?
State Life Expectancy. The study also shows that black Americans' life expectancies are improving much faster than those of white Americans. In
Burger King. So how did Burger King do? We decided to compare the nutrition information from their new offerings to the traditional fare
Autism Treatments Called Into Question. \When we put it all together, trying to adjust for the missing trials, we realized that it is very likely that these medications
Colorectal Cancer. Risk factors for colorectal cancer include being over age 50; having a family history of the disease; having had endometrial
Metta World Peace (Formerly Ron Artest) And Other Athletes Who Face Mental Health Struggles. Metta World Peace, the Los Angeles Lakers' star formerly known as Ron Artest, was ejected from a game last night against
45 Healthy Foods To Make And Never Buy Again. Nix those suspicions that good, homemade food comes with an exorbitant price tag. We found exactly the opposite, actually
Giuliana Rancic Expecting A Baby Via Surrogate. The American Cancer Society explains how cancer treatments can impact the safety of pregnancy
Migraine Relief. The newest guidelines for preventing migraines focus on prescription drugs, and tout the efficacy of several non-prescription
Life, Death, and the Space in Between. When we think we're going to live forever, the little things get missed; they don't matter all that much. We forget how wonderful it is to taste chocolate, or listen to a great piece of music.
8 Celebrities Touched By Lyme Disease. For more on celebrity health, click here. CLARIFICATION
One Good Way to Kick a Bad Habit. Bring this practice into the moments of your life at home and at work where you notice the habits occurring. Allow it to widen the space of awareness and choose a different response.
Sam Simon And 12 Other Celebrities Touched By Colorectal Cancer. Colon or colorectal cancer, defined as cancer that starts in the large intestine or the rectum (the end of the colon) affects
Too Much Free Time Could Make Us Feel Too Busy, Study Suggests. Researchers interrupted more than 200 students in class and asked them to complete different five-minute tasks. Some had
5 Causes of Loneliness. Amid the flurry of research on happiness these days, it's easy to lose sight of another side of adulthood
The K-E Diet. What makes the K-E diet truly appalling is that it transforms a medical therapy into the indulgence of a short-term, short-sighted, vanity-driven whim.  It opens up a whole new world of shockingly bad ideas.
Pat Summitt's Candor Is a 'Win' for Young-Onset Alzheimer's Disease. Every time news hits about Pat Summitt -- not about her victories with the University of Tennessee women's basketball team, but about her fight with dementia -- it's a win for the cause.
When Wishes Are Fishes. How do we get doctors to honor our wishes at the end of life? Most recommend preparing an advance directive, and I'm no exception. These documents are not infallible, but they are the best things we've got going for us when we can't speak for ourselves.
Lose the Last 10 Pounds by Memorial Day Weekend. If you are like most people when it comes to getting your bikini body ready for summer, you may be waiting until \crunch time.\ Well with Memorial Day weekend being less than five weeks away, I'm here to tell you that \crunch time\ has officially arrived.
Weight Loss Tips. By Leslie Goldman They say you should never trust a skinny chef. But what about a petite food stylist or a svelte cupcake
Walking Could Help To Decrease Depression, Review Finds. The Mayo Clinic explained that exercise may help fight depression by prompting the release of chemicals in the brain that
Weight Loss. What would happen if, instead of worrying about what you had for breakfast, you focused instead on becoming exquisitely comfortable with who you are as a person? Instead of scrutinizing yourself in the mirror, looking for every bump and bulge, you turned your gaze inward?
Day 6. Today, I'm going to go easy on you. I'm going to introduce you to my delish Power Smoothie.
5 Myths About Vitamins. A recent government study said more than half of all Americans take dietary supplements, which in my opinion is surprisingly high, considering these pills and powders aren't regulated like drugs but like foods.
Miss Wisconsin Talks About Growing Up WIth Addiction. \It was tough bringing that out into the open, but I new I had a message that I wanted to get out there. Drinking, drinking
When Do You Practice What You Preach?. When you say what you are going to do in a situation, you are making your best guess about it.  However, it is hard for you to simulate all of the other factors that are going to influence your behavior.
10 Beliefs That May Be Keeping You From the Life You Want. When you carry around a heavy load of internal rules -- \shoulds\ -- you become worn down and burdened by your own expectations. Try picking one belief that you're willing to let go.
Earth Day / Earth Night. This week, we celebrate the heightened awareness and many major environmental initiatives promoted by Earth Day. But, what about Earth Night?
Sleeping On The Job? Good! Overachievers Do. Don't expect to find Ronit Rogoszinski in meetings, entertaining clients or hunched over her desk around lunchtime. The 45
In Defense of Fat. Maligned for decades, the message from many health organizations has been the same
The Health Benefits Of Having A Dog. Once you've decided to bring a dog into your home, find out how you can make the most out of your time with your pup -- and
The Lesson of a Leaf. What happens if we allow ourselves to become attuned to the simple transactions of our daily lives?  What can we learn from those moments that nearly slip past our awareness?
Day 5. All I want you to do is add in two tablespoons of ground flaxseed somewhere in your day. Add them to any foods you like (as long as they end up in your mouth). Flax has a sweet, nutty flavor, so it goes down easily!
To Health With Fun? Bring on the Epidemic!. Up to a point, we professionals are quite right to note how hard getting to health can be through the obstacle course of the modern day -- for adults and children alike. But there is another story to tell about health, and it is fun.  It's all about fun.
Full Cup, Thirsty Spirit. Finding time to sit quietly in a room is no easy task for any of us. I know for myself, even before having kids, it was hard to find time for such non-activity.
Drug Safety Tracked Even After Approval, FDA Says. ATLANTA, April 21 (Reuters) - The U.S. Food and Drug Administration said on Saturday it now spends as much effort and resources
Daily Chores And Exercise Could Help Ward Off Alzheimer's, Study Suggests. The study, which included 716 people (average age of 82), was published in the journal Neurology. \These results provide
When I Look at Relationships. We come into relationships often very much identified with our needs. I need this, I need security, I need refuge, I need friendship. And all of relationships are symbiotic in that sense. We come together because we fulfill each others' needs at some level or other.
Please Meditate. Zazen is traditionally practiced sitting on a zafu pillow or bench in cross-legged full lotus with erect posture of spine and zero slouching. Part of the traditional character of zen is that it can require mental and physical discipline.
Weight Loss Success. After Weight
How to Be the Healthiest Person Alive. My goal? To test out every diet and exercise regimen on planet earth and figure out which work best. I sweated, I cooked, I learned to pole dance. In the end, I lost weight, lowered my cholesterol and doubled my energy level.
Habits Are Everything. Habits are a critical component of the happiness equation. It is one thing to know what to do to be happy (or to raise happy children, or to create a happy marriage) but it is quite another thing to actually be able to do those things.
Want To Change Your Life? Don't Get Involved, Get Committed. Feelings and thoughts are not changed quickly, and anyone that tells you differently is a huckster. Lasting and meaningful personal change is not like having your oil changed at JiffyLube, as much as we might want it to be.
Day 4. Today we're going to switch up milk and butter for their nondairy counterparts. And I'm going to point you to the yummiest ones.
Dog Taking Over Your Bed? Training Can Help You Both Sleep Soundly. Zoned For Pets Having your pet's sleeping area located at the foot of your bed may be most conducive for deep sleep. But
Dr. Ann Albright Is Translating Diabetes Research Into Health. Last year Dr. Ann Albright was the closing speaker at Diabetes Sister's \Weekend for Women.\ Albright is the director of the Division of Diabetes Translation at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).
Consider Isolation Therapy for Type 2 Diabetes. What do you think would happen if someone that is overweight with Type 2 diabetes that has a difficult time making wise food choices and getting exercise, is taken to a relatively secluded island for two months in the summer where they have to hunt, pick or pull from a tree their food.
The History of Intoxication. Is there something valuable -- essentially human -- in becoming intoxicated?
TIME 100. Robert Grant \Treating HIV is one thing, but preventing infections to begin with is the ultimate goal,\ wrote TIME's Alice
The Finer Points of Manifesting Change. If change is vibration, a shift in chords creates another song entire. And if life is vibration as well, there is incredible value in effectively leveraging change to positively affect our lives.
HuffPost Workouts. For me music is a tool to help me to stay in shape, become a better runner and to help motivate others to get a great workout, too.
Letting Go Of Regrets Is Better For Emotionally Healthy Aging. Health issues linked with holding on to regret included cold symptoms and feelings of depression, the AARP Bulletin reported
'World's Largest Shared Acupuncture' Event a Surprisingly Spiritual Experience. Acupuncture in a little room with a single practitioner can be wonderful. But partaking of acupuncture en mass, even if it likely was not the \world's largest\ experience, was much more than a medical event.
OScan. \Sometimes I see a problem and it just sticks in my head. This was one of those moments for me,\ Prakash said in a statement
Call Center Workers Voice Problems. Researchers from the University of Ulster in the U.K. found that 25 percent of people on the job -- which, as everyone knows
Sitting Ducks. The \progress\ afforded by the Industrial Revolution has provided a natural experiment demonstrating the catastrophic effects of sedentary life. If one considers our genetic wiring, perfected over hundreds of thousands of generations, this all makes perfect sense.
Under the Sea(weed). You've seen it around your sushi, most likely. Not the soy sauce or the little green mound of wasabi, but the seaweed that holds everyone's favorite food together. It makes sushi rolls delicious and portable, but it's a lot more than wrapping paper.
FITNESS/Yahoo! Survey. Most celebrities have enviable figures. But whose body confidence do we most wish we had? According to the newly released
Fit Links. FitSugar points out that adding eco-friendly options to a line of fitness gear is one thing, but overhauling an entire business
The New 'Magic' Surgery for Weight Loss. Bariatric surgery, whether a stomach bypass operation or sewing together bits of a stomach lining, is not sufficient to prevent emotional overeating or the failure to accept a permanent commitment to health eating and exercise.
18 Celebrities Who Battled Depression. By Amanda MacMillan Depression is a serious illness that can happen to anyone, even people who seem to have it all. Here
The High Cost of Always Being 'Right'. After years of coaching successful professionals in a variety of disciplines, I've come to see that when conflicts arise, many of us tend to care more about being \right\ than we do about finding the best course of action.
Grow Deep and You'll Stand Tall. We need to remember that infinite intelligence is the soil, the essential foundation upon which we grow our lives. Then we can view the challenges in our lives as blessings. It is that contrast that develops our character and deepens our spiritual roots in the rich soil of being.
Every New Beginning Comes From Some Other Beginning's End. But then I also look at the month as more than just wanting to sleep for 31 days. I look back to it as the month where I
What Is Mindfulness Meditation?. Although meditation was devised thousands of years ago for spiritual reasons, today we can employ the tool of mindfulness meditation for its psychological benefits.
Who Is Your Relationship Role Model?. Ask anyone you know who is in a great relationship and they will tell you that they have at least one role model relationship that they can emulate.
A New Mainstream Health Care?. What will \mainstream\ look like two, five or 10 years from now?  If movement one continues its rise, as many believe it will, it's a safe bet that mainstream health care will be transformed.
Day 3. Today we're going to look at superfoods, which are not only super-nutritious but also super for helping you get in shape, lose weight, and feel vigorous.
The Moment I First Knew I Was Depressed. There was never a moment when I said to myself, \Self, it's been two months since you haven't been your cheery self, and if the Zoloft ad on TV is any indication of what depression feels like, you are certainly a sad egg who can't -- or doesn't want to -- catch that damn butterfly.\
Top 5 Excuses for Not Getting Acupuncture. Some people just can't bring themselves to try acupuncture. Despite being something they're curious about, something they sense could be helpful, acupuncture remains an unscalable mountain.
Sleep Is a Spiritual Practice. In this video I share about why I think sleep is a spiritual practice. Hop into bed with me and learn my tips for how to get more rest and the spiritual benefits of sleep.
Changing My Metabolism. When I underwent metabolic testing, I figured the experience would simply make a good story, and prove entertaining for an avid athlete like myself. To my surprise, however, the tests indicated serious problems with my current exercise and diet regimen.
How I Made Sleep A Priority -- And Got More Productive. When I was around 10 years old I would regularly wake up at 5 or 6 a.m. to play Nintendo before school. My brother, six years
Sweet Fear of Climbing. Eventually, I learned to appreciate the fear that shows up at the beginning of new projects and initiatives as a good sign -- it's that knowing that you are about to expand outside of what is known and safe and familiar into a new world of understanding and experience.
Hepatitis C Drug Shows Encouraging Results In Study. The market for treating hepatitis C has burgeoned in the last year with two new breakthrough treatments approved for sale
Breast Cancer. In a wide-ranging new study, researchers have classified breast cancer into 10 different subtypes \u2014 a finding that could
No Evidence That Gum Disease Causes Heart Disease, Researchers Find. \There's a lot of confusion out there,\ Peter Lockhart, D.D.S., co-chair of the group that wrote the statement and professor
Healthy Foods May Mean Healthier Stock Prices. The message was clear
'Hangover Heaven' Bus Claims To Fix Hangovers -- But What Message Is It Sending?. As a refresher, what is a hangover? By Cassie Rodenberg (Click here for the original article) Alcohol causes the brain to
10 (More) Celebs Who Are Aging Gracefully. Last fall, we put together a list of 30 celebs who are aging gracefully -- famous entertainers who have refused to give into
America's Sex Trafficking Victims and Transcendental Meditation. Through Transcendental Meditation children victimized by prostitution begin to feel their inner strength and shed bad memories. By reaching inside their inner core the child experiences peacefulness, goodness and a childlike innocence that radiates out, much like a concentric circle.
Support the Fit Kids Bill. For more than six years now I've been working hard in my efforts to make P.E. once again part of the core curriculum in America's public schools.
Small Temperature Increases In Summer Linked With Higher Death Risk For Elderly. Specifically, death risk increased by 4 percent for elderly people who had diabetes and 3.8 percent for people who'd had
The Benefits of Outdoor Exercise. Spring is a perfect time to escape from the gym so you never have to sit on a sweaty machine again.  Exercising outdoors is challenging, saves time, and studies are finding that it can actually make you feel better.
Astrology Now. Prepare to incorporate a (surprising!) new perspective into your life over the coming week or two.  Planetary energies are helping us move full steam ahead -- but in a way that may call for a bit of innovation.
The California Nail Polish Scandal and What it Means for Your Manicure. I used to think a mani/pedi made for the perfect relaxing, healthy way to escape from my life for a few minutes. As it turns out, this seemingly-benign reward can be extremely hazardous for our health.
Lyme Disease. Two conditions are creating what may become the perfect storm for transmission of Lyme disease this spring.
Getting A Tax Refund? Healthy Ways To Spend It. For more on stress, click here. Tax day has come and gone -- and now that you've filed (or filed for an extension), hopefully
What Good Is Joy in the Face of All This Sadness?. In my travels around the world to some of the poorest places on the planet I found that people would frequently rush to share with me their most joyful object or experience -- a meal, a song, a path they liked to walk.
Lessons From the Mat. When you can stand, even for a moment, in the truth of who are you, you can begin to respond to the incessant lies that are keep you stuck behind the brick wall of resistance. And then you will begin to break through and find your way to freedom.
Confessions of a Semi-Vegan. I feel pretty amazing most of the time. And I worked hard to get here -- a decade of learning about nutrition, yoga, holistic wellness and my body, while implementing lifestyle adjustments like tons of exercise and fresh air.
Alcohol in the Workplace. Is making alcohol available at the workplace justified by arguments such as long work hours, the blending of work and home life, or the expectation that employees will act responsibly? I would argue that it is not.
Day 2. The established diet of choice for the past few decades has been one full of animal protein and low on carbs, and if you look around, the population hasn't been getting any slimmer.
The Different Kinds of Bad Breath, Part 4. Compared to many of the other \bad breaths\ I've discussed, stomach breath is probably the least common. This is because gastrointestinal issues that could lead to bad breath are usually pervasive enough for someone to seek treatment.
More Evidence That Sleep Deprivation Is Linked With Obesity. Even more evidence has come out showing that not getting enough sleep is linked with an increased risk of obesity. Dr. Richard
NBA Players Are Losing Sleep Over This Season. They touch down at another NBA city and check their smartphones to help them adjust to a new time zone while their own bodies
Happiness is Gardening in Spring!. There is nothing quite like a warm, sunny spring day when the trees, flowers, bees, and birds are bursting out all over, the
How to Get Over Getting Screwed. Somewhere down the line people came to the conclusion that we were entitled to a great life. Like we're owed it somehow. But the reality is that there is only one person responsible for how the cards fall, and that person is you.
Exercise Squared. Within the past four decades, the science has flourished with evidence showing exercise is good for you -- especially in the prevention of diabetes, obesity, cancer, cardiovascular disease, depression and osteoporosis.
Accessing the Wisdom of the Soul. I find this idea of using technology to help us get and stay connected with the soul and learn how to nurture it in our daily lives an interesting concept, for I've always thought of the soul itself as our internal GPS.
K-E Diet. Other side effects, according to Di Pietro, include bad breath and constipation (another approved substance
The Power of Introverts. Some of our greatest ideas, art, and inventions -- from the theory of evolution to van Gogh's sunflowers to the personal computer -- came from quiet and cerebral people who knew how to tune in to their inner worlds and the treasures to be found there.
Weight Loss Success. Current Weight
Cultivating the Undefeated Heart. There's nothing like true stories of those who refuse to be defeated, despite the odds, to cure what ails you. Such stories transfix, restoring hope in transformation. This turn of events is available to every one of us willing to put in the sweat equity.
Turning off Your Smartphone. When it comes to creating stress, smartphones are near the top of the list. Although these ubiquitous devices put the world at our fingertips, and seemingly free us from the shackles of the office, they also invade our lives and psyches.
WATCH. Our experiences are mapped on our faces. When you look into the mirror, what do you see? Today, Donna D'Cruz guides us through
Attention Vets. We've found an important tool that promotes recovery from PTSD in war veterans. It's the Emotional Freedom Technique (EFT), otherwise known as Tapping, which combines Western psychotherapy with the Eastern \acupressure points\ used in acupuncture.
Levon Helm Throat Cancer. * * * For more information, read the Rolling Stone article here. There is not yet any information on what kind of cancer
Helicopters Save More Lives Than Ambulances After Serious Trauma, Study Finds. Traumatic injury is the leading cause of death in the U.S. for people under the age of 45, killing 169,000 individuals annually
Death. It is only when you become aware of death that you want to know what life is about. Once you come to terms with death and you are conscious that you will die, you will want to make every moment of your life as beautiful as possible.
10 Health Mistakes You're Making Right Now Because You Think You're Too Busy. If your career is central to your life and you can't afford to be sick, get your diet on track and follow some simple rules.
Calm Your Body to Transform Your Thinking. It's painful to be stuck in negative thinking.  When this goes on for a long period of time or when it interferes with your ability to function it's important to find strategies to lessen these symptoms.
Bike Commuting Tips. Spring's arrival means the growth of many things
Normal Medical Lab Results Not So Normal. The medical field continues to define health as the absence of disease, an impoverished conceptualization that underlies the most fundamental problems in our health care system.
What's Going on With All the Sexless Marriages?. The problem is that marriage forces love into a singular, finite, unforgiving, inflexible model that allows no room for any other kind. There is one expectation imposing what you can feel and what you can't. Period. In some ways it prevents us from being human.
Personal Transformation. When you master the art and science of the paradigm shift, you're able to make life as meaningful as you like.  You're now able to clear the obstacles on the path to the results you want and need.  You can silence the whining, self-pitying monkey mind any time you like.
Why Do We Ignore the Simplest (and Best) Solutions for Losing Weight?. While quickie solutions might sometimes be \quick,\ they aren't always \solutions.\ If something sounds too weird, too wacky and too outlandish, take the hint and try dieting the old-fashioned way. Your health -- and your body -- will thank you for it.
In Blur Of A.D.H.D., Sleep Troubles May Be A Culprit. Many children are given a diagnosis of A.D.H.D., researchers say, when in fact they have another problem
How Practice Rewires The Brain. Both the mice that learned new tricks and those that went about business as usual grew new spines on their neurons, but mice
Ryan O'Neal's Prostate Cancer. Risk factors for prostate cancer include being older (the disease is most common in men older than 65), being black, having
Ask Questions. Being a good listener brings many benefits
Texas Monthly On The John Friend Anusara Yoga Scandal. Texas Monthly just published their in-depth look into the scandal surrounding John Friend, founder of Anusara -- a school
Killing Time. Our time is our life. How we spend the hours of our days is the truest measure of what we create, what we value and how we invest our life energy.
How Safe Is Your Cookware?. A significant number of consumer reports and scientific studies have revealed the presence of harmful, carcinogenic chemicals
Why Clingy People Feel Colder. An icy stare may do more than just chill your heart metaphorically \u2014 it can literally change the way you perceive ambient
Regulating Pain Pills. People feeling overwhelmed by their pain shouldn't be in line at pill mills or get treated like they are going through airport security. They should have a place to go where they can learn how to overcome what really ails them.
Here Are 6 Easy Ways To Reduce Your Workplace Stress. Stress sucks.\u00a0 According to the American Psychological Association, stress can result in headache, muscle tension, muscle
Diagnosis of Eating Disorders in Older Women Increases as Awareness Grows. When it comes to eating disorders, the conventional wisdom -- or the belief that anorexia, bulimia and other related disorders are a \teenage girl's disease\ -- isn't so wise. In fact, it's just plain wrong.
Salt Levels In Fast Food Vary From Country To Country, Study Finds. However, a McDonald's spokesperson told Reuters that the study uses data from 2010, and McDonald's has since lowered its
Depression Researchers May Have Developed First Blood Test For Teens. To determine whether blood might be used to diagnose the condition, researchers looked at 14 teenagers with major depression
It's Not About Introverts vs. Extroverts, It's About Embracing Differences and Moments of Solitude. I am far from what one would call an introvert, but some of my favorite moments are being by myself, lost in my thoughts.
Optimism Could Be The Secret To A Healthy Heart, Study Suggests. The evidence suggests that people who are happy and optimistic are more likely to engage in healthy behaviors, like doing
Podo. While earning his doctorate from Brighton and Sussex Medical School in the UK, Ayele began collaborating with the NIH team
Weight Loss Success. Name
When Your Loved Ones Hold Your Life in Their Hands. National Healthcare Decisions Day (NHDD) falls conveniently every April 16 so you can deal with the difficult matters of death and taxes all in one week. NHDD is one day when we're asked to put our own discomfort aside and think about the loved ones we leave behind.
Is Stress a Choice?. The true nature of stress is that it starts within each of us. And since it does, we can do something about it. Choose to start taking back control of your life right now. Make reflexology a part of your action plan.
Yes Is the New No. Let's not allow yes to be the new no, let's make an effort to engage in authentic and compassionate communications.  Let's not fool ourselves into thinking that interacting on Facebook or Twitter will help us get our emotional needs met.
Cancer Related to Risk of Heart Attack and Suicide. A new study in the April 5, 2012 issue of The New England Journal of Medicine shows that a surprising number of cancer patients die not of cancer, but of a heart attack or suicide triggered by the diagnosis.
Definitive Study Rejects the Diagnosis of 'Psychosis Risk' and Finds No Treatment Benefit. A new study on the effectiveness of psychosis prevention is a clear caution against the DSM 5 proposal for a psychosis risk syndrome, and it should temper enthusiasm for rushing ahead with \ultra high risk\ prevention programs.
GPS for the Soul. As entrepreneurs, we have spent our careers studying, reimagining and developing uses of new technology.
10 Things I Have to Plant Every Year (No Matter What). Spring is a time to start over and try new things, but after 30 years of gardening, there are the tried-and-true that simply must be planted every year. This is my list.
Boston Marathon Heat Wave. The Boston Marathon kicked off this morning, despite concerns about the unseasonably warm weather. With temperatures expected
More Surprising Advice From A Centenarian. My great-aunt's life proves that going with the flow doesn't mean being passive; it means pursuing what makes you happy and having the courage to adapt when things don't go as planned.
We Can Aim for More Than a Long, Sick, Expensive Life. The problem is actually that we're living longer, but the longevity is fueled by very expensive chronic diseases that were preventable. The dream of living a long, healthy life has been replaced by living a long, sick life.
Arianna Huffington's GPS for the Soul to Be Launched at C2-MTL 2012. In case you haven't heard, Arianna Huffington will showcase the GPS for the Soul mobile application in a world premiere at C2-MTL, a global event on commerce and creativity taking place under Montreal's spring sun from May 22 to May 25.
The 7-Day Lean Challenge. Whether you've been working against 10 pounds or 200, losing weight and keeping it off can be one of the toughest challenges. What I'm here to tell you is that weight loss doesn't have to be hard!
10 Health Benefits Of Relaxation. You may have heard that a little bit of stress is actually good for you. In the just-right amount, that adrenaline rush can
If Gambling, Games, and Sex Are Addictive, What Is Addiction?. DSM 5's announcement that the psychiatric diagnostic manual will, for the first time, call something addictive that doesn't involve substance abuse -- gambling -- has opened the floodgates.
Chin Surgery. Chin augmentation grew by 66 percent in 2011 for women, and 76 percent for men. By age, the surgeries grew by 77 percent
Why Blaming Feels Good. Rather than judge ourselves for blaming -- which most of us do at times -- why not look at what the blaming is covering up and learn to lovingly manage the feelings that we are covering up and avoiding with blaming?
Ozzie Guillen Lessons. We all say things we don't mean and we all offend others unintentionally.  The best you can do is to try to minimize these occurrences.
We Tried It. I twisted onto myside while still suspended, I wove my legs up and around the fabric, I arched my back, all the while imagining I was soaring above the gape-mouthed crowd at the 2013 Oscars.
Soul-Talk. Just as a GPS system in a car helps recalculate your route, GPS for the Soul will help you notice when you've gone off-course. And it will provide instant, on-demand feedback to help you course-correct.
GPS for the Soul. I'm delighted to announce that HuffPost is at work on an app we call \GPS for the Soul.\ I hope it will be just the beginning of our journey to reconnect with ourselves, our creativity, our intuition, and our wisdom.
Women Sex Addicts And The Internet. I would still have been a sex addict without the Internet, but it's hard for me to picture because those two tweaky compulsions
Journey to Well-Being. Weintraub's book comes at a time when an increasing number of Americans are seeking alternative treatments to antidepressant medications with limited effectiveness and disturbing side effects.
How Springtime Allergies Can Affect Your Pet. Other prescription treatments include omega-3 fatty acids (for the anti-inflammatory effect) and probiotics. Like some people
How to Get Fit in 10 Minutes or Less. Ditch the idea that when it comes to exercise, longer is better. Enjoy quick workouts -- and your extra time!
Just Because You're You. At the deepest level, we're valuable as human beings just because we're us -- not because of what we do, how we look, what people think of us, or what we produce or accomplish.
8 Bad Brushing Habits That Harm Your Teeth. By Amanda Schupak for YouBeauty Yes, there is a right way and a wrong way to brush your pearly whites. The most important
My Descent Into Hell and What it Taught Me About Beauty. In losing myself, I mysteriously gained an entire universe of light and indescribable beauty. It was so beautiful that it was painful. It was so ecstatic that it was unbearable. It burned my awareness and lit my entire soul on fire.
10 Foods To Avoid Before Bed. We lose sleep over so many things, so the last thing we need is our late-night dining decisions working against us. Everyone
Why Religion Is Linked With Better Health And Well-Being. \No matter if it is ancient burial practices or modern injunctions against smoking, the mechanism for the effect of religion
The Art of Sleeping. Dr. Samantha Boardman, a clinical instructor in psychiatry and public health and an assistant attending psychiatrist at Weill Cornell Medical College, wrote a column for \The Tory Blog\ on why sleep is so important and how to get more of it.
Asian Takeout. By Kate Ashford You know a little something about how to order healthy at Asian restaurants. Brown rice trumps white, summer
Diet Drinks. If you are thinking that diet soft drinks or artificial or even natural sweeteners are the answer for getting off sugar, think again.
Fact or Fiction? Common Exercise Myths BUSTED. New client consultations always remind me of exercise myths that continue to be perpetuated.  Understanding the reasoning behind why these beliefs are untrue can only help us to engage in a more effective exercise program.
Two Ways To Live Longer And Healthier. Young or old, you can promote lasting health by incorporating yoga and the Mediterranean diet into your lifestyle. Here are two ways to live a longer, healthier life.
Harmony and Disruption Are Part of the Same Whole. The word harmony evokes equilibrium and peace. When we idealize harmony we imagine the smooth melding of opposites. The music of life supporting us, internally and externally.
Exercise Could Lower Fatigue And Depression In Breast Cancer Patients. The researchers found that the women who exercised the most during the time between the surgery and starting their assigned
The Healthland Podcast, Special Edition. This week we bring you a special edition podcast about sleep -- but we promise it\u2019s a wide-awake listen! Read more on healthland.time.com
Super Soul Sunday. Autism
Why the Bathroom Scale May Not Always Be a Dieter's Best Friend. The number that the scale registers has absolutely no reflection on who you are as a person. And, like me, you just might find that paying attention to other indicators proves to be a healthier -- and happier -- way to track your fabulosity.
3 Zen Ways to Nurture the Very Sick. Food is one of the last few pleasures left when illness leaves one laying in bed in a small room with little else available in terms of sensory gratification. Food is also an important part of caregiving.
Painkiller From the Sky? Sunshine Vitamin May Help Older People With Chronic Pain. Though experts currently have differing opinions about sun exposure, one thing is clear and can be acted upon today
Spring Cleansing. Spring is here, and once again so is my desire to clean out all of the clutter and junk that has accumulated throughout the year. Instead of starting with my closets and the miles of old mail, I thought it would be refreshing to try to cleanse myself so that I can start the spring rejuvenated.
Don't Lose Your Balance at Mealtime!. When you're focusing on optimal digestion, you an easily overlook simple things. For instance, you should have a balance of warming and cooling foods at each meal.
Weight Loss Success. Check out more of our inspiring weight loss stories below
Are Your Desires Helping You Get What You Want?. So many people extol the power of intention these days, you'd think it's a foolproof way to fulfill your desires. Yet, the fact of the matter is most of us don't fulfill our intentions.
Brands 'R' Us. What is causing us to relate to ourself in the third person, to want to turn ourself into a product?  Are we afraid that if we don't continually tell the world who we are that we will be invisible?
An Apple a Day Melts the Pounds Away!. When you gradually add in nutrient-dense, fiber-rich foods, you simply stop feeling cravings. You run out of space in your belly for the old junk. Instead of craving, you feel full, fulfilled, and content.
Drop Dead Healthy. I will admit, I'm addicted to self-improvement. The thing is, there's so damn much about myself to improve.
Emergency Stress Relief. When you're stressed, it is so tempting to fantasize about being not stressed. You imagine feeling peaceful and relaxed later -- but fantasizing about being unstressed at some other time or place doesn't help you in this moment, right now, right here, in the midst of the stress.
Can Weight Lifting Maximize The Afterburn Effect?. By Jeremey DuVall Benching, squatting, curling and other weight lifting moves are known to get the muscles burning, but what
Why Friday the 13th Is a Very Lucky Day, Indeed!. Up until the patriarchal revolution, both Fridays and 13s were held in the very highest esteem. Both the day and the number were associated with the Great Goddesses, and therefore, regarded as the sacred essence of luck and good fortune.
Women Exercise Less Than Men -- And It's Making Them Sick. The good news? There's something we can all do about it. \The results indicate that regular physical activity participation
Fit Links. There are hundreds of wonderful sites on healthy living to be seen all over the blogosphere. Here at Fit Links, we'll introduce
First Impressions of Our Future Health. This week, I have seen a potential future of the nation's health -- and heard from and interacted with some of the players that are trying to impact and improve it.
Stalking Your Fear, Part Four. My last article explored how to manage your fear after a fright, like a car swerving.  This time, I'd like to teach you a new way to walk through another common dangerous situation. Learn to shift from being a victim to being a warrior!
Into the Din of Life Comes the Quiet Hush of Death. It's easy to forget -- when you're knee-deep in the process of living -- that Death is up ahead somewhere waiting to be dealt with, an inevitable passage we ponder and fear.
My Mission to End Weight Loss. This gym owner, public health advocate, and personal trainer wants people to stop losing weight immediately. Weight loss doesn't make us any healthier, and the prospects of any one dieter successfully losing weight are dismal at best.
The Right Place at the Right Time. A close friend of my mother's generation used to insist that a woman who reveals her age will reveal anything. Since I say that I am devoted to transparency, isn't this the right time and place for me to fess up to every one of my god-given gift of 85 years?
Harmony Hijacked My Chaos. I understand challenges and obstacles are lessons, and difficult people are gifts in that they teach me patience and boundaries. I know times of doubt ask for clarification before moving forward.
Grabbing Hold of Reality. To make a lasting change in the years ahead many of us will need to awaken from our passive slumber and grab hold of reality, reaching out to our world, recognizing our creative immersion, and engaging energetically with our lives.
Losing a Loved One and Confronting the Heartlessness of Health Care Cost Control. I want my loved one to get all the medication and medical attention that will carry him through his final days in comfort. I want to see him smile.
Nodding Disease. \u201cWe have a long list of things that are not causing nodding disease,\u201d Scott Dowell, director of the division of global disease
Anxiety Boosts Detection Of Bad Odors, Study Finds. Researchers repeatedly tested 14 mens\u2019 perception of odors, including bad ones. In some trials, the men were in an MRI scanner
FCPS To Explore Later Start Times For High Schools. After hearing nine members of the community speak on the issue, the Fairfax County School Board voted 10-2 on Thursday to
Is 'Almost Alcoholic' a Useful Concept?. There is a tradition in America of expanding a problem further down the spectrum, a name for which is \problem inflation.\  One way this is done is to link any signs that people have an incipient problem with the cases of people who suffer the worst forms of that problem.
4 Healthy Foods With Not-So-Healthy Ingredients Hiding in Them. Nutrition facts panels can be tedious to read -- which is why, unless you're a dedicated, detailed label-reader, you might be surprised to learn that sometimes there are not-so-healthy ingredients hiding in food you'd otherwise think is healthy.
Take the Vow 2012. Last year, for National Stress Awareness Month, I published a series of articles here about how contagious stress can be. With the support of the HuffPost editors, I asked readers to vow not to pass their stress on to others for one day.
Flexibility, Inside and Out. I would assert that despite the wide variety of yoga options and individual preferences, there is one universal element
5 Exercise Trends. I'm always keen to learn about new strategies for keeping we mere mortals healthy. To that end, here are five new trends in exercise.
Gluten For Dummies. Try all of these alternatives and see how gluten-free works for you. It might make you feel fuller, healthier, and refreshed. But don't let it rule your life.
You Are What You Eat. The theory that eating a plant-based, organic diet can make you a happier person is explored in a number of films that have affected the way I think about and consume food.
How Our Personalities Are Linked With Our Thoughts. A new study in the journal Emotion shows just how our personalities are linked with the sorts of thoughts we have, and the
Autism and Genes. How we -- as individuals and as a society -- respond to burgeoning genetic discoveries will be as important as these discoveries themselves.
Pain and Pain Medication Abuse. Clearly there is much to be done in terms of addressing both epidemics of under-treated pain and pain medication abuse and addiction.
Conscious Relationships Matter. Life is a trip we were not meant to travel alone, and I mean that literally. If we stop and consider our life's journey we shall see that we entered into a lifetime of relationships beginning the moment we arrived here.
How to Handle What's Out of Your Control. Do you try to control situations in your life? In this vlog, I offer practical tools and spiritual solutions for how to handle situations that are out of your control.
The Meaning Of Virtue And Virtuosity. It's within our power to become virtuoso humans. The process involves a step-by-step examination of the ways in which we relate to ourselves and the world around us
Never Spend Money on Things That Don't Add Value to Your Life. Ask yourself the next time you purchase something
A Stranger on the Subway and Musings on Autism. The fact that Emma was able to communicate to Joe that she'd had a rough day is a massive leap forward for her. Secondly, that she was able to then make it known that what she now wanted to do was see me was nothing short of amazing.
Mourning and the Lonely Land of Closure. It's time to reclaim community as a source of healing for our grief. It's so simple. We don't need \closure.\ We simply need each other.
Rowers Embark Upon Vancouver Island Adventure. Imagine sharing a 29-foot rowboat with three other athletes for three to four weeks. Round the clock, you're alternating two-hour rowing shifts with two hours of sleep in the small, cramped cabin. At all moments, your crew must be on the alert for storms, ships, logs, and killer whales.
Best Workout Music. You may have noticed we're excited about our new music feature, HuffPost Workouts. We tried to cover many bases with our
The Healing Power of Performing Arts. In order to promote good health and natural healing, you might want to take some time to go to performances with soothing and beautiful music and colors.
Bat On A Plane. Since the crew members were never actually able to catch the bat, health officials couldn't determine whether the bat carried
Money. Through my faith and trust in God, I know God is the source of my wealth.  \In God We Trust\ is printed on American primary monetary system.  When we have that trust in God, the infinite power of good, there is great peace, calm and a sense of blessing in our life.
Propecia, Proscar To Get Sexual Side Effects Warnings. Last year, the labels of both drugs were revised to include erectile dysfunction that continued after patients stopped using
Memory Problems After Cancer. \It's a very, very subtle thing. We're not talking about patients becoming delirious, demented, amnesic,\ Barbara Collins
Got Allergies? Natural Ways To Ease Skin Problems. Puffy eyes, a red, runny nose -- allergy symptoms aren't pretty. Seasonal allergies not only affect how you feel, but how
Zumba. Click through our slideshow below for tips on navigating your first class. Then tell us in the comments what you thought
Insect Bite Ointments Don't Work That Well, Study Says. The researchers reviewed the available evidence and found that there is little to show that over-the-counter treatments actually
HuffPost Workouts. Everyday I use music to motivate my clients to exercise and reach their goals. If the workouts are a little challenging for them, somehow the music can dull the pain and give them energy to finish their workout.
HuffPost Workouts. This playlist has lead people to sweat, work hard and ask me after class if I had a personal vendetta against them. I take that as a compliment.
Why I Practice Tai Chi. The reason tai chi is able to have an emphasis on wellness, despite its origins as a martial art, is because of its foundation, which is millennia-old Taoist arts called neigong.
Fad Diets Are Not a Shortcut. There is no doubt that eating healthy in college and keeping it up is difficult. If a student wants to lose weight in time for spring break in just a few weeks, then a healthy diet and exercise plan is best.
5 Reasons You Don't Like Spring and How to Readjust. However you're feeling about the change of season, you're likely guided by more than the flip of your paper calendar. Your emotional calendar greatly influences the changes in you as the seasons shift.
Weight Loss Success. In our first year and a half of marriage, I put back on five pounds. My husband bought me an iPod and I started running outside
Want to Change Your Life? Breathe Like a Baby. If you read enough books on health, mindfulness, and relaxation, you'll start to notice a pattern. Almost all of them will feature at least one exercise related to breathing.
Fear Is Like a Virus. People agree that some fears are more debilitating than others.  It's as if different fears carry different \fear weight.\
Why 'Brain Support' Should Be on Your 'To Do' List. Though my father is slipping now, he has done well for almost 20 years despite major health challenges because of targeted nutrition therapy aimed at his brain.
Is Your Yogurt the Best It Can Be?. When you think about it, true yogurt is just milk and bugs. And, really, that's all it should be... the proliferation of probiotic strains of bacteria that grew in a warm bath of milk. But today yogurt has turned into more of a dessert than the health food it was designed to be.
Diets Are Like Antacids. When nutrition, fitness, and self-care are approached with a non-diet, mindful eating paradigm, people are able to relearn to balance eating for enjoyment with eating for health, rediscover joy in physical activity, and meet their true needs in more fulfilling, satisfying ways.
Your Brain, Your Lover and Your Health. Relationships that are caring and loving have the most significant ability to affect our brains by affecting our mental health, our happiness, our wisdom and even our medical health and longevity.
A Litigator's Decision to Not Sue His Heart Surgeon. Some hospitals embrace the type of constructive conversation in which my surgeon and I engaged, but most do not. Perhaps experiences like mine present an opportunity for the medical community.
Oh, What a Difference She Made. If you want to be busy, keep trying to be perfect.  If you want to be happy, focus on making a difference.
A Required Dose of 'Culinary Intelligence'. Not only should doctors know about healthy recipes, and nutritionists should know how to cook, but most importantly the chefs who promote healthy food must know something about nutrition.
HuffPost Workouts. Music is a very powerful tool when it comes to taking an individual to a \different place.\ This playlist is a compilation of songs that trigger certain memories and also entice emotions that take me to a place that helps me cope with a grueling workout.
It Takes a Village. I did discover, through a lengthy process, a child of my grandmother's who'd been given up for adoption just before my grandparents
Low-Fat Diet And Exercise Trump Food Fads And Supplements For Weight Loss. A team of researchers from the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center and Harvard Medical School contacted more than 4,000
Introducing. We've collected playlists from top trainers, DJs, music industry executives, editors and athletes to bring you new music for your time in the gym, the park, or anywhere else you like to get physical.
Half the Man I Used to Be. When I saw photos from that evening, I had an epiphany. I had let myself go, and nothing could hide it. It was subtle at first, but the years seemed to get away from me, along with my increasing waistline.
HuffPost Workouts. I love using remixes in workouts for a couple reasons. First, they take songs that you already love and give them a makeover. Second, most remixes are designed for the dance floor.
Being Indispensable. What does it mean to be connected to your Soul, especially since you are never really disconnected from your Soul? There are five ways to stay connected to your Soul, regardless of what is happening in your world at work or in life.
HuffPost Workouts. We're big fans of interval training over at Greatist, so it's no surprise we're always looking for music to go along with those high-intensity routines. The trick to a good interval playlist? A mix of tempos to help you push through the rough spots and coast through the rest.
National Pet Day. Your furry friend can be taught to roll over, fetch, go in her litter box, chirp your favorite song -- but pets can also
HuffPost Workouts. When I enter the park in the early morning, somehow in my running shoes and slightly whimpering, I need a playlist that won't just pump me up -- I need it to wake me up.
Music And Health. Ah, the healing power of music. Whether it's the perfect song after a bad break-up, or something relaxing to listen to while
I Wanna Be Sedated. Last Friday, five months after receiving approval from the FDA, pharmacists finally began doling out the newest sleep aid to the groggy hordes.
HuffPost Workouts. I call this my \Girl Power\ playlist, not because it's full of feminist lyrics, female artists or Spice Girls songs, but because it gets me through the workouts that make me the proudest to be -- and run like -- a girl.
HuffPost Workouts. If I could do it my way, there would be about 15 different playlists for each specific workout, sport and intensity, but this one incorporates a bunch of different genres.
The Different Kinds of Bad Breath, Part 3. I'm convinced that many people simply think bad breath is \mouth only\ and can be cured with a quick brush or a breath mint. That's not the case -- there are many \types\ of bad breath.
HuffPost Workouts. Whenever I make a workout mix, I think of the classic bridal rhyme. There should be something old, something new...
HuffPost Workouts. These may not be your momma's lullabies, but they sure will ease you into a delicate slumber just like that sweet song and warm glass of milk did back in the day.
An Open Letter to Carnie Wilson. Dear Carnie
Relax Your Way to Weight Loss and Your Leanest, Sexiest You. Whether you want to lose weight, boost your immune system, alleviate pain or simply look and feel younger, relaxation is your prescription.
Exhausted? Here's My Script for Stress by America's Pharmacist. Many of you wear different hats. You have many \jobs\ ranging from wife, mom, executive, daughter, house cleaner and church volunteer. If you've begun to feel overwhelmed, irritable and tired you may have adrenal fatigue.
Why Does My Cat Mask That He's In Pain?. For more on pet health, click here. A cat who once groomed himself with a back leg flung straight up may simply stop grooming
Sleep-Disordered Breathing. Sleep-disordered breathing in children, no matter how mild it appears, should never be ignored. By addressing these issues before they become serious, we can help keep our kids sleeping well and growing well.
Weight Loss Tip. Do you savor in-season goodies? Have you ever picked your own? For more on diet and nutrition, click here. The reason for
Prostate Cancer Prevention Begins When Men Are Boys. The men of tomorrow must be made aware of prostate cancer, be armed with knowledge and be encouraged to adopt preventative lifestyle and dietary habits. The next generation must begin its fight to end prostate cancer -- now.
Eggs. If you purchase your eggs from a local farm or farmers' market, then you have direct access to the farmer to ask questions about the eggs they sell. If you're purchasing eggs from a grocery store, you may need a bit more help. Here's my guide to some of the common terms on egg cartons.
A Cure for Anxiety. We can't change the past.  But we certainly can -- in every moment -- change our perspective on and relationship with it.
If You're Not Here, Then Where Are You?. As challenging as it may be, the most painful experience can often turn out to be our best teacher, and we may feel enormous gratitude for what we have leaned.
Overcoming Procrastination. What is procrastination really about? It's about starting something. It's making a transition. And we don't like transitions. We don't like to wait to adjust. We want to be in a constant state of comfort.
7 Acupuncture Points to Help Allergy Sufferers This Spring. People with seasonal allergies should know that spring need not be an unavoidable period of suffering. Nor does it require dependence on Claritin or fear of leaving the house without Kleenex. Acupuncture offers tools for both preventing spring allergy symptoms and getting rid of them.
Are You Prepared To Die?. How will I be remembered by those who knew me? What will my legacy be? When asking yourself those questions, do you like the answers?
Sugar In Food. In February, McDonald's oatmeal was \outed\ for having more sugar than a Snickers bar, despite being marketed as a \healthier
Miley Cyrus. Celiac disease is diagnosed through a tissue biopsy, but non-celiac gluten sensitivity is both diagnosed through an elimination
The Moment I Knew I Was Depressed (SUBMIT YOUR VIDEO). Take a look at some of our readers' submissions below
Why Learning Leads To Happiness. By Philip Moeller for U.S. News Jacquelyn James is the director of research at the Sloan Center on Aging & Work and has been
15 Things You Should Give Up To Be Happy. Here is a list of 15 things which, if you give up on them, will make your life a lot easier and much, much happier. We hold
Everyday Love. A relationship is like a plant
Thoughts for College Dropouts. This quiet corner of the vivid and boisterous blogosphere is devoted to the passion and power of words. The ideas here, molded into one or two lines, are designed to delight, intrigue, annoy, question and soothe.
Dental X-Rays Linked To Common Brain Tumor, Study Finds. \My view is if an X-ray is necessary for medical treatment, then one should go ahead and get that X-ray,\ said Dr. Keith
The World's Youngest Zumba Instructor. With her hip-shaking moves, easy-to-follow cues and brightly colored wardrobe, Catalina Mejia has made a splash over the
Karma, Karma Everywhere. I don't obsess about karma, but it has completely changed my way of understanding our lives.  There's karma, karma everywhere and I'm beginning to see it as the compost of our learning, growth and spiritual upliftment.
Toxic Side Effects... And How to Get Rid of Them. In the last week, I have come to the realization that I am still having psychic side effects from breast cancer treatment
Inspiration as Currency, and Interview With Bret Blevins. The birth of independent media, and the democratization of the media through the digital revolution is a hopeful sign for the return of art for the purpose of enriching the community, personal expression and shaping the future of our culture in a healthy and inspired way.
New Study Confirms Electroshock (ECT) Causes Brain Damage. A new study shows ECT (electroconvulsive therapy) causes brain damage? That's not what you will find in the many promotional press releases published in the mainstream media.
Forgiveness That Forgets. Life happens. My question is
Weight Loss Success. For more on weight loss, click here. Check out more of our inspiring weight loss stories below
Choosing (Medicine) Wisely. Make your standard of care better than standard. Be a good boss -- ask good questions, get good answers.  By doing so, you can help ensure that you and your doctor are always diligent, and choosing wisely -- together.
The Healing Power of Storytelling. Storytelling is a two-way street. Illnesses unfold as stories, and physicians need to learn how to listen to those stories. The same is true of giving advice, for if good advice is given in the wrong way, the patient will not follow it.
Why Are We Getting Fatter?. I live in California
Stairway to Heaven. Is it possible there is some truth to the ascension of our own spirit by way of this support system we know as the \stairway\?  What would it take to purify the soul in order to begin progression of such journey while here on Earth?
The Good, the Bad and the Overbearing. I have always attracted bullies and overbearing people, maybe because I've never been afraid to do battle with them.  I ride buses in New York City on a daily basis, and it seems to be a setting that attracts overbearing people, perhaps because everyone is trapped with them.
The Case for Eating 'Mostly Plants,' in 260 Words. Eating some meat, preferably from lean, well-fed, well-exercised, and kindly tended animals is assuredly consistent with human health.  But the health of humans and the planet argue consistently for Michael Pollan's excellent and pithy advice
The Art of Growing Old. While we know that various types of creative endeavors and play are essential to the cognitive development of children, there is considerable debate among researchers as to whether these benefits are ongoing and extend to the elderly.
7 Steps to Crafting an Amazing Life. The 93-year-old yoga master Tao Porchon-Lynch is a living example of how to tap into our human potential. We each have the ability to craft an amazing life.
Good Fat, Bad Fat. For more on diet and nutrition, click here. More from Health.com
The Chocolate-and-Radish Experiment That Birthed The Modern Conception Of Willpower. In the psychology world, the key finding of this seemingly silly study was a breakthrough
Is Niceness In Our Genes?. Niceness may be predicted, in part, by our genes, a new study suggests. Researchers from the State University Of New York
Autism. There is a large and thriving community out there of both autists and parents of autists who are writing, blogging, commenting and reaching out to one another.  The only requirement to join this community is a desire for connection.
Staying Active Could Protect Elderly From Psychological Distress, Study Shows. Previously, ABC News reported on a study published in the journal Psychosomatic Medicine showing that exercise could help
Narcissists Do Better In Job Interviews, Study Finds. The study published in the Journal of Applied Social Psychology, included two parts. In the first part, 72 people were filmed
We Tend To Underestimate Our Weight, Study Finds. More than 33 percent of the males were overweight or obese but less than 17 percent characterized themselves as being in
Draft National Alzheimer's Plan Is Disappointing. We need a National Alzheimer's Plan that reflects the psychosocial/mental health needs of Americans with dementia and their families, and that creates opportunities for them to have a vastly improved quality of life.
Crunch Time for Weight Loss. One great hurdle is denying yourself the freedom to indulge in snacks whenever you want, especially those that taste great and are really bad for you. With protein, fiber, vitamins and minerals, almonds could be just the solution for keeping your appetite in check until mealtime.
Sleep May Protect Positive Memories, Study Finds. A new study sheds more light on the relationship between sleep and memory preservation, and shows that sleep may actually
Soul-Talk. The problem with the spiritual path is that there is no path to spirit because there is nowhere to go.  You're already there but may not have yet awakened to that fact.
Still Sour. The sugar status quo is increasingly bitter, rather than sweet.  But it's profitable for some folks, even if others have to pay, and thus change seems long in coming.  I suspect that eventually, however, good sense will win out here.
Dancing With The Stars. Each Monday night, millions of Americans hunker down on their couches to watch their favorite celebrities break a sweat on
Overtreatment in Cancer. ASCO's admonition to avoid ineffective treatment is unlikely to constrain the use of chemotherapy in advanced cancer significantly, because although it's good advice, it's difficult to put into practice.
10 Fun Fitness Facts With Samaire Armstrong. 2. She loves Japanese Iced Green Tea in a can. \It reminds me of growing up as a kid,\ Armstrong says. \It is also a fantastic
Trauma Release For Enhanced Health And Happiness. Energy psychology is both a clinical and a self-help modality that combines psychological and physical processes for bringing about therapeutic change.
Finding Joy When it Seems Out of Reach. When you have good reason to be stressed out, it's hard to make positive changes. However, it's important to ensure that positive life experiences balance out stressful and overwhelming times.
Get Addicted... To Forgiving Yourself. To open your heart and honestly express your mistakes, fears or doubts seems counterintuitive. And yet, when you do so, you touch and awaken other hearts to do the same.
Behind-the-Scenes At Oprah's Lifeclass With Tony Robbins And Deepak Chopra. Being at an Oprah show can at times feel like being at a Beatles concert -- when Oprah first comes out on stage the reception is exuberant and deafening, with everyone standing on their feet clapping wildly.
Health Lessons From The Easter Bunny. Here at Healthy Living, we believe everyone deserves to live an active, vibrant life -- even \magical\ ones. Last Christmas
Yoga Could Help Teens Ward Off Anxiety, Study Shows. At the beginning of the 10 week study, all the students took a number of psychological tests for things like mood problems
Easter Quotes. German writer Johann Wolfgang von Goethe wrote, \We must always change, renew, rejuvenate ourselves; otherwise we harden
The Power Of 'Magical Sleep Potion'. But like belief in Santa Claus and the Tooth Fairy, this magical sleep potion relies on the power of my son's imagination
Deep Vein Thrombosis. According to the National Health Lung and Blood Institute, DVT and PE affect 300,000 to 600,000 Americans every year. Sportscaster
My Interview With Susan Cain On The Power Of Introverts. Susan Cain's book Quiet
Kawasaki Disease. Recognizing symptoms of the disease has saved the lives of children who might have otherwise met another fate. If researchers
Tips On Building Commitment In A Relationship. In order for us to know how to commit, we need to understand what it means to be committed.  People's needs are changing, and we live in a society where our individuality is a big part of our growth process and who we are.
Should You Fire Your Specialist?. The way most doctors practice medicine right now isn't working. Not only does this hyper-focused approach to medicine dehumanize patients, it also ratchets up health care costs.
Your 12 Worst Allergy Mistakes. By Anne Harding But is your own cluelessness contributing to the problem? For more on allergies, click here. Allergies are
Soy Isoflavones Linked With Decreased Hot Flashes, Review Finds. But \u201cwhen you combine them all, we\u2019ve found the overall effect is still positive,\u201d study researcher Melissa Melby, a medical
Amyvid, Alzheimer's Brain Plaque Imaging Test, OKed By FDA. Since then, Eli Lilly said it has worked to identify better ways of training doctors to use the test. Avid has been in the
Being Indispensable. Accountability is not just keeping commitments. Accountability is taking action consistent with your desired outcome. It begins with defining the kind of results you want to achieve in your life at home and at work.
8 Natural Easter Egg Dyes. Filling your plate with a vibrant array of colors can help guarantee that your body gets the key vitamins and nutrients it
Dos And Don'ts For Dealing With Anger. Anger happens, it's just part of life. But if you have depression you can add anger to the list (along with sadness, fearfulness
Alone For The Holidays? How To Make The Most Of Solitude. Cagen says enjoying the holidays on your own is all about intention. \u201cSpending time alone during a holiday, if you\u2019re intentional
Is Gaming Changing Health Care and Helping You Live a Healthier Life? Part 4. Health care today is all about you. Health care happens before you visit with your doctor, nurse practitioner or other health care provider.
Weight Loss Success. How I Lost It
Reinventing Health Care. When patients see themselves as guests rather than sick people, their beliefs, attitudes and behaviors change and this tends to greatly advance their bodies own ability to heal itself, which, amazingly enough, is what really happens.
Are Environmental Chemicals Making Us Fat?. A small but growing number of researchers believe that environmental pollutants and industrial chemicals are to blame for the obesity epidemic.  This, of course, bucks the conventional wisdom that our increasing girth is simply the result of eating too much and exercising too little.
Natural Stress Relief. In case you haven't heard (you know, because of all the stress in your life) -- April is National Stress Awareness Month
Elite Soccer Players Score Higher On Cognitive Test. The phenomenon has not been studied in detail before with regard to professional athletes. But previous research showed expert
Addiction Is All in the Delivery. I was once addicted to a game -- Pac Man. Most evenings, and sometimes even during the day, I would repair to the mall to play that game in an arcade.
How Do We Fall Asleep?. Falling asleep is a routine yet mystifying process. Like trying to see the 3D image in a Magic Eye poster, the more you focus
Life on the Nothing White Diet. Sugar. Did you know that sugar is in everything?! It was even in the organic whole wheat bread we had been buying! It's in
National Walk To Work Day. Today is the eighth annual National Walk to Work Day. If you\u2019re reading this, you may already be at your desk. And, like
A Night Indisputably Different From All Other Nights. With Passover, and the one-year anniversary of my mother's death, approaching fast, I find myself in a particularly strange situation, wondering if I have a choice in how to move forward.
Obesity Linked With More Health Costs Than Smoking, Study Finds. The study was based on the health costs of 30,000 adult retirees and employees of the Mayo Clinic, all of whom had health
Does Food Addiction Require Abstinence?. Hi, I'm Irene and I'm a foodaholic.  By that, I mean that I have trouble controlling myself around certain foods.
Fit Links. There are lots of great ways to stay motivated during a workout. Depending on your exercise of choice, you can rock out to
Titanic. When the epic was released in 1997, everyone swooned over Jack and Rose, the movie's star-crossed lovers. After seeing it, I took away another message
A Simple Way to Trick Your Brain Toward Mindfulness. Just like signs on the road may help remind us to slow down or remind us of children crossing, we can put up signs with short verses in our day to day to remind us to be how we want to be.
How Grief Can Be An Impetus For Change. It took the loss of a close friend and young man of 23 for me to continue my pursuit of happiness. But it does not have to be this way for everyone.
The Five Principles for Manifesting Your Desires, Spirit Junkie Style. We are always manifesting. Each thought you have informs your energy, and your energy manifests into your experiences. Your thoughts and energy create your reality.
Healing the Past in the Present. Many of us don't recognize how we hold our future hostage to the pain of our past.  We don't understand that healing the past happens in the here and now.
Easter Candy. For more on diet and nutrition, click here. Chocolate bunnies, jelly beans, marshmallow Peeps -- Easter candy is festive
Arianna Huffington And Susan Cain On The Power Of Introverts (VIDEO). On the heels of her fascinating TED talk, Susan Cain, author of \Quiet
National Public Health Week 2012. This National Public Health Week is a great time to begin moving toward a more active lifestyle. Social responsibility with programs like the National Plan for Physical Activity and the Let's Move Campaign are critical to improving public health.
Medical Specialists Will Try to Reduce Excessive Diagnostic Testing. The new initiative by nine medical specialty groups to reduce unneeded diagnostic testing and treatment recognizes that many medical tests and procedures are not only wasteful, but also cause more harm than good.
Batman, Kings and Superheroes. We needn't mask ourselves in order to fulfill our dreams. Superheroes come in all sizes, costumes and colors. Why must we always take ourselves so seriously?
Learning About Binge Eating Disorder. We help women overcome binge eating by understanding how to feed themselves well, the reasons they use food for comfort, and how to make choices in the moment that will short-circuit the binge and emotional overeating cycle.
Kicking Junk Food in 3 Days. From its juices to sandwiches, Pure Fare items are portion-controlled, and contain no white sugar or flour. I decided to eat Pure Fare food only for a full week, and these were some of my observations.
All Is Fair in Love, Not Lottery. Something strange happens when a loved one dies and it's time to distribute the estate.  No matter how close people are, money has the ability to widen wedges and force family members apart.  Regardless of how those assets are distributed, someone will inevitably feel slighted.
Sleepless in the City. Real Age has just published its ranking of the best and worst cities for sleep in the U.S., part of its \2012 Oldest and Youngest Cities\ report.
Identifying Bedbugs 101. It's no secret that bedbugs are running rampant throughout colleges, homes, offices and hotels across the country. These pesky creatures have worked their way into the cracks and crevices of our beds, offices and cars, and spread like wildfire.
9 Things You Should Stop Doing Right Now. If you want to start living a happy and healthy life, here are nine things that you should stop doing right now
7 April Superfoods. Spring! It's here to stay! (Well, at least we think it is.) As are an ever-increasing number of healthy and delicious fruits
The Art of Creating Structure -- 5 Ways to Boost Your Fitness Motivation. Here are five ways to power up your fitness regimen, get back on track, and move closer to achieving your goal, using structure to help you.
Can Laughter Count As Exercise?. For real health benefits, stick to 30 minutes of cardiovascular exercise four to five times per week, as recommend by the
Depo-Provera, Injectable Birth Control, Linked With Doubled Breast Cancer Risk. HealthDay reported, though, that women should take the study findings with a grain of salt. The NYU Clinical Cancer Center's
Sensing Spring. As spring so fragrantly reminds us, we stand at the threshold of life. We are constantly transforming and therefore capable of wondrous things. To embrace this gift, all we need to do is show up, truly and fully.
Fear of Death. If you could be sure that when you die, your consciousness goes right on living -- that your soul essence cannot die -- would you still be afraid of death?
Will New DSM-5 Diagnosis End 'Dementia' Stigma?. \Dementia\ is a loaded word, one that carries with it the baggage of hundreds of years of gross associations and misunderstanding of the reality of the person living with the illness.
Victoria Secret's Doutzen Kroes and Vogue Italia's Franca Sozzani Get Personal About Body Image. When I read who was coming to Harvard's public forum, \Health Is Beauty
The New Autism Numbers. It's worth looking beyond the headlines to understand how the CDC arrived at the new autism prevalence numbers, and what those numbers do -- and don't -- mean.
Deconstructing Psychiatry's Ever-Expanding Bible. Descartes's metaphysics divided the finite world into two distinct basic substances
Personal Transformation. In all my many years of coaching people, I've never met anyone without a \monkey mind\ -- the little voice that runs a commentary on what's wrong with us and why we can't get what we want and need.
Fitness. Remember when dinner conversation between friends was once all about kids, fashion, and where you were traveling next? Today, the topic in vogue is fitness.
Walking Could Lower Fatigue In Cancer Patients, Study Shows. After being surgically treated for cancer, patients commonly feel fatigue -- a kind so severe that it interferes with daily
Astrology Now. Friday's SuperMoon full moon signals something is coming to fruition in our lives, quite possibly involving our relationships.
Control Your Cravings. Everyone has cravings, but it is how we handle our cravings that will affect our health and/or our weight loss success. It is possible to manage your cravings in a healthy way. Read on to find out what your must-have-now urges mean and how you can control them.
The False Epidemic of Childhood Bipolar Disorder. Childhood bipolar disorder used to be vanishingly rare, but has recently become far too common -- in just 15 years, rates have jumped an amazing 40-fold.
Is Carnie Wilson the New Poster Child for Why Invasive Weight Loss Surgeries Might Not Be the Answer?. I wish Ms. Wilson success and health on her journey toward permanent weight loss. But I also wish strong consideration of ways to lose weight other than gastric bypass or lap band surgeries (either separately or 12 years apart) to those facing the battle of the bulge.
Why the Spark Fades in a Relationship. Reigniting our relationships can be as simple as carrying out those small, caring acts that make our partners feel acknowledged and loved for who they are. Taking steps each day to counter these habitual patterns leads us down a path that is much more fulfilling, much braver, and much more real.
Astrology Now. Everything moves forward after April 4, and even more so after April 14. Between now and then retrograde planets are encouraging review, evaluation, and refinement. This is a terrific time to reassess your past decisions and actions.
When You Fall, Who's There to Catch You?. My whole roundabout point is that we are constantly changing and evolving, so why can't we evolve with new people? Someone
Mind Over Money. Money is not useful in and of itself. Having a thousand dollars under your nose doesn't make you happier. It's what it means, what it buys. And there are a lot of things money doesn't buy.
Sensory Overload, Awareness and Autism. My 10-year-old autistic daughter, Emma, woke up in the middle of the night crying.  Her screams of pain, the result of intense pressure in her ears, were like the sounds of an animal under attack.
Hepatitis C Treatment Results Promising In Study. \For a first step it's very encouraging,\ Brun said of the new data in non-responders. \If you're able to add the potent
BIND-014, Nanomedicine Cancer Treatment, Shrinks Human Tumors. Because the particle homes in on cancer cells specifically, the drug is delivered to the tumor site in much higher\u2014and thus
Real But Not True. When very strong emotions -- like fear, anger, or jealousy -- come up, it's very hard to resist giving up and giving into them.
Breakdown to Breakthrough. Our task, as humans, is to re-awaken our selves, and to do it consciously, so that we have access to the resources both within and without to support us in the journey to remain awake.  For left to our own devices, human beings tend to take the easy way out.
Salt In Food. Most adults shouldn't consume more than 2,300 mg of sodium a day. People who are 51 or older, African American or who have
The Titanic 100 Years On. The wonders of technology do not give us a pass on being present in this moment, and to use as much wisdom as we can muster to move forward in life by doing as little harm as possible.
Doctors Call For End To 5 Common Cancer Tests, Treatments. ASCO recommends against routine use of four other procedures
Ned's Choice. But I also will think about planning for old age. I will try not to pretend and deny that death is the final stop on this
Grieving Those Who Are Still Alive. If you cannot depend upon those you love most deeply \being there\ in your greatest time of need, on what may you rely?
Billion Calorie Challenge. If you can walk, you can lose weight and get your heart in better shape.   All you need is 30 minutes a day.
Mind Shift. I'm advocating a mind shift in how we live our lives, and believe that an alarmingly simple change in the way we structure our time can drastically improve our quality of life.
Doctor Office Wait Times. The states ranked the unhealthiest by America's Health Rankings all have higher than average wait times, the statement points
No Wow Ever Came About Because You Said 'No'. If you are one of the many single people out there that feel like they are on the outside looking in, simply say \yes\ to life!
Too Much Medical Care Can Be Unhealthy. Are we being harmed because we receive too much, instead of too little, medical care? For many Americans, the answer is increasingly \yes.\
Color Me Creative. Still tempted to give it a try? Look for colors similar to a pine tree, as the green used in the experiment was similar to
The Gulf Between What You Weigh and What You Want To Weigh. If you have a GPS system in your car you know that in order to get anywhere, you have to program in your final destination. Any fitness regime worth it's weight in dumbbells needs to do the same.
What Does Karma Yoga Mean?. Serving enables us to step beyond our own desires and to release any sense of separation. It takes us out of selfishness and neediness, and in the process we see our own self-centeredness in greater perspective.
Choosing the TEDMED 20 Great Challenges of Health Care. Next week, 1,200 innovators, entrepreneurs, industry and government stakeholders, artists, and health care practitioners will attend the annual TEDMED conference in Washington, D.C.
Blame Your Parents for Your Problems!. Blame your parents for the way you are; it is their fault and you shouldn't have to carry that burden of blame and shame. But then forgive them.
A Sisterhood of Inner Beauty. For me, having two young daughters has not only expanded my access to joy and deepened my sense of gratitude, but it has heightened my concern for the dangerously subversive messages they've already started to receive.
Over 50 and 'Almost Alcoholic'. According to the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism (NIAAA), drinking among seniors age 50 and older is on the rise. In fact, seniors make up the segment of the population for whom drinking has been increasing most.
The Athlete's Top 10 'Prime Directives'. A lot of things can cause an injury, and we have a lot of body parts that can be hurt. These are my top 10 prime directives for keeping your muscles strong and avoiding injury.
Are You Addicted to Struggle?. While working hard, overcoming challenges and adversity, and being passionately committed to important and complex things in our lives aren't inherently bad, resisting ease and being attached to struggle causes me and so many of us a great deal of stress, worry, and pain.
'The Drop 10 Diet'. The trick to the plan is to eat as many of the superfoods as you can at every meal and snack-each one is scientifically proven
Questions on Kidney Health. Unfortunately, it's only when kidneys aren't working properly that most people start to pay attention to these twins. I'm hoping to change that trend. Have you fallen prey to a kidney myth?
Luck vs. Empowerment. When it seems you have the \luck of the Irish,\ remember it's more than luck. You've taken your power back! Your head and heart are working together, in sync, and you're living an empowered life.
The Moment I Knew. With plenty of time to think during six days recovering in the hospital, Ganey says he realized he had been given a second
Sleep Apnea Affects More Than 40 Percent Of Truck Drivers, Australian Study Shows. Australian researchers found that 41 percent of truck drivers in Australia have obstructive sleep apnea, which is a sleep
6 Reasons Organics Can Feed the World. Even in the face of a rising global population, organic techniques provide a more secure, more stable, and more sustainable
Dengue Virus Makes Mosquitoes Better Spreaders. And the researchers say we humans may also do the bidding of these pathogens. When infected we sweat\u2014and the odor attracts
Pink Slime and Beyond. Pink slime happens to have been outed.  But what other things that you never knew you never knew were in your food are still finding their way into you, and your kids?
Healthiest Counties. Where's the healthiest place to live in your state? However, the researchers didn't find much of a difference between the
Mirabegron, Overactive Bladder Drug, Works But Liver And Heart Concerns Raised. WASHINGTON, April 3 (Reuters) - U.S. drugs reviewers said Astellas Pharma Inc's treatment for an overactive bladder worked
Does Your Doctor Practice Politics?. We should ask our doctors about the politics with a small \p\ that's embedded in their advice -- the moral and cultural leanings that weigh on clinical judgment.
Planting Seeds and Legacy. Why do we plant seeds, saplings and seedlings with hope in our hearts each spring? Why do we relish harvesting in autumn? We plant in order to harvest -- not just for the moment but to preserve and nurture the future.
Prettier Skin.. A Clearer Head.. And 8 Other Perks To A Good Night's Sleep. By this point, we all know the very serious health conditions associated with long-term sleep deprivation, including increased
How Paying Attention Internally Could Lead To Greater Well-Being. How can we train our interoceptive awareness? Yoga, breathing and meditation practices are designed to increase our interoceptive
How Stress Affects Our Health. \The immune system's ability to regulate inflammation predicts who will develop a cold, but more importantly it provides
PTSD, Depression Could Be Genetic, Study Finds. Researchers at UCLA have identified mutations within three genes that they say may make some people more likely to develop
Nikon Small World Competition Gives Germs Their Close-Up. It's hard to imagine the afflictions we face being described as \beautiful.\ But as entries to Nikon's Small World competition
When 'Strengthen Your Quads' Is Bad Advice for Beating Knee Pain. I was a journalist living in Hong Kong when I developed knee pain from riding my road bicycle too hard in the city's low mountains. I damaged the cartilage in the joints, and both knees constantly burned while I sat at a desk during 10-hour workdays. Over time, they got worse.
Weight Loss Success. For more on weight loss, click here. I've never been a huge eater, but I ate too much fast food just because it was quick
Should We Take a Daily Aspirin or Not?. For decades now, we've heard about taking aspirin daily as a way to prevent heart disease. Some of my patients have even taken it upon themselves to start taking a daily baby aspirin because they think that it is a healthy thing to do.
Sizes of Food Orders Are Affected by the Need for Status. An interesting recent study suggests that the size of a portion that someone orders can be influenced by their need to enhance their status.
Pilates For Beginners From Jennifer Kries. Welcome to 'You Tried It,' a series of video posts from top trainers, who will share clips from their popular workout DVDs
Vigilantes in Scrubs. We need specific legal protection for professionals who honor their patients' end-of-life decisions and follow best-practice standards for managing end-of-life agonies.
How Active Should We Be in Our Own Medical Care?. Be a thinking, active, participating person in your family's health care.  Do your homework.  Trust your gut instinct.  Ask questions, even if you feel uncomfortable doing so.
There Is Great Power to Be Found in Doing the Thing You Don't Want to Do. What \duty\ might you perform today that would make you, as Mark Twain says, agreeable with yourself?
The Map Is Not The Territory. If we recognize that our lifestyles and beliefs are continuously shifting beneath our feet, why does it remain elusive for us as a species to proactively envision and create a frame for peace, health, and well-being for our planet and its inhabitants?
What's Your Car Telling You?. We have profound influence and spread our energy (positive or negative) into everything we're around. We create our environment.
Aftershocks of the Earthquake That Is Anthony Robbins. BUT I had great epiphanies during the seminar and even more profound ones when I arrived home. My goodness, I did need to
Soul-Talk. The difference between Mega Millions and every day fool's bets is that someone actually does win the lottery.  Fools bet regularly and never win at all in the game of life.
Does Being Healthy Matter?. Healthy foods, beverages and lifestyle behaviors make you look so good and feel so good. They reward you with better health. And yes, that does matter -- more than anything else in life.
Formula for Transformation. You probably have told yourself a hundred times
5 Ways To Boost Your Pet's Happiness. By Liz Palika for Vetstreet Everyone needs appropriate opportunities to release stress, expend energy and give boredom the
Full Cup, Thirsty Spirit. I wish we could start a cultural movement to reclaim the power of the break.  For starters, it might help to recognize that by definition, a break is supposed to happen between things, just as a page break is inserted right within a book's content.
Sleepy on the Job? Tips for a Better Night's Sleep. There's no denying that sleep deprivation, and the health issues that result, are becoming more prevalent in our go-go, techno society. But a by the National Sleep Foundation (NSF) grabbed my attention as particular cause for concern.
Lent, Sacrifice and Fitness. I challenge you all to use this final phase of Lent to consider giving up one of your addictions, even if it's just for a few days. Four is the magic number for success with any new fitness regime. Day four is breakthrough day.
60 Minutes Gets It Right That Sugar Is Addictive and May Be Killing You. If you are skeptical by nature, you may have thought the segment last night claiming sugar was toxic was some kind of April Fool's joke.  Certainly, you thought the scientists appearing on the show were overreacting in saying that sugar might be addictive.  Let me tell you, they weren't.
Unlocking the Mysteries of Life's Turning Points -- Part 1. We experience many turning points in our lives, whenever we shift direction this way or that. All involve turning away from one path, and toward another.  And they shape the self that you experience and that define \you\ along the way.
ACM Awards 2012. Last night marked the annual, toe-tapping Academy of Country (ACM) Awards -- in between the rousing performances, top awards
Does Your Food Contain GMOs? Consumers Want Better Labeling. In the mean time, concerned consumers can continue to look for products which label themselves as \u201cGMO-free,\u201d and hope that
Your Bed, Shower and Car. Remember that you do have time, every day, to relax and cultivate peace.  Let your everyday activities prompt these calming practices, and your old patterns of stressful thinking will begin to change for the good.
Finding Challenging Work. How does an autistic person establish himself or herself in a satisfying career? That's the challenge we all face, and the degree to which we succeed varies quite widely.
Islamabad. The pollen count in Islamabad hovers above 30,000 particles per cubic meter during the peak season. And that is not considered a record high.
Vitamin B12 In 3-D. \Without this transfer of single carbon units involving B12, and its partner B9 (otherwise known as folic acid), heart disease
How to Rewire Your Brain to End Food Cravings. I'm a food addict. We all are. Our brains are biologically driven to seek and devour high-calorie, fatty foods. The difference is that I have learned how to control those primitive parts of my brain. Anyone can do this if they know how.
Your Complete Guide To A Healthy Back. Plus, many of us have gained weight and lost the time to exercise over the years, weakening our back muscles. Is it any wonder
Sleepy In America. For most of his adult life, he'd had trouble sleeping. He typically had to drag himself out of bed in the morning and felt
Taming Your Stress Response. If you've ever been threatened and felt that rush of strength and energy that made you more physically capable than you have been at other times, then you've experienced the body's stress response.
To Be or Not to Be. Anyone who has traveled the rocky roads of self-transformation can tell you that embarking on a journey of discovery is not for the faint at heart.  It requires a warrior's heart and a fierce determination to conquer the unknown.
Leap and the Net Shall Appear. There's simplicity about all this complexity that the human mind alone can neither unravel nor understand. The good news is that we don't have to.
Choosing Between Making Money and Doing What You Love. \If you're really passionate about what you do, but it's not going to make you a lot of money, should you still do it?\ What
Please Have a Seat, Your Smartphone Will Be Right With You. Doctors are nowhere close to being wiped out of hospitals by their robotic counterparts, but they could certainly use help in some areas, and swarms of little bots are more than eager to do their bidding.
Bringing Your Dog To Work Could Help To Lower Stress. For more health benefits of pets, click through this slideshow from HuffPost blogger Joan Liebmann-Smith, Ph.D
10 Overrated Health Foods. Like it or not, we tend to believe whatever we are exposed to in the media and in advertisements. In nutrition, this usually means that as a society we all follow the same diet fads, glorifying some foods over others in the quest for better health.
How to Engineer a Happier Life. Some people say that happiness is like a pendulum -- some days you are happy, some days not, and there's not much you can do to change that. Our view is different.
Stalking Your Fear, Part Three. Feeling fear doesn't make you weak or a victim. Fear is just the body's response to a life-threatening situation.  Moving and deep breathing can disperse the chemical reaction of fear.
Celebrity Fitness. By Charlotte Andersen for Shape.com Click through the slideshow below for the real dirt on how these stars eat, exercise
Wealth School. I observe people running healthy businesses and enjoying financial success, personal well-being and happiness, as if there were no disasters happening. What does it take be successful when the climate seems to go against it?
Eggs -- What Are You Really Getting for Your Dollar?. Eggs are, in a way, the perfect food.  They are full of antioxidants, protein, and nutrients vital to maintaining good health and well-being.
Junk Food Linked With Increased Depression Risk. A new study shows that junk food may have effects beyond expanding your waistline and upping your sodium levels -- it might
Cause Of Headaches. For some ideas of where to look, click through these foods that either trigger or tame headaches. Then tell us in the comments
Carbs Without Cause. By Elizabeth Goodman Artis for Shape.com White bread has pretty much become bad-for-you public enemy number one; who doesn't
Final Four Starts Tonight. What is it about watching athletes perform at the pinnacle of human fitness that makes us want to sprawl on a couch with
Am I Depressed?. I would like to explore the possibility that our scientific and capitalistic paradigm has an aversion to heightened emotions and doesn't allow sufficient bereavement time because grieving can hinder productivity, busyness and business.
Good News. Take a chance and try finding some good even in most situations by just switching the order of events you're retelling to a \bad news, good news\ mode. Maybe life won't seem quite as difficult when you frame things that way.
How Do You Do Food?. Develop a healthy relationship with your body. Take the act of eating out of the mind and back to the belly, and trust the wisdom of your body to know when, what and how much to eat.
Sleepless on Wall Street. Wall Street jobs are coveted and highly competitive; they're also notoriously demanding. It's not a stretch to imagine the long hours, intense pressure and grueling pace of Wall Street work could take its toll on sleep and overall health.
Weight Loss Success. Name
The Essential Ingredient You May Be Missing for Happiness. Incorporating just a bit more play in your life, or even changing the way your relate to playful activities that you're already doing, can have great benefits in your life. Choose to sprinkle some of this in today.
Obesity. I find that amongst those who do not believe obesity is a serious health problem, there are a few common misunderstandings and errors in logic.
Dying and Living All Over Again. Untimely death happens so that the humans left behind might take another, fresher look at their lives, experience renewed appreciation for the gift they can still claim, and become a bit more thankful, a bit more humble.
6 Foods You Should Never Feed Your Pet. Originally published on Vetstreet You might think that giving your four-legged friend all the leftovers that his heart desires
A Kegel Here, a Kegel There, We All Should Be Kegeling Everywhere!. The Kegel is an extremely important exercise that should be done daily.  To perform a Kegel, you repeatedly contract and relax the muscles that make up the pelvic floor.
Calvary Comes With Kidney Transplant to Rescue Detroit Writer, Critic. For far too many patients fighting the valiant fight against chronic kidney disease (CKD), tragically, the call never comes.
5 Ways To Become Your Authentic Self Today. Authenticity is my favorite word. There aren't enough adjectives in the English Dictionary to describe how fabulous I think
What Is Autism?. Different forms of therapy -- behavioral, communication and educational -- can help children with autism to function better
Cigarette Ingredients Must Be Disclosed, FDA Says. By Anna Yukhananov The announcement comes only a month after the government suffered a blow in court in trying to enforce
6 of the Healthiest Fish... And 6 Fish to Avoid. Here are six fish that are healthy for you and the planet -- that Seafood Watch says you should be eating -- plus six to avoid.
Fit Links. In April, a popular program currently available in 15 cities will debut in New York City's parks -- hiking yoga! Well + Good
Why The Whole Diet (And Not Just Diet Soda Intake) Matters For Good Health. However, Duffey did note that the people who drank the diet drinks -- even when they had the \prudent\ diet -- had a higher
Occupational Hazard. When it comes to work-related eating, there are typically three types of eating personalities. I've broken them down for you and provided ways to overcome them.
Sleep Apnea Increases Depression Risk, Study Finds. Sleep apnea and related problems occur when the airway becomes blocked during sleep, restricting breathing. The disorder
Death, Taxes and To-Do Lists. I've found a way to tame the \to-do list\ beast. It came to me a few years ago, when I was trying to establish a better balance between work and whatever else.
3 Steps To Dreaming With Impeccable Precision. There's an infinite amount of possibilities for your life. I once saw myself as a wildlife ranger in Africa. My mind saw
Mega Millions Winner. Dear Future Lottery Winner
Interviews on Merging Spirituality and Entertainment From The Gate 2 Event. It was such a gift to see and hear some of the most brilliant minds on the planet all under one roof.  There are no words for the magic that happens energetically when so many high-conscious beings come together with the intention for good.
Are These Common Foods Causing Your Allergies?. According to the American Academy of Asthma, Allergy and Immunology, approximately 40 million Americans suffer from allergies, with four million workdays lost annually due to hay fever alone.
My Brain Not on Drugs. What I have discovered over 24 years is that you don't need substances to alter the mind. As an addict, you can get addicted to pretty much anything.
Mind and Meditation. A regular meditation practice can transform the quality of your life by culturing the nervous system to maintain peace, energy and expanded awareness throughout the day. You become capable of accommodating different challenges in life without any conditions.
For 'Save Your Vision Month,' a Guide to Eye Emergencies. It's Save Your Vision Month, and to \celebrate\ I have been speaking with Leila Rafla-Demetrious, M.D, a board-certified ophthalmologist on staff at the New York Presbyterian Hospital/Weill Cornell Medical School, to get a clear description of common eye emergencies.
The Way Ahead. Part of our mythological clash is about how we choose to exercise human consciousness. There are myriad ways in which modern societies limit consciousness and keep humanity distracted from their inner lives.
Do You Have Needs or NEEDS!. Just as your basic physical needs (e.g., food, water, shelter) must be met to ensure your physical survival and growth, another set of needs must also be satisfied to guarantee your psychological and emotional survival and growth.
Can You Be Allergic to Running?. By Laura Schwecherl \Want to go running?\ \Sorry, I'm allergic.\ It may sound like the perfect excuse, but can skipping the
Practice What You Teach. The goal of this vlog is to remind you to always practice what you teach. If you're teaching gratitude, be grateful. If you're teaching compassion, be compassionate. If you're teaching forgiveness, practice the \f\ word. Walk your talk!
Happiness Lost. If we fail to offer the skills of self-awareness, self-mastery, and resilience to this generation, we are leaving them disadvantaged and ill-equipped, with some in a precarious position as they try to find their way in this increasingly high-stress world.
More Trainers Called On For Nutrition Advice. \Although trainers may not be registered dietitians or have formal training or education in nutrition, they are in the trenches
Not a Little Girl, But I Know My Way. What did you want to do as a kid? Was it kooky or was it wonderfully weird? Did you accomplish your goal?
You're Looking At Me Like I Live Here And I Don't. In the fall of 2008, I wrote a screenplay I intended to film entirely in an Alzheimer's unit. After many weeks of rehearsals, I arrived at a troubling realization
What Program Is on Your Inner TV?. Is your inner TV on? If so, what program is on? Who has the remote -- your wounded self or your loving adult? You might want to start to notice this. The rewards of switching off your inner TV are really great!
Internet Addiction. Today, a growing number of experts consider Internet addiction to be a serious and growing scourge. One of these individuals
Disturbed Sleep From Sleep Apnea Linked With Decreased Memory Consolidation, Study Finds. Researchers from Brigham and Women's Hospital, Harvard Medical School and the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston
Mindfulness as a Path to Personal Sustainability. Everything you do actively creates your experience, in the past, now and in the future. Practicing mindfulness in your everyday living and adopting a mindset of sustainability allows you to live in harmony with yourself and the world around you.
Broga? Yoga For Men Gets Its Own Name. \u201cThis is not a dumbed down version of yoga. There\u2019s a lot of movement linking the postures, but adding push-ups and variations
911 Dispatchers At Risk For PTSD, Study Finds. \I was blown away by how upsetting some of (the incidents) would be for most people,\ Lilly told ABC News, saying that some
The Secret Ingredient of the Juice Cleanse. It's juice cleanse day for my daughter, Julie, and me. We decided weeks ago, after too many days of too much garbage, that we'd try a cleanse.
Bisphenol A And Other Endocrine Disruptors Found In Common Household Products. But the research behind endocrine disruptors is still far from conclusive; industry groups continue to raise issues with
Putting All Our Eggs in the Digital Basket. Is our increasing reliance on technology and efficiency crowding out our capacity for resilience in health service delivery?
Hunger Hurts. I'm still not truly able to understand the listlessness of malnutrition, the sharp agony of thirst, and the fear of dying from these conditions. But I do better understand the physical feelings of real hunger. And here's why.
Farming 101. Farming, I'm learning, is one part obstacle course, one part adventurous labor camp, and two parts planning, guesswork, and abrupt problem-solving.
Autism Prevalence. Reuters reported that the current autism rate is double that of 2002. The Associated Press reported that autism can be detected
Adrienne Rich, Influential Writer And Poet, Dies Of Complications From Rheumatoid Arthritis. While there have been no reports of Rich's specific complications, common complications from rheumatoid arthritis include
Greek Wisdom For A Healthier State Of Mind. Agapi Stassinopoulos and her sister, Ariana Huffington, were raised by an extraordinary woman who encouraged them to live
Do We All Have Behavioral Addictions?. The relentless march to medicalize normality out of existence is opening a new and especially ridiculous front.  The DSM-5 suggests providing a new section for \behavioral addictions.\
Weight Loss Success. Strategy #5
Is Gaming Changing Health Care and Helping You Live a Healthier Life? Part 3. Do you think gaming is changing the landscape in health care?  Do you think it can help you live a healthier life?
What Health Care is Like. Health care is nothing like cell phones, or any of the other things that \might\ come in handy during some future emergency
Blood Sugar Solution Challenge, Day 30. I'd like to thank you for joining me on this challenge. My hope is that you have lost weight, your blood sugar balance has improved, and you are now feeling great!
Why Meditate?. Meditation can change your life and your very sense of who you are. There is a reason it has been around for thousands of years and practiced by people from all walks of life and on all parts of the globe.
Weight Loss Success. For more on weight loss, click here. I always knew I had to do something about the weight gain and I tried numerous diets
4 Ways to Awaken Your Creativity. The key is opening the door to creativity by inviting in curiosity and doing things that awaken the energy of excitement to keep things open and flowing.
Yoga and Breathing Helps Juveniles Reflect on Their Actions. At Crossroads, the metallic locked juvenile detention center in Brownsville, Brooklyn,  Bart van Melik, 34, a slim Dutchman with a receding hairline, prepares for his weekly yoga class.
Living Transformation. Compassion in action or selfless service doesn't require heroics. You don't have to save someone from a burning building or snatch them out of the way of a speeding truck in order to serve.
Air Traffic Controllers Asleep on the Job... Still. Shift workers of all types face challenges to getting enough sleep while managing long hours, overnight shifts, and changing schedules that fluctuate between day and night.
The Different Kinds of Bad Breath, Part 1. In most cases, bad breath from the lungs has one of two causes
This Song Could Save Your Life!. To help people overcome their fear, I wrote a colonoscopy song. My idea is that if people can sing about something, they can talk about it. And if they can talk about it, they can do something about it.
Drop Tart Tone. People are more sensitive to tone than to the explicit content of spoken or written language. To paraphrase the poet Maya Angelou, people will forget what you said, but they'll remember how you made them feel.
Is Alcoholics Anonymous Negativity-Based?. Alcoholics Anonymous pushes members into believing that any deviance from the program is a slippery slope and a relapse is a slow death. Negative? You betcha.
Supreme Court Justices Will Determine the Fate of AIDS in America. Providing access to health care for low-income Americans is absolutely essential if we are to bring an end to the HIV/AIDS epidemic.
Surviving Technical Support. Over the past week, I have spent more than 15 hours on the phone with technical support for Apple, Time Warner Cable and Microsoft.  I've spoken to about 30 different people in the U.S., India and the Philippines, and I have lost my mind on several occasions.
10 Ways Giving In To That Chocolate Craving Can Benefit Your Health. Before you reach for that Snickers, remember this
Comparing Psychiatric and General Medical Medications. When it comes to benefits, psychiatric medications hold their own when compared with general medical medications in the treatment of a great number of diseases that affect so many people.
Our Permanent Winter of Blame. We tend to view blame as a necessary behavior, a way to seek justice, a synonym for accountability or responsibility. But it's none of these.
Raisins And 7 Other Foods That Could Naturally Lower Your Blood Pressure. Researchers from the Louisville Metabolic and Atherosclerosis Research Center found that snacking on raisins three times
JetBlue Pilot Clayton Osbon Had An In-Air Panic Attack. And just earlier this month, an American Airlines flight attendant on a flight from Dallas-Fort Worth to Chicago freaked
If Your Spouse Snores, Will You Gain Weight?. Although snoring spouses have not made it onto the list of common causes of weight gain, sleeplessness, whether caused by a noisy bed partner, 3 a.m. anxiety, jet lag or shift work, may have a disastrous effect on eating.
How Well Do You Know the One You Love?  A Practice to Spice Things Up!. Expanding love gets down to appreciating that love must be current, electric, pulsating, fresh, flowing, spontaneous. Hard to have it this way when you believe you \know all\ about that person who is \numero uno\ in your heart.
Why People Fail and How to Stop It. You can't succeed without failing.  So don't waste mental energy being ashamed of your failures -- learn from them.
Supplemental Life. What would our ancestors say to all of the items placed on store shelves, or our home cabinets filled with pill bottles and jars of green powder?
Taking Timeouts to Decrease Stress and Increase Creativity. The human engine, like any other, runs on energy. The more you have at your disposal, the healthier you'll be and the better you'll feel and perform. But you can't continually run an engine in the red zone, at max output, or it will burn out.
How Hot Is Your Anger?. Anger can be an effective expression of passion for justice and fairness, for basic rightness, for what is appropriate and humane. But anger can also be like a single match that can burn an entire forest, causing tremendous damage and hurt, wars, greed and self-deception.
'Xanax' Nation? My Anti-Anxiety Meds Give Me Enough to Worry About. Journalists love declaring that psychiatric medications symbolize some slice of the zeitgeist.  So I can't say I was entirely surprised when I opened my mailbox the other day and saw New York Magazine's latest cover article proclaiming that this is the era of Xanax.
Why Celebrate?. Your life is sustained by a truly remarkable human spirit that has evolved to see you through the darkest days. This spirit is light. Its other name is love.
How the Fattest Kid in School Became the Weight Loss Guru. \How on earth can you help me?\ overweight clients would ask me when I first opened my practice. They didn't know that I had spent 25 years hopelessly out of control with my weight, morbidly obese, over 300 pounds, a chronic miserable failure at diets and exercise attempts.
What Can We Learn From Whitney Houston's Autopsy Results About Our Own Addictions?. Along with the impact Ms. Houston had on my life (by contributing to my life's soundtrack on so many occasions), there's also the fact that I can relate to life-threatening addictions and the \hold\ that something dangerous can have over one's self.
Super Healthy Dinner Recipes. By Sarah Copeland Does mealtime often get taken over by the nutrition villains (tons of calories, loads of saturated fat
Your Cat May Need Protection From Heartworm. It's difficult to offer any definitive advice that holds true for all cats in all parts of the country. In the Gulf region
Feng Shui My Soul. Embracing a new philosophy for living that honors how we renew our inner selves will not only help us \spring clean\ our souls this season and beyond, it will also give us renewed insight.
Our Body's Balancing Signals for Hair Loss and More. As a clinician who sees the basic science findings translate into clinical care, it is always exciting to learn more about cellular functioning on a molecular level, because it helps me explain information to my patients about how our body is full of checks and balances.
What 'Fat Talk' Does To Your Mental Health. Some people may think self-deprecating humor is amusing, but according to new research, all of those \I'm so fat,\ and \I
Bobby Brown's Arrest For DUI. However, Hollywood.com reported this isn't the first time Brown has been arrested for DUI -- his first DUI arrest was in
Evolutionary Reason For Runner's High?. By Christopher Intagliata (Click here for the original article and podcast) You've probably had the feeling. Your running
Early Dose Of Glucose, Insulin And Potassium Thwarts Cardiac Arrest. Researchers trained paramedics to administer the treatment after determining with an electrocardiograph-based instrument
Why the New Surgical Cure for Diabetes Will Fail!. Recommending gastric bypass as a national solution for our diabetes epidemic is bad medicine and bad economics.
Will Cheney's New Heart Make Him Nicer?. Will Dick Cheney's new heart make him a gentler, mellower guy? Some medical experts think it's possible. The 71-year-old
Richard Lee Norris, Injured In Gun Accident, Gets Face Transplant. It was the 23rd face transplant since doctors began doing the procedure seven years ago. Rodriguez says this one is the most
Blood Sugar Solution Challenge, Day 29. Mostly we should stay away from white food -- white flour, white sugar, white rice, starchy whitepotatoes. These raise our blood sugar quickly and guarantee progressive weight gain. But there are a few wonderful white foods full of nutrients, protein, anti-inflammatory and detoxifying compounds.
Women. Lifting weights, also known as strength training or resistance training, is not just about building big muscles. However, as a coach for women trying to lose weight and improve their general health, I run into this misconception all the time.
Weight Loss Success. Name
Bad Doggie Breath? Chew on This. Just like humans, bad doggie breath can be the sign of something more serious.
Arnold Palmer's High Blood Pressure. Blood pressure is a matter of how much blood the heart is pumping, in association with how narrow the arteries are, according
Blood Sugar Solution Challenge, Day 28. Beans are one of nature's wonder foods. But why are beans so healthful and how do they help you lose weight?
3 Steps to Moving Beyond the Recession. With these three steps, we can heal the grief that binds us, and move forward in wise and insightful ways that we could not have before our challenges.
How I Found a Natural Sinus Cure. March is usually a time when we feel that we are in the clear from the winter sniffles. However, a wave of recent antibiotic-resistant infections has many of us wondering if relief will ever come.
5 Pilates Myths. Although I'm a fan of anything that helps you live an active, healthy lifestyle, there are plenty of myths and misconceptions floating around about Pilates.
Why Keeping A Secret Feels So Physically Burdensome. The researchers found that the people who were more weighed down by their acts of infidelity were more likely to say that
Autism 'Awareness'. I am profoundly grateful to each and every one of the autists who are speaking out and expressing their opinions on their blogs and through other forms of media. If we want autism awareness, these are the voices that need to be heard. It is up to us to listen.
Transcendental Meditation. The season premiere of Mad Men wasn\u2019t the only newsworthy television last night. Oprah Winfrey\u2019s \u201cNext Chapter\u201d also aired
Rock, Paper, Scissors. You need to see inanimate objects discussing the meaning of life. This series of videos features inanimate objects discussing the meaning of life. Talk about a win-win.
Releasing the Past. Walk towards that which you wish to avoid, until you can heal the pain that caused you to step back. See what happens if you say yes instead of no to the people and situations you have learned to avoid.
Chronic Headaches Common In Soldiers After Concussion, Survey Shows. The finding that more soldiers with chronic daily headache also had PTSD symptoms supports the idea that the headaches could
The One Person (You'd Never Expect) Who's Causing Your Pain. Something that we often forget is that we all play a role in the creation of the pain we experience, even if someone else is involved.
Heart CT Scans In ERs Could Save Hospitals Billions, Study Shows. The scan works with an intravenous iodinated contrast dye to produce an image of the coronary arteries. Such dyes can cause
HCG Drops Aren't Effective For Weight Loss, Experts Say. Outside experts agree. Dr. David Katz, a HuffPost blogger and director of the Yale-Griffin Prevention Research Center, told
Chocolate Eating Linked To Lower BMI. \Chocolate can be rich in antioxidants, which can protect against oxidative stress,\ said Golomb. \That has the ability to
6 Major Health Problems You Could Create By Shorting Yourself Sleep. You deal with the fallout of not getting enough sleep by feeling a little groggy every morning. But what you may not realize
Oprah's Next Chapter. In Oprah's recent edition of her new show, she shares her personal experiences with meditation and explores \TM Town\ -- Fairfield, Iowa, home of Maharishi University of Management and an unlikely mecca of entrepreneurs, sustainability, creativity and, most of all, meditation.
Consciousness, Not Just Another Buzzword. We are, without doubt, at a tipping point in our human evolution.  The underlying theme seems to be \change,\ as in self-transformation, or get sucked in by the \quantum vacuum\ of our dysfunctional system.
Almost Alcoholic. No one sets out intending to become an \almost alcoholic.\ Similarly, people do not become almost alcoholics for the same reason. There are many pathways into the almost alcoholic zone, and for that reason there needs to be many solutions.
Young Cancer Survivors Rarely Take Steps To Prevent Infertility. This, according to the researchers, represents an increase in the prevalence of counseling in the U.S. -- an increase that
Shrink Your Fat!. Keeping your body healthy and well nourished with healthy food choices will keep your metabolism working most efficiently. Combine this with a calorie deficit and watch your fat cells shrink.  It all works together!
The Anatomy of a Healthy Sandwich. There is still room for the almighty sandwich in your life (and your stomach). You just have to be smart about it.
Vintage Weight Loss Ads. Would Don Draper approve these messages? With Mad Men's season five premiere bringing everyone's favorite vintage show back
On the To-Do List. In the rush of our daily routines, it's so easy to miss moments of transcendence. In art, they are masterfully presented, with language and emphasis that set them apart like jewels. In ordinary life, they rush by. I try to remind myself to look for them every day.
How To Not Let Your Smartphone Take Over Your Attention And Life. With my new smartphone can check the news or any website at any time of the day, read books, play fun games like Where's
3 Strategies To Calm Your Life Down. Yes, throughout the course of most of our lives, we experience anxiety, stress, confusion, grief, and maybe even depression
The Power Of Beginnings. While I'm not advocating that you approach your mat and/or class every day with specific goals in mind, I do think that having
Flu-Fighting Ability Could Lie In Person's Genes. \Ultimately as we learn more about the genetics of susceptibility to viruses, then people can take informed precautions, such
Blood Sugar Solution Challenge, Day 27. Chocolate is a weight loss food.
'Worthless' Foods That Are Actually Good for You. Think that sprig of parsley on the side of your plate is just sitting there looking pretty or that mushrooms aren't particularly nutritious? Find out why these and four other \worthless\ foods are better for you than you think.
Pet Loss. By Vetstreet Grief is a natural reaction to the loss of a cat or dog. It's hard to know how to cope with losing a four-legged
Going To Church Linked With Better Mood, Study Finds. The difference in positive emotions remained true even after researchers adjusted for factors like income, age and education
6 Ways To Better Sleep. Struggling to sleep? The days are getting longer, but for some, so are the nights. Dr. Joseph Ojile from the Clayton Sleep
Why We Love To Be Haters (And What To Do About It). The next time you feel the instinct to make a particularly harsh remark about another's work, pause and ask yourself where that response is coming from. Instead of lashing out, turn inward.
'We Can Do Better'. Yes, obesity is a tenacious problem, but surgery is only a Band-Aid solution, albeit one that is growing in popularity.
10 Ways To Beat Cat Allergies. With a little preparation, you should be able to go anywhere without ending up with itchy, red eyes, a tickly throat, sneezing
Anais Fournier, 14-Year-Old Girl, Dies After Drinking 2 Energy Drinks. For more on Anais Fournier, watch the TODAY show clip above. Caffeine is a stimulant, and is found in a multitude of food
Self-Dissolving Tinnitus Treatment Gives New Hope For Hearing Condition. Loud, concussive explosions on the battlefield may last only a few seconds, but many soldiers returning from combat in the
Teachers Are Students, Too. In this video I interview incredible Spirit Junkies like, Louise Hay, Cheryl Richardson, Danielle Laporte, Kris Carr, Mastin Kipp and more! We share with you what we learned from each other at Ignite!
Spring Training for Non-Athletes. We often associate the term \spring training\ with baseball, but there are more than a few women who look at spring training in a slightly different way.
Viewing Heart Damage Can Make People Serious About Statins, Study Shows. \Beyond the diagnostic and predictive value of cardiac computed tomography, it is also quite beneficial in terms of motivating
World Tuberculosis Day 2012. In order to ensure that new tools are developed and today's treatments are provided, governments must prioritize tuberculosis as a public health priority and close the projected gaps in domestic and international funding.
Spring Cleaning. The germs lurking in these sneaky places at home, at the gym and in the office can truly threaten your health. Luckily, one
6 Surprising Sleep Stealers. If mornings find you feeling like you just drifted off a few hours before, or if you droop with weariness no matter how much
Math Anxiety Linked With Differences In Brain Functioning, Study Finds. According to a Washington Post article last year, math anxiety is not just having a disdain for math -- it's actually feeling
Be Willing To Dream. Begin noticing and be careful about keeping your imagination free of thoughts that you do not wish to materialize. Instead, initiate a practice of filling your creative thoughts to overflow with ideas and wishes that you fully intend to manifest.
Measles. If measles does make a meaningful comeback, it would imply public health is sliding back as we head into the future.  We don't want to go there.
Homeopathy Vindicated as Cost-Effective by Swiss Government. In this day and age of economically-challenging times for both individuals and governments, this report from the Swiss government has confirmed the efficacy and cost-effectiveness of homeopathic treatment.
Weight Loss Success. After Weight
Getting More From Every Day. Our creativity as humans is inspiring. When we creatively solve problems or express ourselves in creative ways we spark new life, and ignite ideas in others as well.
Growing Together in Love. Often we take for granted the time we spend with our families, our partners, our friends. Lost in the monotony of routine, we miss out on opportunities to love, to share, to celebrate life together.
Spring Cleaning Your Mind and Body. On Feb. 2, 2012, our dear friend Punxsutawney Phil declared that we would have six more weeks of winter. Well, time's up!
A Model Farmer. I once heard that humans seek out natural environments because nature is not in resistance to itself. Having finally accepted the truth that my father is gone, I am surrendering my resistance as well.
Tasty, New and Natural. The Natural Products Expo West, held earlier this month in Anaheim, Calif., is always an interesting show -- and there are some tasty finds at this mecca for foodies.
Blood Sugar Solution Challenge, Day 25. Tea is the most widely consumed beverage in the world. And it may have something to do with the\nhealth and slim figures of the Japanese and Chinese populations.
Benzos and Other Sleep Medications. In my experience as a psychiatrist, nearly everything we call a psychiatric symptom or problem, including insomnia, is in reality a signal that we have to face a new challenge in life.
Spring cleaning 101. I love cleaning. Weird, I know. I especially love a fresh, clean, organized, and clutter-free home. Please note, I have that
Why You Should Be Concerned About Your Beliefs. You can make massive positive changes in your life -- such as taking actions you were afraid to take and ridding yourself of such negative feelings as anxiety and anger -- by eliminating your limiting beliefs.
Why Do We Get Goosebumps?. Goosebumps occur on our skin in a reaction to cold, fear, shock and sometime due to sense of nostalgia or something awe-inspiring
Think The Grass Is Greener Over There? How Multitasking Wilts Your Results And Relationships. One of the most powerful ways to engage your body and brain is so simple
Autism Brain Growth May Be Explained By Defective Genes. \Each individual autistic person likely has their own specific profile of dysregulated [sic] genes,\ Courchesne says, \which
Spring Produce. While amazing, bright flavors (and colors) are an obvious reason to embrace the spring season, eating fresh spring produce
War Atrocities in Afghanistan. Institutional military medicine is deserving of at least some liability for the steady drum beat of war stress injuries and misconduct stress behaviors.
National Day Of Unplugging 2012. The National Day Of Unplugging allows us to connect with one another in a different way -- off-screen
Do You Suffer From Impostor Syndrome?. Have you ever had the feeling that you didn't really know what you were doing, and it was just a matter of time before someone realized it and exposed you as a fraud?
What's Ailing 13 Million American Vaginas?. Although the medical community is directing more attention and research funding to understanding and spotting the chronic condition, a knowledge gap still clearly exists.
Health Coaching. \Health coaching\ is a shift in approach from more prescriptive nursing and towards supporting patients in identifying and achieving their own goals.
I Join Weight Watchers, Again. My first Weight Watchers leader, back in the late 1980s (I was the only high school student there) was named Candy. She had \before\ and \after\ pictures.
Follow Up Study to the Red Meat/Cancer Study. There's a new study out telling us once again not to eat red meat. The study followed about 38,000 middle-aged men for an average of 22 years and 84,000 women for 28 years and concluded that red meat contributes to cancer.
REM Sleep Behavior Disorder Linked With Parkinson's, Mild Cognitive Impairment. \This study is the first to quantify the risk associated with probable RBD in average people, not clinical patients, and
Life Lessons From NBA Coach George Karl. What impressed me then continues to impress me now
Genetics as Rohrshachs. For many relatively rare diseases, fairly predictive tests exist. But for most common ailments -- from diabetes to depression
8 Simple Ways You Can Avoid Chemicals in Cans. Disease doesn't know party lines, and if our babies are being born pre-polluted with BPA while other countries opt out, it doesn't matter what side of the aisle you are on. Together, we can create the changes we want to see in our food system.
Famous Faces And Families Who Have Been Touched By Ovarian Cancer. Ovarian cancer is most common in women over age 55, according to the National Cancer Institute, and women who have never
Blood Sugar Solution Challenge, Day 24. There is a reason so much of the planet is green, or at least used to be.
Wear Your Fitness in Layers. Working in layers helps you develop overall, whole body conditioning, which eliminates weaknesses. Balance is key.
What To Expect At Your First Acupuncture Treatment. The exact mechanism behind the healing power of acupuncture isn't quite understood, though researchers have put forth several
Who Am I?. Take a lesson from Elvis Presley
Fitness, Weight Loss And Nutrition Apps For Your Phone. Given those results, what are some of the best apps for weight loss? Below, our picks for noteworthy mobile nutrition and
How To Get Your Inner Workaholic To Take a Break. The workaholic in all of us thrives on activity. We need it. We need to keep busy; we need a project. Vacations at first glance seem project-less, a void of time and space.
The Calorie. We are wasting our energy debating the nature of the calorie -- which is, simply, and incontrovertibly, a measure of energy.
Are We Fooling Ourselves With Temporary Changes?. What I'm about to share isn't pretty. But it does address some of the unattractive side effects of being morbidly obese.
9 Quick Tips For Keeping Your Home Serene And Organized. I've been spending a lot of time thinking about how to be happier at home. Here are a few very simple suggestions. These aren't the most profound, but they're steps you can take fairly quickly.
Sun Salutations In Sobriety. At some point in sobriety, you're going to hit a spiritual wall. It's inevitable. When that happens, some turn to religion
Poisonous Perfume? Revealing the Dangers of Fragrance. While many \walk for a cure,\ which I do think is worthwhile, I will also speak out for a more intelligent approach to manufacturing, which should include the exclusion of synthetic fragrance in all products.
The Moment I Knew. Check out more of our readers' submissions below
Jennifer Lawrence's Trainer On Her Fitness Transformation Into Katniss Everdeen For 'The Hunger Games'. The 21-year-old, whose biggest role to date was 2010's \Winter's Bone,\ trained with conditioning coach Dr. Joseph Horrigan
Running the Alps. The practical side of me won out this time around, so I won't be traveling to the TransAlpine Run this September to write about the race. This year, the focus remains on getting married and other new life endeavors. I'm not hanging up the hat for good on stage racing, however.
Peter Goodwin, Pioneer for Human Liberty. Eighteen years ago, Dr. Peter Goodwin led the fight to grant Oregonians the right to end-of-life choice. Terminally ill with a rare, fatal brain disease with no known cure, Peter exercised the right to a peaceful death he helped secure.
Never Had It -- How Can I Imagine It?. When we're asking for something that seems to be completely foreign to us, it is hard to imagine what it would feel like. The great news is that there are plenty of ways to connect with the feeling.
Meditation. The common perception of meditation is that it is a very personal experience, and in recent times the emphasis seems to be on its utilitarian value.
Your Body's Internal Clock And How It Affects Your Overall Health. We all feel the ebb and flow of daily life, the daily rhythms that shape our days. The most basic daily rhythm we live by
Handing Your Brain Happiness and Stress Relief. One thing we now know is that a very simple type of connection actually reduces activity in the area of the brain that is responsible for releasing our stress hormones.
Tackling One of the Biggest Threats to Our Children. While I usually speak about economic issues or geopolitic or global issues, today I would like to discuss an issue that's about care for our kids, about the next generation and about a specific danger they are facing
Moderate Exercise Boosts Fertility, Study Says. If you\u2019re trying to get pregnant, you could help speed up conception by taking a brisk walk or lazy bike ride -- but chances
Can Demi Moore Find Love Again?  Yes, She Can -- and So Will You!. I'll admit, celebrity gossip magazines are a fun way to waste some time at the hair salon, but I don't put much stock in their verity. Nevertheless, there is one truth about Demi that I can state with absolute confidence. She can find love again.
Stalking Your Fear, Part Two. Make the decision to stalk your fear.  When you become the hunter rather than the prey, you create so many exciting new opportunities for growth and happiness.  You learn to let go of the old fears and stories that kept you chained.
How Much Sleep for Teens?. It's a mantra from physicians, sleep experts and other health professionals we've come to expect
Personal Transformation. There is absolutely nothing wrong with you. There's nothing to fix.  You don't need to get better or become different.  You're fine, just as you are. You know all you need to know, and you have all the answers. And you can overcome the obstacles in your way.
Yoga Journal Talent Search 2012 Shows Real-Life Yogis At Their Best (PHOTOS). Yoga Journal is inviting its readers to share photos of themselves doing a favorite asana on a dedicated Tumblr page. The
It's OK to Disappoint People. Disappointment, as uncomfortable and even painful as it can be for me and many of us, is essential and important on our journey of growth, self-discovery, authenticity and fulfillment.
mHealth. Cellphones are being used in prevention, diagnosis and treatment, from prenatal to the last years of life, right across the spectrum of care. In health and development, \mHealth\ (short for \mobile health\) is the new black.
Beyond The Battlefield... Into The Bedroom. What must it be like for Servicemen with genital wounds to resume intimate relations with their wives? Or initiate new relationships...get up the nerve to ask a woman on a date knowing that their most private part may not look or work the way it used to?
Qnexa. I still have many questions about the safety of Qnexa, regardless of its effectiveness. Do the potential risks outweigh the potential benefits? The jury is still out.
Jennifer Aniston's Yoga Workout. 4. Take five deep breaths. 1. Begin in Plank position, and bring the feet together. \Part of why Jennifer looks so awesome
Flat Belly Lunch in 5 Minutes. Instead of the same old quick-fix sandwich, opt for this fast collard wrap. You heard me, collards.
Weight Loss Success. Dieting and binging became my pattern; I\u2019d be \good\u201d for a while by skipping meals or only having liquid shakes, and then
Don't Lose Your Mind. Avoiding mental decline can now be seen as a lifestyle choice and, given the research, should be started well before one's fourth decade to ensure a pathway towards becoming a centenarian with clear focus.
Heart Attacks Could Be Predicted By New Blood Test, Study Suggests. A new blood test could potentially predict if a person is about to have a heart attack. For the study, researchers examined
Growing Through Loss. Sometimes loss is literal
The Power of Lineage. When you look, you see that companionship is everywhere. For this, in part, we can thank our lineages.
The Power Of Pets. When Aaron saw a TV program\u00a0about service dogs, he knew he had the answer:\u00a0with a dog carrying her oxygen tank, little Alida
Ibuprofen Could Ward Off Altitude Sickness, Study Finds. \We weren't just looking at people who went to Nepal,\ says Lipman, an avid climber himself. \This [study] was done in our
Daily Aspirin Linked With Lower Cancer Risk. Taking aspirin every day may significantly reduce the risk of many cancers and prevent tumors from spreading, according to
Could You Run A Marathon Without Training?. For most runners, a marathon is not just 26.2 miles of physical endurance - it means months and months of arduous, painstaking
Blood Sugar Solution Challenge, Day 23. What? Eat nuts? But I have always been told nuts are fattening. Unfortunately conventional wisdom is completely wrong here.
Food Smells Could Make People Eat Less, Study Suggests. Why the smaller portions? The stronger aroma might signal to the brain that the food is richer and higher in calories\u2014thus
Brief Reactive Psychosis. Invisible Children co-founder Jason Russell, the creator of the viral \Kony 2012\ video who was taken to a medical facility
Now I Lay Me Down to Text. As one of the many millions of over-programmed and under-slept women in America, it is often difficult, not to mention tiring, to translate our endless exhaustion into any coherent meaningful prose.
Preparing President Obama for the International AIDS Conference, July 2012. The next four months are a critical time for the Administration, the International AIDS Conference, and the National HIV/AIDS Strategy.  We might ask a familiar question
What Does Bipolar Disorder Really Look Like?. Sadly, society still associates mental illnesses with a stereotyped look of someone with glazed eyes and a drooling mouth, looking as if he or she is from or belongs in outer space.  Nothing could be further from the truth.
Sinus Infections. According to the Infectious Diseases Society of America, sinus infections -- also known as acute rhinosinusitis -- are diagnosed
Spring Fever. All of a sudden, we're delighting in lingering sunshine, warm breezes and bare legs. If where you live is anything like New
Physicians. Sadly, in the ongoing, often vitriolic debates about health care for us all, Americans have lost sight of the iconic importance of our physicians and medical scientists -- the foundation of our medical health care system.
Is Expressing Gratitude Loving or Controlling?. We are often told that gratitude is a powerful way to open the heart and manifest what we want. And it does open the heart and support manifestation -- when our gratitude is coming from a sincere desire to be loving to ourselves and with others.
An Antidote for Our Anger. Living is choosing.  Next time you face life's pressures and pains, choose to savor something in each of those moments.
Separation of Church and Plate. The religious overlay that nutrition has taken on is neither holy nor wholesome.  It precludes us from breaking bread together.  It forestalls the public health progress that could occur if we could all find a seat at a common table.
6 Reasons Why Meditation Appears So Difficult. After years of hearing a plethora of reasons why people find it hard to meditate, we have whittled it down to just a few.
Stop Stopping Judgment. I'll just speak for myself here. I will judge arrogance, meanness, selfishness, injustice, waste, sloth, greed, pride (hmmm
Sleep Better To Get Your Energy Back. By Mary Kate Frank \The main reason I see for loss of energy in women is that they have too much to do,\ says Michael Roizen
The Regrets of the Young. Last month, I asked 100 people aged between 25 and 35 about what they regretted most. All aspects of their early lives were fair game.
New Research Toward Curing and Living Better With Type 1 Diabetes. If you were diagnosed more than a decade ago, like me, you heard that there would be a cure in five to 10 years. We're still searching, but we've probably made more progress in the last 10 years than the last 40.
Why Do We Celebrate Spring, and When Is the New Year?. Spring is a time of rebirth and revival, full of new possibilities. Almost every culture, past and present, has some sort of ritual to celebrate the promise and fertility of spring.
Dental Phobia. Who's most afraid of the dentist? Ongoing research from the University of Sydney suggests that this demographic is more likely
Surviving Anorexia. I used the iron will and discipline anorexia had given me, to master myself. To become one of those who survived the illness. Who beat it.
'The End of Illness' Author David Agus Answers Readers' Questions. To the contrary, Japanese people have significant rates of cancer, but the types of cancer they typically have are different
7 Heart-Healthy Behaviors That Could Help You Live Longer. People who did meet all seven of the metrics had a 76 percent decreased risk of dying from something heart-related, and a
Spring Allergy Hotspots. To get some relief, the Mayo Clinic recommends staying indoors on dry windy days, delegating outdoor chores that can stir
6 Life Lessons To Reach Success And Fulfillment. We need a society that offers opportunities to care for ourselves and our families. However, those who live only for money and power are usually miserable in all aspects of their lives and bring deep unhappiness to all those who rely on them.
You and \Your Doctor\. You see it in every drug ad, and in a lot of the articles in the New York Times Science Section
Can Too Much Cardio Hurt Your Heart?. For more on heart health, click here. Marathon running has taken off in the last few years, and for good reason. Pounding
Being Asked to Guest Co-Host a Network TV Talk Show Felt Like My Big Break -- Instead, I Got a Broken Heart. For more on success and motivation, click here. Do they not want to hire me because I'm not funny? Is my \network hair\ not
Including Children at Funerals. It is important to prepare children for what they will encounter at each step of the funeral or memorial service. When they know what to expect, children will not be overwhelmed.
My Inspiration Station. I feel grateful to have been raised by such an insightful and beautiful woman, who wanted nothing more than to pass on the magic of her heart and the motivation of her soul. For it's my mother that makes my bright light shine even brighter.
Spring Equinox. Spring has sprung, the grass is riz, I wonder where the birdies is? Spring has sprung, and right on schedule, Washington
Wildly-Affordable Food. Should the rising price of eggs put a crimp in your baking? No! Mix up flaxseed \eggs\ in less than a minute. They're good for you and good for the planet.
Migraine, Migraine Go Away. Early in her quest for a cure she had an abundance of hope. She believed that with the right treatment, she would find relief. And why not? Many people do.
Getting the Most Out of Life, One Chocolate at a Time. In the smorgasbord-like taste test that is your daily social existence, remember to consume each proverbial chocolate as if it's the last one you'll ever experience. Doing so just makes life all that much sweeter.
Sleep Better. The alarm goes off and all you want to do is stay under the covers. In desperate times, you might think hitting the snooze
MacGyvering Our Way Out of the Creativity Crisis. Innovation is mostly about seeing what others miss, connecting the dots and taking purposeful action. To do so, we must intentionally look in our blind spots.
Specialty Products for Bad Breath Have Come a Long, Long Way. If you stepped into the 1800s (or sped into them at 88 mph, if you prefer), what would you do when you found that you had bad breath?
Astrology Now. This could be another surprising week wherein sudden changes or astonishing news alter your plans or thinking. Astrological aspects are signaling something new is emerging -- probably in an unexpected way!
Soul-Talk. By choosing to make even one microscopic change today, and another tomorrow, it won't be long until you notice that those minor improvements have actually begun to add up.
Fight Prostate Cancer With Meatless Monday. Small changes in life can make a big difference. Meatless Monday is a step toward developing better habits. You can do it -- and you should feel better.
Pepsi Next. \Health and wellness\ may be cited as motivators behind Pepsi NEXT, but America needs mid-calorie soda as much as the Gulf of Mexico needs another oil spill. May I suggest drinking more water? What a concept!
Greek Mythology Isn't the Only Place to Have Achilles Problems. Achilles' tendon problems aren't limited to Greek mythology. They affect thousands of athletes every year, even those at the highest level. These injuries must be treated quickly and appropriately or they can severely hinder performance.
How Symptoms Are Presented Online May Affect Whether We Think We Have The Disease. Patients aren't the only ones Googling their symptoms -- a survey published least year by Wolters Kluwer Health showed that
Depending On the Brain to Think, At the Expense of the Body's Ability to Know. Only after years of studying and developing a level of sophistication in the way I moved did I see how the body requires as much respect in order to be \smart\ as the brain needs \exercise\ to be strong.
Musing About Muses (Part 2). The purpose of having a muse is to receive inspiration for creative endeavors. So why shouldn't anyone not necessarily endowed with artistic genius be empowered by a personal muse as a natural component and companion to daily living?
Seek and Ye Shall Find. You know how it goes
Blood Sugar Solution Challenge, Day 21. The Japanese have been eating a powerful weight loss food for centuries. So did our ancient ancestors who got ten times more of this critical substance than modern Americans.
What To Expect At Your First Massage. Attention, spa junkies
The Search For A Night's Rest. Coiled viper-like within the word \insomnia\ is the terrifying \omnia.\ Why does sleeplessness seem all-powerful? Because
Allergy Season Myths Debunked. This year's relatively warm winter led to a mild flu season that was the latest in over two decades. Which was nice, because
Is Gaming Changing Health Care and Helping You Live a Healthier Life? Part 2. Do you think gaming is changing the landscape in health care?  Do you think it can help you live a healthier life?
Weight Loss Success. How I Lost It
Living With Autism. Raising any child with a disability or illness can be difficult to say the least. But for many reasons, and for many people, parenting a child with autism can be especially overwhelming.
HRT and Breast Cancer. The recent Pfizer jury award is sure to scare many women. Whether or not to take estrogen and or progesterone is a very personal decision that needs to be individualized.
Short on Time for a Workout?  Maximize Your Time and Go for the 'After-Burn'!. If you can only find 30 minutes (or less) to fit in some exercise, what's the best use of your time -- a cardio workout or a weight training session?
How To Kick The Coffee Habit. There's nothing wrong with coffee, unless you have acid reflux or other reasons to avoid it. \Caffeine tends to [open] the
Two Faces of Grace. The horrific face of grace can fill us with dread and fear when it appears, but if we are willing to welcome it -- as we welcome the good news of the grace of bounty -- it too brings us home.
Quiz. However good your marriage is there is always room to make it great. Here is a short quiz to see how well you get on day-to-day.
What's In a Name. The doctor/patient relationship is highly personal and complex. The physician must maintain a professional rapport and the patient's dignity, respect the person's privacy, and convey an impression of competence.
The Many Benefits of 'Sweatworking'. Fitness is in vogue and it's becoming a multi-dimensional facet of life that goes way beyond burning calories and staying fit. Group fitness classes, boutique studios as well as road races and triathlons, have become cultural norms and social and professional tools.
Study Puts Sleep Problems On The Map Down South. Here's one reason why
Lack Of Compassion Can Make People Feel Less Moral, Study Shows. When a stranger asks for money, people choose not to give for a variety of reasons, even if their hearts want to -- perhaps
Art of Attention. Lately I've been learning how to relate directly to my life rather than through my memories or expectations. I'm actively rooting out my expressions of anger by paying $1 for every doubting thought.
St. Paddy's Day Aftermath. In the ideal world, we'd spend our weekends relaxing, recharging and getting our bodies restored for the week to come. But
Blood Sugar Solution Challenge, Day 20. You might think that you won't have fewer pounds, only fewer dollars if you go organic. But think again.
Life Lessons From The World's Oldest People. 1. Besse Cooper (Born August 26, 1896) On Jan. 31, 2011, Besse Cooper was entered into the Guinness Book of World Records
Time Pressures? How to Take Control of Your Time. If you feel you are one of those people who have little free time and what little you have is continually interrupted, you may need to get active in order to carve out a little more time for yourself.
Stalking Your Fear, Part One. Get this
Foods That Are Good For Your Smile. Last time I visited the dentist, we were having one of those awkward, mouth-full-of-toothpaste conversations.
Art Appreciation Boosts Stroke Recovery, Study Suggests. Research presented at the 12th Annual Spring Meeting on Cardiovascular Nursing shows appreciating art increases quality of
Super Soul Sunday. My spiritual awakening happened eight years ago when I began having wild metaphysical experiences. One night I saw and heard spirits, geometry floating through space and energy around people.
Cell Phone Use During Pregnancy May Harm Offspring, Yale Study Says. \This is the first experimental evidence that fetal exposure to radio frequency radiation from cellular telephones does in
How To Dine Out Like A Health Pro. By Leslie Barrie You've heard how diet-unfriendly dining out can be (2,120 calories for cheese fries with chili and ranch
Full Cup, Thirsty Spirit. Sometimes we have to live through experiencing life as being too much and not enough in order to gain clarity about where our own point of balance exists.
Blood Sugar Solution Challenge, Day 19. Today we are seeing obese 6-month-old babies! Why? It sure isn't because they are asking mom for the keys to the car so they can go grab another cheeseburger.
Green Superfoods. First, the bad news
Breakthroughs in Energy Psychology. I'm excited to report that there are promising new findings in the field of energy psychology, specifically about a practice called Emotional Freedom Technique (EFT), or tapping, that is taking our search for holistic solutions to an exciting new level.
How to Break Through a Weight Loss Plateau. As anyone who has ever lost a lot of weight (like 20 pounds or more) will tell you, the first five come off easily and the last five are the toughest!  You're still doing all the right things -- eating less and moving more -- but all of a sudden it stops working.
Five Ways Our Need to Fit in Controls Us. As a society, we Westerners exalt individualism and self-reliance, and yet our biology moves us in other directions. Humans evolved as social animals, and we posses a number of behaviors that motivate us towards group conformity.
Eye And Brain Health Linked. There are a number of other health conditions that your eyes could be warning you about. For some of them, check out this
What Happens To Your Body When You Binge Drink On St. Patrick's Day. By Dr. Natasha Turner for Blisstree.com If you are doing a countdown to St. Patrick's Day on your calendar with images of
'Brain Fog' In Menopause Is Real, Study Suggests. In addition, the women were surveyed on their menopausal symptoms like difficulty sleeping, hot flashes and depression. Researchers
Positivity Bracelets. I began wearing a positivity bracelet two years ago when I was seeking a way to change my own thinking.  At the beginning of this process, it can be overwhelming to begin to look at the number of negative thoughts that are leading your life.
Gallup Exercise Poll Reveals Benefit Of Warm Winter Weather. Have you spent the past few months enjoying the unseasonably warm winter weather? While it\u2019s certainly troubling from an
A Bold New Attack on the Alzheimer's Scourge. What if a preeminent global health authority declared there's a public health \time bomb\ among us?  What if he were the person most responsible for leading the coalition that turned HIV/AIDS from a certain death sentence into a manageable illness?
Fit Links. For more on fitness and exercise, click here. There are hundreds of wonderful sites on healthy living to be seen all over
Sleep Guidance for Kids and Teens Is Based on Sound Science. Our hope is that by understanding the scientific record and context beyond these two recent splashes in the literature, the pediatric sleep community's service to parents and health professionals can be restored.
Common Medicines Could Lower Effectiveness Of Cancer Drug, Study Finds. (Reporting By Bill Berkrot; Editing by Gerald E. McCormick) Not surprisingly, the study found that the vast majority of the
Scarce ICU Beds May Mean Doctor Switches From Lifesaving Care To End-Of-Life Care. Last month, a French study showed that patients who were denied ICU access because of bed shortages had a higher risk of
Understanding 'Habit Loop' Key To Changing Habits, Author Says. \Most of the choices we make each day may feel like the products of well-considered decision making, but they're not,\ Duhigg
Blood Sugar Solution Challenge, Day 18. There is a hidden fire smoldering inside your body that is causing you to gain weight, get sick, and it is sending your blood sugar on a roller coaster ride.
St. Patrick's Day And Green Food. So go nuts and have that Shamrock treat. But if you are worried or just turned off, here are three alternatives
7 Health Lessons From The Irish. Tomorrow is St. Patrick's Day, a holiday that's earned itself an unhealthy rap by encouraging binge drinking and over-eating
Antibiotic Resistance Could Bring 'End Of Modern Medicine'. As bacteria evolve to evade antibiotics, common infections could become deadly, according to Dr. Margaret Chan, director
Rock, Paper, Scissors. Have you ever gotten to a point in your life where you feel like the old paradigms just aren't cutting it? Have you entertained the thought that maybe \all is vanity and striving after wind\?
How To Build The Perfect Circuit Workout. By Charlotte Andersen for Shape.com Imagine a turbo-charged workout routine that mixes cardio and strength training and has
The Secret to Healthy, Glowing Skin Is So Simple You'll Freak Out. We're always so quick to try the newest diet or embark on an expensive cleanse in an effort to be healthy and look our best. But sometimes the secret to a healthy, attractive body is right in front of our faces, and we didn't even know it.
A Conversation With 'Soulful Decluttering' Expert Barry Dennis. Many spiritual thinkers, including Don Jos\u00e9 Matsuwa, the 110-year-old Huichol shaman with whom Brant lived and studied for 12 years, believe that having too many possessions around us can detract from our inner peace and balance.
How To Trick Your Taste Buds Into Enjoying More Healthy Foods. Imagine a world in which healthy food tasted delicious, and unhealthy food made us gag. On Halloween, kids would fill their
Why Good Friends Make You Happy. \Every friend makes you healthier; every friend makes you happier,\ Fowler says. \We're not talking about your 500th friend
Were Women's Bone Scans Bone Scams?. Women are in such danger of osteoporosis they need regular bone scans. But a recent article reveals that the warnings don't apply to 90 percent of women who have been getting the scans -- and the bone drugs the scans were designed to sell -- for no reason.
Sleep Deprivation And Poverty. In this highlight from the event, the panelists address an online audience member's question about the effects of poverty
Does Your 'Love Stool' Have Wobbly Legs?. Did you know that on average people who are unhappy in their romantic relationship have been so for about seven years before they seek help?
Music Therapy Intervention in Medical Settings. Music therapy services in medical settings such as hospitals take many forms. Patient outcomes are individualized and specific. Although benefits are often described in medical terms, music therapy is clearly for the \whole person.\
4 Foods to Help You Focus Better. A new study from the British Medical Journal showed that cognitive decline -- a decrease in memory and reasoning capacity -- can start to affect our brains as early as 45! Give yourself a mental boost now with these four foods.
So Many Treatments, So Little Education. As an owner of a pest control company, I am often asked what type of treatment is most effective in ridding a home of bedbugs.
Acupuncture. Acupuncture is a great alternative healing technique that has the potential to help your pet avoid the traditional drugs and/or surgery approach.
The Meaning of My Life. What's the point of living a full life if one only uses it to burden others? We may live in a world of classes and hierarchies, but life itself is equal, and because it's short, rare, and not absolute, it also makes it special.
The Moment I Knew I Didn't Need To Diet (SUBMIT YOUR VIDEO). Take a look at more of our readers' submissions below
Walking Could Lower Effect Of Genetic Predisposition For Obesity, Study Suggests. However, the people who exercised the most in the study had a lowered effect of the gene, at just 0.08 kilograms per meter
Generosity or Greed -- It's a Matter of Choice. When we look outward instead of inward, it is easy to become disconnected from a deep sense of the relevance of our being and our connection to one another.
True Friendship Can Handle the Truth. True friendship is about meeting in the place of truth, and loving and supporting each other there.  Anything else is just a paler shade of polite.
Being Alone and Loving It.... During the 1950s, when actress Greta Garbo walked away from her very lucrative movie career and become nearly reclusive in
Cadmium Intake May Up Breast Cancer Risk, Study Says. In the meantime, McElroy said there are a few steps people can take to try and limit their cadmium consumption. Kovach added
Blood Sugar Solution Challenge, Day 17. You can exercise less to lose more weight if you know how.
Dental Health Risks. The basics of dental health aren't all that complicated
How Lack Of Sleep Hurts Your Health. While you're snoozing, the body repairs damaged tissue, produces crucial hormones and strengthens memories -- a process called
Taking Up the Cross of Awareness. While I've been on a conscious journey of transformation for nearly 40 years, I've never framed it as my \journey to the cross.\ But that's only because my orientation has not been framed in Biblical terms.
Putting A Stop To Muscle Cramps. By Laura Schwecherl Cramps, stitches and spasms -- oh my! They sure are painful, but can we stop the pain or prevent them
What Not to Say to a Griever (And What You Should Say or Do Instead). Grief is one of the most universal of human experiences.  Virtually every single person you know, including yourself, will eventually lose a loved one.
Nostalgia Can Help Ease Discomfort. Researchers exposed volunteers to uncomfortably cold temperatures, then asked them to engage in a little nostalgia\u2014by listening
The Grieving Garden. Finding solace in ordinary tasks like gardening and organizing can be very comforting and even therapeutic when people are grieving, whether it is the death of a loved one or the loss of someone to a life-altering illness such as dementia.
800,000 Lung Cancer Deaths Prevented Because Of Anti-Smoking Efforts. Just how many lives have been saved from quitting smoking -- or never starting? \These findings provide a compelling illustration
Florida Claims Success In 'Pill Mill' Crackdown. The number of prescription drug-related deaths dropped by 8 percent over the previous year, down from 1,268 in 2010 to 1,175
Words Are Like Living Organisms. To be mindful of speech means to notice your intention before you speak and to listen with full attention. There are certainly times when I've said things I regret.
5 Ways to Make Meditation Less Mysterious. At its core, meditation is nothing more than the opportunity to enter the space between the thinker and the thought, which lets us to know that we are more than our mental meanderings.
Finding Success Together. Growing your business and personal life together is a challenge that will forever require attention and work, but will also deliver rewarding feelings and memories, while undoubtedly filling your heart with love.
Top 10 Hotspots For Human Longevity. For more on aging, click here. By Miriam Weiner for U.S. News Health In the United states, average life expectancy is 78.49
Dads, Dudes, Diabetes and Duty. Gentlemen
Should School Start Later? Harvard Professor Discusses Kids' Lack Of Sleep (VIDEO). In this highlight from the event, Susan Redline, M.D., M.P.H., professor of sleep medicine at Harvard Medical School, discusses
What Would You Do? Becoming the Love You Seek. Be the love you seek in the world, beginning with the one in the mirror.  A random good samaritan act reminds us we are worth it.
Soda's Health Risks. It seems like a new study linking soda consumption to poor health makes headlines each week. And whether you're choosing
Loud Talkers. While loud talkers and soft talkers may seem like the stuff of \Seinfeld,\ researchers have actually pinpointed why some
Antipsychotic Drugs Grow More Popular For Patients Without Mental Illness. There is a trend that alarms medical experts, policymakers and patient advocates
Sleeping Less Means More Calories?. \It was a surprising finding, that this increased leptin, so they wound up concluding that the ghrelin and leptin changes
Hate Your Husband? (Or Your Wife?). The abundance of choice in our society -- and the advertising and media culture that (quite effectively) makes us feel that we won't be complete until we acquire that next great thing -- is taking its toll on our relationships.
Soul-Talk. While the distinction between addict and addictive behavior may seem like splitting hairs, successful recovery may in fact lie in a seemingly-small distinction.
Why Comparing Yourself to Other People Is a Good Thing. People are always telling you not to compare yourself to others, but it's part of human nature. Humans are called \the comparing creatures.\ It's not always a bad thing.
Old Friends. The growth of the social web and the increasing linkages to what some call \Web 4.0\ will make sifting and sorting our time and attention for \real\ friends more and more challenging. But it's worth it.
Trans Fats Linked With Aggression, Study Finds. Researchers found that greater trans fats intake seemed to predict whether a person was more aggressive. The finding held
What Role Did Accused Soldier's Brain Injury Play In Afghan Massacre?. It's incredibly difficult to surmise what might have pushed one American sergeant to allegedly massacre 16 Afghan civilians
Frightened Into Fitness. We can't prevent aging, all diseases and all health issues, but we can improve our overall quality of life, general state of happiness and pride in how we operate as people if we just take a relatively small amount of time and effort to drink water, make good eating choices, exercise and stretch a little on a daily basis.
Guilt. People have different definitions for \recovery.\ Mine is doing what it takes to reduce one's worst symptoms and learn to manage the stubbornly-irritating ones that remain.
The Longest Journey Begins With a Single Misstep. What is the longest journey? To me, it is the one from here to enlightenment, to spiritual transformation. And without a costly misstep, or suffering, that journey can never even begin.
Leadership For Change. What do you think
Meditation. Meditation is both an experience of being who we really are, as well as the practice that invites us to be in this state. No one practice is more effective or important than another.
Can We Change Our Life by Changing Our Story?. In doing the research and diving into the many books regarding personal change, I've recognized that writing down our story (and the way we want to see it) is the perfect platform to revise our personal story so that we can change our lives.
How To Eat An Elephant. Fear and will are a magnificent duo through which anyone can land on solid ground when it comes to breaking down that which appears to be larger than life.
Momentary Mindfulness. Momentary mindfulness is easy to fit into your to daily life. No one has to know you are doing it -- it takes seconds, and you don't even have to close your eyes. Momentary mindfulness is a private, quiet practice that will not take you away from life.
40 Unexpected Ways To Add Veggies To A Meal. Even for those of us who like eating veggies, it can be a challenge to fit in all those recommended servings every day. When
You Know Far More Than You Know You Know!. When you read (or hear) something that finds deep resonance with your soul it's not because you are receiving anything new; you are remembering something that you already know at some level.
Medical Schools For Primary Care. In fourth place
What Makes Us Tick. We hear a lot about dysfunction and how experiences from our childhoods can influence our lives well into adulthood.  I think this is true on both the positive and negative sides.
3 Tiny Habits to Enhance Your Mindfulness Practice. All the hype around mindfulness -- being aware of the present moment, on purpose and without judgment, has gotten many people interested in giving it a try. The big challenge for most has been how to sustain their practice past the initial excitement.
Can Joy Come From Loss?. When my oldest daughter was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes four years ago, I felt adamant that there could be no growth and certainly no joy to be found in the aftermath of this particular heartbreak.
Do You Eat When You're Bored?. If you eat when you're bored, you are not alone.  Eating for fun, for pleasure, for something to do,  to procrastinate doing something you really don't want to do, to reward yourself, are all reasons many people eat.  None of them have to do with being hungry and fueling your body.
Most iPad Owners Use Device In The Bedroom. Instead, experts recommend turning off all devices an hour before bedtime and finding another method for winding down, like
Diabetes. Having a diagnosis of diabetes does not mean your life is now about eating only lettuce.  It means you need to be cognitive of what is happening in your body and know how to make modifications to avoid diabetes complications.
Celebrity Skin Problems. For celebrities, life in the public eye can mean that skin problems are also the subject of tabloid fluff and hurtful judgments
Exercise Secret. Sims said that women in the cooling group had much lower attrition rates than those in the control. \There are a lot of psychological
Why Interacting With A Woman Can Leave Men 'Cognitively Impaired'. Researchers have begun to explore the cognitive impairment that men experience before and after interacting with women. A
Yoga For Caregivers. The researchers separated the study participants into two groups
Don't Call It Pampering. While massage may have developed a reputation as a decadent treat for people who love pampering, new studies are showing
Chlamydia Testing. Untreated chlamydia infections can spread into the uterus or fallopian tubes and cause pelvic inflammatory disease. Undetected
Dr. Dean Ornish, HuffPost Medical Editor, Responds To Breaking Study Linking Red Meat And Heart Disease. Is red meat bad for you? In a word, yes. In this issue, Pan et al describe the outcomes from more than 37,000 men from the
iPads Boost Doctors' Efficiency At University Of Chicago, Study Shows. \Clearly this is demonstrating a new trend in integration of personal computing devices with the electronic health record
The Anti Colon Cancer Diet. Colon cancer is considered a preventable cancer. Why? Primarily because by changing our diet we can reduce risk dramatically.
Weight Loss Success. Name
Have You Dropped Your Exercise Program and Picked Up a Few Pounds?. There are those of you out there that exercised regularly in the past.  You were in great shape and felt strong.  Then you fell off the wagon.
Cancer, a New View. Like most people who go on the bizarre and frightening trip of cancer, I needed a way to find comfort and hope. After my third diagnosis, I was filled with despair, not knowing where to turn. With the help of my therapist, I decided to write a book.
Older Men's Biggest Health Worries. For example
Sleep Deprivation And Productivity. As part of National Sleep Awareness Week, the National Sleep Foundation's annual campaign to remind people about the importance
4-3-2-1... Fitness!. Regardless of your present level of conditioning, this exercise format can work for you.  It can be done by the physically disabled sitting in a chair or implemented by a seasoned athlete.
Astrology Now. Mercury retrograde is famous for little problems, reversals and delays. It's especially known for disruptions in decisions, contracts, technology, schedules, and interpersonal understandings. So take care to make sure that you and others really understand each other.
The Most (And Least) Obese Metro Areas In The U.S.. Click through the slideshow below to see which metro areas have the highest and lowest rates of obesity. Tell us in the comments
Life Enrichment. Recognizing that seniors with memory loss can still engage in meaningful activities not only brings them and their loved ones joy, but is also a great way to stay connected. The key is to find something that resonates with each individual and draws on their continued strengths.
The Perils Of Sleep Deprivation. In the original story, Sleeping Beauty was out of it for a hundred years. Rip Van Winkle dozed for a mere twenty. While in
Talk Therapy Key To Treating Insomnia. For people with insomnia -- that includes nearly one in five American adults -- the most common treatments are sleeping pills
It's National Napping Day. For more on sleep, click here. In 1999, Boston University professor William Anthony, Ph.D., and his wife, Camille Anthony
How To Manage Your Appetite After A Bad Night's Sleep. Save Your Carbs For Dinner If your blood sugar levels are on a rollercoaster all day, you can bet your cortisol is as well
6 Strategies for Coping With an Irritable Sweetheart or Spouse. If you're in a relationship, your sweetheart's emotional state matters a lot to you. So how do you cope with a sweetheart or spouse who is irritable most of the time?
Want a Self-Esteem Boost? Throw Away Someone's Trash. \Do good, feel good\ is a happiness truism that really is true. Act like a considerate citizen of the world, and you'll also boost your self-esteem.
8 Ways To Become An Optimist. Research suggests that people with a glass-half-full outlook are healthier than their pessimistic peers
Crisis. When faced with a new type of crisis, we often have to let ourselves be beginners and \not know\ what we have not yet learned.
Where Does Real Help Come From?. By now, many of you have likely seen at least a clip of the YouTube video posted by Robert, a 23-year-old man who weighs over 600 pounds and says he made the video in hopes that it will go viral and that he can get some help to lose weight.
The Nutrition Month Challenge. March is Nutrition Month, and you might think that means I'm going to talk about what you should eat. But instead of talking about what we eat, I want to talk about how we eat it.
Improve Focus At Work. Early Sunday morning, we lost an all-too-precious hour of sleep -- and today we're likely losing something else
We Feel More Positively Toward Words From Right Side Of Computer Keyboard. The QWERTY layout on your keyboard was designed to prevent typewriter jams by keeping common letter pairs apart. But QWERTY
Science Behind The 'Runner's High'. There isn't a lot out there on HOW the runner's high might occur, but there is even less on WHY. There are several hypotheses
Blood Sugar Solution Challenge, Day 14. If your metabolism slows down while you sleep, wouldn't it make sense to stay up a few extra hours at night to keep your metabolic fire burning as a way to lose weight? No! Find out why common sense doesn't make sense.
Circumcision May Reduce Prostate Cancer Risk, Study Shows. Thus the new study, they write, presents a \biologically plausible mechanism\ for circumcision reducing the risk of prostate
Massage at Home. It doesn't matter if you work out every day, or if you are a weekend warrior
Discerning Intuition From Fear. With intuition and fear, one is like a premonition and the other is just a fantasy. With fear or fantasy, you're making it up. However, you can use fear to your advantage by turning it into determination.
Blood Sugar Solution Challenge, Day 13. Common sense says that if you skip lunch or only eat one meal a day, you will eat less and lose weight. Unfortunately common sense doesn't always make sense for your body
Scientists Make Progress In Search For HIV Cure. He explained that because HIV is a \u0093reverse transcriptase\ virus it is constantly mutating, making it very difficult for
Spring Ahead... Really?. Time really is the reef upon which our mystic sailing ship gets caught. So, as you adjust the clocks  on Saturday night, try to become the silent witness of how, no matter how you may be able to manipulate the hands on a clock, you can't change something that doesn't really exist.
Vegetarian Diet Could Make You Happier And Less Stressed, Study Shows. After two weeks on a vegetarian diet, participants had \u201cnegligible amounts\u201d of EPA, DHA and AA in their bodies. Fatty acid
Colorful Fruit And Vegetables For A More Nutritious You. \These phytonutrients include antioxidants like carotenoids and anthocyanins that give produce its color and may play a role
Daylight Saving Time. If you're feeling the effects of the time change today, one thing that might help is to get some sun as soon as possible
'Alive Again'. Normal Pressure Hydrocephalus (NPH) is a rare but reversible cause of memory loss caused by abnormal levels of cerebral spinal fluid in the brain.
Taming the ADD Epidemic. Martin Whitely offers a proven public health cure for this false \epidemic\ of diagnosis and treatment, one that has already worked wonders in his native state of Western Australia.
Super Soul Sunday. The only way to become authentically powerful is to create authentic power. You cannot wish, want, or command authentic power into your life, although you can try.
Walk With Your Dog. By Dr. Ernie Ward for Vetstreet.com In other words, it all comes down to pacing. To help get you into the right aerobic groove
Daily Alcohol Drink May Reduce Risk Of Stroke In Women, Study Says. According to the study, published today in the journal Stroke, female participants who drank about a half glass of wine per
How Do Blind People Dream?. One of the less-talked-about side effects of being blind
Blood Sugar Solution Challenge, Day 12. There are very few things in medical science that have been proven in virtually EVERY study to help you lose weight and re-balance your blood sugar. Today Dr. Hyman reveals one of them.
Daylight Saving Time 2012. How does daylight saving time affect you? Tell us in the comments. While adjusting to this slightly-altered cycle can take
Can't Sleep? Stressed? Try Music!. Have you ever felt anxious or stressed or couldn't sleep? Not just mere mortals have the problem; even celebrities have trouble sleeping sometimes. Maybe it's time to turn on some relaxing music and feel your body switch to relaxed.
Should Children Have A Say In Bedtime? Harvard Professor Discusses 'Owls' And 'Larks' (VIDEO). As part of National Sleep Awareness Week, the National Sleep Foundation's annual campaign to remind people about the importance
Time Change and Springing Forward -- Are You Ready?. Be aware of your bedtime routine as the clock springs forward -- otherwise you might fall back asleep at the wrong time.
Daylight Saving Time. Light equals life. It is precious and we are loath to lose it. Not that the dark does not bring its own healing, life-enhancing atmosphere, but after the long pitch of winter, we are eager, anxious, impatient for more light. Nature knows that and obliges.
4 Powerful Reasons to Eat Grapefruit. Citrus season is here and while oranges and clementines definitely pack a health punch, it's time to make some room for grapefruit.
Top 5 Mistakes You're Making in the Gym. Every time I walk into a gym, I see and hear things that make me want to jump up and down, things I want to run over and fix!
Weight Loss Success. I went to the doctor recently, and he hadn't seen me since last February. He walked in and said, \Oh my gosh! Did you have
Aging, Eyes and Our Circadian Clock. Circadian rhythms -- our own internal biological \clock\ -- govern our sleep-wake cycle and several other daily rhythms of the body. It's a complicated and finely-tuned system of hormonal and bio-chemical reactions that helps us live in rhythm with the 24-hour day.
The Crucial Test That Can Save Your Life. It's been estimated that more than 50,000 people die each year from colorectal cancer -- but no one should be dying from it, due to the easy access of a colonoscopy procedure, which is covered by most insurance companies.
6 Tips For A Healthy, Committed Relationship. All couples come to therapy with good intentions. They all desperately want to improve their relationships and make them last. But the only way that happens is when each partner agrees to change their behavior.
Debunking Myths About Food Stamps. Food insecurity in America is a major public health concern that has increased significantly during the recent economic recession. The upcoming presidential election has put a spotlight on the increase in SNAP enrollment in recent years.
What If Health Were More Like Wealth?. We routinely squander and neglect something we would hate to have taken from us, and would surely fight to prevent someone taking from our loved ones.  It's certainly wisdom, it's just not yet conventional to acknowledge that health is wealth.  Making it conventional is up to us.
Supermodels Of Sobriety. For every teetotaling supermodel like Claudia Schiffer, many more have made headlines for their wild ways off the catwalk
How to Stop Your Discussions From Turning Into Arguments. If you ever talk over each other, if your discussions have a tendency to turn into arguments or if you feel you are not being heard, then the talking stick is an excellent way to communicate and can save enormous amounts of time, energy and heartache within your relationship.
Quality of Life. What do you consider a good quality of life? For me, it's living in a place I love, being healthy, having good friends, loving what I do for a living, paying my bills and having enough money for what I want -- and I don't need a lot.
My New York City Window Garden. For more from Maria Rodale, go to www.mariasfarmcountrykitchen.com Being a Rodale, I am often asked if I garden. For most
My New York City Window Garden. Maya Rodale is the author of multiple historical romance novels, as well as the nonfiction book Dangerous\u00a0Books for Girls
Your Personality Is Revealed In A Heartbeat (Literally). Aspects of your personality can be revealed in a heartbeat, literally, a new study from Germany suggests. The study identified
Blood Sugar Solution Challenge, Day 11. So what's the story with gluten? Is it really the modern evil everyone says it is?
Stunning New Alzheimer's Documentary to Air on PBS March 29. Last night I watched a review copy of a stunning new Alzheimer's documentary, produced and directed by long-time elder activist Scott Kirschenbaum. It's set to premiere on PBS's Independent Lens series on March 29.
One Minute To Stress Less. When it comes to our stress or uncomfortable emotions, the brain mistakenly uses the same approach and unknowingly make our stress and pain worse.
Does Being Spiritual Make You a Doormat?. How does one walk the path of love, tolerance, compassion, forgiveness, etc. without becoming a doormat? This is a fundamental question, and one that's rarely addressed, if ever.
The Moment I Knew I Had To Lose Weight (SUBMIT YOUR VIDEO). Here on HuffPost Healthy Living, we've suggested that you tell us about \The Moment I Knew I Had To Lose Weight.\ For many
How To Choose A Bicycle. Just signed up for a triathalon? Interested in swapping out your car for a commuter bike? Luckily, Bicycling Magazine has
Caffeine More Likely To Disrupt Sleep In Morning People, Study Finds. However, Dr. Donna Arand, clinical director of the Kettering Sleep Disorder Center, told ABC News that there is evidence
Pesticides and Personal Care Products Pollute Our Environment. The truth is that the more we know about health and about health care, the better the decisions we can make. Integrative medicine gives us new tools to consider in our quest for better living.
Former Congressman Patrick Kennedy's Mission. Patrick Kennedy is challenging scientists to see \innerspace\ as the new frontier, a moonshot into the mind to explore brain circuitry and impaired genes and to develop research that can be translated into therapies and cures for all brain disorders.
'Why Are My Partners Always Needy?'. A patient of mine realized that if he wanted to attract a loving and caring woman who took responsibility for herself, he would have to learn to be loving and caring toward himself.
The Sexploitation of Yoga. WIlliam J. Broad's  New York Times article on yoga injuries fueled a heated debate regarding the safety of yoga practice. His recent article, \Yoga and Sex Scandals
Caring for Your Pet in a Tough Economy. If you're among the millions of Americans who wants to cut costs and increase your savings, taking a back-to-basics approach to life can offer a number of advantages. If you're looking for ways to slash pet-related expenses, there are smart and not-so-smart strategies available to accomplish your goal.
Truvada. Los Angeles-based AIDS Healthcare Foundation (AHF) has petitioned the Food and Drug Administration on the grounds that studies
Hydrogels Heal Themselves -- And Maybe Your Ulcers And Stomach Perforations. By Sophie Bushwick (Click here for the original article and podcast) They\u2019re called hydogels
International Women's Day 2012. The health status of women is linked to their fundamental freedoms and empowerment. Education and occupational opportunities as well as access to health care are crucial components for building a healthier future for women worldwide.
When Friends Don't See Eye-to-Eye. Did you ever have a really good friendship where everything was just rolling along until one day you hit an impasse that you couldn't seem to get past?  I've been hearing a lot of stories like this lately and have had my fair share as well.  So let's take a look at what could be happening and the options for resolution.
How Malnutrition Causes Obesity. Americans are overfed and undernourished. That's right, the most obese children and adults in the country are also the most nutritionally deficient.
Goosey Events and Trees That Smile. Let yourself go the next time you stumble across the improbable or the unforeseen. Be wildly silly and curious about everything that you see, paying attention to all that is quirky because you never know what meaning lies behind.
Why Men Should Consider an Integrative Approach to Prostate Cancer (Part II). I became intrigued by the roles of diet, exercise and overall lifestyle in turning cancer genes on and off. Could men's behavior increase or decrease their chances of getting prostate cancer?
The Answer Is Pretty Ugly. \Mirror, mirror, on the wall, who is the fairest of them all?\ It's been two centuries since the Brothers Grimm and, amazingly, that question and that magical mirror from Snow White are still around.  Today, the magical mirror is called the internet.
Could Running At Night Make You Faster?. A Run On The Dark Side -- Why It Matters Donning sneakers at sunrise rarely seems more appealing than basking in bed -- even
Wacky Beauty Tricks Of The Stars. If there's one generalization that tends to hold up when it comes to celebs, it's that they are an attractive bunch. Good
WARNING. Spending money now to prevent chronic disease and curb the growing obesity rates in America is the right thing to do. Prevention programs are imperative to controlling the exploding growth in health care costs.
Imaging Tests For Breast Pain Don't Have Significant Benefit, Study Shows. According to the Mayo Clinic, breast pain very rarely means that a woman has breast cancer, though you should still see a
The Sacred Feminine Today. Only through working together with the sacred feminine can we heal and transform the world. And this means to honor her presence within our bodies and our soul, in the ground we walk on and the air we breathe.
Harvard Professor Explains Link Between Lack Of Sleep And Doctors' Mistakes (VIDEO). In this highlight from the event, Charles Czeisler, M.D. Ph.D., chief of the division of sleep medicine at Brigham and Women's
Do Not Resuscitate Orders. Any efforts by the medical profession to curb patient autonomy deserve strict scrutiny lest we return to the unfortunate era of paternalism.  And it will not be easy to effect these types of changes.
Vitamin D And Alzheimer's. Research published in the Journal of Alzheimer's Disease shows that vitamin D3 may work by activating certain genes and cell
Pycnogenol, Pine Bark Extract, Could Help Relieve Menopausal Symptoms, Study Finds. The researchers had the women rate their menopausal symptoms from a list of 33 signs and symptoms, with 0 being a lack of
Bored Into Weight Gain?. Boredom often gives us pause to our too busy and stressful lives, but if we can deal with boredom correctly, it might actually help us lose weight.
A Look At Alzheimer's Health Costs. Source
Zytiga, Prostate Cancer Drug, Improves Survival. \Since the trial was stopped earlier than expectations, we are operating under the assumption that the data were truly spectacular
What Rush Limbaugh Can Teach Us About Discrimination Against Women. This controversy leaves me with the heightened awareness of how much waking up humanity still has to do. As long as there are those who are steeped in the culturally-conditioned beliefs that power resides in gender, and that half the population of the world is fundamentally flawed because of it, humanity has not turned the corner toward a more enlightened consciousness.
Be Careful Taking Advice When You Are Anxious. Recent research suggests that anxiety makes people want to take advice to help them feel more confident about judgments and decisions they are making. However, they are so interested in getting advice that they become worse at judging whether the advice they are getting is good.
Everyone Knows Obesity Is Hurting Us, But Is the Fight Against Obesity the Problem?. Does it ever seem like you're hearing the same things about weight over and over? Witnessing the depressing cycle of failed public initiatives and fruitless personal efforts to trim our waistlines, who wouldn't wish for a more hopeful angle or some alternative facts on the old story?
Learning From Jealousy. Every situation is an opportunity to learn if you're willing to see it as such. Dealing with jealousy -- whether directed at someone else or at you -- is no exception.
DIY Greek Yogurt Desserts. Greek yogurt has seen a recent popularity in every facet of the food world -- even Ben & Jerry's has created a frozen swirl. What's not to love? Greek yogurt is high in protein, low in sugar and is one of the most versatile ingredients around.
P.J. Lukac, a Medical Student, Researches and Fundraises for His Own Disease. The last thing that Paul Lukac thought he had when he developed periods of confusion during his second year of medical school was a brain tumor. After all, he was studying neuropathology, abnormal brain tissue, and that would have been too great a coincidence.
2012-2020. The decade ahead will be a testing time as it marks the peak clash between two mythologies -- or rather, two defining eras.
Is Yoga Ready for the Olympics?. Though we in the competition-squeamish yoga community have been repeatedly assured that yoga competitions are historically common in India, your first time can be shocking. That was my experience at least, at the Hudson Theater in Midtown Manhattan, watching the 2012 United States Yoga Asana Championship, New York Regional edition.
Breast Cancer's Trip to Isolation Island. The scope and intensity of these feelings of isolation and subsequent emotional pain fluctuate from day to day. More often than not, though, they carry me closer to invaluable inner resources. These are resources that I never knew I had.
Foursquare Ranks The Healthiest Cities. Foursquare knows how Americans eat. The social networking service allows members to digitally announce their locations -- \checking
Rock, Paper, Scissors. Does all suffering come from desire? What is desire, anyway? What would we be without it? The debate continues in this, the second installment of an ongoing philosophical discussion among three strangely-vocal inanimate objects.
A Kidney After One Day on the National Transplant Registry -- World Kidney Day Free Screenings. The story I'm about to finish here is, at the very least, a magical one. Perhaps a spiritual antidote -- if there is such a thing -- for so much lost to kidney disease.
Donepezil And Memantine, Key Dementia Drugs, Should Be Used More. \As patients progress to more severe forms of Alzheimer's disease, clinicians are faced with a difficult decision as to whether
Immune System Tricked To Accept Mismatched Donor Organ. Ildstad has developed a process for enriching these cells and formed a company called Regenerex LLC, which is developing
Forgiveness. Anger begets anger.  Self-pity can turn into despair. When these emotions become dominant, they take over valuable real estate within you that could be used to channel your awesomeness, creativity and talents.
Being Human 2012. San Francisco has become the hot spot for the rapidly-growing think tank movement. Recent interdisciplinary conferences, including Wisdom 2.0 and the Yoga Journal Conference, have begun integrating a range of topics geared toward maintaining balance and humanity in our business and technology-oriented culture.
I Was a 'Top 5 Kidney Health Numbers' Virgin -- Then Nick Cannon Checked In. Nick Cannon's revelations about his health are timely. On World Kidney Day, March 8, free kidney screenings will be available to everyone in more than 20 cities across the country.
Why Procrastination Is Good for You. Some people are methodical by nature.  It makes them physically ill to leave things until right before the deadline. But if you're the type of person who likes the focused energy of just-in-time delivery, here are five ways to make procrastination work for you.
Blood Sugar Solution Challenge, Day 9. Learn more about the exact kinds of fats you need to lose weight and rebalance your blood sugar.
What Is Sleep? Harvard Professor Explains The Power Of Rest. As part of National Sleep Awareness Week, the National Sleep Foundation's annual campaign to remind people about the importance
The Benefits Of Living Alone (VIDEO). What about you? Do you live alone? Share your thoughts in the comments below. Healthy Living's Senior Editor Laura Schocker
Faster-Acting Experimental Antidepressants Show Promise. Meanwhile, Maura Furey of the National Institute of Mental Health and her colleagues are following up on the discovery that
Left Brain Hemisphere Also Plays Big Part In Creative Thinking, Study Shows. While undergoing the brain scans, the study participants looked at the shape of a circle, the shape of a C and the shape
Yoga Mirror. As my friend so wisely pointed out, who was I to judge what was excellence in my yoga practice?  My ego, the judge, was arrogant enough to think it knew better than my body what was right and good for me.
How This Moment Can Change the Rest of Your Life. Millions of people, including professionals in mental health, medicine, business, sports, and even politics have begun to integrate mindfulness into their lives. Why? We're a culture that believes in science, and the science is speaking.
The Roots of Beauty. Valued for thousands of years, aromatherapy is a holistic therapy that uses essential oils to improve one's health and psychological well-being. It is an art, which Robin Block has mastered.
Why Men Should Consider an Integrative Approach to Prostate Cancer (Part I). Early in 2010 I was diagnosed with prostate cancer -- at age 35. With no family history of cancer, I sought the opinions of top doctors in Houston and New York on how to treat my diagnosis.
Don't Feel Bad About Your Skin. By Jancee Dunn Thankfully, the eruptions were fewer by the time I got my first job after college, as a writer for \Rolling
The Neuroscience of Leadership. Leaders and leadership scholars of the future may be looking at the world in a whole new way -- with the brain firmly in mind. And the journey has really only just begun.
Why B\u00e9b\u00e9 Doesn't Have ADHD. How come the epidemic of ADHD -- which has established itself firmly in the United States -- has almost completely passed over children in France?
Attention Deficit Disorder Is Over-Diagnosed and Over-Treated. ADD has clearly become a public health problem. It is much less clear the degree to which the increased rates are real vs. being a manufactured fad.\u00a0We have no definitive way to give precise weights to the three options or to determine what is the true rate of ADD.
Cause of Death. The time has come to stop regarding addiction as a character flaw -- a personal and moral failing -- and to provide the treatment people suffering from the disease deserve, including long-term management for those with the chronic form of the disease, just as we do for hypertension or diabetes or cancer.
Become Conscious of When You're Out of Your Truth. Though these steps seem subtle, you can trust that they are igniting transformational shifts within you. Stay committed to this process and invite the energy of the universe to support your assignments and spiritual growth.
The Elder Care Blues. I do my best to keep things in perspective, acknowledging that Harriet is not in pain, that we are not talking about a major illness here -- no heart problems, no cancer, so much to be grateful for at 95. But even this -- a simple cataract operation -- is unbelievably stressful and complicated.
Astrology Now. This could be a surprising week wherein sudden news, ideas, or changes in circumstances alters your plans or thinking. Astrological aspects are signaling something new is emerging -- probably in an unexpected way!
Meat Is the New Tobacco. When I think about the effect of animal products on human health, I'm reminded of how quickly we've done a national about face on tobacco, and I look forward to the day when we have a similar apology from someone who promoted animal products.
Medicine, Museums and Spoons Full of Sugar. We need to know that we consume too much sugar and that it does us harm because, ostensibly, knowledge is power.  In that spirit, we in public health have cause to welcome some important new allies to the mission of advancing health through better nutrition
Quick Tips For Handling A Stressful Work Day. Finding healthy ways to manage your work stress each day can keep you going and make it less likely that you'll develop unhealthy habits.
The Life Out Loud. An abundance of research has emerged in the past few years about the health benefits of friendships. We now know that having a close-knit community helps us fight depression and illness, slows aging, promotes mental health and even leads to a longer life.
4 Ways to Organize Your Kitchen So You'll Eat Healthier. I admit, I am not an ultra-organized person. I try to be, but it's just not one of my strengths. However, I have learned that if I keep my kitchen organized a certain way, I am more likely to make healthy choices.
Discovery. Isn't there a saying that if one waits long enough, good things come to pass? When the timing is right, things fall into place?
Too Often, Doctors Overlook Narcolepsy. Clea Howard is hardly a tuned-out, disinterested high school student. She likes to be busy
8 Celebrities With Sleep Problems. While celebrities often seem immune to many of the health problems that plague us here in normal-town -- do they ever not
The 'Spot Reducing' Myth. Most people would love to drop weight in one or more particular body regions. Heck, wouldn\u2019t we all! From bouncing belly
Your Most Creative Time Of Day Is Not When You Think. But distraction is not all bad, and Wieth and Zacks have demonstrated that we can use our increased susceptibility to distraction
6 Easy Ways To Be Healthier At Work. Thankfully, you do not need to be at the gym to proactively take control of your health and fitness. In fact, six simple
Gel Manicures Raise Questions About Safety Of The UV Lamps Used To Dry The Polish. Gel manicure clients must sit with their hands under ultraviolet lamps for up to 10 minutes to cure, or dry, the polish. Those
Are All Knee Replacements Really Safe And Effective? Study Says Maybe Not. In the meantime, the researchers caution that even though doctors and patients often expect that the latest technologies
50 Bodyweight Exercises You Can Do Anywhere. Who needs a gym when there's the living room floor? Bodyweight exercises\u00a0are a simple, effective way to improve balance, flexibility
Victrelis And Incivek, Rival Hepatitis C Drugs, Both Work In HIV Patients, Studies Find. The trial results were reported in Seattle at the Conference on Retroviruses and Opportunistic Infections on Tuesday. According
Many People Are Afraid To Tell Their Doctors About Cancer Warning Signs, Survey Shows. In addition, the report showed that more than 25 percent of the people surveyed in the study would delay telling a doctor
Infidelity-Proof Your Relationship. A neglected, unhealthy sex life makes relationships more vulnerable to anger and resentment and is often cited as the primary motivation for infidelity. Unfortunately, you can't really cure an unhealthy sexual life without curing the aspects of the relationship that lead you to avoid intimacy.
Characteristics of Highly-Sensitive People. Many of our writers, creators, inventors, imaginaries, discoverers, and people who have contributed greatly to this world may fall in the category of highly sensitive. We need more of these people and we need to encourage them to unleash their potential.
How Love Lasts. I would think of love as C.S. Lewis did
9 Dental Issues You Share With Your Cats and Dogs. Pet tooth problems can be surprisingly similar to their owners' dental issues. Here are common dental issues you share with your cats and dogs, as well as ways to avoid them.
A Suicide by Any Other Name Is Still Suicide. The dictionary defines suicide as \the act of taking one's own life voluntarily and intentionally.\  The intent was clear in both cases. Both John and Mary wanted to end their lives as quickly as possible. Why did the method matter?
Love Strong. Tom Coughlin, coach of the 2012 XVLI Super Bowl champion New York Giants will go down in history for empowering his long shot team, not with a \come-on\ fist-pump but with an expression of effusive love during his Super Bowl-eve huddle.
Relaxing 101. By Ysolt Usigan for Shape.com These days, everyone is \stressed out.\ There isn't a week that goes by that you don't hear
9 Celebrities Who Got Fit Fighting. By Jen\u00e9 Luciani for Shape.com Click through the slideshow below to see the Hollywood hardbodies who toned and trimmed by
Starting Your Day the Right Way. We must take time for ourselves at the start of our day. This time will enable us to center ourselves and channel our focus. My morning routine consists of the following activities that give me a peaceful start to the day.
With a Grain of Salt -- 10 Skin-Loving Salt Tips and Tricks. Economical, powerful and readily available, salt is a perfect at-home spa treatment you can both afford and use to make potent products yourself. This cost-effective beauty wonder will not only save your skin and wallet but also eliminate waste from packaging and manufacturing when you buy in bulk and make your own.
'You're Not Meeting My Needs'. How did we get the idea that marriage is about the other person meeting our needs, or about our meeting the other person's needs?
Weight Loss Success. Name
9 New Lessons We've Learned About Sleep And Health. Today kicks off National Sleep Awareness Week, the annual campaign by the National Sleep Foundation that runs from March
Celebrate Leap Day, or Any Other Minor Holiday. One of the main themes of my happiness project is memory. Time is passing so quickly; I worry that I won't remember this time of life, what it's like to have children this age. Celebrating minor holidays is one way to make time stand out. Because this day was unusual, it's more memorable.
Generic Biotech Drugs Stymied By Slow, Costly Process. That discount is paltry compared with savings of up to 90 percent for traditional generic medicines sold at U.S. pharmacies
Blood Sugar Solution Challenge, Day 7. Find out why drinking your calories is such a problem and learn Dr. Hyman's number one tip for weight loss.
Hunger And Awareness. Highly desirable stimuli seem more likely than other information to find a fast track to our conscious awareness. Which is
Why Are Sweets a Particular Problem for Some Emotional Eaters?. Some emotional eaters specifically crave sweets. They will eat non-sweets if that is all that's available, but they prefer sweets when they have been triggered (or when beliefs drive them) to eat.
FDA To Decide By March 31 Whether BPA Should Be Banned In Food Packaging. BPA, an industrial chemical so ubiquitous it has been found in the urine of 93 percent of Americans, according to the Endocrine
'The Hunger Games' Star Jennifer Lawrence Not A Fan Of Exercise, People Who Like Exercise. \I hate saying, 'I like exercising.' I want to punch people who say that in the face,\ Lawrence tells Glamour in its new
Soul-Talk. Do you ever find yourself getting just a little irritated with people who can be so darned self-righteous?  You know the people I mean -- the ones who are so far beyond being right that there's just no room for anyone else to even have a thought on the subject?
Secrets to Leave the Couch Potato Body Behind. f years of not exercising are stacking up, this year is the time to break the cycle.  There is no reason that you have to be miserable about your body.
Iron In Foods. The Institute of Medicine recommends women ages 19 to 50 get 18 mg of iron a day (men need only 8 mg). Are you feeling weak
Whose Yoga Is it, Anyway? The Dispute Over Ashtanga. Sonia Jones, as she likes to be called, is devoted to yoga not for the reason most American devotees are\u2014the attainment of
Be More Assertive (And Feel Good About It). Somebody cuts in front of you in the grocery store line. You're irritated but don't say anything. Your friend asks you to
The Spiritual Upside to a Guru's Downfall. I'm aware that some traditions teach that gurus are unblemished, and that admiring the perfection in them is a way to glimpse God. But I personally go farther on my own spiritual path when I remember it's okay that I'm fallible, that wherever I am or whatever I've done is fine.
Blood Sugar Solution Challenge, Day 6. Do you know what happens to your metabolism when you eat too many of these \empty calories?\
Drugmaker Devising New Test For Dangerous Orthopedic Infections. More than 70,000 joint revisions are performed annually in the United States, with more than 15 percent of hip and 25 percent
Sleepy Transportation Workers Report 'Near Miss' Crashes. Dr. Stuart Quan, professor of sleep medicine at Harvard Medical School and senior physician at the division of sleep medicine
How To Fix Common Exercise Aches And Pains. By Jessica Smith for Shape.com Are your workouts causing pain? Click through the slideshow below for simple ways to fix those
Good Heart Habits In Young Adulthood Pay Off Later In Life. \In this study, even people with a family history of heart problems were able to have a low cardiovascular disease risk profile
STOP. As we intentionally practice and repeat having these experiences they get stored as implicit memories. These are the memories that influence our immediate snap judgments and decision making from moment-to-moment.
Your Essential Guide To Yoga. Find The Right Class The truth is, you can find a great instructor and class in a church basement, and a questionable one
How Hidden Food Sensitivities Make You Fat. No doubt, a severe food allergy is scary. But it's also relatively rare. A much more common scenario is an adult with a low-grade food allergy to say, gluten, who never pinpoints the cause of his misery.
Run With Your Dog. Source of original article
7 Reasons You Don't Need A Gym To Get In Shape. By Charlotte Andersen for Shape.com Your body is just as good as any fancy fitness machine. Here's why
Coffee And Health. After almost nine years, the researchers found that the people who drank four or more cups of coffee a day were at no higher
Knicks Report Trouble Sleeping. Kram suggested that the players struggling to sleep should skip video games or other stimulating activities in favor of listening
Blood Sugar Solution Challenge, Day 5. We live in a fat phobic culture. Yet everywhere we turn we are surrounded by fatty, oily snacks. Despite this 99% of us are fat deficient.
What Your Pet Says About You. I'm not convinced surveys that attempt to measure people, for whatever reason, by the type of pet they own or don't own are useful or even accurate. But they're certainly entertaining.
Super Soul Sunday. Rumi wrote, \Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.\ In this Sunday's new episode of \Breathing Space,\ this wisdom
Weight Loss Success. I discovered a way of losing weight after years of struggling and yo-yo dieting and now, I would like to help others do the
Suck It Up, You're Burning Fat!. Why is it that some days your motivation is high and it seems easy to get to the gym and eat healthy, and other days you have to fight yourself all day to stay on course?
The Most And Least Obese States In The U.S.. The national obesity rate dropped ever so slightly to 26.1 percent in 2011, from 26.6 percent last year, according to a new
Fit Links. Flickr photo by lululemon athletica You probably already know that going vegan can have some impressive health benefits. Cutting
Cold Sores. It seems like once a year or so I get around to doing a blog post on cold sores, so here's one for 2012. Specifically, today I want to talk about treating a cold sore, and whether it is better to let it dry out, or to keep it moist.
Casual Friends and Acquaintances Deserve Kindness, Too. For some reason, many of us act as if we have a finite supply of kindness, and we \save\ it for our partner, family, and closest friends. But the reality is that on a daily basis, we are more likely to spend time interacting with acquaintances -- the bus driver, the doorman, the bank teller, the custodian, the barista, our coworkers -- than with people who are closest to our heart.
Sleep Vacations, Away and at Home. Getting enough sleep on a regular basis is a key part of living a healthful life. So whether you're hitting up a five-star sleep hotel or giving yourself a sleep weekend at home, keep in mind that the ultimate goal is to bring more sleep into your daily life.
Intention, Attention and Manifestation. Pull back your attention from the object of the senses to the senses, and then to the source of mind. This journey within will you give you the strength and endurance to go through all the ups and downs of life.
10 Overhyped Health Products. By Leslie Quander Wooldridge for U.S. News Health You see these items on store shelves and on TV, but don't buy into the
Reverence Thyself First. While we may prefer roses over weeds, it doesn't mean one is more sacred than the other; the Divine imbues itself equally in all living things, which includes each of us. What value shall we place on all that our eyes gaze upon today?
Keeping Alcohol in the Spotlight. Cocaine, heroin and now prescription drugs continue to occupy the headlines -- as indeed they should -- but alcohol deserves the same attention.  Our nation's alcohol problem may not seem as scandalous, but it's just as serious.
Blood Sugar Solution Challenge, Day 4. Are you one of those people who love pickles, potato chips and Doritos? Find out why so many of us crave salt and how to break that addiction in this video.
Changing the Blame Game. A common problem that married couples encounter is what I call the \blame game.\ By the blame game, I am referring to fights in which each spouse insists on being right and that the other is wrong.
Prescription Painkillers. Sadly, these signs of becoming addicted to a prescription painkiller often go unnoticed. That is why it is important to monitor changes that take place after a painkiller is prescribed.
Can't Sleep? 7 Steps to the Land of Nod. Here are seven steps to help you get a good night's sleep, every night, without drugs.
5 Natural Ways To Beat Bloating. By Melissa Daly Felling puffy? Bloating caused by gas, irregularity or water retention can make even a tiny tummy become
Leg Exercises For Runners. Yes, it's pretty cold outside. But before you know it, it will be spring and you will be out and running again. In the event you've taken some time off from running, here are some exercises to get road ready.
What Dreams Say About Your Sleep. The other night I woke up at 3:37 am. I'd been dreaming about a mass murder in Barnes & Noble, staged by a woman with bright
Legacy Writing. We are always in some kind of transition of our ideas, in our personal lives, in our relationships, in the seasons of the year and in our country's public life and the world.
Sleep May Improve With Age, Study Shows. Sleep problems seemed to increase slightly in middle age, from around 40 to 59 years old -- particularly in women -- but
Learning Can Be Passive. Observation accelerates the learning process because our brains are able to map others\u2019 actions onto our own mental representations
Andrew Breitbart's Death Reminds Us To Pause, Honor Those We Have Lost. Too often when people pass, we\u2019re afraid to speak about the grief. As Judith Johnson, HuffPost blogger, explained in a 2010
Diversify Your Dreams. If you ever want to lie awake at night, go ahead and think about your \one thing\ -- the one thing you were born to do, the one career you were built to succeed at and the one person you were destined to spend the rest of your life with.
Blood Sugar Solution Challenge, Day 3. We are hardwired to love sweets. Use the four steps in this video to end sugar cravings once and for all.
The Best Is Yet to Come. I once had a friend who was so into instant gratification that in a restaurant, she sometimes ordered dessert first, so that she could fully enjoy it before she was full.
To Be Rare Or to Be Neglected. In terms of the science, it seems that \rare diseases\ are more likely to be neglected than so-called \neglected tropical diseases.\ Perhaps in terms of NTDs, it's not the diseases but the people who have been neglected?
Shift Your Focus From the Frame to the Content. This video is about shifting our focus from the frame to the content. When we focus on the truthful content of our life, miracles occur naturally.
Meditation, Relaxation And The Self-Help Demon. Somehow, we have convinced ourselves that we are so broken that a full-on 24/7 surge of endless, repetitive and unflagging attention to our failings -- or, if not our failings, to our \opportunities\ --  is called for.
Keys to Self-Acceptance. Self-criticism is pretty common.  After all, we are usually the world's number one experts on our own shortcomings.  If finding fault with ourselves was a virtue, most of us would be saints.
The One Thing Every Woman Needs To Know About Strength Training. Woman have all heard that high repetitions with lighter weights tones muscles, but is there a more effective way to get the results you desire?
Happily Ever After?. Happiness, when it comes from an external object, is always coming and going. And yet despite the fact that happiness is consistently inconsistent, permanently impermanent, we judge ourselves as failures when we cannot maintain consistent happiness.
Why You Should Break the Habit of Snap Judgments. Snap judgments are a form of positional thinking -- right/wrong, good/bad, desirable/undesirable.  Energetically, each time we make one of these judgments, we are either accepting or rejecting someone or something.
Airport Scanner Radiation Risks Are Minimal, Government Report Says. A new government report is urging the public not to worry about the safety of full-body X-ray machines at airports, saying
Does Cooking for One Mean Cooking for None?. Several of my friends live alone.  The reasons for their solitary lifestyles vary, but what most of them have in common is an almost total disinterest in cooking meals for themselves.
How to Work With the Power of Love. If you feel like you have been trying too hard to reach a luminous spiritual state it might be time to simply open and surrender to the creative force of the universe to experience the power of true unconditional love.
Heart Disease Around The World. Today marks the close of Heart Health Awareness Month, but that doesn't mean we should forget heart disease's toll for the
Rock, Paper, Scissors. This is a genuine inquiry into the nature of life, desire, suffering and happiness. I hope you will enjoy taking this philosophical journey with the three most neurotic, supposedly non-sentient beings in the universe.
Blood Sugar Solution Challenge, Day 2. We are all food addicts, but most of us don't know it. When making dietary changes, the first thing that always comes up is those horrible cravings ... usually for sugary, starchy, salty foods. These cravings are a sign of withdrawal. But you don't have to suffer.
Cancer Predicted To Kill 1.3 Million European Union Citizens This Year. Compared with confirmed deaths in 2007 - the latest year for which there are World Health Organization death rate data for
Looking Back on Valentine's Day. Valentine's Day -- the day of roses, heart-shaped boxes, and cupids with arrows -- is passing, which is symbolic because the age of equating love with roses, heart-shaped boxes, and cupids is passing.
Tim Barter, British Man, Has Dented Head Rebuilt With Stomach Fat At King's College Hospital (PHOTOS). Today, Barter is doing well and, interestingly enough, the 32-year-old has even taken to skydiving and rock climbing. But
Do Vibrating Platforms Really Work?. By Kelly Fitzpatrick This article has been read and approved by Greatist Experts Linda LaRue and Jen Cassetty. Full-on body
6 Steps to Change Your Life and Get What You Want. By Jen\u00e9 Luciani for Shape.com Ever wish you could see into the future and get a glimpse at what lies ahead? Well, some people
How Exercise Makes You Smarter. By Stephani Sutherland (Click here for the original article) The lifelong mental benefits of exercising have long been known
Cancer-Fighting Broccoli. Follow your mom's advice, and eat your broccoli! The root of it is in epigenetics, which is the term for how factors like
Sleeping Pills Risks. Research published in the journal BMJ Open shows that people who take 18 or fewer sleeping pills per year have a 3.5 times
Don't Overlook Your Scalp -- Common Scalp Conditions and Treatment Suggestions. Scalp conditions vary from simple (like dry, flaky scalp or scalp acne) to serious (an irregular mole, a rash). Here are a few scalp problems I have come across in my work as a hairstylist.
Why Yoga Is So Misunderstood. Anyone can be a teacher as long as we chose that person to guide us, which doesn't mean that person has practiced all of the teachings or is living a yogic life.
Being a Veteran Can Be Hazardous to Your Health. Veterans know that being in the military can be hazardous to their health. The risk of facing the enemy and putting their life on the line is something soldiers face regularly. It's the nature of \going to war.\ Yet, there are numerous other unknown risks that are not apparent until later in life.
Wisdom for the Road Ahead. \What is my life purpose?\ \What's the most important work for me right now?\ \How can my work reflect what I value?\ These big questions show up in different transitional seasons of life, as we squint into the future to determine how much time we have to pull it all together.
Jillian Michaels Talks Sleep, Workout Motivation And Body Confidence. When were you bullied? It didn't get really bad until I was in junior high. I was an overweight kid, and I went through a
Knowing Your Body. Over the years, I've seen the incredible benefits of placing awareness and positive attention on the vocal mechanism.  What we mentally attend to -- even in the physical realm -- responds. Is the same not true for the rest of my body?  For yours?
4 Yoga Back Benefits. The sensationalistic reports are excessively promoting isolated instances of yoga-related back injuries. Chronic back problems affect millions of Americans and is a top reason people seek out medical care. To balance the ongoing debate, here are four yoga back benefits.
When Good Grief Goes Bad. The very different experiences people  have during bereavement raise three diagnostic questions. Two are quite simple to answer, the third is extremely difficult.
Are Your Beliefs Making You Ill?. One of the best proofs that beliefs have a powerful impact on our health has existed for years right under the noses of every physician in the world
CyberKnife? 5 Questions on Prostate Cancer With Dr. Jonathan Haas. A cancer diagnosis can be a scary thing -- I know, I've been there -- but knowledge helps reduce the level of anxiety, especially when it comes to considering treatment options. Below are five questions with Dr. Haas, chief of Winthrop-University Hospital's radiation oncology division.
The Many Faces of Fear and How to Deal With Them. We've all heard the phrase \life is suffering.\ Unfortunately, some people misinterpret this to mean there is nothing they can do about their unhappiness.
It's Brutal Honesty Time. For years I've written, spoke, taught and trained about the importance of understanding one's self-worth. I even coined the phrase that self-worth is one element of the equation that makes for self-esteem
Kombucha Tea. When friends ask me if kombucha is really good for you, I say with great confidence
The Happiest (And Unhappiest) States In The U.S.. The nation in general scored a 66.2 in 2011 on the 0-to-100 scale, which is down a little bit from 2010, when the score was
School Shootings And PTSD. Many students wrestle with guilt about whether they could have stopped the shooting or done more to save a friend or peer
Heart Health Month. At first, I thought it was first-date jitters. I was a young, single mom at a nice restaurant with a guy I really liked. I was both excited and anxious, and I got a new outfit and got my hair done. But while we waited for our table, my excitement turned into something more.
Allure Of Qnexa. A Senate appropriations committee has directed the FDA to provide a report by the end of March on how it plans to support
Coconut Oil. Whether you are an athlete, dieter, or have trouble digesting dairy or fats, coconut oil might just become your new best friend -- it can be readily digested more than other oils.
O'Malley's Lips Sealed on Final Blog. A microbe attacked the lining of my heart once.  In the ER, I asked the cardiologist if I was going to die.  He never answered, he just sent the living will people in.
What Doctors Don't Understand About Anesthesia. By Carl June (Click here for the original article) Today anesthetics are considered as routine as a trip to the dentist. They
Pills Just As Good As Stents For Stable Heart Patients, Analysis Finds. Still, some doctors were not satisfied. \The result showed quite clearly there was no benefit of stenting as far as reducing
How Apologizing Makes You More Powerful. Refusing to say, \I'm sorry, I was wrong\ leaves you powerless because you can't change anything. It alienates you from other people and keeps you trapped inside the conflict forever. But when you say, \I'm sorry, I was wrong,\ you give yourself the power to change.
Blood Sugar Solution Challenge, Day 1. Think weight loss is a simple matter of arithmetic? Calories in, calories out. That's what we're all told right?
Diabetes, Memory Loss Warnings Added To Popular Statin Drugs. \There are some buzzwords that tend to scare the lay public. This is not a cancer warning,\ he said. Statins have been shown
Weight Loss Success. From the very beginning I promised myself that I wasn't going to starve and that I wasn't going to diet, nor cut out my favorite
Who Suffers More. To help reduce your distress the next time your loved one is distressed, try to remain aware that people with dementia live only in the present. That way you can end your suffering as quickly as your loved one does, and then you can both move on to something more pleasant.
Why Do Cancer Patients Die From Blood Clots?. If you are a cancer patient you certainly don't expect to die from a blood clot. You usually expect to die from the cancer itself.
The Mental Spider That Claims to Be Us. Like a spider weaving a web, our logical, analytical, predictive, problem-solving mind continuously creates a story of our lives, who we are, what we are like, what will happen to us, and why. As the story grows, it can become impenetrable and self-sustaining.
Non-Invasive Tests for Down Syndrome Are Here -- Now What?. Science can be as dramatic as television, and in the 15 years since fetal DNA was first extracted from maternal serum, the quest to develop a reliable, non-invasive test for Down syndrome and other chromosomal abnormalities has at times resembled a soap opera.
Soul-Talk. True courage takes many forms, few of them characterized by bravado and none of them insensitive or unkind.  That doesn't mean true courage can't appear to be insensitive or unkind
Being an Original in a Copycat World Is Easier Than You Think. Today, give some thought to what an amazing thing it is to have been given the gift of life with which to be a unique and beautiful expression of the divine. Don't dishonor the gift by trying to be like anyone else.
Sleep Stages. We do know that these different functions seem to take place during different phases of the night, although there's no one
Leap Year Lesson. Creating an accurate and practical calendar is an astonishingly complicated challenge, which has plagued our calendrical tendencies since people first attempted to create some logical and consistent order for themselves from a universe that can be so chaotic and confusing in its complexity.
It's Not About the To Do List. Living life in fast forward mode means that truly important things don't happen. They get lost in the shuffle.  So, what's missing for you? You know the answer better than anyone.
Rosemary Brain Benefit. \This compound is present in rosemary but has not previously been demonstrated to be absorbed into blood plasma in humans
The Powerful Health Benefits Of Chia Seeds. You may hear the word \u201cchia\u201d and think terra-cotta Homer Simpson heads sprouting green hair. But the seeds of that plant
Omega-3 Skimping May Result In Memory Problems. In addition, participants in the bottom quartile of overall omega-3 levels performed worse on tests measuring visual memory
Food Safety. Every year, 76 million Americans get sick from food, according to the Centers for Disease Control. Nothing you can do will ever guarantee 100 percent protection against food-borne illness, but taking certain precautions can help reduce your risk.
What Do You Conform To?. Conforming has gotten a bad rap of late. Well, not really of late. More like of the last few hundred years.
Allowing the Time to Heal. When you are both patient and healer, remember to be patient and allow time -- time to listen and time to distance and, finally, time to heal.
Pharmageddon. There is a solution to our obesity epidemic. But it is not at the bottom of a pill bottle. It is at the end of our forks. It is simply more effective than any medication and works better, faster, and cheaper, not just as prevention, but also as treatment for what ails us in the 21st century.
Wacky Salt-to-Potassium Ratio Doubles Heart Disease Deaths. A diet too high in salt and too low in potassium doubles the risk of death from heart disease, according to a Center for Disease Control study led by researcher Elena V. Kuklina, M.D., Ph.D., a nutritional epidemiologist.
Picture Perfect Pets. Got a top dog that you can't help but want to show off to the rest of the world? Celebrate your prized pooch with other HuffPost
How to Be Happy. Be responsible for your happiness, differentiate between feeling good and being happy, be great at what you do every day and then take the time to analyze where you are from time to time, and you will increase your happiness.
Prochieve, Premature Birth Drug, Rejected By FDA. Preterm birth affects 10 percent to 12 percent of all pregnancies in the United States, and babies born early have a higher
Can the 'Free Fruit' on the Weight Watchers Plan Satisfy a Carbohydrate Craver?. To the delight of many dieters and to the surprise of many, the Weight Watchers organization recently changed their program to allow dieters to eat as much fruit as they wish by removing \points\ from this food group.
Calling in Crazy. Throughout our lives, we travel a health-to-illness continuum, always seeking a return to wellbeing.  While we acknowledge the physical realities of this continuum, it's harder to accept the emotional, cognitive and behavioral aspects.
Trauma and Adversity in Childhood. The health of our youth, today and into their futures, can be protected. We can prevent the diseases and disabilities that result from childhood adversity and trauma.
Rooted in Fear. There is fear of just about everything. People are even afraid of being too happy. In different human beings, fear is at different levels. In some, fear is very apparent. In others, it is subdued and hidden, but it is there. So, what is the basis of fear?
Can Organic Food Reverse Cancer?. Cancer shows up in a toxic body.  So to clean up, nourish and encourage it to work properly still seems completely logical to me.
What's Great About Grapefruit. By Leslie Barrie Yes, grapefruit really does curb hunger. And that's just one of its many benefits.
Join Me on the 30-Day Blood Sugar Solution Challenge. With the launch of The Blood Sugar Solution I have created this special 30-day Blood Sugar Solution Challenge for readers of The Huffington Post. I would like to extend a personal invitation for you to join me on this challenge starting today.
Some Patients With LeRoy Mystery Illness Are Getting Better. \I can tell you that they are testing positive for, each one is testing positive either for streptococcas or mycoplasma, which
Should I Give Up Me to Not Lose You?. How far can you afford to bend your values to preserve your relationship? How far can you go in giving yourself up to avoid losing your partner? Most relationships require us to bend to a certain extent, but how much can we bend without a loss of self? There is an inherent paradox in these questions.
Omega 3's. Most of these vegetarian sources, I should note, are made up of a type of omega-3 fatty acid known as alpha-linolenic acid
Celebrities Who Love Yoga. Yoga, one of the world's oldest practices, has become a catch-fire fad over the past decade -- one that is still burning
Are You Connecting?. This month my theme is authenticity. In my weekly vlogs, I will heighten your awareness of how deeply you connect to your inner guidance system. I invite you to ask yourself, \How deeply am I connecting?\
Medicare Covers Yoga For Heart Disease. Medicare, the government health insurance program for Americans 65 and older, covers the Ornish program, which teaches a
Why Healthy Eating And Getting Fit Really Are Mental. This theory could feasibly be applied to our eating and exercise habits as well. Besides brain-training games, you can also
World Yoga Day 2012. \u201cSupported by other treatment modalities, yoga can be an effective method for increasing self-awareness, reflection and the
Cabernet, Petit Syrah & Pinot Noir Top Wines for Heart -- Day 26. Cabernet Sauvignon, followed closely by Petit Syrah and Pinot Noir are the red wines which contain the highest concentration of flavonoids, according to researchers at the University of California at Davis.
Why You Shouldn't Eat Carbs After Exercise. You know the saying \u201cYou are what you eat?\u201d Well, it rings true for everyday eats\u2014and even more so for post-workout noshes
2012 Oscars. The Oscars aren't only about which actress will win and what she's wearing. The actors and actresses nominated for the 2012
World Yoga Day. In honor of World Yoga Day, we asked friends and fellow HuffPost editors to submit photos of themselves or their loved ones
Flavonoids, Antioxidants Found In Citrus, Tied With Lower Stroke Risk. Past research has shown that flavonoids -- which are also found in leafy greens and yellow, orange and red-colored fruits
Achieving Balance With Ayurveda. Ayurveda is the study of life. Ayur is life and Ved means to know. According to Ayurveda, life or existence is not a rigid compartment, but a harmonious flow.  Even the five elements of which the whole universe is made of are not tight compartments of defined objects.  They flow into one another.
Should Women Take Calcium and Vitamin D or Not?. One of my patients recently brought in a mainstream magazine piece that cited an article from a medical journal regarding calcium increasing risk for heart attacks.
Navigating the Oscar Party. The Academy Awards are the female version of the NCAA Final Four. There's no better excuse for a little gal-pal get together, but spending time with the girls can be a double-edged sword.
Dancing with the Stars Feb. 25th. On February 25th from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. thousands will be flash dancing for their health.
4 Healthy Games To Play With Your Cat. So how do you play with your cat? Miller identifies four feline-preferred game styles and the best times to play
Super Soul Sunday. Two people can have the same experience, and yet each can perceive it so differently from the other. So today, if you will
Astrology Now. Instead of trying to hold on to the way it used to be, especially in your relationships, allow yourself to try something new. What would you like?  No need to fight --  just ask for what you want and see what happens.
Study. We intuitively know that sleep is important, and a great deal of research on the health effects of sleeplessness backs up
First Quadruple Limb Transplant Performed In Turkey (VIDEO). The news service also reports the limbs were taken from a 40-year-old patient who was pronounced brain dead days after being
How Toxins Make You Fat. Don't let the word detoxification turn you off. You may think it sounds like a New Age idea or something from celebs in Hollywood on the heels of an alcohol or drug binge, but detoxification is a normal, everyday function. It's the body's way of breaking down and eliminating anything that doesn't belong.
Super Soul Sunday. This experience has taught me that happiness can be achieved indirectly. When I'm really frustrated with the world, nothing's going my way, and plans are falling apart, that's the moment I stop and look for a way to do something for someone else.
Winter Weather Forecast. The first day of spring is less than a month away -- and winter just decided to show up! It's been a wildly warm winter across
Weight Loss Success. Then I found a new love in my life that I never thought would happen
Healthy for 100 Years. One of us is a 100-year-old physician who has been in an ongoing research study since 1917, and the other is a baby-boomer health researcher who has been heavily involved in conducting that remarkable study.
How to Maintain Your 'AAA Rating'. To live a life that enables you to flourish, I encourage you to make the effort to be the best version of you that you can be. And know that with heightened awareness, an attitude that focuses on being upbeat, and actions that are disciplined by self rigor, you will experience yourself as being the person that you are truly proud of.
Running On Empty. The scale reads 158.2. Up a pound from yesterday. And after a run, no less. Son of a bitch. I step into the shower and scrub
New York Man 'Grows' Six Inches Taller Through Surgery. At five foot, six inches, Apotheosis was shorter than the average American male and very unhappy about it. So he did something
5 Ways to Think About Personality Types. If you pay someone to advise you on changing careers these days, the very first thing they'll likely do is administer a personality test to see what career paths you're suited to. So, how should we think about personality types?
The Story of Crazy Legs. Today, my late first husband's memory is like particles of dust in the air.  He's with us in the most minute ways even when we aren't consciously remembering him. And that's true for all lost loved ones. We can trust that they breathe inside us as memories.
Which State Is The Sleepiest?. University of Pennsylvania researchers have it all mapped out. \We should begin to use this data to track patterns of poor
Lower the Pressure. Remind yourself that you can act in competent, honorable and successful ways even when there is no sense of pressure.
Mirror Mirror on the Wall. Being a female in 21st-century America, and being in my 50s, I can honestly say in the spirit of \been there, done that\ that there is nothing I fail to understand about hacking oneself to pieces with an overly critical eye.
Careful What You Think. My sense is that slowly but surely, more people are understanding the principle of taking more responsibility for their health, even though they may not put it into practice as much as they would like.
Fit Links. There are hundreds of wonderful sites on healthy living to be seen all over the blogosphere. Here at Fit Links, we'll introduce
The Best Organic Travel Snacks. Maya Rodale is the author of numerous historical romance novels. She lives in New York City with a rogue of her own and their
World Of Warcraft Helps Older People With Cognitive Skills, Study Says. TG Daily and other outlets have discovered a study in the journal Computers in Human Behavior that found older adults who
Oscar Psychology. From the Oscar's red carpet to the tabloids lining supermarket checkout lines, celebrity obsession is everywhere. Even the
Toasted Skin Syndrome. Heated seats in your car may be a godsend in the dead of winter, but two new studies show that they could also pose a risk
Homeopathic St. John's Wort. Popular herbal preparations of St. John's Wort have become an excellent first line of defense in mild depression for those concerned about pharmaceutical side effects. But did you know that a diluted homeopathic form of St. John's Wort is highly useful for a wide variety of additional health-related problems?
Qnexa. FDA approval of Qnexa will represent a rather desperate measure at a desperate time for desperate individuals of a desperate society.  So be it.  But our desperate need to address this problem decisively is long overdue and should be the mother of far better invention than this.
What Keeps Me Writing (The Beach, and a Book). I once dreamed of being a war journalist, a guy who dodged bombs in Beirut, barely avoiding capture. Or I could have been a Washington D.C. guy, shouting questions over the tired press corps, showing them how much better -- or louder -- I was than the rest of them.
Door-to-Balloon Time Shorter With EMT Diagnosis. Hospitals and Emergency Medical Technicians (EMTs) have been implementing strategies to decrease door-to-balloon (D2B) time. Not familiar with D2B?  It's the term for the time it takes to get a heart attack victim to the hospital for a cardiac angioplasty procedure (heart cath).
The Oscars of Eating. Do you love watching the Oscars?  In honor of award season, I'd like to give 12 awards for the best, research, tools and media on healthy eating and body image.
6 Hydrating Foods. In fact, fruits and vegetables are composed of 90 percent water, said Roberta Anding, a spokesperson for the Academy of Nutrition
Do You Need a Resolution Redo? Tips to Keep You on Track. Our old habits are hard to break because most of us are not aware of them. So, the tips that follow will focus on making you aware and conscious so you can change what you want at the time and make it stick.
Gluten-Free Eaters Tweet. According to the latest research, 1 percent of Americans suffer from celiac disease, with up to 10 percent suffering from
iHeal. By Cassie Rodenberg (Click here for the original article) Goodbye AA, hello smartphone? University of Massachusetts and MIT
Antipsychotics May Raise Death Risk In Some Dementia Patients. Some antipsychotic medication may increase the risk of death in patients with dementia more than others, according to US
Getting More From Everyday. Through my mindfulness practice, I've had a glimpse at living authentically, but have yet to make that my permanent expression.
Minimalist Running. What's with all the minimalist running paraphernalia out there these days, and what do we make of it all?
Weight Loss Master. This is my ongoing series on people who have lost weight successfully and are keeping it off.
Nursing Home Placement for Alzheimer's Patients -- It Can Be the Most Loving Choice. When you reach the point where you're physically worn out and emotionally spent the majority of the time, stop and give some serious consideration to placing your loved one in a high-quality long-term care facility. It isn't a copout. It can be by far the most loving course of action.
The Yin and Yang of Psychiatric Diagnoses. The question of how far to cast the net in diagnosing Asperger syndrome -- with the advantages and disadvantages to be found on both sides of rounding up more or less people -- will never, can never, disappear.
Paula Deen. If only the message from the media about Paula Deen had been \We're all eating too much sugar!\ Instead, a perfectly good teaching moment was wasted in a sea of inanities about the \dangers\ of eating fat.
What Does Food Have to Do With Fashion?. If you know more about seasonal fashion trends than seasonal food options, or spend more time in the morning thinking about what you're going to wear rather than what you're going to eat, listen up.
Your Sleep Problem, Solved. If you're not getting enough shut eye, why not head to your kitchen cabinet rather than your medicine cabinet? You'll be surprised how just a few tweaks to your diet can help you get your Zs.
Is Fasting Good For Your Heart? American Heart Month. Eat fat and stay fit? Seriously?  Yes, according to  Dr. Alan Goldhamer who explored the idea of fasting as a medicine.
The Real Cost of Delaying Your Health Care. The cure for procrastination is action. Patients seeking care closer to home need only call their local doctor or clinic to stop postponing and start acting to promote their health and well-being.
Portkeys to Inner Peace. It's tempting to think that you need the tropical beach, the hammock by the lake, the walk in the woods, the yoga retreat or the special meditation cushion in order to feel the \ahhhhh\ of inner peace. We all have certain props or places that we use to jump start that special sensation of anchored contentment.
The Most Sleep-Deprived And The Most Well-Rested Jobs. Some of the worst offenders are occupations you might expect to see on a list like this. We know, for instance, that shift
Four Foods High In Vitamin D For Healthier Skin. That's because research shows the majority of Americans have much lower levels of vitamin D than is recommended thanks to
Zombie Apocalypse! An IPhone App Keeps You Running For Your Life. It\u2019s a zombie apocalypse and only you can save the world from ruin. Sounds like the plot of a hot new video game, right? It\u2019s
Readers Inflamed. The crux of the matter is that cardiovascular disease (CVD) is increasingly thought of as an inflammation rather than a traditional \disease.\  Your age, gender, personal risk factors, and what you eat make a difference in when, and if, you develop this type of inflammation.
Oh Yoga! I Know That Change Is Gonna Come. We do need external teachers for a while to guide, teach and hone our understanding and skills. But, at some point, all a teacher can do is lead us inward. Like a big cosmic U-turn, the guru is ultimately only trying to lead us home.
The History Of A Good Night's Sleep. We often worry about lying awake in the middle of the night -- but it could be good for you. A growing body of evidence from
Aclidinium Bromide, COPD Drug, Backed By FDA Panel. Panelists said the lung helped patients breathe, but called for the company to do post-approval studies to test safety because
If You Want to Lose Weight, Calm Down -- 10 Stress-Management Strategies. If you want to lose weight or avoid weight gain, one step is to get a handle on your stress. Sounds good, but what do you do when you're facing a really difficult problem and it's stressing you out? Here are some simple ways to manage the stress, calm down, and turn your fat-burning machine back on.
The End of Mental Health -- And Why That's Good. The idea of mental health -- as we know it -- has reached a dead end. It doesn't describe much of anything relevant to people's lives today.
6 Common Dental Mistakes. Dental health is relatively simple, right? You brush, you floss, you repeat. Well, yes and no. While the general guidelines
New Study Casts Doubt On Deadliness Of Bird Flu. In the new paper, Palese's team revisited the calculation of the \case fatality rate\ of H5N1, which equals the number of
Put Away That Blender -- Feed Your Baby Real Solids. There is no reason why modern technological advances need to get in the way of what our prehistoric ancestors have been doing all along.  Let your baby choose the foods that nature intended for them to eat in the first place.
Colonoscopy Cuts Colon Cancer Deaths, Study Finds. But colonoscopy uncovered twice as many advanced adenomas, about 2 percent of the sample versus 1 percent. In theory, adenoma
Make a Date With Your Heart. The best way I know to get your heart in better shape is to keep in mind your heart is a muscle.  To make that muscle stronger and more powerful you have to work it and fight for it.  There are tremendous benefits from exercise that are too long to list. However, some still think that exercising is like a chore, so I'd rather call it being more active.
New Study. A new study reveals that the spread of cancer may be reduced with common over-the-counter drugs.
Xanax Facts and Whitney Houston. Reports that Xanax and other benzos are not usually lethal when taken alone are vastly misleading. Xanax is rarely taken alone. Why? Because as much or more than any other prescribed drug, Xanax causes medication spellbinding.
Living in the Moment for Everlasting Love. Each moment in time of pure presence, of fully experiencing all your senses, of being in the here and now, is all there is. And moment by moment, we are in the process of creating the future of everlasting love.
The Elder Care Blues. Many of the thoughts that float before me belong to my mother. I tentatively hand them back to her, further creating a space for me to explore my thoughts and my feelings.
10 Ways To Help A Friend With Cancer. If it takes a village to raise a child, you might say it also takes one to care for the sick. Cancer is at once personal and communal. And yet, caring for the sick can feel like writing a travelogue about a country you've never visited. You can't know where you haven't been.
Can Exercise Help Treat Addiction?. Studies also show exercise can reduce stress, because galanin (a chemical found in the brain during exercise) seems to diminish
Living Transformation. Humanity is already moving into a new paradigm, even as we are standing in the rubble of the old one's demise.  In this moment of time, when the chaos and disarray are still mounting and we cannot yet see the formation of what will follow, we can wring our hands and fall into fear, which is how the old domination model has maintained control throughout human history.
Brain's Gray Matter Linked With Susceptibility To Peer Pressure. \Our results show that social conformation is, at least in part, hard-wired in the structure of the brain,\ study researcher
Obese People Have Higher Rates Of Daily Pain, Survey Shows. Researchers found that even after accounting for diseases that may cause daily pain, the link between pain and obesity still
New Breast Cancer Gene Discovered. Scientists have identified a new gene that may increase the risk of breast cancer, according to a new study from Finland
'Just A Little Heart Attack'. Heart disease kills more American women than all forms of cancer combined, according to the American Heart Association. To
The Moment You Missed at the Super Bowl. An elementary schooler got to participate in the biggest sports event in America through Fuel Up to Play 60, a program that uses the star-power of NFL players to get kids excited about exercise.
Filthy Surgical Instruments. It seemed simple enough at the time. In 2009, John Harrison, a 63-year-old oil industry sales manager in Mission, Texas, had
QUIZ. Sickness levels are continuing to rise. California has reported the most widespread flu activity so far, with other Western
Blue-Skinned People Of Kentucky Reveal Today's Genetic Lesson. In an unusual story that involves both genetics and geography, an entire family from isolated Appalachia was tinged blue
Which Is More Important, Sleep Or Exercise?. Is it healthier to get six hours of sleep plus a workout, or just eight hours of sleep with no workout? #dailyDilemma\u00a0-- acohenNY
The Social Network Diet. Habits are hard to change. But when your environment changes, so do your habits. The point is this
Raw Milk Causes More Dairy-Related Illness Than Pasteurized. The nonprofit Weston A. Price Foundation, which advocates for raw milk, said that the findings should be taken with a grain
Qnexa Proponents Ask U.S. Experts To Back The Obesity Drug. The FDA usually follows panel recommendations, although it is not required to. It will make a final decision by April 17
Synthetic Marijuana. What can be done to reduce synthetic drug abuse, of K2 and many other dangerous drugs, is not simply legislation or enforcement. It is education, public awareness and early intervention.
Estrogen and Cognitive Function. I recently got a letter from a reader asking whether a hysterectomy was the only way to eliminate complications she was experiencing as a result of hormone therapy.
How to Be Amazing When You Suck at Everything. I did some reevaluating of my life and realized that the reason I was failing at everything I touched was because it wasn't in my destiny to do them. So I made the decision to live my life according to what was going to make ME the happiest.
So You Think You Want to Lose Weight? Trust Me. Whenever a client expresses to me that they want to lose weight, I always say to them, \No, you don't -- what you really want is to thin out the layer of fat that is sitting on top of your muscle, and add more muscle to your body.\ Yes, all that. Let me explain.
How To Find The Best Doctors. \Finding a doctor before you get sick is especially important now that more insurance plans are requiring that PCPs serve
Smoking Wipes Out Healthy Mouth Bacteria. By Christopher Intagliata (Click here for the original article and podcast) It's no secret cigarettes can yellow your teeth
Unsaturated Fat Tuesday (aka Mardi Gras). Some fats promote good health, some don't. The Mayo Clinic recommends you enjoy good fats -- in moderation. But today you eat. Tomorrow, Ash Wednesday, you fast -- and moderation blows.
Are All Addictions Created Equal?. So, are all addictions created equal?  In my opinion; yes, if one continues down the path of destruction not only toward themselves but the family and friends around them.
Soul-Talk. Surely you have had someone give you a half-hearted apology that left you feeling cold inside. In fact, haven't you been the one giving that \I'm-kind-of-sort-of-sorry\ apology yourself?
FDA Acts To Stem Shortages Of Cancer Drugs Doxil And Methotrexate. Doxil, a cancer drug from Johnson & Johnson, has been in persistent short supply since manufacturing problems surfaced at
Lady Gaga's Yoga Teacher on America's Addiction to Being Skinny. Tricia Donegan, the owner and director of New York's Bikram Yoga Lower East Side, stepped out of her hot yoga studio once again to answer her \celly,\ as she calls her cell phone, and a few questions about how to end America's addiction to being skinny.
The Point of Authentic Inquiry. There is a point that appears in a lifetime, regardless of chronological age, when healthy, true doubt appears. We doubt what we have been taught, and we doubt what others insist we must believe. This is the point at which true spiritual inquiry can begin.
Gluten Sensitivity Elimination Diet Not Always Warranted, Study Says. There\u2019s no denying that gluten-free eating is in the zeitgeist. Gluten-free pizza, cupcakes and pasta are all the rage and
My Pastel Journey to Conscious Living and Eating. It's through cooking that I have learned what exactly I can offer to people in the form of healing and how it all stems from me and what I have to offer to myself, deep within my soul.
40:20 Vision. I realized that it's only now that I can enjoy yoga every now and then without feeling pressure to do it \right.\ It got me thinking that yoga is truly a metaphor for getting older. As you age, you stop caring what other people think.
5 Sneaky Supermarket Labeling Tricks. by guest blogger Tyler Graham, coauthor of The Happiness Diet Tyler Graham is the coauthor of The Happiness Diet. Previously
Heart Attack Symptoms, Outcomes Often Different In Women. Overall, 35 percent of the heart attack patients in the registry did not present the typical symptoms of chest pain and discomfort
Obesity Rates In Developed Countries Are Rising. \(These people) will die early, and send healthcare costs ever higher,\ the report's authors wrote. This report, which the
Are You Aggressive or Assertive? Frantic or Focused?. Are you aggressive or assertive? They might seem like the same thing, but they're not.
60 Lives, 30 Kidneys, All Linked. What made the domino chain of 60 operations possible was the willingness of a Good Samaritan, Mr. Ruzzamenti, to give the
It's Not Too Late To Become A Yoga Believer. After reading my colleague William J. Broad's new book, \The Science of Yoga,\ and observing a class at my local Y, I see
Chilean Avocado Could Combat Antibiotic-Resistant Bacteria, Study Suggests. The Chilean avocado may have a role in the fight against antibiotic resistance, a new study suggests. The avocado works in
Swedish Hospital Places Ad Seeking 'Hot' Nurses. Andersson told The Local that the hospital is ultimately seeking a qualified candidate and the right person will be hired
Four Reasons Why Prevention Is Acutely, and Perennially, in Peril. As I write this, the Prevention Fund is about to undergo -- or has just undergone -- a $5 billion amputation. For those of us dedicated to disease prevention and health promotion, this is a very cruel cut indeed.
6 Reasons We Ignore The Doctor's Advice (And Why We Shouldn't). Other women feel like a doctor's visit is the equivalent of a death sentence. \This is also silly,\ Dweck says, \because
Weight Loss Success. How I Gained It
After Heart Attack 42 Percent of Women Will Die; 24 Percent of Men. I really don't know how I could have missed the fact that within one year of having a heart attack, 42 percent of women will die and 24 percent of men. See for yourself at the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services statistics website.
Fragmented Sleep, Fragmented Personality?. Maybe Sybil just needed a good night's sleep. Multiple personality disorder is a rare and extreme form of what psychiatrists
Presidents Day. It's a rare gift to have a day off from work. According to the American Time Use Survey, employed Americans work an average
Art Of Attention. I love the methodology of Anusara yoga.  Even though I resigned my certification those months ago as a means of separating from the aspects for which I don't stand, now I stand for forgiveness.
Why Our Unconscious Rules Us and What to Do About It. One of the common denominators of people who enter therapy is the feeling of being \stuck\ in some way. Often there is the feeling of not being able to break out of a set of behaviors, feelings or thoughts. People know \it should be different,\ but can't seem to get things to really change for themselves.
States Move To Pull Plug On Teen Tanning Bed Use. Melanoma rates have been rising for the past three decades, the American Cancer Society says. Recent data by the cancer institute
Balance Yourself, Not Work and Life. Learning to live mindfully and to focus on hope and compassion will help you to ward off stress and balance yourself.
Married to a Veteran. Everyone returns changed from a combat deployment. Spouses of combat soldiers frequently report their partner is typically less communicative, more emotionally distant, socially isolated, irritable, and more reactive. They generally report that the honeymoon period after coming home may have lasted three days, perhaps even a couple of weeks before the difficulties began.
13 Things You Should Know About The Stomach Flu. By Anne Harding Ugh, what could be worse than a stomach bug? The vomiting, diarrhea, stomach cramps and more. Despite the
Nicholson Crying? Post-Heart Attack Depression -- Heart Month. Actor Jack Nicholson realistically acted the post-heart attack depression that 50 percent of survivors experience following a heart attack. His character experiences an unusual (for him) emotional moment in Nancy Meyer's 2003 comedy \Something's Gotta Give\ with Diane Keaton.
Aisha Tyler And Elizabeth Rohm On Heart Health (VIDEO). Still need more convincing to protect yourself against the number-one killer of women in the United States? Watch the video
How to Make a Home Gym. What are you waiting for? Why wait until you can get to the gym or afford a gym membership to exercise? Get started now with your own home gym.
7 Superfoods That Help Improve Cholesterol. Though your genes determine how much cholesterol your body produces naturally, your diet plays a role too. If you're worried about your cholesterol, aim to eat less saturated fat and more fruits and vegetables. Add these foods to your diet, too.
Three Hidden Ways Wheat Makes You Fat. My personal hope is that together we can create a national conversation about a real, practical solution for the prevention, treatment, and reversal of our obesity, diabetes and chronic disease epidemic.  Getting off wheat may just be an important step.
Ask The Celebrity Trainer. Workout Schedule 4
Quitting Smoking Harder for Poor -- American Heart Month. \Quitting smoking is the single most important step smokers can take to improve their health,\ according to Dr. Norman Edelman, chief medical officer of the American Lung Association.
To Be Happier, Write Your Own Set of Personal Commandments. Each person's list will differ. One person's commandment is to \Say yes,\ another person's commandment is to \Say no.\ You need to think about yourself, your values, your strengths and weaknesses, your interests.
How to Create Harmony Out of Uncertainty. As we develop greater strength of character, we're able to face the unknown and to create new possibilities for ourselves. We begin to learn to detach and to recognize the cycles and the patterns that are always evolving within us and around us.
Weight Loss Success. In November of 2005, I picked up our second daughter, born in August of that year, and collapsed to my knees, unable to move
Ancient Dog Buried With His Bone. Anthropologists who have reviewed these prehistoric dog findings believe the remains show clearly dogs were being domesticated by humans thousands of years earlier than previously thought. It's fascinating to know prehistoric man teamed up with prehistoric dogs and viewed them not only as beasts of burden, but also as cherished companions.
Alzheimer's and Psychoactive Medications -- A Controversial Decision for Caregivers. Many people refuse to even consider having their loved on put on any psychotropic medication for any reason.  And that's understandable. But today's medications, which can be given in doses that don't overly sedate patients, can also be effective and improve a patient's overall quality of life.
Part II. It was not a great surprise that the FDA's new cephalosporin livestock rules have the Agribusiness Seal of Approval. It was Big Pharma and Agribusiness lobbying that killed its stronger cephalosporin rules issued four years after.
Death and Dying Series Part Four. For most of us, being around dying and death evokes a visceral response of fear and avoidance.  We basically view life as good and death as bad. Our fear makes us contract and respond in fight or flight or freeze mode.
Fast Food the Healthy Way. It is possible to eat fast food (very occasionally) and still keep it healthy. These are splurges, but not outrageous ones. No matter your lifestyle, job scenario or wallet, you can eat well.
Thoughts on Mobility. When I asked a young friend for an image when I said the word \mobility,\ he said, \wheels.\  I thought, \What a descriptive image for that word.\
A Forgotten Watch Is a Timeless Gift. Funny, isn't it, that part of me was ruing the day for wasting time when really I have things to do. I might have lost productivity but I found much more. Where are you in time today?
Deadly Bird Flu Studies To Stay Secret (For Now), WHO Says. The WHO called the meeting to break a deadlock between scientists who have studied the mutations needed to make H5N1 bird
Grief Is Normal And Not A Mental Illness, Medical Journal Editors Say. Grief following the death of a loved one isn't a mental illness that requires psychiatrists and antidepressants, according
Post Traumatic Stress In-Order. Having suffered from post traumatic stress disorder after I sustained my spinal cord injury gave me a brutal, rude awakening to what fear can do to you.
UTIs Can Be Caused By Eating Contaminated Chicken. Researchers of the study, which was published in the journal Emerging Infectious Diseases, tested 320 samples of beef, pork
How One-Minute Intervals Can Improve Health. While many of us wonder just how much exercise we really need in order to gain health and fitness, a group of scientists
Could This Be The Future Of Chronic Pain Relief?. ZIP is the Eternal Sunshine chemical that was spritzed into the memory-forming locus of rat brains to make the animals forget
How Germy Is Your Makeup?. The best thing you can do to prevent both germy growth and spoiling makeup is to take better care of your products. Just
The Revolution Reunite for Bobby Z and Heart Month. On Sunday, Feb. 19, Bobby Z, aka Robert Rivkin, will celebrate the one-year anniversary of surviving his heart attack with a rare reunion performance to benefit the American Heart Association with the help of his former bandmates.
How Negative Thoughts Affect Everything in Our Life. In medicine, when we talk about the \nocebo effect,\ what we are referring to is the concept that adverse health or clinical events can be produced or influenced by negative expectations.
Fear of Missing Out, Lately?. Urban Dictionary says that FOMO stands for \the fear that if you miss a party or an event you will miss out on something great.\  As in
New Bravewell Report a Goldmine for Those Intrigued by Integrative Medicine, Pandora's Box to Skeptics. Bravewell's report, \Integrative Medicine in  America
Work Out Midday To Boost Productivity. Don't just live for lunch breaks. Scientists have found that fitting in some fitness can increase work stamina. In one study
Foods For Healthier Teeth. We all know the basics of good oral care
Why All Hospital Campuses Should Be Smoke-Free. A nurse shouldn't smell like she just smoked an entire pack of cigarettes. If my nose wrinkles at the foul odor of stale smoke on one of the hospital caregivers, imagine how the patient struggling with nausea must feel as the same nurse leans over them to listen to their chest.
Suicidal? Just Depressed? Be Careful How You Phrase It Online. Facebook's new \flag\ policy for threats of self-harm strikes me as an efficient, measured approach that manages to offer timely help while also respecting the privacy of the people making the alleged threats. The trouble, as always, is interpreting what constitutes a threat.
How to Improve Your Health by Moving. Physical activity, exercise and movement are available to you to promote the natural healing of your body, and you are empowered right now to use them if you choose.
Getting on a Plane? Don't Let the Hospital Be Your Final Destination. To my fellow road warriors, I have a question for you
Rage -- Coming Soon From a Narcissist Near You. There is a saying that when you're a hammer the world looks like a nail. When you're a narcissist, the world looks like it should approve, adore, agree and obey you. Anything less than that feels like an assault and because of that a narcissist feels justified in raging back at it.
The Stealth ECT Psychiatrist in Psychiatric Reform. When I was a freshman in college leading the Harvard Mental Hospital Volunteer Program I found myself with free access to the state mental hospital in which we volunteered, and I got to see shock treatment. Electroshock patients were brought into the shock room led by burly aids and strapped down on the shock table.
Break Free From Anxiety. Because our beliefs are so powerful, we actually may be shocked that others could think the way they do. How could they believe that? They must be crazy! We may even become suspicious of them for thinking so illogically, and more importantly, for thinking so acutely opposite to us.
Swapping Soda For Water Helps Obese To Shed Weight. However, past research has shown that diet soda is actually linked with weight gain, with a diet soda a day linked with a
A Diet Soda a Day May Give You a Heart Attack. A recent study found that drinking diet soda daily is associated with increased risk of developing a stroke, heart attack and other serious vascular issues.
2 In 5 With Rheumatoid Arthritis Don't Exercise, Study Shows. \While there is much evidence of the benefits of physical activity, RA patients are generally not physically active, and
Spinbrush Warning. \Electric toothbrushes can be very effective in removing dental plaque, and so they can help prevent dental decay and gum
Nick Cannon's Health. The New York Daily News reported that Cannon, 31, said on his 92.3 NOW radio show that he went to the hospital last Friday
47 Ways To Boost Brainpower Now. What do chewing gum, laughing and lifting weights have in common? They all benefit the brain in a big way. Follow these 47
American College Of Physicians Tackles Issue Of Excessive Medical Testing. For example, a 50 percent increase in the number of surgeries to remove men's prostate glands in the United States from 2005
Social Media and Anxiety. We need to consider how the rise of new and emerging technologies impacts our health and wellbeing, and how we support people who find themselves in situations where their use of technology it is not as healthy or productive as it could be.
Snickers Maker Mars Inc. To End Sales Of Chocolate With More Than 250 Calories. The McLean, Virginia-based company, which also makes M&Ms and Skittles candies and Juicy Fruit chewing gum, said the goal
Miracle Zero Carb Cranberry Juice. Antioxidant-rich cranberry juice may boost heart health by decreasing arterial stiffness, according to a recent Tufts and Boston University study.
The Rising Cost of Gold (and Dentistry). Every time the price of gold rises, I wince a little. The reason is twofold
Chew Your Way to Losing More Body Fat. Three research studies from the last few years have explored an interesting tool that could potentially be used to combat the obesity epidemic in our culture.
The Power of Kindness in Your Relationships. Which is more important to you in your relationships -- to be kind or to control?
Weight Loss Is Contagious. Publishing in the journal, Obesity, researchers from the Miriam Hospital's Weight Control and Diabetes Research Center and
Running Shorter. I've been running marathons, and then ultra marathons, for the past seven years. I've become accustomed to putting several 50Ks, a road marathon and maybe even a 50-mile run on the calendar each January. But this year, I'm taking the opposite track, and scaling back.
Investment Banking May Be Bad For You, Study Finds -- And 7 Other Jobs Linked With Health Risks. WebMD recommends making sure to have some free time in your weekly schedule, whether it's spent with friends or your significant
5 Ways Yoga Promotes Heart Health. In honor of American Heart Month, here are five ways that yoga promotes a healthier heart.
10 Celebs Who Refuse To 'Fix' Their Teeth. It's sad to say, but we're in an era in Tinseltown when keeping your original teeth makes you, well, original. These days
Practicing the Power of Presence Makes the World a Better Place. Mindfully living in the presence in the present moment can change our experience of life in a heartbeat. Living consciously, connected to the whole of life changes how we see ourselves and our world -- it makes the planet a better place because it makes us better people.
Relationships, Menopause, and Health. For many people, relationships are a major source of stress. As much as you love and need them, your parents, partner, children, boss, and even your friends can be the cause of a lot of aggravation. The resultant stress can have a tremendous impact on your health.
Sore Muscle Remedies That Really Work. People do some crazy stuff to get rid of their post-workout muscle pain, which is known in the medical community as DOMS
What To Eat Before And After A Workout. Cynthia Sass is a registered dietitian with master's degrees in both nutrition science and public health. Frequently seen
How to Be More Authentic. To live an authentic life, we must release all that interferes with our truth. This video will help you recognize the ways you disconnect from your truth so that you can begin to shift the pattern.
5 Steps to Change How You Feel. The ability to solve life's problems and live the life you want to live sometimes means acting in opposition to your feelings. Doing so can release you from painful and long-standing emotions.
Does Depression Exist?. If you call your sadness, irritability, loneliness, disappointments, and overwhelm \the mental disorder of depression,\ does calling all that pain make it \the mental disorder of depression\?
True Strength. To be strong is not to outrun sadness, but rather to learn to embrace it when it is here, to take good care of it so that it can heal.  This is a warrior's strength, a wise parent's strength.
The Swiss Government's Remarkable Report on Homeopathic Medicine. The Swiss government's report on homeopathic medicine represents the most comprehensive evaluation of homeopathic medicine ever written by a government and was just published in book form in English.
The Ways of Love. Let's give love its proper place, and I daresay that we would have a different, much happier, more balanced and harmonious, just world if we were all more in touch with the archetypal energy behind these forms of love.
The View From 70. Getting older also means learning to appreciate this stage of life as a new adventure. There is still much to be discovered! This time of life offers up a whole new possibility for learning and engaging in creative expression.
Johnson & Johnson Sold Hip Implants Abroad After FDA Rejected Sale In The U.S. For Safety Concerns. The health care products giant Johnson & Johnson continued to market an artificial hip in Europe and elsewhere overseas after
Beyond the Plate. For many of us, nutrition can be a confusing matter. It has become a topic of bewilderment, inciting dizzying searches for the ideal way to eat. What's missing from this well-meant advice is the distinction between nourishment and nutrition.
How To Genetically Modify Yogurt To Produce Prozac. While getting DNA into a (well-studied, culturable) bacterial cell might be easier than you think, the task of designing
On the Future of Food. You could say it all started with Sir Albert Howard 80 or so years ago. He wrote a book outlining the importance of healthy
Don't Worry, Drink Coffee. Despite 20 years of reassuring research, many people still avoid caffeinated coffee because they worry about its health effects. But research continues to confirm that -- in moderation -- a few cups a day is safe and even beneficial to heart health.
Drug That Lets Body Temperature Drop Could Save Stroke Victims. During the last decade, a series of studies in The New England Journal of Medicine chronicled the potential benefits of rescuing
Heart Attack? Nope, Just A Spin Class. For anyone who has felt like their heart might explode after a spin class, the truth might not be that far off -- biochemically
Computer Programs Could Soon Predict Psychiatric Problems In At-Risk Youths. Mary Phillips of Pittsburgh University in the United States, who also worked on the study, said since most mental disorders
The Truth About Whitney Houston And Xanax. Given how widely benzos are prescribed by doctors and how frequently patients (ab)use them, it is tempting to say that they
Happy Valentine's Day -- Are You Listening?. He was amazing at focusing on what his clients, customers and employees said and then drilling down even deeper until he understood and they felt understood.  So now when his wife spoke, instead of pulling back and anticipating a \You're clueless\ look or those actual words, he leaned into what she was saying.
This Valentine's Day, Have a (Healthy) Heart. Today, millions of Americans will give heart-shaped boxes of chocolates to our special someones. But what about our actual hearts? While we're immersed in heart-shaped imagery today, I thought I'd take a moment to share some information on how we can become a more heart-healthy nation.
The Best Valentine's Day Gift Is Your True Presence. To love, we must be present. It is impossible to love another if we are not truly with each other. But for many of us, this is easier said than done.
Sophie Keller, Relationship Expert, Answers Your Love Questions (VIDEO). There are several ways participate and ask Sophie a question. Don't worry if you miss the live broadcast. A recording of
The Prince's Speech. But the speech was ultimately uplifting because, as the prince noted, \There are alternative ways to grow our food\u00ad...which
Most Lipsticks Contain Lead, Study Finds. \Recognizing that there is no safe level of lead exposure, we need to be protecting women and children from all levels of
The Great Contact Lens Solution Epiphany About Consciousness. Being unconscious about some things is a good strategy, it frees up your brain for more important decisions.  But if you're unconscious about everything, you wind up letting other people script your entire life.
Bird Flu Experts To Discuss Future Of Mutant Virus Research. In the short term, most scientists agree the moratorium is \a good gesture,\ as flu expert and former WHO health security
Love and Sex. This Valentine's Day, look into the eyes and heart of your partner. Look into their hopes and dreams, and see within them the desires and determination that you also hold dear. See too the very same hurts and fears that you have been dealing with.
Romantic Regrets More Intense Than Work-Related Ones, Study Shows. or A) Leave the office anyway, stopping on the way home to pick up some chocolates, much to the chagrin of your boss. \Social
What Your Heart Has to Say. The heart is our emotional home where all our struggles, doubts and hurts are felt, as well as our longings, yearnings, joys and delights.
Mediterranean Diet Improves Brain Health, According To New Study. Time to stock up on fresh veggies, fish, whole grains, legumes and olive oil
Brain Scans Could Reveal If Your Relationship Will Last. When you're in the early stages of falling in love, you might hide it from friends and family. But you can't hide it from
The Life Out Loud. Happy Valentine's Day! Do those words make you shudder? Whether or not you belong to the 50 percent of the American population that is unmarried, it very well may. Like me, you may get turned off by the gluttonous commercialism of the occasion.
HuffPost Meditation Center. With today's introductory meditations from Donna D'Cruz, \u201cconscious\u201d entertainer, designer, performing artist and meditation
HuffPost Meditation Center. Meditations exist in all manner of forms and disciplines, ranging from simple relaxation to deeply spiritual practices. Our
Make Love, Not Worry. Valentine's Day is all about roses, chocolates and thou, and that's all good, but this year do something different for your spouse. Cut worry out of your relationship -- that unmistakable yet invisible interloper that trespasses on the sacred space you call home. Let's see how.
What's Your Top Sleep Gripe?. When it comes to getting quality shuteye, everyone has their thing, whether it's a pitch-dark room, a favorite pillow or
5 Healthy Reasons To Love Love. But don't just take his word for it. Here is some of the latest research on the key factors for a lasting relationship, and
Love Is All Around. In the long run it may be worth it, but at what cost to our emotions and our heart? We've all imagined finding the one person
Beauty and Luck. When you rejoice in beauty, the entire creation rejoices with you.  The very purpose of such variety in this creation is to bring you back to your Self, to come to know that you are beautiful.  And in that bliss, all that you need, all that you would want will simply keep happening.
The Map to Nowhere. Most of my life I have felt embattled between my strategic mind, with its plans, ideas and \maps,\ and the messiness of life, with its surprises, confusions and organic unfolding.
Day 14 of 29. Laughter is good for the heart -- and soul.  The \Map of a Woman's Heart\ (D.W. Kellogg & Co. circa 1833-1842), brings me such glee that I hope you will indulge me as I take you on a tour of it for Valentine's Day.
Dark Chocolate's Heart Health Benefits Are Bittersweet. It's Valentine's Day, and chocolate is bound to be around us. We love the stuff, and recent studies suggest it may be one of the foods that loves us back.
2012. One of the biggest challenges of being human is sticking with the plans we've made.  When I look back at my failures, both big and small, it boils down to not having done what I knew to do.  Doesn't it seem as if we're guided by two voices, always at war over our time and attention?
Are Your Sleep Types Compatible? (INFOGRAPHIC). Graphic by
The Ancient Origins of Valentine's Day. When we think of Valentine's Day we tend to think of chocolate, love, and presents, yet most of us don't know that Valentine's Day has its roots in an ancient Roman fertility festival called Lupercalia.
WHiP It! Valentine's Day Wholehearted Living. Whole-hearted living is where we allow ourselves to taste the whole broad spectrum of emotions -- living life. When we live life fully we open up to the capacity for real joy because we live in uncertainty and vulnerability.
Juicing and Me. I've juiced everything that grows and everything seems to go with everything else.  Fruits go with vegetables and vegetables go with other vegetables.  Herbs fit right in as do fresh ginger, garlic, and onions.
Valentine's Day Skin Tips -- Loving Skin Is In!. Even if green and chemical-free is not your thing, think twice this Valentine's Day before you slather scented lotion or spray on cologne.
6 Ways to Keep Love Strong This Valentine's Day and Beyond. Being loving isn't just a matter of playing the role of boyfriend, girlfriend, husband, or wife. It is a matter of having integrity in ourselves and being attuned to our partners. Being LOVING means maintaining Laughter, Openness, Vitality, Individuality, Non-defensiveness, and Generosity in our relationships.
Looking for Love.... As they say, \To love is to live.\ Give love freely, willingly and without expectation, and your life will be full of joy -- and love will find you.
A Torn Valentine. I have to wonder if it wouldn't be more cozy in general if we could admit our torn feelings about this chocolate, heart-filled and too often twisted holiday, and feel a sense of belonging on the day just because we are -- just the way we are.
Love Thy Self, Inside and Out. As Valentine's Day approaches, many of us are looking for love, or maybe an improvement in an existing loving relationship.  But if you can't love yourself, then who can you love?
Cheat Days Explained. Diet six days a week, and on the seventh eat absolutely anything. What's not to love about that? Apparently, a lot. The idea
Overeating Raises Risk Of Mild Cognitive Impairment, Study Shows. The recommended daily intake of calories differs by age group, sex and physical activity level, according to WebMD. For example
Are Your 'Whole Grains' Truly Whole? Maybe. Maybe Not.. In preparation for a meeting with officials from the Food and Drug Administration, we at the nonprofit Center for Science in the Public Interest toured the supermarket to find examples of foods that made some kind of attempt to capitalize on the whole grain craze.
Give Your Memory a Boost With Meditation. Recently, I noticed that I wasn't having as much trouble accessing my memory. I believe the improvement has to do with meditation.
Bobby Kristina. Dr. Dayton's book \The ACOA Trauma Syndrome\ will be coming out in September. But she shares her sadness with so many others
Did Anil Potti, Former Duke Cancer Researcher, Conduct Research Fraud?. Patients enrolled in trials for these drugs, and were told that they had an 80 percent chance the right drug for them would
The Other Side. If a person stood at the top of a mountain to look into the surroundings, they would get one perspective.  Likewise, if another person stood on another mountain and looked in a different direction to admire all the beauty, they would get another perspective.
Give A Sensual Valentine's Day Massage (VIDEO). Valentine's Day is all about spending time with the one you love. Reconnect and spice things up with a sexy massage this
How to Date Your Mate. if you've been coupled for a while, Valentine's day may feel routine.  In fact, you may be at that stage where your sweetheart is dangerously close to becoming the \old ball and chain.\ Here are some tips to make your date night special, no matter how many Valentines you've had together.
Addiction. In reality, addiction is a very big deal. People lose their lives, livelihoods and loved ones to this disease every day. It's vitally important that we let people know that help is available and that treatment can work.
Problem With Procrastination? Try This. Just about anyone who has ever put off a troublesome task is familiar with one of my \secrets of adulthood\
Have a Valentine Love Affair With Your Self. A great way to pamper yourself with the attention and affection that we all crave -- that we lavish on others but never think to give to ourselves -- is to have a love affair with your Self.
Soul-Talk. But how do you move from resentment, upset and blame into acceptance, understanding and true forgiveness? The answer lies in forgiving yourself.  Not forgiving yourself for an action, thought, word or deed aimed at another, but forgiving yourself for having judged yourself in the first place.
Why You Shouldn't Think Of Time As Money. The research indicates that thinking about time in terms of money changes the way we experience time. And may leave us too
7 Easy Ways To Get Healthier Lips For Valentine's Day. Pucker up, Valentine's Day is upon us. And while February 14 is often touted as a day all about chocolate and flowers, the
10 Ways to Start an Affair During Valentine's Week. Regardless of your love/hate relationship status with Cupid, you can start a lifelong love affair today -- right this second, in fact -- with the only person who has never left you and will always be there for you until the end. \u2028\u2028That person is you.
21 Ways to Stress-Free Living and De-Cluttering Your Mind. We are in control of our health, our well-being, our mental state, our marriage, our children. Everything. It's up to us to give ourselves the best life possible. No one else can do it for us, and truth is, it's best when we can do it for ourselves. It was a powerful realization.
Valentine's Day. By Danny Deza Ah, love. In the heady days of a mutual crush, pulses race, knees go weak and heads reel. So strong are these
Day Twelve. We all have excuses for not eating healthy foods.  My oatmeal excuses are endless
5 Foods Guaranteed to Get Your Heart Racing (While Keeping Your Waistline in Check). Although you'll thank your new boyfriend profusely for the enormous box of chocolates he gave you (who can resist that?) I definitely have some strategies to make this special day healthy, too. I can't guarantee you a date on Feb. 14, but I can certainly help you stock up on foods of love.
Dean Ornish Talks Lifestyle As Treatment At NYC's Integrative Healthcare Symposium. The million-dollar question, of course, is how to motivate patients to make lasting changes in their lifestyle. They found
How Fun Is Your Workplace? (And Why It Matters). But what the authors of The Levity Effect mean by \levity\ is really a sense of lightness. It's less about being funny and more about being able to have fun and see the humorous side of everyday situations -- especially difficult situations.
ACOAS. https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/TianDaytonTraumaSurvey ACOAs
Why Should I Work Out? 9 Awesome Reasons Other Than Weight Loss. If you were to believe the headlines on the average, body-shaming women's magazine, you might think that working out is only
Socially Isolated Kids Exercise Less, Could Increase Obesity Risk. That's the premise of a new study in Pediatrics, which found that children who felt ostracized were less likely to be active
14 Active Dates For Valentine's Day. If the window displays and store promotions weren't enough to clue you in, it's time you knew
Tracking Sleep Cycles. Sleep ranks right up there with weight in the pantheon of health issues to obsess over
Super Soul Sunday. Everybody needs love in their lives, but sometimes it can be hard to find. So in this Sunday's new episode of \SoulPancake
'Love, Etc.' Director Opens Up About Love, New York City And Finding Inspiration. There is something magical about starting with a blank piece of paper and ending up with a film, whether it is 5 minutes or 90 minutes. For me there is nothing better than that when it comes to having a \job\ and doing work.
How to Create a Homelike Environment for Memory Care. For family members who are helping a loved one with memory loss transition to an assisted living community or to any new living arrangement, it is important to recreate the elements that have always made those loved ones feel at home.
4 Health Reasons to Eat Chocolate (and Cons to Consider). When it comes to dessert, chocolate is my weakness. The silky, rich, bittersweet stuff is sure to satisfy my sweet tooth.
My Biggest Fear. Those of us who have overcome our battle with weight always tuck away in the back of our minds the fear that it can happen again. It keeps us in check, but it is ever-present.
Don't Just Sit There -- Take a Stand!. We've all heard too many times that a sedentary lifestyle is hazardous to our health.  Many of us who take the risks of this type of lifestyle seriously have incorporated a weekly, if not daily, exercise routine into our busy schedules.  So we've got it covered, right?  Wrong.
I Heart My Pet. Valentine's Day -- a time to think about your heart and the heart of someone you love. Where do you find more love than in the heart of your pet? Yes, we have husbands, wives, family and friends, but there's no substitute for that happy thump-thump-thump of a wagging tail.
Living Like a Champion. Today, your challenge is to ask yourself if you want to lead a life with no change and no excitement, or do you want to take the chance to find some excitement and exhilaration and really live?  Do you want to look back on your life and have regrets for not living to your full potential?
FDA Issues Plan To Avoid Heparin Contamination. \We're making sure we have systems in place to prevent that particular problem,\ FDA Commissioner Margaret Hamburg told members
Mobilyze! Smartphone App Could Help People With Depression. So researchers at Northwestern University hope to get smart phones to help. They\u2019re developing an app that could monitor
Why Can't Dieters Eat Mindfully?. Mindful eating is a skill, much like learning to ride a bike or operate a new electronic device. It takes proper instruction and practice. And while it may be more difficult at first, it gets easier and easier until it becomes automatic.
Are Juice Cleanses Safe?. Losing weight doesn't mean succumbing to a liquid diet. Regular exercise and eating well are habits that are easier to stick
GIVEAWAY. The winners will be notified by email or Twitter. Good luck! He snores! She hogs the covers! He keeps the TV on all night
Nutrition in a Second-Rate Hen House. This week, Wal-Mart announced the release of its home-grown, front-of-pack nutrition guidance system. Can we possibly be that gullible? If so, we probably all deserve to be eating whatever the big companies selling food tell us we should.
Spiritual Partnerships. Is a spiritual partnership the same as a marriage? It could be, but usually it is not.
Please Meditate. Please join me in a guided meditation to release the impediments in your heart, revealing the love that is within you and longing to be realized.
Astrology Now. Go ahead and ask
Disharmony Between Yoga Teachers and Students. At some point, every student must leave their teacher. It's a built-in principle of yoga.  Parents raise children to be able to survive on their own at some point; its the same concept between teachers and students of yoga.
Should You Date Outside Your Tribe?. With Valentine's Day approaching, here's an interesting letter I got recently, applying to both men and women.
Day 10. Here we are at Day 10 of 29 days of American Heart Month blogs.  I would be remiss in not reviewing what you want to know about your heart health numbers.
Fit Links. There are hundreds of wonderful sites on healthy living to be seen all over the blogosphere. Here at Fit Links, we'll introduce
Altitude Sickness. \There's always been theories about which breeds and animals are more susceptible,\ Encinias says. \Now we are trying to
More American Pets Are Prescribed Psychiatric Drugs. Psychiatric medications such as Prozac are being prescribed more often to man's best friend to help treat a variety of conditions
3 Steps to Stronger Thighs. If there's one part of the body that my clients most often complain about, it's the thighs. They can be too skinny, too thick, too soft, too weak or too baggy. So whether you want to improve tone, add strength or simply look great in your jeans, this article is for you.
Weight Loss Success. How I Lost It
Dental Phobia. People with dental phobias have a reflex to feel a fight-or-flight response when they visit the dentist, explained New York
How To Stay Sniffle-Free For Valentine's Day. Every year, we sniffle our way through an estimated 62 million cases of the common cold, according to the National Institute
The Death and Dying Series Part Three. It may sound peculiar, but there are some very exciting things happening where death is concerned in America. The momentum of change in how we view and respond to death is building in many sectors of society as we transform our culture of death.
Emotional Avoidance and Disbelief in Death. While I do experience that the soul in some guise persists after the form expires, I most definitely experience that our life as well as our physical death are highly relevant events in our soul's growth.
Creative Entertainment for People With Early- and Mid-Stage Alzheimer's. All people with Alzheimer's and other dementias need to have entertainment. It's essential to their overall wellbeing. The key to success in providing entertainment is to find activities appropriate for the person's stage of the disease.
What Happens In Your Body When You Eat Ramen And Gatorade. TEDxManhattan 2011 Fellow Stefani Bardin's video, below, shows what happens in your body when you eat processed foods vs
Big Men on Campus, Beware. Mirror, mirror, on the wall, who's the sickest of them all?  A new study says it might be the guys who are always looking in the mirror!
Men's Grooming Products. The Environmental Working Group, a non-profit research organization, told HuffPost that the average American man uses six
Day Nine. As a woman, I'd like to admit that a good deal of the time I know exactly what somebody else should do and insist they do it. I think it's called \do what I say, not what I do.\  To be fair, we believed for years that only men had heart attacks and women were safe.
Quit. As a psychologist who studies motivation, I spend a lot of time trying to figure out why people give up too soon when trying to reach a goal. But the truth is, a lot of us suffer from the opposite problem
3 Aphrodisiac Smoothies. Watermelon Surprise (Serves 2) Dr. Moyad is the Jenkins/Pokempner director of complementary and alternative medicine at the
Who Really Shouldn't Eat Gluten. A group of 15 experts from seven countries is proposing a new classification system for the gluten-related disorders plaguing
We Can't Wait. We can't wait to act. As the population of the United States ages, the time for bold action on the growing public health challenge posed by Alzheimer's is now.
Tips on Living a Fear-Free Life. Actions that are based on fear are not going to give you a long term feeling of fulfillment. Fear also could be the root of anxiety, depression, and other  internal disarrays.
Hardwired for the Mystical?. We may not necessarily be hardwired for mystical experiences, but we are hardwired to benefit from a robust belief system shared by our peers and a contemplative spiritual practice, even if not necessarily a theistic one.
Exercise Makes Us Happy -- It's Science. The study tracked the daily activities of 190 college-age students, who were asked to journal the amount and level of physical
Till Death (or Illness Or Dementia) Us Do Part?. When the person you married goes through a dramatic change, what's a spouse to do? As Valentine's Day approaches, clergy
Bexarotene, Skin Cancer Drug, Reverses Alzheimer's Symptoms In Mice. That idea, though, is not universally endorsed. Some experiments have shown that the e4 version may also impair the brain
Super Bowl Measles. CORRECTION
Gonorrhea Could Join Growing List of Untreatable Diseases. The arms race between humanity and disease-causing bacteria is drawing to a close\u2014and the bacteria are winning. The latest
Y Chromosome Raises Heart Disease Risk By 50%, Study Shows. The findings do not suggest that heart disease risk for men is entirely--or even mostly--lodged on the Y chromosome. And
The Good, the Bad and the Beautiful. Consumers are becoming increasingly aware of and concerned with toxic chemicals in personal care products. However, we don't only need to know what to avoid but also what to look for in order to get the best results for skin.
PANDAS May Be Cause Of Mysterious LeRoy Illness, Neurologist Claims. However, the New York Department of Health has not found that there is any environmental or infectious cause of the mystery
Exercise-Video Giant 'Anchor Bay' May Now Split With Komen. Insiders tell Vulture that Anchor Bay Entertainment, one of Hollywood's largest producers and distributors of women\u2019s fitness
Gene Therapy Restores Sight To 3 Nearly Blind Women. The treatment grew out of the understanding that people with the disorder become blind because of genetic mutations in retinal
Female Soccer Players May Face Health Problems. Intense training combined with insufficient nutrition may threaten the health of young female soccer players, suggests a
Americans' Trans Fat Levels Dropped Over Last Decade. Researchers noted that during the time period of the study, the government also took steps to make the public aware of the
Skyscraper Runners Take Workouts To Incredible Heights. Held in some of the world's tallest buildings -- like Taiwan's Taipei 101, Chicago's Willis Tower and the Menara Tower in
Medical Oncologist Marc Garnick Answers 6 Key Questions About Prostate Cancer. \The PSA test for screening says, 'Yes, your value may be elevated but we don't know yet, short of doing a biopsy, whether
Mindful Eating As Food for Thought. TRY this
CFDA Health Initiative. To begin answering that question, and to take a broader look at the intersection of fashion and health, the CFDA moderated
Movement on Funding for Alzheimer's Research. When multiple moving parts are at play, it's only logical that things will start advancing. That's what is happening now in the Alzheimer's disease cause.
Massage Benefits. Last week, a new study found that massage really does work to ease those sore muscles after a tough workout. Just 10 minutes
Smoking May Hasten Mental Decline In Men. The mental function of the average 50-year-old male smoker can be expected to decline as quickly as that of a 60-year-old
5 Things You Should Do Every Morning. You can try these simple steps to keep your mornings on track and start the day for a happier, more successful start.
The Best And Worst Burgers. By Amanda MacMillan Who doesn't love a good burger? Unfortunately, not all hamburgers, or even turkey or veggie burgers, are
Keep Your Romance Hot. According to my grandma, \A good romantic relationship takes effort, not work.\  How's that for a pearl of wisdom with terrifying implications?
Is Your Love Life Worthy of Valentines Day?. So many of us stay in relationships when we're not happy. We want to leave, but we don't think we deserve to be happy deep down. We don't feel like there's anybody better for us, so we settle for somebody that is so wrong for us in so many different ways.
Patient Communication Study Shows Doctors Regularly Withhold Truth. Additionally, 35 percent of the doctors said they did not \completely agree\ that they should disclose their financial relationships
How Rap Music Can Keep Blood Vessels From Bursting. What do rappers Drake, Jay-Z, and Kanye West have in common? Aside from their occupations and celebrity status, they can
Day 8. Patricia Butts, First Lady of Harlem's Abyssinian Baptist Church, has written rap lyrics to help women remember the seven signs of a woman's heart attack -- not the same as for a man.
David Oliver. I often hear my patients and their families talk about courage. They say that someone faced his illness courageously, for instance. When they talk about courage, though, they're usually talking about a very specific kind of courage that has to do with the way that a patient is struggling with an illness.
Exercise Prevents Dementia-Related Death According to Study. While cardiovascular and cancer deaths are on the decline, deaths from dementia and Alzheimer's are on the rise. According
Soda Consumption Linked To Asthma, COPD, Study Says. Australian researchers analyzed the health and soda drinking habits of 16,907 people age 16 or older in southern Australia
Transforming Pain Relief. The logical thing to do as part of our pain management transformation is to make weight management an inherent part of pain education, treatment and prevention.
The Phoenix Generation. The world we live in now is changing rapidly. The normal state of affairs is not the static and stationary that we sometimes view our lives to be, but of flux and flow.
Green Tea Could Help Functioning In Old Age. Green tea has long been eyed for possible health benefits, including its potential to decrease the risk of certain cancers
Does Your Love Have a Place to Land?  5 Basic Steps to the Cure. When it comes to expressing the truth in our heart, love cannot be commissioned.  Love cannot be purchased.  Love must have an open space, a safe place in which to land, tell its truth, and have room to breathe without demands or the need for defense.
Anthrax's Toxicity Depends On Our Genes, Study Finds. \u201cWe already knew that infection by the same organism in different people can have very different outcomes,\u201d David Relman
Surprising Reasons You're Tired All The Time. We all tend to blame fatigue on a too-busy lifestyle. And much of the time we're right. If you feel tired all the time, don't
The Urgent Need For More Public Awareness About Insomnia. Insomnia is the most common sleep disorder. Approximately 25 percent of the adult population suffer from sleeping problems
Qutenza, Chili Pepper Drug, Gets Mixed Review For Treating HIV-Related Pain. On Tuesday, Food and Drug Administration reviewers said in a report that the Qutenza patch produced statistically significant
How to Deal With Grief. When we try to stop grief we try to stop growth. And when we look to nature, life that does not continue to grow, dies. The state of grief, no matter how bad it feels, is so filled with life. Grief helps to create more space inside of us that allows life force to flow through.
Day Seven. Patriots fans, take good care of yourselves -- fans of  losing teams in major sporting events have been known to experience higher risks of heart attacks for a couple weeks following an emotional championship game.  Don't kill the messenger!
Government Sodium Guidelines. A couple of researchers from the University of Washington in Seattle decided to look into what this schism could mean for
Mouse in the House. I don't have to hate or shove away what I want to remove from the premises. In fact, I can even love it and wish it well while letting it go.
Sodium In Our Foods. \Too much sodium raises blood pressure, which is a major risk factor for heart disease and stroke,\ CDC Director Thomas R
The Ultimate Arms And Abs Workout. By Jessica Smith for Shape.com Set 1
Vitamin D and Cancer Treatment. As someone who has had melanoma, the sun has been significant in my life since my diagnosis and recovery. In other words, I've avoided it. But it now seems that might not have been entirely wise as it has deprived my system of Vitamin D, which is being increasingly heralded as powerful in cancer prevention and treatment.
Twirling Dervish. If you don't like the idea of a class, try dancing in the privacy of your own home -- then you really will be dancing like no one's watching. At the very least, it will make you smile.
The Fabric of Our Lives. Our emotions are the windows through which we perceive the world abroad.  Those emotions come to fruition and are delivered to us by way of our experiences with those around us.
Heart Disease. In the past few years, celebrities have rallied to promote awareness for heart health -- particularly in women. Cardiovascular
New Weight Watchers Plan Leaves Some Grumbling. The latest iteration of the weight-loss plan, called Points Plus, was intended to steer people toward more healthy food choices
Why You Won't Quit. As I've found out, throwing in the towel on a dead-end job (or a toxic relationship) is actually really difficult, even when you really want to. Here's why.
The Latest Recalled Dog Foods All Contain This Ingredient. In early December, three pet food recalls were initiated due to aflatoxin levels above the \acceptable\ limit.
Eating Disorder Experts on Lessons Learned by \Smash\ Star Katharine McPhee. As a therapist specializing in eating issues, I'm all too aware of the pervasive cultural pressures to be perfectly thin. So when I heard Katharine McPhee would be stacked up on the little screen against America's biggest sex symbol, I couldn't help but wonder how she's handling those pressures.
Frankenfats. You know trans fats are bad for you. High consumption of trans-fatty acids raises cholesterol levels and increases the risk of heart attacks.
Don't Buy Me a Valentine Gift, Please. When answering the age-old question, \What do women want?\ our new survey gave surprising results
Psychiatric Diagnosis by the People's Choice. The American Psychiatric Association plans to release the newest edition of America's psychiatric bible, the DSM, in 2013. The effort to determine what constitutes normal and abnormal behavior in America is apparently an ongoing process.
Super Bowl Sunday and the Elixir of Fat. This Super Bowl Sunday both on and off the field viewers watched the Giants and the Patriots. Between plays and at halftime, the off-the-field giants were Big Soda, with their ads for their elixir of obesity and diabetes.
Uncovering Food Label and Nutrition Traps. Understanding nutrition claims and market tricks will allow the average shopper to make quick, healthy choices without spending hours comparing labels.
The Longest Swim -- The Story. There's a new interview with me running on most NPR stations as of last week. The show\u00a0is called The Story.
Man Supposedly Infected With Malaria For Psychiatric Treatment Spurs Hospital Probe In Vienna. \International scientific opinion was that that was absolutely an interesting approach 100 years ago, and there was even
News Junkies Are Well-Informed -- And Much Healthier?. Can people who indulge in mass media also be making more healthful decisions based on the information they consume? Read
HIV Drugs Not Linked With Child Psychiatric Problems. The team found children who had the most severe disease when they entered the study did worse on tests of executive functioning
Brain Injury Rate 7 Times Greater Among U.S. Prisoners. One of the big challenges in addressing TBI in prison populations, and beyond, is that it is not as easy to diagnose as a
Superbowl Commercials. The Super Bowl gets a bad rap when it comes to health. The typical viewer eats nearly a day's worth of calories and, since
Healthy Gifts For Your Honey. Get creative this Valentine's Day with gifts that really show you care. Jewelry, roses, and traditional chocolates did not
Who Was The 'Tightrope' Guy In Madonna's Super Bowl Halftime Show?. During Madonna's Super Bowl halftime show, a performer jumping up and down on what appeared to be a tightrope, had the crowd
Ovarian Cancer Screening. Currently, the leading tests for ovarian cancer are the transvaginal ultrasound [TVU], in which doctors insert a probe into
Is Transcranial Direct-Current Stimulation, Brain-Boosting Technology, Ethical?. The authors, Roi Cohen Kadosh and a group of scientists and ethicists mostly from Oxford University, note that the electrical
Healthy People Co. Diet Supplements Recalled For Stray Pills. Tadalafil may interact with nitrates in prescription drugs such as nitroglycerin and may dangerously lower blood pressure
New Alzheimer's Criteria Would Change Diagnosis For Millions. Almost everyone currently diagnosed with a mild form of Alzheimer's disease would be downgraded to not having the condition
Transplant Patient Gets Titanium Jawbone Made By 3D Printer (VIDEO). The results of the surgery were immediate. The completed implant was then coated with a bone-substitute ceramic compound
Do You Need To Worry About These 12 Health Symptoms?. You have a chronic cough, or maybe you're experiencing hair loss. Should you be concerned? Consult this practical guide. Read
12 Strangers Begin Six-Week Class Toward Healthier Eating. Twelve Cleburne, TX residents decided to start a six-week journey on Thursday night, seeking to learn the basics of healthier cooking by avoiding fast foods.
Mars and Venus in the... Parking Garage?. It's one of the perils of theorizing about sex differences
Soul-Talk. Are you slowly dying in your own self-made poisonous rut of upset and resentment and calling it life instead? Are you drinking the poison of continuous upset hoping the other person will change?
How a Korean Spa Can Keep You Lean, Rejuvenated and Sexy. \How do you de-stress, maintain your energy with a super-busy schedule, and stay so lean?\ my clients often ask me among their routine medical questions. I'm going to let you in on my little secret
Heart Health Month. Every February, organizations like the American Heart Association, the National Heart Lung and Blood Institute and the CDC
Breast Cancer Surgery -- Ignorance of Anatomy, Not a Dearth of Guidelines. A study published in the Journal of the American Medical Association found that nearly one in four women who have a lumpectomy to treat their breast cancer require another surgery to remove additional tissue.
The Simple Life. Simplicity is purity. It is facing the true nature of things and embracing it instead of ducking and weaving and dodging, instead of filling a hole inside you with chaotic activity or an overabundance of stuff.
Learning Joy From Your Child. Whenever a child enters people's lives, most people tend to think it is time to teach. No. When a child enters your life, it is time to learn because between you and your child, who is more joyful? The child.
How Does Someone Outgrow Autism?. In the Feb. 1 New York Times there is a telling op-ed by Benjamin Nugent, a successful writer and a \recovered\ Asperger's patient. Mr. Nugent abruptly and spontaneously outgrew his disease right after college and has lived happily ever after.
Feel-Good Fitness. There's nothing wrong with wanting to look good, but how you look is just part of the bigger picture of your overall wellbeing.
Sadness in Winning. An unfamiliar mixed emotion overtook my 9-year-old son, Gabriel, and me as we watched the New York Giants close out the San Francisco 49ers last Sunday.
A Secret to More Happiness and Energy? Give Yourself a Bedtime. As a result of my happiness project, I've become a sleep zealot. It's just so obvious to me -- from reading the research and from personal experience -- that getting enough sleep is a key to a happier life. I've noticed something, however
The Power of Compassion. The human experience is based on exchange and connectedness.  We do need each other to experience and to share.
Nowhere to Go But Up. Have you ever been in a situation where you needed to look at the positive aspect for own piece of mind? How did you cope
Biggest Nutrition Traps, Part 3. We seem to be wired to pay more attention to the exception rather than the norm.  If we've been really \bad,\ our impulse is to make up for it by being really \good\ for a day or two.  But in reality, it's not our worst days or our best days that tell the story.
Weight Loss Success. My weight loss was slow. On a good week, I would lose two pounds. It was a journey that required patience; sometimes the
Conversation With a Dying Man. Neil Millman wanted to give me some pointers about what was ahead of me.  As I walked into his hospice room, I knew it could just as easily have been my room. The cancer that is attacking his body is the result of taking drugs for years that kept his transplanted kidney alive.
Indian Health Service Includes Licensed Naturopaths, Acupuncturists and Chiropractors in Loan Repayment Program. A bit of integrative medicine history was made last month when the U.S. Indian Health Service (IHS) quietly announced that licensed naturopathic doctors, acupuncturists and chiropractors would be included in 2012 in the IHS' student loan repayment programs.
The 'Thou Shalt Nots'  Matter. I was shocked that the two authors of this paper are ethicists. But it appears that up is down in the ethics world and that too often, the field of ethics is used to push ethical and moral boundaries and to break right through them, rather than to preserve high standards of ethics in the affairs of human beings.
Finding Health in the Theme of Memes. Unlike genes, over which we do not have true mastery and are unlikely to any time soon, memes are of our own devising.  We have the means to make them do what we want.
Day Six. New findings suggest that obesity and liver disease can be caused by proteins that change microbe populations in the stomach, according to a study published in the February 2012 issue of the journal Nature.
How to Release Romantic Fears. Let's face it
Underestimating the True Prevalence of War Stress Injury in the Military. Media and official reports on prevalence rates of military war stress injury have focused almost exclusively on escalating rates of well-known war stress injuries such as PTSD, depression, generalized anxiety, substance abuse, and traumatic brain injury (TBI). However, the true impact from war trauma cannot be reduced to a handful of psychiatric diagnoses, as some may want.
Veterans and PTSD Treatment. Many veterans never dreamed of needing help coping with life following combat deployments.  While the impact of surviving in a combat zone has left many veterans seeking help in overcoming posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), there have been significant advances in treatment.
14 Reasons You Still Can't Sleep. You follow all the sleep rules to the letter, but you're still not getting the rest you need. Here are some reasons you're
Day Five. I hate to spoil the naughtiness of faux bread heaven for you, but cauliflower is low in fat and carbs, high in fiber and vitamin C.
NFL Players, Flu Shots, Feet and You. Today, more than 100 million people are going to tune in to the Super Bowl. They will be watching more than just an American tradition at play -- they will be witnessing one of the deadliest sports in history, whose record of premature deaths demonstrates in sobering reality the silent killer in all of us
Cut Calories For Weight Loss. To test this, Pennington Biomedical Research Center scientists had 424 overweight or obese men and women take part in one
The Five Healing Benefits of Breath. When we count our breath, we count on our breath. We discover it is the ticket back to ourselves. The breath both coaches and coaxes us into self-reliance, not only for relaxation into sleeping states, but also for profound letting go in superlatively chaotic and awake states.
What to Do if Your Dog Gets the Flu. The canine influenza virus (CIV) is a relatively new virus and is part of the canine infectious respiratory disease complex, also known as \kennel cough.\
What To Do At The Gym. This is a question or concern that comes up a lot in the fitness world. You see guys running without a shirt all the time
People-Pleasers Eat To Make Others Comfortable In Social Situations. The research is published in the Journal of Social and Clinical Psychology. \They don't want to rock the boat or upset the
How Memories Keep Us Apart. When I first began to develop EMDR therapy back in 1987, I experimented with everyone who was willing to volunteer. One of the things I found very interesting was that often the problem they were concentrating on would spontaneously connect in their minds to earlier memories that were related in some way. That's how I began to discover that the past was really present.
Quick, Healthy Recipes. Being hungry sucks (it\u2019s a scientific fact). So why spend hours cooking a gourmet feast when a nutritious and delicious meal
Five Recipes for a Healthy and Fun Super Bowl Party. You want to be celebrating out with friends or having friends over to your house. Whether you're in a potluck scenario or just going to a bar to watch the game, I wanted to offer five great recipes -- three snacks, one dessert and one cocktail -- that are sure to please both your guests and your waistline.
The Dichotomy of Cancer. I almost feel silly, loving it all so much. Sometimes it's truly painful, in that amazing beautiful way that a really fantastic movie moves you to your core. It's almost too good to handle. That's how I feel about life. I want to wear it, eat it, smell it, share it. Thank you, cancer. I love you. And I hate you.
Super Bowl Foods. By Jennipher Walters for Shape.com Gearing up for the Super Bowl? Us, too! While Super Bowl parties are a blast, they can
Tips To Reduce Your Cancer Risk (INFOGRAPHIC). For every 100 cancer diagnoses, 33 of those cases could have been prevented with simple, healthy lifestyle changes. In the
Day Four. What hasn't been emphasized in news reports is the curious reduction in heart attacks among fans of winning teams.
One Trick For Better Beauty Sleep. Small luxuries are sometimes necessary to combat the inevitable wintertime blues. Recently, I turned to silk pillows for
Celebs Tweet For World Cancer Day. World Cancer Day, February 4, 2012, is officially here. And as a global advocacy day, people and organizations are getting
Rosie O'Donnell Dishes On Inspirational Documentary 'I Am' (VIDEO). Guess who's a big fan of I Am? Rosie! Check out what Rosie had to say about Tom Shadyac's documentary in an interview with
10 Rules to Eat Safely for Life (and What to Remove From Your Kitchen). Everyday you have to navigate a toxic nutritional landscape. You have to hunt and gather in a food desert. You have to survive the American supermarket and dodge the dangers of industrial food. The good news is that if you follow 10 simple rules you can eat safely for life.
25 Tips For A Healthier Relationship. You've tamed the laundry, hit a home run at work and dished up a family dinner. Forget anything? Oh, right -- your partner
How to Begin to Achieve Your Dreams Right Now. By watching the cycles in our lives we can become mindful of how our actions naturally lead to larger consequences. One can begin to see the wisdom of small actions.
How To Break Free From The Addictive Fix. When caught up in the cycle of addictive behavior, there is an inability to accept whatever is being felt in the present moment and the mind is constantly wandering onto the next \fix.\
Can Exercise Be Addicting?. 4. Intention. Today's workout plan said 50 minutes of yoga, so why tack on an extra hour of running? Going well beyond the
The Culture of Wellbeing. While it's important to realize that any exercise routine can create strain on joints and muscles, is the alternative -- sitting on a couch, eating chips and drinking beer -- a better solution?
High-Fructose Corn Syrup May Be Worse for You Than Sugar, Study Finds. The debate over whether high-fructose corn syrup (HFCS) is really worse for you than sugar is always popular and heated. A recently-published study suggests for the first time that there is a (slight) difference in the way the body processes HFCS and sugar.
Mistakes Can Make or Break You. When you make mistakes, how do you respond? If your mistake leaves a trail of hurt and destruction in the lives of others, do you make amends and apologize with actions and empathy?
Interview With John Castagnini of the \ThankGodi\ Series. Even though every cloud might have a silver lining, does it really make sense to actually be thankful for the tragic, even horrific events in our lives? John Castagnini thinks so.
Occupy D.C. Members On 'Sleep Strike,' Doctor Calls It 'Distinctly Unhealthy'. Why go hungry when you can stay awake? Yesterday, the Examiner's Aubrey Whelan took note of two members of Occupy D.C. who
Marge Fitzsimmons, 36-Year-Old LeRoy Woman, Has Same Mystery Illness Affecting Teens. HLN reported that she was also diagnosed with conversion disorder, from stress and childhood trauma. The other teenagers
No More 'Senior Moments'. As you get older, worrying about declines in memory is far more damaging to your ability to think than any actual declines in memory ability. So relax. When you get older, you probably aren't that much more forgetful than your typical teen.
The Death and Dying Series Part Two. Remember, grief is normal and if you think you need some help and compassion, you don't have to be alone in your grief.  But you do have to reach out for help.  You might be surprised by the resources available.
Weight Loss Success. Check out more of our inspiring weight loss stories below
Resistance. How often do you tell yourself that you are wrong, bad, inadequate, unworthy, a jerk, stupid and so on? I've found, in the many years I've been counseling, that most people are frequently inwardly judgmental.
Can Your Dog Make You Stop Snacking?. I doubt if there will be a new category of service dog trained to appear and bark when it's owner, the dieter, is sneaking a snack. But would surveillance, by dog, human or a video camera, like the kind that catch you if you run a red light, inhibit the covert eater?
Two Steps to Rebooting Your Resolutions. Real change can be hard to come by, and it's tempting to want to start lowering expectations, or throw in the towel on your goal completely.  But don't despair, because it's not too late to push the reset button and try tackling those goals again.
Study. What makes someone attractive to you? Specific physical features? A particular personality type? A certain indefinable quality of character or depth of soul? All reasonable answers, sure, but there's another critical influence on who you're attracted to
Day Three. Delaying treatment for beyond an hour can cause irreversible damage to the heart muscle, which is why Yale University researchers are using heart attack survivors to solve the problem of delayed care-seeking.
7 February Superfoods. The new year is now in full-swing, and those hopeful resolutions we made last month are but a fading memory for many of us
Mysterious Illness at Le Roy School. Recently, the media has burst with stories about 15 teenagers in Le Roy, N.Y., where their tic-like symptoms and uncontrolled utterances have baffled local residents, school officials and families. The NYS Department of Health has been on the scene.
After Trauma. We try to create order by blaming someone or something. We can blame God and sometimes even blame the victim. But usually we blame ourselves, irrational as it may be. All of this is an effort to calm our brains and try to make sense of our lives.
Upsize Love. Maybe if we were more honest with ourselves -- and each other -- about what we wanted, we'd actually find love.
2012. People who have goals achieve more results in their lives. The issue is that the majority of people don't have clearly-defined annual goals -- goals that are written down, goals that are a clear statement of your top priorities for the coming year.
Go Red. Looking to the future, increased investments are needed in basic science and clinical research to advance our understanding of how heart diseases and their treatments uniquely affect women.
How the Internet Is Changing Our Brain. Most people enjoy using the Internet on a daily basis. But for older adults, it could promote active learning as they grow older. A recent article from Discovery Science has found that those who use the Internet frequently use their brains more than those who just read a book.
Join Eckhart Tolle, Jim Carrey and John Raatz in Raising Consciousness Through Entertainment, Media and the Arts. It is said when the student is ready the teacher will appear. In this case, spiritually-aware people in entertainment and media have been waiting for a movement that will echo the awakening now happening around the world. And it has arrived, in the form of \GATE.\
We Mimic The Way Our Dining Companions Eat, Study Finds. The first finding was that the total amount of food eaten, measured in grams, was highly correlated among the eating pairs
How I Kicked The Diet Soda Habit (And How You Can Too). Over the past year, I've learned that my calorie-free drink of choice may be doing more harm than I thought. And so I drank my last diet soda on New Year's Eve 2011.
Toxic Sugar. For more, here are the paper's authors in conversation
Michelle Obama Vs. Ellen DeGeneres On Air Push-Up Contest. Just how fit is our First Lady? Watch her use those famous, enviably chiseled guns to best talk show host Ellen DeGeneres
What the Groundhog Is Really Telling Us. Though decidedly silly, Groundhog Day is a direct and thriving descendant of age-old midwinter divinatory practices.
Heart Health. President Barack Obama has officially proclaimed February to be American Heart Month, just as every president has done before
Sleep Apnea, Silent Strokes Linked. Particularly, researchers found that having more than five episodes of sleep apnea in a night is linked with having silent
Depression in the Workplace. Under the Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act, which went into effect in 2010, companies with 50-plus employees
Post-Exercise Massages Work. To learn more, listen to Melov explain the research in this video
Great Things Happen When We Work Together. The next time you walk down the beverage aisle in your local grocery store or go to grab a drink from the cooler in the corner store, we hope you'll find the calorie labels useful and within the wide variety of choices something that works for you.
How to Tell If You're a Food Addict and What You Can Do About It. What do we mean when we say we're a \foodaholic\?  It's confusing because, of course, we're all addicted to food since we need to eat to live.  Essentially, we are all food addicts.
For the Interim Time.... I learn to trust that, much like the growth that takes place beneath the earth before a new shoot appears, movement and evolution may rumble below the surface before making an obvious appearance.
More Is Not Always Better. When it comes to medicine, all too often we think, \Well, if a little is good for you then more must be better!\ But three recently published studies underscore why, when it comes to our health, more may actually be more than we need.
The Benefits of Tears. One of the many things tears can do is remind us of our humanness, our vulnerability, our connection to one another and to things much bigger than the specific circumstances we are facing.
What We Learn as We Age. Learning is an ongoing process that doesn't end with old age. Learning anything requires discipline, practice, humility and hard work. It's intensely rewarding, and the process is invigorating.
We Tried It. By the time class was finished, we were all relaxed, acclimated to the board and feeling a bit of burn. Just like real surfers -- almost.
Do You Judge?. Why is she so thin?  She must be devastated over her marriage.  Is she on drugs?  Everyone seems to have a question or comment when someone famous is going through a rough patch.  It is so easy to assume or come to a conclusion on what the story is.
Super Bowl Health Hazards. Each year around the Super Bowl, those of us who make it our business to write about health start harping on the dangers
How Signs Could Get People To Take The Stairs. They established a baseline of how many trips left from or returned to the lobby. Then this sign went up
Could PANS Cause Tourette-Like Symptoms In Le Roy High School Students?. This case really forces the issue. Whether it's the toxins or PANDAS or whatever, I think we will learn a lot from it. I
Stroke Risk. \If I were being perfectly scientifically rigorous, I would say, 'Yes, there are questions left to answer,'\ said Dr. Patrick
Cats Sleeping. For more on pet health, click here. According to the National Sleep Foundation's most recent annual Sleep in America poll
Astrology Now. This can be a high-urgency week wherein many matters come to a head -- or at least attempt to come to a head. Many can have a feeling that if something doesn't happen now it never will. But don't worry.
Unbinding the Heart. It took me years to realize the value of replenishing myself and putting myself on the top of my to do list, of taking care of myself so I can take care of others. And at some point I really got that the key to happiness is to going deep inside myself and realizing that I was enough and that is what I call the process of unbinding.
Music Training Could Help Hearing In Old Age, Study Shows. Scientists reported in the Neurobiology of Aging study that \aging disrupts neural timing, reducing the nervous system's
Norovirus Is Leading Cause Of U.S. Hospital Infectious Outbreaks. Norovirus can be spread by touching surfaces that have been contaminated, or by consuming contaminated food and water, according
Crab-Like Robot Removes Early-Stage Stomach Cancer. SINGAPORE, Feb 1 (Reuters) - Inspired by Singapore's famous chilli crab dish, researchers have created a miniature robot
Super Bowl Foods. Football and commercials aside, the Super Bowl is all about the snacks. In fact, the average American will pack away nearly
Sit All Day? 6 Ways To Stay Active At Your Desk. CBS reports that the results of the study won't be published until May. In the meantime, click through the slideshow below
Diet Soda A Day Linked With Higher Risk Of Stroke, Heart Attack. Study researcher Hannah Gardener warned that more research is needed, but said in a statement that the \results suggest a
Alzheimer's Disease Spreads By 'Jumping' Around The Brain, Study Finds. Their aim was to map the progression of tau, an abnormal protein that forms tangles of protein fibers in the brains of people
Conversion Disorder and Mass Hysteria. For an episode of mass hysteria to begin, all that is necessary is troubled times in the culture, a shared set of beliefs and a final, fearful, anxiety-provoking trigger to set the phenomenon into motion.
Should Grief Be Treated the Same as Depression?. The American Psychiatric Association (APA) may soon redefine what we know as grief to depression, if symptoms last more than two weeks.
PepsiCo's Imperative to Increase Wellness. I find how Yach is looking at health and wellness -- from the ground up -- almost revolutionary amid the status quo, and his working within this snack foods giant to improve quality of life around the world a mighty stand.
Living Transformation. Playing the perfection game is like being in prison.  We hold ourselves hostage to a false idea of who we should be based on someone else's standards.
10 Psychological Tricks for Eating Girl Scout Cookies Mindfully. It's that time of year again for some of the best cookies on earth.  How can you resist buying a box (or five) from your favorite schoolgirl?  Let's face it.  Those little cookies are hard to eat mindfully.
Tall, Dark, Handsome and Not Likely to Die of Heart Failure. Not long ago I passed a tall man in the grocery store and almost stopped him to say, \Excuse me, you have a 24 percent lower risk for heart failure because of your height.\ I consider a potential faux pas like this an occupational hazard now that I have taken on the challenge of blogging about hearts during American Heart Month.
Progesterone. There is a certain comfort that comes from prescribing an approved drug for its FDA-indicated purpose. However, the most exciting news in preterm birth prevention resulted from two studies published in 2003 using compounded progesterone. Since then, the involvement of Pharma and the FDA seems only to have undermined patient care.
Health From the Outside In. As a celebrity-crazed nation that is fixated on looks, unfortunately it's not the look of our arteries that we are worried about.  If I can't get people to worry about how their insides look, maybe I can get them to focus on their health from the outside in.
Super Bowl Playlist. The rap-heavy playlist features everyone from Jay-Z, Drake and Rick Ross to Lil Boosie and Tyga. Most of the tracks also
Unbinding Our Hearts. As we approach February and the theme of love, I know of no better way to begin what is coming in the next few weeks than to share an interview with someone well-versed in the affairs of the heart
Indoor Tanning Salons Deny Health Risks To Customers, Congressional Investigation Finds. Few tanning salons tell the truth about the health risks of indoor bronzing, according to an investigative report conducted
Staying Bedbug-Free in the Direct Care Industry. While there are no cure-alls for staying 100 percent bedbug free, there are steps to take to stay educated and aware to feel a little bit better about protecting yourself and your family while serving those in need.
Connecting With Alzheimer's Patients -- Even in the Latest Stages of the Disease. There are four activities that can typically reach persons at all stages of Alzheimer's disease. Being visited by a child is one of them, as young Max discovered.  Others include having a visit from a pet, listening to or playing music and observing or creating artwork.
Work Hard For Denser Bones. Researchers followed 1,061 25-year-old Swedish women, measuring total body bone density, as well as density of neck, spine
Kristen Bell's Adorable Meltdown. Kristen Bell's adorable quotient is sky-rocketing after a video showing her bawling tears is making its way around the Internet
12 Reasons To Avoid GMOs. 2. Research has shown that laboratory mammals fed GMOs suffer adverse effects that include damage to kidneys, liver, adrenal
US Panel Defends Call To Censor Bird Flu Studies. * Risk of harm was too great - US biosecurity official CHICAGO, Jan 31 (Reuters) - A potentially deadlier form of the bird
3 Ways To Make Over Your Sleep. Are you getting the best sleep possible? If you just answered a bleary-eyed \No,\ chances are your sleep patterns need a
Alison Sweeney, 'Biggest Loser' Host, And Her Dog Winky Battle Pet Obesity. A
Virtual Community. Because we know that we can always get on Facebook, or tweet or text, the very manner in which we are interacting in the physical world has changed.  We are less engaged and less committed, less dependent upon this moment of being together for connection and emotional nourishment.
6 Healthy Carbs To Keep In Your Diet. I've never been a fan of low-carb diets
Do These Drug Ads Offend You?. It's no secret that drug ads that sow hypochondria, raise health fears and \sell\ diseases are often the most common -- and effective -- even when the drugs themselves are of questionable safety.
Love And Health. \During separations, only lengthy phone calls appeared to 'stand in' for contact,\ study researcher Lisa Diamond, of the
Skiers vs. Snowboarders. The snowboard vs. ski divide is largely a cultural one. From a fitness standpoint, both activities are regarded as great
New Cure for Chronic Disease Discovered. I realized we had to decentralize health care and put patients and communities at the center of the solution empowering them to create health, not simply treat disease. I realized that if you were sick, the best place to create health might not be the doctor or clinic but your own community.
HIV Is 'Like Diabetes'? Let's Stop Kidding Ourselves. As an HIV-positive 53-year-old, familiar with the health details of some near and dear diabetics, and having just written an article about the type-2 (\adult onset\) diabetes epidemic, I'd say this
5 Steps to Positive Life Change (and the Big Payoff!). With the foundation for positive life change now in place, it's time to take action. Here are the five steps you must take to turn possibility and hope into real change.
Legacy Writing. Whether we have such legacies from our past or not, let us commit this day going forward to offer our own written words of caring and love to those who matter most to us. This writing will open our hearts.
Six Steps to Beat Stress and Boost Immunity. Scientists have known for years that major and minor life stresses interfere with immune function and contribute to disease.
5 Tips to Give Yourself a Break!. At the end of the day, when you have no more energy and you begin to think about the day to come, you deserve to have a moment of \Phew, I did the best I could today.\
In Memory of Maggie. Margaret Corbett Daley, a Chicago icon, passed away from Stage 4 breast cancer on Thanksgiving Eve, 2011. Let us now reflect back on the life of this very charismatic woman who paved a huge path for her adopted city Chicago.
Prescription Painkillers. If you or someone in your family needs a prescription painkiller to manage pain -- as many people do -- you and your doctor can take steps to avoid accidental overdoses.
Obama's War On Alzheimer's Disease. Brain scans and spinal fluid tests have begun to emerge that may let a scientist peer underneath the cranial hood some 10
Self-Acceptance. As a student of human nature, one of my favorite exercises is to try to divide people into two camps.
Can You Build a Fitness Habit in 21 Days?. If you can't make fitness a true habit, maybe a better question is, at what point do you start craving exercise? When does it become something you look forward to enough to do regularly without putting up an internal fight?
How Worried Should We Be about 'Totally Drug-Resistant' Tuberculosis?. Still, the case has prompted WHO to schedule a meeting in March to discuss the merits of creating a new \totally drug-resistant
Weight Loss Success. How I Lost It
Help Wanted! IHPC Stakeholder Report Details Integrative Medicine Opportunities in the Affordable Care Act. If you believe that empowering health-focused, integrative approaches and practitioners can make a difference in transforming U.S. health care, the convening of this event was a beautiful thing to behold.
Declining With Dignity. There's nothing quite like \placing\ an elderly family member in a \facility\ to conjure up feelings of guilt and shame and anger and, yes, failure.  None of those feelings was communicated to us in any way by my father-in-law.
How Sick Do You Think You Are? It Could Affect Your Health Outcome. How sick you think you are may play a big role in your health outcome, according to a new review of research. Recently, a
The London Declaration. In London today, global health leaders announced an unprecedented commitment to control or eliminate 10 diseases by the end of this decade.
Can Conflict Actually Improve Relationships?. Instead of labeling the other person or our ourselves as bad or wrong, see this as an opportunity or contrasting life situation that will allow you to build a bridge to a better place, a more desirable moment.
How Yoga Hasn't Wrecked My Body (Yet). My advice is that we consider yoga part of a healthy lifestyle. We need to breathe, stretch, be mindful of our bodies, reflect, meditate and perhaps pray.
P90X Cardio Workout. The American Council on Exercise asked a panel of sports science and physical therapy researchers from the University of
Brown Fat. By all means, stay tuned to the smoke signals about brown fat.  But I urge you to keep other irons in the fire.
Yoga Journal 21-Day Challenge, Day 21. When our partner Yoga Journal put out the call for their 21-Day Yoga Challenge, we knew we wanted to be a part of it. Over
23 Ways To Push Through A Tough Workout. There are ways to push through the invisible wall and squeeze every last drop out of a workout. Read on for tricks and tips
Having Trouble Getting Yourself to Write? 9 Tips. The most challenging aspect of being a writer? Writing. When I find myself struggling to be productive or creative, I remind myself of these nine tips.
Will New DSM-5 Criteria For Autism Spectrum Disorder Exclude Some People?. Marja-Leena Mattila of the University of Oulu in Finland conducted the only epidemiological study published so far that explicitly
Bella Santorum Hospitalized With Pneumonia. ABC News reported that Bella has pneumonia in both of her lungs. Bella Santorum, the youngest daughter of Republican presidential
Children's A.D.D. Drugs Don't Work Long-Term. Three million children in this country take drugs for problems in focusing. Toward the end of last year, many of their parents
Aggrieved Over Grief as a Diagnosis in DSM. My concern is that if we add grief, or internet addiction or \Facebook depression\ to an already-growing number of diagnoses, we are likely to find  that nearly everyone on this planet suffers from mental illness.
We Tried It. Growing up, I was much more likely to use my jump ropes to tie my wagon to the back of my bike so I could tow things around than actually skip with them down the driveway. So I was admittedly a bit apprehensive when my colleague and I decided to try a jump rope workout class.
Minding Your Own Life. The bottom line is that no matter what our beliefs are, they are often based largely on interpretations handed to us by others. Sometimes those beliefs resonate with our own internal truth, and sometimes they don't. Regrettably, we often hold beliefs that we ourselves don't believe at our core.
Healthy Super Bowl Recipes. The Super Bowl is one of the biggest calorie-fests of the year for many Americans. The average football fan eats about a
Study Shows That The Location Of The Itch Matters. The researchers induced an itch on the ankles, forearms and backs of 18 subjects. And the research team also relieved the
4 Foods to Soothe Sore Muscles. Making sure your workout is challenging without overdoing it is one way to prevent muscle soreness. But research also points to some foods and beverages that can help ward off and minimize exercise-related muscle soreness.
The Upside and Downside of Being Nice at Work. There is a real paradox in our relationship with the quality of being nice.  On the one hand, parents want their kids to be nice. On the other hand, there is a clear sense that being nice can sometimes be a disadvantage.
Self-Help Is for Suckers. Are you looking to be a happier, more productive, more successful person? Are you in the market for self-help? Then the better advice is stop putting so much effort into finding your \authentic\ self. Learn to embrace the self as flexible.
Yoga Journal 21-Day Challenge, Day 20. When our partner Yoga Journal put out the call for their 21-Day Yoga Challenge, we knew we wanted to be a part of it. Over
Taco Bell 'First Meal' And Other Fast Food Breakfast Offenders. Taco Bell released their \first meal\ (read
Shoveling Snow? How to Protect Your Back (And Your Heart). Work up to it. Warm up inside, and incorporate stretches (especially for the hamstrings) as well as core-strengthening exercises
7 Reasons Working Too Much Is Bad For Your Health. If you're the last one to leave the office, or constantly picking up an extra shift, you may see the benefits in that paycheck
The Sleep Library. Do you toss and turn until you finally sit up and flip on the light? Here are 11 books to get you through the endless, restless
The Benefits of Caring for a Pet. For the young as well as the old, especially if they have Alzheimer's disease or another form of memory loss, there are many benefits in caring for pets.
This Is Only the Beginning. My great-aunt Ida loves to say, \This is only the beginning.\ Gearing up for her 101st birthday this May, Ida thrives on a daily Coca-Cola, full-bellied laughter, and an abundance of nourishing memories. Ida is remarkable not only for how long she's lived, but also for how she's lived.
