Morgan Freeman Dropped From Marketing Campaigns After Harassment Accusations Both Visa and Vancouver's public transit system have suspended work with him.
The Joy Of Watching Harvey Weinstein\u2019s Perp Walk There's a delicious schadenfreude in seeing a powerful abuser finally held accountable.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week \Welcome to adulthood. You have a favorite spatula now.\
Morgan Freeman Accused Of Inappropriate Behavior And Sexual Harassment Eight people told CNN that they were victims of harassment and inappropriate behavior by the actor.
What Do You Say To Sexist Passengers? This Female Pilot Has The Perfect Response. \Fact is, I can fly an \u00a380m jet, you can\u2019t.\
Time's Up Takes Aim At McDonald's, Walmart Over Sexual Harassment Complaints Low-wage workers are fighting back with the help of Hollywood donors.
Trump Knew A 'Scary' Amount About The Appearance Of Bill Gates' Daughter Nope nope nope nope nope nope nope.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week \Coffee mugs do a lot of heavy lifting when it comes to personality in the workplace.\
The Miss America Pageant Is Now Headed By Women After Email Scandal The appointments of former pageant winners follow male board members abruptly resigning in December.
Larry Nassar Victims To Receive $500 Million In Michigan State Settlement In the event of future lawsuits, $75 million will be set aside.
Kristen Stewart Ditches Heels On Cannes Red Carpet, Defying 'No Flats' Rule Going, going, gone.
Cannes Film Festival Promises Greater Gender Equality After Times Up Activism In the Cannes festival's seven decades, only 82 movies directed by women have competed in the main slate, compared with 1,645 directed by men.
Southern Baptist Leader Apologizes For Past 'Hurtful' Comments About Women Paige Patterson's remarks about women and abuse have been causing division in Southern Baptist circles.
82 Women Take To Cannes Red Carpet To Protest Inequality In Film \u201cWomen are not a minority in the world, yet the current state of the industry says otherwise,\u201d said Cate Blanchett.
Cornell Student Delivers Thesis In Underwear After Professor Questions Her Outfit A group of students defended the professor, writing that she was \noting the importance of professionalism.\
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week \On a scale of Kanye to Donald Glover, how are you feeling today?\
Samantha Bee Delivers Blistering Takedown Of Former NY AG Eric Schneiderman \Eric Schneiderman, you are trash and we do not need you.\
NY Governor Assigns Investigation Into Eric Schneiderman Abuse Allegations A special prosecutor will look into claims that the former attorney general physically abused at least four women.
Child Sexual Predator Roman Polanski Calls Me Too Movement 'Total Hypocrisy' The director argued that people are embracing Me Too \chiefly out of fear.\
Evangelical Women Are Condemning A Southern Baptist Leader's 'Sinful' Remarks Paige Patterson has come under scrutiny for past comments advising women to stay in abusive relationships.
Gloria Steinem \u201cIt\u2019s way, way more than anything I\u2019ve ever seen,\ the iconic feminist said.
Michelle Obama Explains Why People Shouldn't Look To Her To Run For Office \It is not finding the one right person that we think can save us from ourselves. It\u2019s us.\
Preacher Speaks Up About The Misogyny She's Faced In Evangelical Circles Beth Moore started an important conversation about sexism in the church, and dozens of women are chiming in to support her.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week \I'm already stressed out about summer being over happy May 1st.\
Iowa Lawmakers Just Approved The Most Restrictive Abortion Bill In The Country The bill would ban abortion if a heartbeat is detected, which usually occurs around six weeks. It now goes to the state's Republican governor.
Dozens More Women Say Charlie Rose Sexually Harassed Them The former CBS News host is accused of groping women and exposing himself as far back as 1976.
Cate Blanchett Says Harvey Weinstein Sexually Harassed Her And Should Be Prosecuted The actress also expressed support for Dylan Farrow, who has accused Woody Allen of child sexual abuse.
School Hangs Up 'Modesty Ponchos' To Ensure Students Abide By Prom Dress Code The Catholic high school in Dearborn, Michigan, initially said teachers would hand out the ponchos at prom if female students did not wear an appropriate dress.
In New Accusations, Netflix Producer Says Harvey Weinstein Raped, Threatened Her Alexandra Canosa, who worked on \Marco Polo,\ says Weinstein abused her and told her not to talk.
R. Kelly Says The Time's Up Campaign Against Him Is 'Unjust And Off-Target' \Since America was born, black men and women have been lynched for having sex or for being accused of it,\ a representative for the singer said.
Jessica Chastain Sums Up The Problem With The Phrase 'Be A Man' In 1 Tweet \The old fashioned stereotype doesn't work,\ the actress tweeted.
Bill Cosby Publicist Invokes Emmett Till In Calling Cosby's Accusers Liars \Since when are all women honest?\ a spokeswoman for the convicted comedian said.
Former Disney Execs Launch Social Network For Girls Maverick aims to connect and empower young women and girls.
Larry Nassar\u2019s Boss Accused Of Assaulting Students In Practice Exam Michigan State University dean William Strampel was head of the department that employed convicted child molester Larry Nasser.
Bill Cosby's Accusers Here's how the women who came forward reacted after Cosby was found guilty.
Statue Of Suffragist Millicent Fawcett Unveiled In London's Parliament Square She's the only statue of a woman in London's historic Parliament Square.
Cosby Accuser Lili Bernard Leaves Courtroom In Tears After He's Found Guilty \It is a victory for all sexual assault survivors, female and male,\ Bernard said of the verdict in Bill Cosby's trial.
Aly Raisman Challenges Colleges To 'Stand Up For What's Right' On Sexual Assault \Putting reputations above safety needs to stop,\ the Olympic gymnast wrote.
Lindy West's 'Shrill' Is Being Adapted By Aidy Bryant For Hulu Hulu described the production as \u201cthe story of a fat young woman who wants to change her life, but not her body.\u201d
TV Is Finally Catching Up With Real Single Women \UnREAL\ joins a lengthy list of TV shows subverting the idea that for women, all narrative roads lead toward coupledom.
15 Unique Gifts For Mom This Mother's Day Unique gifts for the special lady in your life.
The Fearless Girl Statue Is Being Relocated She's not going far, though.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week \Running shoes? No, I don't run. These are my cake gettin' shoes.\
Let's Not Give Alleged Harassers A Comeback Narrative A spate of recent stories wonder if men exposed by Me Too can return to the spotlight. Their accusers often can't.
Southwest's Tammie Jo Shults Joins The Legacy of Badass Female Pilots The pilot who calmly landed a stricken airliner this week is one of many women who have owned the skies.
18 Of The Best Self Care Mother's Day Gift Ideas Mindful gifts to keep her balanced.
Now A Company Is Using 'The Handmaid's Tale' To Sell Lingerie Because nothing gets someone all hot and bothered quite like an \n\u201cOffred\u201d camisole.
Bill Cosby's Admission Of Giving Quaaludes To Women Allowed In Retrial Prosecutors say the admission helps establish a pattern of serial sexual abuse.
Terry Crews The actor and activist said men often don't see women as \all the way human.\
Janice Dickinson Says She Covered Up Cosby Rape In Her Memoir The former model testified she was warned that revealing the assault would ruin her career, so she left it out of her book.
Forget Russia, It's These Women Who Could Ultimately Bring Down Trump It is starting to look like Stormy Daniels and former Playmate Karen McDougal have a clear shot at toppling Trump.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week \In lieu of coffee, I energize myself by having heated, imaginary debates w/ Ed Sheeran, my personal nemesis\
Viola Davis On The Lifelong Impact Sexual Violence Has On Women \u201cYou could go into any prison in this country and, I guarantee you, you could trace it all back to sexual assault,\ she said of women inmates.
The Rape Kit Backlog Shows Exactly How We Regard Women In This Country Mariska Hargitay\u2019s new documentary \u201cI Am Evidence\u201d humanizes the rape kit crisis.
The UN Women\u2019s Empowerment Group Is Looking For A 'Masculine' Writer The writing job listed \u201cmasculine (smart sarcasm)\u201d as its preferred tone -- until HuffPost started asking about it.
Aly Raisman Reminds Sexual Abuse Survivors 'It\u2019s OK To Not Be OK' The Olympic gymnast and sexual assault survivor gave a talk at Louisiana State University on Wednesday.
Man Accused Of Raping Teen Who Later Turned Up Dead Now Accused Of Her Murder Mujey Dumbuya intended to testify against her accused rapist in court.
Model Turns To Twitter To Be First Trans Woman Of Color To Walk For Victoria's Secret People have responded in droves to support Leyna Bloom and say #TransIsBeautiful.
This Isn\u2019t A Pay \u2018Gap,\u2019 It\u2019s A Freaking Black Hole Shocking new data from the U.K. reveal the harsh truth about the fight for equal pay. Women are virtually shut out from all the top-paying jobs.
HBO Says It Corrected Its Pay Gaps, Thanks To Reese Witherspoon And Time's Up HBO\u2019s president of programming characterized the network's move to examine pay on \all of our shows\ as a result of the Time\u2019s Up movement.
Topless Protester Says Bill Cosby 'Disempowered Women's Bodies For Decades' Nicolle Rochelle, who appeared on \The Cosby Show\ in the 1990s, said she wanted to make Cosby \uncomfortable.\
Janelle Mon\u00e1e's New Music Video Is A Pink, Vagina-Inspired Celebration Come for Tessa Thompson crawling through Mon\u00e1e's legs. Stay for the girl power anthem.
Catt Sadler On The 'Dark Little Secret' We Need To Do Away With On Equal Pay Day The former E! News co-host spoke to HuffPost about her fight to end pay inequality and why more men need to get involved.
Junot D\u00edaz \I never told anyone what happened, but today I\u2019m telling you. And anyone else who cares to listen,\u201d the author says.
Tony Robbins Apologizes Amid Backlash Over Me Too Comments \It is clear that I still have much to learn,\ the self-help guru said in a statement Sunday.
Tony Robbins Apologizes For Grossly Mischaracterizing The Me Too Movement Another woman sparked cheers for standing up against Robbins as he opined on the movement.
Anne Hathaway Shuts Down Potential Body Shamers The actress says she's gaining weight for a new movie role, and she's not having haters.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week \she died as she lived
Woman Who Says Mormon Church Failed To Discipline Her Abuser Files Lawsuit McKenna Denson says the president of a Mormon missionary training center raped her in 1984.
Author Of Viral 'Prom Dress/Wedding Dress' Reveals Why She Really Wrote It \Just because someone doesn't feel the way you do, doesn't mean they're psycho,\ the author said.
How Coded Language And Emojis Are Helping China's Feminists Skirt Censorship \Rice Bunny\ has become social media shorthand for discussions about #MeToo and sexual harassment.
20 Alternative Mother\u2019s Day Cards For The Supportive Women In Your Life Who aren't your mom.
Women Are Describing Themselves As A Male Writer Would, And It\u2019s Brilliant A Twitter challenge that puts the male gaze in reverse has become delightfully feminist.
President Who Bragged Of Groping Women Declares Sexual Assault Awareness Month \Offenders too often evade accountability,\ Trump said in his proclamation.
Larry Nassar Survivors Feel 'Violated All Over Again' After MSU Surveillance Monitoring social media accounts during a criminal case is not uncommon, but it's left many of the women feeling revictimized.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week \'Did I put deodorant on?' -- Me six times a day\
A New Jersey Judge Asked A Woman If She Closed Her Legs To Prevent Rape John F. Russo has been on paid administrative leave since May 2017.
Don't Tell Model Winnie Harlow She's 'Suffering' From Vitiligo \Do you see me suffering?\u201d
These Painfully Hilarious Comics Capture Life As A Muslim Woman In America \u201cMuslim women don\u2019t often get a platform to tell our stories or share the silly -- sometimes stressful --\n idiosyncrasies of our day-to-day lives,\u201d Huda Fahmy said.
For Trump, Women Are Objects To Be Bought And Sold The story Stormy Daniels told on \60 Minutes\ is extreme, but the way the president treated her is classic sexual harassment.
Aly Raisman Is Not OK With Banning Gymnastics Leotards To Prevent Abuse The Olympic gymnast called out victim shaming in a series of tweets.
The French Government Is Proposing A Bill To Protect Women. Here's What Finally Propelled Them To Do So. Behind each section of France's new bill lies a person or story.
Evangelical Pastor Claims Traditional Gender Roles Can Prevent Sexual Abuse Advocates for survivors of sexual abuse believe John Piper's traditional theology is part of the problem.
Evil Eye Gloves Are The New Pussy Hats At The March For Our Lives The evil eye gloves are perhaps less obvious in their symbolism.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week On avoiding taxes and men, eating when you want and pausing everything for Toto's \Africa.\
You Can Now Buy Your Very Own 'Fearless Girl' Statue It'll cost you though. \ud83d\ude2c
The Irony Of Joe Biden Trying To Protect Women By Threatening Donald Trump Because responding to violence against women with more violence is, well, not the answer.
Former Mormon Missionary Center Leader Accused Of Sexual Assault A 55-year-old woman claims she was assaulted at a missionary training center in 1984.
Maryland Governor Candidate Breastfeeds In New Campaign Ad \u201cI\u2019m a mom. I\u2019m a woman. And I want to be your next governor.\u201d
In 'Margaritaville,' Broadway's Lisa Howard Finds Strength And Self-Worth The star of Jimmy Buffett's new musical is proud not to fit into anyone else's mold.
Tennessee Pastor Resigns After Admitting Sexual 'Incident' Was 'Abuse Of Power' Twenty years after allegedly molesting a teenager, Andy Savage is stepping away from ministry.
Cardi B Talks Me Too Movement, Justice For Video Vixens In New Interview \u201cThese producers and directors, they\u2019re not woke, they\u2019re scared,\ says the rapper on men supporting #MeToo.
Women Of All Ages Support Me Too, But More Younger Women Worry About Fallout A new survey from Vox and Morning Consult found that women of all ages support the movement against sexual harassment and assault.
Polish Women Protest Catholic Bishops' Intervention In Abortion Debate Hundreds gathered this weekend to oppose a law that would further restrict reproductive rights in Poland.
Jameela Jamil's 'I Weigh' Instagram Celebrates Body Positivity, Self-Worth The \u201cI Weigh\u201d movement hopes to show individuals their value so they can see \u201chow amazing\u201d they are \u201cbeyond the flesh on our bones.\u201d
Muslim Women Forced To Remove Hijab For Mugshots File Civil Rights Lawsuit When New York police took a photo of her without a headscarf, plaintiff Jamilla Clark said, \I felt as if I were naked.\
Not Every Woman In A Position Of Power Is A Feminist Hero Gina Haspel\u2019s dark past makes her a complicated figure for feminists to support.
17 Children's Books To Read To Your Kids In Honor Of Women's History Month You'll want to read these titles inspired by real women's lives year-round.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week \I just worked out where is my award please\
Jenna Jameson Calls On Women To #DropTheCover And Celebrates Motherhood \This is my calling... motherhood,\ says the former adult film star.
Rihanna Blasts Snapchat Ad That Made Light Of Chris Brown Assaulting Her The social media company apologized and removed the ad last weekend.
17 Country Songs With Feminist Messages These songs by female country artists tackle women's issues and promote their empowerment.
Survivor Calls For Change In How Churches Respond To Abuse Allegations \The church should have been the first group to stand up and say, \u2018We will not allow this.\u2019\u201d
Lynda Carter, The Original Wonder Woman, Shares Her Own Me Too Story \Ask any woman, they\u2019re not surprised,\ Carter said of the number of women's stories about sexual harassment.
4 Men Stand Around While Woman Scrubs 'Happy International Women\u2019s Day' From Steps Give this woman a raise.
Nearly 1 In 4 Men Worldwide Think It's Fine For Bosses To Expect Sex From An Employee Sexual harassment at work isn\u2019t even illegal in nearly one-third of the world.
Catholic Women's Event Persists Despite Vatican's Rejection Of Progressive Participants The Vatican did not approve of a lesbian activist and her allies speaking during a women's conference in Rome.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week How to use bitcoins, Sam Nunberg jokes and more.
Ivanka Trump's Women's Day Tribute Went Exactly As You'd Expect \I stand amazed and stunned at how you try to keep up this act.\
28 Photos Of Women Rallying Around The Globe On International Women's Day Witness the power of women's rage.
Brands With Spotty Histories On Feminism Cash In On International Women's Day Alleged boys' club ESPN has a new 30-second spot celebrating women athletes.
McDonald's Flipped Arches Totally Miss The Point Of Empowering Women It's corporate feminism at its worst.
40 Stunning Photos Of Women Working Around The World Because women's work can be anything from a butcher to a soccer coach.
Michelle Obama's Advice For Young Girl Leaders On International Women's Day \So often, our own fear of failure is the thing that keeps us back.\
How Working With Men And Boys Could Stop Domestic Violence Much of the work being done with men and boys is not well-known, despite the fact that this is a thriving movement.
16 Girls Who Changed The World Proof you're never too young to make an impact.
55 Incredible Photos Of Girls Going To School Around The World Happy International Women's Day!
Former Yale Student Found Not Guilty In Rare Campus Sexual Assault Trial Taking the stand for three days, the accuser maintained she had been too drunk to consent.
Google Features 12 Female Artists To Celebrate International Women's Day Happy Women's History Month!
Woman Who Accused Gary Oldman Of Assault Oldman won an Oscar for Best Actor for his role in \Darkest Hour.\
Bill And Melinda Gates Pledge $170 Million To Women's Economic Empowerment \When money flows into the hands of women who have the authority to use it, everything changes.\
Frida Kahlo And Other Historic Women Are Being Made Into Barbies Mattel is also honoring a few living legends, including Olympian Chloe Kim, this International Women's Day.
Women Slam Twitter For Hypocritical Oscars Ad About Female Empowerment The ad drew criticism from Twitter users who say the platform does little to curb online harassment.
Rita Moreno Wore Her Same Oscar Dress From 1962 The gown was made in the Philippines with an obi sash.
'Black Panther' Cast Made Sandra Bullock Cry 'As A Mother' \u201cI\u2019m so grateful to Marvel because about five years ago, my son asked me if there were any brown Legos... and I don\u2019t have to turn them brown anymore.\u201d
A Statue Of Harvey Weinstein On A Casting Couch Appears On Hollywood Boulevard The statue, near where the Oscars ceremony will be held this weekend, shows the disgraced executive lolling in a satin robe.
'Lemony Snicket' Out As Wesleyan Speaker Amid Reports Of Inappropriate Comments Anita Hill will take the author's place at the commencement ceremony.
Vatican Magazine Urges Church To Stop Using Nuns As Cheap Labor The article claims that nuns with PhDs are sometimes ordered to do domestic work or other chores.
'Princess Complicit' Ivanka Trump Skewered Over Women's History Month Tweet \Are you in a parallel universe from your father? Have you been alert and aware of anything he's done in the last 25 years when it comes to women?\
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week \NEVER READ THE COMMENTS would make a great tattoo.\
Steve Bannon \I respect it,\ said the former White House chief strategist. \I don't agree with it, but I respect it.\
Trump Proclaims Women's History Month In Painfully Ironic Statement Just don't think about his actual track record on supporting women's issues.
Woman Claims Pastor Abused Her As A Teen. He Continued Working With Youth For Years. Jennifer Roach wants to spark a conversation about how Protestant churches handle clergy sex abuse allegations.
15 Trailblazers On What History Books Will Say About Women's Activism In 2018 Happy Women's History Month!
Evan Rachel Wood Shared Her Harrowing Story Of Abuse And Assault With Congress The actress testified as part of a push to get more states to adopt the federal Sexual Assault Survivors' Bill of Rights Act.
Johnnie Walker Releases 'Jane Walker' Whisky To Celebrate Women's Rights \With every step, we all move forward,\ says the brand's new campaign.
Steve Wynn Accused Of Rape In New Police Filings The two women raise accusations against the Vegas casino mogul that date to the 1970s, according to The Associated Press.
Monica Lewinsky She's still grappling with consent and trauma 20 years after the Clinton scandal.
College\u2019s \u2018Women In Math\u2019 Panel Features Only Male Speakers Who thought this was a good idea?
Olympic Swimmer Ariana Kukors Is Ready To Fight Sexual Abuse In Sports The 28-year-old recently accused her former coach, Sean Hutchison, of sexually abusing her for nearly a decade.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The Olympics, \Friends,\ and the \50 Shades\ trilogy provided some great inspiration.
Female Journalists Tweet #MoreThanABabe To Protest Radio Bracket Ranking Women \Female meteorologists aren\u2019t 'weather ladies.' We are scientists.\
How Gun Violence And Toxic Masculinity Are Linked, In 8 Tweets Comedian Michael Ian Black thinks we should focus on gender roles in the wake of Wednesday's mass shooting.
Arizona Department Of Corrections Changes Menstrual Pad Policy Following Backlash But activists say it's not enough.
Heartbreaking PSA Highlights The Massive Backlog Of Untested Rape Kits \Behind every kit is a person -- a sexual assault survivor -- waiting for justice.\
New York's Attorney General Files Civil Rights Suit Against Harvey Weinstein The suit, which includes The Weinstein Company, targets a culture of misconduct \shrouded in secrecy.\
Teen Set To Testify Against Man She Accused Of Rape Found Dead Authorities in Michigan are investigating the death of Mujey Dumbuya, 16, as a homicide.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week We're here for all the lady Doritos takedowns.
Art Student Has Killer Comeback To Teacher's 'Dial Down The Feminism' Tip \THIS IS INCREDIBLE.\
Volunteer Gymnastics Coach Charged With Child Molestation Girls came forward with accusations amid publicity surrounding former USA Gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar's sentencing for sexual assault.
They Called Her A Bitch. Now, O.J. Prosecutor Marcia Clark Is Seeing Her Image Reborn. They also called her shrill, strident and emotional. Marcia Clark talks surviving sexism, and her hopes for #MeToo.
On \u2018The Bachelor,\u2019 Ambition Is Still An \u2018Obstacle\u2019 To Love But not a \hindrance,\ apparently.
Lindsey Vonn Deserves Gold For This Twitter Troll Shutdown \High fives buddy.\
Gloria Steinem Is she worried about backlash?  No. \u201cF**k them,\u201d the feminist icon said during a conference on women's empowerment.
South Korea Joins The #MeToo Movement South Korean prosecutor Seo Ji-hyeon inspired a wave of women to come forward and tell their stories.
People Hilariously Blast \u2018Lady Doritos\u2019 On Twitter PepsiCo\u2019s CEO said men enjoy licking Dorito dust off their fingers with \u201cgreat glee,\u201d but women don\u2019t. Oh, and that women  \don\u2019t like to crunch too loudly in public.\
Humane Society Board Members Quit Over Failure To Oust CEO For Harassment An internal investigation found sexual harassment complaints against CEO Wayne Pacelle were swept under the rug.
Female Executives Demand Resignation Of Grammy Chief Who Told Women To 'Step Up' \We step up every single day and have been doing so for a long time,\ they wrote.
22 Hilariously Perfect Gifts For Your Funny Galentine Who says Valentine\u2019s Day is only for celebrating ~romantic~ relationships? This Valentine\u2019s Day, celebrate the badass women
Canada's National Anthem Is About To Go Gender-Neutral Son of a gun. The two-word change had been debated for decades.
First Woman To Accuse Nassar Says Church Can Be One Of 'Worst Places' To Go For Help People who work with victims of sexual assault say the evangelical church should re-evaluate how it treats survivors.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week \I'm capable of remembering about 10 people's names and 6 of those people are dogs I follow on Instagram.\
One Of The Largest Retailers In The U.S. Is Launching A Hijab-Friendly Fashion Line Muslim and non-Muslim women will be able to purchase hijabs, tops and loose pants on the Macy's website.
Michigan Police Department Apologizes To Nassar Accuser For Not Believing Her Fourteen years later, Brianne Randall-Gay is getting her due.
21 Creative Valentine's Day Gifts For Her That Aren't Flowers Think outside the bouquet \ud83d\udc90
Radio Station Blasted For 'Babe Bracket' That Ranks Female Journalists On Looks They\u2019ve been doing this for some two decades and they\u2019re -- maybe -- rethinking it now.
California Moves Closer To Offering The Abortion Pill On Campuses SB 320 just passed the Senate, but it began with a group of UC Berkeley students.
India's 'Unwanted' Girls Number In The Millions, New Report Finds Widespread preference for sons drives families to keep having babies until a male child is born.
Donald Trump Admits He's Not A Feminist To The Surprise Of No One Piers Morgan tweeted his big breaking news to promote his presidential interview.
Betsy DeVos Sued For Weakening Sexual Assault Reporting Protections For Students The suit says DeVos and an assistant education secretary are convinced women are lying or are misunderstanding or regretting consensual sex.
MSU Athletic Director Mark Hollis Resigns In Wake Of Larry Nassar Scandal Nassar, who worked for the school for years, was sentenced this week to up to 175 years in prison.
The American Public Finally Heard The Women Larry Nassar Abused The court system worked to elevate the survivors\u2019 voices after they spent years being ignored and disbelieved.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week On giving up carbs, forgetting deodorant and taking being an introvert to a whole new level.
MSU Faces A Reckoning Over Its Handling Of Sexual Abuse In 2015, the U.S. Department of Education cited a potentially \sexually hostile environment\ at the school.
Michigan State University President Resigns In Wake Of Sexual Assault Scandal Larry Nassar, the doctor who abused so many young women, will spend the rest of his life in prison.
People Think Ivanka Trump's New Twitter Bio Is An Insult To Women \I guess she finally got honest with herself.\
Aly Raisman The Olympic gymnast said USA Gymnastics and others need to be held accountable for Nassar's abuses, too.
The Only Type Of Muslim Woman Acceptable For Major Brands Is A Silent One \u201cWhite women and men are allowed to apologise and get their career back on track. Minorities on the other hand, one red card and you\u2019re out.\
She Was The First Woman To Go Public About Nassar. Read Her Statement In Full. Rachael Denhollander publicly accused Nassar in 2016. In court on Wednesday, she was the last survivor to address him.
33 Anti-Valentine's Day Gifts For People Who Despise Valentine's Day \Did you fall from heaven? Because so did Satan.\ \ud83d\udc98\ud83d\udc8b
Someone Edited This Music Festival Poster To Point Out Its Obvious Woman Problem \The struggle is real.\
19 Stunning Plus Size Lingerie Sets That'll Make Your Valentine Swoon \ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udc98\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udc98\ud83d\udd25
30 Photos Of Larry Nassar Survivors That Show The Rage And Resilience Of Women Over 160 victims and family members gave emotional testimonies.
Left Out Of #MeToo, Strippers Fight For More Rights In The Workplace \You think this is easy?\
James Franco Accusers Ask The actor was noticeably missing from Tuesday's list of Oscar nominees.
Widow Of Kansas Hate Crime Victim Tells Immigrants America Is Their Home, Too Sunayana Dumala hopes to spread a message of acceptance, \irrespective of color, race or religion.\
National Gymnastics Champion To Larry Nassar In her victim impact statement, Mattie Larson laid out how the culture of elite gymnastics allowed Nassar to abuse girls for so long.
Naomi Parker Fraley, Who Likely Inspired 'Rosie The Riveter' Poster, Dead At 96 Fraley was one of millions of American women who entered the workforce during World War II.
Constance Wu Calls Out The Fetishization Of Asians At Women's March \u201cI march today for Asian-American women who have been ignored, or judged or fetishized.\
L'Or\u00e9al Claims To Champion Diversity. But Now Its Only Hijabi Model Is Gone. Amena Khan stepped down after her old tweets criticizing Israel were uncovered.
The Voices Of Larry Nassar's Victims Made It All The Way To The Women\u2019s March Quotes from women who have spoken out against the former USA Gymnastics doctor appeared on protest signs.
Natalie Portman Shares The Horror Of Being Sexualized At Age 13 \u201cI excitedly opened my first fan mail to read a rape fantasy that a man had written me,\u201d she told the Women\u2019s March.
14 Romantic Gifts That Can Be Delivered Think inside the delivery box.
Women's March Activists Rally In Las Vegas, Vow To Bring Their 'Power To The Polls' Featured speakers include Cher, Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards, and civil rights icon Rep. John Lewis (D-Ga.).
Women's March Draws Massive Crowds In Cities Across The Nation \There\u2019s a lot more rage and a lot more anger in this march,\ said one protester.
Watch Halsey's Powerful Speech At The 2018 Women's March \I\u2019m invincible / And I\u2019m so fucking naive / I believe I\u2019m protected / \u2019Cause I live on a screen.\
Trump Tweeted Support For The Women's Marches. It Backfired. \Who wants to tell him?\
Signs For The 2018 Women's March Prove The Movement Is Here To Stay The movement continues to bring out thousands of protesters.
At Least 4 Sets Of Sisters Have Accused Larry Nassar Of Sexual Abuse \u201cI felt so lucky that I got to see the same doctor as all of my idols in the gymnastics world.\
Aly Raisman Tells Nassar 'You Are Pathetic' After He Complains About Sentencing Hearing The former USA Gymnastics doctor said it was too hard for him to listen to so many of his victims unload on him.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week \I took off my bra and a skittle fell out, but I don\u2019t remember the last time I ate skittles?\
Judge Calls Larry Nassar 'Delusional' For Saying It's Hard To Face His Victims \u201cSpending four or five days listening to them is significantly minor considering the hours of pleasure you had at their expense and ruining their lives,\u201d the judge said.
L'Oreal Paris Makes Historic Hire With Hijab-Wearing Amena Khan In Hair Campaign \u201cHow many brands are doing things like this? Not many,\ Khan told Vogue UK.
Olympian McKayla Maroney On Larry Nassar A prosecutor read the gymnast's powerful victim impact statement in court on Thursday.
A TV Series About The #MeToo Movement Is Coming To PBS The five-part series titled \u201d#MeToo, Now What?\u201d debuts on Feb. 2.
Ashleigh Banfield Responds On Air To Insulting Email From Aziz Ansari Story Reporter The HLN anchor read a portion of an email in which Katie Way bashed her age and looks.
The Thrill Of The Chase Isn't Sexy. It's Demeaning. By now, many of us have read Babe.net\u2019s published account of a date between \u201cGrace,\u201d an anonymous 23-year-old photographer
This Badass Ellen Pompeo Interview Is A Call For Women Everywhere To Get Paid The actress shared \Grey's Anatomy\ gossip and talked about knowing your worth with The Hollywood Reporter.
Most American Catholic Women Want The Church To Have Female Deacons, Poll Finds American Catholic women are ready to see female deacons preaching from the pulpit. But it's not up to them to decide.
Penelope Cruz Tried To Teach Ellen Spanish, And It Was Bleeping Great One phrase couldn't be translated on TV. But HuffPost is here to help!
Are You A Gamer Who's The Victim Of A Harassment Campaign? We want to talk to you.
You Might Not Be A Harvey Weinstein, But You Could Be An Aziz Ansari There are a lot of men out there getting very nervous.
Tennessee Pastor Accused Of Sexual Assault Placed On Leave Of Absence Highpoint Church faced criticism for appearing to give pastor Andy Savage a standing ovation.
25 Spot-On Galentine's Day Gifts For Your Long-Distance BFF It's only the best day of the year \ud83d\udc6f
Chrissy Teigen Offers To Pay Possible Fine For McKayla Maroney's Truth-Telling USA Gymnastics later said they won\u2019t seek any penalty from the former gymnast for discussing Larry Nassar's abuse.
Larry Nassar\u2019s Victims Get Their Day In Court Dozens of women are set to give impact statements about the abuse they faced from the former USA Gymnastics doctor.
Aziz Ansari Reminds Us That We Don\u2019t Want Your Faux\u00a0Feminism #TimesUp for feminist knock-offs.
Congresswoman Invites #MeToo Creator Tarana Burke To State of The Union Rep. Jackie Speier told MSNBC that she extended an invitation to the activist to show support for the cultural movement.
Don\u2019t Forget Why Moira Donegan Started The \u2018S**tty Media Men\u2019 List In The First Place It doesn\u2019t matter who compiled the list of sexual misconduct allegations in media. It matters that she had to.
San Francisco Takes A Stand To Protect Sex Workers Who Come Forward About Abuse Advocates applauded the new policy as the first of its kind in the country.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week \I just got an extra 10 minutes of resistance training trying to take off my sports bra.\
Floyd Mayweather Confuses #MeToo Movement In The Most Ignorant Way \When somebody be like, 'I got a Rolls Royce,' I be like 'me too.\u2019\
#TimesUp Saying that protesters honor rape is extreme but McGowan\u2019s critique of #TimesUp is not wrong. Though McGowan has since expressed
Age Is Not The Arbiter Of Relevance. See 'Sneaky' Dianne Feinstein Whenever I see an article that pits one generation against another, that categorizes the value and merit of any person in
Women Of The Internet Band Together To Protect 'S**tty Media Men' Author They're taking to Twitter with an \I am Spartacus\ movement.
I\u2019ve Learned How To Piss People Off \u2014 And You Should, Too Like Donald Trump, I know words. I have the best words. As a child, my favorite word was \u201cNo.\u201d As an adult, it\u2019s only slightly
Legendary French Actress Catherine Deneuve Decries #MeToo Movement As 'Puritanism' In an open letter, Deneuve and other prominent French women called the wave of sexual harassment allegations against prominent men \a witch hunt.\
Why Is The Media Looking For A Cat Fight? At last night\u2019s Golden Globes, Oprah Winfrey gave a speech that was, to put it mildly, inspirational. I stood in my living
You Might've Missed The Feminist Message Behind Emma Stone's Golden Globes Makeup Her makeup artist gave a subtle nod to suffragists as \a message of empowerment.\
Here\u2019s What You Should Know About The 8 Activists Who Went To The Golden Globes These women's work goes far beyond the scope of an awards ceremony.
Where Were All Those 'Phenomenal Men' At The Golden Globes Anyway? They wore black, but said little.
Emma Watson Opens Up About Sexual Harassment She's Faced In Hollywood \I have experienced the full spectrum,\ the actress said on the Golden Globes red carpet.
Why Kids Across The U.S. Are Writing Books About Female Heroes \Strong girls need to be writing strong pieces about other strong women in our communities.\
Alyssa Milano Demands Trump Be Held Accountable For Sexual Assault Accusations \How do these criminal abuses of power not apply to him?\u201d
Rashida Jones The \u201cParks and Recreation\u201d star explains what critics are getting wrong.
Woman Says Man Sexually Assaulted Her While She Slept On A Flight The man allegedly did this while sitting between his wife and the victim.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week Welcome to 2018.
30 Important Things I've Learned By 30 I blame the movie 13 Going on 30. When it was released, I was 16, closer to the 13-year-old protagonist than the 30-year
Meryl Streep Wonders Why Melania And Ivanka Trump Won't Speak Out About #MeToo \u201cI want to hear about the silence of Melania Trump. I want to hear from her. She has so much that\u2019s valuable to say. And so does Ivanka. I want her to speak now.\u201d
Hoda Kotb Says She's 'Not Making Matt Lauer Money' On 'Today' Kotb told People magazine that she'd rather be happy for \the job I liked\ than for her \pay day.\
Feminist My mother raised me to respect myself. To know the names of my body parts. To let her know when I wanted to get on birth
UK Train Company Answers Sexism Complaint With Even More Sexism \Stunned.\
The #MeToo Movement Looks Different For Women Of Color. Here Are 10 Stories. Some of the most affected have been left out of the movement, and it's time we talk about it.
29 Things To Give A S**t About In 2018 Care more, even when it\u2019s overwhelming.
Hollywood Heroines Launch Initiative To Fight Sexual Harassment And Inequality Kerry Washington, Reese Witherspoon and America Ferrera are just a few of the A-listers involved.
Measuring 2017 In Hugs Big moments make headlines. Small moments propel us forward.
Alice Glass Says She Will Testify That Crystal Castles' Ethan Kath Raped Her The Canadian singer alleged in October that her former bandmate physically and mentally abused her for years.
The Modeling Industry\u2019s #MeToo Moment Is Long Overdue By the time I was working as a model at 15, I was deeply conditioned to ignore harassment and related behaviors.
Miguel Sano Of Minnesota Twins Accused Of Assaulting Female Photographer The woman said the alleged assault occurred at a mall in 2015. Sano has denied the accusation.
Topless Femen Activists Stage #MeToo Protest Against The Patriarchy At The Vatican One woman tried to steal the baby Jesus from the Vatican's Nativity scene.
Twitter Skewers Los Angeles Times \u2014 And Stars \u2014 For All-White Actress Cover \If you're a white woman and someone asks you to pose for a magazine cover with only other white women, YOU SAY NO.\
Miss America CEO and Board Chair Resign Under Pressure Amid Scandal Email messages sent by CEO Sam Haskell contained misogynistic language.
Olivia Munn Links Hollywood Sexual Misconduct Epidemic To Gender Pay Gap \Continuing to pay us less perpetuates a bias that women are inferior.\
Jimmy Choo's 'Tone Deaf' Ad Goes Viral For All The Wrong Reasons \Nothing says 'buy me' like harassment.\
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 'Tis the season to be jolly.
CEO Suspended After 49 Former Miss Americas Call On Organization's Leaders To Resign The women spoke out after HuffPost reported on a shocking set of internal emails filled with misogynistic statements.
The 50 Funniest Tweets From Women In 2017 Finish off the year with a laugh.
50 Photos From 2017 That Show The Power Of Women's Rage Angry women will change the world.
Watch Trump Apologize To Women In A Mashup We Wish Was Real He even quotes feminist author bell hooks \ud83d\ude02
Why Culture Change Matters Inside the frustratingly slow process of revealing society's scourges.
Why I Stayed At A Job Where I Was Sexually Harassed Every morning, I changed my outfits and strategized how my clothes might protect me.
I Tried To Keep Track Of Every Time I Felt Guilt About Eating For A Week Here's why I stopped.
Men Try To Guess If These Situations Are Porn Or #MeToo Stories Over 80 percent of porn scenes contain some form of physical aggression toward women.
Former Weinstein Assistant Zelda Perkins Explains Why Gag Laws Need To Be Changed She spoke out against Harvey Weinstein in October, violating a nondisclosure agreement.
Why Adriana Lima And Emily Ratajkowski Can Both Be Feminists, No Matter How Much Skin They Show When a model whose career is built on being the face of a lingerie behemoth says she\u2019ll no longer strip down just for the
The Ultimate Roundup Of Hundreds Of Holiday Gift Ideas Sleigh the season \ud83c\udf84\u2744\ufe0f\u2728\ud83c\udf81
Actor T.J. Miller Accused Of Punching Woman During Sexual Assault The \Silicon Valley\ star says the woman made up the allegations for revenge.
28 Of The Most Powerful Pieces Of Writing By Women In 2017 Sometimes collective rage turns into beautiful words.
#MeToo Creator Will Push Button To Drop New Year's Eve Ball In Times Square Activist Tarana Burke founded the #MeToo movement 10 years ago.
Glenn Close On Weinstein Effect The actress partially blamed \male DNA\ for predatory behavior.
What I Learned From A Year Of Not Shopping I actually put a lot of my happiness into consuming new clothes, new shoes, new anything.
Simple Book Helps Adult Men Answer Pressing Question Hint
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week Time for a laugh.
Matt Lauer's First Accuser Lives 'In Constant Fear' Of Being Identified Her attorney said NBC hasn't done a very good job of protecting her privacy.
Samantha Bee Dedicates The 'Amazing' Defeat Of Roy Moore To His Accusers \u201cThey endured horrific treatment from everyone, from their neighbors up to the president of the United States.\
Roy Moore Accuser Says Alabama Is 'About To Make Some Changes' \I'm super excited.\
People On Twitter Are Pretty Pissed About These Photos For Plus-Size Tights \u201cI love figuring out my size by conceptualizing how many skinny people will fit in my clothes.\
Jose Canseco's Icky Tweets Prove Some People Still Don't Get #MeToo Hey Jose, delete your account!
The Maddening Frustration Of Fighting White Supremacy America's institutional barriers seem entrenched, and the fight to uproot them is an exhausting one.
Beware The Bumbler Just after Thanksgiving, I read The Myth of the Male Bumbler, by Lilil Loofbourow. It's a timely piece for many reasons. First
How To Stand Your Ground In A World Full Of Mean Girls \u201cI can\u2019t wait until I leave this place and get away from all of the girl drama, all of the mean girls.\u201d Tears falling and
U.K. Reality TV Contestant Fiercely Shuts Down Co-Stars' Sexist Comments \Yes, I am quite small \u2014 fine, I am, but it doesn't mean I'm less mighty.\
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week LOLs for the holidays.
#MeToo Is Currently Playing Like A Partisan Revolution. Let's Fix That \u201cTyranny beckons when the principled fall on their swords while the unprincipled keep theirs.\u201d Robert Reich, 12.7.17 Revolution
The Subtle Architecture Of Systemic Sexism \u201cSometimes he was the only game in town.\u201d That\u2019s how one talent agent described the power of producer Harvey Weinstein to
Alabama Women Protest Roy Moore By Dressing As Handmaids \u201cWe want a senator not a predator,\u201d read one protest sign.
Toeing The Race Line Embracing my ethnic and cultural identity was difficult as I was being indoctrinated with a white worldview.
Myths On The Ideal Brown Feminist By Vicki Soogrim Within the past few years, feminism has become exponentially popular in society, culture and the media. From
Cecile Richards Opened Up About Being Sexually Assaulted As A Young Woman The Planned Parenthood president appeared at Tina Brown's Women in the World Salon on Monday.
You May Have Missed The 6th Woman On Time\u2019s Person Of The Year Cover \As much as the stigma around this has been removed this year because of the \u2018Me Too\u2019 movement, it\u2019s still really difficult for a lot of people to come forward.\u201d
'Broad City' Creators Take 'Accountability' For Using 'White Dude Power' To Bolster Show Louis C.K.\u2019s former manager Dave Becky, who attempted to cover up sexual misconduct, is a producer on the show.
Margot Robbie Had A 'Boss Moment' In Response To Question About Her Marriage \u201cEveryone shut up after that. It was really nice.\u201d
Exclusive Insights From Four TEDWomen Speakers Featuring Luvvie Ajayi, Justin Baldoni, Susan David and Sally Kohn.
The Justice League We Deserve From the White House to Hollywood to virtually every misogynistic corner of this country, it\u2019s hard to deal with the freaky
'Portlandia' Sums Up Every Woman's Thoughts On Sexual Harassment In Spot-On Sketch Too real \ud83d\ude02
Emily Ratajkowski Writhes Around In Spaghetti In The Name Of Feminism Because of course.
How One Late Paycheck Messed Up My Life By Sharisse Tracey I know at a deep level that my family lived paycheck to paycheck. A check comes in. We pay our bills. We
'Fleabag' Actress Has Powerful Message For All The 'Creepy Bastards' About Sexual Misconduct Phoebe Waller-Bridge opened the London Evening Standard Theatre Awards on Sunday night.
Pamela Anderson Victim-Blamed Harvey Weinstein Accusers, Then Refused To Apologize \You know what you\u2019re getting into if you go to a hotel room alone.\
People Turned A Tweet About Taylor Swift Into A List Of 'Bad Bitches' In History From war heroes to to moms, Twitter users came prepared with the names of bad bitches and their stories.
The Cognitive Dissonance We Feel Because Of Matt Lauer, Charlie Rose, And Kevin Spacey You think you know someone, but you don\u2019t. After seeing Matt Lauer deliver the news for over 20 years, perhaps you felt a
Brock Turner, Former Stanford Swimmer Convicted Of Sexual Assault, Files Appeal Turner served just three months of a six-month jail sentence.
Don\u2019t Be Misled By The Sexual Harassment \u201cReckoning\u201d It seems like there is a new sexual harassment allegation bombshell each day in the world of media, politics, and entertainment
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week It's time for some holiday hilarity.
And The Walls Came Tumbling Down The reverberations of the revolution that the Cosby accusers started can now be felt from Hollywood to the halls of Congress.
Powerful Video Honors The Sexual Violence Survivors Who Told Their Stories In 2017 From Ashley Judd and Terry Crews to the countless people who shared their #MeToo stories.
2017 As I reflect on 2017, I am curious as to how we will remember it. Is 2017 the year of covfefe and twitter declarations of
What Does A Feminist Future Look Like? By Lorna O\u2019Hara Feminism is experiencing a clear resurgence in popularity. In fact, a friend of mine recently told me that
Every Single Lady Can Relate To This Christmas Card We've all been there, Emily. \ud83d\ude02
What Many Of The Current Sexual Assault Apologies Have In Common These male predators need to man up and say sorry without qualification.
Another GOP Lawmaker Got Caught In A Sex Scandal. Here's Why You Should Defend Him. There are plenty of reasons to dislike Rep. Joe Barton. His dick pics shouldn't be one of them.
How To Meaningfully Contribute To The Women's Movement, As A Man Women don\u2019t need you telling them you\u2019re a feminist -- it\u2019s your brothers that do.
It\u2019s Not Too Late, Ivanka It is long past due for the government official to wield her influence in defense of women.
Over 200 Women In U.S. National Security Sign Open Letter About Sexual Misconduct \We, too, are survivors of sexual harassment, assault, and abuse or know others who are,\ the letter reads.
Mikayla Holmgren Blazes Trail As First State Miss USA Contestant With Down Syndrome She took home two awards from the Miss Minnesota USA pageant.
Acid Attack Victims In India Bravely Take To The Catwalk Victims of\u00a0acid attacks\u00a0in India have taken to the\u00a0catwalk\u00a0in an effort to show that scarred women don\u2019t have to hide their
Nearly 200 Women Have Accused Massage Envy Of Sexual Assault The national chain provides little guidance to franchise locations on handling complaints, a report says.
How Do I Teach My Girls To Love Their Bodies When I Hate Mine? I\u2019ve birthed two amazing little humans, and it wreaked havoc on my body.
Why This Is Our 'Women's Lives Matter' Moment By Maria Behan Like some of you, I was a little cynical about social media\u2019s #MeToo campaign highlighting just how many women
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week A post-Thanksgiving laugh for ya.
A Movement, Not A Mob Let us be unflinching and wise.
5 Reasons This Catholic Feminist Is Thankful I don\u2019t know about you, but I never realized how many male sexual predators held positions of power in government, the arts
When Men 'Misremember' Violating Women \u201cMale entitlement is the backbone of our culture.\
Piers Morgan Chews Out Dating Guru The self-styled seduction expert trash-talked British women as \very famous for moaning and complaining.\
Danny Masterson\u2019s Publicist Suggested A Woman Can\u2019t Be Raped By A Man She\u2019s In A Relationship With Four women have accused Masterson of rape.
11 Women Revisit The Places They Experienced Street Harassment \u201cThey are reclaiming ownership of that experience,\u201d photographer Eliza Hatch said.
Lena Dunham Defends 'Girls' Writer Accused Of Raping 17-Year-Old Dunham had previously said rape is something \women don't lie about.\
The Political World Is Still Failing To #BelieveWomen The political climate, with all its polarization, isn't trending toward the sort of systemic change that women who have been victimized are hoping to effect.
Gabby Douglas Says\u00a0Dressing\u00a0Provocatively 'Entices' Wrong Crowd, Sparking Gymnast Feud She apologized to fellow Olympian Aly Raisman, but not before defending her tweet.
Kellyanne Conway Says She Started The Discussion On Sexual Harassment \I tried to do it 13 months ago; nobody wanted to listen to me because of the campaign I was managing.\
In Post-Weinstein Era, Trump Sexual Assault Accusers Await His Downfall One woman said it's \disturbing\ that supporters still can't see the \president is just as guilty as Roy Moore.\
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week We could all use a laugh.
Men, #MeToo and the Bare Minimum By Nechama Sammet Moring I\u2019ll start with saying me too, without details, because, if my social media feed is any kind of
The Life-Changing Magic Of Being Believed About Rape Because we can't all be lying, can we?
Megyn Kelly And Suzanne Somers Joked About Marital Rape On Morning Show Somers has since issued an apology for her comments.
Samantha Bee Takes Aim At 'Critically-Acclaimed Pervert' Louis C.K. \u201cEach community has to kick out their own creeps.\
#MeToo and \Legitimate rape\ Everyone has an opinion on what rape is. I was prepared to face disbelief, given my rapist\u2019s notoriety in our small town
Glamour's Women Of The Year 'Firsts' Tell Inspiring Stories Of Struggle And Success \u2033Girls up top, that\u2019s how you do it.\ \ud83d\ude4c\ud83c\udffc
Congress Should Lead, Not Follow, On Protecting Victims Of Sexual Harassment The current system for addressing complaints is ineffective and cumbersome.
Watch Anita Hill And Aly Raisman Share Their #MeToo Stories On Stage Together \We need to say this out loud.\
There Are No Innocent Men Physical and sexual violence against women and children has its roots in the perception of both as less than human, but also sacred.
Red Carpet Rape With the allegations against Harvey Weinstein of sexual coercion and violence, something seems to have cracked the Elizabethan
Olympic Fencer Ibtihaj Muhammad Just Got Her Very Own Barbie The doll will be available in stores in 2018.
Joe Biden Says He\u2019s \u2018So Sorry\u2019 For What Anita Hill Went Through \I believed Anita Hill,\ he tells an audience in New York.
Decent Christians And The Politics Of The Right How do people who think of themselves as decent Christians support politicians like Donald Trump and Roy Moore? How do they
The Beautiful Bravery Behind #MeToo \u201cPretty is as pretty does.\u201d \u201cAct like a lady. Don't be ugly.\u201d \u201cPut on a little lipstick and you will be fine.\u201d We as women
Hear Them Roar Fifty-three percent of white women who voted in 2016 cast their ballots for a man whose career in public life should've been
Mental Health Experts Are Drowning Out The Voices Of Sexual Harassment And Assault Survivors This is not the time to sell your book or share your opinions.
Wendy Davis On Gun Violence The former Texas State Senator wrote a powerful op-ed about why gun control is a women's issue.
An Open Letter To Louis C.K. Don't hide in the shadows any longer.
Gretchen Carlson \Why should women be stripped of the American dream?\ she asked.
James Toback Sexually Harassed Me When I Profiled Him In 2001 At the time, I minimized Toback's predatory behavior. Now I'm ready to speak out.
Here's How We Can Know If Assault Allegations Are True Responding to accusations of groping from Anthony Rapp, actor Kevin Spacey claimed that that interaction from 1986 was \u201cdeeply
The Big Ask It\u2019s not better working on your own if you are a woman in the creative fields of blogging, writing, photography, design, event
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant \u2015 but succinct \u2015 wisdom. Each week, HuffPost Women
Legendary Swimmer Diana Nyad Opens Up About Her Sexual Assault \We need to prepare coming generations to speak up in the moment,\ she said.
Reasons To Hope, One Year After The Election In my memories, the sky was grey and cloudy on the morning of Nov. 9, 2016. I can picture, clear as day, walking through
A Heartbreak Like No Other There comes a point after every heartbreak when you realize that even though you remember not feeling strong enough, you\u2019ve
17 Gifts To Keep On Hand For Surprise Guests All of these are under $20, so stock up.
The Patriarchal Stigma Of Periods, And How #Bloodnormal Is Changing That Feminine care brand Libresse is turning heads \u2015 and for some, stomachs \u2015 with their new film and social media campaign, #bloodnormal
16 Gifts For Your BFF Who Needs Help Nailing This Adulthood Thing Pro tip
A Year Removed From Trump's Election, His Rise And Shortcomings Hearken Back To The 1960s Those who lived through the volatile '60s and '70s recognize oppressively brash leaders and the dissent the spur.
During This Month Of Thanks, Let's Be #ThankfulForMuslimWomen It is important that we convey our gratitude to those who have contributed so amply to our international communities.
Gretchen Carlson On Sexual Violence \It is not liberal to ask for a workplace where you are not fondled or groped.\
Uber Pledges $5 Million To Prevent Sexual Assault And Domestic Violence The tech company is partnering with anti-sexual assault and domestic violence organizations.
Comedian Schools Male BBC Panel On Not Taking Sexual Harassment Seriously The issue was being brushed aside for not being a \high-level crime.\
I'm A Size 12 And My Best Friend Is A Size 24, But We Wore The Same Outfit. Here's Why. We wanted to challenge the idea that people of different body types shouldn\u2019t wear the same types of clothing.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant \u2015 but succinct \u2015 wisdom. Each week, HuffPost Women
Notre Dame Just Decided To Cut Birth Control Coverage For Students And Employees The Catholic university is one of the first high-profile employers to take advantage of a recent Trump administration rule.
Why We Discriminate Against Women Athletes And Why I Almost Kicked A Kid It was a Wednesday afternoon. A crisp, fall breeze gently kissed the trees that framed the Los Angeles skyline. But I was
Tim Kaine The senator pledged to do more in the fight against sexism in an essay for Esquire.
After #MeToo, New Campaign Offers Resources To Survivors Struggling With PTSD \u201cThe aftermath of what sexual assault survivors experience is not well enough understood by the public.\
Pageant Contestants Highlight Violence Against Women Instead Of Their Measurements The Miss Per\u00fa 2018 beauty pageant aired on Sunday night.
Tackling The Future We don\u2019t need another example to know what\u2019s up. Cam Newton, NFL star with the Carolina Panthers, had just recently disrespected
A Bro\u2019s Primer To Ending Sexual Misconduct Men must actively work at uprooting sexism and sexual abuse from their inner circles.
From The Granddaughter Of A North Korean Refugee For a long time, I didn\u2019t know that my grandfather came from North Korea. He wasn\u2019t trying to keep it secret. It just wasn\u2019t
Domestic Violence Awareness Month is About Protecting People and Pets In 2016, the New York City Domestic Violence Hotline received 83,687 calls \u2013 an average of more than 225 every day. What
Thousands Went To The Women\u2019s Convention. And It Was Just What They Needed. The gathering was cause for celebration, sisterhood and a focus on 2018.
To Stop The Cycle Of Poverty, We Need To Invest In Mothers The state of Louisiana and our nation must do more to provide economic security, not mere subsistence, to women often bearing the brunt of responsibility for keeping families afloat.
Annabella Sciorra And Daryl Hannah Say They Feared Telling Their Weinstein Stories \We are more than not believed\n \u2014 we are berated and criticized and blamed.\u201d
When Sexual Harassment Extends From The Workplace To The Street After being inundated with the stories of the rich and/or famous being removed from their perches of prominence due to sexual
Maxine Waters To Women's Convention The congresswoman led attendees in chants of \Impeach 45!\
At The Women's Convention, A Clear Message \The Democratic party is too male, it's too pale and too stale.\
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant \u2015 but succinct \u2015 wisdom. Each week, HuffPost Women
Rose McGowan On Sexual Violence The actress spoke publicly for the first time since accusing Harvey Weinstein of rape.
Men, Power Must Change Assessing our entrenched tendency to deprive women of efficacy.
Maybe True Beauty Is In The Eye Of Everything I've noticed that when I'm depressed, I feel ugly. The two seem to travel together, a sinister, awkward pair like Cinderella's
As A Father Of Sons Reading and hearing the stories of sexual predator Harvey Weinstein\u2019s assaults against so many women has been painful for
Banning Elected Moms From Breastfeeding Is On The Wrong Side Of History This week, I watched in stunned silence as the Eau Claire City Council in Wisconsin voted to bar Councilwoman Catherine Emmanuelle
16-Year-Old Denied Trophy For Winning Golf Tournament Because She's A Girl \I was definitely a little bit disappointed.\
On Speaking Our #MeToo Truths By Annie Mark-Westfall When I posted \u201cMe Too\u201d on Facebook last week, my husband came to the living room, stood in the doorway
Lots Of Men Still Don't See Tampons As A Basic Right Poor women and girls often miss out of school, work and other opportunities because they can't afford menstrual hygiene products.
Liberal Male Hypocrisy, Modern Day Rasputins And The Culture Of Deceit Lately, many media outlets have written riveting, graphic, detailed accounts of Hollywood heavyweight Harvey Weinstein\u2019s
Jane Fonda Gloria Steinem and Fonda appeared on MSNBC to discuss the Weinstein allegations.
The #MeToo Campaign Is An Important Step In Ending Patriarchy, But It Cannot Work Alone Women can divulge our painful stories, but the onus of ending toxic masculinity rests with men.
Tony Goldwyn Says He Was Sexually Harassed As A Young Man In Hollywood \I thought it was my fault. I thought I was misunderstanding the situation.\u201d
Silence, Bought And Sold Silence is a valuable commodity which has been bought and sold since the dawn of time. Aside from the price paid for the
Invoice Generator Lets You Bill Trump For Your Birth Control Copay Now, you can #SendTrumpTheBill.
Matt McGorry The actor opened up about toxic masculinity in a Medium post.
The Wreckage Of Men Like Harvey Weinstein \The wreckage left in the wake of predatory men is vast, and we\u2019re all affected by it. So we must take responsibility for our role in changing it.\
Cate Blanchett Slams Steve Bannon To Make An Excellent Point About Feminism And she did it while encouraging women to wear whatever they want.
True Love Is Built In The Simple Moments in the middle of the cornfield, I thought to myself, \This is what love is.\
Bill O'Reilly Accuser Says She's Still 'Terrified' Of Fox News \You\u2019re just this one person that\u2019s about to go up against literally a machine,\ said Juliet Huddy.
F*ck Your 'Cool Girl' Compliment When a woman is described as being \u201ccool,\u201d it\u2019s because she embodies stereotypical male traits.
Me, Too -- And I Let It Happen This is what women my age used to do back then...
Gabrielle Union To Lena Dunham The two talked race in a recent Lenny Letter interview.
'F***ing Bitches' Everywhere, Lend Me Your Ears Our experiences enduring sexist ordeals are not our own to thwart. Men must carry the burden.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant \u2015 but succinct \u2015 wisdom. Each week, HuffPost Women
Put The Blame For Sexual Abuse Where It Belongs \Some men are dogs, no matter how smart, funny, good-looking, educated, rich or powerful they are.\
Bernie Sanders Cancels Appearance At Women's Convention To Go To Puerto Rico Women's March organizers received backlash last week for making Sanders the featured opening night speaker.
Real Life Or Just For Likes? No one knew what I went through to get this photo.
What Now? When many of us glimpse at a headline and see the words \u201csex abuse scandal,\u201d or \u201csexual harassment allegations,\u201d we wearily
Male Radio Host Demands Pay Cut For One Selfless Reason Dave Hughes was horrified to learn he made 40 percent more than his female co-host. So he did something about it.
Mayim Bialik Is \u2018Very Sorry\u2019 For Her Controversial Weinstein Op-Ed The actress apologized for parts of the op-ed that were interpreted as victim-blaming.
Democrats Introduce Bill To Fight Trump On Birth Control Mandate It would prevent the administration from scaling back birth control coverage.
Here's How To Reply To All Those Irritating, Ignorant Responses To Your #MeToo Posts Yup, me too. I didn\u2019t just decide to participate in the #metoo movement because I want to speak my own truth (although I
#MeToo Fearful that I would be known as the female director behind only a sexual assault film, I have been less upfront about my own experience. Until now.
#MeToo And Sexual Violence In The U. S. Fire Service Co-authored with Sarah Diefendorf The #MeToo campaign has brought to the fore previously shrouded incidents of sexual violence
Harvey Weinstein's Not The Problem Bill Cosby, Roger Ailes and Bill O'Reilly aren't either.
On (White) #WomenBoycottTwitter\u200a And #MeToo, From A White\u00a0Woman To White Women White women, what if we just STFU and listened to WoC?
Me Too, But Now What? For years, I had let this story go, brushing it aside, because in my mind I was lucky.
Gretchen Carlson On Harvey Weinstein Allegations She also revealed she experienced sexual harassment long before Roger Ailes.
The Worst Thing About Seeing 'Me Too' All Over Social Media Is That It Doesn't Surprise Me What will it take for survivor stories to be believed? Why does it take a plethora of women for someone to take them seriously?
This Woman Got A Wonder Woman Tattoo Over Her Double Mastectomy Scars \I have this image of strength, power and fearlessness across my chest.\
#MeToo Finding the words to describe my painful experience was extremely difficult.
Ivanka Trump's Tweet About Breaking Down Barriers For Women Backfired \Ivanka, talk about what your father is doing to women. That would be the first step to breaking down barriers.\
#MeToo Has Made Me Speak Up I speak up today to stand with all women who have been sexually harassed, abused, exploited and denigrated.
What Matters This is the real me.
What Mayim Bialik Gets Wrong About 'Harvey Weinstein's World' Various blocks of her piece brought up so many issues that modern feminism is trying to combat.
Me Too Me too. I remember your faces. Your hands. Your words. Your eyes. Your \u201cjokes\u201d. Your entitlement. Your nearly-masked rage
It Will Take More Than #MeToo To Get Our Experiences Heard We need a cultural shift, which can only be done with a consensus of understanding.
I Am So Tired Of Fake Feminism Suggesting We Are 'Asking For It' Feminism is about making your own choices, even if that choice is something super \u201cun-feministic\u201d like being a SAHM or celebrating physical beauty.
When I Realized That My 'Me Too's' Were Too Many To Count Where should I start?
The Full Scope of \Me Too\ Back in the 1980s, I tried to write about being raped. I wrote it for a Louisville magazine editor for whom as a careful
#MeToo #MeToo is all over my social media. It hurts and yet, it does help. These two terrible words are being posted by friends
Alec Baldwin Calls Out Hypocrisy Of Fox News Attacking Harvey Weinstein \Ailes is dead,\ Baldwin said. \But O\u2019Reilly\u2019s alive. So ...?\
Women's Boycott Of Twitter Inspires Company To Take On New Rules \Today we saw voices silencing themselves and voices speaking out because we\u2019re *still* not doing enough,\ Twitter's CEO says.
Harvey Weinstein And The Abuse Of Power The power structures that allowed his behavior to flourish are still in place, and it is high time that those structures are dismantled.
Former Playboy Model Accuses Oliver Stone Of Groping Her Breast Actress Carrie Stevens says the Harvey Weinstein scandal reminded her of when Stone grabbed her like \a toy.\ Stone had defended Weinstein earlier in the week.
Harvey Weinstein Is Despicable. What About Bob? After nearly three decades of successfully squashing sexual abuse allegations, Hollywood titan Harvey Weinstein is finally
Women Boycott Twitter In Solidarity With Rose McGowan Alyssa Milano and Chrissy Teigen are among hundreds going silent \in protest of women's voices being silenced.\
Joe Biden Condemns Harvey Weinstein's 'Disgusting Behavior' \u201cIt is long past time for the powerful men in Hollywood to speak up ... because silence is complicity,\ the former vice president said.
Democrats Introduce Bill That Would Turn Title IX Guidelines Into Law The legislation was written in response to Education Secretary Betsy DeVos rolling back Title IX protections.
Host Who Ben Affleck Got Handsy With In 2004 Says It Was An 'On-Camera Game' \There's no victims here,\ Anne-Marie Losique said, calling her rapport with Affleck \actually very respectful.\
Women's Group Flies Banner Over Hollywood \Not only has Hollywood normalized Weinstein\u2019s abhorrent treatment of women, they enabled it by doing and saying absolutely nothing.\
Quick Reminder Who could it be? \ud83e\udd14
Sexual Assault Survivors Aren\u2019t Just Daughters. They\u2019re Actually Humans. Matt Damon and others dehumanize women when they invoke daughters and sisters in public statements condemning Harvey Weinstein.
Sexual Harassment Is Everywhere, Every Day I guarantee every single person reading this piece knows someone who was, or is currently being, sexually harassed/assaulted
Hillary Clinton Must Condemn Harvey Weinstein A sexual predator\u2019s best friend is silence
The Harvey Weinstein Scandal Should Be A Message To All Men Why are such powerful men given a pass for years without someone speaking out?
As If Trump Weren't Enough, Women Are Falling Behind At Work, Too A major new study shows women are making no progress moving up in their careers. It\u2019s not for lack of effort.
How Planned Parenthood Is Using The Resistance To Face Down The Trump Era With 200,000 new volunteers, the health care organization is building a nationwide network of activist groups.
Women Scientists Report Sexual Harassment On Boston University Expeditions The harassment reportedly occurred on BU research trips to Antarctica.
Why Do We Continually Blame Women For The Transgressions Of Men? We need to examine why our society conjures excuses for men's dastardly behavior.
I Am Not A Prostitute. I\u2019m A Female Solo Traveler! I wish people could be open-minded about the fact that there are many plausible reasons why a young woman may be sitting in a hotel lounge.
ACLU Files Lawsuit After Trump Reverses Obama-Era Contraception Mandate \The Trump Administration is forcing women to pay for their boss\u2019s religious beliefs.\u201d
Dannon Yogurt Drops Cam Newton Over 'Sexist And Disparaging' Comment \It's simply not ok to belittle anyone based on gender.\
An Open Letter To The Woman Who Taught Me To Love By Annie Mark-Westfall Dear Grandma Bea, Today I told my editor about you. About your letters. She wants to hear more, but
Harvey Weinstein And The Danger Of Performative 'Wokeness' Being a public progressive doesn\u2019t preclude you from being a private creep.
Woman Takes Selfies With Her Catcallers To Show How Often It Happens \u201cIt\u2019s not a compliment.\u201d
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant \u2015 but succinct \u2015 wisdom. Each week, HuffPost Women
Harvey Weinstein And The End Of Open Secrets I believe every word that was written in the New York Times, because very similar things happened to me.
Hey, Trump\u2014Here Are All The Things Birth Control Does Women will pay the price if this administration rolls back the ACA birth control benefit.
Harvey Weinstein Reportedly Called Rebecca Traister A 'C**t' He also physically assaulted her then-boyfriend and fellow journalist Andrew Goldman.
The Sixties Made Me Do It! Harvey Weinstein's Excuse That was not \u201cthe culture\u201d in the house I grew up in.
Yes, San Juan Mayor Carmen Yul\u00edn Cruz's 'Nasty' Shirt Was Aimed At Trump The mayor wore the defiant shirt during an interview with Univision.
Cam Newton Insults Female Sports Reporter Just Doing Her Job Newton thought it was funny a woman might understand the concept of \routes.\
He Urged His Mistress To Have An Abortion, Then Voted To Ban Other Women From Getting One Rep. Tim Murphy inadvertently exposed the hypocrisy of the anti-choice movement.
Body And Soul The abrupt appearance of cancer forces you, whether you want to be or not, into a conversation with your body that, for my part, was mandatory, daily and permanent.
Fort Wayne Is A City Of Contradictions We are called the city of churches. Yet we fail to apply these charitable religious values to the most vulnerable in our community.
The ACLU Is Suing To Increase Access To The Abortion Pill It says FDA regulations that keep women from getting the medication at a pharmacy are unfair.
Lock Him Up For women in America, justice is in short supply.
Trump Is In Your Head Women and The Donald in everyday life.
Driving While White If I were a black man, I\u2019d be dead.
Mom Of Mass Shooting Victim Describes Last Week Of Her Daughter\u2019s Life 27-year-old Meredith Hight was just getting her life back on track when her estranged husband ended it.
Hugh Hefner Sold Women The Worst Kind Of Lie Hefner was a genius at couching the exploitation of women in terms of liberation
Why Young Irish Women Are Marching For Choice By Lorna O'Hara If one more person refers to how \u201cprogressive\u201d Ireland is for voting in marriage equality and for having
The Hyde Amendment Continues To Punish Our Country\u2019s Most Vulnerable Women In many ways, our country is facing some of its toughest times right now, with an administration and leaders in both chambers
The Contradictory Feminist Legacy Of Playboy's Hugh Hefner The \revolution\ he sparked was primarily in service of men\u2019s desires -- and specifically his own.
This Girl Meeting Hillary Clinton In A Pantsuit Will Melt Your Heart Because what else do you wear to meet your role model?
1 in 2 Abortions Worldwide Are Unsafe Women around the globe are having millions of risky abortions every year, a new study has found.
How Deceptive Crisis Pregnancy Centers Undermine Reproductive Rights In West Virginia Women are fighting an uphill battle to exercise their freedom of choice.
Saudi Women May Soon Be Behind The Wheel, But Still Not In The Driver's Seat The guardianship system must be abolished.
An Open Letter To Brown Parents Brown kids can make noise in the entertainment world too. We just need more voices.
To Infinity And Beyond Forty one years ago, Fran Bagenal was a graduate student at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology \u201cand the only woman
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie Made Trevor Noah Realize He Was A Feminist \u201cI never thought to call myself a feminist because of branding.\
Why We Shouldn\u2019t Ignore The Misogyny In Trump\u2019s NFL Comments People shouldn\u2019t be clapping when our president manages to belittle black men and black mothers in the same sentence.
18 #MenForChoice On Why They're Standing Up For A Woman's Right To Choose More of this, please.
Lucy Hale Perfectly Shut Down A Troll Who Called Her 'Anorexic' Trolls be gone \ud83d\udc4f
Debra Messing Asked That Grace Be A Feminist In The \u2018Will & Grace\u2019 Revival Karen, however, is a different story.
People Are Loving This New Word To Rival The 'Mansplaining' Phenomenon \My friends coined a word
'What Happened' And Moving On From The 2016 Election You may have noticed that I\u2019ve written quite a few blog posts about the 2016 U.S. Election and the presidency of Donald Trump
Say My Name, Say My Name (Or At Least Try) I will not change a part of myself for the sake of your comfort.
Pro-Abortion Video With funds for Planned Parenthood and women\u2019s health programs on the chopping block in the latest GOP Obamacare-replacement
Betsy DeVos Rescinds Key Obama-Era Policy On Campus Sexual Assault Advocates warned this could undercut sexual assault survivors' access to education.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant \u2015 but succinct \u2015 wisdom. Each week, HuffPost Women
This Is A Love Letter To The Sisterhood This is for the women who don\u2019t forget how far we have come and how far we have to go.
Her Loss, Our Loss In July we attended the wedding of the son of a dear friend. Because we didn\u2019t know Seattle, we indulged ourselves by taking
Joseph Gordon-Levitt Inspired Justin Trudeau To Call Himself A Feminist Another feminist favorite \ud83d\ude0d
Preventing Sexual Violence Starts With What We Teach Our Boys Education alone is by no means a panacea, but it is undoubtedly a solid start.
When The Person Shaming You For Your Abortion Is A Child How the anti-abortion movement uses children to legitimize its message.
Hillary Clinton Calls Out Putin's Manspreading With Perfect Demonstration \u201cI\u2019m a woman, which does seem to get him a bit agitated.\
How I Finally Freed Myself From The D-Word (Dieting) \The overall message we\u2019re given time and time again is that We Are Not Okay.\
Is It OK To Cry At Work? I was brought up to think that crying at work is completely taboo and I\u2019d lose all credibility if I let my emotions get the
Andy Murray The tennis star wrote an essay for BBC on the importance of women's equality.
This Cop Had The Audacity To Have A Baby. So Her Bosses Got Rid Of Her. The inside story of how Stephanie Hicks fought back -- and won a victory for herself and working women everywhere.
29 Senators Sign Letter Urging DeVos To Maintain Title IX Guidelines The education secretary has said she plans to rescind the current guidance on campus sexual assault.
Fox Sports Host Desperate For Controversy Goes On CNN, Praises 'Boobs' CNN is giving us all a lesson in how morons become right-wing media stars.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant \u2015 but succinct \u2015 wisdom. Each week, HuffPost Women
Brock Turner\u2019s Mugshot Is Featured In A Criminal Justice Textbook His story appears under the definition of \u201crape.\
Kirsten Gillibrand Thinks Betsy DeVos Is Making An 'Enormous Mistake' DeVos recently rescinded Title IX guidelines that helped sexual assault survivors navigate the reporting process.
Nasty Women Get Sh*t Done \This is the part of America that we want to see more of.\
OkCupid Partners With Planned Parenthood To Help Supporters Match With One Another Would you date someone who didn't support Planned Parenthood?
Read Amber Tamblyn's Searing Open Letter To James Woods \Are you and your history with women and girls a part of the problem, Mr. Woods?\u201d
Hillary Clinton's Supporters Don't Want Her To Shut Up \She lost the election, but she\u2019s still writing this book and she\u2019s still here.\
An Open Letter To Home Depot On 'She Sheds' I am tired of gendered branding and marketing teams who see nothing wrong with a \u201cshe shed.\u201d
Planned Parenthood Kansas City Gets Its Abortion License Back After 5 years, Missouri women will have more access to abortion care.
Gloria Steinem Just Went To Her First Fashion Week Show And she sat front row with Huma Abedin, obvs.
This Is The Scary Part Adulthood has thus far taught me one critical lesson in life
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week \ud83d\ude02 \ud83d\ude02 \ud83d\ude02
DeVos Confirms She Will Roll Back Obama-Era Title IX Guidelines The Secretary of Education spoke with CBS News Thursday night.
Joe Biden Has Strong Words For Betsy DeVos After Her Title IX Announcement \Any change that weakens Title IX protections will be devastating.\
Texas Provider Will Offer Free Abortions For Women Affected By Harvey Whole Woman's Health has clinics in Austin, San Antonio, McAllen and Fort Worth.
Time Unveiled 12 Stunning Covers Celebrating Game-Changing Women From Hillary Clinton to Ava DuVernay.
No Longer Burdened As The Keeper Of Things I am now free to live a future of my own imagining. To have more with less.
'The Bold Type' Creator On Tackling Sexual Assault In The Show's Hopeful Finale \It\u2019s just women supporting women.\
This Twitter Thread Satirizing How Men Talk About Women Is Too Good \I half wonder whether men should be allowed in labs. Could be a distraction to hard working women.\
No, I'm Not Good, But I'm Okay Stop perpetuating the lie that life is perfect.
Federal Judge Temporarily Blocks Texas Law Banning D&E Abortions The ruling comes after abortion providers sued the Texas Attorney General.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant \u2015 but succinct \u2015 wisdom. Each week, HuffPost Women
One Of The Last Clinics To Offer Late Abortions Just Quietly Shut Down It is under contract to be purchased by an anti-abortion group.
I'm A Nightmare Ex-Girlfriend \u2014 And I'm Cool With That Every time a relationship ends, I go scorched earth.
Sexual Assault Report Drops From White House Site, Remains On Obama Archive (UPDATE) The 2014 report is still available on the Obama administration's archived website.
Laura Dern On The Low-Key Feminist Moment From 'Jurassic Park' You Might've Missed And why it's important.
Trump Confuses Two Female Finnish Journalists During Press Conference The Finnish president had to explain that they were in fact two different women.
Women Continue To Resist And To Insist On Equality For All \u201cWomen will change the nature of power, rather than power changing the nature of women.\u201d The late activist and longtime women\u2019s
10 Quotes To Inspire You This Women's Equality Day Today, Women\u2019s Equality Day, is a time to reflect on all we have accomplished towards a more equal world, and also how far
Why I\u2019ll Never Understand Why You Didn\u2019t Want Me I gave my all for you. I worried myself sick over you every time I knew you had a bad night or were feeling depressed. I
Orchestra Shuts Down After Telling Singers They Should Be \u2018Fit & Slim\u2019 To Perform \If you look good, we do, too,\ management wrote.
Losing Weight Is Not Anti-Feminist The only question to ask is
Brie Larson Addresses Sexual Harassment Allegations At Cinefamily \I would like to thank the brave survivors who spoke up \u2015 I believe you.\
Women On Boards The Women\u2019s Forum of New York salutes Peter Grauer and Bloomberg as corporate champions for advancing women on corporate
The \u2018Taxpaying American\u2019 Mocked By Mnuchin\u2019s Wife Wrote A Powerful Response Louise Linton lashed out at the mother of three after she posted a comment on Instagram.
Crossfit Athlete Calls BS On Instagram Before-And-After Pics \ud83d\udcaa\ud83d\udcaa\ud83d\udcaa
Ending The Gender War For Women In STEM A fantastic effort to bridge the gender divide As a film maker , researching inequity and disparity for stories of strength
Halsey On Why Posing In Playboy Doesn't Diminish Her Feminism \Newsflash. A woman can be multi dimensional.\
Women Tweet Cheeky Selfies In Solidarity With Politician Called \u2018Lipstick On A Pig\u2019 New Zealand women have opposition leader Jacinda Ardern's back.
\u2018Johns' Chair Boards More Than Women When Catalyst President and CEO, Deborah Gillis, arrived in London a few years ago she was astonished to find herself having
What Role Can Gender Diversity On Boards Play In Company Sustainability? Currently in Australia, there is a growing push for a public policy shift towards a 50-50 target for gender representation
Bravo Reality Star Jax Taylor Calls Women Whores For Doing Exactly What He Does On Sunday morning, Bravo\u2019s Vanderpump Rules star Jax Taylor tweeted \u201cGirls who take a picture half naked and under caption
Aly Raisman Calls Out USA Gymnastics For Poorly Handling Larry Nassar Accusations The former USA Gymnastics physician was accused of sexually abusing over 100 women and girls.
Singer Stops Festival Show To Call Out Sexual Assault In The Crowd \It is not your f**king body and you do not f**king grab at someone.\
Why I\u2019m Vowing To Do More After Charlottesville As a UVA alum, this past week was hard to talk about. But I can\u2019t stay silent anymore.
It Is Attackers, Not Victims Of Rape, Who Should Be Shamed Cross posted from UN Women. Dina Smailova, survivor of gang rape, decided to break her silence 25 years after the attack
Why We Can't Just Eat Cake As white people \u2013 as white women \u2013 we cannot back away from our connection to these events, however painful that might be to do.
5 Reasons To Date A Girl Who Travels There are many advantages to dating a girl with a serious case of wanderlust.
Warrior Women Are The Role Models We Need We need them, because they give us hope.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant \u2015 but succinct \u2015 wisdom. Each week, HuffPost Women
All Proceeds Of This Adorable Uterus Emoji App Will Go To Planned Parenthood BRB, downloading.
Fat Women Don't Get To Be Androgynous We\u2019ve come a long way when it comes to plus-size representation, but we still have a long way to go.
Arkansas Can Block Planned Parenthood Funding, Court Rules Planned Parenthood vowed that the \fight is not over.\
Trust The Timing Of Your Life I pride myself on the fact that I'm 35 and I haven't made decisions based on fear or what society expected of me.
Dear Men I figured this was just something that happens.
Malala Confirms She's Going To Oxford This Fall She'll be following in former Pakistani president Benazir Bhutto's footsteps.
'Bachelor In Paradise' Tried To Address Racism And Consent With Mixed Results Simultaneously educating the public and protecting your brand gets messy.
Paris Hilton \They want to get money or get paid to not say anything or get a settlement when nothing really happened.\
After Court Win, Taylor Swift Will Donate Money To Organizations To Help Survivors \My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard,\ she said in a statement.
Asian Teams Participate In FIRST Global Robotics Challenge By Xinxin Zhang, Research Intern, East-West Center in Washington. She is a graduate student in public policy at the University
How To Help Charlottesville Right Now Even if you don't live nearby, there are things you can do today.
A Poem I Wrote After My Parents Told Me I'm On The Autism Spectrum I always knew I was special, but I didn\u2019t know why.
Taking Stock Of The 'Resistance' Why are women and gender minorities are pulling the weight of the resistance?
The Next Big Mobilization From Women's March Will Be In October Organizers are planning a three-day convention in Detroit.
It Wasn't Just White Men Who Participated In The 'Unite The Right' Rally White women have always played a role in propping up white supremacy and toxic masculinity.
Groping Is Sexual Violence, And It's Not Okay! Swift\u2019s experience is not unlike that of millions of Americans.
This Incarcerated Mother Is Fighting For Her Right To Breastfeed Monique Hidalgo is facing obstacles every step of the way.
I Am The Problem Even though I didn\u2019t vote for Trump, I\u2019m one of the people to blame. That\u2019s not an easy thing to admit.
Taylor Swift's Sexual Assault Testimony Was A Lesson In Communication Swift understands the key principle of having a point and nailing it.
Sexual Assault Survivors React To Steubenville Rapist Joining Their College\u2019s Football Team Ma'lik Richmond recently walked on to Youngstown State University's football team.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant \u2015 but succinct \u2015 wisdom. Each week, HuffPost Women
The Creepy 'Big Data' Crisis Pregnancy Center Group that Must Be Stopped In the face of an all-out assault on abortion access, defenders of reproductive justice are converging on Atlanta this week
Actually, I Was Biologically Designed To Be An Engineer I am genetically predisposed to be better at math and other computational sciences.
10 Signs You\u2019re Not Lazy, You\u2019re \u2018Selectively Motivated\u2019 \u2013 And That\u2019s A Good Thing This story was brought to you by Thought Catalog and Quote Catalog. By Brianna Wiest, author of 101 Essays That Will Change
Is Silicon Valley Sexist? YES \u201cCan I just ask you one question?\u201d my parents\u2019 financial planner says to me, upon finding out I\u2019m from Silicon Valley. OK
Texas Is About To Ban Insurance Plans From Covering Abortion The bill doesn't include exceptions for rape, incest or fetal abnormalities.
Follow The Leader Our message is simple
Don't Call Me \Firecracker\ These men\u2019s inability to recognize they are at fault, that a woman clearly stating indifference and demanding distance means exactly that\u2014and not the opposite\u2014is baffling.
The Future Of The World Is At Stake Diversity is key to real innovation.
Diverse Hiring Practices Don't Lower The Bar For Employees, They Weed Out The Mediocre As a queer woman in tech, a Google employee's anti-diversity rant was familiar bullshit.
Women Who Chase The Sun Women have played a key role in observing solar eclipses and expanding our understanding of how the Sun, our nearest star, works.
Finding The Courage To Pursue Your True Happiness Chasing happiness is never easy, and it will often involve risk.
Why I Will Always Be The Friend That You Deserve Sometimes it feels as if the world is fighting against you. That every way you turn, you are hitting a wall. That everywhere
How Ivanka Trump Can Truly 'Empower Women Who Work' Whether she\u2019s is filling the role of a policymaker or an entrepreneur, Ivanka needs to do more.
California Gov. Says Abortion Rights Shouldn't Be A 'Litmus Test' For Democrats Jerry Brown wants \a party that rises above the more particular issues to... the general issue of making America great.\
Here\u2019s What I Learned Watching Usain Bolt Run His Final Individual Race All of the people around him said, without exception, his biggest contribution has been his personality.
Stretchmarks Are The New Sexy Women should embrace their 'mombods.'
Breast-Feeding And Weight Loss Beyond providing nourishment and helping to protect your baby from getting sick, breast-feeding can also help you lose weight
Meet The Planned Parenthood Organizers Who Lobbied Murkowski And Collins \u201cIt\u2019s one of those moments when you leave it all on the field, you do everything can do... and it works!\u201d
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week \You say festival, but I hear Porta Potty.\
Once-Homeless Hairstylist Helps Girls In Need In The Most Beautiful Way Vanessa Howard provides \u201cBack-to-School Princess Party\u201d makeovers to homeless girls every year.
The Democrats' Changing Position On Abortion Is Full Of Pungent Irony The chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee threw a cornerstone of women\u2019s rights under the bus.
What Happened When I Moved to New York City Without A Plan Before I explain the most recent and slightly insane set of decisions I\u2019ve made in my life, I want everyone to first imagine
Democrats Abandon Women By Saying They Will Fund Anti-Abortion Candidates We know that you don\u2019t have our backs.
Throughout The U.S., Rape Victims Are Still Being Neglected And Silenced Thousands of untested rape kits around the country mark our national disregard for women.
We Need To Talk About Cold Women Women and our warmth will not be dictated by people\u2019s bias, discomfort, or moral judgment.
Alabama Minors Seeking Abortions No Longer Have To Face Their Fetuses' Lawyers In Court Yes, that was a thing.
NARAL President \We need to stick with our base of pro-choice women.\
States With The Most Abortion Laws Are The Worst At Actually Protecting Women's Health A new report calls out the hypocrisy of anti-abortion rhetoric.
Democratic Party Leaders Will Continue To Welcome Anti-Choice Candidates \u201cThere is not a litmus test for Democratic candidates,\u201d said DCCC chair Rep. Ben Ray Luj\u00e1n.
Bipartisan Understanding Of Women's Health Care Politicians are at times misunderstood. I cannot emphasize enough that there is a lot of very hard work that is unseen. The
Why Walking Down The Beach In My Bathing Suit Was Such A Big Deal I blog and talk about body image fairly frequently. I\u2019ve written about my self-esteem issues over my burn scars and my battle
NRA Spokesperson Compared Penalizing Gun Owners To \u2018Shaming A Rape Survivor\u2019 Um.
How Women Can Help Each Other By Sharing By Irena Ioannou Recently, while searching online, I came across the Women Who Submit (WWS) initiative. I was drawn by the
An Open Letter To My Neck Wrinkles I see you \u2014 you're starting to appear. Those thick, embedded lines that are beginning to form around my neck and upper chest
Watch Trump Silence A Reporter For Doing Her Job The president told a reporter to be \quiet\ when she asked about health care.
Could This Ever Just Be Enough? I did an interview this week and the interviewer asked me a question I've been asked before and always trip over
Why This Cancer Survivor Feels \u2018More Like A Woman\u2019 Without Breasts \u201cThis is how I\u2019m meant to be. This feels as if this is me.\
To My Grandmother After My Father's Death It is a magnificent blessing to really get to know your Grandmother\u00a0throughout your adulthood. I am blessed to have a healthy
'Game Of Thrones' Featured A Consensual, Intimate Sex Scene And it was beautiful.
The Uncertainty And Silence Of Possible Infertility I\u2019ve been on the edge of my seat for months now thinking that any day now, I\u2019m just nine months away from having a child
BBC's Female Stars Demand Network Close The Gender Pay Gap \You have said that you will 'sort' the gender pay gap by 2020, but the BBC has known about the pay disparity for years.\
What Happened When I Came Face-To-Face With My Own Privilege So many chances were handed to me that there\u2019s no way I could look life in the eye and act like all this fruit came from my own labor.
Don't Shame Me For Wanting To Get Married Young My desire to get married doesn\u2019t change who I am.
The Reality Of Doing Cosplay As A Woman Life is about experiences. We try things, we learn lessons, we check off items on our bucket list. Without trying new and
I Refuse To Be Ashamed Of My Body All my life, I have been in a battle with my body. Though I never suffered from an eating disorder or anything of that severity
Judge Says Protestors Can't Block Door To Kentucky's Last Abortion Clinic The emergency court order comes before hundreds of anti-abortion protestors are set to descend on Kentucky.
After 55 Years, Navy Gets Its First Woman SEAL Applicant Two women are applying for the Navy's most elite combat roles, including the SEALs.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant \u2015 but succinct \u2015 wisdom. Each week, HuffPost Women
Of Course The GOP Women Who Opposed ACA Repeal Are Facing A Sexist Backlash Sigh.
Another Reason Why It's Great The BBC Revealed Anchors' Salaries Transparency is the only path to solve the gender pay gap.
Behind The Campaign To Achieve Gender Parity In Politics By 2030 She Should Run wants *you* to run for office \ud83d\udcaa
Washington Will Now Alert Survivors When Domestic Abusers Try To Buy A Gun This alert system will be the first of its kind in the country.
3 Republican Women Effectively Killed McConnell's Latest Repeal Plan Send a thank-you note to Sens. Collins, Murkowski and Capito if you're a fan of the ACA.
Emily Ratajkowski \To me, any expression that is empowered and is your own as a woman is feminist.\
Why Being Called \u2018A Wanderer\u2019 Is A Total Compliment The other day I was referred to as a wanderer and it took me by surprise. Essentially I was confused about what part of
Why The Respect I Receive Shouldn\u2019t Be Defined By My Gender As someone who has always been for equality, it baffles me how I get treated depending on which job I\u2019m at or who my co-workers
Everyone Around Me Is Talking Baby Bottles And Wipes, And I\u2019m Over Here Asking For More Wine Growing up, I talked about having kids. In fact, when I was younger, I wrote down options of names I wanted for my future
What Female Leaders Can Learn From The Game Of Thrones! Regimes, Meritocracies, and Playing to Win \u201cWhen you play the game of thrones, you win or you die. There is no middle ground
Twitter Points Out How Dumb It Is To Be Mad About A Female Doctor Who And, of course, it\u2019s hilarious.
Why I Called The Police On My Street Harassers As a female runner, I\u2019m a prime target.
Dear Angry Male 'Doctor Who' Fans -- Calm Down Despite the Doctor living beyond time, space and dimensions, people are somehow both offended and confused over sex being something the Doctor can manipulate.
Donald Trump Could Learn A Lot From Reebok\u2019s Viral Tweet Mr. President, please take notes.
These 3 Women Are Fed Up With Sexual Harassment. And They're Taking Action. The Silicon Valley entrepreneurs just launched a website offering real advice and resources for victims.
Maryam Mirzakhani, First Woman To Win Math's Highest Honor, Dead At 40 \A genius? Yes. But also a daughter, a mother and a wife.\
Kesha's Best Revenge With 'Praying' And 'Woman' Is Her Healing Kesha is back and after going through the flames, she\u2019s on fire.
The Women\u2019s March Continues\u2014Next Stop, The NRA Last January, I was proud to join with hundreds of thousands of activists at the Women\u2019s March on Washington, proudly proclaiming
Imagine A World Where The NRA Used Positive Messaging And Preached Responsibility As the Women\u2019s March completes the final stages of planning for an 18 mile protest from the NRA headquarters in Fairfax, Virginia
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant \u2015 but succinct \u2015 wisdom. Each week, HuffPost Women
I Am Proud To Be A Pakistani Indian There is something about India as an idea which transcends the modern day political configurations. It is the idea of India
The Myth Of The 10-Year Plan As a student at the University of Michigan, you could say I have it pretty good. I\u2019m attending the best public university
Montana Just Updated Rape Laws To Include Cases When Victims Don't Fight Back The bill passed almost unanimously.
The Performance Of A Loving Alliance Between Trump And Modi Terrifies Me Confessions of an Indian-American woman exposed to opportunities for love in an economy of war.
Why Women Need To Focus On What Really Matters By Irena Ioannou \u201cTry out out our new skin care product,\u201d a heavily made-up woman called out as soon as I entered the shopping
Scotland To Give Low-Income Women Free Menstrual Products In New Pilot Initiative Hell yes.
How Anti-Abortion Laws Negatively Affect Women's Health At Large A new documentary explores the hidden ways women are being punished.
Let\u2019s Work Together To Stop the Cycle Of Shaming As a society, we have become really good at shaming others for how they look, what they wear, where they live, who they date
Why I\u2019m Not Flaunting My Curves This Summer My story is not one of shame.
Lessons From Losing A Friend I used to work with a woman who hated me. HATED ME. There's an expression in the online world, B*tch Eating Crackers. BEC
Malala Celebrates High School Graduation, Joins Twitter She plans to spend her summer visiting young women around the world.
Having An NBA Star Dad Didn't Shield Me From Trauma I was once in an abusive relationship that made me fear for my life.
An Open Letter To Blac Chyna And The Girls Who Have Been Called Hoes I remember the first time I was called a ho. I was fourteen when I was called a ho by a former classmate in high school. Growing
This CEO Hopes Her Story Can Change Silicon Valley's Culture Of Sexual Harassment Why Cheryl Yeoh is speaking out now.
From 'Handmaid's' To Hillary How we humans clothe ourselves has historically been a cultural landmine.
The Insecure Masculinity Behind Rob Kardashian's 'Revenge' Posts Kardashian used social media to demean and slut-shame Blac Chyna.
Scotland And Wales Will Now Allow Northern Irish Women To Access Free Abortions England made a similar announcement last week.
A Childless Woman's Response To 'You're Missing Out' I\u2019ve come to learn that society isn\u2019t always kind when your family status doesn\u2019t match the expected norm.
Model Gloriously Slams Man Who Tried To Fat-Shame Her On Airplane \This is a fat person's daily reality and not just on a plane.\
Maxine Waters Calls For Trump's 'Exile' Over His Brzezinski Tweets \Enough is enough,\ she said.
Bikini Body When I think back on vacations when I was in a bathing suit, my first thought is never about how much I weighed or how I looked.
As A Childfree Woman, Every Day Is Independence Day I\u2019ve never been someone who likes to commit to anything too far in advance. In high school I had a boyfriend who always wanted
From Hidden Figures to Wonder Woman, Invisible Stories Become Visible Over the past decade, we\u2019ve seen a shift in the media aimed at deepening the representation of women in media and pop culture
Calling Intersectional and Older White Feminists What I wish with all my heart is that radical and intersectional feminists would cut us some slack.
Twitter Sufficiently Drags Trump For Commenting On Irish Reporter's Smile \Ugh.\
Handmaids Protested The GOP's Health Care Bill Outside The Capitol They reportedly yelled \shame\ at Republican Senators.
Sen. Kamala Harris' Guide To Protesting The Health Care Bill \Join the fight. Make your voices heard. Because this is not a drill.\
Why Did Contraception Stop Being Common Ground In The Abortion Wars? An administration firmly opposed to abortion is taking steps that will only assure more unintended pregnancies.
Valerie Huber\u2019s Dangerous Lesson Plan The president's latest appointee to the Department of Health and Human services is a long-time promoter of a dangerous, ineffective abstinence-only agenda.
Women Aren't Going To Just Let Bill Cosby Hold 'Town Halls' On Sexual Assault Cosby should expect a massive outcry if he goes through with this.
5 Ways The Senate Health Care Bill Is Cruel To Women It's gunning for maternity coverage. Medicaid. And Planned Parenthood.
New Ken, Same Old Barbie World Have you heard about the recent release of a new line of Ken dolls? They\u2019re part of toy giant Mattel\u2019s efforts to bounce
Cosby Juror Believes Constand\u2019s 'Bare Midriff' Meant She Was Asking For It And he thinks half of Cosby's alleged 60 victims made up their stories.
Why I\u2019m Struggling To Accept My Body Hair Isn\u2019t it funny how everything that is deemed \u201cfeminine\u201d in society goes against everything that comes naturally to us?
#WeDoBelongHere by Sneha Goud Every Fourth of July, when the Internet (or at least my corner) is abuzz about the hypocrisy of the United
Co-Maternity And Reciprocal IVF Today, advanced reproductive technologies provide greater options for two women seeking to have a child together. What Is
The Cosby Hung Jury Captures Our Cultural Ambivalence About Sexual Assault Widespread disregard for sexual assault victims makes prosecuting their alleged attackers incredibly difficult
My Biological Clock Is Defective What\u2019s standing in between me and having a baby is simply having no desire, at all, to do so.
To Domestic Violence Survivors, The Alexandria Shooter's History Is All Too Familiar James Hodgkinson's record of domestic violence proves abusers are a threat not only to their partners, but to the public.
Thousands Mourn Nabra Hassanen At Funeral Prayer Service In Virginia \u201cMay Allah ... make her legacy of loving and caring to be a legacy that is carried for generations to come.\u201d
All Your Questions About At-Home Pregnancy Tests, Answered Now go forth and procreate \u2014 but only if you want to.
The Path To Power Led By Women A future that is rumbling with promise, just over the horizon.
Missouri Lawmakers Consider Blocking Local Protections For Pregnant Women Legislators aim to undo an ordinance that prevents discrimination in jobs and housing.
My Niece Has Cancer And I'm Ticked About It Can I talk to her about it? Do people talk about cancer? What\u2019s the protocol?
The 3 Things Senator Elizabeth Warren Wants Women To Do To Save Our Middle Class We need to live our values, to be the kind of nation that invests in opportunity, not just for some of us, but for all of
Wonder Woman Inspires Crazy Sword-In-The-Dress Memes Sometimes a sword is just a sword.
Deadlocked I don\u2019t know what it\u2019s like to be black. I don\u2019t know what it\u2019s like to be gay. I don\u2019t know what it\u2019s like to be Muslim
Bill Cosby Isn't The Exception, He's The Rule A mistrial is a win for team Cosby. What did we expect?
What I Understood About A Father-Daughter Relationship Only After My Father Passed Away When I was born, it took Papa an extra day to come visit me in the hospital. I was born just as the Indo-Pak war was announced
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant \u2015 but succinct \u2015 wisdom. Each week, HuffPost Women
I've Broken This Mortifying Office Taboo \u2014 And I Bet I'm Not Alone I\u2019ve cried at every job I\u2019ve had.
Nevertheless, Persistence Pays Off Part of the problem is that persistence can be a lifelong and often lonely mission.
The Continued Effort To Silence Kamala Harris Speaks Volumes Sexism is alive and well in the United States Senate.
I Hereby Quit Your Religion Today, I don\u2019t believe that any little mistake will send me to hell.
5 Steps To Combat Gender Disparity In The Workplace By
In The Age Of Trump And Cosby, Consent Culture Is Vital See what we have in the photo above? Two very different viewpoints, at opposite ends of the spectrum. On one end, you have
Uzo Aduba Plans To Use Her Voice 'As Often And As Loudly As Possible' To Protest By Paul Chi Netflix\u2019s acclaimed series \u201cOrange is the New Black\u201d ended last season with the heartbreaking death of fan favorite
7 Ways To Become Your Own #WonderWoman After watching Diana Prince basically obliterate the enemy in a WWI setting, it\u2019s hard not to be inspired by her daring and
I Care For Everyone, But I'm Nobody's Caretaker I have recently become a khaki-wearing, fanny-pack carrying, office-dwelling resident assistant at my college. I am organizing
Protecting Birth Control Access In Colorado In The Age Of Trump This month, Colorado Governor John Hickenlooper signed a very simple, very important piece of legislation into law. CO HB17
Maryland Beach Town Passes Emergency Law To Protect Families From Topless Sunbathers \Females baring their breasts is seen by society as unpalatable,\ says city attorney.
One More (Feminist) Wonder About 'Wonder Woman' We live in an era marked by popular films that normalize violence against women, such as \u201cFifty Shades of Grey\u201d and \u201cTwilight
Women Need To Pack A Gun To Avoid Rape, Says GOP Indiana Lawmaker People screamed. Now Jim Lucas is sort of sorry.
I Believe You. \u201cI saw you are famous on Instagram! You look great. I\u2019m sure you are super proud of yourself. Let\u2019s grab a drink sometime
Nice Shouldn't Be Confused With Weak Don\u2019t assume because you see me as the nice girl, you are stronger than me.
Ghosts Of My Exes Haunt My Online Dating Screen I remember the infancy of online dating
Sometimes You Just Have To Call Bullsh*t On Yourself We all spend a great amount of time calling bullsh*t on each other. We talk a lot about how we don\u2019t like lying or lame excuses
Women Can Go Topless At This Maryland Beach... For Now But Ocean City's mayor is vowing to fight back.
This Cheeky 1913 Letter From A Suffragist Is Giving Us Life Go off, Bertha!
Handmaid\u2019s Tale, Episodes 8 & 9 Trigger warning
Why More Immigrant Women Must Run For Office Regardless of the calls for deportations, walls, and travel bans, new Americans are here to stay. While our political leaders
Elizabeth Warren Might Get Her Very Own Action Figure Nevertheless, she persisted... and became an action figure.
Sexual Assault And Undocumented Women In Trumpland Since Trump took office, there is increased concern for a demographic facing sexual assault
To Those Who Think They Can Derail My Dreams Dreams do not have to be compared. Dreams are not a race. Dreams are not a competition.
Running Saved Me From Postpartum Depression It was the best thing that I could have done for myself not just as an individual, but also as a Mom.
Demanding Respect For Women In Coed Sports Clearly, many opponents expect me to be bad simply because I am a girl.
This Woman Had A Brilliant Solution To Her Ex Being In Her Old Photos (Hint
Hillary Clinton To Next Female Presidential Candidate \Our system in our country is the most difficult political environment in the world of any democracy to elect a leader.\
Joss Whedon Responds To 'Wonder Woman' Backlash With Adorable Tweet Don't worry angry dudes, you can stop being angry now \ud83d\ude43
The Handmaid's Homebirth Hulu and makers of \The Handmaid's Tale\ elected to perpetuate damaging falsehoods about home deliveries in the series.
Feminism Is Cool! Whether or not you choose to call yourself a feminist, if you believe in the concept, what really matters is how you act.
Ariel Winter The \Modern Family\ star has no time for body shamers \u270c\ufe0f
'The Bachelorette' Nonchalantly Praised Therapy And It Was Great Here's why it matters.
Pantsuit Nation\u2014Meet Rachel Edited By Libby Chamberlain Pro-Choice is not a liberal slogan, nor is it a conservative slur. The women who make decisions
A Feminist Defense Of Callista Gingrich Callista Gingrich ought to be accorded the same freedom from scrutiny a man would enjoy.
Feminist In The Kitchen Cooking is an exercise of choice and action.
The One Thing Every Woman Needs To Know To Find Happiness Every woman has filled in this blank at some point in her life
How Rape Culture And Racism Combine To Hurt Asian Women As a result of society\u2019s common dismissal, these experiences of racialized, sexual violence too often go ignored.
Painful Chinese Foot-Binding Was More Than An Erotic Practice, Study Finds \Our work dispels the view that women were just trying to please men,\ researcher Laurel Bossen says.
Florida Just Became The Latest State To Abolish The 'Tampon Tax' Well done!
This is Why I\u2019m Not Sorry Have you ever thought about how the words you use can impact your brand? No, I\u2019m not talking about the four-letter words
I\u2019m Not The Cooperative Target You'd Like Me To Be This week several journalists interviewed me regarding my role in the ouster of Richard Spencer\u2014the Abercrombie and Fitch
The Commencement Speech I Wish I'd Given... Twenty years ago, I was given the honor to deliver a speech during my high school graduation. I was, and remain, tremendously
Can Wonder Woman Save Us From Donald Trump? Soon sounds of cheers will be heard for miles as women and girls swarm to movie theaters to see the new Wonder Woman movie
Periods Are More Than A Hassle Take a moment to think about some simple yet staggering facts. Today, more than 800 million girls and women around the world
Toxic Masculinity And The Unsurprising 'Body-Slamming' Of A Reporter Greg Gianforte is a symptom of Trump culture.
Grown Men Upset By Movie Theater Offering Women-Only Screening Of 'Wonder Woman' You OK, guys?
The KarJenner Effect on Trump's Constituency If asked to describe the brand of America\u2019s royal family in one word, by now, you probably know that the word is capitalism
Texting With Your Twenties The time management factor You might make some bad decisions... The nostalgia The all-too-real Sunday Scares It will all
Miss USA Reminds Young Women That They Have A Seat At The Table In STEM \Guess what? I've worked hard enough to be in this position.\
Danielle Brooks To Her Teenage Self \u201cYou are not an ordinary 15 year old, and that is okay.\
We Got Naked To Endorse Sex Positivity We teamed up to express the idea of free, conscious and confident women who are not sorry for their choices.
Texas Just Won't Stop Trying To Force 'Fetal Burial' Rules On Women Here we go again.
Women In Film Stronger Than Ever In Provincetown International Film Festival 2017 Women filmmakers can get inspired by this year\u2019s 19th Provincetown International Film Festival (PIFF) running from June 14th
The Truth Behind The Push And Pull Of Love And Loneliness \Love is always going to stick around to help you when you need it.\
Why We Need To Stop Shaming 'Resting Bitch Face' Women who are socially selective and empowered shouldn't be made objects of sexist scorn
Revolutionary Advances In Abortion Access For more than 10 years, women around the world have had access to online abortion. It's time for the U.S. to catch up.
An Open Letter To My Best Friend I don\u2019t want you stressing about your future because a gem of a friend such as you will always have a bright future.
15 Themes On Feminism From Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie Now more than ever is an important time in our country for women to build their own tribe. One of our most recent renowned
Kesha Says 'Taking The Time To Work On Yourself Requires Bravery' The singer-songwriter wrote a powerful essay about overcoming her eating disorder.
Hillary Clinton Practiced Dodging Trump\u2019s \u2018Hugs\u2019 Before The Debates It's funny... until it's not.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant \u2015 but succinct \u2015 wisdom. Each week, HuffPost Women
Robin Wright And why she absolutely deserves to be paid as much as her \House of Cards\ co-star.
Macron Pulls A Trudeau And Fills Half His Cabinet With Women Tr\u00e8s bien!
The Truth About 'Identity Politics' So yes, I did vote with my vagina.
How To Embrace College As A Feminist Experience In a society that regularly objectifies and demeans women, college asks us to invest in ourselves.
Miss USA Says She Actually Does Consider Herself A Feminist K\u00e1ra McCullough said it isn\u2019t easy answering such in-depth questions in 30 seconds.
The Future Depicted In 'The Handmaid's Tale' Is Already Here The show is not theory \u2014 it is in practice all over the radical right-wing world.
Government Scientist Crowned Miss USA In Pageant Trump Used To Own Her thoughts on health care and feminism sparked some controversy.
Families Can Drive Gender Equality, But Only If We Help Them Evolve Women are increasingly the breadwinners of their families, a shift in domestic roles that has upsides and challenges.
Most Moms Work, But More Of Them Aren't Joining The Workforce The overall number of moms in the workforce peaked around the year 2000.
An Open Letter To My Deceased Adoptive Mother (Fay) for Mother's Day Dear Mum, I miss you. You battled so bravely to stay with Steven, dad and me but in the end you finally had enough of the
The Woman Who Raised Me Was Unshockingly A Person First Two nights after I interviewed my mom about motherhood, I woke up from a deep sleep where I\u2019d dreamt I was pregnant with
50+ Women Can't Wear Bikinis? Not Anymore! There seems to be a popular, largely unspoken belief out there that women over 50 shouldn\u2019t be wearing bikinis, or any other
Gender Equality How do you fix a problem if the people in power don\u2019t see a problem?
There's Nothing Dysfunctional About Single Motherhood This Mother's Day, let's support women by rejecting the false narrative of \family breakdown.\
Time Lapse You study the photograph and find yourself surprised that this is your mother\u2019s midriff, that these are her coppery legs
Advice For The Broken-Hearted Dear owner of a broken\u00a0heart, There is so much chipper and well meaning advice on the topic of heartbreak. It\u2019s as if the
28 Things Anyone With A Feminist Mother Knows To Be True Because you got it from your mama \u2764\ufe0f
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant \u2015 but succinct \u2015 wisdom. Each week, HuffPost Women
5 Things You're Doing 100 Percent Totally Exactly Right Do I really need to know the biggest mistake I\u2019m making with scrambled eggs? Because there are 16 wrong things I am doing according to something I just read.
Mothers Don\u2019t Need Greeting Cards And Chocolate\u2014We Need Real Reform This is a crisis in our country, one that our leaders urgently need to address.
Note 
Note 
Gloria Steinem Praises Protests Against Donald Trump As 'Fan-f**king-tastic' Steinem delivered the commencement speech to graduates of the School of Visual Arts.
To The Momma Without A Baby This Mother's Day I\u2019ve been there. I know the hurt in your heart.
6 Months Post Election, Women\u2019s March Holds Sit-Ins To Reignite Activism Organizers want women to keep the momentum going.
Learning About Love At Grandma's Table By Annie Mark-Westfall We have just returned from Home Leave, which included a week at my grandmother\u2019s house in the New
Beyonc\u00e9 And Amal's Pregnancies Can Change The World In A Real Way The two may elect to deliver vaginally and destigmatize the procedure for women around the world.
OITNB Star Calls Out Sexist, Agist Casting Call In Perfect Twitter Rant \I was just informed that at the age of 43, I am TOO OLD to play the wife of a 57 year old.\
5 Gifts You Need To Give Your Future Self (And Why They Matter) Every second of every day, we're doing something that shapes our tomorrow. Every second of every day, we're either giving
7 Feminist Groups On What Trumpcare Could Mean For Women \u201cThis is the worst bill for women\u2019s health in a generation.\u201d
'Wonder Woman' Partnered With Think Thin In Tone-Deaf Branding Move \Wonder Woman ain't here for body shaming.\
We Must Be Our Own Mothers And Heal Our Wounds \u201cEach one of us carries our mother forward so it is necessary to heal the mother-daughter split whether your mother is alive
Hillary Clinton Clinton took aim at detractors and Twitter trolls in a rousing speech.
Woman Gives Birth To Her New (Book) Baby In Hilarious Photoshoot A proud single mama. \ud83d\udcda
25 Tweets Show How Much Trumpcare Could Punish Women \I am a woman, therefore \n#IAmAPreExistingCondition.\
NYC Takes A Major Step Toward Closing The Wage Gap Employers can no longer use a person's salary history against them.
Trump Administration Hires Official Accused Of Sexually Assaulting Students Steven Munoz allegedly assaulted five freshmen at The Citadel military college several years ago.
Check Out The Message Women Left For Trump Where He's Speaking In Manhattan He is not going to love this homecoming gift.
Under The New Health Care Bill, Rape Could Be A Pre-Existing Condition And women could be charged more for having a C-section or PPD.
Ivanka Trump Actually Attributes Her Success To Hard Work In her new book, she fails to realize just how much being wealthy, white and famous helped her out in life.
Barbra Streisand Says She Doesn't Have A Directing Oscar Because Of Sexism The Hollywood legend says voters didn't want to see a woman director.
'Supergirl' Nods To Elizabeth Warren With A+ Season Finale Title \Nevertheless, she persisted.\
Harmful Speaker Selected For Stanford Conference On Title IX And Sexual Violence On May 1-2, Stanford University will host \u201cThe Way Forward
12-Year-Old 'Humiliated' By Chess Tournament Officials Over \u2018Seductive\u2019 Dress The girl wore a knee-length dress to participate in the tournament held in Malaysia.
Finding The Volume Of My Voice As A Survivor And a low, steady volume is what suits me the best.
If We Treated Men Like We Do Women, Would They Cry More At Work? Since women are more likely to be unfairly blamed and disrespected, how is it fair to judge them when they cry?
Here's Why That Heineken Ad Is Even Worse Than The Pepsi Ad Bigotry, sexism, and transphobia aren't just differences of opinion.
3 Lessons Learned From A 31-Year-Old Intern It\u2019s never too late\u2026as long as you are ok with buying coffee for people a decade younger than you.
I Didn\u2019t March, But It Doesn\u2019t Mean I Don\u2019t Care For days leading up to the March for Science I experienced a variety of feelings ranging from curiosity and excitement, to
Here's What Trump Has Done For Women In His First 100 Days Hint
Mothers Are Less Wealthy Than Women Without Children Having children can drastically change women\u2019s economic and financial status. kathrinpie/pixabay Philipp M. Lersch, University
Mother's Day I am not one to go all sentimental on Mother\u2019s Day. Mother\u2019s Day always was the day my own mother wanted to observe and celebrate
Why Being Sexy Has Nothing To Do With Appearance Sexy is messy, caring, and sudden. It\u2019s not planned or contrived.
How Women Around The Country Raised Over $1 Million For Local Abortion Funds Who knew bowling could be so philanthropic?
Bill Cosby's Daughter Writes Letter In His Defense, Says He 'Respects Women' The letter comes six weeks before Cosby's trial.
Lena Dunham On Body Image The \Girls\ creator explains how six years of body shaming never got to her.
'Resistance Is Female' Takes Over Phone Booths In New York 'Resistance is Female' is a grassroots street art campaign directed toward women.
Meet Colonel Wafa Sharqawi, Among The First Women To Become A Police Officer In Palestine Cross-posted by UN Women Lieutenant Colonel Wafa Sharqawi was among the first women to join the Palestinian Civil Police
This Activist Nun Live-Tweeted The Arkansas Executions \Why do we kill people to show that killing people is wrong?\
Matt McGorry To Men Who Use Feminism To Get Laid You can say that again. \ud83d\ude4f
Why Sheryl Sandberg Decided To Speak Openly About Losing Her Husband \u201cI woke up and thought, this is so bad,\u201d the Facebook executive told HuffPost.
Supporting Your Right To Know What's In Your Tampons And Pads Perhaps you, like many other consumers, question the safety of these types of items.
Abigail Breslin Had A Powerful Response To Commenter Who Said Only Reported Rapes 'Count' \Unreported rapes count. Reported rapes count. End of story.\
The Problem With Pussy Hats We don\u2019t need more merch. We need solidarity and foresight.
What Does Your Husband Do? The Secret Identity Of The Expat Wife Of all the questions a modern woman expects to be asked when meeting someone for the first time, \u201cSo, what does your husband
Defense Lawyer Who Said Women Are \Especially Good\ At Lying Is \Especially Good\ At Being A Misogynist Tennessee defense lawyer Steve Farese tried to do what practically every defense lawyer does for their client who is accused
'The Handmaid's Tale' Is Unequivocally A Story By, For And About Women This is a story of women's survival.
Indiana University Will No Longer Accept Athletes With History Of Sexual Violence The university's athletic director hopes other Big Ten schools will follow suit.
Judge Who Praised Rapist Probably Isn't Going Anywhere, Utah Officials Say Judge Thomas Low's decision to call former Mormon bishop Keith Vallejo an \u201cextraordinarily good man\ sparked a global outcry.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant \u2015 but succinct \u2015 wisdom. Each week, HuffPost Women
How Many Women Does It Take To Change A Cable News Host? Women have been paying for a long time for the misbehavior of men.
Rachel Bloom Made A Hilarious Video About The Struggle Of Being A Ladyboss \Being a boss is empowering...but it's also kind of weird.\
Don't Fool Yourself, Men Are Still Overwhelmingly In Charge There are laughably few women leaders in the corporate world, and one indicator suggests it's getting worse.
1 In 6 Teen Girls Say They've Experienced Harassment Since Election Day A new report examines the sexual violence young women face in the U.S.
Joe Biden Reminds Men Just How Important They Are In The Fight Against Sexual Assault The former VP wrote a powerful essay on the work that still needs to be done.
Reminder To Progressives You can't fight for economic justice without also fighting for reproductive rights.
Bill O\u2019Reilly Meets Pope Francis The Same Day Fox Fires Him Even a handshake from the pope couldn't stop the inevitable.
D.C. Proposes Bill With Hope That More Sexual Assault Survivors Will Get Justice \u201cWe know that when victims and survivors feel supported they are more likely to engage with the criminal justice system.\
Charlize Theron Shot Back At Idea That 'Girlboss' Cast Had 'Too Many Girls' Boom. \ud83d\udc4a \ud83d\udc6d \ud83d\udc6d \ud83d\udca5
13 Things That Will Make You Panic When You Enter Your Late 20s When the f*cking f*ck did we all get so old?
Stanford Backtracks After Prohibiting Use Of Trump Photo For Sexual Assault Conference Law professor Michele Landis Dauber had been trying to get the photo approved for months.
Sexual Assault Survivors Gather Outside Fox News To Demand Bill O'Reilly Be Fired \u201cBill\u2019s a good guy! Forget about it!,\u201d a man passing by yelled out.
Maryland Fails To Pass Bill That Would Take Away Rapists' Parental Rights Women in that state must include their attackers in any decisions about custody or adoption.
Jessica Chastain Won't Take Roles Until She Knows What Male Stars Are Making \u201cI\u2019m not taking jobs anymore where I\u2019m getting paid a quarter of what the male co-star is being paid.\
Former Apple Engineer Describes Domestic Abuse In Chilling Courtroom Statement \What\u2019s the point of me speaking up now?\u201d she said. \u201cI get heard to be ignored?\
Jenna Bush Hager's Praise Of Her Dad's 'Feminism' Speaks To A Common Misconception Unfortunately, that feminism didn\u2019t extend to policy when he was POTUS.
A Coach\u2019s Role In Preventing Sexual Assault In his 2011 article in The Nation, titled \u201cJocks vs. Pukes,\u201d famed sports journalist and social commentator Robert Lipsyte
Abortion \u201cAbortion
Muslim Woman Runs Boston Marathon To Raise Money For Refugees \God brought me here for a reason.\
19 Women React To The Messy, Imperfect 'Girls' Finale \The real Girls were the think pieces we wrote along the way.\
Another GOPer Has Compared Planned Parenthood To Nazi Germany Yikes.
Read The Empowering Letter Michelle Obama Sent Lilly Collins She even used a Wonder Woman stamp.
On Growing Up With The 'Girls' Here's to six seasons of messy, f**ked up, adventurous women.
A Look Back At 6 Seasons Of Perfect 'Girls' Quotes So long to \Girls\ and its brilliant dialogue.
Yes, I Can Be A Zionist And A Feminist I am tired of people pitting my identities against one another.
Hear My Voice What a great guy, the judge said, as he sentenced the convicted rapist to life in prison for his crimes.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant \u2015 but succinct \u2015 wisdom. Each week, HuffPost Women
93 Female Marines Write Letter Urging Service To Address Rampant Misogyny \u201cIn a culture that prizes masculinity, it is easy to mistake barbarism for strength.\u201d
Death Of Trailblazing Black Female Judge Is 'Suspicious,' NYPD Says Sheila Abdus-Salaam, the first African-American woman to serve on New York's highest court, was found dead in the Hudson River last week.
The Greatest Team You Never Heard Of Got A Raise - And They Still Make Less Than The Men By Tarah Walsh They\u2019ve been called the greatest team you\u2019ve never heard of and they just got a raise. After months of intense
What Happened To My Toddler? I'm Miss Priss over here, so these boy things amaze me, plus I'm not a fan of guns, as I've already stated and my son loves
How Sorority Women On Campus Can Support Survivors Of Sexual Assault It is vital within our organization, and organizations like ours, to stress the importance of our members\u2019 duty to care for one another.
Would You Rather Be A Victim Or A Warrior? Your mentality is half of the battle.
Game Show Makes Men Guess Whether A Woman Is Pregnant Or Fat Yikes.
Jian Ghomeshi Announces New Podcast, Gets Rightfully Dragged No one has forgotten the allegations made against the former Canadian radio host.
Violent Misogyny Strikes Every Day, Just Read The News Don't ask why feminists \hate men.\ Be amazed that we don't.
Why I No Longer Dream of Having It All We can\u2019t have it all, not really. No one can.
Women Will Take Down Men Like Trump, O\u2019Reilly And Ailes Women of color will make up 53 percent of the population by 2050.
Janelle Mon\u00e1e Has Endorsed A Sex Strike At least \until every man is fighting for our rights.\
Thanks, But No Spanx... ***PREFACE
How Yoga Instructors Can Support Sexual Assault Survivors Trauma-informed yoga represents a potential breakthrough.
Fraternities Can Be A Force For Good In The Fight To End Campus Rape \Now that I know we can do more, we must do more.\
Spotlight On AthenaHacks This was heartbreaking. So many young girls start off strong in school with math and science, with the same level of confidence
Why I Stopped Feeling Pressured To Have Kids Now Being childless isn\u2019t selfish or automatically an inferior life choice.
I'm Not A Killjoy For Hating Dave Chappelle's Rape Jokes He trivializes the pain I\u2019ve lived for 11 years.
Woman Has Perfect Response To Husband's Sexist 'Sandwich Maker' Joke \ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25
Texas House Just Approved $20 Million In Funding For Anti-Abortion Initiatives Lawmakers took money from clean-air initiatives to fund faith-based crisis pregnancy centers.
Hillary Unleashes, While Ivanka Keeps Quiet Clinton speaks candidly about sexism, while the first daughter works in secret.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant \u2015 but succinct \u2015 wisdom. Each week, HuffPost Women
Nicola Sturgeon The First Minister of Scotland spoke about the sexism powerful women face.
Justin Trudeau The Canadian PM remains a committed feminist.
The Evolution Of The Feminist Label, According To Two Iconic Activists Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie and Cecile Richards spoke at the Women in the World Summit.
Queen Latifah On How She's Used Her Success To Lift Up Other Women \I was always fighting from the beginning.\
Did You Join The Women's March? You Just Won An Awesome Award. The march just won a \Freedom of Expression Courage\ award.
Aly Raisman On Why We Need To Keep Talking About Sexual Violence Give this woman another medal.
Andrew Lincoln Reveals What He Thinks Of His \u2018Love Actually\u2019 Character Finally.
How Joe Biden Sees 'Victory' In The Fight Against Sexual Assault \u201cThis issue of violence [against women] has been a dirty little secret that\u2019s been kept in the closet in American culture.\
A Seat At The Table Roger Ailes and Mike Pence offer two textbook cases for how women are systematically excluded from professional settings.
5 Habits Professional Women Should Break 1. Apologizing. This one is probably something that could be applied to all women everywhere, but especially in a professional
Cities Are Outlawing One Job Interview Question To Fight The Wage Gap NYC is set to pass legislation targeting the gender pay gap.
People Are Totally Buggin' Over This Time Capsule From 1998 Randi Bergman, 31, found relics left in a closet by her 13-year-old self.
The Gender Wage Gap Exists Are female candidates being put forward for influential roles in your office?
Equal Pay Won't Happen As Long As Employers Ask For Salary Histories Wage gaps that begin early can follow workers all their working lives.
Penis Subway Seat In Mexico City Is Meant To Teach Men About Sexual Assault \You think this is uncomfortable?\ a sign asks guys taken by surprise.
Georgia\u2019s \u201cCampus Rape Bill\u201d Is Finally Dead For 2017, Students Are Now Asking For Something Better In 2018 Georgia state Rep. Earl Ehrhart, R-Powder Springs, after the second and final defeat for 2017 of his controversial campus
Pregnant Syrian-American Woman Debuts Fire Rap Video 'Hijabi' \Covered up or not, don't ever take us for granted.\
To The Guy Who Took My Picture Without My Permission Next to my picture was a picture of my friend\u2019s butt.
China's First Androgynous 'Boy Band' Is Breaking Down Barriers Acrush is making fans across China swoon.
Astronaut Peggy Whitson Just Smashed Another Space Record She's on her third long-duration mission to the International Space Station.
Donald Trump Tweeted About Enlisting The Full Potential Of Women. It Fell Short. \Does this involve calling them pigs and grabbing them by the genitals?\
Emma Watson Talked To Eve Ensler About The 'Profound Emergency In America' The Vagina Monologues author discussed the need for resistance.
Over 90 Organizations Demand Trump Administration Enforce Title IX In Powerful Letter \u201cWe will not rest until the rights and protections of all students are guaranteed.\u201d
Top UN & NGO Officials Adopt Zero Tolerance Stance On Abuses Against Female Staff. Here's What We Can Do Next. The global humanitarian system in the form of the Inter-Agency Standing Committee has recently published a Zero Tolerance
Samantha Bee Goes Full 'Schoolhouse Rock' With Video About Rape Kit Bill Bipartisan camaraderie is real.
Female Smurf Character Edited Out Of Film Posters In Israeli City Smurfette was erased amid fears the image \u201cmight incite the feelings of the city\u2019s residents.\u201d
Twitter Hilariously Reacts To Trump\u2019s Bad Susan B. Anthony Joke \Have you heard of Susan B. Anthony? I\u2019m shocked.\u201d
NBA Commissioner Says A Woman Will Be A Head Coach 'Sooner Rather Than Later' \There is absolutely no reason why a woman will not ascend to be a head coach in this league,\ Adam Silver said.
Team Trump Is On A Bizarre Mission To Convince You They Value Women In two days, Sean Spicer and three Trumps have claimed they're trying to empower women.
Daily Mail Hits Another Low With Sexist Front Page This is 2017, but some of the buggers on Fleet Street must not have noticed.
Stop Talking About Abortion Access Without Considering Women Who Get Them What a NYTimes op-ed suggesting Democrats shouldn't be the \abortion party\ missed.
This 8-Year-Old Who Brought A Rice Krispie Treat On A Jog Is All Of Us We feel you, girl.
An Alarming Percentage Of Women At UT Austin Reported Being Raped The University's president called the findings of a recent survey \a wake-up call.\
#MuslimWomensDay Takes Off On Twitter Amid Celebration And Backlash The trolls were out on Twitter as Muslim women took center stage.
More Planned Parenthood Clinics Equals Fewer Teen Births, STDs Just in case Congress needed a reminder, a new study highlights the value of Planned Parenthood.
\u2018Fearless Girl\u2019 Statue Will Stare Down Wall Street Bull Until 2018 Mayor Bill de Blasio calls the decision \u201ca fitting path for a girl who refuses to quit.\u201d
Step Aside, Uber \u2014 United Airlines' 'Leggings-Gate' Just Made You Look Good Two girls wanted to board a flight wearing leggings. United Airlines had other plans.
I Don't Care About Being Half Naked On The Internet And I want my daughter to see it too.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant \u2015 but succinct \u2015 wisdom. Each week, HuffPost Women
Gorsuch Deserves No Free Pass At The Expense Of Women The Supreme Court nominee's history proves he's an existential threat to women's freedom.
What Is It To Be A Woman? As A Black Woman, I Still Have No Answer I reserve my right to embrace all aspects of my black body so badly abused and shamed throughout history.
From Here To Uganda Margaret Nakanjakke was born in a small village in Uganda. As a young adult, she worked hard selling banana leaves, eggplant
Hero Game Developer Starts Donation Campaign On Behalf Of Her Trolls Thanks, guys \u00af\\_(\u30c4)_/\u00af
The Women We Forget When We Talk About 'Defunding' Planned Parenthood \I probably would not have lived...had Planned Parenthood not been there.\
Thinx Co-Founder Denies Sexual Harassment Allegations The former CEO of the underwear company was accused of fondling an employee's breasts and fostering a hostile work environment.
After 35 Years, Nevada Is Slated To Ratify The Equal Rights Amendment The original push to pass the ERA fell just three states short.
National Rosie The Riveter Day Is Finally A Reality In recognition of the millions of women who worked during WWII.
Short Film Explores What It\u2019s Like To Find Out You Have An STI Sometimes it just comes down to bad luck.
Stephen Hawking Teaches Piers Morgan A Valuable Lesson In Gender Equality \u201cWomen are at least the equals of men or better,\u201d the esteemed physicist said.
Jessica Chastain Shuts Down Bro Who Tried To Mansplain Women's Health Why do men keep trying to explain reproductive healthcare to her?
Catchy 'Schoolhouse Rock' Parody Reminds Us That Plan B Is 'Just A Pill' \ud83c\udfa4  I'm just a pill, a kind of birth control pill \ud83c\udfa4
Being Selfish And 9 Other Things You Shouldn't Apologize For During Sex For Glamour, by Suzannah Weiss. A lot of dumb societal baggage can make us feel ashamed of our sex lives. But the truth is
Not My Feminism Co-authored with Janet Freedman, author of Reclaiming the Feminist Vision Whoa! Who decided that feminism and anti-Zionism
How A Post-Planned Parenthood World Could Look For Women For American women, dystopia is a few budget cuts away.
Three Reasons You Need To Say \u2018No\u2019 More Often The lights came up on the stage, and I was about to make my entrance before the audience as a producer ran up behind me and
Trump\u2019s Budget Would Be Devastating To Poor Victims Of Domestic Abuse Cuts to everything from free legal aid to heating assistance would hurt those most vulnerable.
Famous Women's Bodies Don't Belong To You Emma Watson and Amanda Seyfried were the targets of the latest celeb nude leaks.
Watch Kirsten Gillibrand Tear Into Marine General About Nude Photo Scandal \Your answers today are unsatisfactory.\
Watch This Woman School Tom Price On His Hypocrisy Around Planned Parenthood Not all heroes wear capes.
Bow Wow And Why Fighting Trump With Sexism Ain't The Look Nobody even asked you to weigh in, Shad.
UN Chief Warns That Women's Rights Are Under Attack Worldwide \Our world needs more women leaders.\
State Senator Compared Planned Parenthood To A Nazi Concentration Camp Sen. Steve Fitzgerald was angry that someone had donated to the organization in his name.
Why Men Need To Help Pay For Prenatal Care For starters, most pregnancies in the U.S. include a man, as it\u2019s impossible to get pregnant without sperm.
Internet Mistakes Professor\u2019s Wife For Nanny. Here's What That Says About Us News outlets, famous authors and bloggers had to check their racial bias.
Men Of SNL Mansplained The 'Day Without A Woman' In Spot-On Skit \ud83d\ude12 \ud83d\ude12 \ud83d\ude12
An Indefensible Silence On Domestic Abuse In The Undocumented Community Undocumented women have two choices, face further abuse or get deported.
Zionism, The Nakba And Feminism In a recent op-ed in the New York Times, author Emily Shire asked, in relation to the International Women\u2019s Day Strike that
5 Infuriating Things Non-Adoptees Say To Adoptees Just because I express negative emotions about being adopted does not necessarily make me an angry adoptee.
Standing Her Ground On Wall Street Wall Street\u2019s Charging Bull was set in place in 1989. It was a year that opened with the inauguration of George Bush the
Man In Suit Humping 'Fearless Girl' Statue Is Why We Need Feminism One creepy picture speaks volumes.
#NotTheNanny I erred in the wrong direction and had to think hard about what that meant.
The Story Of A North Korean Defector Yeonmi Park's world was a terrible reality.
Working On The Relationship \u201cIt is not just Trump\u2019s ever wavering policies we need to reject but a political culture based on anger, hatred, and othering
Donald Trump Is Making Me Toned Finding inner peace in the age of Trump.
What's Holding Arab Women Back From Achieving Equality? Internal disputes within their countries, and devastation imported from without, afflict Arab women in a unique way.
Judge Who Asked \u2018Why Couldn\u2019t You Keep Knees Together?\u2019 Resigns The Canadian judge made the comment during a 2014 rape trial.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant \u2015 but succinct \u2015 wisdom. Each week, HuffPost Women
If You Really Want To Limit Abortions, Protect Free Birth Control Reminder
Time to defund the diet industry? Eighty five percent of women reported that they opt out of important life activities because of feeling bad about their looks
Watch 'Day Without A Woman' Organizers Celebrate Their Release From Jail \I feel proud of what I did today,\ Linda Sarsour said.
Former Beauty Queen Laura Hunter Sues Fake News Site For Stealing Her Identity The site claimed she was a pro-Trump, right-wing blogger living with her dog in Tennessee.
Here's What 'A Day Without A Woman' Strikers Had To Say To President Trump A strong message for POTUS, from protesters.
GOP Celebrated International Women's Day By Coming For Your Repro Rights Paul Ryan's \u201cconservative wish list\u201d is no gift to women.
Late Night TV Hosts Make Same Important Point To Mark International Women's Day Samantha Bee, Jimmy Kimmel, James Corden and Stephen Colbert each tackled the topic in a similar way.
My Husband Is Selfish, Forgetful And Brash. And That\u2019s Exactly Why I Married Him. When my husband and I sat down with our pastor for pre-marital counseling, my mind was a flurry of white noise, punctuated
9 Things You Should Never Say To A Single Girl In Her 30s We have a feeling that being a parent is really\u00a0hard, so we're going to forgive the\u00a0condescension with which you said this
These Media Outlets Are Striking On International Women's Day To remind us that they wouldn't exist or survive without women.
Kickass Google Doodle Celebrates 13 Game-Changing Women In honor of International Women's Day.
IMDB Adopts British Film Festival's 'F-Rating' To Highlight Movies Made By Women The designation \sends a clear message to distributors, producers and funders that women can and should have more than just a supporting role.\
J.K. Rowling Expertly Shuts Down The International Women's Day Trolls Confundus!
This Nora Ephron Speech Is For Women Who Think Feminism Doesn't Apply To Them The 21-year-old speech still rings true.
Cecile Richards Makes The Case For Planned Parenthood Dressed In All Red Women are wearing red in solidarity with \A Day Without A Woman.\
Pittsburgh Restaurant Gives Female Staff Paid Day Off For 'A Day Without A Woman' Male bartenders, including the mayor, will take over their shifts while raising money for Planned Parenthood.
Women Keep Schools Running, But They're Not In Charge Of Running Them There's still a major glass ceiling in education.
The BOSS Network Redefines Perspectives Of #WomenInTech Across The Globe \u201cWatching the pitch competition excited me to follow the competitors\u2019 entrepreneurial journeys, and even inspired me to enter
This App Wants To Help Women Track How Often They're 'Manterrupted' Inspired by the Manterrupter-in-Chief himself.
'Day Without A Woman' Rallies Happening From Alaska To Rhode Island No, it's not just for \coastal elites.\
This Is Why The Beyhive Is Mad At Emma Watson A breakdown of Watson's VF cover criticism and what's happened since.
Why Are Adult Men In Power Always Given The Chance To 'Grow Up\u2019? Uber exec Travis Kalanick\u2019s excuse for bad behavior is representative of a larger trend.
10-Year-Old Explains To Principal Why She's Joining A 'Day Without A Woman' \I am going to do whatever I can to make my voice heard.\
Here\u2019s What It Would Cost The U.S. Economy If Every American Woman Went On Strike Tomorrow By Lisa Ryan On Wednesday, women around the world will go on strike in observance of International Women\u2019s Day as part of
I Didn't Lose My Self To Motherhood, And Neither Should You. Being a mother isn't a distraction from who we are.
26 Tweets Prove #WhatFeministsWear Is \u2018Anything They F*cking Want' Gloria Steinem defended Emma Watson after critics called her Vanity Fair cover anti-feminist.
Women Leaders Of The Resistance Share 5 Different Ways To #StopTrump By Teddy Landis, Harvard Class of 2020 On Tuesday February 28th, a panel of six incredible women convened in the JFK Jr. Forum
Chrissy Teigen's Openness About Depression Empowered And Freed Us All We shouldn\u2019t be afraid to tell each other the things that make us complex.
9 Things Every Type B Person Wishes You Knew Nobel Prize winner Edith Wharton once said, \u201cThere are two ways of spreading light
The Myth Of The Man-Hating Feminist The myth of the man-hating feminist endures because it justifies the status quo.
Tinder Issues Lifetime Ban After Man Calls His Match A 'Chink' And 'C**t' \Let me say this loud and clear
13 Body Language Blunders That Make You Look Bad You could be sabotaging your career.
7 Reasons Why The Dating System Is Broken And How To Navigate The Shit-Show Like most single people in New York, I both deplore and perpetuate the IRL version of The Bachelor that is dating in this
Polish Politician And his female colleague's response was perfect.
Kesha Urges Those Battling An Eating Disorder To Get Help In PSA \I am good enough, just as I am.\
Women Of Twitter Celebrate Their Queerness With Empowering Hashtag \ud83d\udc6d \ud83d\udc6d \ud83d\udc6d
Ad Proves That Challenging Sexist Gender Roles Is No Longer Radical \ud83d\udc4f \ud83d\udc4f \ud83d\udc4f \ud83d\udc4f \ud83d\udc4f
ESPNW Video Reminds Women They're 'More Than A Body To Be Rated' We're more than \a score to be kept.\
The Brawny Man Is The Brawny Woman For Women's History Month \Strength has no gender.\
I've Never Felt Worse Than In The Moment I Looked My 'Best' Many eating disorders hide in plain sight.
Tales Of A Former Girl Rapper \I was the only girl I knew practicing her flow, and internal rhyme, and not just listening to rap but studying it.\
GOP Congressman Mocked Democratic Women's 'Bad-Looking White Pantsuits' Please stop talking.
The Huge Part Of Women\u2019s History Trump Missed When He Praised Thomas Edison He spoke about the Centennial of 1876 as if women weren't present. They were.
Shame On President Trump For Exploiting A Widow The Widow's Card was played, but not by Carryn Owens.
The Hollywood Reporter's Cover Story On CNN Doesn't Feature Any Women Apparently women aren't a part of the network's \new war\ on digital media.
We Have Liftoff From \Hidden Figures\ to shiny plastic figurines!
Democratic Women Are Wearing White To Trump's Congressional Address Suffragist style!
Is Your Cell Phone More Exciting Than Your Partner? What will future relationships that are exposed to constant cell phone use look like?
Walmart Didn't Feature Any Women Filmmakers For Oscars Short Films Women are woefully underrepresented in the film industry.
Emma Stone Gave A Discreet Nod To Planned Parenthood At The Oscars And it was awesome.
Research Once Again Proves Abortion Restrictions Punish Poor Women The Most Access is a class-based issue.
Dear Body I want to say, 'I\u2019ll take care of you; I love you,' but I can\u2019t promise you that.
The Hollywood Boys' Club That Supports Casey Affleck Is A Total Disgrace It\u2019s enough to make a person puke blood all over their teen bedroom\u2019s \u201cGood Will Hunting\u201d poster.
Kim Mulkey Proves Baylor's Culture Is Still Toxic & Violent Yesterday, my twitter notifications were filled with comments about Baylor women\u2019s head basketball coach, Kim Mulkey. I went
No, Thank You, I Don't Drink... Do me a favor, folks, just drop it, mkay?
Hey Jameis Winston Hi Mr. Winston, You don't know me, which is fine. I'm a woman, a mother and a strong advocate for women's rights. As a life
5 Things You Need To Know About Fat Love Fat people can be happy and in love.
Merriam-Webster Trolls Kellyanne Conway With Definition Of 'Feminism' Dictionary knows best.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant \u2015 but succinct \u2015 wisdom. Each week, HuffPost Women
Listen To This Woman's Emotional Testimony In Support Of Planned Parenthood \Planned Parenthood saved my life,\ she said.
Stop Using Women And Girls To Justify Transphobia Cisgender women are done being used as an excuse.
Short Film Honors How Feminism Is Passed Down Between Generations \You\u2019re never too young or too old to care, to do something, to have an impact.\
Women Of Standing Rock Make A Powerful Plea Before Evacuation \We\u2019re still going to be here, and we need help.\
What The World Needs Now Is Men Who Cry For too long women have been dismissed for having strong feelings and showing them.
Politician Uses Baffling Logic To Justify Anti-Abortion Legislation This may be a new low.
My Body Is Mine. Hers Is Hers. Yours Is Yours. My size, and the size of any woman\u2019s body, is none of your business.
Norma McCorvey, The Unnamed Plaintiff In Roe v. Wade, Dead At 69 She died of heart failure, said a journalist profiling the landmark abortion decision.
GOP Official Says 'No Offense' After Suggesting Women Should Be Paid Less James Green got so much backlash, he ultimately resigned.
Breast Cancer When I wake up in the morning, I usually spend some time doing a little meditation and then planning out what I want to accomplish
State Senator Cracked A Table To Stop A Woman's Pro-Choice Testimony The room instantly went silent.
Two Best Friends Directed Their Negative Body Image Thoughts At Each Other And in return they learned an important lesson about self worth.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant \u2015 but succinct \u2015 wisdom. Each week, HuffPost Women
This Tween Fashion Brand Just Took A Big Step For Inclusivity \America\u2019s beauty comes from the diversity of its people.\
Ruth Bader Ginsburg's Relationship Advice How wise you are, Notorious RBG.
Andrew Puzder's Downfall Is The First Big Win For Women In The Trump Era The fast-food executive has a history of sexism, and was brought down by allegations that he beat his ex-wife.
Women's March Organizers Deliver Powerful Message At New York Fashion Week \Hear our voice.\
Adorable Girls Sum Up Why We Need More Landmarks Named After Women Would you want to be \a Lazy Susan\ when you grow up?
Oklahoma Lawmaker Wants Men To Approve Abortion, Calls Women 'Hosts' This is real life!
6 Hilarious Illustrations That Sum Up The Bonds Of Female Friendship Spot. On.
5 Life Lessons From Adele The 59th Grammy Awards had many noteworthy performances and winners. I would say this was one of their best shows in years
In Defense Of Letting Yourself Go \Body positivity may be wonderful, but freedom from the fear of growing older is even better.\
Yale Drops 'White Supremacist' Name From College, Honors Female Scientist Instead Students couldn't wait for July, when the new name becomes official, so they updated the college's signs themselves.
Watch Jill Soloway Give An Insanely Powerful Speech About Gender \In patriarchy, men see and women are looked at.\
If Adele's 'Hello' Was About Calling Congress It *may* be even catchier than the original.
Melinda Gates Wrote A Powerful Essay On How Birth Control Empowers Women She hopes to provide contraceptives to 120 million women by 2020.
Cecile Richards' Guide For Women Who Want To Join The Resistance \Together, we are a movement. And we are unstoppable.\
Lena Dunham Opens Up About Sexual Healing After Assault In Poignant Essay \u201cIn the past few years I\u2019ve started to ask myself what I really want out of sex.\
These Bros Wore Boob Weights In Solidarity With Well-Endowed Women \My boob's killing me!\
Women's March Organizers Are Planning A 'Day Without A Woman' The general strike will take place on March 8th, International Women's Day.
Sure, The Audi Ad Was Sweet, But Very Few Women Actually Work There Pay equality doesn't mean much when there aren't many women around.
Is Instagram Ruining Our Female Friendships? We\u2019re breeding inferiority amongst women.
I Went Speed Dating, And It Didn\u2019t Suck I hate going on dates. None of my three serious relationships \u2013 including my marriage \u2013 started with dating
Teen Girls React To Trump's Muslim Ban In Powerful Snapchat Story Because their voices deserve to be heard.
Teens Asking An Older Woman To Take Selfies With Them Are True #Squad Goals \u201cShe said she missed when she would go out with her girlfriends and get dressed up!\u201d
This Muslim Mom Was Targeted By Hate. Her Neighbors Refused To Stay Silent \u201cWe will show up, stand up, and stand against any hateful act in our community.\u201d
Sheryl Sandberg Donated $1 Million To Planned Parenthood \Women\u2019s rights are human rights \u2013 and there is no more basic right than health care.\
21 Powerful Tweets About Sally Yates\u2019 Refusal To Defend Muslim Ban Thank you, Sally \ud83d\udc4f \ud83d\udc4f \ud83d\udc4f
As Many States Roll Back Abortion Access, New York's Governor Wants To Protect It He proposed changing the state's constitution to protect Roe v. Wade.
Obama Spent His First Week In Office Championing Women's Rights To Equal Pay The Obama Foundation looks back.
There Is Still Work Ahead For Workplace Equity Eight years ago today, landmark legislation was enacted in the name of women\u2019s equality activist Lilly Ledbetter to advance
Wearing A Hijab Isn\u2019t The Way You Should Show Support For Muslim Women \Wearing a hijab in solidarity may lead to compelling photo-ops, but these ultimately offer little substance.\
Judge Blocks Texas From Implementing 'Fetal Burial' Rule \u2014 Again The controversial regulation has been stopped for now.
This Bill Could Change Maryland's Grossly Unjust Rape Law Rape victims should not be punished for being afraid to fight.
My Rape Taught Me To Fight For Women's Rights TRIGGER WARNING:\u00a0sexual assault As a victim survivor of sexual assault, actually let\u2019s call it what it is, rape and molestation
Sheryl Sandberg Comes Out Swinging Against Trump's Anti-Abortion Policy The Facebook executive also said she supported the Women's March and wished she could've been there.
You Call Us Malcontents And Dissidents Like It's A Bad Thing A few friends of mine and I attended the Women\u2019s March in D.C. on the 21st and it was one of the most empowering experiences
#WhyWeMarched Below is a handful of some marchers, or a slice of America, on #WhyWeMarched:
What I Learned When I Became An Exotic Dancer \I want to live in a world where it doesn\u2019t matter whether I tell someone I\u2019m a software engineer or an exotic dancer.\
To The Ladies Who 'Didn't Need' The Women's March You say you didn\u2019t need the march. Many of you criticized it, waved it away as a cry for attention, and frowned on those
Thousands Marched On Utah State Capitol Calling For Women's Equality The march took place on Monday to coincide with the state legislature's first day of work.
\u201cWe Shall Overcomb!\u201d Say The 100,000 Marching Against Trump In London Thousands of activists descended on London to march for women\u2019s rights, diversity and equality last Saturday. The Women\u2019s
The Deafening Silence Of Liberals In Response To Madonna The silence in the liberal echo chamber that is my Facebook feed is deafening. Apparently it has occurred to none of my left
A Village In Nova Scotia Had A Tiny Women\u2019s March With Huge Heart Fifteen people braved the cold Canadian weather for women\u2019s rights.
The Women's March Taught Me To Get Offline And Show Up In the aftermath of Trump\u2019s election I don\u2019t need to grow my Twitter following. I need to simply show up.
Here's What We Did On Inauguration Day HuffPost and Bustle, in partnership with Bold, created a day for action.
Why I Marched For My Mother And All The Women Like Her My mother is a fighter, and I stood shoulder to shoulder with her in D.C.
This Delightful Bro Threw Flowers Down To NYC Marchers \ud83c\udf39\ud83c\udf39\ud83c\udf39\ud83c\udf39\ud83c\udf39\ud83c\udf39\ud83c\udf39\ud83c\udf39\ud83c\udf39
Watch A Group Of Total Strangers Perform A Gorgeous Song At The Women's March \When we harmonize, they can't divide us.\
87-Year-Old Hospice Patient Prayed And we're weeping.
How To Keep Your March Momentum Going Six concrete steps to take right now.
Reflections On The Women's March On Washington From A Canadian Living In The U.S. How can we use this powerful demonstration to continue to live each day as the people who are capable of creating a more
This Was The March Of The Resilient, Radiant, Wise Woman The resilient, wise, radiant woman knows her significance and the necessity of her role in this world. She embraces the boldness
50 Photos That Reveal The Contrast Of Emotions Between Inauguration Day And Women's March Washington, D.C.-based photographer Katie Jett Walls felt it was her duty to document the scene on the ground at both the
Will Intersectional Feminism Ever Be One Lane? I remember asking my mom to let me stay home from school to watch the Million Man March back in 1995. I was 16 or 17, excited
The Women's March Was Not A Tantrum Today was not a tantrum. Today women, men, and children gathered in cities around the world by the hundreds of thousands
Scenes From The Chicago Women's March Something like 150,000 people showed up to the Chicago Women\u2019s March. Here are some pictures I snapped while I was there
Women On The March! I flew from Florida to Baltimore to take part in the Women\u2019s March in D.C. As soon as I got to the airport, there were women
Protests In Small-Town America Are The Backbone Of The Movement America is inundated with people who love this country.
I Marched For You, Too For those of my friends who were uninspired by today's women's marches; who desired neither to march, nor to support, and
What We Saw At The Women's March On Washington Sometimes, a picture's worth a thousand words. Here are 35.
Listen To 13 Women Share The Powerful Reasons They Marched \I don\u2019t like that this country is now in fear.\u201d
14 Signs From The Women's March To Honor Roe v. Wade's 44th Anniversary \We won't go back.\
Living In A Small Town Didn't Stop These People From Starting Women's Marches It wasn't just coastal elites who participated in the events.
15 Men On Why They Joined The Women's March On Washington This is what a feminist looks like.
This Woman Just Nailed The Importance Of Intersectionality At The Women's March This is important.
Actually, Feminism Is A Dirty Word It has always had a negative connotation.
89 Badass Feminist Signs From The Women's March On Washington \Glass ceilings are meant to be broken.\
Generations Lead the March on Washington 
America Ferrera \We are gathered here and across the country and around the world today to say, Mr. Trump we refuse.\
Gloria Steinem Declares The feminist icon inspired demonstrators Saturday before the Women's March on Washington.
Here's What The Nation's Women's Marches Looked Like We've witnessed an historic day.
Janelle Mon\u00e1e Shares Powerful Moment With Mothers Of The Movement Say their names.
Wonder Woman Save Us All Given our times, the citizens of the U.S. could very much use a disciple of truth, justice, and love.
When Women Pound The Streets, They Carry The Best Protest Signs #Womensmarch via ourbksocial via littlepaperslipper via one_six_nine via thefatbottomedgal via cheerupcharlies Thanks to all the women
Killing Me Softly\u200a \u2014 A Gender Equality Issue The guy stared at me with a grin on his face. He looked amused, a look that puzzled me since we were talking about my career
When a March Becomes a Blizzard I\u2019d like to try to explain from one person\u2019s perspective\u2014mine\u2014why hundreds of thousands of women chose to march across our
Ashley Judd Fires Up Women's March With Stirring 'Nasty Woman' Performance The actress and activist read the poem written by 19-year-old spoken word artist Nina Donovan.
Watch 6-Year-Old Sophie Cruz Give One Of The Best Speeches Of The Women's March Si se puede.
There Were Some Seriously Amazing Signs At The Women's Marches \ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f
Protesters Nationwide Stand In Solidarity With D.C. Women's March Everywhere you look, thousands are gathered for equality.
An Inspiring Reminder Of Why The Women's March Is So Damn Huge \u201cYou have to participate... You can\u2019t stop participating.\u201d
Amber Tamblyn Wants You To Hold Onto Your Anger Right Now \I feel like I've been in a decade-long period of heartbreak when it comes to the way women are treated.\
One Humanitarian's Simple And Profound Answer To The Trump Era Love.
Madeleine Albright Spends Inauguration Day With America's Future Leaders The future is most definitely female.
Flights To D.C. Area Are Packed With Women\u2019s March Participants And it's so awesome.
Want To Run For Political Office? Here's How To Get Started The time for broader representation in government is right now.
This CEO Is Paying For Employees To Go To The Women's March America, Donna Carpenter is proof that all hope is not lost.
Women Are Stocking Up On The Morning-After Pill Before Trump Takes Office Get it while it's hot!
Meet 10 Women Who Rushed To Get An IUD Before Inauguration Day At Planned Parenthood, demand for IUDs is  up 900% post-election.
Topless Protester In Spain Grabs Waxwork Donald Trump's Crotch Feminist organization FEMEN has claimed credit for the incident, which was caught on camera.
I\u2019m An Abortion Provider In A Red State. The Attacks On Reproductive Freedom Will Intensify Under Trump The biggest threat facing abortion providers is that state legislatures, emboldened by a Trump administration, will try to regulate us out of existence.
Virginia Politician Wants Roe v. Wade Anniversary To Be Called 'Day Of Tears' \ud83d\ude12 \ud83d\ude12 \ud83d\ude12
Even 'The Bachelor' Can't Hide From Female Solidarity Forever #LeanIn to making friends, not drama, in the Bachelor mansion.
Chelsea Handler On Why She's Leading The Women's March At Sundance And why you should march, too.
Local Politician Charged With Sexual Assault For Allegedly Pinching Woman's Genitals America, 2017.
Meet A Fierce And Fearless Activist Ready To Take On Donald Trump! A conversation with one of the women behind the Atlanta March for Social Justice and Women. \u201cI grieved on the night of the
Are You A Strong Woman? \u201cOne of the most courageous things you can do is identify yourself, know who you are, what you believe in and where you want
I'm Pro-Life, Christian, And I Support Planned Parenthood Faint shouts of \u201cCome here!\u201d and \u201cJesus loves you!\u201d greeted me as I stood outside a Planned Parenthood clinic trying to assist
370 'Sister Marches' Planned For Day After Trump's Inauguration It's so much bigger than just the Women's March on Washington.
Russia Moves to Decriminalize Several Cases Of Domestic Violence Anti-violence activists say the so-called \u201cslapping law\u201d will leave abuse victims even more at risk.
Why This Congressman Is Skipping The Inauguration And Marching With Women \If you care about a living wage, come join the women.\
200 Buses Have Applied For Inauguration Parking -- 1200 For The Women's March More than 180,000 people have said they will go to the march.
How To Attend Watch Us Run You\u2019re all invited.
Meet The Women Challenging What A Successful Athlete Looks Like Roller Derby is dominated by strong, diverse and empowered women.
19 Women On Why Repealing The ACA Could Hurt Women \Welp I'm glad I got a new 10-year IUD a couple of months ago...\
Kirsten Gillibrand The senator made her passionate plea to protect women's health care late Thursday night on the Senate floor.
Listen To This Sexual Assault Survivor's Powerful Testimony Against Jeff Sessions \We have no reason to put our faith or our trust in Senator Sessions.\
Barbie Isn't the Problem I grew up with more of them than I could count. They were doctors, airline pilots, babysitters, teachers, ballerinas, scientists
The Gender Gap In Computer Science Is Hurting U.S. Businesses The United States has a computing-skills crisis that is holding back American companies and economic growth. The solution
Univ. Of Utah, Planned Parenthood Help 3,000 Women Get Birth Control And they plan to help 4,000 more before March.
Cecile Richards Reminder from the Planned Parenthood president
Protesters Deliver Poster With Definition Of Sexual Assault To Trump\u2019s Attorney General Pick Jeff Sessions said it was \u201ca stretch\u201d to say that grabbing women\u2019s genitals without consent constituted sexual assault.
#DearBetsy Campaign Implores Donald Trump's Education Pick To Protect Campus Rape Rules It's unclear if billionaire conservative Betsy DeVos will target Title IX, but activists fighting campus sexual assault aren't waiting to find out.
Thousands Of Women Plan To Strike During Inauguration They've pledged to refrain from doing paid and unpaid labor.
Lola Kirke Wore A 'F**k Paul Ryan' Pin On The Golden Globes Red Carpet That's one way to accessorize...
Martin Shkreli Gets Suspended From Twitter After Cyber-Stalking Writer \u201cHe\u2019s an entitled creep and absolutely deserves to have his account suspended -- perhaps indefinitely.\
To My Friends Who Support Defunding Planned Parenthood Educate yourself.
Before the End of the Year... 
After Highs and Lows of 2016, Make 2017 a Better Year for Women & Girls 
NYPD No survivor deserves to be dismissed.
I\u2019m Going To The Women\u2019s March On Washington For My Daughters And Young Girls Everywhere More than 200,000 people are estimated to participate in the upcoming \u201cWomen\u2019s March on Washington\u201d on January 21, the day
Just Because My Body Looks Healthy Doesn\u2019t Mean My Eating Disorder Isn\u2019t Real \The truth is, eating disorders, like pretty much all mental illnesses, are notoriously difficult to diagnose.\
It's Time To End The 'Birth Control Causes Miscarriage' Myth Nope.
Fight The Patriarchy With This Lady-Brewed Beer Just in time for Trump's inauguration.
Anti-Abortion Governor Ironically Tweets About The Importance Of 'Choice' \ud83e\udd14 \ud83e\udd14 \ud83e\udd14
America Ferrera To Chair Committee For Women's March On Washington She'll help Gloria Steinem, among others, organize the march.
Swedish Nurse Becomes Fastest Woman Ever To Ski Solo To The South Pole She smashed the previous record by 10 hours.
Samantha Bee Tweets Amazing One-Liner About Her Abortion Coverage She keeps bringing it.
NYPD Captain Thinks Acquaintance Rapes Aren\u2019t As \u2018Troubling\u2019 As Stranger Rapes No no no. All rapes are \u201creal.\
Paul Ryan Is Underestimating Nasty Women It\u2019s not like we didn\u2019t see this coming with the change of the administration, Planned Parenthood threatening to be defunded
Tucker Carlson Taking Megyn Kelly's Job Is The Perfect Metaphor For These Times Fox settles for less.
More Americans Than Ever Oppose Overturning Roe v. Wade Leave. It. Alone.
The Scariest Abortion Restrictions To Watch For In 2017 How states are chipping away at reproductive rights\u2014right now.
What Joe Biden Has Meant To Me As A Survivor Of Sexual Violence Share your story with #ThankYouJoe and ask him to keep up the fight to end sexual violence
This Supermarket Will No Longer Charge Women More For Razors More of this, please!
'Humans Of New York' Photo Captures Beautiful Body Love Moment And the comments section is a delightful surprise \ud83d\udc95
Words That Help (And Words That Don\u2019t Help) A Grieving Daughter Even if you have the best intentions, there are some things you should never, ever say.
17 Things I\u2019m Giving Up For A Happier 2017 I\u2019m going to try to focus on making the present even better than the past.
The Dirty Little Secret About Breast Biopsies Trying to control my fear, I stand, half-naked, as my eyes dart about the darkened room and its unfamiliar instruments. Before
New Year, Same Me There is always room for a little self-improvement.
Coming Home 
27 Things To Give A S**t About In 2017 Words. Facts. Joy. Love. (Yes, they all still exist.)
Looking Back At the beginning of 2016, I took stock of 40+ years of talking about the childfree choice. As we near the end of this year, I'd like to do the same just for this past year, and this time widen the discussion a bit.  What positive trends have we seen this past year? Here are six.
Vesna Vulovic, Survivor Of Mid-Air Plane Explosion And 33,000-Foot Fall, Dies At Age 66 The Serbian flight attendant holds the Guinness record for highest fall survived without a parachute.
Congressman Wants To Throw Out Campus Rape Rule He Says Is Unfair To The 'Often-Innocent Accused' But research shows false allegations make up just a small fraction of sexual assault reports.
21 Moments In 2016 That Reminded Us To Love Our Bodies More Because body positivity is for everyone \ud83d\udc95
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant \u2015 but succinct \u2015 wisdom. Each week, HuffPost Women
Why 2016 Wasn\u2019t All Bad Momentum is with us.
Here's To The Ladies Who Cuss (Aren't They A Blast?) Today, I made an executive life decision \u2013 It\u2019s time for me to start cussing. Like a lot of women, I was trained to exist
To The Girl Who Thinks Perfectionism Equates To A Perfect Life Dear Richa, You are 14, and ambitious, and hopeful. You aspire to get your poetry published one day, to write for your school\u2019s
Ariana Grande Sums Up The Problem With Slut-Shaming In 4 Spot-On Tweets Go off, girl.
Gloria Steinem\u2019s Partnership With The Women\u2019s March Is A Match Made In Feminist Heaven Singer and activist Harry Belafonte will also co-chair the rally in Washington.
Why Getting Older Is Hard To Do When You Are Older If Princesses can find their way back from a galaxy far, far away\u200a \u2014 \u200aso can I.
Carrie Fisher Would Probably Hate This Stop me if you\u2019ve heard this one before. I almost killed myself six months ago. Obviously, I didn\u2019t. I thought of how mad
To Honor Vera Rubin's Life, Learn About 14 Groundbreaking Women Scientists The astronomer died this week.
Simone Biles Shuts Down Body-Shamers In One Perfect Tweet Ain't nobody got time for that \ud83d\ude4c
Where Do We Go From Here? On Carrie Fisher's Death The death of Carrie Fisher is one that saddens many different and often separated demographics. These include avid Star Wars
After Highs And Lows Of 2016, Make 2017 A Better Year For Women And Girls We don\u2019t yet know everything 2017 will bring, but as we revisit the major events and cultural moments of the past year, it
Relationship Advice From Your Favorite \u201990s Throwback Songs The \u201890s were full of boy bands, huge hair and acid wash jeans\u2014what\u2019s not to love?
If Donald Trump Can Skip Intelligence Briefings, Why Can't I Skip School? Why is a 15-year-old being held to higher standards than the president-elect of the United States?
10 Resolutions Every Woman Should Make In 2017 \Let\u2019s find a sense of empathy and compassion that seems to be lost. \
Rockette Says Inauguration Performance Is 'An Issue Of Racism And Sexism\u2019 \u201cThis is not a Republican or Democrat issue,\ she said of performing for Trump. \This is a women\u2019s rights issue.\
13 Beautifully Honest Carrie Fisher Quotes Every Woman Can Learn From May the force forever be with her.
Mike Pence's New Neighborhood Gets Plastered With 'Trust Women' Signs The NARAL signs read
A Brief History Of The Anxieties Of Being Female Today I had reason to think being called cute might get me raped or murdered. \u201cYou\u2019re cute,\u201d the driver told me. My \u201ccuteness
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant \u2015 but succinct \u2015 wisdom. Each week, HuffPost Women
A 'Massive Fleet' Of Buses Now Taking New Yorkers To The Women's March Organizers want everyone to be able to attend.
The Best Gift You Can Give A Woman This Holiday Season? Her Reproductive Rights She'll say \I-U-DO!\
Women\u2019s Definitive Guide To Getting Political At the Center for American Women and Politics (CAWP), we have been getting a lot of inquiries about how to get politically
25 Inspirational Quotes from Badass Women in 2016 2016 has most definitely been the start (or restart) of a movement for women. From politics to comedy to writers to actors
11 Women Who Dominated In 2016 We have a lot to be proud of this year.
Lena Dunham Apologizes For 'Distasteful' Abortion Remark \My words were spoken from a sort of 'delusional girl' persona.\
This Video Nails The Messed Up Way Anti-Abortion Legislation Gets Pushed Meet the (very real) woman behind the Texas fetal burial law.
Eleven Strategies To Mobilize For Women\u2019s Rights In A Trump Era The silver lining from the election of Trump is the increased energy and engagement of women as activists and donors. In
The Bold Way Tegan And Sara Are Supporting LGTBQ Women And Girls Love it.
5 Reasons 2016 Was A Great Year For Women. No, Really. Sadly, for many women I\u2019ve spoken to, it feels like the lesson of 2016 is that the glass ceiling is lower than we all thought
This Parody Perfectly Explains How Lovely It Was To Be A Woman In 2016 Hint
10 Ways Every Woman Can Be More Politically Active in 2017 The spirit of activism had been awoken in all of us.
How I Outran Misogyny \I have started running to retrain the way my brain sees my body, not as a sexual object but as a tool to get things done.\
Nurx App Is Giving Away Free Birth Control In Donald Trump's Name \u201cWomen should be able to access birth control on their own terms.\u201d
Confessions Of A Funded Female Founder Why women don't tend to scale or fundraise at the same rate as men.
Confessions Of A Funded Female Founder -- Part 2 This is the second part of a two-part series. You can read the first part HERE. I\u2019ve noticed tendencies in female founders
Why I March Looking ahead to the Women\u2019s March On Washington
Young Moms Know Best 
Winning The Race To The Digital Economy By Cracking The Code On The Gender Gap The facts are startling. The chasm between the number of job openings in today\u2019s digital economy and the number of skilled
Judge Temporarily Blocks Texas' Controversial 'Fetal Burial' Rule It has been stopped\u2014for now.
5 Simple Ways To Fight The Patriarchy From Your Phone \ud83d\udc4a\ud83d\udca5
Princeton Swim Team Suspended For 'Misogynistic And Racist' Emails \The behavior that we have learned about is simply unacceptable,\ the school's athletic director said.
Hillary Clinton And Simone Biles Are The Most Popular Women Of 2016, According To Google Bow down.
The Civil War Raging Inside My Body This\u00a0piece\u00a0by\u00a0Andrea Fitzgerald\u00a0originally appeared on\u00a0The Establishment, a new multimedia site funded and run by women. Content
Men\u2019s-Rights Activists Are Finding A New Home With The Alt-Right \The men\u2019s-rights movement represents a streak of misogyny that Trump\u2019s candidacy helped bring to the forefront.\
Abortions Don't Harm Women's Mental Health. Being Denied Them Does. It's time to end the big lie that abortions make women depressed.
Daughter, I Failed You Today Daughter, I failed today. I\u2019ve been a hypocrite. You may only be 3, but I work everyday to teach you that your body is your
Samantha Bee Lambasts Ohio's Anti-Abortion 'Fetal Heartbeat' Bill \At six weeks, most women won\u2019t even know they're pregnant...\
Carly Fiorina's Ability To Overlook Donald Trump\u2019s Sexism Is Pretty Normal, Actually It\u2019s how women have gotten along at work for forever.
Why Are We So Surprised That Young Women Care About Politics? The response to Teen Vogue\u2019s op-ed is exactly why we need to talk about politics and young women.
Trump's Comments About Assault Are A Symptom of A Much Larger Issue My thighs stick to the red vinyl upholstery of the booth as I fan myself with a paper menu. It\u2019s the middle of August and
Yes, The Women's March Is Still On \u2014 And It Has A Starting Location Organizers just released more details.
Why The \Heartbeat Bill\ Is Truly Heartless I\u2019m going to be honest \u2013 I\u2019ve had a hard time writing since the election. Every day, I turn on the news and learn something
Co-Sponsor Of Heartbeat Bill 'Never Even Thought About' Why Women Get Abortions Honest and terrifying.
Gloria Steinem Warns That Donald Trump & State Laws Will Endanger Women's Rights \u201cThe overall political lesson is that we need to pay as much attention to our state legislatures as we do to Washington,\u201d she said.
You Can Now Order Plan B On Seamless If you live in Manhattan, that is.
Don't Be This Guy Who Asked His Job Interviewer Out On A Date Nope, nope and more nope.
Kesha Tears Up During Moving Speech About Showing Up For Yourself \Do not let anyone else take your happiness.\u201d
Here's What's At Stake For Women If Trump Repeals Obamacare Remember \gender ratings\?
Here's The Awesome Thing You Can Do With Your Election Day Pantsuit There's still work to do.
'Women Of This World Are Constantly Fighting Against A Hatred That Men Do Not See' Washington Post reporter Chris Richards compares what he and his wife, also a journalist, find in their inboxes.
Dress Codes Blame The Victim Dress codes can be a form of victim blaming. What is the intent of a dress code? If the intent of a dress code is to \u201cprotect
Single Bells, Single Bells, Single All The Way Okay, so if there is one time of year when you truly realize how single you are, it is most definitely this one. Holiday
Wieners Rush Red Carpet To Protest Australia's 'Sausage Fest' Film Awards \Gender roles not sausage rolls!\
Pro Golfer Gets Emotional When Asked About Online Harassment \u201cThe fact that I\u2019m here and I\u2019m sharing my story, it hopefully can save someone\u2019s life.\
Trump And The Comedy Of Sexual Assault In the month since Trump\u2019s election, I have heard friends and acquaintances wonder how so many Americans could have voted
Read The Heart-Wrenching Letter One Woman Wrote To Her Rapist \I will be forever grateful to the 11 men and one woman that unequivocally found you guilty.\
Father Of Student Arrested For Sexual Assault Says 'Lots Of Girls' Want His Son \u201cI was there, and I know what actually happened,\ the alleged victim said.
Groping -- Women In A Trump Administration Given the history of a litany of dangerous statements about women by President-elect Donald Trump and his coterie, there
North Carolina Abortion Providers Fight For Ground Amid Growing Hostility One women's health center in Charlotte is seeing a sharp increase in anti-abortion protesters.
Megyn Kelly Says Melania Trump Has Experienced 'Staunch Sexism' Kelly was originally misquoted in an interview, which led to much confusion online.
Largest Ever All-Female Expedition Sets Sail For Antarctica \u201cMother Nature needs her daughters.\u201d
5 Things I Would Tell My 20-Year-Old Self With my 30th birthday next month, I have been reflecting often on the past ten years and all of the experiences I have had
Illinois Will Teach Hairdressers To Recognize Victims Of Domestic Violence All licensed beauty professionals will learn to spot signs of abuse.
10 Signs You Attended An All-Girls Catholic High School I always get shocked looks and prying questions when someone finds out that I attended an all-girls Catholic high school
Flexible Hours Shouldn\u2019t Be A Salary Tradeoff, Or A Woman\u2019s Burden Some people think I\u2019m entitled, maybe even naive or childish, when it comes to my views on the workplace. Let me elaborate
TV\u2019s White Women Antiheroes Are Promising -- And Problematic This\u00a0piece\u00a0by\u00a0Tallyn Owens\u00a0originally appeared on\u00a0The Establishment, a new multimedia site funded and run by women. One of
Felicity Jones On Why We Need To Keep Talking About Pay Equality \u201cI want to be paid fairly for the work that I\u2019m doing.\
Moroccan TV Airs Beauty Tutorial On How To Hide Domestic Violence Bruises Just WTF.
Am I The Only Woman Who Doesn't Watch 'Gilmore Girls?' \I simply could not care less.\
The Power of your words Be careful with your words, for once they are said, they cannot be undone.
A Feminist At 40 It takes awhile. It's not clear at first, just how the world works.
The Magic Of Being Alone And Why It Doesn't Have To Be Lonely There's a difference between being alone and being lonely. Being alone means there's no significant other to wake up next to, to call when we get good news, or to kiss goodnight after a long day. Being lonely means living perpetually in a world not being able to escape ourselves and craving anything but our own company.
2016's Biggest Victories And Failures In The Effort To Eliminate Violence Against Women From historic convictions to impunity for gang rapes, 2016 has been a year of highs and lows when it comes to efforts to stem violence against women.
Powerful Portrait Series Asks Young Women 'Where Do We Go From Here?' Here\u2019s what Hillary Clinton\u2019s supporters took away from her election loss.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant \u2015 but succinct \u2015 wisdom. Each week, HuffPost Women
A Post-Election Message Of Thanksgiving From Republican Women For Hillary And why we are thankful for Donald Trump
Trump Is Our President-elect Trump\u2019s platform is fear-inducing, especially for those with non-dominant identities in this country (for example, people
Hillary Clinton Spotted Buying Books In Peaceful Alternate Universe And she made this bookshop employee\u2019s day.
The Daily Mail Is Very Worried About Hillary Clinton\u2019s Hair And Makeup She lost the presidency, but more importantly, her glam squad.
The First Post-Election Threats To Abortion Access Are Already Here The proposed bills give a terrifying taste of what\u2019s to come.
As A Disabled Woman, I Am Terrified By A Trump Presidency This piece by Robyn Powell originally appeared on The Establishment, a new multimedia site funded and run by women. Last
My Skin Color Is A 'F**king Disease' In Trump's America After I rejected a guy who hit on me, he tried to hit me where it really hurt.
I\u2019m A Jewish Queer Woman And I Already See The Impact Of Bannon\u2019s Hate We've seen this before.
This Tweet Pushed Merriam-Webster To Change Their Messed Up Entry On 'Femininity' Femininity isn't a liability.
A Beginner's Guide To Moving Forward In Spite Of Election Grief On turning mourning into action.
Lady Gaga Women know how to survive.
With A Trump Presidency Looming, OB-GYNs Say Women Are Scared So it begins.
A Male Trump Supporter Punched A Woman Eating Dinner In The Face The strangers allegedly argued about the election. Then he hit her.
Dear 'Brogressives' \u2014 Please Let Women Mourn Hillary Clinton You are being sexist. Plain and simple.
Donald Trump's Top White House Adviser Is Also An Accused Domestic Abuser A timely reminder that Stephen Bannon was once accused of grabbing his wife by the neck.
How To Support Survivors of Sexual Assault-Sexual Assault Awareness Month Instead of being admired, sexual assault survivors are all too frequently shunned
You Could Have Been My World I'm not the one to usually fall for guys. I'm not the girl that can easily go from relationship to relationship. Or settle
I'll Tell Them I hope I can tell them we fought like hell, and we won the good fight.
White Women White women who voted for Trump are getting a lot of attention. White women who did not vote for Trump are asking for a lot
Are You Perpetuating The Glass Ceiling If you don\u2019t embrace your passions, you are perpetuating the glass ceiling. While the term is usually used in relation to
I'm 13, And I'm Sending Nudes Don\u2019t make your pre-teen/teen years about somebody else.
The Picture I'd Planned To Share Some years from now, I look forward to taking another photo of my daughters.
This Display Of Bravery And Skill Is What Female Surfers Have Been Fighting For Twelve women competed in the World Surf League's first big-wave surfing contest.
Lena Dunham Has A Powerful Post-Election Message For Those Calling For \u2018Understanding' The avid Clinton supporter wrote a powerful essay following Trump\u2019s win.
J.K. Rowling Nails Why Young Women Shouldn't Give Up After Hillary Clinton's Defeat \Hang on in there girls.\
Gloria Allred Reminds Us That Our President-Elect Is Accused Of Sexual Assault She called for Donald Trump to retract his lie that women are liars.
\Trump\ Propaganda & How It Discourses Feminism At the risk of sounding redundant, we\u2019re all very aware of the gender inequality that has pervaded the ongoing biases and
Why Females Will Eventually Run The World We don\u2019t shatter glass ceilings; we beat them over and over again with a tiny, resilient hammer until one day they crack.
Okay, Fine. Here's What You Should Do Post-Election. Buy Plan B regardless of whether or not you have a body that can get pregnant. It's over the counter. Anyone can buy it.
This Is What 8 Women Wish They Could Tell Hillary Clinton Today \Tomorrow will be better -- we will make sure of that. \
Reproductive Rights Groups Vow To Fight Donald Trump's Anti-Choice Policies \These doors stay open,\ Planned Parenthood declared.
'Dedicate Your Vote To A Woman' Tweets Show Just How Far We\u2019ve Come Here's to all the women who made this historic election possible.
A Message To Women Who Can Vote Today, From Girls Who Can't These middle school girls will remind you how special it is to be able to vote in this election.
For Many Women, Voting For A Female President Was Emotional As Hell There were tears and feelings of relief.
To My Newborn Goddaughter On A Historic Election Day Today, and every day, #ImWithHer
Maggie Rizer Announces Split From Trump Models In Poignant Post Boy, bye \ud83d\udc4b \ud83d\udc4b \ud83d\udc4b
Here's Why Clinton Supporters Are Wearing White To The Polls In case you can't find a pantsuit in time.
Can You Hear That? It's The Sound Of Women's History Being Made. We are living through a seminal moment in American history.
Born Before Women Could Vote, Now She's Voting For A Woman President Edith Wilkinson was born 5 days before the 19th Amendment was ratified.
A Conversation with Mini Timmaraju, National Women's Vote Director of Hillary for America No matter where you stand on the political spectrum or the outcome of the election on Tuesday, there\u2019s no denying that this
A Reminder That The Fate Of This Election Could Be Determined By Women See you at the polls. \ud83d\udc4b \ud83d\udc4b \ud83d\udc4b
Meet The Woman Who Calls Mike Pence Every Day To Talk About Her Period \Sue Magina\ has been revealed!
Samantha Bee On The \u2018Tsunami Of Misogyny\u2019 That Will Follow A Woman President \u201cIt\u2019s going to be horrible.\
Exclamation Marks Are Feminist As F**k Women who use the punctuation mark challenge the sexist notion that \u201cfemale\u201d qualities are antithetical to good leadership.
Nikki Reed To Donald Trump The actress speaks out in a new pro-Clinton video.
Woke President Tony Goldwyn Has A Message For 'Broskies' Before The Election \I am such a nasty woman. And one day, you can be one too.\
Smart Poster Campaign Is Giving Women A Safe Way To Get Out Of A Date Just ask for \Angela.\
Mila Kunis Is 'Done Compromising' Because Of Workplace Sexism Round of applause \ud83d\udc4f
20 Influential Women On What This Historic Election Means To Them \We are truly stronger together.\u201d
Scientific Proof That Support For Trump Is Driven By Anger At Women This is NOT an October surprise.
Watch Grace Jones School A Sexist Reporter In 1985 The '80s icon refused to have her \masculinity\ mansplained.
Scared of Dying 
Why I Choose To Live A Non-Instagramable Life Just as the flash goes off and the moment is captured -- it is gone. It is not real.
Why Career Success Isn't About Working Harder 
Reflections On Wednesday Night's SVU, The Stanford Case, And My Own Pursuit Of Justice After Sexual Abuse We cannot undo what has been done to us and to one in three women in this country, but we can change it for future generations.
Stephen Colbert Reminds Men Everywhere That Assault Is Not Sex Are you listening, Newt Gingrich?
If Young Boys Spoke To Women Like Donald Trump Does \Such a nasty woman.\ \ud83d\ude14
Trevor Noah Points Out The Problem With Newt Gingrich\u2019s Megyn Kelly Outburst Nailed it.
Beyonc\u00e9-Bashing Trump Surrogate Calls Sexual Assault Allegations 'Man-Shaming' Middle fingers up.
These Women Born Before Suffrage Will Finally Vote For A Female President It only took 96 years.
Female Politicians Consistently Face Violence, Rape Threats A depressing new survey says women leaders everywhere face it.
Amber Tamblyn On The Power Of Seeing Women As Human \u201cPowerful women don\u2019t get to exist outside of context.\
Pro Tennis Player Cuts Hair During Match Because Winning Is Everything Watch Svetlana Kuznetsova become your new hero \u2702\ufe0f
Two Women Tried The 'Weed Tampon' So You Don't Have To \We're gonna put marijuana inside our lady parts.\
How 'Fleabag' Nails Its Refreshingly Frank Portrayal Of Womanhood Actress Phoebe Waller-Bridge hopes her show will change the way society views \flawed\ women.
\u2018Good Girls Revolt\u2019 Is A Show About 1969 That Will Ring True For Women In 2016 As star Joy Bryant says
Samantha Bee Skewers Catholic Hospitals For Putting Women In Danger \How can our suffering and danger mean so little to you?\
Why Hillary Clinton Supporters Stormed The Brooklyn Bridge In Pantsuits Welcome to #NationalPantsuitDay. \ud83d\udc5a\ud83d\udc56\u2728
Billionaire Trump Supporter Wrote That Women Cry Rape Due To \u2018Belated Regret\u2019 (UPDATE) In his 1998 book, Peter Thiel attacked the \rape crisis movement.\
Why Is It So Darn Hard For Women To Lose That Baby Weight? Okay. Confession
Love Your Former Self, Even If She Doesn't Make It Easy We live in a culture obsessed with minimizing regret. Platitudes like \u201clove like you\u2019ve never been hurt\u201d and \u201clive with no
Term And Partial Birth Abortions Here's what data -- and logic -- tell us about late-term abortions.
The Woman Who Helped Prove Females Aren't Too Fragile to Run Competitively 
Overdosing on Rape Culture 
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant \u2015 but succinct \u2015 wisdom. Each week, HuffPost Women
Dating App Donated $1 To Planned Parenthood For Every Instagram Like On This Photo Bumble raised over $28K for the women's health clinic.
Gretchen Carlson Isn't Done Fighting Against Sexual Harassment \u201cI\u2019ve been for women\u2019s empowerment my entire life.\
How To Preserve The Male Ego And Prevent World Destruction #MasculinitySoFragile, you\u2019ve gotta poke fun at it.
Donald Trump, Here's What It's Really Like To Get A Late-Term Abortion Two women share their stories.
27 Powerful Images Of Women Protesting Against Femicide In Latin America \u201cThe one death that we want is that of patriarchy.\u201d
Trump Once Pitched A Show Called 'Donald Trump Presents The Most Beautiful Women In The World' No one wanted it in 1993 and no one wants it now.
A Quick Reminder That Sexual Assault Is Not About Lust -- It's About Power And Control Listen up, Trump.
Donald Trump's 'Stand By Your Man' Double Standard Trump condemns Hillary Clinton for the same behavior he praises Melania for.
Watch Women Explain Why Trump\u2019s Comments Are More Than 'Just Words' \It happens every day.\
All The Perks Of Accusing A Man Like Donald Trump Of Sexual Assault A lifetime supply of insults on Twitter -- and so much more.
Trump Is Deeply Sexist, But Misogyny Is Not A 'Republican Issue' Donald Trump\u2019s misogyny has reached heights rivalled only by his eponymous tower.\u00a0The now-infamous \u201cGrab \u2019em by the p\u2014y\u201d tape
Stop Calling Me A Survivor That\u2019s a word that singles people out as victims. Do we all have to be victims now? Please say 'no.'
Is Feminism in danger from unconscious prejudice in politics? In the wake of disturbing remarks about women from two prominent men in politics in recent weeks, it is more important than
The Life-Changing Magic Of Losing All Your Stuff In A Fire A year ago, my apartment burned down. Here's what I've gained since.
10 Rules For A Successful Second Marriage By Terry Gaspard MSW, LICSW While many couples see remarriage as a second chance at happiness, the statistics tell a different
The Simple Reason This Trump Accuser Decided To Come Forward Summer Zervos just wants to be able to sleep at night.
Stalking Is A Huge Issue -- Just Ask Kendall Jenner And 19 Million Other American Women \u201cIt\u2019s not harmless, it\u2019s not cute, and it\u2019s not a joke.\u201d
On Its 100th Anniversary, A Reminder Of Why Planned Parenthood Is So Vital Fighting the good fight. \ud83d\udc97 \ud83d\udcaa
Zero Women Win Nobel Prize During Sadly Anti-Woman Week The internet took notice.
Women Don\u2019t Need Legislators To Make Abortion Decisions For Them, Study Confirms Duh.
The #WomenStopTrumpParty Is The Hashtag We Desperately Needed Celebrating Trump's demise one feminist meme at a time.
A Pharmacy Advertised A \u2018Man Tax\u2019 And Men\u2019s Rights Activists Lost It Take a deep breath, guys.
What You Learn When You Help Register Voters On A State's Deadline Day It's actually pretty easy to let it slip through the cracks.
Woman\u2019s Mastectomy Tattoo Shows 'Cancer Doesn\u2019t Always Leave The Last Mark' Sue is a straight up badass \ud83d\udcaa
25 Times Liz Lemon Reminded Women It's OK To Do Your Own Thing Her idiosyncrasies and imperfections made her so damn relatable.
Anita Hill Wants To Talk More About Victims And Less About Trump \u201cMissing from the conversation... was concern about the victims of sexual violence.\u201d
20 Halloween Costumes That Make Us Want To Ban Men Please don't turn yourself into a terrible sex joke.
This Republican Woman Has Some Words For GOP'ers Still Supporting Trump And she has voted Republican since the day she legally could.
Trump's 'Locker Room' Defense Is The Excuse You\u2019d Expect From A Child A presidential candidate should know better.
This Election Isn\u2019t About Politics. It\u2019s About How America Sees Women. Trump's words are not just locker room banter.
Trump Won\u2019t 'Make America Safe Again' By Dodging Questions About Sexual Assault Brushing off misogynistic comments as \u201clocker room banter\u201d is peak rape culture.
Martha Raddatz Was The MVP Of That Horrifying Debate Ninety minutes of pure badassery.
Presidents, P*ssy And Rape Culture \u2013 We\u2019ve Got A Big Problem It takes all of us to change this.
I've Experienced Trump's 'Locker Room' The moment that a woman is put into this type of situation is the moment that our society has failed us.
Outrage Over The Trump Tape Is More Dangerous And Repugnant To Me Than His Galling Misogyny Apparently, Donald Trump finally went too far for his own party\u2019s leadership. The release of a 2005 tape in which he describes
You Don\u2019t Need A Daughter To Know Trump Bragging About Sexual Assault Is Vile Humans don't deserve to be assaulted. The end.
Women Share Stories Of Sexual Assault To Show Trump What Rape Culture Looks Like \u201cIt\u2019s funny because every woman you know has been grabbed in the p***y by a stranger.\u201d
'Portlandia' Debuts New MRA Anthem, Because Life Is Hard For White Dudes \My safe space is Reddit.\
New Ani DiFranco Song Is A Battle Cry For Reproductive Freedom \u201cAs a society, it is time to acknowledge that unless a woman is in control of her own reproduction, she is not free.\
Ava DuVernay Hulk smash the Hollywood patriarchy.
In Defense Of Helga Pataki Helga Pataki
The 'Golden Girls\u2019 Action Figures You Never Knew You Needed Are Here Thank you for being a (toy) friend.
Smart Girls Will Relate To Hillary Clinton's Failed Bid For High School Class President \He got to be president, but I had to do most of the work.\
Computer Science Professor Shuts Down Mansplainer Like A Boss Ain't nobody got time for patronizing men \ud83d\udc4f
23 Moving Photos Of Women Demanding Reproductive Rights In Poland Women get it done \u270a
Sheryl Sandberg Posts Emotional Tribute To Late Husband On His Birthday \We will always celebrate the day of your birth.\
Incoming Missouri State Rep Just Accused Her Future Colleague Of Rape \u201cI felt a moral responsibility to speak out,\u201d Cora Faith Walker said.
Boys Will Be Boys The boy was crumpled up in a ball, his body half burrowed into the crevice where the wall of the school building met the
The Sucker Punch I never knew so many experienced this loss, until it happened to me.
Brands That Are Reversing The Negativity About Women Amidst all this election trash talk, I thought I\u2019d try to balance out the tons of negativity with a little bit of positivity
15 Things I Wish I'd Known At 15 \Go after your wildest dreams.\
Our Favorite Products from BeautyCon NYC 2016 
Please Stop Asking Me Why I'm Single It's really not a compliment.
Why It's Hard To Be A Woman I\u2019m sick of acting like I\u2019m not a human who passes gas.
Clueless Op-Ed On Sexism Reveals Businessman's Own Gender Bias The writer has apologized for his \dreadful article\ that appeared in The Wall Street Journal.
One Woman\u2019s Story Shows Why Government Funding For Abortion Care Matters 40 years after the Hyde Amendment was passed, it\u2019s time to overturn it.
Please Someone Make Donald Trump Stop Talking About Women Trump's misogyny seems to be his greatest consistency. We're exhausted.
Bollywood Actress Debunks The 'Dangerous Myth' Of Flawlessness \Please know that nobody wakes up like this. Not me. Not any other actress.\
Princeton Club Is Forcing Partygoers To Read About Consent Charter is doing it right.
Emily Blunt Doesn\u2019t Care If Her 'Girl On The Train' Character Isn\u2019t 'Likable' \Women are held to what a man considers a feminine ideal.\
Powerful Ad Shows What Girls Hear When You Tell Them To Be Quiet Instead of calling her bossy, tell her she\u2019s a leader.
Watch Hillary Clinton's Best Takedowns At The First Presidential Debate \u201cWell Donald I know you live in your own reality.\u201d
Clinton Campaign Produces Further Proof Of Trump's Damaging Treatment Of Women Devastating.
Donald Trump Couldn't Stop Interrupting Hillary Clinton On Debate Night This is what \manterrupting\ looks like.
One Tweet Sums Up The Absurd Double Standard Clinton And Trump Face Clinton needs to be charming to appear presidential. Trump just has to act like a grown-up.
Women's Bodies, Hair, and Clothing With the popularization of social media and other outlets of discourse beyond the academic and the news desk, the discussion
A Good News Story About 'Imperfect' Pregnancy Those little flutters in a pregnant woman's stomach aren't always just the baby kicking. They're also a mocktail of excitement, joy and plenty of nervous energy. Have you felt them before?
What Having A Bad Day In New York City Is Like With the skyline in front of me, I remembered
How a Sanitary Pad Project in India Benefits Both Girls' Education and the Environment 
What Will Happen To My Baby When I Die? This fear may seem overly dramatic. I am 38 years old. I'm not overweight. I'm not a smoker. I don't drink excessively or eat poorly. I run three to four times a week. Looking at me, you'd assume I'm quite healthy. And you'd be correct. Sort of.
Geniuses Made A Must-Watch \u2018Formation\u2019 Parody About Anti-Abortion Laws \Lawmakers corny with that anti-abortion mess.\
Meet The First Hijabi Woman To Grace The Cover Of A U.S. Fitness Mag \ud83c\udfc5\ud83c\udfc5\ud83c\udfc5
Emma Watson And HeForShe Commit To Ending Sexual Assault On College Campuses The initiative is part of a larger campaign to close the gender gap in academia.
Listen To Justin Trudeau Passionately Make The Case For Gender Equality \We know if kids grow up in a more equal world, it is a better world.\u201d
Amy Schumer And Blake Lively Are Calling Out These Sexist Magazine Covers Girls' Life and Boys' Life accidentally started a very important conversation.
37 Perfect Tweets From Women About The 2016 Emmys \Would pay money to watch Coach and Jon Snow make out.\
H&M's Feminist Ad Completely Destroys What It Means To Be A 'Lady' The video is a badass commentary on what it means to be a woman today.
Amy Schumer Talked About Her Tampon On The Emmys Red Carpet o.b. tampons for the red carpet win.
The Trivialization of Rape in American Culture I\u2019m a trauma therapist. More and more I am starting to gravitate into treating individuals who have survived sexual assault
If We Talked To Young Girls The Way We Talk To Ourselves YouTube star Rachel Levin has an important body-positive message.
People Who Don't Marry Deserve Big Parties Too Exchanging vows shouldn\u2019t be the only occasion that merits a blowout that friends and family will spend hundreds of dollars to attend.
Wyoming Legislator Says The Pay Gap Is Simply 'A Fact Of Life' I can't \ud83d\ude11
The Powerful Reason This Woman Forgave Her Sexual Abuser \Because not forgiving you means hating you, means hating myself.\
I Don\u2019t Fight Because I\u2019m Violent -- I Fight Because The World Is \Violence was already a presence in my life, whether I wanted it there or not.\
Cooking Blind We humans are much more resilient than we think.
Ever Wonder Where 'Matilda' Is Now? Let Her Tell You. Mara Wilson explains what it's like to be a part of so many strangers' childhoods.
Anita Sarkeesian Is Giving History's Overlooked Women The Attention They Deserve It\u2019s about damn time.
Dear GOP, Stop Making Trans Bathroom Laws About Sexual Assault Prevention Transphobia \u2260 supporting sexual assault survivors.
UNC Student Accuses College Of Protecting Football Player Who Allegedly Raped Her The accusations are the latest in a recent spate of troubling stories about colleges' mishandling of sexual assault.
She Was Shot And Survived. Now She Has To Relive The Worst Night Of Her Life. \u201cKnowing I have to see him is making me panic,\u201d Kate Ranta wrote of facing her ex-husband again.
How To Be Good Enough Learning how to believe I\u2019m good enough still feels like walking on a tightrope. \u00a0Each step is calculated and timid. Fearing
101 Things To Do Before Your Daughter Starts Her Period Tween girls will need the help of their moms to travel through the stage of puberty.
Through Her Daughter's Eyes This is a tribute to all immigrant mothers, grandmothers, and future mothers \u2013 honoring your bravery and sacrifice. You don\u2019t
Watch What Happens When High School Boys Are Treated Like Women In Congress Spoiler alert
Hillary Clinton Exposed The Emotional Tightrope Women Constantly Walk Here\u2019s why her Humans Of New York interview resonated so deeply.
Every Person Behind This Music Festival Is A Woman. Here's Why That Matters. At TogetherFest, everyone from the artists to the sound engineers will be women.
Watch These Actresses Rally Women To Stop Donald Trump Listen to Zoe Kravitz, Amber Tamblyn, Diane Guerrero and Maura Tierney, y\u2019all.
How One Yoga Teacher Made Peace With Feeling Fat By Erinbell Fanore It is not my body that is heavy, but my relationship to it. As a yoga teacher, I am embarrassed to confess
11 Spot-On Responses To The RNC Chairman Telling Hillary Clinton To Smile You, sir, just got burned \ud83d\ude02
A Little Boy Was Murdered, But This Columnist Decided The REAL Story Was Pants Stop. Policing. Women's. Clothing.
We Don't Have To Valorize -- Or Demonize -- Phyllis Schlafly Let her legacy speak for itself.
Ivanka Trump Says Her Dad Can't Be Sexist Because He Hired Her A whole 'lotta nope \ud83d\ude11
Enough of Lena Dunham's \Marketplace Feminism\ Lena Dunham is the quintessential \u201cmarketplace feminist.\u201d
Almost Widowed My groom was handsome. I loved him more than bacon. He was the college boyfriend, after my high school dream boyfriend left. Looking back, we were just too f*cking young to get married. But we held love in buckets. Our life would be a beautiful dream.
Brock Turner Released From Jail The convicted sexual offender spent only three months in jail for \good behavior.\
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant \u2015 but succinct \u2015 wisdom. Each week, HuffPost Women
The Absurdity Of The Burkini Ban In One Perfect Metaphor Instead of worrying about women in burqas, maybe we should worry about men in suits.
Trump Campaign CEO Once Called The Women\u2019s Liberation Movement \u2018A Bunch Of Dykes\u2019 Steve Bannon is a terrifying, misogynist nightmare.
Why Female Comedians Have A Secret World Of Facebook Groups To deal with everything from harassment and sexism to career advice, female comics have found a solution through private forums on Facebook.
Trump's Campaign Manager Thinks 'Rape Would Not Exist' If Women Were As Strong As Men Wrong.
Don't Use Alicia Keys' Bare Face To Shame Women Who Wear Makeup It's just another example of how society polices women's bodies.
Blac Chyna Has No Time For Slut-Shaming Double Standards \So what if I was a stripper?\
Chelsea Handler Doesn't Care If Men Are Intimidated By Her And neither should you.
Do Millennials Have A Bro Problem? Do significant obstacles still make it harder for women to get ahead than men?
What 'You Have Such A Pretty Face' Really Means It means
Men Are Not Attentive To Girls Who Wear Glasses Exploring the stereotypes of the women behind spectacles
Equal Doesn't Mean Equal Yet This is where I came into the women's movement. And this is where I intend to go out--knowing that my life's mission to advance women to full equality in this world is safe because the women of America have the Equal Rights amendment.
On Turning 30 I wasn't sure if I was supposed to care, or if it mattered. Billions of people turn 30 daily, and 30 is... 30. I had such trepidation about turning 29, and what that meant, and now this birthday has sort of been an afterthought.
Let's Call The Conspiracy Theories About Hillary's Health What They Are We get it, she's a lady.
Hockey Player Dodges Sexual Assault Charge Because Victims Had \u2018Gigantic Breasts\u2019 But tell us more how rape culture isn't real.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant \u2015 but succinct \u2015 wisdom. Each week, HuffPost Women
J.K. Rowling Calls BS On The Burkini Ban, Twitter Applauds The author pointed out the way the ban polices women\u2019s bodies.
On 'Bachelor In Paradise,' Ashley Is All Of Us, But So Are Jared And Caila We feel the pain of the resident broken heart of 'Bachelor in Paradise,' but we should also feel the pain she's causing.
Simone Biles, Serena Williams And More Look Fierce AF In New Nike Ad Do not mess with these Olympians \ud83d\udcaa
The Pay Gap Gets A Hilarious Musical Twist In 'My Unfairly Paid Lady' It's the feminist musical parody we never knew we needed.
Hillary Clinton To Women She wrote a poignant essay about the fight for -- and her personal stake in -- women\u2019s equality.
Two Women Live-Tweeted Their Abortion Journey From Ireland To The U.K. The procedure has been banned in Ireland since 1983.
Egypt Orders 8 Female TV Anchors To Lose Weight The state-run broadcaster said the women can return to the air with \appropriate appearance.\
7 Lessons I've Learned In My First Year Of Recovery From Anorexia \Your mind working against you is an excruciatingly powerful experience to overcome.\
Sleepless In Suburbia Sometime during the Obama Administration, I stopped sleeping.
You'll Be Perfect (Starting Tomorrow) Love is solution-oriented. It finds a way to make things work. Self-deprecation is rarely fuel for solutions.
If Medals Were Given For Sexist Olympic Coverage, These Guys Would Win Congratulations, bros.
Amy Schumer Wants Us All To Focus On Preventing Sexual Assault She wants to talk less about Kurt Metzger, and more about rape culture.
Comment Sections Are Cesspools Of Rape Culture, Research Finds In news articles about sexual assault, 1 in 4 comments blame the victim.
People Are Upset About A Commentator's Remarks About This Olympic Couple \He\u2019s looking at her wondering what\u2019s for tea!\u201d
'Inside Amy Schumer' Writer Goes On Lengthy, Victim-Blaming Rant \u201cI am so saddened and disappointed,\ tweeted Schumer.
For All The Women Who Have Been Told They Need To Gain Weight \Acceptance cannot be forced.\
Think Planned Parenthood Only Offers Abortion Services? Think Again. FYI.
If Women Said What They Were Actually Thinking At The Gyno \I'm really anxious for you to look inside my vagina today.\
The Body-Positive Message Behind This Shot Putter's Olympic Gold Medal \The world is realizing we were promoting one body type and there have always been many.\u201d
Sexism At The Olympics There has been a lot of hype lately about the sexism in the reporting of the Olympics. Obviously these people have never
20 Reasons We're Terrible 20somethings Tonight, my husband and I are getting ready to go to our 10-year high school reunion. At 28, we are members of the grownup
When you look, what do you see? 
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant \u2015 but succinct \u2015 wisdom. Each week, HuffPost Women
'Crazy Ex-Girlfriend' Creator Flips The Script On Sexist Casting Calls And she did it in one spot-on tweet.
Anita Hill \u201cIt seems to me that that sends a very bad signal.\
Olympic Basketball Coach Has Flawless Response To Sexist Question \We live in that Trumpian era where it\u2019s OK to be sexist and degrade people.\
Men On TV Debate Female Olympians' Looks, Because Sexism These two win gold for creepiest convo!
One Poet\u2019s Truthful Reminder That Body Acceptance Isn\u2019t Always Easy \u201cI confuse people who think you can\u2019t be this fat and still be the baddest chick in a room.\
This Weightlifting Actress DGAF What You Think Of Her Muscular Body Bani J did not ask for your opinion.
This Woman\u2019s Spin On A Romantic Photoshoot Is What Life Goals Are Made Of Employed is the new engaged.
Research Says Women Feel Less Crappy About Their Bodies Than They Used To But it's not clear yet whether it's cause for celebration.
A Sexist Comment Is A Sexist Comment, No Matter Who Says It The way we talk about Hillary Clinton is a study in internalized misogyny.
TV Exec Harassed By Roger Ailes Writes Powerful Essay About Rampant Workplace Sexism Shelley Ross writes about pervasive sexual harassment in the media industry.
Donald Trump's Sexism Strikes Again 
J.K. Rowling Shuts Down White Man's Ridiculous Solution To Online Abuse \ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f
Meet The Millennial Men Who Love Hillary Clinton Her success as a candidate doesn't rest solely on the shoulders of women.
J.K. Rowling Has No Time For Scientists Perplexed By The Female Orgasm All in less than 140 characters.
We Finally Saw A Woman Shut Down Misogyny On 'Bachelor In Paradise' Sarah Herron is the feminist shero we deserve. \ud83c\udf39 \ud83c\udf34
Gretchen Carlson Shuts Down Trump\u2019s Notion That \u2018Strong\u2019 Women Don\u2019t Get Harassed \Sad in 2016 we're still victim blaming women.\
25 Convincing Reasons To Watch The Olympics So you agree, you think they're really pretty?
The Trumps Have No Idea How Sexual Harassment Works Donald and Eric Trump's comments about workplace harassment are all kinds of wrong.
Why You Should Never Date A Girl Who Writes \She can destroy you with her words.\
How Writing About My Rape Made Me Feel Used Originally published on Unwritten by Missy Amato. I never had any problem with talking about what had happened to me. However
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant \u2015 but succinct \u2015 wisdom. Each week, HuffPost Women
Women And Girls, From 6 To 102, On The Impact Of Hillary's Nomination \It's a dream come true.\
Ryan Lochte Pleasantly Surprised Women Have 'Professional Jobs And Everything\u2019 He's going for gold on Tinder\ud83c\udfc5
Today's Top Google Question About Hillary Clinton Is A Total Bummer Sigh.
The Sneaky Feminism Of Bill Clinton's First Gentleman Speech Bill's speech about Hillary gave accomplished women their due.
Woman's Viral FB Post Fights Girl-On-Girl Hate With Kindness \ud83d\udc4f \ud83d\udc4f \ud83d\udc4f
Trump Is Right. He Doesn't 'Know What Is Going On With The Women.' Or, really, anyone other than straight, white, rich men. Luckily, the Democrats seem to.
103-Year-Old Hillary Clinton Fan Vows To Live Long Enough To Vote For Her \I'm going to live until she's elected,\ Ruline Steininger promises.
Famous Women On Why A Woman President Is A 'Revolution' #ThisIsWhatMyRevolutionLooksLike \ud83c\uddfa\ud83c\uddf8
I'm 44, And I Have No F*cks Left To Give \Who the hell are they to judge me?\u201d
The Conundrum Of Being A Moderate Republican Woman In 2016 \Every election I get more disenchanted with the Republican party.\
Here\u2019s What Rom Coms Would Be Like If They Treated Women Like Humans Joe Fox (F-O-X) isn\u2019t so charming after all \ud83d\ude45
Surprise! RNC's 'Women Vote Trump' Event Fails To Attract Many Women \u201cI knew I was going to take a beating and a lashing for supporting Donald Trump,\u201d one woman who supports Trump said.
The Genius Way Planned Parenthood Used 'Pokemon Go' To Promote Safe Sex \When you don't want to #CatchEmAll...\
Why Women's Magazines Should Unite It\u2019s time to make some noise. The stakes are too high to stay silent.
Are You Hanging On While Letting Go? Be good to yourself.
The Rape Victims Silenced By Their Prison Cells A prison chaplain who admitted to sexually assaulting three inmates may spend less than a year behind bars. Why don't we seem to care?
Please Stop Asking This Unsettling Question To Women Everywhere A woman is complete irrespective of her marital or maternal status. The legacy of a woman is her contribution to the society as a whole.
To Any Girl Who Was Told 'You\u2019re Not Pretty Enough' \u201cBeauty is in the eye of the beholder.\u201d \u201cIt\u2019s what\u2019s on the inside that counts.\u201d \u201cBeauty isn\u2019t everything.\u201d These phrases
THE SCIENCE OF LISTENING 
Comedians Highlight The Crazy Things Women Go Through To Get An Abortion The video is an exaggeration...hardly.
Why 'She Should Have Quit' Is The Wrong Response To Gretchen Carlson If women walked out of every situation after being harassed, we would never leave our homes.
This Woman Never Felt 'Good Enough' To Wear A Bikini -- Until Now \I'm on a journey to love me for me.\
Watch A Man Call A Woman 'Hysterical' For Talking About Domestic Violence Not OK.
Watch Matt McGorry Call Out An Extremely Sexist Radio Show Well done sir.
Dear Younger Me You\u2019re in for one hell of a ride, but don\u2019t worry \u2013- you got this.
Delighting In Criticism In the absence of defensiveness, gratitude is all that\u2019s left.
The Empowering Reason This News Anchor\u2019s Bikini Pic Is Going Viral \It doesn't matter how it looks, what matters is how it feels.\
Genius Woman Used Her Love Of Bread To Shut Down A Slut-Shamer Bread
Watch Two People Use 'Photo Therapy\u2019 To Challenge The Beach Body Myth Sometimes building self esteem means breaking down barriers.
Olivia Wilde On Raising 'A Little Feminist' Son \I want to promote the idea that the definition of feminism is equality.\
How A Writer's Room Full Of 'Underestimated' People Paid Off For Samantha Bee Behold, the magic of hiring people other than just white men \u2728
I Read VF's Margot Robbie Profile And Have No Idea What The Words Mean She's the latest female celeb subjected to painfully bad descriptions of her sex appeal.
The Spice Girls' 'Wannabe' Music Video Just Got A Rad Feminist Makeover This is what women and girls really really want.
Ivanka Trump Says Her Dad Is A Feminist. He Very Obviously Is Not. Hiring women who will make you money does not a feminist make.
I Had An Early Miscarriage Grief sneaks out during tired moments.
How To Fall In Love, Again -- With Your Spouse If you view marriage as a journey, you'll understand that all marriages experience ups and downs. Our job is to learn, over and over, how to deal productively with relationship challenges as they arise, to approach them in ways that foster our growth as individuals and as a couple.
After Brock Turner Case, This Woman Wants To Tell The World What It Costs To Survive Sexual Assault Beyond the emotional toll, the financial bill for being raped can be staggering.
The 21 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant -- but succinct -- wisdom. Each week, HuffPost
Woman Tells Men To STFU About Abortion In 3 Glorious Sentences \Unless you have a woman's body, I don't want to hear your opinion.\
9-Year-Old Reporter Told To Just Be \u2018Cute\u2019 Has Landed A Book Deal Hilde was at camp and not available for comment.
Here's What It's Like To Live In A State With One Abortion Provider A new documentary explores the lives of 32 women in Missouri, and the reality of anti-abortion legislation.
5 Surprising Facts About Egg Freezing Babies born from frozen eggs are still not that common.
6 Women Share How They\u2019ve Redefined Beauty In New Dove Campaign \My looks have nothing to do with my capabilities.\
40 Tweets Explain Exactly Why SCOTUS\u2019s Ruling On Abortion Matters \A victory for women. A victory for people with uteruses. A victory for reproductive justice.\
Planned Parenthood Employees In Texas Explain Why SCOTUS's Abortion Ruling Is So Damn Huge \At least now we know that it won't get worse today.\
Watch Maya Rudolph Sing An Epic 'Vajingle' About Tampons It's a jingle about vaginas, y'all.
The United State of Women's Fairygodboss 
The Internet Commenter I've realized that writing an article on the internet is equivalent to throwing yourself to the vultures. They are ready to peck at just about anything with some meat to it. Sometimes, they really tear you apart.
'Like A Girl' My mom worked tirelessly to break me out of the ice tray society froze their daughters in.
What It Feels Like To See For The First Time At Age 49 It\u2019s not over. It\u2019s only just beginning.
Empowering Women To Escape The Cruel Realities Of Poverty Through Education \u2013 One Village As the sun begins to rise over Namwendwa, a rural village of eastern Uganda, clusters of children begin to gather around
What It's Like To Be Harassed Online Every Day As A Feminist \Sometimes you can't just shut the computer.\
Inspiring Campaign Highlights The Power Of Women Helping Women \We are more powerful when we empower each other.\
Kerry Washington Is Working To End Financial Abuse And Empower Women To Walk Away The actress has been working with Allstate Foundation Purple Purse to help give women tools to \save their lives.\
The 'Ghostbusters' Cast Has Zero Patience For Sexist Bullsh*t Boy, bye. \ud83d\ude45
This Ad Party Invite Is Straight Out Of \u2018Mad Men\u2019 \u2014 And Not In A Good Way Strike one
FLOTUS On How She Went From South Side Chicago To The White House Michelle Obama opens up in a powerful new video -- plus she \u200b*finally*\u200b joined Snapchat \ud83d\ude0d
My Eating Disorder Almost Destroyed My Family On a gloriously sunny afternoon in April 2002, the kind of day that southern California is famous for, my friend Maria came
Sky Ferreira Has No Time For Sexist Columns About Her 'Killer Tits' \I'm not a think piece. I'm not a f***ing example.\
The Woman Card \It means freedom for women to vote against the party this donkey represents,\ read the sign on a donkey named Woodrow who
How Single Women Are 'Raising The Bar On Men's Behavior' Rebecca Traister chats with Bill Maher about the rise of the single woman in all areas of public life.
If You Have A Vagina Or Know Someone Who Does As someone with a vagina, it was a tough week for women.
Why The Stanford Case Is About More Than Brock Turner's Sentencing As I witnessed the uproar surrounding the Stanford case and the blame towards the victim for the past week, I felt sick. Physically
To The Gym-Hating, Food-Loving Women It\u2019s not that you don\u2019t care about your health.
6 Dating Mistakes You\u2019ll Never Make Again Dating is rough\u2026 Enough said. You go out, try to meet someone and then try not to screw it up. But because our emotions and
How To Go On Dates With Yourself (And Actually Like It) I\u2019ve always had issues with going to cafes/restaurants by myself. The thought of sitting there all alone made me feel all
Say Goodbye to Monday Blues in 5 Steps Setting your intention for the day when you wake up is like choosing the soundtrack for your day.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week After this week we all need a little pick-me-up. Here to bring some much-needed levity is the funny ladies of Twitter.\u00a0Each
Here's What Relationships Are Really Like Inside A Women's Prison On Friday, the fourth season of the prison drama\u00a0\Orange Is The New Black\ will debut on Netflix. Based on the eponymous
Trump\u2019s Claim That He\u2019d Be Better For Women Than Hillary Is Stunningly Absurd He calls women \pigs\ and doesn't support paid family leave.
The Awesome Way This Woman With Stage IV Cancer Is Taking On Chemo Karen Walsh, you are brave as hell.
Gay Space Cannot Be Straight Women's Safe Space Until It's Safe For Those Who Are Gay The massacre of 49 people in Orlando's Pulse nightclub evoked grief, shock, anger, and guilt. Guilt about the thoughtless
Control And Fear One of the first things we learned about Omar Mateen, the gunman in the nightclub massacre in Orlando, Fla., was that his
Trans Woman Covers Women's Running Body Issue Amelia Gapin is the first trans woman to appear on the popular magazine\u2019s cover.
Ilana Glazer To Street Harassers TV\u2019s funniest women get candid about Hollywood sexism and catcalling.
Read The Devastating Interview With A Woman Who Had An Abortion At 32 Weeks Elizabeth* is 35. She grew up in the South, currently lives in Brooklyn, and has been married for two years. After a previous
Miley Cyrus Is Out To Shatter The Glass Ceiling In Unaired 'SNL' Sketch And she's armed with shoulder pads and \business hair.\
The GOP\u2019s War On Abortion May Have Cleared The Way For A Zika Disaster On Tuesday, Kaiser Health News published a lengthy article about a potentially tragic piece of irony
Pro Athlete Gets Glossy Media Treatment Despite Rape Allegation A 1,100-word profile of Jameis Winston includes one line about the alleged assault.
How I Started Covering Donald Trump For CNN While I was in college at the University of Maryland, I stalked the recruiter at the Wall Street Journal, begging her to
Huma Abedin Is The Patron Saint Of Women In Crisis Easily the most fascinating part of \Weiner,\ the documentary about the\u00a0sexting scandal that derailed Anthony Weiner\u2019s 2013
President Obama Would-be allies, take note. \ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f
Let's Get Physical I'll never forget the first time I saw a naked woman who wasn\u2019t my mum. I was 12; she was a grown-up and standing in the
This Woman's 'Save The Date' Card Is An Inspiration For Single Women Everywhere \ud83c\udf93 > \ud83d\udc70
This \u2018Hamilton\u2019 Star Validated What So Many Women Feel -- But Rarely Say Out Loud Last night, the phenomenal Ren\u00e9e Elise Goldsberry won a much-deserved Tony Award for her performance as Angelica Schuyler
Ken Burns Implores Stanford Graduates To Believe Sexual Assault Survivors Students also demonstrated at commencement over how Stanford has addressed sexual violence.
The Stanford Rape Case Is More Than A News Story Many of you have probably already read about Brock Turner, a former Stanford athlete who was\u00a0found guilty of sexually assaulting
This Is Even Bigger Than Brock Change is possible and within each of us. When \Emily\--and then BuzzFeed--told her story, she permanently reshaped the public conversation, making the norms that enable this kind of violence impossible to ignore. The students who stopped the attack are role models to each of us.
As Clinton Clinches Nomination, Many Of Her Supporters Tiptoe Out Of The Shadows There has been a change these past few days, a shift in the conversation as many who have kept quiet about their views in
17 Flawless Reactions To #DeleteYourAccount \u201cBoy, bye\u201d-women to Trump.
7 Charts That Show The Devastating Impact Of Abortion Restrictions In Texas This month, the Supreme Court is set to decide on a case that could determine how women in Texas -- and nationwide -- get
Women\u2019s And Men\u2019s Brains Work Differently When It Comes To Cooperating A new study reveals something interesting about our brains.
Patricia Clarkson Has No Time For Complaints From White Male Actors \Shut up and sit in the corner. I mean, seriously!\
This Woman Put A Game-Changing Twist On Your Average Music Festival The Other Festival makes up for the lack of gender inclusion in the festival circuit.
Chokeholds And Headless Women When the poster for the upcoming movie X-Men
Men, We Should Do More About The Way Creepy Guys Talk To Women An open letter from one dude to dudes everywhere.
The Calculated Plan To Outlaw Abortion In The US In her black Honda Civic, Angie Hayes picks up women in Houston she's never met before and drives them an hour to where they
The End Of \u2018Shrink It And Pink It\u2019 Ladies, as everyone knows, are dainty and fragile, and prefer the world to be awash in pastels. Or at least, that\u2019s the philosophy
Unbelievable Every time there\u2019s another celebrity domestic violence scandal in the news and people fall all over themselves to defend
This Wonder Woman Totally Crushed The 'American Ninja Warrior' Course If you can't break down a barrier, just climb over it \ud83d\udcaa
Brock Turner Repeatedly Used Alcohol As An Excuse For The Sexual Assault He Committed He says he wants to speak out against \binge drinking and sexual promiscuity,\ but won't admit his guilt.
The Women Of 'Girls' On Why We Need To Believe Sexual Assault Survivors Listen up.
Sexist Hillary Clinton Attacks Are Best Sellers Sexism sells. A lot. Amy Doughty, a St. Louis nurse with three young kids, sells $3 buttons on Ebay and Etsy that feature
4 Things You Probably Don't Know About IUDs FYI ladies.
Why The Stanford Sexual Assault Victim Is Remaining Anonymous \Yes, there's plenty more that I'd like to tell you about me. For now, I'm every woman.\
Deciding To Have An Abortion...While Getting Chemo As a storyteller I often find myself asking
'Game Of Thrones' Star Maisie Williams Claps Back At Sexist Headline Shade. \ud83d\udc38\u2615\ufe0f
Michelle Obama's Kick-Ass Lady Crew Celebrates 'The United State Of Women' FLOTUS got some help from Shonda Rhimes, Tina Fey and more.
Why We Need To Lose Biased Words Like 'Mistress' For Good As mother to a young daughter, I find myself correcting my own word usage quite frequently
Activism Is The New Girl Gang It makes sense that Alexandra Brodsky has just graduated from Yale\u2019s law school and will be spending this summer studying
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant -- but succinct -- wisdom. Each week, HuffPost
This Craigslist Missed Connection Is Delightfully Feminist A round of applause for Mystery Wisconsin Woman \ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f
In Defense Of 'Petty' How women are reclaiming a word once used to diminish them.
Unequal Rights Abortions and guns are two of the most polarizing topics in this country. But they\u2019re both rights protected by our government
The Rise Of The DIY Abortion There are a lot of things I can\u2019t tell you about Ren\u00e9e. I can\u2019t say her real name. I can\u2019t reveal where she lives. I can\u2019t
The Fierceness Of \u2018Femme, Fat And Asian\u2019 Few RuPaul\u2019s Drag Race fans could have been surprised Monday night when the show crowned as champion the 29-year-old New
Woman Body-Shamed For Swimsuit Photo Responds With More Swimsuit Photos Cailey Darling 
Hillary Clinton vs. Herself In a locker room at the University of Bridgeport in Connecticut, people are waiting in line to get their pictures taken
Paula Broadwell, David Petraeus And The Afterlife Of A Scandal WEST POINT, N.Y. \u2014 It was 6:30 a.m. at the United States Military Academy, the sun was rising over the Hudson River, and
Want To See What Toxic Masculinity Looks Like? Watch 'The Bachelorette.' Hot garbage, thy name is Chad. \ud83d\ude11
JetBlue Told Woman She Couldn't Fly Because Her Shorts Were Too Short \I felt very disrespected.\
10 Spot-On Comics That Sum Up The Struggles Of Being A Grown-Ass Woman Nailed it.
How 3 Badass Women Stopped An Alleged Rape Attempt \Don't roofie someone on our watch!\
Some Women Regret Their Abortions. But We All Deserve To Have The Choice This week, the wife of a Republican legislator did something you might find shocking
As A Rape Survivor, This Is How I Talk About Consent With My Daughters With knowledge that 1 out of 6 women in the United States will be sexually assaulted in her lifetime, for many, the inevitability
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant -- but succinct -- wisdom. Each week, HuffPost
Girls Who Love Sports Are Basically Unicorns, According To Sexist T-Shirt So you better \wife 'em up.\ \ud83d\ude11
How The Idea of 'Cliques' Hurt Adult Women In the second season of \Gossip Girl,\ Dan Humphrey, a sensitive scholarship student from Brooklyn, attempts a truce of sorts
How Living At An All-Male College Made Me A Sexist Douchebag It's been a sobering couple of weeks for colleges in Sydney, Australia. First, students at Wesley College came under fire
Music Festivals' Glaring Women Problem Half of music festival attendees are women. But on stage, the numbers tell a different story.
This Parody Of Beyonc\u00e9\u2019s 'Hold Up' Is All About Hermione Granger \I don\u2019t wanna lose my pride but I\u2019ma crucio a witch.\u201d \ud83c\udf4b \ud83c\udf4b \ud83c\udf4b
The Quiet Violence Of The Unwanted Kiss In photos from last Thursday\u2019s amfAR gala at Cannes, it might look like auction host Uma Thurman wasn\u2019t perturbed by the
What I Wish Men Knew About That Creepy Guy At Starbucks And about being a woman in general.
Amber Riley To Body-Shamers The \Glee\ star\u2019s novocain-induced rant is spot-on.
No, I Won't Smile 
Why I Stopped Kissing My Husband \For the love of my baby soft lips and cheeks, I have to call a kissing time out.\
On The Front Lines Of The Abortion Wars \Oh, Colleen, you're here to butcher the babies again, aren't you?\ That's how an antiabortion protester greets Dr. Colleen
Stop Telling Women They\u2019re Doing Feminism Wrong Right now, someone somewhere -- probably a woman -- is doing feminism wrong. This is the overwhelming message that is being
The Saga Of My Rape Kit Cambridge, England -- My rape kit was created on the evening of Sunday, Jan. 12, 1992, at Magee-Womens Hospital in Pittsburgh
Girls Can't Code Because, You Know, Boobs (And Other Myths) Brilliant satirical video series skewers stereotypes about women in tech.
'Waitress' Star Finds Strength In The Female Narrative On Broadway Here's how Tony winner Jessie Mueller's latest role is making history.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant -- but succinct -- wisdom. Each week, HuffPost
Men Are Sabotaging The Online Reviews Of TV Shows Aimed At Women We can quibble about where it stands in the TV canon, but \u201cSex and the City\u201d has seven Emmys and a suite of Golden Globes
Why Your Choice Not To Have Kids Is Awesome I think we can all agree that women are under a lot of scrutiny. A lot.
When Trump Made A Pass At Me. And Why It Matters. This is a story about how Donald Trump made a pass at me. And about what that does and does not mean as he runs for president
Gains In Women\u2019s Rights Haven't Made Women Happier. Why Is That? Women are outliving men in every country in the world, despite facing higher levels of poverty than men, greater odds of
What Does It Mean When We Call Women Girls? As a dedicated contrarian -- someone whose few attempts at trend-chasing have culminated in baroque, Wile E. Coyote-esque
1 In 4 Americans Think We'll Colonize Mars Before We See CEO Gender Parity Ready... set... lift off! \ud83d\ude80
12 Absurd (But Real) Concerns 'Bachelorette' Suitors Have About Dating Life's a peach when you're a moderately attractive Ken doll on reality TV.
Samantha Bee\u2019s Spectacular Takedown Of Trolls Who Went After Seattle Councilwomen Seattle Sea-wards, FTW \ud83c\udfc6
Unsafe Sex Threatens Girls\u2019 Health Worldwide. The Prescription? Feminism Back in 1990, unsafe sex came an unremarkable 14th in the worldwide risk table for deaths among adolescent boys, and 11th
Crossing The Line Donald J. Trump had barely met Rowanne Brewer Lane when he asked her to change out of her clothes.
For Laura Benanti, Being A 'Feminist With A Capital F' Has Paid Off With \She Loves Me\ and a career retrospective, the Tony-winning star has a lot to celebrate.
Watch A Meteorologist Get Shamed For Daring To Show Skin On Live TV The reporter was handed a sweater to put on mid-broadcast.
Pop Stars like Beyonc\u00e9 Leading the Conversation About Feminism For the record, we both acknowledge Beyonc\u00e9's talent and appreciate why so many people, and women in particular, are applauding Lemonade, and perhaps seeing themselves in it. That's not our issue or focus. The impetus for this conversation was a post on Facebook discussing feminist scholar bell hooks' response to Beyonc\u00e9's visual album, Lemonade.
Why I Share My Favorite Porn With Other Women Earlier this year I was visiting a friend I hadn\u2019t seen in ages. On the third day of my trip, we began swapping downloads
Amy Schumer Nails The Absurd Difficulties Of Shopping While Female No matter your size, the struggle is real. \ud83d\ude11 \ud83d\ude11 \ud83d\ude11
Why Does The Media Keep Giving Abusive Men Platforms For Redemption? Yesterday in The Hollywood Reporter, Ronan Farrow, the son of Mia Farrow and Woody Allen,\u00a0came forward to make a public statementregarding
Woman Fired For Not Wearing Heels Gets Flat-Out Awesome Support Tweet your best foot forward.
Why This Woman Celebrates Her Herpes Diagnosis Every Year \Telling someone that you have an STI should not be brave.\
'Hamilton' Star Ren\u00e9e Elise Goldsberry holds this truth to be self-evident. #Werk
Donald Trump's Candidacy Could Have Devastating Consequences For Women It's official. Reality TV star Donald Trump has somehow inexplicably become the presumptive Republican nominee. Many on the
Sanders Told A Female Reporter Not To 'Moan' About Hillary Clinton Here's why that's not OK.
Rob Zombie Just Shut Down Trolls Hating On Girl Group Babymetal \They roll harder than you.\
Dating Experiment Confirms It\u2019s Sexier To Support Pizza Than Trump \ud83c\udf55 > The Donald
The New Excuse For Violence And Threats Against Abortion Providers In 2009, Scott Roeder murdered Dr. George Tiller, leaving Wichita, Kansas, without an abortion provider. A full year would
Hillary Clinton, A 'Nasty, Mean Enabler'? The Claim Is Ludicrous Now Donald Trump is playing the woman card. With sustained force, he is using Bill Clinton\u2019s sexual misconduct with women
Woman Meets Tinder Pervs To See What They\u2019re Like In Real Life \Mostly, they're just sweet dudes that are lonely.\
Samantha Bee Exposes Just How Terrifying Crisis Pregnancy Centers Are No medical credentials, no problem!
Cyndi Lauper And James Corden Sing \u2018Girls Just Want Equal Funds\u2019 Prepare to watch this at least 100 times.
Jennifer Lopez\u2019s New Video Is A Sad Premonition Of The Future Of Feminism Jennifer Lopez has done a bang-up job convincing the world that her latest single is some kind of feminist manifesto. Since
The \u2018Perfect Body\u2019 Is A Lie. I Believed It For A Long Time And Let It Shrink My Life I\u2019ve always been a great big person. In the months after I was born, the doctor was so alarmed by the circumference of my
SNL Captures Feminism\u2019s Generational Divide With \u2018President Barbie\u2019 Skit \Feels like she's trying too hard.\
This Mother's Day, These Are The Women We Should Salute 
The Plight Of The Trump-Hating Republican Woman I\u2019m not sure exactly when I started feeling bad for Republican women. Maybe it was last year, the first time I heard their
Best Coast Singer On Sexual Harassment \It doesn\u2019t exist just in my industry.\
How I Finally Let Go Of My Dead Mom\u2019s Things I am 30 years old. My closets are overflowing with wool coats, shiny at the elbows from use, and belts whose leather curves
A Sexist NYC Monument Is Being Transformed Into An Homage To Women The borough of Queens is rededicating an old fountain to its female residents.
This PAC Asks Straight White Men Running For Office, 'Can You Not?' It was \started by white men, for white men.\
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant -- but succinct -- wisdom. Each week, HuffPost
Women Take A Middle School Sex Ed Quiz, Reveal America Is A Terrible Teacher #Fail
Cheer Up! The Vulnerable, Weeping Man Is Back In Style A few weeks ago Matt McGorry, actor and male feminist du jour, shared a photo of himself crying. \u201cWho needs bravado when
Should Prostitution Be A Crime? Last November, Meg Mu\u00f1oz went to Los Angeles to speak at the annual West Coast conference of Amnesty International. She was
A Hospital Ordered This Doctor To Be Silent On Abortions. She Refused. \I don't think the way to deal with bullies is to cower and pull back.\
What's The Best Advice Your Mom Has Given You? (We Want To Hear It!) Mother knows best.
Gloria Steinem Thinks Donald Trump Is 'Playing The Masculinity Card' You tell 'em, Gloria. \ud83d\udca5 \ud83d\udca5 \ud83d\udca5
The Forced Heroism Of The \u2018Survivor\u2019 For most of her life, Virginia Woolf suffered from what she called \u201clooking-glass shame,\u201d an aversion to seeing herself in
Samantha Bee Gave Ted Cruz The Best One-Sentence Send-Off \ud83d\udd25 \ud83d\udd25 BURN\ud83d\udd25 \ud83d\udd25
Amy Schumer Took Over A Woman\u2019s Tinder Account And Amy Schumered All Over It \If you're not wearing a shirt in your profile photo... stop.\
The Perfect Response To 'Are Men Second-Class Citizens?' The only gif you'll ever need to deal with sexist bulls**t.
Sexual Harassment Training May Have Reverse Effect, Research Suggests Sexual harassment courses aimed at preventing workplace discrimination can have the opposite effect, making men less capable
Lupita Nyong\u2019o Isn\u2019t Here For What Society Says Women \u2018Need To Do' Why the star took on a \small\ play, \expectations be damned.\
Abortion Clinics In Blue States Are Closing, Too In many ways, Shauna Heckert, the executive director of Women\u2019s Health Specialists of California, a group of six abortion
Fishing For Feminists? It could have been the perfect romcom. An ad was placed on Craigslist by a parent looking for a woman to tutor their son
How 'Valley Of The Dolls' Turned Taking Drugs Into A Feminist Act When Jacqueline Susann's novel \Valley of the Dolls\\u00a0was released in 1966, critics panned it. \She doesn't write\u2014she types
Why Are 2016 Candidates Ignoring Women\u2019s Health? What if we talked about gun violence, and discussed only bullet size? To me, that seems akin to the presidential campaign
How Hard It Is To Get An Abortion In 6 Countries, From Women Who Tried \The government is basically forcing me to have a backstreet abortion.\
8 Dating Tips I Want My Daughter to Remember I want to make sure you enter the world feeling confident in who you are, what you stand for, what you should accept into your life, and most importantly, what you deserve.
When Robots Are An Instrument Of Male Desire By the time she started saying \u201cHitler was right I hate the jews,\u201d people had started to realize that there was something
If Your Doctor Won\u2019t Give You An IUD Because You Haven\u2019t Had Kids, You Need A New Doctor If your gynecologist has turned down your request for an IUD in the past, it might be time for another try\u2014or another doctor
This Is How You Vote With Your Vagina FYI, most vaginas are pro-Chris Hemsworth.
Men Reading Online Harassment To Women Is Powerful to Watch. But Will The Trolls Listen? Everyone knows it\u2019s easier to spew vitriol on the internet than to confront someone in real life. If it weren\u2019t, the majority
Music Business 'Feminism' Is Little More Than Branding. Just Ask Kesha. The unofficial kickoff of music festival season began at Coachella in Indio, California this month, where emerging and big
NFL Linebacker Encourages Men To Speak Up Against Sexual Assault In Powerful Essay \It\u2019s truly astounding how many awful things that occur in this world because men are afraid of appearing weak.\
Clinton Cashed In Trump\u2019s \u2018Woman Card\u2019 For Campaign Gold \ud83d\udc81 \ud83c\udffc\ud83d\udc81 \ud83c\udffc\ud83d\udc81\ud83c\udffc
The Only Way To Combat Congress's Sexism Is To Flood It With Women Congress is sexist. So says Illinois Congresswoman Cheri Bustos, a former journalist and health-care executive who in 2012
We Are The Men Of A Childhood Where The Monsters Of Family Violence Were Real I don\u2019t remember the first time he hit Mum. I certainly don\u2019t remember all the times he hit her. I have always remembered
No, Women Voters Don't Want To Be 'Seduced' Or \wooed\ or turned into \fawning putty\ or made to \coo\...
What Happened When We Tried To Get Over-The-Counter Birth Control In California It's been over two weeks since California enacted regulations allowing women to purchase hormonal birth control at the pharmacy
How Women Deal With Their Periods In Space If you think getting your period on Earth is hard, try floating around in space.
Prince Was One Of Pop Music\u2019s Greatest Champions Of Women Prince wasn\u2019t just one of the 20th\u00a0century\u2019s great artists, who left behind an unrivaled discography of hundreds and hundreds
Want To Change The Conversation About Abortion? Listen To Women. A new documentary puts women\u2019s voices front and center.
Personal Branding Have you been wanting to start your own business? Or maybe you already have, but you need a way to stand out among your competitors? Either way, if you haven't thought about the importance of personal branding, now is the time.
Why I\u2019ll Miss Chyna, The Female Wrestler Who Broke All The Gender Rules The \u201cNinth Wonder of the World\u201d is dead, the only female wrestler to hold the World Wrestling Federation Intercontinental
Where The Boys Are In 1960, The American writer\u00a0Glendon Swarthout, ultimately best known for his novels of the Old West, published a sex farce
Male Politicians Perform Amy Schumer\u2019s Pap Smear In Spot-On Sketch It\u2019s funny because it\u2019s true.
Why Do Girls Tend To Have More Anxiety Than Boys? The laid-back, underachieving boy; the hyperachieving, anxious girl. Over the three decades since I graduated from medical
Viral Facebook Post Reminds Dudes Not Every Woman Wants To Talk To Them \Leave her alone. Let her read her book. Tell your friends.\
When Rape Is Broadcast Live On The Internet The Periscope link was titled \u201clive sex\u201d and colourful hearts, indicating people were liking the video, flooded the right
The US Is Finally Putting A Woman On The $20 Bill \u2014 But 48 Other Countries Beat Us To It Yesterday afternoon, the US Treasury announced that Harriet Tubman (who escaped slavery and became an abolitionist) will
The Beach Girl Behind The Beach Boys Early in 2015\u2019s\u00a0\Love & Mercy,\\u00a0a film based on the life of Brian Wilson, a foxy blonde in cat\u2019s-eye sunglasses addresses
What This Season Of 'Broad City' Got Right About Being A Woman In Your Late 20s Abbi and Ilana\u2019s messy evolution is something everyone can relate to.
Heroic Woman Devours Pizza On Kiss Cam \ud83d\ude0d\ud83c\udf55
50 Years Ago, This Woman Defied The Rules And Ran the Boston Marathon On April 19, 1966, a 23-year-old woman in a blue hoodie hid in forsythia bushes near the start of the Boston Marathon. After
How The Pentagon Misled Congress To Stop A Law Intended To Help Rape Victims A shocking new investigation has found that the Pentagon misled Congress while trying to block a major reform of the way
Sexual Assault Awareness Campaign Puts A Dark Twist On College Acceptance Letters \Unacceptable Acceptance Letters\ show what schools might say if they were honest about sexual assault.
Former Congresswoman Reflects On Fighting Sexist Bullshit In The '90s \An old guy came up to me and said, 'Well I hope you\u2019re happy. This place looks like a shopping mall.'\
Lily Allen On Being Stalked It started with a tweet. It ended with a stranger breaking into her bedroom as she slept, intending, he told police later
Insults And Rape Threats -- Writers Shouldn\u2019t Have To Deal With This When you find out that you\u2019re the best at something, normally it makes sense to feel happy. I\u2019m not sure that reaction applies
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant -- but succinct -- wisdom. Each week, HuffPost
'Confirmation' And The Silencing Of Black Women To Shield Black Men No amount of respectability could save Anita Hill from misogynoir.
How A Man's Attempt To Mock Mansplainers Epically Backfired Sarcastic sexism was a terrible choice.
Olivia Benson Believes Me I had never heard of \Law & Order
101 Actual Black Women More Deserving Of Book Deals Than Rachel Dolezal Yesterday, various news outlets confirmed what post-racial turducken Rachel Dolezal alluded to in her recent interview on
Hillary Clinton Weighs In On The Politics Of 'Splitting The Bill' The presidential hopeful says there's no \hard and fast rule.\
Here's What's At Stake For Women This Election SO MUCH.
What Millennial Women Really Value In The 2016 Election Young single women are suddenly among the most talked-about voters in America. And when you fold in young married women, as
How \u2018Empowerment\u2019 Became Something For Women To Buy At my day job as an editor at a women\u2019s website, I receive a daily mess of emails promoting random products and activities
On Equal Pay Day, The Gap Is Still Too Wide Equal Pay Day falls on April 12 in 2016. It's an important reminder of how far we still need to go to achieve gender-pay
On Equal Pay Day, The Gap Is Still Too Wide Equal Pay Day falls on April 12 in 2016. It's an important reminder of how far we still need to go to achieve gender-pay
When A Feminist Pledges A Sorority It was a Thursday evening on the Columbia University campus, and a group from the Kappa Alpha Theta sorority was wedged onto
What The Presidential Candidates Think About Equal Pay Women in the U.S. currently make about 79 cents to a man's dollar, which means that even in 2016, women are still treated
Aunt Flo Makes All The Visits You Never Asked For In Adorable Video She\u2019s the worst guest, until she stops visiting.
A Celebration Of The UTI, Brought To You By 'Crazy Ex-Girlfriend' \ud83c\udfb6 My sweet love injection caused a urinary tract infection\ud83c\udfb6
John Kasich Is Seemingly Baffled By Young Women Who Get Politics No, sir, they don't want T-Swift tickets, they want answers.
Man-Free Uber Alternative Hits The App Store This Month Ladies, your Chariot for Women has arrived.
Meet The Millennial Women Shaping Politics The 2016 election feels like the official Election of the Millennial Generation. And it\u2019s not just because certain politicians
The War On Planned Parenthood One frigid night this past February, I flew to Ohio to watch democracy in action. The next day, the Ohio state Legislature
9-Year-Old Girl Shuts Down Concerns That Crime Reporting Makes Her Less 'Cute' Grown-ups say the darndest things.
The Kitty Genovese Story, Half A Century Later The original story of Kitty Genovese\u2019s death, first promulgated by the New York Times in a front-page article 50 years ago
Washington Post Reporter Sally Quinn was sexually assaulted by a Senator when she was in college, and sees her own story in Hill's.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant -- but succinct -- wisdom. Each week, HuffPost
The Sanders Campaign\u2019s Sexist New Argument On Tuesday night, following Bernie Sanders\u2019s big win in the Wisconsin primary, his campaign manager, Jeff Weaver, understandably
What Do Kendrick And Kanye Owe Women Listeners? On the Grand Scale of Misogyny in Hip-Hop, lyrics like \u201cThat pussy should be holding exclusive rights to me,\u201d and a call
The Controversial Birth Control That Destroys Your Body Jessica Smith's unedited, angry comment is still on the FDA's website, much to her surprise. \You had an opportunity to remove
Cupcakes Stir Controversy School-run bake sales have long served as a popular way to raise money while plying the community with sweet treats. A special
How 'She Just Wants Attention' Became America\u2019s Hottest Sexist Insult Last month, Donald Trump\u2019s campaign manager Corey Lewandowski\u00a0tweeted that Michelle Fields, the reporter whom he was caught
These Survivors Refuse To Let Their Sexual Assaults Define Them A diverse group of survivors are revealing more about their experiences in a new book.
The Important Reason Women Are Sharing Their Birth Control Stories Online The good, the bad and the ugly of taking the pill.
Why Are We So Scared Of Teenage Girls? \u201cI\u2019d rather do anything than treat teenage girls,\u201d a psychologist friend once told me. He said that teenage girls couldn\u2019t
Teaching Men To Be Emotionally Honest Last semester, a student in the masculinity course I teach showed a video clip she had found online of a toddler getting
'A Doll With Breasts' At the American Toy Fair in 1959, a historic mistake was about to be made
Woman Behind Viral Sexual Assault Essay Is Not Done Fighting Harvard Two years after writing the anonymous essay \Dear Harvard, You Win,\ Ariane Litalien is going public.
Video Exposes The Absurdity Of Saying Women \u2018Ask For It' \Don't go to work. Maybe don't leave the house.\
The Truth About Men Who Like Coercive Sex What sort of bedroom behavior would make you instantly view someone as dangerous to be around? What\u2019s fixable and what isn\u2019t
Republican Women On Wednesday, 16 conservative female members of the media joined together to put out a well-intentioned if demented letter
Sorry Donald, Women #WontBePunished For Seeking Abortions \Every woman deserves access to health care.\
Meet The Next Generation Of Inspiring Women Quick reminder
Is This The End Of The Era Of The Important, Inappropriate Literary Man? In public, everyone says that Thomas Sayers Ellis, 52, formerly of Case Western and Sarah Lawrence, a visiting professor
Why Utah's Nonsensical New Abortion Bill Is So Bad For Women Mandating anesthesia isn't about protecting women -- or their fetuses.
Trump's America Is One Where Women Aren't Trusted His callous comments about Michelle Fields are indicative of a much larger problem.
The Shocking Sexualization Of Female Politicians In Porn Google the names Donald Trump, Ted Cruz, or Bernie Sandersand the word \u201cporn\u201d and the results are benign lists of links to
The Sexual Politics Of 2016 In the middle of the Civil War a colonel named Robert McAllister from the 11th Regiment of New Jersey tried to improve the
Why Tina Fey Turned My Life As A War Reporter Into A Comedy In 2004, journalist Kim Barker began working as the South Asia bureau chief for the Chicago Tribune. She covered the resurgence
I Said No To Bill Cosby And Yes To Jian Ghomeshi When I was seventeen, Bill Cosby offered me a ride. It was around 1983 in Chicago. My best friend and I were hanging out
Roe v. Wade Was Lost In 1992 In June 29, 1992, as Justice Sandra Day O\u2019Connor began reading the decision for Planned Parenthood v. Casey, 25-year old
Women Deserve Better Than Two Clowns Reducing The Presidential Race To A Hottest Wife Contest I\u2019ve been keeping a list, as this election season shambles toward its climax, of things that might mount a more dignified
Female TV Reporters Read The Sexist, Horrible Emails They Receive \You've gained too much weight,\ wrote one viewer to a Chicago reporter.
The 20 Most Used GIFs On Tinder (And When To Whip Them Out Like A Pro) Ever since Tinder introduced GIFs, flirtation has gotten really... visual. Now if your first instinct isn't to use GIFs (such as, you're still trying to sort out how to use emoji) then you might not care.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant -- but succinct -- wisdom. Each week, HuffPost
Mansplaining Hotline Is A Destination For Dudes Who Need To Explain Things To Women \u201cClueless girls
Everything You Need To Know For The Supreme Court Birth Control Case The U.S. Supreme Court is set to hear arguments on March 23 in\u00a0Zubik v. Burwell,\u00a0the second direct challenge to the birth
There\u2019s No Need To Slut-Shame Melania In Political Ads. Trump Is Horrible Enough! Mormons don\u2019t like Donald Trump, and it\u2019s easy to see why. He\u2019s a fan of profanity; Mormons think swearing\u2019s a sin. Trump
Is Prostitution Just Another Job? Chelsea Lane was a freshman at Reed, the esteemed liberal-arts college in Portland, Oregon, when she first became \u00adinterested
I Asked Trump A Policy Question. Then He Called Me \u2018Beautiful.\u2019 Donald Trump, the Republican front-runner for the presidential nomination,met with The Washington Post\u2019s editorial board
Cheeky Campaign Encourages Women To Dump Dudes Who Support Trump \Four years of Trump, or four years of sex. Choose wisely.\u201d
Watch Samantha Bee Decimate State Officials Who Trash Rape Kits \You guys are taking the Marie Kondo method a little too far.\
Why Is Traveling Alone Still Considered A Risky, Frivolous Pursuit For Women? Women around the world have spoken out about their experiences of traveling after two young Argentinian women, Mar\u00eda Coni
Gloria Steinem Is A Member Of The Beyhive Slay recognize slay.
Demeaning Ads Get The Best Body-Positive Makeover Take that, body-shaming advertisers.
What 'She\u2019s The Man' Taught Us About Gender Roles In 2006, when Amanda Bynes dressed up as a boy for She's The Man\u00a0-- very convincingly, at that -- no one would have blamed
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant -- but succinct -- wisdom. Each week, HuffPost
Perfect Vending Machine Stocked With Plan B, Pregnancy Tests, Lube And Candy The most important things in a modern woman's life
Samantha Bee Just Owned Dudes Who Say Hillary Clinton Should Smile Spoiler
New Website Sheds Light On UC Berkeley's History Of Sexual Harassment Problems One sexual assault survivor wants her alma mater to own up to its disappointing record.
5 Ways Texas' Draconian Abortion Laws Actively Hurt Women New data shows why SCOTUS' ruling on HB2 matters.
President Obama Applauds Every Brave Woman Speaking Out Against Online Harassment \Women are lifting others out of the shadows and raising our collective consciousness about a problem that affects all of us.\
4 Ways Millennial Women Can Boost Their Careers In 2016 During Women's History Month, I find myself reflecting on where women stand in the world of work \u2013 and how they can be empowered
Out Here, No One Can Hear You Scream The dangerous culture of male entitlement and sexual hostility hiding within America's parks and forests.
The Male Birth Control Pill Is About To Come (So Your Boyfriend Can, Too) While women have been both ingesting and implanting various contraceptive methods for years, the promise of male birth control
Is Modern Feminism Failing To Create Real, Lasting Change? Late last year I went to a conference session on sexism in the workplace. About 25 of us, mostly young professional women
Emoji Feminism Recently, upon notice that she\u2019d received tenure, I texted a close friend to offer my congratulations. Later, I knew, we\u2019d
How Rihanna Is Making 'Single' Cool Again For Black Women When Rihanna dropped the double feature music video for her new single \u201cWork\u201d featuring Drake, one of our awesome columnists
Forever 21 Removes Creepy Graphic Tee From Its Website Many have complained that the shirt promotes victim-blaming.
27 Hot New Body Insecurities For Spring Spring is a time for growth, which means out with the old and in with the new. Still stressing over the same bad skin and
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant -- but succinct -- wisdom. Each week, HuffPost
Allow This Feminist Anthem To Sum Up The BS Women Deal With Every Day Anna Wise\u2019s \u201cBitchSlut\u201d tackles the messed up messages women hear about their sexuality.
How Kim Kardashian Killed The Term \Empowerment\ R.I.P. \empowerment.\ As a word, you had a good run. But you've hit peak meaninglessness, and it's time to kill you off. \Empowerment
Ariana Grande The singer called out the double standards women face in music and beyond.
This WNBA Star Has Had Enough With Sexist Crap She \can't wait for the day\ when people actually talk about her skills, not her looks.
Colleges Are The Next Battleground In The Fight For Free Tampons Advocates argue women are paying the price of gender inequality.
UN Condemns Harsh Abortion Laws, Child Marriage As 'Torture' The agency's torture expert called on all nations to end restrictive abortion laws that \violate human rights.\
John Boyega Had No Time For Pouty Men On International Women's Day \I'm just not talking about frigging men today!\
For Every Sexist Email She Gets, This College Student Will Write A Wikipedia Entry About A Woman Scientist Emily Temple-Wood has written hundreds of articles about women in science.
10 Trans Women Pioneers They Definitely Didn\u2019t Tell You About In History Class It seems like when people talk about early trans pioneers from history we only ever hear two names --\u00a0Lili Elbe and Christine
A Look Back At The Sexist, Racist History Of Beauty Pageants Beauty pageants epitomize the word \glamour.\ Young women dress up in floor length gowns, sparkling bikinis, and all the
What Melissa Harris-Perry's Show Meant To Women Of Color On Sunday, Feb. 7, 2016, the last episode of the Melissa Harris-Perry show with Harris-Perry as host aired on MSNBC. Just
Powerful Video Shows What Happens When We Don\u2019t Teach Women\u2019s History Microsoft is encouraging young women to #MakeWhatsNext.
Inside A Maximum Security Prison's Production Of 'The Wiz' These women are behind bars, but their performance will move you to tears.
30 Songs Hillary Clinton Is Jammin' To This Women's History Month In a playlist appropriately described as \a soundtrack for smashing glass ceilings.\
The Return Of The D.I.Y. Abortion During oral arguments last week before the Supreme Court in Whole Woman\u2019s Health v. Hellerstedt, Justice Elena Kagan noted
Could Hillary Clinton Ever Have Imagined This? Hillary Clinton is moving ever closer to becoming something this country has never had before
The Best Thing Women Can Do To Close The Gender Pay Gap If there\u2019s ever been a good reason to invest in digital, it\u2019s this.
Dear Everyone Who Said Ruth Bader Ginsburg Should Retire It's a good thing Ruth Bader Ginsburg didn't heed the advice of so many talking heads calling for her retirement. On Wednesday
Sad Men Nap Sadly In This Hilarious Instagram Account Life is hard when you're a dude.
How Three Fierce Female Justices Took Over The Supreme Court When the Supreme Court last heard oral arguments in a landmark abortion case, it was April 1992, the case was Planned Parenthood
Tina Fey Gives No-Bullshit Answer To Dumb 'Women In Comedy' Question \Every single interviewer asked, 'Isn't this an amazing time for women in comedy?'\
Stop Dating Men Who Want To 'Fix You' Men love to fix things. It probably has a lot to do with the toys they played with when they were little boys. Boy toys are
18 Fascinating Women Who Have Tried To Run For President Since 1872 These women paved the way for the Hillary Clintons and Carly Fiorinas of the world.
What Americans Think About Abortion Most Americans -- Democrats and Republicans, men and women, pro-choice and pro-life -- all share a belief about abortion
Is Hillary Clinton Held To A Higher Standard When It Comes To Race? Like many left-radical voters during this election season, I find myself conflicted. I like Hillary Clinton and unequivocally
How Abortion Access Is Kind Of Like The Worst Tech Support Ever \Are you sure that's what you want?\
35 Tweets That Nail Why It's Frustrating To Watch The Oscars #OscarsSoWhite, #OscarsSoMale...
My 'Thank-You' Letter To An Abortion Doctor In September last year, activist Amelia Bonow told everyone she knows \u2013 frankly and without shame \u2013 about her abortion. That
What Women Find In Friends That They May Not Get From Love Sara and I met as office drones in 1999. We became friends in a period of our lives when the demands of our jobs were just
How Black Women Like Me Reckon With America's Political Process I was 4 when my older sister, Tenisha, was shot and killed while walking down a San Francisco street with a friend one Friday
So You\u2019re A Celebrity Who Calls Yourself A Feminist. Now What? It\u2019s been less than a week since Kesha became a celeb-feminist cause c\u00e9l\u00e8bre. On Friday, a New York court\u00a0ruled\u00a0that the
Why I\u2019m Buying A House Without A Family To Put In It I must have said, \u201cThis was a mistake,\u201d and \u201cI want to go home,\u201d to myself at least 50 times the first time I saw a house
8 Eating Disorder Survivors Reveal What Recovery Means To Them Because every story matters.
Emma Watson Tells Gloria Steinem How She\u2019s Like Hermione In Feminist Chat Of Our Dreams \Fan-f***ing-tastic,\ indeed.
A Hollywood Agent Explains How Negotiations Work And Why Actresses Get Paid Less If a Jennifer Lawrence or Charlize Theron makes a few million dollars less than a Bradley Cooper or Tom Cruise, some might
What 15 Eating Disorder Survivors Think When They Hear The Word 'Fat' \Me. That\u2019s pretty much what I\u2019ve been all my life.\
What It's Really Like To Work In Hollywood The statistics are unequivocal
What Being Cheated On Does To Your Bank Account Being cheated on sucks. This is a universal and inarguable truth\u2014and one I've experienced firsthand. The moment you realize
I Will No Longer Defend My Choice To Write About Black Women \Why do you feel the need to write black characters so often?\ she asked, leaving the all-too-familiar question, on its surface
Lena Dunham Stands By Kesha In Powerful Essay \The American legal system continues to hurt women by failing to protect them...\
Women Coders Are More Respected When Peers Don't Know They're Women Surprise, surprise.
What Women Really Want To Hear When They Walk Down The Street Make sure you watch all the way to the end for the #1 answer.
The Single American Woman By the time I walked down the aisle \u2014 or rather, into a judge\u2019s chambers \u2014 in 2010, at the age of 35, I had lived 14 independent
Rowan Blanchard And Cecile Richards Had An Empowering Lady Chat Both agree the Internet has been pretty great for feminism.
Why Sexism At The Office Makes Women Love Hillary Clinton The poll numbers and primary results so far tell a simple story
A Single Mom's Letter to 'Single and Looking' I am a full-time single mom. I currently have full custody which means my babies are with me 100 percent of the time. This should be the warning sign that precedes meeting me. You know, the one you see before walking into a hazard zone
Eva Longoria Weighs In On Gloria Steinem Backlash \I stand on the shoulders of all of those women who've fought for us to be able to have an opinion.\
Marcia Clark Is Redeemed It had been nearly 20 years since the trial when Marcia Clark heard the news
'The Father Of Modern Gynecology' Practiced Experimental Surgery On Enslaved Black Women There are three statues in the United States honoring Dr. James Marion Sims, a 19th-century physician dubbed the father of
'Broad City' Broads On What It's Like To Always Be Asked About Being Broads Really, what *is* it like to be women in comedy?
The Woman Behind That 'Obama Girl' Viral Hit Is Now A Dancing 'Bernie Bae' \u2018Cause she\u2019s got a crush\u2026on Bernie Sanders.
If The Music Industry Were Run By Women If the music industry were\u00a0run by women, how would it be different? The Cut wandered the\u00a0Grammy Awards\u00a0after-parties last
7 Times Women In Hip-Hop Proved Kanye Wrong About The Word 'Bitch' Is it okay to use the word \bitch\ in hip-hop? That was the question on everyone's mind Friday while Kanye West was tweeting
More Proof That The Internet Isn't The Same For Men And Women An experiment broke down how men and women are really treated online.
The Insidious Myth Of The 'Unrapeable' Sex Worker If you have sex with a prostitute without her permission, is it rape or shoplifting?This is just one of the tasteless gags
13 Women Who Should Be Considered To Replace Justice Scalia Get ready for more Senate gridlock. After the sudden death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia on Saturday, it's up to
What Scalia's Death Means for Abortion Rights In This Country With Supreme Court justice Antonin Scalia's sudden death this weekend, the court's cases this term are suddenly in limbo
St. Vincent Has Given Female Guitarists A Fantastic Gift The music phenom promises her specially designed guitar has \room for a breast. Or two.\
Ryan Reynolds Debunks The Myth That Women Don't Like Superhero Movies \It's sort of funny that the studios are sometimes the last to know that.\
The Role Self-Awareness Plays in Love Folks, I know self-awareness is hard. It's one of the most difficult tasks I ever did in my life. Becoming self-aware is becoming vulnerable, and for some reason there's this stigma that being vulnerable is being weak.
Hillary Clinton Says She Supports Women Even If They Don\u2019t Support Her She addressed Madeleine Albright\u2019s controversial comments during Thursday night\u2019s debate.
\u2018There\u2019s An Image Problem\u2019 Don\u2019t date the nerd, \u201cbe the nerd\u201d, was Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg\u2019s advice last month. He was responding to a social
Watch Young Women Shut Down The Idea They \u2018Vote With Their Vaginas\u2019 For Good \Who do you think has cuter supporters? Hillary or Bernie?\
9 Women Explain Why They Like Donald Trump Donald Trump held his last rally before the New Hampshire primary at the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester. Temperatures
The 21 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant -- but succinct -- wisdom. Each week, HuffPost
'Broad City' Stars Shut Down Dumb Questions Like The Queens They Are \ud83d\udc51 Abbi Jacobson and Ilana Glazer were having *none* of it. \ud83d\udc51
A Message For Moms Of Single Women This is a very important PSA.
Voters Are Urging Democratic Debate Moderators To #AskAboutAbortion Democrats, it's time to address reproductive rights at a debate.
My High School Boyfriend, The Con Artist This week, the Cut brings you True Romance
What Dating Abroad Taught Me About Stateside Racism By the time I hit my mid-twenties, after years of dating both inside and outside of the United States, I came to a terrible
Watch Jessica Williams Shut Down Beyonc\u00e9 Haters On 'The Daily Show' Word to the wise
The 4 Most Feminist Moments Of Samantha Bee's Late-Night Debut \It's true, we're all witches.\
Jill Soloway Nailed Why Women Must Be In Control Of Their Own Stories The \Transparent\ creator says \movies are the male gaze.\
'The Bachelor' Is Designed To Fuel Girl-On-Girl Hate Leah's \villainous\ exit is exactly what \The Bachelor\ is set up to create.
A Very Clever Response To Anti-Abortion Protestors Clinic escorts in California showed they won\u2019t be intimidated by hate.
Tech Would Be Better If More Women Designed It Getting more women into the STEM workforce would lead to better performance and better products, according to global consultancy
Hillary Clinton On The Worst GOP Candidate For Women \If you look just at the question of reproductive health, it's clear just how dangerous -- really truly dangerous -- their ideas are.\
Men Did Most Of The Talking In 2016's Super Bowl Commercials An analysis shows women didn\u2019t speak in 64 percent of this year's spots.
Asian Women Take On White Male Privilege In Role-Reversing  Video It\u2019s funny because it\u2019s (sadly) so true.
Woman Speaks Out About Street Harassment, Gets Further Harassed Online \Get over yourself, you were being complimented and took it the wrong way.\
Newsflash Let's stop acting like millennials can't make thoughtful political choices.
Gloria Steinem Apologizes For Remarks About Young Female Sanders Supporters She made it clear she supports all young feminists.
Gloria Steinem Says Young Women Only Support Bernie Because Boys Do ... No.
Why Drunk in Love Only Works for Beyonce and How It May Be Getting You in Trouble I hear many single women in particular who are wanting lasting long-term partnership yet say they feel confused about attraction and dating.  Because of this. they often jump into sex before it is clear that they are even a fit.
When You Want to Stop Being Single Don't forget -- you are a person of many qualities and talents -- regardless of whether you have a partner or not. Don't judge your worth based on your relationship status.
Texas Women Use Less Birth Control, Have More Babies Since The State Defunded Planned Parenthood A little more than three years after Texas effectively defunded Planned Parenthood by cutting funding to any organization
Inside The Battle For Control Of Janet Jackson, 30 Years After 'Control' In the mid 1980s, Janet Jackson emerged as a symbol of young black feminism who would go on to shape two, or three, generations
The Outfit That Got This Woman Kicked Out Of Her School's Gym And the reasons are absurd.
Vlogger Shamed In Walmart Fitting Room Because She Might 'Stretch' Clothes The employee appears to tell her, \Just don't try to push it.\
'Feminine Women Only, No Hook-Ups' Not long ago I noticed a tweet someone I follow sent to HER, the queer women\u2019s dating app, that surprised me. HER responded
Woman Creates Fake Boyfriend On Instagram, Successfully Dupes Everyone It's as easy as 1, 2, 3, (4, 5) posts.
Former Sorority Sister Speaks Out About Girl-On-Girl Hate In Viral Video \I was so upset to see the way that women were treating other women.\
Former Staffer For Trump Campaign Files Sex Discrimination Complaint A female field organizer accused him of unequal pay.
Independent Lady Miss Piggy Says She Doesn't Need A Man But really, who does?
America Ferrera Never underestimate the power of women coming together.
I Don\u2019t Owe Anyone My Body After he left, I cursed myself for wearing that skirt. Was it too suggestive? Did it give him the wrong idea? I never should
Legitimate Proof That Donald Trump Supporters Make Terrible Dates Survey finds Trump fans are way more likely to expect sex on a first date and talk about their exes.
Here's What Single Women Are Looking For In A Presidential Candidate Support for reproductive rights and equal pay, for a start.
Should We Name Workplace Predators Online? Finally, I thought when I saw\u00a0Amber Coffman\u2019s tweets\u00a0last week. Coffman, a musician known for her work with the Dirty Projectors
Kerry Washington The 'Scandal' actress says it's important to see abortion on screen.
Model Responds To Dudes Who Send Her Dick Pics By Telling Their Girlfriends \I think women need to stick together.\
Why This Woman Made A Feminist Comedy About Bulimia Jessie Kahnweiler's \The Skinny\ gets honest about eating disorders -- and so much more.
The March For Life's New Message \u200bThe movement wants people to think that opposition to abortion is a feminist issue.
What Happened When One Woman Got Real About Mental Health A new project encourages people to share their stories -- and struggles.
For All The BFFs With Zero Boundaries Because who else will keep you company when you're peeing?
Meet Hollis Wong-Wear And Jamila Woods, The Women Of Color Behind Macklemore's 'White Privilege II' Macklemore and Ryan Lewis have released an eight-minute song featuring Jamila Woods, \u201cWhite Privilege II,\u201d about white privilege
Female Lawmakers In Kansas Are Not Having It With This Bulls**t Dress Code \Oh, for crying out loud, what century is this?\
Bernie Sanders Must Deliver More Than Platitudes About Abortion When we talk about abortion, everything we say -- and the way that we choose to say it -- has an impact. And in a time when
Texas Law Brought Surge In Self-Induced Abortions Reproductive rights advocates are shining a light on the disastrous effects that Texas\u2019 omnibus abortion law has had on women
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant -- but succinct -- wisdom. Each week, HuffPost
Desperate For Abortion Care, Women In Texas Are Pawning Their Wedding Rings When we talk about the way American women are rapidly losing the ability to govern their own bodies, it's necessary to resort
Are We All Aware Of Oklahoma's Bananas 'Informed Consent' Abortion Law? On Wednesday, every licensed physician in the state of Oklahoma received an\u00a0email from the Oklahoma Medical Board reminding
Most Stories About Reproductive Issues Are Written By Men \Stories that primarily affect women are still largely being told by men.\
Rapper Killer Mike Calls On Men To Fight Sexual Harassment In The Music Industry \I stand in solidarity with the women that have spoke out.\
Musician's Story Of Sexual Harassment Prompts Other Women To Come Forward At least eight women have now accused a prominent music publicist of harassment.
NBC Found Time To Ask About Bill Clinton\u2019s Sex Life, But Not About Hillary Clinton\u2019s New Defense Of Abortion Rights It no longer comes as news that the Democratic Party has committed political malpractice by making the primary debates between
Rachel Bloom Nails The 'Contradictory Messages' Women Face Every Day \Be honest, but don't be too honest. Look fresh-faced and young, but don't tell us how you got there.\
Men Making Movies About Men The writers, directors and producers who make films that fail the Bechdel Test.
Standing Up To Sexual Harassment And Assault In L.A.\u2019s Comedy Scene One night last fall in Los Angeles, two rising comedians met each other for drinks. The situation could\u2019ve been awkward, since
The Moment That Pushed Hillary Clinton To Become An Advocate For Women \Give more women the chance for education, healthcare, for employment, for whatever it is that they dream to do.\
Viola Davis \[By TV standards] if you are anywhere above a size two, you're not having sex.\
See How Our Country Is Failing Women In One Simple Map The U.S. got a D+ in reproductive rights.
NYC Mayor Defends Idea That Women Should Use 'Buddy System' To Avoid Assault \I think it falls under the broad rubric...of people being vigilant, being careful in what they do.\
How To Make Sex Work Safer In 2016 Crazy hours. Chasing dollars. Constantly laying yourself open for strangers. Freelance journalism is pretty similar to prostitution
13 Hot Dudes With Kittens To Make Your Day Better Right Meow Being this cute should be a feline-y.\ud83d\ude3b
Ciara Was Slut-Shamed For Wearing A Floor-Length Gown With A Cape Calm down, people. They're just boobs.
This Is Why You Don't Look Up Your High School Crush On The Internet Proof nothing good comes from Facebook stalking.
Stop Suggesting Lena Dunham Is Voting For Clinton Because She's A Woman \This assumption is condescending at best and it is sharply misogynistic at worst.\u201d
Hillary Clinton Has No Time For Bullsh*t About The 'Gender Card' \Deal me in,\ she said, during a speech to Planned Parenthood.
This New App Could Revolutionize The Way Women Get Birth Control It's like Uber for birth control.
Raped By A Cop, Then Forced To Relive It For five years, Lindsay F. relived the night she was brutally raped by Jose Rigoberto Sanchez, then a Los Angeles County
Genius Woman Uses Yelp To Rate Her Dates Turns out the music of \Hamilton\ can make you question loving anything more.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant -- but succinct -- wisdom. Each week, HuffPost
Watch This Woman Bravely Face Her Disorder By Shaving Her Head Rebecca Brown gets real about struggling with Trichotillomania.
The Little Pink Pill That Started A Feminist War Last October, the first medication designed to treat low sexual desire in women hit the market. Depending on who you believe
#DearDebbie, Millennial Women Aren't 'Complacent' About Reproductive Rights \Does waking up at 5 AM to clinic escort make me complacent?\
The Pay Gap May Contribute To Women's Anxiety And Depression Yet another reason to hate it.
Jennifer Lawrence \What harm comes from supplying people with birth control, condoms, Pap smears, and cancer screenings?\
It's Now A Whole Lot Easier For Women In Oregon To Get Birth Control \We don't have to hold women hostage for their birth control.\
Athlete Tells Reporter 'Don't Blush, Baby' After Asking Her Out On Air \ud83d\ude12
A Comprehensive List of All The Women Who've Gotten Rich Off Of Accusing Celebrities Like Cosby Of Rape ... ...
Men Are Twice As Likely To Love Their Bodies As Women A new survey breaks down how men and women really feel about their bodies over their lifetimes.
20 Things To Stop Giving A Sh*t About In 2016 \Let it goooooo! Let it gooooo!\
Legal Action Against Bill Cosby Is Still Important, Even With His Career In Shambles In a neat and unexpected twist of justice, one of the first women who publicly accused Bill Cosby of sexual assault may be
A Few Of 2015's Best Comedic Moments, Courtesy Of Hollywood's Funniest Women 2016 has some big shoes to fill.
Feminism Isn't Just A Fad -- And That's Why So Many Anti-Feminists Are Angry The movement for gender equality is so deeply embedded in our culture that even those who deride it as a \u2018trend\u2019 are scared of its staying power
This Poet Breaks Down The Importance Of Missy Elliott's Hip-Hop Feminism Representation is important.
Comedian Writes About Abusive Relationship In Moving Instagram Post \I'm allowing this to be part of my story.\
Approved Catcalls YOUR MIND IS BEAUTIFUL, YOUR BODY STRONG, AND I WANT TO BUY YOU A BURRITO, IF YOU\u2019D LIKE. IF NOT, B-). SORRY IT LOOKED LIKE
Donald Trump Thinks Hillary Clinton Is Playing 'The Woman Card' This is how you dismiss a well-recorded history of sexism, apparently.
'Men Who Bern' Calendar Is The Sexiest Way To Support Bernie Sanders #FeelTheBern
9 Powerful Warnings About Womanhood To Teenage Girls \u201cThe world is trying to kill you. It is trying to do this by stealing your voice. Kill it back.\u201d
To Shave or Not to Shave What do images of women's bodies in television, movies, and advertisements have in common? They all present women's bodies as naturally hairless, as though the model did not wake up with stubble on her underarms and legs that morning, like all other women.
Biology Doesn't Write Laws People may think that women no longer face sexism in media or politics when they speak, but that ignores the very obvious fact that even before women say anything they have already, in split seconds, jumped through hundreds of \what if I said something about sexism\ hoops.
The Wage Gap Closed By A Whopping One Cent In 2015 Progress?
Why You Should Always Buy The Men's Version Of Almost Anything Radio Flyer sells a red scooter for boys and a pink scooter for girls. Both feature plastic handlebars, three wheels and
What Millennial Women Really Want From Santa... Baby We fa la la la love this holiday parody.
How Did America Get So 'Pussified'? Everyone knows America has been going down the tubes for years\u2014decades, actually. Generations, even. But what if, all along
Watch Tina Fey And Amy Poehler Give Brilliant Advice To Women Everywhere \ud83d\udc6d
America\u2019s Gun Problem Has Everything To Do With America's Masculinity Problem After US president Obama\u2019s call for restrictions on assault weapons on Dec. 6, Americans went gun shopping. That Monday, The
The History Of Tina Fey And Amy Poehler\u2019s Best Friendship A wonderful piece of herstory.
This Is How The Republican Presidential Candidates Talk About Women So much ugh.
17 Times You Wish You Could Be A Kid Instead Of An Adult Woman Because adulting is overrated.
Planned Parenthood President Blasts Congress' 'Hostility Toward Women' Cecile Richards was shocked by the misogyny present in our legislature.
Women With Access To Abortion Have More Positive Views On Life A new study suggests that abortion access allows women to have \aspirational\ one-year plans.
\u2018Get Home Safe,\u2019 My Rapist Said \u201cI want to make sure you get home safe,\u201d my rapist said, as he walked me to my car. It was after 2 a.m., the Sunday before
Woman Charged With Attempted Murder In Failed Coat Hanger Abortion MURFREESBORO, Tenn. (AP) \u2014 A Tennessee woman is charged with attempted first-degree murder for what investigators say was
Abortion Rate Hits Record Low In The U.S. Pregnancies among women under 30 have also dramatically declined.
28 Pieces From 2015 That Should Be Required Reading For Women Add these to your list, stat.
What Consent Means To Men -- And Why They\u2019re Still Too Scared To Talk About It Too often these days, conversations around consent are shut down before they can even start. Violence against women is on
Emotional Justice When she was a small child in the 1960s, Esther Armah\u2019s home was turned into a battlefield without warning. The daughter
5 Christmas Songs That Will Add A Dash Of Sexism To Your Holidays Baby, it may be cold outside, but please respect my boundaries, OK? \ud83c\udf85\ud83c\udf84
Going Against the Flow 
Why It's So Surprising That One Of The San Bernardino Shooters Was Female She doesn't fit the profile, but that doesn't mean our stereotypes are off base.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant -- but succinct -- wisdom. Each week, HuffPost
A Conversation With Black Women On Race In this short documentary, black women talk about the challenges they face in society.
Donald Trump Probably Just Disappointed A Lot Of Conservatives On Abortion The GOP front-runner won't say whether he'd push to overturn Roe v. Wade.
Two More James Deen Accusers Come Forward With Stories Porn stars Amber Rayne and Kora Peters tell The Daily Beast\u2019s Aurora Snow about how Deen violated them on set, bringing the
How The Planned Parenthood Attack Could Reverse The Politics Of Abortion On November 13, the Supreme Court agreed to hear Whole Woman\u2019s Health v. Cole, a challenge to Texas\u2019s 2013 omnibus abortion
Birth Control Access Is Far From An 'Utterly Made-Up Nonsense Issue' Do better, Ted Cruz.
Cancer Patient Outlives Doctor's Prognosis By More Than 18 Years When Kristin Johnson St. Goddard was diagnosed with stage 4 breast cancer, her doctors told her, essentially, to get her
Little Girls Honor Inspiring Women With Coolest Dress-Up Party Ever Mini Viola, Hillary and Beyonc\u00e9 are serving up some serious girl power.
What Women Actually Say To Each Other In a culture that often underrates female friendships, a new book of conversations between two friends is invaluable.
Jessica Jones Marvel\u2019s superhero drama shows the after-effects of trauma, exploitation and abuse, with smart and subtle things to say about the way guilt affects the lives of the victims, and how exploitation corrupts the exploiter.
The 'Acts Of Terrorism' Planned Parenthood Staff Have Come To Expect Going to work at Planned Parenthood every day is an act of bravery.
'Jessica Jones' Uses Superheroes To Expose The Terror Of Domestic Abuse What happens when a strong woman is controlled by a sadistic, violent man.
What Little Boys Hear When We Tell Them To 'Be A Man' There\u2019s more to manliness than \u201cbeing strong.\u201d
When Toxic Masculinity Meets Anti-Abortion Panic The Planned Parenthood shooting was terrifying, but not surprising.
In Praise Of Adele, My Fat, Flawless Heroine This weekend, Saturday Night Live ran what was\u00a0not the first sketch to tackle the idea of Adele\u2019s universal appeal. The premise
Breaking Uniform I have two wardrobes. One is the clothes I wear every day, mostly dark denim, black t-shirts, and for special occasions, dress
Women Are Starting To Drink As Much As Men New report shows that in the U.S. the drinking gender gap is closing.
Here's Why Apologizing By Text Is Different From Saying Sorry In Person We spend an average of three hours each day fixated on our phones. And all that quality time with those tiny screens, MIT
Ava DuVernay On Her Biggest Frustration With Hollywood \It gets into the DNA of how we treat each other, the policies we make, what we're able to say and do to each other.\
Apple Exec Apologizes After Mansplaining Music To Women Yikes.
Donna Karan Opens Up About Having An Abortion In 1973 \I said, 'I really think this is what I have to do.'\
'Why I Provide Abortions' In public health, you go where the crisis is. If there is an outbreak and you have the ability to relieve suffering, you
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant -- but succinct -- wisdom. Each week, HuffPost
Plight Of The Funny Female A few years ago, Laura Mickes was teaching her regular undergraduate class on childhood psychological disorders at the University
Texas Women Are Inducing Their Own Abortions \I didn\u2019t have any money to go to San Antonio or Corpus [Christi]. I didn\u2019t even have any money to get across town ... I
This Spoken Word Poem Is The Ultimate Love Letter To Selfies \Today millions of girls loved themselves in the face of a world that tells them not to.\
On Gawker's Problem With Women On July 16, Gawker.com published a tabloid story about a male escort\u2019s thwarted dalliance with a media executive. It did
Thinx Period-Proof Underwear Ads Called Too 'Offensive' For Taxi TVs Here we go again.
Powerful Video Reveals What No One Tells You About Sexual Assault \It happened to me, but I am not alone.\
The Stealth Attack On Abortion Access A year ago, a mother and self-described \u201cGod-fearing woman\u201d called me after she had an abortion. She said that earlier, when
Woman Shuts Down Dude Who Demanded $5 Back For Coffee Date Dear men, this is how NOT to respond to rejection.
Patricia Arquette Says Her Oscar Speech Was Meant To Be Inclusive Of 'All Women' The actress says she was \really sad about\ minority women feeling excluded from her acceptance speech.
What Mothers Shouldn\u2019t Have To Warn Their Daughters About Womanhood \Beware, you will encounter your sexuality far before you are old enough to understand it.\
Record Share Of Young Women Now Living With Relatives The number tops the previous high set in 1940.
Sorry, Kate Winslet, It May Be \u2018Vulgar\u2019 But We Do Need To Talk About Salary Just like parents need to have that awkward sex talk with their kids, coworkers need to have that same awkward pay talk with each other.
Detroit Businesswomen Team Up To Get Rape Kits Tested In 2009, a Wayne County assistant prosecuting attorney noticed thousands of rape kits stacked on the shelves of a Detroit
Watch This YouTube Fitness Star Fearlessly Take On Cyberbullies Want to leave mean comments for Cassey Ho? Think again.
Reading Like A Tomboy This fall I\u2019m embarking on my first-ever \u201cWrite Like a Girl\u201d Workshop, working with students aged 10 to 14 to determine what
12 Pieces Of Poignant Wisdom From 2015's Glamour Women Of The Year \Inspiration is the greatest gift women can give other women.\
Sharon Stone Says The Gender Pay Gap Is Like 'Economic Blackmail' Yes, yes, yes.
The Bernie Bros Vs. The Hillarybots Bubbling intra-left conflict over Hillary Clinton has washed over the internet, with the most recent fracas concerning the
18 Spot-On Illustrations To Get You Through Your Quarter-Life Crisis \I'm on a juice cleanse and it's going to be fine. The juice is fermented... Okay it's just wine.\
Diane Lane \I believe that the female perspective is a very healing and circumspect one, and we have a right to equal voice.\
Watch Feminists Swiftly Shatter Stereotypes About Themselves \I'm a feminist, but not because it's trendy.\
How To Compliment A Guy These are things I have said to women I don\u2019t know
'Why I Had An Abortion' I had two days to make the hardest decision of my life, together with my husband and doctors. In two decades I\u2019ve shared
Sara Bareilles Wants Her Female Fans 'To Learn How To Love Themselves' \I have a lot of young female fans, and young women are really important to me.\
Pastor Says A Woman Doesn't Have 'The Right Over Her Own Body' \It all belongs to God.\
Ruth Bader Ginsburg Fans Share Why They Dissent In Perfect Tribute Lena Dunham and Wendy Davis showed some love for \Notorious RBG.\
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant -- but succinct -- wisdom. Each week, HuffPost
Reese Witherspoon \Women want to see the truth. They don't want to see some perfect girl.\
It's Time To Do Away With The Concept Of 'Manhood' Altogether Men are pretty terrible people. They commit significantly more violent crimes, robberies and assaults each year than women
A Disabled Woman\u2019s Struggle Is Any Woman\u2019s Struggle \u2018The most pressing issues faced by disabled women are the ones faced by most women, except that when you\u2019re disabled, it
The Struggle Is Real For These Dudes Explaining Female Contraceptives Nice try, guys.
Why Ivanka Trump Can Offer Her Dad Only Limited Support Before Donald Trump formally announced his presidential candidacy in June, his 33-year-old daughter Ivanka Trump told CNBC
Fox Invites 'Panel Of Dads' To Judge Whether Women Should Wear Leggings This seems like a very productive use of time.
Ancient Medicine And Fetal Personhood Last year Alabama passed HB494, a law that increased parental consent regulations for minors seeking abortions\u200a -- \u200ain the
Woman's Haunting Self-Portraits Pair Bob Dylan Lyrics With Texts From Her Abusive Ex \It took months for me to admit, even to myself, that what he did to me was rape.\
15 Photos Of Hot Dudes Supporting Bernie Sanders To Make You #FeelTheBern It's bernin' up in here.
Woman Takes Down Planned Parenthood Protesters With 'Yeast Infections' Chant All hail our new shero.
Why Does The Shaming And Harassment Of Women Always Go Viral? On Tuesday, a video of a boy and a girl went viral. In the clip, he is seen to shout \u201chey ladies\u201d to two female cyclists
I Was A Fundamentalist Christian Until I Discovered Feminist Writers I knew three things for sure in my childhood
Code Words For Spinster Throughout History Porch witch Hearth mistress Parish foot-maid Alms-eyes
You Can Be Whatever Princess (Or Prince) You Want This Halloween A makeup artist shows just how irrelevant race and gender are when it comes to dressing up.
Why Sex That\u2019s Consensual Can Still Be Bad. And Why We\u2019re Not Talking About It. Last winter, Reina Gattuso was a Harvard senior majoring in literature and gender studies and writing a biweekly column for
Sexism In The Kitchen In\u00a0June Kate Burnham, an up-and-coming pastry chef at Weslodge, a popular Toronto restaurant, filed a claim with the Ontario
12 Things 'Now And Then' Taught Us About Womanhood, 20 Years Later The bonds of female friendship are timeless.
The Sex Lives Of College Students It would seem to be a pretty confusing time to be a college student, at least as far as sex is concerned. The sexual revolution
Gabby Giffords This is why gun violence is a women's issue.
16 Poignant Photos Show What A Domestic Violence Shelter Really Looks Like In conversations around domestic violence, a \shelter\ so often becomes an abstract symbol -- of both desperation and optimism
Ermahgerddon In March 2012, 23-year-old Maggie Goldenberger was in the middle of a six-month trip to India and the Philippines with her
Rooney Mara Is Sick Of Opinionated Women Being Called 'Spoiled Brats And B*tches\u2019 \We just want to have a voice in our life.\
New Burlesque Documentary Shows Just How Powerful Getting Naked Can Be \u201cWe\u2019re all there doing exactly what we want, not just getting naked -- we\u2019re there expressing ourselves completely.\
Millennial Women Are Actually Pretty Optimistic About Workplace Equality Poll suggests young working women don't see as many barriers to success as those who came before.
I Was Diagnosed With Breast Cancer And Decided To Do Nothing In August of 2007 I went to the doctor for a checkup. My doctor recommended a mammogram because my mother had recently been
Why Binge-Watching 'Law And Order' Is A Great Idea, According To Science Olivia Benson might just influence your beliefs about sexual assault.
How to Stop People Pleasing in 6 Simple Steps You know, I bet we burn more calories wondering what other people are thinking about us, or doing things for other people so that they will like us, than we do actually exercising. And to make matters worse, it totally burns us out.
What It's Really Like To Be A Homeless Woman In Your 20s \I knew if we broke up, I wouldn't have anyone or anywhere to go.\
Many School Shooters, One Common Factor As debate rages over gun control, media portrayals of shooters, and other factors, one topic doesn't get enough discussion, those who study mass shootings say
Toddler Gets Why We Need Planned Parenthood Better Than Some Adults \We can do everything with our own body.\
What Happened When This Writer Matched With Martin Shkreli On Tinder She had a lot more to talk about than a date.
Now You Can 'Send Congress Your Uterus' Let legislators know that you don't appreciate being told what to do with your body.
Amber Rose Delivers Impassioned Speech About The First Time She Was Slut-Shamed \I decided to have this slut walk for women who have been through sh*t.\
Lady Gaga's New Video Aims To Break The Silence Of Rape 
Why My Daughter's Nursery Will Be Pink 
The Body Always Remembers \u201cTo be a woman in pain is to be hysterical or invisible.\
Atlanta Mayor Urges Men To Speak Out Against Sexual Assault The \Take a Stand\ campaign is making sexual assault prevention a top priority.
This Club Lets Women Party Without Fear Of Objectification Welcome to the Catnip Club.
Rowan Blanchard Has Zero Time For Reporters Who Ask Girls About Dieting \Nobody my age should be dieting or trying to change themselves because society says so.\
Couple's Friendly Twitter War Shows Solo Sex Is Better Than FIFA She's the one who scored here.
Dove Reminds Young Girls They Don't Need To Change A Thing To Feel Beautiful Sadly, girls start dealing with self-esteem struggles at a young age.
Does 'Scream Queens' Creator Ryan Murphy Have A Woman Problem? Tired tropes about women shouldn't be celebrated.
Kerry Washington Says Shonda Rhimes Is 'The Best Boss On The Planet' Kerry + Shonda = BFF4Ever
'They Told Me It Never Happened' What\u2019s at stake when police arrest women who they believe falsely reported rape? For Lara McLeod, it was her reputation, her mental health, and maybe even her baby nephew\u2019s life.
Moms And Daughters Talk About How Planned Parenthood Made Their Relationships Stronger When I was 14, my mother and I went to Planned Parenthood together to attend a comprehensive sex ed class. She'd figured
Why Aren't We Inspired By Hillary Clinton? It was an unseasonably warm night in Chicago. On Tuesday, November 4, 2008, nearly a quarter of a million people -- young
Why Women Are Rallying The FDA To Pull This Contraceptive Device Essure's safety has come under fire.
Activist Lizzie Velasquez Knows Beauty Isn't Skin Deep After being labeled the \world's ugliest woman,\ she's learned to reconsider traditional beauty standards.
Shonda Rhimes Hopes Her Daughters Have Amazing Sex When They Grow Up \I hope my daughters grow up to have amazing sex. I really do.\
The Shaming Women Can Expect When They Open Up About Abortion It's time to end the secrecy about our childbearing choices -- including abortion. Here's how to answer the shamers.
Airman Gets Heartwarming Welcome Home From Sorority Sisters So. Much. Sisterhood.
25 Famous Women On Writing Their Own Stories Whether writing a memoir, personal essay, confessional blog post, or private journal, examining your own life is far from
How The Supreme Court Could Destroy Reproductive Rights In One Term Less than a year from now, Roe v. Wade could be all-but-dead. Employers, health providers, and pharmacists could gain sweeping
Director Nancy Meyers It's NOT complicated
Wendy Davis Nails The Hypocrisy Of Some Anti-Abortion Rhetoric \We're literally forcing women into being childbearing vessels.\
11 Reasons To Get On Board With Shonda Night It's Shonda's world, and we're all just living in it.
Elizabeth Rodriguez Says Working With Women 'Adds A Level Of Pride And Joy' \You\u2019re not just working with women, you\u2019re doing great work with women.\
A Brief History Of Viola Davis\u2019 Inspiring Speeches Last night, when Viola Davis made history as the first black woman to win an Emmy for Outstanding Actress in a Drama, she
The Huffington Post Is Hiring Story Editors For The Voices Department Location
10 Moments For Women At The 2015 Emmys That Had Us Cheering \I love funny women. I love funny, powerful women.\
3 Women Tell The Kinds Of Abortion Stories We Never Hear We're at the center of another national debate about whether the federal government should fund Planned Parenthood. One side's
9 Things I Learned During A Year Of First Dates Online dating taught me more about myself than it did about men.
Without Scars I look around and I see my friends building technologies that make life easier for abusers. I am overwhelmingly sad thinking
Why Patricia Arquette Says We're 'Lying To Our Daughters When We Tell Them They Can Do Anything' The actress speaks out against the gender wage gap in Silicon Valley.
Spot-On Video Sums Up The Annoying Moments Women Aren't Taken Seriously \ud83d\ude12
No One Thinks To Call It Rape When You're A Sex Worker I wouldn\u2019t say that I was raped that night, but that\u2019s not because I can\u2019t be. And just in that sad assertion -- that someone
8 Things The GOP Debate Got Wrong About Abortion And Planned Parenthood No, abortion is not the same as slavery. \ud83d\ude12
Powerful Video Looks At The True Cost Of Campus Rape With the help of a new video, a women's advocacy organization wants to inform the public of the long-term impact campus rape
Gabrielle Union \There's a certain amount of shame that is placed on women who have perhaps chosen a career over starting a family younger.\
Kim Cattrall The SATC star speaks out.
Woman Calls Out Sexist LinkedIn Message, Gets Branded A 'Feminazi' \I won't be silenced.\
Clueless Dudes Try To Understand Tampons In Hysterical Video In \Men Explain Tampons\ from Facts., men awkwardly inspect women's sanitary products, everything from tampons to sanitary
Watch These High School Sweethearts Decide If Love Can Last Long Distance \u201cEven if you know there\u2019s something that might not last, it\u2019s still beautiful to have in the moment.\u201d
What It's Really Like To Be A Female SVU Detective Life in the NYPD is something that's highly regarded in pop culture (thank you, Dick Wolf, for 25 wonderful years of Law
Donald Trump Gets Womansplained On Planned Parenthood \We have to take care of people.\
The War On Women Is Over -- And Women Lost WHEN SHE WAS 20 YEARS OLD, Renee Chelian began every Friday with a predawn drive to an airplane hangar outside Detroit. There
Brave Beauty Vlogger Reveals That She's Partially Paralyzed With Empowering Message \I can\u2019t dress myself or do my own hair. So to be able to do my own makeup is my thing.\
Connie Britton Reveals Her Best Beauty Secret... Feminism! A reminder to #AskHerMore, y'all.
The 'Dear Fat People' Video Is Tired, Cruel And Lazy -- But I Still Fight For The Woman Who Made It I didn\u2019t know who Nicole Arbour was until this past weekend, when everyone I\u2019ve ever met including my childhood dentist and
Reality Star Points Out Everything Wrong With YouTuber's Viral Fat-Shaming Video \Your weight does not measure your worth.\
The Ray Rice Video Changed How We Talk About Domestic Violence Looking back at the #WhyIStayed viral movement a year later.
Around Labor Day Weekend Years Ago, I Made the Boldest Decision of My 15-year-old Life My surprise over first hearing about this case was not that there was an assault on campus, but that there was a young woman brave enough to come forward. That further begs the question, \What are we teaching our young men?\
How Stay-at-Home Moms Can \Opt Back In\ to Work 
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant -- but succinct -- wisdom. Each week, HuffPost
Men Consume, Women Are Consumed Last week, federal agents arrested the founder and five staffers of male escort site Rentboy.com. Two days later, GQ published
After A Woman Was Slut-Shamed Online, Her Friends Had An Amazing Response #SexualViolenceWontBeSilenced
The Politics Of N.W.A. And Hip Hop Feminism \Straight Outta Compton,\ the biopic of hip-hop group N.W.A., seems to have struck a nerve amid a steady stream of highly
Searching For Sugar Daddy Do you ever see a super-old, super-rich guy out on the town with a super-young girl who's super out of his league and wonder
The Bod Of The Father \The dad bod dad is not so much a person as an organizational principle of patriarchy.\
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant -- but succinct -- wisdom. Each week, HuffPost
Almost None Of The Women In The Ashley Madison Database Ever Used The Site When hacker group Impact Team released the Ashley Madison data, they asserted that \u201cthousands\u201d of the women\u2019s profiles were
This Teacher Is Being Harassed Because She Works As An Abortion Clinic Escort Shana Broder has been an elementary school teacher for over two decades. For the last year and a half, she has spent her
Stop Looking For A Single Reason Men Commit Public Shootings The scary truth behind American gun violence? It's on all of us.
The Job Of An Abortion Doula The word \doula\ is evocative of the birthing process. And, over the last decade, it has also been extended to include the
Meet The Woman Who Helped Take Down Jared Fogle Following a month-long federal investigation, former Subway spokesperson Jared Fogle entered a plea deal Wednesday for child
Dear Anna Duggar (and Women Everywhere) To say that Josh Duggar has had a bad year is perhaps an understated assessment, but to talk solely about Josh is to undermine and trivialize the real victims of Mr. Duggar's choices. You know who has had it worse than Josh? His wife, Anna.
There Are Anti-Abortion Stickers On Arizona Science Textbooks \I wonder how the girls felt about it in class.\
Gloria Steinem Marches On A journalist from Ohio who once went undercover at Hugh Hefner\u2019s Playboy Club for a story, Gloria Steinem emerged in the
We Need To Stop Telling Women That Relationships Mean Compromise I am not very confident in my cooking skills. So when I invited a new friend from work round to my house for dinner, I spent
The Feminist\u2019s Case For Bernie Sanders Hillary Clinton\u2019s status as the Democratic front-runner is an exciting feminist moment on a symbolic level
Subway Jared And The Case Of The Abusive 'Nice Guy' His name is Jared. Fifteen years ago, Americans welcomed the Indianapolis native into their homes and hearts, inspired by
How Texas Could Set National Template For Limiting Abortion Access Efforts to defund Planned Parenthood and calls for tighter abortion laws at the Republican presidential debate have moved
Why Am I Really Wearing This Dress? Gendered clothing is a huge facet of our society. It was only in the past hundred years that a woman wearing pants was considered
Eating Disorder Survivor Bravely Undresses In Public To Promote Body Love \u201cI\u2019m standing for anyone who has struggled with an eating disorder or self-esteem issue like me.\
The Politics Of Presidential Dieting The annual political pilgrimage to the Iowa State Fair, which kicked off this week in earnest, promises to be a trying time
Understanding Men? There May Be No Real Answers I have come to believe that there really are no hard and fast rules. So for now, I'll tinker with my hobby
How To Accept Kindness Just take the compliment.
How Performing Topless Made Tig Notaro Feel Empowered The comic says performing shirtless became a pick-me-up after her double mastectomy.
This Artist Photographed 109 Women To Redefine 'Femininity' Because it's so much more than prettiness.
Men Need Friends Though I am loath to admit boys beating girls at just about anything, when the topic is coming-of-age films, the seminal
Ronda Rousey On Overcoming An Eating Disorder And Making It In A Male-Dominated World The queen of MMA speaks.
The Big Secret of Abortion \u201cI gave birth to two premature kids,\u201d said California\u2019s Barbara Boxer on the Senate floor last week, during the debate over
Dear Donald Trump, Periods Are Not An Insult It's time to think up some new taunts.
People Really Don't Know That Women Actually Invented Things Now's your chance to learn.
Yes, Most People You Know Are Probably Sexting And that may be a good thing.
A Woman\u2019s Guide To Running For Political Office First, have a modeling career. During your candidacy and after you take office, the press will thoroughly cover your physical
6 Reasons It Was So Frustrating To Watch The GOP Debate As A Woman Oh, what a time to be alive and a lady.
Salma Hayek The actress tells HuffPost Live executives don't like her strong opinions.
I'm The Heaviest I've Ever Been And I Just Bought My First Crop Top When I was 15 years old, I wore a white crop-top. I actually don't remember how it came into my possession, my wardrobe being
Watch This Comedian Skewer Anti-Abortion Logic Cameron Esposito for president.
This Is What Planned Parenthood Has Actually Done For People Contrary to what anti-abortion Republicans trying to defund Planned Parenthood\u00a0may want you to believe, the organization
Kate Mara As a female scientist super hero, Sue Storm is a rare figure in the action movie landscape.
Camille Cosby\u2019s Loyalty Confounds A New Generation By the time I was born, my great-grandparents had been married for 50 years. Their stoic, straight-backed photographs hung
25 Famous Women On Being In Charge There are badass females ruling from the top in many industries (see
A Meaningful Video For All Of Us Who Do. Not. Want A Relationship Relationship status
Woman Takes Down Body-Shaming Troll With A Delicious Hashtag Body positivity? Piece of cake.
This Device Could Make Remembering To Take The Pill Way Easier Check your texts.
\u2018UnREAL\u2019 Director On Why \u2018White Men\u2019 Shouldn\u2019t Be Hollywood\u2019s Only Storytellers \u201cWe\u2019ve already tried having only white men tell our stories.\
25 Things Your Girlfriends Do For You Like No One Else Can 9. Retake that selfie three times because your hair just didn't look right in it.\u00a0 10. Hang out with you in the bathroom
Ray Rice Doesn\u2019t Deserve A Second Chance In The NFL A pro football career should not be a reward for a domestic abuser\u2019s contrition.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant -- but succinct -- wisdom. Each week, HuffPost
YouTube Star Shuts Down Grammatically-Challenged Trolls With Epic Song Go read a dictionary, trolls.
When Cancer Triggers (Or Hides) An Eating Disorder As Kathleen Emmets was undergoing cancer treatment in New York over the past few years, her weight began to drop. Even though
Do You Have An Uber Love Story? We Want To Hear It! UberPool might be the ultimate matchmaker.
Men Watch Their Girlfriends Get Catcalled And (Understandably) Get Pissed \That\u2019s so messed up.\
After Outcry, Instagram Brings #Curvy Back \We won\u2019t be perfect, but we will be thoughtful.\
This Prank Is Proof That We All Blindly 'Like' Engagement Photos This is how you cheat the system.
Woman Dominates Body-Shamers With Brave Before-And-After Photos Women's bodies are scrutinized at every\u00a0shape and size. Society's skewed\u00a0standards of beauty can lead women to believe they're
The Inspiring Way One Woman Learned To Embrace Her Scars In January, Michelle Elman\u00a0made a promise to herself to wear a bikini despite the hurtful comments people made about her
Jill Soloway Has A Simple Fix For Ending Hollywood Sexism How does Hollywood fix its pesky sexism problem? According to Jill Soloway, allow women to tell their own stories. \u00a0 At a
Bill Cosby Lawyers Blast Media Over Assault, Drugging Reports Cosby's legal team argue that he did not confess to rape in newly uncovered testimony, and tried to dilute his admission to using drugs in his sexual pursuits.
Hillary Clinton Fully Understands Your Struggle To Get Ready In The Morning Hillary Clinton knows just how annoying it is to waste time in front of the mirror every morning perfecting your \work
'The Bachelorette' Exposed The Vile Harassment Women Face Online Welcome to being a woman with an opinion and a sexual identity on the Internet.
Men Who Harass Women Online Have Inferiority Complexes, Study Suggests Academic studies can be fascinating... and totally confusing. So we decided to strip away all of the scientific jargon and
Petition Calls For Target To Remove T-Shirt That 'Perpetuates Rape Culture' \We are not THINGS -- we are human beings.\
Politician Calls Out Journalist Who Asked About Her Weight Labour leadership candidate Liz Kendall is fed up with the way some journalists treat female politicians.\u00a0 In a story for
Hashtag Asking 'What Women Love' Takes Excellent, Feminist Turn Twitter users are dropping truth bombs about what women love.\u00a0 Indian mobile phone company Karbonn started the #WhatWomenLove
Bill Cosby Details Sexual Pursuits In Graphic Deposition He was not above seducing a young model by showing interest in her father\u2019s cancer. He promised other women his mentorship
An Eating Disorder Nearly Took Her Life. Yoga Helped Her Reclaim It. \I wanted to wither away. I wanted to exist on nothing. I wanted to prove that I didn\u2019t need anything or anyone.\
This Awesome Instagram Account Shows The Value Of Women's Voices A new Instagram account is raising awareness about women's issues.\u00a0 Molly Williams, a 20-year-old college student, illustrates
For Hillary Clinton, Feminism And Economic Policy Go Hand In Hand This presidential cycle, leftier-than-thou liberals wary of Hillary Clinton are at least backing decent human being Bernie
Tennessee Anti-Drunk Driving Campaign Blasted For Sexist Message An anti-drunk driving campaign in Tennessee has received a lot of negative feedback for its sexist message. According to
This Guy's Instagram Account Is The Definition Of #ThirdWheelGoals The more the merrier!
This Woman Flawlessly Responded To Her Boyfriend's Fat-Shaming Haters The Internet can be a cruel place. Luckily, people like Ashley Stevens know how to take that hatred and turn it on its head
Are We Finally Ready To Publicly Celebrate Female Desire? From \Magic Mike XXL\ to Nicki Minaj, pop culture is finally recognizing that women deserve sexual pleasure.
Amy Poehler's 'Stoner Answer' To Whether Comedy Is Becoming More Welcoming To Women Amy Poehler doesn\u2019t care if you like her, and that might make you like her even more. In an interview with The Guardian, the
Amanda Seyfried Yet another actress\u00a0has spoken out about the gender pay gap in Hollywood. Amanda Seyfried told The Sunday Times\u00a0about a job
Olympic Hammer Thrower Amanda Bingson Is A Body Positivity Queen \It\u2019s a lot harder than you realize to throw naked.\
This Man Took Engagement Photos With A Burrito And It Was Burrito-ful He found love in a burrito place.
Want A Lesson In How People Judge Women's Voices? Start A Podcast. Putting your voice out for public consumption -- and critique -- is a stark reminder that it's a man's, man's world.
The Power Of The 'Casting Couch' Is In How It's Used To Shame Its Victims 
One Woman's Kick-Ass Response To A Fat Shamer On Tinder Michelle Thomas, a\u00a0blogger\u00a0from London, had a killer response to a man she'd met on Tinder who sent her a cruel message
The Paradox of The Famous Feminist Man How do we celebrate our male allies without silencing women who are doing the work?
Woman In A Wheelchair Gives Powerful Response To A Rude Question About Her Sex Life \This body is broken but it is beautiful.\
Exploring The Feminist Themes Of 'Magic Mike XXL' Female viewers flocked to the theaters\u00a0to watch \u201cMagic Mike XXL\u201d when the flick hit the big screen last week. And many of
This Supercut Of Women Apologizing Makes Us Never Want To Say 'Sorry' Again Sorry (not sorry) -- quick question
Matt McGorry Has Joined The #FreeTheNipple Movement Matt McGorry has borrowed Miley Cyrus and Chrissy Teigen's nipples to make an important point about sexism. \u00a0In a July 8
What Happens When Your Bestie Writes Your Online Dating Profile Who knows you better than your BFF?
Justin Bieber's Nude Instagram Shows How Different The Internet Is For Women When a male celebrity posts a nude photo, he's complimented. When a female celebrity posts a photo that shows her scantily
New Numbers Show Abortion-Related Deaths Still Extremely Rare Abortion-related deaths continue to be extremely rare, according to new national data released by the Centers for Disease
Confessions Of A Former Party Girl I loved who I was when I was drunk. I was witty and confident and fun. But that is me all the time... I just wasn't comfortable being me without the liquid courage. I couldn't find myself when I was sober, because I hadn't tried looking.
Love? One may label it 'loving' all day long, profess it from the rooftops and paint it across the sky, but love it is not. Love does not exist in a dark cave of longing and desperation. Those feelings are the offspring of fear.
A Sister Kissed Her I can be seen as a \cancer patient going through chemotherapy\ yet this is not what this story is about -- it's about love. It's not about current conventional medical treatments, side effects, limitations or miracles. It's about sister magic.
The Power Of Seeing Women Masturbate On TV Female masturbation is being normalized, one television episode at a time.
Blogger Takes Off Her Makeup To Reveal The Ugly Truth About Online Harassment You look disgusting. \u00a0 That's the title of beauty blogger Em Ford's\u00a0latest YouTube video, a three-minute feature that's
Dear Bristol Palin, You're Not A Disappointment, Your Parents Are Her parents have created a situation where she has to apologize for procreating, like humans do, all the time. Seriously, like daily.
'Dad Bods' Make Me Very Mad I am so annoyed (can you tell by my photo). I've been reading all the hype surrounding the new term coined by women, \the Dad Bod\ in an attempt to make men feel better about their slightly \out-of-shape, I'm-a-dad\ body.
Resilience Stress is one word we don't like to talk about. I've listened to those in leadership call for it when they say, \I'm so stressed,\ \I'm stressed out\! But the truth is the something called \stress\ is nothing short of an inner, physical feeling of anxiety or \strain.\
These Bridal Photos Of 'Bearded Dame' Harnaam Kaur Are Simply Stunning When bridal blogger Kat Williams saw photos of Harnaam Kaur, she knew she had to feature\u00a0them on her site.\u00a0 Kaur has Polycystic
Why Are Women So Vicious Toward One Another? Everywhere I look lately on social media I am inundated with women tearing one another down. Whether it's an article on the Kardashians, the newest Victoria's Secret campaign, or the hottest Instagram sexy selfie seductress--we women are downright vicious in the comments sections.
6 Unwritten Rules for Dating a 20-Something Dating is, in one word, stressful. The whole getting-to-know-someone process mixed with \trying to act the part\ so you don't look crazy has gotten a bit out of control. Following the unwritten rules of dating is intimidating and overwhelming. Let's explore.
The Real Reason I Didn't Wish My Wife a Happy Anniversary on Facebook 
A Case For Unsolicited Duck Pics vs. Unsolicited Dick Pics Instead of sending a woman a picture of your manhood, send them a photo of an adorable little duckling. I promise you this is 1,000x more likely to garner an \AWWW\ than your penis ever will.
The 'F-Word' We Need To Talk About 
Should You Trust Other Women? I haven't met a woman yet without at least one \sisterhood wound\ that has impacted her trust of other women. Some of us trust too easily and let the wrong women in too close and get hurt. Others have little to no trust and so let in a few to none or keep old friends around mistaking years known for intimacy and trust -- and so miss out on true sisterhood.
Abortion in Texas Abortion has been with us as long as has pregnancy. It will not go away. Should safe, legal abortion become inaccessible (the goal of Republicans), women in large numbers will choose other options.
Dear Future Husband Right now, future husband, I guess you're a mystery like Bigfoot or those darned unicorns we just can't seem to track down. But I know one day when we finally meet, you'll be my best friend. And I can't be more excited to fall in love with you.
10 Things My Future Children Can Expect From Me I'm 19, and am in no way planning on having kids any time soon (so you can breathe a sigh of relief, Mom). But I'm excited to meet you kiddos one day. I'm also scared that I won't live up to your expectations or mine. I can, however, promise you these 10 things though, and for now, I think that's pretty good.
13 Things No One Tells You About Your Freshman Year Of Life You will lose out on jobs that you are perfectly qualified for. Your apartment application will be rejected. People will swipe left on you. It's a tough world out there, kiddo.
7 Secrets of Successful Relationships A happy, intimate and successful love relationship is based in each person being fully supported, loved and respected with forethought and consideration in all decisions individually and collectively.
These 15 States Got A Failing Grade For Reproductive Rights So, which states didn't make the grade? These are the places where women's reproductive rights are the most at risk.
7 Things Every Woman Can Learn From Mindy Kaling 
3 Brilliant Things That May Surprise You About Muslim Women! In the past 7 years; in several of my Empowerment Programs for Women world-wide, I've had the honor and the opportunity to work face to face and shoulder to shoulder with Muslim Women.
9 Harrowing Images That Capture The Lasting Impact Of Sexual Assault 
My Best Friend, Anxiety When I was 7 years old, I had a panic attack at a restaurant while on vacation with my family in Greece. We were in the middle of dinner when suddenly inexplicable feelings of dread and fear began to consume me.
Everybody, Give Attention To These Men For Doing Things Women Do Every Day Remember, ladies
On the Money! A Female Face on the Ten Dollar Bill The Obama administration has announced that, as of 2020, the ten dollar bill will have a woman's face on it. It's about time! Inspired, I asked my Face Book friends
Unhappy Father's Day? Father's Day can be the most difficult time of the year for children who have lost their father - especially when Mom has moved on before the children are ready. Many fans of the SecretRegrets.com project have anonymously confessed their regrets about dealing with the loss of a father.
Way To Go Liz Dolan! 
Why Do Women Find It So Difficult to Put Themselves First? The language that asked women what they felt and needed was not spoken in our mother's and grandmother's day. They did not know how to ask themselves what they felt and needed, and they did not know how to teach their daughters how to honor their own feelings and needs.
Who Am I to Be Financially Feminist? (A Guide for Female Entrepreneurs) Feminists are given a bad wrap. When I was growing up, women who wanted to excel in the workforce were demonized as anti-family, bra burning egoists.
Breadwinner Mommies You are a planner, I know. You like to know what to expect, whether it means preparing for a test, a job interview or for life's large milestones.
Maxisms Daddy was the dominant influence on my life -- eventually. It wasn't till I delivered his eulogy, when I was 50 years old, that I realized he had given me an entire philosophy of life and leadership.
I Break My Silence 
Why I Detest the Belly Button Challenge, but Couldn't Resist Trying It I knew full well I wouldn't be able to reach my belly button. That, my friends, was the victory right there. Not being able to introduce my innie to my pinkie reinforced my successful departure from daily perfection quests and food fears.
The Strong Constitutional Case for Abortion The right to abortion is grounded in the Fourteenth Amendment, which protects all of us from undue government interference with our liberty interests.  More than 20 years ago, the Supreme Court made this clear when it reaffirmed the constitutional right to abortion in Planned Parenthood v. Casey.
Jilted Bride Penned The World's Most Depressing eBay Listing 
Taylor Swift, Tori Amos, and Me The strength in these feminist empowerment projects is clear to fans who use them to navigate their own lives, but I want to highlight the message for other artists
3 Approaches to Solving Problems When faced with a conflict with someone else, people often do not know how to proceed. Having a method to deal with problems can be helpful.
The Bully in Your Head Stop making things harder than they have to be. Why is it when people want something so bad -- that they can taste it, that they find every reason why they can't get it?
Alison Bechdel 
Be Present, Be Open and Turn Off Your Cell Phone! I've had two experiences in the past few days that tied into some key life lessons that are useful in both our personal and professional lives (which as many people will tell you these days is one and the same).
Nicole Kidman On Why Women Should Stop Apologizing For Their Power 
What It Takes To Land A Book Deal My answer to, \How do you land a book deal?\ is really multi-faceted and involves a long-haul approach. I'm sure I don't have to tell you that this kind of stuff rarely happens overnight. But if you're willing to put in the hours, the rewards are absolutely incredible.
The Universal Sex Appeal Of 'OITNB\u2019s' Ruby Rose Androgynous, confident characters like Ruby Rose's Stella Carlin have appeal that transcends labels.
Why Isn't Self-Defense Training Available to Every Woman Who Wants It? Self-defense training has been completely left out of the current rush to develop effective prevention strategies, especially on college campuses.
We've Come a Long Way My Friend As I grew up I realized it is less important to have a ton of friends, and more important to have real ones instead.
Proof The \u2018Bikini Body' Is Not A Thing 
The Problem With Women's World Cup I'm a huge soccer fan. Always have. Always will. It's not a sport many Americans play nor do they relate to. We tend to go for basket ball, baseball and the un-official holiday of Super Bowl.
I Do Not Believe In Soul Mates I've been in love, lust and like, had crushes that didn't crush back and had my heart broken. I've lost it all and won big. Throughout, I have never believed in \perfect\ anything. Did I mention that I do not believe in soul mates?
The Power (and Science) of Cuddling Did you know you have a secret weapon? You carry it with you every day. You were born with it. Sometimes it turns red and sometimes you have to get it checked. It's also your largest organ. It's your skin!
Caitlyn, Feminism, and What it Means to Be a Woman We get to choose how we define what it means to be a woman and we also get to define feminism. There's room for stay at home mothers, women with career ambitions, the single mother who struggles to support her children, the wealthy Upper East Side wife, and, yes, Caitlyn Jenner.
If You Quit Dieting, Will Your Worst Fear Come True? Even when I saw, very clearly, that dieting was keeping me in a never-ending cycle of restricting and binge eating, it was still very scary to give up. There's so much safety in following a plan, and so much hope that this time will be the one that works.
The Mid-Sex Realization That Changed Everything Confidence is aqueous and ever-changing. Just when you think you're grasping it in your hands, it can trickle through your fingers. I am reminded of this as I awkwardly haul a leg over the torso of my lover and sink into his chest as we sink deeper into the soft mattress in our room at the W.
Angelina Jolie's Powerful Speech On What Women Really Need From Men 
5 Tips for Balancing Family and Business If you frequently feel as though you are running on the hamster wheel of life -- exhausted, stressed, and discouraged -- join me on stable ground. Parenting, career and marriage are a beautiful thing once you discover what really matters.
Why the Moms Who Love Aunties Are Amazing, too And as far as the love we give to your kids goes, well, that comes naturally to us. Babies are born from the womb, but maternity comes from the soul. There are many way to be maternal. Thank you for giving us a deeply meaningful way to exercise our maternal muscle.
Don't Call Me Strong Victim. While it is not my primary identity, it will always be a part of who I am. Frequently, the media praises victims for \not allowing themselves to be called a victim.\ As if it were degrading and demeaning words along the lines of \slut.\
Zendaya Called Out A Woman-Shaming Twitter Account Like The Queen She Is Women of the world
Learn How to Sell Yourself to a Future Employer You can give anyone a rundown on the latest season of \24,\ Net Neutrality or the Amazon vs. Hachette showdown, but when it comes to talking about yourself, it's a much different story -- especially when asked about your professional experience, industry, desires and goals.
Everyone Is Mad At Beyonc\u00e9, But For The Wrong Reasons Just as Ariana Grande -- pop princess, wearer of cat ears -- revealed herself to the world as a self-possessed female standing up for other women, Beyonc\u00e9 -- fierce, outspoken feminist, champion of equality -- told us her secret to flatter abs. It was a confusing day.
The Scarcity Of Abortion Training In America's Medical Schools 
Matt McGorry Is Trying To Turn Guys Like Him Into Feminists Matt McGorry is a rising Hollywood star, with leading roles in Netflix's \Orange Is The New Black\ and ABC's \How To Get
How Caitlyn Jenner Is Helping Me Be a Better Me Caitlyn Jenner's transformation was fascinating and inspiring to so many of us -- not only for the social change it means for our world, but also because it is rare to see any reinvention that is so total.
Zoe Saldana Doesn't Get Why Everyone's Shocked Her Husband Took Her Name 
Caitlyn Jenner Isn\u2019t Threatening Your Womanhood \u201cWhat makes a woman?\u201d It\u2019s a big question, and one that a June 6 New York Times piece, written by journalist Elinor Burkett
Institutionalized Rape Culture in Youth Sports I was an awkward, skirted-suit-wearing 7-year-old my first day of swim team practice in 1984. My participation on a USA Swimming team improved my confidence, provided me with life-long friends, and helped me develop physical fitness that I still maintain today as a 37-year-old mother of four. It was also in this context that I met my coach and rapist, Christopher Huott.
How to Communicate on Difficult Subjects and Win -- A True Story Being a pioneer has many rewards; some tangible and some equally wonderful intangible ones. The benefits spread much wider than we can ever imagine. And what about you? What difficult communication challenge are you facing? Can you find the common ground to break through to the collaboration?
The Danger Of 'It Wasn't Really Rape' Jim Bob claims that, \This wasn't rape or anything like that. This was touching over the clothes.\ This perception that touching is somehow less traumatic than penetration is not only false, it is incredibly damaging to victims, and helps perpetuate a culture of victim-blaming.
This Is What a Real Woman Looks Like We don't need to marginalize ourselves. We don't have to play down the parts of our personality that want to be seen. We don't have to hide our physique or change how we look. We can embrace all of who we are without comparing ourselves to anyone else.\u00a0We can be real and we can own it. All of it. Every last badass bit.
Friends Then, Friends Now Like any relationship, friendship changes over time. Things like marriage, job relocations, parenthood, and illness all can step in and change the nature of a friendship. Even the most resilient friendship can change over time. But sometimes, if we're really lucky, we have that one friend  with whom the bond is just as strong now as ever. Our BFFs. Besties. Friends for life.
The 19 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
Play Like a Kid It may seem strange that writing about playing like a kid is part of a series of blogs about sex, but let's face it, sex is just another form of play.  Sure, it's adult play, but if you've forgotten how to play like a kid, my guess is that you're not maximizing the potential for enjoyment in your sex life. At least I certainly wasn't.
Fear is Just One Big Joke Want to know how to get over that? How to get over the \I could never try that?\ Have a staring contest with fear. Promise yourself whoever blinks first is the loser.
Why You Should Stop Dreaming Some of the most gigantic things I've done, for myself or my career, were truly unplanned. And I didn't, at first or for a while, know what the heck I was doing. Sometimes, I still don't. But I think that's okay. I don't think you have to know. I think you just have to do.
Kids Do the Darndest Things When I was around 9, I hatched a plan to get my reading done and still watch my cartoons. I decided to memorize my entire reading book! I took the time to practice for weeks until I got it right.
10 Things To Do When Someone You Know Has Experienced Pregnancy Loss Don't minimize the precious child she has lost by saying she can always have another child, she was \only\ at 10 weeks, or at least she has another child. She is grieving a life that lived inside of her -- for however short a time -- and that life and loss deserves honor and respect.
How To Get What You Want At Work Staying calm is the key to getting what you want from a complaint. You are well within your rights to suggest how someone could rectify a situation, but by keeping your suggestions realistic, you stand a much greater chance of having your wishes fulfilled.
Why You're Unhappy at Work -- And 4 Ways to Fix It Here are four steps to take to feel better about your work.The first two are short-term strategies, while the last two are long-term game plans.
How I Retired My Husband After 12 years in the design industry, James is leaping into the entrepreneurial world with me -- something that was an enigma to him up until very recently.
7 Inspiring Vacation Journal Writing Prompts Journaling is an excellent habit to incorporate into daily life, and vacation gives you ample time to dive deep into your thoughts and emotions, unfiltered and without daily obligations tugging at your sleeve.
Single Task Your Way to a Better Life and Career We understand the danger of texting while driving, yet we knowingly overload our brains with multiple tasks that lead us to a cluttered life and a growing list of unattainable daily demands.
Why You'll No Longer Find The Word 'Skinny' On Lauren Conrad's Site 
An Open Letter to The Guy Who Told Me I Wasn't Sexy Enough No, I was not offended that you did not find me attractive, because my value is not determined by how attractive you find me. You do not get to decide what offends me -- I decide my own value.
Why I Keep the Fact That I'm a Muslim to Myself There are a few reasons I choose to be anonymous with my religion. I don't need to talk about my religion or get people to convert to my side. I don't need to debate the merits of my religion versus another religion or having no religion at all. I know what I believe and I'm firm in my faith. I have no desire to make sure you believe what I believe or to give you some spiel on why I needed to change religions.
13 Signs You Are 26 You wouldn't think much has changed since turning 25. You would probably think the two ages are one in the same because in a way, they are (for example
This Could Be Why We Swipe Right For Questionable Men 
Why Men Are Retweeted More Than Women 
Women Are Growing Tired of Conforming to Men's Standards Many women like how they look in heels. They shouldn't be made to feel as if they're abandoning the feminist cause, or kowtowing to the patriarchy if they choose to wear them. It's possible to want to wear high heels and also want equality in the workplace at the same time.
The Third Option When making a decision, it often feels like there are only two options. In less thoughtful moments, I have chosen based only on the options presented, but in more thoughtful moments, I have come to understand a third option.
Why Amy Schumer Is Your New Feminist Best Friend From unattainable beauty standards placed on women to how inaccessible birth control remains to having men debate whether you are good looking enough for TV, it is safe to say that we have found our new feminist best friend.
The Scarlet 'S' My empty ring finger now defines me more than my irrepressible desire to become something great. Gone are the days when people wanted to know what I yearn to achieve.
Looking for 'The Real Thing'? Find Someone Comfortable Winning someone's heart doesn't require employing a lot of complicated schemes. You're more likely to find lifelong love by listening to your instincts and sticking with what works.
Secrets to Becoming a Highly Successful Woman -- 5 Easy Steps We all have unique gifts and talents, whether we've manifested them or not. It's vital to make a commitment to discover these talents and follow our dreams and passions -- not someone else's. Therefore, our first step should be to define what success means to us as individuals.
What Does Real Equality Look Like? I want our generation to be the last one to grow up knowing structural and cultural barriers that hold women back. I want our daughters and sons to be able to choose the same college courses and pursue the same careers -- for the same pay.
5 Struggles Feminists Will Understand The struggle between femininity and feminism is real, my friends, and even in this new millennium of progression and open mindedness, it still very much exists. Here are my current feminist struggles, and I'm sure you have way more to add to this list as well.
Why Growing Up Means Failing, Learning, and Moving On Part of growing up is learning that maybe all your dreams won't come true, no matter how hard you work or how much you want them. And an even bigger part of growing up is learning to accept this, move past it -- and, ultimately, find something new to immerse yourself in.
An Open Letter to General Motors on Expectations and Women in Advertising Welcome to 2015, where women are some of the most powerful executives in business, women are regularly dominating in school, and a woman is a serious candidate for the presidency of the United States. Welcome to the future, where women are more.
How My Life Improved After 14 Days of Saying 'No' If you are feeling stressed, overcommitted and worn down, I am going to encourage you to take a look at your schedule and, more importantly, how often you are saying \yes\ to things out of obligation, guilt or fear.
Caring for Every Preemie, Every Day Worldwide, preterm birth is the primary cause of death among children under five, often happening in the first month of life. Fifteen million babies are born early every year, with most of those births occurring in sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia.
The Face of Memorial Day When I see the Memorial Day photos of Arlington, I know those simple white markers represent entire lives. They are the boys running across a soccer field, the kid bagging your groceries, the girls playing varsity volleyball -- every one of them somebody's child who had an entire life of promise ahead.
Why You Should Always Ask With the very sad news that B.B. King, the king of blues, passed away I was reminded of a pretty epic story where my dad taught me a hugely important life lesson. Way back when, when my dad and I were on the college tour driving from school to school, a B.B. King song came on the radio.
Sexist Jonathan Franzen Bashes Edith Wharton Planning to teach Wharton soon, I took another look at Franzen's New Yorker hatchet job on Edith Wharton, and it was worse than I remembered. The critics' darling praises her classics The House of Mirth, The Custom of the Country, and The Age of Innocence but grossly misreads her character and her life.
Judge Allows Sofia Vergara's Ex To Sue For Custody Of Frozen Embryos 
3 Networking Tips for Your Summer Weekends During a summer weekend, many of us look forward to family activities, going to a beach, eating good food, or maybe just catching up on Mad Men. (Don't spoil the finale for me!) But while you are enjoying your leisure time, you can also be networking. Here are three tips to incorporate networking into your summer weekends!
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
How Yoga Helped Me Love My Bigger Body I was often the largest woman in the room, but off the mat, I was welcoming in my own revolution of body acceptance. I decided to feel more committed to my own well-being than to a number on a scale. As I went deeper into yoga, I went deeper into the connection with my body.
Why Talking About 'Game Of Thrones' Rape Is Important For Feminism 
Staying Connected 
Why the 'Dad Bod' Is a Sexist Disgrace The Dad Bod lays out what is acceptable for men and women. It reinforces the gender inequality that is present in our societal perceptions of body image.
What I Learned About My Career From Leading A Double Life Leading a double life wasn't exactly the hardest thing in the world, but it wasn't easy. I didn't feel embarrassed about my serving job, but I was self-conscious about the different personalities I needed to uphold at each role.
10 Things Your Mom Never Told You About Work The concept that women could do it all was alive and well as I transitioned from student to working adult. And as a young, na\u00efve woman looking for a way to bring it all into my life, I fell for it hook, line and sinker. Why can't women have it all?
What The Internet Meant To Me After The Death Of My Father, David Carr The Internet can be intrusive, yes, but it can also be a voice of comfort -- and, in my case, a close friend leaning in to whisper, \You know how you thought your dad was the greatest guy in the world? You were right. Let me tell you why.\
5 Strange Realities Of Being A Modern Woman, Illustrated 
7 Secrets To Success From A Sugar Baby 
'I Never Imagined That I Would Be 43 and Single.' Your longtime love sees you through a filter of loving timelessness. They know that your soft tummy was caused by growing their babies, the lines by your eyes the product of shared laughs. To be middle-aged and single can be rather awkward, especially if you can't laugh about it.
The Latest Law Second-Guessing A Woman's Right To Control Her Own Body 
12 Ways Nora Ephron Taught Us To Be Better Women 
Give Me a Kiss to Build a Dream On We decided to conduct an experiment where he would plant a very bold Hollywood-style kiss on me when he arrived home for dinner. This dramatic entrance kick-started the trajectory and was silly enough to throw me off my typical rejection response.
Bearing Witness Until that February evening, I had never known of the pain that screams from the earth in that small village in the mountains of Caucasia.
Keeping Your Relationship Hydrated Just like tiny raindrops, there are small things you can do every day to fill up the reserves. The more drops or positive things you pour into the relationship, the more cushion you have for the dry spells. The result is a strong foundation of trust, love and patience.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
Feminism Isn't a Fad This \Feminist Fad\ embodies all the wrong things for the right reasons. I am all for the courage of conviction, for women to earn their just rights, but it's gone too far. It's about responding rationally to injustices, not reacting. Saying you are a feminist can't make you a cool kid, but being one in every action every day, this is what makes a true feminist.
My Talk With Zoey Mendoza Zimmerman Having lunch at a Panera in New Jersey, Zoey Mendoza Zimmerman could be your fun neighbor; the one who organizes all the cool parties, and knows the best gossip. Talking about her life after the murders, she says, shaking her head, \I'm living a Lifetime Original Movie. How did this happen?
How to Get Out of a Bad Mood Like the monsters who lived under many of our beds when we were kids (mine was an alligator!), when we turn on the light, the monster magically disappears. I know this, but gosh! It's hard to do when you're scared. To \turn on the light\ on a ferocious, scary problem, there are five steps brave grown-ups can take.
Infertility Is Not a Women's Disease As long as infertility is only a women's disease, the burden of infertility is unequally distributed. As more men speak up about their challenges with trying to conceive, women and men will feel even more supported and encouraged. And less alone.
12 Things You Took For Granted When You Were Younger Remember getting praised for small victories? Think about the fact that at one point, someone actually congratulated you for going to the bathroom and finishing all your dinner.
13 People The Men Of 'The Bachelorette' Wish They Could Be 
Growing Up When you're an adolescent, coming into your teen years sounds awesome. We wake up every morning pick out outfits based on how we feel that day, or consider the thought of grabbing the attention of a cute boy at school. Life is so easy for us then.
My Struggle With Binge-Eating Disorder 
Been Single Forever? Do These 3 Things Now I always tell my clients who are challenging themselves to connect with others and date like never before -- if you feel uncomfortable, that's a good sign! That discomfort is where the magic lies. And besides, it won't feel uncomfortable for long. And when you find love, it will have been well worth it!
The Business of Boxing I don't know about you but I would love 8 million dollars right about now. I would consider my own self crazy if I turned down a deal like that. However, unlike most, Mayweather saw the bigger picture for his dream and his career. I'm sure in that season of his career as he came closer to making his decision and even made the bigger announcement Mayweather:
33 Women Weigh In On Whether Penis Size Matters 
The Moment I Knew I Was an Adult Ultimately, I think being an adult isn't any one age or any one thing. It doesn't mean that you don't lean on other people when you fall. It just means that you count on yourself first and foremost and don't expect anyone else to clean up your mess for you.
Women's Health and Undernutrition in the U.S. If you take the pledge to be healthier this week, we're asking that you also take the time to think about the health of children and mothers who are facing hard economic realities and the health consequences of those circumstances.
Resistance and Getting Our Last Bit of Sh*t Together to Finish the Race I am losing weight so I can hike with my kids by Mother's Day.  I am having back to back Tinder dates because I am finding My Person this year. I am studying Math 101 so I can feel smart.  I am reading this book so I do not get kicked out of bookclub.  I am dancing so I can feel the Angels when I move.
Hepatitis C -- The Long Goodbye The long goodbye is often used to describe the drawn out fading of a person's mind, who is suffering from Alzheimer's disease. But for my mom, it was because of Hepatitis C.
This Is How Trolls Treat Women On The Internet 
Having More Sex Won't Necessarily Make You Happier 
5 Ways to Stop Bad Attitudes About Women in Power Do you ever wonder if you sometimes keep yourself small because you are afraid of your actual power? Do you ever wonder if you silence yourself and mute your opinion so that you will be \likeable\ and not mistaken for a \bitch\? Do you ever wonder what it would be like to actually own your power?
Better Manicures In 7 Steps The plight of nail salon workers sits at the intersection of the environmental, economic and reproductive justice and immigrant rights movements.
Mother's Day Gift Suggestion -- A Trip to the Dentist States should recognize that providing comprehensive dental care is in the best interests of both mother and infant, and advocates should work to educate people about their coverage options. On this Mother's Day, let us acknowledge that the life of a healthy child starts with a healthy mother. Let's give mothers and children a Mother's Day gift of health, including healthy teeth.
Power Mom Building an Empire Motherhood is a full-time job, and this mom is clearly working overtime to build her family empire. I had the honor of interviewing Nascar team owner Melissa Lebron. Melissa Harville-Lebron is the first African American NASCAR woman team owner.
Her Heart Remembers Over the past five years of living with mom's dementia, I have seen time and time again that despite the complete confusion and craziness that comes with this disease, my mom's brain may not remember the details, but her heart always does.
No Kids By Choice In the last 15 years, we have seen a number of media waves on this topic. In the big picture, we've seen an ascent of talk about this in the public sphere since the 70s. That's over four decades. Where are we after 40+ years of talking about the childfree choice? Let's start with a quick broad stroke look back in time.
How to Get Winked at and Harassed at Work The joy I feel in being a regular person in my full-time job and not a trophy employee for some disgustingly inappropriate male boss, shouldn't be uncommon -- it should be the standard. But being a \body\ instead of a worker has been a common instance for me in my employed life.
Are You an Achievment Junkie? Why It's So Hard to Stop Working So Hard There are a lot of us recovering achievement junkies out there in the world. Maybe you are one too? Here are a few of the signs that you are part of our club
My Bikini Has Nothing To Do With You Men, including my husband, my bikini isn't for you. Yeah, you might notice me, but as long as you don't harass me, I don't care.
What is a 'Clean' Breakup? (and How to Achieve One) Holding compassion as a higher value than revenge, spite or fear may take some getting used to, but it is ultimately the one emotion that can see you safely through troubled waters.
Where Will We Be In 25 Years? In 2015, people wore jeans that fit like leggings and tucked them into boots. And some of these boots didn't go above the ankle.
It's Never too Late to Be a Woman in Tech Tiffany started her website for $3,000 and believes that just about anyone can save this kind of money to have an app built or a website built. She encourages women to start their own businesses and learn tech. Here are her top five tips to get started.
10 Reasons You Were Meant to Date Your Lyft or Uber Driver In major cities, car-hailing apps like Uber, Lyft, and SideCar are quickly becoming the most reliable form of transportation. With their ubiquity also comes the possibility of a missed connection
The Boy Next Door The movie has sent a pretty clear message to viewers that men are by nature sexual and aggressive, and women should relent, know their place and not \try too hard.\
Love and Lipstick I loved the Avon travel suitcase with its rows of compartments containing miniature lipsticks, nail polish bottles and sample packets of Skin So Soft oils. The lipsticks were the perfect size for me and my sister to play with and put on our baby dolls.
Lisa Frank Is Now Fighting The Patriarchy (With Rainbow Kittens) 
J.K. Rowling Brilliantly Shut Down A Misogynist On Twitter 
How to Be Influenced by Real Love How long have they loved and been immersed in one another? A lifetime? I am envious of that. I didn't get that with my person I chose to I Do with. Or maybe they met on a seniors dating AP. Maybe he went to war and he asked for her hand to be married before he left, to have a photo and a ring to keep him alive while bombs flew. I wish I had asked them, their story.
My Mom's Favorite Color It has been almost seven years since she had passed. Her presence is sorely missed. And yet her legacy -- the life of a woman, a mother, of dignity and youth --  lives on. Colors fade as life perishes but they stay as beautiful, like old rose.
Fighting for Heroic Moms This Mother's Day Support from the U.S. provides mothers with the extra help they need to protect their children and changes millions of lives for the better. Perhaps no issue better illustrates this than the U.S.'s leadership on HIV and AIDS.
Mother's Day Snapshot We salute your courage to bridge the stereotypes with non-conventional ideas and as you continue to do so, we hope that you are rejuvenated by those who hold you near and dear on this special day!
Mother's Day -- More Than Once a Year Today on Mother's Day, we need to confront the truth that the United States doesn't do that well by mothers and consequently by children. It isn't simply that the PDA isn't as strong as it should be; mothers face many obstacles in the American workplace from pregnancy to childbirth and beyond.
How to Baby Yourself on Mother's Day While I'm a huge advocate of millions of women sharing their infertility stories... I strongly believe your Mother's Day misery does not need more company. Save the commiserating for a day that's not all about celebrating moms. But this Sunday? Let's find some cool ways not to be hot and bothered.
What I Really Want for Mother's Day Is to Say 'I Am Sorry' Women are told that they can do it all. They can have a profession, a family, and a life of their own. They can be engineers, CEOs, even fight for our country on the front lines during war. Yet, tributes to motherhood neglect ways in which they can honor the diversity that motherhood has come to represent.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
I Didn't Know I Was In An Abusive Relationship, Because My Boyfriend Never Hit Me I actually wanted him to hit me. That would cross the line and give me the reason I needed to break up with him.
22 Terrifying And Magical Capabilities Someone Has When You Fall For Them Love presents so many chances for overwhelming pain, and also for captivating joy. It's a double-edged sword that can release your innermost desires and also your deepest fears.
Why One Biologist Doesn't Believe The G-Spot Is A Myth 
No Excuses... and Other Lessons From My Mother My mother had a fierce drive, a value in accuracy, a keen ability to listen and a unique gift of being able to create effective solutions to challenging problems
Widowhood and the Living Is Easy I will never stop missing him. I will never stop thinking about him. I will try to remember how he smelled like the Irish Spring soap he showered with, how his long toes looked more like fingers, and I will always remember how our time together was filled with lots of laughter and affection.
An Opportunity For Women's Equality Achieving gender equality requires determined action at all levels. It is important to focus not only on ensuring that women can participate in the decisions which affect their lives, but also on eliminating discriminatory institutions, attitudes and practices.
Beyonc\u00e9's Attendance at the Mayweather v. Pacquiao Fight If Beyonc\u00e9 wants to call herself a feminist she cannot attend, endorse and help to fund two men who disrespect women and their rights. She did indeed look stunning that night, but I wish she had shown off her outfit and beauty at a different event.
Changing the Playlist in My Head A year later, I have added a bunch of new mantras to my playlist.  The voices in my head are still funny and sarcastic, but I love them the most when they channel their sassy and sexy sides and whisper things like \Go ahead, you have time for a little unexpected pleasure right now.\
What We Learned From Our Mothers \As the oldest in my family, I had the privilege of watching my mom raise my four brothers and sisters, work full-time as a teacher,and earn a graduate degree. Her tireless example taught me the value of hard work.\
What Every Woman Needs to Write I sat down and wrote myself a letter. It didn't start out that way. I had intended to do some release work and write a letter to my ex. But as I wrote, I realized the person that needed to hear this most was me.
These Honest (And Brilliant) Sex-Ed Quiz Answers Got A Teen Suspended 
Jam Session Interview In today's Jam Session, Caroline and I jammed on how women can empower themselves to deal with bad bosses. We riff on being clear about your career goals, how upper-level management and bosses contribute \brain drain\ and what they can do to retain great talent.
This Tinder PSA Campaign Warns Women About Domestic Violence 
Advice For The Man Who Asks Me To Marry Him If my heart's chosen one -- who should probably hurry up -- attempts to propose to me in any of these ways, I will kick him out of the house.
Why I Do Not Support The #ImNoAngel and the Love Your Body Campaigns A lot of powerful brands have taken a stance against the volatile direction in which the media has led the definition of what it means to be beautiful, and it has been a wonderful shift, one that we continue to celebrate, thanks to campaigns like Dove's Love Your Body, and Lane Bryant's #Imnoangel. But have we lost sight of the most important message?
You Are Enough Here is my truth. I. Am. Enough. I have been and will always be enough. Instead of spending all of this energy on being someone I am not, I can rest in the fact that I am Erin, and I am enough.
She's Got a New Title A new study's key findings make clear that women are now overwhelmingly the healthcare decision makers for both themselves and their families. They are setting healthcare agendas, making treatment decisions, selecting healthcare coverage and providers.
Cybernation The question
Mae Whitman Is Hot! (Why it Doesn't Matter) Too hot for one role, not hot enough for the other and I say
Lily Tomlin And Jane Fonda Break Down Myths About Feminism Like The Bosses They Are 
The Paradox of Empowerment The empowerment concept gives life to the idea that a woman can be an agent of change in her own life, determining her own future. But defining empowerment is nearly impossible. The way we see others, and ourselves, is subjected to our own life experiences, perspectives, culture and values.
This Mother's Day, Reclaim Your Power Here are my go-to favorite strategies to shift from a place where you're always reacting to a place where you respond and are in greater control of your day. Because the more you feel in control the more time and space you clear for fun, inspiration and joy.
The 22 Best F-Bombs From Female Authors 
33 Self-Improvement Thingees To Read And Then Quickly Forget Maybe that's what being middle-aged is all about... reaching the tipping point of self-actualization where you are like, \Oh, screw it. This will have to do.\
I On Exceptional Living I have long been impressed by Yvonne Barteau. She is not only one of the nation's most accomplished dressage riders, but as a Post-50 woman, she continues to excel as a performer and trainer.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
My Daughter's Story and Why Parents Need To Talk to Their Children About Sexual Assault If you have not already done so, now is the time to talk to your son, your daughter, or your best friend and tell them if they are sexually assaulted that you will be there to support them.
When Lying Can Be Good for Your Heart As we prepare to celebrate \Mothering Sunday,\ remembering those women who have nurtured us along our path, one way to honor them is to make sure they avoid -- or survive -- heart disease.
Mother's Day at Your Local Prison Regardless of how we feel about people who are in prison, children have a right to see, to touch, and to speak with their parents (obviously, provided doing so poses no risks for the child).
I Couldn't Love Myself, So I Loved My Self-Judgment Don't get me wrong, I'm all for feel-good tactics that brighten up the world. I only find it surprising that, despite all the books and essays and TV talk shows that tell people to love themselves, we still find it difficult to do.
The Strength in Femininity The truth is that you can be any kind of woman that you want to be and still be a strong woman. You do not have to sort through stereotypes and decide which one to put on each day. You can love Shrek, foster kittens, read Nicholas Sparks books and be a strong woman.
Helen Hunt Says Women In Hollywood Are 'F*cked' 
The Women's Bathroom Sign You Can't Unsee (And Won't Want To) 
A Mother/Daughter Project The daughter in me realizes that this is considered uncommon and for some even weird. The mother in me asks, \why is it so strange to want to work with your mother?\ What is it about the mother/daughter relationship that makes our situation considered so unique?
When Picture Perfect Isn't Picture Perfect It's an interesting experience, this being the partner with lower desire in a long-term relationship. In my case, the way this played out over two decades is that I fell into a routine of only having sex with my husband when he initiated.
Should You Marry That Guy? Should you marry that guy? Should you take that job offer in Seattle? Should you go back to school? For many people, important decisions like these are sources of dread and anxiety. They dominate our thoughts during the day and keep us up at night.
The Art of Forgiveness It's amazing what can happen when we are finally faced with something we've long been anticipating. Sometimes we realize why we yearned for it in the first place, and sometimes it becomes clear it's not actually what we wanted at all.
The Right to Bare Breasts While I only had the courage to slip my bottoms off once in Spain, beneath the water, for about seven seconds, the truth is that it didn't take long for me to get used to the idea of letting the girls fly free. It felt so much better -- less sweaty, more breezy and a helluva lot more fair.
Defining the Blurred Lines But what actually happens here? What does it mean to have an experience in which one engages in unwanted sex, but does not feel explicitly forced into the sex act? And why had 100 percent of women I spoke with experienced this?
Dear Women, You Don't Have To Aspire To Be Cool, Beautiful Or Anything As You Age 
Why Everyone Needs a Rhymes-With-Bucket List Everyone needs a rhymes-with-bucket list! Because bucket lists themselves can be kind of intimidating. All those things you have to do. Man, it's exhausting. And as the years pass and you fail to check off a single item? That bucket list can start to make you feel like crap when you get out of bed in the morning. It can taunt you a little.
3 Things I've Learned Watching My Sister Fight Breast Cancer She didn't choose this battle. But I promise it messed with the wrong woman. Give 'em hell George. We're praying and pulling for you.
John Wayne, Muhammad Ali and Marty If a former runaway teen with decades of anger and distance and thousands of miles between her and her father could find her way back to a lonely old man in a wheelchair finally ready to talk to anyone who wants to listen, anyone can bridge the gap.
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
When You Google 'Why Do Women ...' Some Very Interesting Results Come Up After realizing last week that, as a woman, I apologize for nearly everything and to nearly everyone, my first instinct was to ask Google why. I typed the words \why do women,\ but before I could add \apologize,\ I was amazed at what Google suggested I ask instead.
Spring on Spring Street I feel my hair bounce like a Breck commercial as I smile at puppies and passers-by. I imagine myself as the Italian girl walking through Florence in the black and white poster that hung in so many college dorms. That I look nothing like a hair model or 20-year-old Italian is moot. The sun on the street mirrors my mood and I give thanks to the great gift of time.
The One Girls of any age who were brought up on a steady diet of rom-coms and Jane Austen have dreamed about meeting The One since we were old enough to play with Barbie. There's that glance from across a crowded bar. The soundtrack. The meet-cute with snappy dialogue.
Blake Lively Picked Up Knitting and So Should You When we think of knitting, most people imagine their grandmother in a rocking chair hunched over a pair of needles. But there's something to be said for this meditative DIY craft. While Blake Lively took some time off after becoming a new mom, she found inner peace in knitting. Can you imagine being in her knitting circle?
A Roadmap Towards Work-Life Balance While I left law school armed with knowledge and enthusiasm, I had little in my arsenal to prepare me for the realities of balancing work and life. If I could give these students some career guidance, I thought to myself, I would say the following.
Bed Rest Made Me a Better Entrepreneur In retrospect, bed rest turned out to be not all bad. In fact, it helped me become the successful entrepreneur I am today.
Breathing All the Way Down... to There When I went with my husband to a sex and relationship coach for the first time, I was really nervous. My desire had been much less than my husband's for well over a decade and I didn't even know how to begin the conversation.
A Case For A Female President All the women in my life are smarter and more hardworking than men. They take on more responsibility and claim no credit for all their work. They are caring, compassionate and willing to sacrifice their needs for others. Aren't these qualities that we would look for in a President?
How Take Our Daughters to Work Day Allowed Men to \Come Out\ As Public Parents This day, when girls were seen and heard, changed many lives, as I've come to know through the years. The program also brought about an amazing bond between fathers and daughters who spent the day in the place where those dads spent most of their waking lives.
7 Things America's First Female Presidential Candidate Can Teach You Nope, Hillary wasn't the first. Before her there was Victoria C. Woodhull. I hear you asking, \Victoria who?\ Most people haven't ever heard of this 19th century female suffrage icon, but she was a revolutionary woman before her time. Here are seven things she can teach us about being strong, modern women.
Women Need to Stop Giving Away Their Services Think of your knowledge or service as a product in your local grocery store. Can you imagine the owners allowing people to help themselves to cakes hot from the oven? Of course not!
Single and Barren The sight of pregnant women and small children was too much for me; I left their presence in tears. But it was when my mother refused to allow me to visit because she \needed to build a relationship with the one who could still give her grandchildren\ that I felt truly broken.
You Are Not Alone, We're in This Together I want you to know that you are not alone. There's millions of us going through similar situations. None of us have the exact same circumstances but we can all relate and we all understand.
11 Smart Women Offer Advice On How To Keep Lifelong Friendships 
Royal Baby Not a Royal Pain Anymore This time, for example, the Royal baby buzz doesn't seem to be as fevered as it was the first time round, or maybe it is just where I am. I have gotten to the phase of my recovery where seeing babies no longer breaks my heart.
Women On The Meanest Things A Friend Ever Did 
Why Being A 'Spinster' Has Never Been More Fabulous 
Fake It 'Til You Make It As women grow up, society tumbles us and shapes us. We are supposed to be thin, but not too thin; smart, but not too smart; maternal, but sexy. Impostor syndrome is the result. You end up feeling that you don't, actually, belong anywhere. The first step to remedying this issue is recognizing it.
The Voice of the Future There have been long strides made in the past decade in the aforementioned areas, and there are more strides to be made by policymakers and the youth alike. However, Washington can no longer overshadow the youth voice with its constant bickering and gridlock partisanship.
5 Communications Lessons Learned Working at an Anti-Poverty Nonprofit Just as the MDG's are sustained through country partnerships and collaboration, the same could be said for strengthening and revitalizing our communications partnerships in organizations of all sizes and budgets, to ensure clarity, unity and power of messaging.
The 26 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
Online Reputation Management, CEOs and the Age of Gender Discrimination Litigation Ellen Pao's lawsuit against venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins vividly illustrates how CEOs and business leaders are scrutinized online in a way most of us will never be. Every day, the players in this case are the subject of articles, commentary and speculation.
A Golden Opportunity to Tackle Gender Inequality We think we need to move the debate even further so we can try to tackle these challenges and at this moment, we have a golden opportunity to do that.
Meet Renaissance Woman Paula 'Pixie' Dezzutti Hewlette I was a woman, I was pregnant, I wasn't even old enough to legally rent a car, and I had scored higher on their aptitude entrance test than any other candidate.
Pushing The Boundaries on the Perception of Muslim Women New York-based writer/performer Aizzah Fatima produced a one-woman comedy show called \Dirty Paki Lingerie\ as a result of her growing frustration with the limited perception other have of her as a refugee or a victim.
The Specialness Epidemic -- What Our Need to Stand Out is Really All About We are all unique and have different gifts to share, but \specialness\ is not just bestowed upon only a chosen few.
Perfect Your Pitch At SXSW, where apps such as Meerkat sparked industry buzz, The Ipsos Girls' Lounge brought female founders together to help guide new tech startups. We dug into the bias that may be holding female entrepreneurs back and shared insight to help them win the pitch.
Learning Resilience From Hillary Clinton She is a leader who won't back down. At the pinnacle of her global recognition, now Hillary is seeking to make history with seeking again the highest job in the land. She is a resilient female leader.
The Science of Happiness What makes you happy? This question is not as easy as it might seem.
Feeling Grey About Fifty Shades The much-anticipated release of the Fifty Shades of Grey movie and its novel series precursor struck chords of concern among women's health advocates. While the book sold over 100 million copies worldwide and has been heralded as an erotic romance novel that is sexually liberating, the nature of the protagonists' relationship is troubling because of its multiple aspects of domestic violence.
The Powerful New Play Breaking The Silence About Sexual Violence 
8 Women Made History at Boston Marathon in 1972 --14,000 Registered in 2015 Race Kathrine Switzer became the first female to officially enter and run.  The photo of a race official forcibly attempting to stop her and grabbing for her race numbers was the photo shot heard round the world.  Life magazine listed the photo as one of the \100 Photographs That Changed The World.\
Does This Make Me Look Fat? 3 Inanimate Objects Messed With My Self-Esteem I'm super aware of how mean I can be to myself a lot of the time and I'm constantly trying to battle the bully in my head that reared its head at a young age. I recognize that sometimes the things that can ruin my day by making me feel fat are so beyond ridiculous that I have to laugh at them.
Every Tomboy's Guide To Being A Modern Lady 
21 Women Who Expertly Shut Down Their Body Shamers 
Leaning In At The Pentagon Women need to encourage, mentor and challenge other women. Despite what hardships they may have experienced in their own careers, women should pull other women up with them, rather than paying the hardship forward.
Hillary Clinton Can't Afford To Ignore Black Women 
Janelle Monae Shuts Down Twitter Troll Like The Queen She Is 
Why I Started a Blog About Sex I've been with my husband for 20 years. And we've had a pretty awesome marriage by most measures. But they say you'll either fight about sex or money. And for us, it wasn't money.
Waiting a Lifetime for Equal Pay Today, April 14, 2015 is Equal Pay Day, which marks the point in the present year when women earn the same amount as men did in the previous year. Here at home, the local Lean In DC Circle is working with local businesses to give women a 22 percent discount. People are ready to take action -- and with good reason!
Dressing for Interview Success Beyond the Basics Attention to detail matters. Make sure that your shoes are polished and that the soles don't have holes (they can be visible when your crossing legs). If wearing high heels, make sure you can walk steadily up and down stairs as well as some distance (like the equivalent of a long hallway).
I Wish France Had Banned Underweight Models When I Was One My old agency director? He could have been imprisoned for what he said to me. That was almost 20 years ago, but I will never forget his words and their after effects.
Our Movie Debut How often is a small town girl from Ohio confronted with an opportunity to show her son what making a movie is all about?  NEVER!  So I thought... what the heck, why not?  We spend most of our weekends watching movies, why not be in one?
5 Women Share What It Means To Be 'Pretty' 
Good Intentions I read that a former classmate's husband had died. I had had no contact with her for many years but made a point of sending my condolences. She wrote back how important it was to have heard from me. When I see her at our next reunion, we will reconnect better because of my note.
13 Reasons Why the Miles Don't Make a Difference When It's Your Best Friend You can still dream together, talk about getting older together and even hope to move near each other again and then reminisce about that again a week later.
April Cruelty I didn't want the girls to worry about me, just to understand that grief spools out, that it's a rare day that I do not think about this young woman so many people loved and feel an ache. I want them to know that we are allowed to be sad, that feelings ebb and flow forever.
How A Routine Health Exam Saved My Life I'm the type of woman you might think would fare just fine if she skipped her yearly checkup. But I never have -- a simple fact that saved my life.
8 Reasons Women in Midlife Need More Than Their Besties But if you're anything like me, you may be shifting gears as part of your midlife assessment. Are you changing careers? Getting divorced? Moving? And though those tried-and-true friendships are invaluable in so many capacities, you may be feeling an itch to engage with like-minded folks who are also embracing big change.
Psst I now know that when I am turn 50, I will look at photos of me at 40 and see a stunning woman. What does this mean? It means I am beautiful today. And so are you
An Apology Letter to My Wounded Heart I invite all of you to let down your own walls. The ones you may have built around your heart to avoid pain. That is an impossible dream. Move forward with courage and abandon. Trust that the next time will be different. The mystery of what the universe has in store for you next awaits you.
The Woman Behind MyFitnessPal Says If You Don't See A Female Role Model, Maybe It Should Be You 
The Reason Why You Are Still Single I wish you all a beautiful magical love that you deserve. It is out there for all of us. But we have to fall in love with ourselves first. We have to let go of old unhealthy behaviors, beliefs and patterns about others, and ourselves. We have to open up completely and know ourselves well before we can give ourselves to another,
Why a Female-Founded Sex Toy Company Hopes to Change the Way We View the Orgasm When 26-year-old Alex Fine was fired from her job at a skincare company, she took it as a sign to flesh out an idea that had been rolling around in the back of her mind
What Will You Do For Your Daughter? So far, I have not been blessed with daughters, only sons. But I wonder how would I greet a baby girl knowing the inequality she'd face? How would I advocate for her? It's often said that sexism is the most subtle and evasive form of discrimination.
Becoming Wonder Woman When I was eight years old, I rushed into the kitchen afflicted with a cut on my wrist. She cocked one eyebrow, looked down her glasses and calmly responded in her Southern drawl to the screaming child in front of her. \Well, you're not deaaaaad yet.\
Why I Write About Sex I used to be intimidated by people who wrote about sex, even long after I started writing about it myself. The irony, of course, is that people now think the same thing about me. That because I write about sex, I must be particularly sexual. To which my internal response is
How An Underwear Brand Is Trying To Change The Conversation About Periods 
The Girl Stays In The Dress \Hippy,\ she said. \This one's got some hips on her.\ She continued to pull and sigh and make small laboring noises as she worked. I sought out my mother's eyes, but she didn't seem to notice where Eugenia's remark had landed.
More Teen Girls Are Using Long-Term Birth Control 
An Open Letter to the President of France Many women with eating disorders, including models, partake in dangerous tactics to maintain a slimmer physique -- yet aren't underweight by BMI standards. In some ways, focusing on \the numbers\ perpetuates the damaging notion that they matter most.
A Note to Postgraduate Women Asking for mentorship can be scary, but what's the worst that can happen, someone will say no? I guarantee you that if you search and ask enough, someone will say yes. Be fearless, be bold and go after what you want. You deserve it.
'Save the Mother, Save the Baby' 
How Burlesque Helped Me Love My Body -- And All Bodies 
Virginia Gentlewomen The daughter of a free white man and an enslaved black woman, she sued for her freedom. Through petition, her case was sent to the Virginia General Assembly and she was freed in 1656.
5 Ironclad Rules For Getting Through Your Breakup Even if we're not in love, it can be hard to walk away from something, however imperfect, when loneliness is the other option. If you're beginning to realize the relationship you're in is headed for a dead end, here are a few tips to help get you through the worst of it.
I Had A Miscarriage At Work Although the fear and confusion of that moment have since faded, the profound sense of loss lingers very close to the surface and that's okay. It's okay to be sad about losing something you didn't want. It's natural to be frustrated when your right to a decision was bypassed.
Conservative News Hosts Bring Up Kelly Clarkson's Weight For No Apparent Reason 
What It Takes To Take The Lead Challenge and controversy is a big slice of the leader's pie. People watch how you handle yourself and adversity.
Procrastinators Anonymous Hi. My name is Lucinda Cross, and I am a former procrastinator. I am 10 years clean from procrastination. Please join me for a moment of silence followed by the Serenity Prayer which we will recite.
Looking Back at Women's History Month, It's All about 'B' Just last year, Smith went missing for nearly 18 hours -- and was later found in Manhattan. Her struggle with the disease continues, yet she and Gasby have not only been devoted to each other, but to the cause.
Ovaries Before Brovaries I'm well aware that Leslie Knope is a fictitious character. However, through Amy Poehler's enthusiasm and witty inclusion of feminist principles, Leslie is brought to life.  Leslie Knope is the complete embodiment of feminism.
Some Good News About Bad Dates When you can see what's happening in your mind and your body -- oh, my heart rate is going up, and my thinking is getting a little cloudy -- you can take a step back from it, rather than getting carried away by it.
Dear Chivalry, Please Die (and Stay Dead!) I believe these seemingly harmless social norms serve to send a mixed -- and ultimately harmful -- message to men. When it comes down to it, how can we as women demand equal wages when we also expect to be paid for?
Mel B On The State Of 'Girl Power' In 2015 
Why I'll Miss Winter (and Other Improbabilities) When the blizzard is done and I fire up my snowblower, there is a real feeling of regaining a bit more control over my world. Seeing a clean sidewalk due to my efforts that has been carved out of the elements gives me great satisfaction.
It's Time To Change Our Approach To Sexual Assault When it was over and he was snoring loudly on the couch while I lay shivering on the floor, the last thing I thought was sexual assault.
What It Would Sound Like If Your Inner Critic Spoke Out Loud 
The Glitch in 'Basic B*tch' Maybe it's because I'm currently working from Los Angeles, the mecca of discriminating in the name of social demand, or maybe it's because I've heard this phrase at least a dozen plus times this week alone -- but can we talk about the term \basic b*tch,\ please?
I Called Myself A Bitch, and Then Thought Twice About It I thought more about the word. It's everywhere. Often not even beeped out of television shows, \bitch\ is in rap songs and pop songs and on t-shirts. \It's Britney, bitch.\ \I'm in Miami, bitch.\
Why We Need More Abortion Providers 
Fit Bodies Aren't Perfect, Either 
3 Reasons Why Dating Is a Nightmare Nowadays our endless amount of choices, make us feel like there's so many options, we can't even commit to a date. We're always looking for the next best thing. Today's society is as confused as ever.
A Tale of Accidental Entrepreneurship Born and raised in China, Pocket often heard her father often say, \Create jobs for people, instead of waiting to get a job from them.\ And while female entrepreneurship has become more visible in China these days, entrepreneurship wasn't a path she wanted to pursue as a twenty-something.
American Apparel Casting Call Says 'Instagram Hoes' Not Welcomed 
Empowering Female Entrepreneurs and Crushing Tech Sexism at SXSW 2015 I was the first female CEO in the top 25 research companies. When I sold my company, I worked with all VC guys. They ran a company built with numbers; I ran a company built with passion. They rewrote my pitch deck, because I was told, \This is how you do it.\
13 Portraits That Reveal What Women Really See When They Look At Themselves 
I Am (Dating)? I am a mother; I am a mechanic; I am a plumber; I am a landscaper; I am a caretaker.
Making Hollywood Less Sexist, One Crowd Scene at a Time If the fictional world of film and TV shows a landscape of female characters who are diverse, who have\u00a0 unique attributes, who are CEOs and doctors and scientists -- how will that inspire our children? Will our children expect women in leadership roles? It should then be normal.
Women's Colleges For me, Spelman College is more than an academic institution. It is the place where I first tasted the freedom to be myself without the fear of rejection or judgment. Spelman has become my North Star.
Starving for a Fantasy Healthy Lily James may be, but that is not the message that girls are receiving -- not from the plain, old images they see and certainly not when they hear that an already thin woman needed to avoid food to fit into a costume.
An App That Highlights The History Women Made Right Beneath Your Feet 
The Definitive List of Men You'll Find At Whole Foods If you're looking for a man, look no further. I'm here with the definitive list of men you'll find at what I like to call, \Disneyland for those with dietary restrictions.\
The Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
My Struggle to Make Peace With My Body What if we collectively, as women, stopped viewing the unrealistic images of women's bodies we see daily in the media as being normal and beautiful and started giving our bodies the love we so readily and unconditionally give everyone else in our lives?
Why Redefining Masculinity Is Important 
Monica Lewinsky Is Back, But This Time It's On Her Terms 
Monica Lewinsky Is Back, But This Time It's On Her Terms 
Losing And Finding My Mother After Her Stroke In the last five years, our relationship has been many things
Telling Women That Men Find Curves Attractive Is Not The Way To Solve Body Issues 
The Dark History Of Birth Control 
In One GIF, This 20-Year-Old Shows How Powerful Women Can Be 
10 Body Positive Instagram Accounts You Should Start Following Immediately 
'If We Don't Actively And Intentionally Include Women, The System Will Exclude Them' 
7 Absurd Things That Could Impact The Gender Wage Gap 
14 Female Powerhouses You Need to Meet at SXSW There's no shortage of stories of the careers that have been launched, or significantly propelled, during the three-week mega-event that is SXSW. If you're in Austin this month, here are a few of the female trailblazers you'd be lucky to meet.
#FatisNotaFeeling Activists Are Getting Harassed Like Whoa Why has #FatisNotaFeeling inspired such rage from the Internet trolls? Why are the women behind it meriting hate blogs and Internet stalkers? We're talking about a Facebook emoticon, here -- not a federal law or a constitutional amendment.
It's 2050 And Feminism Has Finally Won 
10 Things That Cost More For Women 
The Economic Scars Of Domestic Abuse 
8 Ruth Bader Ginsburg Quotes To Celebrate 82 Notorious Years 
I Laughed When My Father Died Yet even with the space she gave me, I still felt suffocated. Like I was choking on my father's memory. And I was. My father haunted me long before he died.
I Am Not My Internet Personality 
Freida Pinto Gave An Impassioned Feminist Speech Every Woman And Man Needs To Hear 
How Finding A Fat YA Heroine Changed My Life 
That Guy Who 'Isn't You' 
Let's Take Women (And Their Health) Seriously Because women matter, and public health is not just a feminist's cause. When half of our population isn't taken care of, we all pay, whether it's financially or in other ways.
My Mental Collection 
Clothing Company Apologizes For Ridiculously Sexist Shirt Label 
'Fifty Shades of Grey' -- From the Personal to the Political To turn to the real world, it is not uncommon to find households in which one parent dominates another. The power play in turn impacts the children.
5 Brilliant Quotes From Women, Illustrated 
The Meaningless Clich\u00e9s 'Bachelor' Contestants Couldn't Stop Saying 
The Competitive Blueprint of a Woman Well, now I look in the mirror and ask the hard questions.  I separate the important from the unimportant; the real from the fake; the benefit of the doubt from the judgments, the love from the darkness. And I make a choice.
3 Women's Health Issues Every Thinking Man (and Woman!) Should Know About As women break barriers and crack glass ceilings in countries like the U.S., in much of the developing world, women and girls still face staggering challenges to their health and well-being. This week seems like the right day to recognize three of them.
I Started Starving Myself When I Was 7 At age 7, I began counting calories and lost seven pounds. I remember that number, because I had apparently done better than my grandmother, who had also recently gone on a diet.
Now That International Women's Day Is Over, What We Need Is More International Women! Is it because women aren't being considered for the international assignments, or because they aren't taking them?
This Is What a Feminist Will Look Like A stay-at-home mom is sometimes considered anti-feminist, but what's really anti-feminist is thinking that women are incapable of making their own life choices, whether that be staying at home and raising a family or pursuing a career or some combination of the two that works for them.
How I Learned To Get Naked With Strangers Again After My Mastectomy Taking a deep breath, I unsnapped my bra. Eila leaned in close. I could practically feel her warm breath on the side of my chest, the place where \Lefty\ used to be. The place that was protected by a spray of persimmon-shaded flowers. \It's so beautiful,\ Eila said. And I believed her.
6 Battles Feminists Everywhere Are Still Fighting For Women's Rights 
On Wikipedia, Gamergate Refuses To Die 
31 Times Celebrities Gave The Best Damn Responses To Sexist Questions 
On Confronting The Ghosts Of Past Emotional Abuse 
Women on the Money The following women are among the 15 candidates that you can vote on to be the face on the $20 bill. All 15 have been inducted into the National Women's Hall of Fame
Teaching Women the Joys of Power When women's value proposition is actually met by their employers, their aspiration to a position of power soars -- enough, we hope, to blast past the fears and doubts that make the glass ceiling seem so impenetrable.
Why I Want to Live Like I'm 40 In My 20s In my mind, every year of my life is an opportunity to learn more about who I am and what I want from this life. It also gets me closer to the age I've always wanted to be... 40.
The Question That Changed My Life Asking myself that question literally changed my life. In response, evidence that I was wrong about myself began to appear. I went from a \no-talent\ recovering lawyer to a person who made it my mission to uncover what talents I truly possessed.
It's Scandalous That 31 Million Girls Receive No Education We are still not doing enough to close the gender gap; it is girls in rural areas who will be the last to go school. The harsh reality is we cannot talk about the prosperity of women and girls in Africa if we don't tackle the reasons girls are discriminated against and made vulnerable to exploitation in the first place.
Not All Working Women Can 'Lean In' Rarely, if ever, do we ask how those women without high wages, paid leave, affordable child care, or flexible schedules juggle their desperate need to earn money with caring for their family. But this is the big question that we all should be asking, because it turns out that there are real consequences for all of us.
For International Women's Day, Let's Pass IVAWA to Protect Women and Girls Today marks the 107th International Women's Day.  On this day, we recognize how far we've come in achieving critically important rights for women, but we must also acknowledge just how far we still have to go.
Where We Have Been and What We Can Become - Celebrating International Women's Day The idea for International Women's Day was born at a conference in Copenhagen in 1910. It sought to raise international awareness of the connection between all women and to bring attention to the cultural, social, and economic diversity of our lives.
The Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
Dear Men, Stop Telling Me 'Real Women Have Curves' My eating disorder was about everything and nothing. It brought up issues of control, self-loathing, perfectionism, and spiritual hunger. But it wasn't traceable to any of these things. And it certainly wasn't traceable to the desire to attract men.
Mind the (Gender) Gap Tackling this issue requires a change in a society's understanding of \what a woman can or can not do.\ Policies help. Signing treaties help. Yet, advocating a change in mentality requires reframing the conversation at the policy level.
Knowing Why We Celebrate International Women's Day As International Women's Day comes around, we have a lot to reflect on, but we must also remember women are not alone in our quest for justice. From Dhaka to DC, we are united in saying the rights that were denied to us will not be denied to our daughters.
Women Who Laugh In The Face Of Gender Stereotypes One issue that people face around the world is gender stereotyping. Overly-simplistic generalizations based on gender cause us to misunderstand and devalue women and men
Women While I was used to a heavy workload, nothing prepared me for the demands of simultaneously running an organization and a household. I naively believed that during my maternity leave I could keep one foot at work while spending quality time with my family. I was wrong.
Cyberstalking The shift to living virtually has happened so quickly and so pervasively, that we have hardly had time to adjust to all the implications. Just like every other sphere of life, crime too has gone online. And we are very poorly prepared.
Men Need to Check Each Other About Violence Against Women John eventually voiced that he found the celebrity statement sick and that I was not being heard and the conversation shut down from there. Just like that, one man changed the flow of conversation.
New Research On Mending A Broken Heart After a breakup, the newly-single often hear two somewhat contradictory pieces of advice. First, there are the friends and family members who encourage the heartbroken to \move on.\ But there are also more philosophical types who will encourage the lovelorn to grieve. Which is better?
Cosby Accuser Says She Was Coerced Into Sex Acts 
Star Wars, Starbucks and the Lesson That Changed My Life Cultivating resilience in the face of adversity is something a Jedi does quite well, and I am all about it.
Why is Success a Jalopy? The problem with a jalopy is that it breaks down. From time to time, the system falls apart. A child is sick, or a spouse or a parent. Or me.
A Challenge for Women It must be noted that the process of confidence and self-love is exactly that
10 Things I Wish I'd Said I'm not going to lie and say I'm 100 percent happy with the way I've handled certain things in my life. Although there are not situations I necessarily wish I'd avoided, or wish hadn't been thrust upon me, there are situations I wish I had responded to differently.
Emma Watson Will Answer Your Questions About Gender Equality 
Women's History As the feminist movement evolves, we must stay committed to not only seeking to raise the collective voice of women but also to ensuring that voice reflects the rich diversity of women.
I Don't Want Children -- Ever It's not that I don't want children right now. It's not that I don't want children until after I'm married, or after I've paid off my student loan debt, or after I've bought a house. There is no caveat to this statement. I do not want children ever.
I'm Every Woman Let's seek what makes us happy. Let's kiss guilt and sacrifice goodbye. Let's fulfill our purpose. Let's make life worthwhile for we were born to be happy. Let's not pretend but act, let's not just live but be alive.
Tomorrow's Women The way they dress, laugh and interact is not that far removed from my own teenage years -- they all have their own distinct personalities with an understandable dose of egocentricity, and some are better versed in social communication with adults than others.
Activists Rally For Domestic Violence Survivor Found Guilty Of Child Abduction 
7 Ways to Live (and Work!) Like You're Always on Vacation I stopped playing the work-life-money game I had been raised with and decided that since this was my one life, I was not going to spend it working or living for the future. And over the course of the last seven years, I have been able to create a life that truly feels like I'm on vacation every day.
In Depth You've seen women in burqas, niqabs, and abayas on the news -- but how many do you actually know? And what is it like to wear one all the time?
45 Things You'll Never Hear Most Men Say It goes without saying that men and women are different in infinite ways. And it goes without saying that women can be a bit more verbal about how they are feeling.
12 Ways To Support A Breast Cancer Warrior I've been a breast cancer warrior for eight months, chemo and surgery behind me, radiation and hormone therapy around the corner. My battalion is made up of loving, brilliant, powerful, and hilarious soldiers who have made this journey one of thriving, not just surviving.
What I Learned As A Man Who Lives With A Feminist I've spent the last 10 years getting to know my feminist more. And you know what's weird? She's awesome. She's amazing. She's an amazing feminist person.
6 Signs It May Be Time to Break Up With Your Friend Our friendships are a reflection of who we are. As we are growing and evolving as human beings, we may realize that some aspect of ourselves is no longer serving us. As a result, we may find ourselves needing to let friends go as well.
The Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
Why Plus-Size Model Tess Munster's #effyourbeautystandards Is A Contradiction There are instances when I'm not even thinking about how I look, what I'm wearing or how I am perceived because I am too busy living. And that is when my authentic self appears.
6 Eating Disorder Myths Debunked 
50 Shades of Abuse We are teaching women that they don't have to examine the affects of their abuse and work on empowering themselves. This doesn't break the cycle of gender-based violence in our culture. This perpetuates it. And that is not acceptable.
Bulimia Is A B*tch I was afraid to like myself. I had no idea how to love myself. The world couldn't know who I really was. If it did, then I'd feel even more rejected.
How I Survived Anorexia After accepting my diagnosis, anorexia seemed like the one special thing about me. \Recovery\ seemed synonymous with \fatness,\ \failure\ and \mediocrity.\ When my therapist threatened hospitalization, I lied, promising to gain necessary weight.
A Powerful Look At How Devastating Sexual Bullying Can Be 
What The Future Could Look Like For Women With Sexual Dysfunction 
I Was Assaulted On Campus 20 Years Ago, And I'm Still 'Carrying That Weight' I remembered the several hours I had spent there during my own Columbia freshman orientation, back in 1996. I had awoken in the middle of the night pinned to my bunk bed by a man who breathed hotly on my face, promising we would \do it again soon.\
Will 'Pink Viagra' Cure Monogamy? Strict sexual monogamy has always had more to do with property rights than with erotic pleasure. It's served us pretty well for thousands of years. But it's not exactly natural.
Fifty Shades of Feminism This movie, Fifty Shades of Grey, will challenge us. It will be a turning point. It will begin a fight for women in many ways.
Great African-Americans in Wax The National Great Blacks in Wax Museum in Baltimore, Maryland honors African-American heroes and heroines. Match the following heroines with her accomplishment.
12 Haunting Photos Reveal What It's Like To Struggle With An Eating Disorder 
The Threat of Prison for Unpaid Fees Looms Large for Women How do you celebrate four years sober from drugs and alcohol? For Ann Marie Jones, it is going to the courthouse to set up a payment plan for the thousands of dollars in court fees she owes after many years in and out of the criminal justice system.
5 Perfect Quotes From HBO's 'Girls' Season 4, Episode 6 
Breaking Free from the Need to Do More Success, at home and in the workplace, requires us to take charge of our mindset and manage the negative thoughts and beliefs stored within
Feminism If girls that exhibit masculine tendencies are praised for their strength while boys that display more feminine interests are rejected, what are we teaching children about gender? At a young age, we are already showing children that traditionally feminine characteristics aren't valuable.
7 Guys You Should Break Up With, Stat With all of the monumental heartache, building insecurities and irreparable damage that presents itself after such said rejection, there are still certain instances when you should welcome it -- actually, you should count your lucky stars that you dodged this destructive bullet and the Gods above threw you a bone.
10 Must-See Movies Made By Women In The Past Year 
What Oscar Movies Would Look Like Without All The White Dudes 
Women's History Inspires an Invincible Attitude The fact is, Susan B. Anthony was a remarkable woman, and  as February 15th was her birthday, it seems a good time to honor her lifetime of advocating for women's rights by sharing a bit about her in this week's post.
The Superficiality of Online Dating Apps This myriad of online dating apps have given rise to a pick and choose shopping behavior that emphasizes looks more so than ever. We now browse potential suitors as if we're looking through a catalog, or better yet.. window shopping.
The Modern Woman's Manifesto Sometimes we'll get it right and sometimes we'll mess up and have to start over. I know this because I have had the pleasure of meeting and interviewing hundreds of women from all across the country -- women who are trying to chart their own course.
Getting Real about 'Unconscious Bias' at IAB 2015 Change won't happen if we just talk about it, it will only happen if we do something about it. Here are some key takeaways to bring to your workplace:
Leslie Knope's Most Feminist Moments She tackles these double standards head-on, questioning the way we traditionally judge women. Leslie (and that sweet, sweet hubby Ben) show us how sexist assumptions make a mockery of not just women but men as well and ultimately act as a disservice to all of us.
Six Warnings About the Film Fifty Shades of Grey Fans defend the film as providing fun, pure fantasy and a community, but as a couples counselor, sex therapist, and teen advisor for decades, I worry about take-away messages from the movie.  Here are my warnings.
Shared Leadership Among Women and Men A recent report explores public attitudes about gender and leadership with a particular focus on leadership in U.S. politics and business. It illuminates differences in attitudes among four generations of adults and gives us some clues as to the work that needs to be done for women.
How Women Are Changing The World, Shown In Gorgeous Illustrations 
Women, Stop Apologizing For Existing Existing in a space is not a privilege -- it is a right. Treat it as such, and have the courage to stop apologizing for it.
10 Reasons To Love Your Thighs Exactly The Way They Are You deserve love. Your thighs, big or small, deserve love. Unless you're a cold-blooded murderer or torturer of kittens. If either of those are the case, please carry on with self-loathing.
4 Unfair Perceptions of People With Disabilities or Illnesses Some perceptions of disability and illness are too messed up and extreme for my liking. Persons living with these conditions are seen as really good or really bad, but there never seems to be a middle ground. This means that disability/illness status is used to judge our characters. Without further ado, here's the \good\ and the \bad\ of disability/illness perceptions.
The Lure of Sugar Daddy Sites Men who seek younger partners may be having problems aging and are trying to re-establish a connection with the culture of a younger generation.
The 20-Week Abortion Bans This legislation not only attacks women's rights, but it discriminates against people with low income and impedes other healthcare services as well.
This Is What An All-Male Feminist Group Would Look Like 
Valentines Day 
I'm A Bad Feminist, But Not Because I Don't Like Iggy Azalea Being a feminist does not provide a \get out of racism free\ card, and that is the card Iggy has been playing over and over since her rise to fame, which a lot of folks seem to have a whole deck of, from dismissive reactions to Susan B. Anthony's racism to flippancy regarding Madonna's use of the N-word.
To the Jerk From My Summer Job I sat there for a second, stunned. My menu was open; I had been thinking about eggs and hash browns (it's never too late in the day for those.) But suddenly, rather than eating, I wanted to punch you in the face and get the hell out of there.
Valor, Victimhood, and Valentine's Day This year for Valentine's I'm cooking myself a steak and pouring myself a glass of Merlot. I will cut into my steak, red and rare, decant my dark, rich wine, and this is its own bloody communion.
Don't Let the Headphones (Or the Extra Fat) Fool You This was a good reminder to me about the importance of not judging a book by its cover. It was a good reminder that you can never really know where someone has been, what they're going through, or what they are working towards in their life.
11 Tough Love Lessons I Learned From My Ex-Boyfriends You can't always trust that others will respect your boundaries after you state them. You have to be sure that you make actions that reinforce your boundary -- no matter how painful and difficult that might be.
Valentine's Day, Secret Love, and Edith Wharton Edith Wharton is not a writer you tend to think of on Valentine's day. Her marriage was unhappy and the affair she had in her forties was with a faithless cad (it was a secret until the 1970s).
If Disney Princesses Realized They Could Save Themselves 
Get the Love You Want -- #emergingnow Like anything transformational, self-compassion and self-love only come alive through practice. Here is my simple approach to this powerful practice -- culled from the amazing Self-Compassion authors I have mentioned in this post already. Check out these four steps...
Diamonds Are a Girl's Best Friend -- and Other Feminist Truths Unlike other objects, diamond rings powerfully inculcate gender differences and sexual status. They say, \I am taken,\ and a large ring says, \I am taken by a rich man that would crush your man, Darwinian-style.\
3 Risky Ways to Fall Deeply in Love So what actions lead to love? Here are three in honor of Valentine's Day, all based on fostering vulnerability. Before you run for the woods, hear me out.
Inked -- What I Did for Love What is an appropriate present for your 20th wedding anniversary? Over 19 years John and I had enjoyed dinners at our favorite sushi restaurant, weekends in Ojai, bonsai classes, the Cemetery of the Stars Tour. But facing year 20, I was stuck. Creatively challenged.
The First Half Hour Of 'Fifty Shades' Was Basically A 'That's What She Said' Joke 
How Olivia Pope Has Redefined Leadership for Young Women Pope's impeccable problem solving skills, assertiveness and unapologetic demeanor are traits that attribute to her success as a fixer. However, these qualities are typically not viewed positively when displayed by women. Yet, she is revered by those around her.
How Bell's Palsy, Breaking Bad, and Baby Number Three Saved My Marriage I am proud to admit that my fears were in vain and we are still in that happy place. Don't get me wrong it's not all unicorns and rainbows but it's so much more than business. And thanks to The Walking Dead we still have a mutual obsession.
Love Hurts There is nothing new, unique, or even creative about Fifty Shades of Grey. It's just the latest installment of pop culture messages that teach girls and young women that truly hot and irresistible love includes some element of violence and danger.
When Words Justify Sexism Talking about feminism and opening the door for discussion is the best way to get the ball of equality rolling down the rocky hill that is American society.
Why Women Are Choosing Their Dogs Over Dates On Valentine's Day 
'Hot Dudes Reading' Is Proof There's Nothing Sexier Than Books 
20 Creepy Valentines That Will Remind You Love Is Dead 
9 Ways Dating And Working Out Are Similar Both discovering what dating is again and experimenting with the gym and new workouts have a learning curve that requires trial and error. Here are nine ways they are extremely similar...
How A Comedy About Bulimia Aims To Change The Conversation On Eating Disorders 
Circuit Train My Brain What would make this experience different? Why would this stick when nothing else really has? I kind of turned the tables and asked my new trainer.
Marry Yourself Looking for love externally, and even finding someone who seems to adore you, can be a fleeting thing if you do not have a strong foundation of self-esteem. It is honoring of oneself that opens the door for another to truly do the same.
Don't Fear the Cupid What if, instead of celebrating yourself on Valentine's Day, you just were yourself? What if you simply acknowledged that being alone on February 14 can be difficult? I'm not saying wallow in it. I'm saying acknowledge that it is hard.
Why Loving Yourself This Valentine's Day is the Most Important Thing While the roses, the chocolates, the teddy bears, and the love is nice, when it comes down to it, loving yourself is a gift unlike any other. And that's not to say that you can't spend your Valentine's Day loving yourself while you're in a relationship.
Hello Valentine About a month ago, I told my man I was \not a Valentine's girl.\ I insisted no gifts and assured him we could stay home and order pizza. I did not care about Valentine's Day and I meant it. Yesterday I changed my mind. A little.
'Fifty Shades' Director 
The Top Five Writing Lessons of 'Fifty Shades of Grey' Not only has it introduced many people to the world of kink, it's given them a lesson in how\u00a0not\u00a0to write. And if a lack of literary merit didn't slow down sales, well, at least people can learn about the elements of style while being turned on by the elements of sadomasochism
Happy Valentine's Day? Roses, Hearts, and Breaking Apart Don't make Valentine's Day any bigger than it needs to be. Spend time doing something you both love without going above and beyond and stressing out. Invest in gifts that are priceless, from the heart, not the wallet. Instead, relax, have fun and simply enjoy each other.
Perimenopause -- What the Heck Is Happening to My Body? Perimenopause is the time leading up to your final menstrual period and can last up to several years.
It's Getting More And More Dangerous To Work At An Abortion Clinic 
5 Perfect Quotes From 'Girls,' Episode 4 
Soledad O'Brien 
7 Things I Miss About Love In The '90s The world worked differently then -- how people met, how we kept in touch. Numbers on scraps of paper were easy to lose, but somehow, we still found each other.
Feminism Is a Popularity Contest That I'm Losing No, I don't live in New York; I'm not competing for press; I'm not trying to be the most liked or endorsed. Sure, I still have moments of frustration, but I'm focused on me. And I can honestly say I've never felt more comfortable in my skin.
Why It Matters The Internet Is Made By Men For Men 
The Problem With Calling Women 'Females' 
On The Red Carpet, A Revolt Builds Over The Pageantry 
5 Reasons Why Your Vagina Is A Total Boss 
Can 36 Questions Make You Fall in Love? We would all love a formula for how to fall in love, and while I don't think the 36 questions are that, I do think they could be very useful for online daters.
10 Reasons We Need A Feminist 'Ghostbusters' Some men seem to be threatened that the childhood memories will be ruined or that a classic film will be emasculated. But there are at least 10 reasons that women will rock a remake of the 1980s classic in a demon and ghost-possessed 21st century.
Beneath the Exterior Behind every individual, every person, every face, there remains a powerful story filled with struggles, triumphs, and experiences to be uncovered.  The secret to uncovering that story?  Perspective.
Why I Don't Want To Have It All I'm a married, childless 28-year career-minded feminist and I already know I can't have it all... nor do I want it.
12 Women On What Harper Lee's Work Has Meant To Them 
Top 5 Signs You're Taking the Valentine's Day Version Of Romantic Love Too Seriously You expect your partner to take you to an overpriced prix fixe dinner in a place that looks like pink and red exploded everywhere and you'll be dreadfully disappointed if this doesn't happen. You don't care what it costs, or even if it's fun; you just want to see some streamers.
Top 8 Love Lessons from 'The Bachelor' (New Mexico Is a State) Sit on your partner's lap (or vice versa), place your mouths an inch apart, don't kiss and just breath in synch with each other (one in, the other out, etc.) while touching each other \like you've never felt another human body before.\
Rx for Being Single on Valentine's Day Don't fret this Valentine's Day. It's just a day. You are not less if you are alone. In fact, you can create a Valentine's Day date for yourself that requires only your attendance that can be fabulous. It is all in the power of your mindset, your attitude and how you perceive being single.
Cartoon Humor 
A Few Thoughts Regarding 2015 I can continue to take pleasure in small victories, moments, and search for beauty on daily basis. I can continue to love and to grow in that love -- what it means and how it can transform. And, above all, I can be grateful. I am here and I am alive and sometimes, more often than not, this is more than enough.
7 Ways Women in Tech Can Break the Glass Ceiling While the numbers are bleak, we need to be focused on how to drive change. As a female tech founder, I've seen many of the challenges firsthand and wanted to share the lessons I've learned along the way.
The Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
A Dirty Little Secret About My Sex Life There are some things you can't share with strangers. But since we're friends, I wanted to let you in on a little known fact concerning my sex life.  It's a strange thing, but not in a urinate-on-you kind of strange. It's better described as peculiar.
Millennial Women Are Taking a Laissez-Faire Approach to Romance The math is pretty simple
Are You Being Owned By Life? Or Are You Owning Life? I write these blogs to help you, to make you realize that you're not alone in the way that you're feeling but that you don't have to feel the way you feel. You can change. Your life can be so much more than what it is.
Why the Rise of DIY Business Tools Is Good for Women Business Owners Now more than ever, the world really is our oyster, and women are leaping on these opportunities. It's a leveling of the playing field that has been a long time coming, and a trend that shows no signs of dying out.
Is the First Cut Really the Deepest? Our first love may not be our last love. But it's forever etched in our hearts. It's the reminder of the finest part of ourselves as we found unity with another. It's the template we seek to revisit.
Lipstick-Smearing Selfies Aim To Raise Awareness For Cervical Cancer 
The Bachelor Weirdness Summed Up by Blake Shelton and SNL The Bachelor is an impossible situation for women who don't know themselves and who aren't confident. Sharing deeply traumatic events too early when meeting someone may heal you, but it won't solidify the ground on which a lasting partnership can be built.
Emma Watson's Advice On Women In Engineering Is Seriously On Point 
Stepping Into An Executive Role Recently, I took the time to reflect on this period and wrote down my key takeaways. One of my mentors, who happens to be my current boss, taught me to always present things in \threes\... so here goes...
WATCH 
16 Ways Women Succeed in Sisterhood and Society So whether we are entrepreneurs, employees, stay-at-home mothers, students, relatives, friends, or business associates, as women, our genuine affinity to one another need not be the exception.  It should serve as the inspiration everyone else uses to reset their beautiful circles.
Serving Life For Surviving Abuse 
If Men Menstruated, Would Periods Still Be Taboo? 
Women Murdering Men In Western Art History 
My Therapist Assaulted Me -- And I Passed A Law To Keep It From Happening Again Each therapy session he would cross the boundaries a little bit more and each time, I told myself that it was me who had the problem. He was a professional with years of experience, education, and training. He knew what he was doing, and I was the one that needed help.
The Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
Who's Getting in? A Simple Look at Recent Female Director Appointments How do we get more women onto more boards? We should want this not because of some handout or some quota, but because they are well-qualified and will make contributions that will improve the functioning of the companies which they serve.
A Look Back at Where Pay Equity Has Been and Where It's Going When it comes to reaching pay equity, the pace of change is glacial. Just how long will it take until we see equal pay? At this rate, it could be more than 100 years.
Amazing Sex Is My Blessing And Curse \You are exactly what he needs, so if he is ready, it will be perfect. If not, don't stay for the sex.\ Well... I stayed for the sex.
21 Inspirational Images Of Women Standing Up For The Right To Choose 
Looking For Love? Put Down Your Cell Phone Put down your phones. Strike up a conversation. Your future love interest could be standing right in front of you...ordering a soy latte.
Is The Stereotype That 'Women Can't Be Geniuses' Causing Gender Gaps? 
Feminist, Body-Positive Pin-Ups Are Unbelievably Gorgeous 
Ending Violence Against Women Should Be Common Political Ground Let me suggest one area where the two parties should easily find agreement
5 Perfect Quotes From HBO's 'Girls' Season 4, Episode 2 
6 Confessions Of A Curly-Haired Girl I am a proud, big-haired girl. In photos, my head is usually double the size of anyone else's. Us curly-haired girls have some secrets (at least I do) that may surprise you when it comes to our hair care regimen.
These Days, Is 'Love' Meaningless? As a concept, love has always fascinated me. The word itself is dull at best; one syllable, two vowels, four letters. But it's humanity's obsession, the one thing we crave more than wealth and power.
'I Didn't Just Scream' 
Is Facebook Making Us Lonely? My friends? My true friends? I miss them. I think that these superficial conversations and check-ins which give me that false feeling of having connected with people are the reason I feel lonely and dissatisfied as I sit here at my desk.
Becoming Selfish Loving myself created space for others to love me. I realized quickly what I would not tolerate from others. People only treat us as good as we treat us. If we don't truly love us, we create an obstacle course for others on their way to loving us. We set the bar.
How Facebook Healed My Broken Heart So what am I grateful for now my heart is almost healed from the end of a romantic relationship that moved my heart in a good way forever? I am grateful it happened at all for the heartbreak has brought as much love into my life as the relationship did and for both I say thank you.
The Working Woman's Guide to Creating Meaningful and Transformative Goals Through this step-by-step process to creating meaningful and transformative goals for this next year, not only will you be superwoman at work, but you'll thrive in all areas of your life and realize the most fulfilling year of your life yet!
Why I Still Watch The Bachelor Yes, The Bachelor franchise is cheesy, unrealistic and arguably degrading to both men and women. BUT it's also highly entertaining and a perfect, fluffy-beach-read-visual treat.
10 Things I Don't Miss About Drinking There were moments during my drinking that I would stop and look at myself and wonder what I had become.
So, You're Gonna Do Chemo? Ultimately, various cancer treatments from all over the world should be available and put into practice. Not for one minute did I want to do chemo, obviously. But within the span of one year something totally undetected became very palpable indeed.
Jimmy Carter 
'Clarissa Explains It All' -- Even White Supremacy 
Words She Never Said As I looked at the photos, I realized that I found myself unable to relate to any of the adoptees who were searching for answers. They had clues and tidbits of information they could use to help locate their birth parents. If I were to create a poster, it would be empty.
Designing Your Life It is time to be greedy and focus on YOU this year. Changing to this new mindset will not happen overnight but it can happen and should happen. It is time to tend to write the vision and make it plain. It is time to Activate your dreams and goals.
The Abortion Tipping Point 
About a Purse Clearly in denial, I put the purse over my arm and modeled it in front of the bathroom mirror. Soft leather, the right size, perfect. When I put the purse back on the kitchen counter, I realized my sweatshirt smelled like fish and chemicals. So did my hands.
All The Men You'll Meet On The Way To That Feminist Boyfriend 
How I Found Humor As A 35-Year-Old Quad Amputee When situations like these occur, we are all faced with a psychological challenge. I could have become really embarrassed and closed off and decided never to go out in public to prevent my leg or wig from falling off or to prevent hearing the words \she has no hands.\ But wouldn't that be avoiding life?
5 Reasons Being 'Good in Bed' Won't Make Him Put a Ring on It There's no doubt that sex is incredibly important to a good, healthy marriage, but man cannot live on lust fulfillment alone. Building your marriage on sex is like building it on the Louisiana bog of Naked and Afraid. It's bound to sink and someone's bound to be killed by a water mocassin.
Cancer Cancer is something that I did not worry much about. Heart disease and diabetes ran in my family. They concerned me. Cancer is like grief. You do not completely understand its stronghold until it knocks on your door.
What Glass Ceiling?! Women can face barriers to achieving success in any sector of work and at any level of society. Therefore, we must ground ourselves in our values, potential to be change agents and being able to carry out a purpose in life.
'Girls' Producer 
Are You Brave Enough to Be Honest? The truth is that all we have at stake is a little rejection. I know first-hand how that stings. But I promise you, you can survive it. And you might be pleasantly surprised by what you get back.
I Lost My Job, But Might Find Myself Although it's still raw, there's a sense that a weight has been lifted off my shoulders and that maybe this is just what I needed to find something that is healthier for me -- physically and mentally.
It Was Me All Along The thinness I'd achieved came with its own brand of indignity. It was the fear of gaining back each pound, of proving myself a fail\u00adure, that plagued me. It was the fatness of my shadow that followed me into the dark alley of an eating disorder.
Boyfriend Uses Ryan Gosling Meme To Fight Absurd Pooping Double Standards 
3 Mistakes Most People Make When Creating Their Vision Board Now give the same bag of random items to some adults and they won't know what to do. They will begin searching the bag for instructions. Looking to see what should be done or how. There is no zest, no test just where are the instruction so I can do this the \right way.\
21 Things To Stop Giving A Sh*t About In 2015 
Losing Weight Won't Make 2015 A Better Year Let me be frank
'A Group That Cheers Me on in Life' When I got divorced in 2010, I had a chance to step outside this \don't get attached\ pattern as I reorganized my life. I began to invest more time in my surroundings so that they reflect a truer picture of who I am. As luck would have it, I met a creative new friend, my Lean In co-moderator Kaylynn, who is a fashion and photo stylist. Kaylynn helped me transform my home physically and insisted that I truly \move in.\
5 Easy Steps to a Brave 2015 Start to become aware of your life and your emotions, without judgment. If scary or painful feelings come up, feel them and let them pass. Resist the urge to numb them with coffee, wine, your news feed or stale candy canes. It's time to stop numbing and start truly living.
I Am a Woman. I Am a Feminist. How Can I Question the Story of a Rape Victim? I can personally admit that my racial, ethnic, gender, and religious identities play a role in my decision making. I cannot say that this is inherently bad, but it is something that all of us should be cognizant of while framing our opinions on controversial issues.
2014's Best Feminist Videos -- And Worst WTFs From cuttingly clever videos critiquing street harassment to downright offensive ones equating the female vote with wedding dress shopping (yes, that happened), 2014 ran the gamut between commendable and despicable.
11 Things That Helped People Everywhere Love Their Bodies In 2014 
11 Things Women Were Told Not To Do In 2014 
New Year's Resolutions Don't Have to Be Perfect The new year is almost here and along with it, the opportunity to set resolutions and create new habits.
15 Quotes Every Woman Should Live By In 2015 
I Fell In Love Carrying Another Man's Child I fell in love across the Atlantic in a country more beautiful than God himself while four months pregnant with another man's child.
Family Greetings That Will Stop Your Mother In Her Tracks Tired of hearing your mother ask you when you're going to find the right person and settle down? Try sending a holiday greeting like this. That'll keep your mom quiet.
Emily Zola at Target Emily moved forward as if propelled by a mysterious force of desire. The lingerie department impressed her with its sublimity and grace. She swept past the Gilligan & O'Malley camisoles, robes and nightgowns in pinks and purples, nude Spanx shorts and bins of panties.
A Single Girl's Guide to Holiday Shopping Shopping is analogous to active enrollment in the biggest ritual of social expectations there is -- The Holidays. And if you're single, holiday shopping can do a real number on you.
The Elusive 'All' Fast forward to the present where women are now torn between having it, not having it, trying to have it or pretending to have it all. After all, nowadays if we are not leaning in and slow cooking at the same time, we definitely don't have it all, do we?
What It's Like To Date When You're A Poet The trouble I seem to be experiencing is that, by identifying as a poet, I'm basically declaring that money and/or financial security are not my primary life pursuits. This can be a challenging conversational exchange to have on a date, depending on the goals and interests of the person sitting across from you.
Memories of a Past Love And right before the flames would go out, if I let myself, I'd see our ghosts. Dancing in the corner, holding hands, tightly. Laughing, pointing to each house and telling each other stories of how life would be if, well, reality didn't so fervently want to disagree.
How Science Fiction And Fantasy Authors Made Me A Better Feminist 
Hackers' Threat To Release Iggy Azalea Sex Tape Reveals Ugly Truth About Online Misogyny 
How 2014 Was A Bad Year For Women But A Good Year For Feminism 
Why 2015 Will Be the Year of the Powerhouse Woman My bet is that 2015 is going to be a year when we see powerhouse women rise, not just to add to the dialogue, but to take action and effect change on issues that matter to women everywhere. Here's why.
How to Be Authentic and Find True Friends in a Competitive World Facebook is a fab outlet to connect with our friends, but it doesn't have to be the barometer of our worthiness anymore. We can live like we were meant to live -- fully, whole-heartedly and authentically. Let someone else keep up with the Joneses, because you're done.
Modern Fe-MEN-ism If feminism is about gender equality, then it's time to redefine roles for both women and men. It means inviting men to have a seat at the table and opening up the conversation to include them
How Your Friends Help Keep You Healthy We think of friendship as a way of pampering ourselves. The truth is, we don't realize our desperate need for consistent, authentic connection.
Does Wanting More Put Me on the Naughty or Nice List? Wanting money for money's sake is bad, but needing money to maintain a certain quality of life is good. But what exactly does that mean? What is this elusive future \life\? And just what does it cost to maintain it?
Fearless Women When K.V. Switzer filled out her application to run the Boston Marathon, she wasn't being secretive; that was how Kathrine Switzer signed her name. The first woman to run the Marathon, she had help in fending off the race official who tried to remove her.
On Feminism Feminism doesn't mean I don't want to be a girl, or that I don't like traditional girly things. Feminism means I have a choice to do so, and a society where it is safe.
3 Life Recipes For Surviving The Holidays Get up off that fainting couch. You're about to become the Banksy of winter footwear.
28 Pieces From 2014 Every Woman Should Read 
I Spent A Week As A '50s Housewife, And Here's What My Pretty Little Head Learned I'm 32, unmarried, childless, living in sin with my boyfriend and am obsessed with my career, fart jokes and podcasts about murder. I'm also a bad cook, mouthy and disorganized. In the actual '50s, I probably would have been burned at the stake, or at the very least, prescribed some very fun pills.
Mean Girls Versus Sluts Study after study confirms that women backstab, undermine and put down one another -- at work, in the PTA, out for drinks -- basically taking every chance they can to act out the movie Mean Girls long past high school.
The Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
7 Things That Will Happen When You're Home For The Holidays There's no place like home for the holidays. You get off the airplane and into the backseat of your dad's car and say to yourself, \Why the heck did I ever leave this place?\ Everything is exactly how you remember it. Or so you think.
To The Fit Woman At Marketplace Foods You told your friend it was nice to see someone like me buy vegetables \for a change.\ You know, because you have been shopping with me before to see what I buy. You also made the assumption that I do not care about my health.
Diary of a Young Professional Whether it's speed networking, happy hour or LinkedIn meet-ups, it's all equally annoying, particularly if no alcohol is involved. But like the savvy professionals we are, we must fake it until we make it, and leave our complaints at the check-in table... or if you're like me, right here.
Some Leaders Are Born Women Portraits in Leadership unveiled by Girl Scouts in December, features interviews of sitting members of Congress who discuss their thoughts on leadership. These Senators and Representatives vividly demonstrate that some leaders are born women.
Framing The Year-End Conversation At Work It's that time of year again... appraisals, evaluations, bonuses, raises. You know what you want. You know you've worked hard, but this is a tricky topic. Lean in? Wait for Karma? (please don't).
'Baby, It's Consent Inside' Is The Remix This Holiday Classic Needed 
Boggling Billboards Our country does not confuse freedom with permissiveness, emancipation with indifference. We must care about preserving the rights of our fellow Americans, and not be misled into tacitly supporting the subjugation of some.
You Know the Relationship Is Over When... 
Beware of People Who Love You! If you have a big vision for yourself and what you want to do in the world then it is absolutely vital that you surround yourself with other people like you who have a big vision of what they can achieve in the world.
Two Women Hilariously Remind Us What Feminists Really Want For Christmas 
The Gift of Sally Ride's Secret Sally Ride led a bifurcated life too. She didn't forget part of herself, she just chose not to present it to the world. I am fascinated by her success in transforming the world while hiding part of herself.
How Pop Culture Can Change The Way We Talk About Abortion 
10 Ways To Win Her Back If You're A Dude In A Rom-Com 
What No One Wants to Talk About During the Holidays It's like once the most wonderful time of the year hits, everyone smiles and gives thanks and acts nice and looks ahead to the new year. Everyone seems to check out of reality and focus on the happiness surrounding them.
How to Manage This Holiday Season When It Seems Everyone Else Is Pregnant Except You For a woman who has been trying to conceive, without success, this type of reflection and comparison can be devastating.  Of course, it is always difficult for women dealing with fertility challenges, but this time of year seems to be the worst.
If '80s Songs Were Written Today Imagine a time where you couldn't check Facebook every 19 seconds or Instagram your lobster mac and cheese before you even took a bite. Dark times.
Leaning In and Speaking Up Part II Warning
An Illustrated Guide To Feminism Sometimes, when I tell people that I am a feminist, they are a little confused about what, exactly, I mean.
The 'Plain' Truth The plain truth that they're missing is that physical appearance isn't very important.  To some extent, it reflects a life lived, especially at the extreme ends of the \looks\ continuum.
The Potential Political Implications Of Rolling Stone's UVA Rape Controversy 
And What Should I Have Done? Some people commenting on the alleged rape at the University of Virginia are angry at \Jackie\ for either making up the story or, if the story is true, not reporting it. Why wouldn't Jackie, or any victim of sexual assault, go to the police? They must be cowards. Shame on them.
5 Lies About 20-Somethings We Need To Stop Believing Often, people in our 20s are told, implicitly, this period in our lives is just a warm-up for adulthood; that it's about gaining experiences.
The Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
Why It Matters That Women Talk About Their Abortions 
I Was Taught To Be Ashamed Of My Sexuality They are the hurtful whispers in my head when I'm standing in front of the mirror naked. The thoughts and insecurities when I'm in bed with my husband. These are some of my most painful and embarrassing memories.
Men Redefining the Glass Ceiling of Gender Inequality The movement for gender equality was originally conceived as a struggle for women's rights by women and only for women. With the HeForShe movement, men are invited and empowered to step up for the women in their lives.
29 Years Later Boa Smith has turned the page. After 29 years behind bars for a deadly crime she says she didn't commit, Boa is in love with life and grateful to finally interact with all of the many pleasures that nature has to offer.
Why I Couldn't Look Myself in the Mirror Beyond the window, I see the mind and the heart of someone who chooses to listen to herself, her emotions and watches them pass by -- acknowledged but not burdened by them. Who doesn't use food as a quick, cheap fix for those feelings.
Why Questioning The Rolling Stone Story Isn't Threat To Feminism 
What Not to Do During an Interview Even if you do everything right leading up to an interview, when it comes to the actual interview, there are things you might do that can sabotage yourself and cause interviewers to form negative opinions,
The 29 Best Moments For Women In 2014 
Empowering Women and Girls to Own Their Worth I was tired of feeling that I wasn't thin enough, pretty enough, smart enough, tall enough or good enough, was keeping me from going after the things I wanted in life. I knew that regardless of what I weighed or looked like -- it was about changing the conversation.
Making Peace With Fear I believe that in any area of our life where we feel stuck, there is fear, and fear causes resistance.  I would encourage you to look into what your desires are, what your fears are and where you are encountering resistance. These are the areas that require your attention.
Feminism Is About Equality, Not a Particular Gender 
5 Weird Things People Find Cute When They're In Love We all know that there's an invisible switch that gets flipped after you fall head over heels for someone. Suddenly, a lot of the \deal breakers\ or \red flags\ you'd be quick to run away from become \quirks\ and \cute habits\ that you find endearing about your one and only.
Businesses Must Take a Stand Against Gender-Based Violence We need more than just lip service to women's rights. We need tangible, concrete measures designed to address gender-based violence in the workplace. Ensuring that women have access to jobs with decent pay and safe working conditions is critical to building a just and equal society.
Lessons Learned from Entrepreneurship (and Hustling) I've got an important anniversary coming up. In January, I will have officially been running my own business for three consecutive years.
23 Moments From 2014 We're Happy To Leave Behind 
The Place of the 'Able' in Disability Activism While the voice of the \able\ is very welcome in a discussion of disability, those who actually deal with disability and discrimination should not be afraid to speak up and voice their opinions and concerns.
How to Be Thankful for People, Places and Things Maybe something as simple as an \I'm thankful for\ jar, can be another way to slow down our lives. To force ourselves to put a pause button on the crazy and pat ourselves on the back for living life as well as we do. It's hard to be a functioning adult and I seriously commend everyone who tries.
I Rebelled Against My Parents' Frugal Ways -- And Paid For It I didn't understand why my parents didn't spend money -- and why they never let themselves live a little or take a break from the never-ending quest to save that last dollar. By the time I left for college, I was tired of feeling embarrassed about money, and vowed that I'd finally live the life I thought I deserved as an adult.
Sheryl Sandberg 
Maiden, Mother, Bitch Women in my generation have many more opportunities than our mothers did. We can choose to play out a different role, roles that our mothers never dreamed possible.
3 Myths About Female Sexuality -- And Why People Keep Believing Them Many headlines and statistics cited throughout the media regarding female sexuality, I've learned, derive from myths or studies that are outdated, misinterpreted or blown way out of proportion.
The Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
Don't Let Rolling Stone's Bad Journalism Hurt The Anti-Rape Movement Don't let the holes in this story diminish your rage, do not let the fire burning across our schools and nation be smothered by shoddy journalism and a troubled and traumatized girl who has clearly suffered.
An Open Letter To My Sisters About My Sexual Assault I've been working on this piece for over a year and it's gone through many incarnations. Throughout the process, I've learned that silence doesn't make things better, but knowing that silence isn't the answer wasn't enough to get me to speak out. Rather, it was you.
5 Reasons Developing Confidence Is Critical to Your Success Every step of my career path has been possible because I channeled the confidence that I needed -- from navigating corporate America to starting my own business. That's not to say that confidence was all I needed.
Fight for the Right to Take Nude Photos The surest way to avoid ever having your most private photos shared publicly is to not take them in the first place. This is the philosophy behind the most common advice given to teens, among whom the rates of \sexting\ continue to rise. Trust no one. Share nothing. Even better
Why Women Stay Stuck (And How to Get Unstuck) Nothing changes in our lives until we make a decision to move in a different direction. But how do we move when life paralyzes us by fear, anxiety and feelings of being overwhelmed? What do we do to get unstuck? Here are eight reasons why we find ourselves \stuck\ and how to get unstuck.
Learning to Let Go I'm still relatively new to the world of travel dating so my heart has not yet hardened to the understanding that some things just can't last... no matter how absolutely amazing the connection is and how much you really want to be with the person beyond the vacation.
9 Reasons To Love Your Vulva Research shows how you feel about your vulva matters, and it matters a lot. Here are nine reasons to work on accepting, and ultimately feeling blissful, about all parts of your body.
To My Spirit Driven Boss Ladies Boss Ladies of the world -- you are spirit driven. You know who you are. Making the world a better place whether you are working on the proverbial low hanging fruits, or speaking truth to power.
Pregnant Woman Blasts Anti-Abortion Activists, Floors Everyone 
I Temporarily Had A Physical Disability I learned a lot by having L\u00f6fgren syndrome. It taught me how strong and resilient people with disabilities can be, but more importantly, it taught me that people with disabilities don't want my pity -- they want respect and solidarity, just like any other person does.
Chris Rock Says He Watches Movies And 'Doesn't See One Black Woman' 
6 Steps To Survive The Holiday Season After Loss The first year, I didn't cook Thanksgiving dinner or shop for Christmas presents. I had other children, sure. But I didn't have Emma, and that defined me
Women in Construction I work hard to prove that women have an equal, if not greater place in construction, especially at the management level. While it may remain a primarily male industry for a long time, the role and influence of women of construction will continue to grow and dominate.
Wearable Fitness May Actually Get 'Wearable' 
The Only Reason You Need to Know for Why Your Relationship Didn't Work Out The bottom line is that you can't control any aspect of a relationship except what you put into it -- and what you are willing to accept from it. My friend wants to know why things went down the way they did, but she may never find out.
An Unexpected Seasonal Bonus A perfectionist for as far back as I can remember, I can now embrace my imperfections. I realize at last that I wouldn't have half the insight upon which I have come to rely were it not for those trying times in my life.
Where 13 Famous Women Were At Awkward Age 20 Being 20 is actually pretty liberating. You're allowed to be unsure about everything. You're allowed to change your mind about what you want in life. Success can come later, but for now, just know that you're not alone.
Thanksgiving If food is your largest cause of anxiety, having an entire day focused entirely upon that subject feels like entering a bad dream.
Our 'Rape Problem' Can't Be Solved By Colleges Particularizing \rape on campus\ in the search for real and lasting prevention and solutions will not solve the problem of rape on campus.  The culture that enables rape is the broader one of male dominance, violence and exploitation.
Gratitude and Grace My kids shrink from the annual dinner tradition of reciting three things they're grateful for, but they participate nonetheless. If nothing else, it makes them think for a moment about how they've been aided along the way to enjoy the lives they are now living.
My Husband Died, How Can I Be Thankful? Yes, that overladen Thanksgiving table may look nothing short of sickening to you now. You can't remember when you had an appetite, and you doubt seriously it will suddenly arrive simply because it is Thanksgiving. So, marshal your power and tell your family and friends what you think you need.
The Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
Bruised Little Girls Curse To 'Break The Silence About Domestic Violence' 
My 'Permanent' Birth Control Option Failed In A Major Way 
3 Reasons to Date the Bad Boy I could see the wrongness from a mile away. I had the good sense to push away the first night we met. I got out of the danger zone pretty quickly, but not without first giving him my phone number and getting a bad case of infatuation.
Letters to Hadley The world has a habit of judging people on their looks. I wish it were different, but it's not. You'll quickly learn that everyone has an opinion on what's pretty and it's virtually unavoidable to not feel the weight of those expectations.
What's So Feminine About Being a Feminist? Do we need a few policy changes, sure, but the real issue is the lack of balance between masculine and feminine characteristics in the world. And I don't mean male vs. female. True empowerment comes from peace, which is exactly what the 21st century should be about.
Why I Talk About My Abortion We don't want to talk about the sadness that often comes with motherhood in general, never mind things like miscarriage, infertility or death. We ask women to give birth to stillborn babies and then expect them not to talk about it. We certainly don't want to say the word abortion.
Focusing On Your Ability Having choices is supposed to be a good thing, but when you are a woman, one choice in life sucks. The choice that I am referring to is the one regarding embracing either your feminine side or your intellectual side based on the career you enter.
Here's What Women Have To Say About The Bill Cosby Accusations 
16 Famous, Glorious Women With Armpit Hair 
When Everyone Is A Feminist, Is Anyone? 
The Words We Need to Ban to Help End Violence Against Women It's time to break the cycle of violence, which is often codified in church doctrines, even here, even now. And part of breaking that cycle of violence, particularly this week, is to accept the challenge to eliminate violence against women from our speech.
Former Playboy Playmate Says Bill Cosby Raped Her 
I'm A Black Woman Who Dressed As A Nerd, A Video Girl, And Myself On OKCupid, And Here's What Happened I changed the pictures on my profile once a week, allowing enough time for new people to register the change. The information on my profile always remained the same; the only thing that changed was the pictures. I didn't respond to any message during the duration of this experiment.
Star Of TLC Show About Polygamy Says Father Molested Her 
New Woman Comes Forward With Bill Cosby Story 
5 Notable Women On The True Importance Of Feminism Feminism has become the word du jour. But what's its message? Its goals? Why is it so divisive?
The Week When a Woman Wanted to Ban the Word Feminist and Other Misogynistic Musings If my ability to vote and have equal pay and control my body emasculates a man, well the issue is with him, not feminists. I don't see any of these anti-feminists willing to throw away the accomplishments of feminists, and herein lies the irony.
My Own Plus One So what if I may be one of the only single girls left in my bicoastal circles? I prefer to shuffle the stack until the right card is dealt, and then make the gamble. I don't want to settle for the next best thing. I want to strive for THE best thing.
We Shouldn't Be Cartwheeling Over the Lamilly Doll Just Yet Lamilly has potential and certainly is sparking great discourse on a topic that really needs to be addressed in today's society. But we shouldn't rush to congratulate doll makers just yet. Brown locks and a higher BMI aren't enough to make little Lamilly the every-girl doll.
No One Wanted To Talk About Bill Cosby's Alleged Crimes Because He Made White America Feel Good About Race 
It's OK To Tell Your Abortion Story. Some Women Just Don't Want To Be Pregnant 
D\u00e9j\u00e0 Rule We all care about women's lives, and PEPFAR under President Bush and President Obama has vastly improved the health of women and their families, while building vital healthcare system infrastructure. Let's continue the success, without being undermined by the Global Gag Rule.
Social Experiment Reveals How People React When Domestic Violence Happens In Public 
Nobody Wants To Be The Girl On A Diet I've known smart women who've gone to extremes to hide the fact that they have to work for their figure. I've been one of them. I once got out of sharing bread pudding on a date by saying that the sight of it made me sad because it was served at my grandpa's shiva.
The Surprising Belief Holding Women Back Everyone in every company is -- or should be -- in the business of selling
The Rapunzel Epidemic As women, we must not be afraid to stand alone for a while. We must find who we were before we were someone's wife and mother. We had a life, a name other than honey or mom. It's possible to find love again. It's necessary, to fall in love with yourself first.
In Which I Meet Benedict Cumberbatch... But Not Really You get to move up a couple of rows and you get a less crappy picture. And you see that his suit fits him like a glove. Like a very tight glove. This is important information.
4 Reasons That Feminism and Disability Rights Are Two Sides of the Same Coin Not only am I still convinced that feminism has a purpose and should be discussed, but I think that initiatives for women's empowerment could hold a lot of promise for ameliorating the issues faced by persons with disabilities in the workplace.
'Do I Look Like A Slut?' 
I'm A Not-Quite-Legal Alien In the U.S. And It Sucks It is simply baffling to me that I was permitted to make a lifelong commitment to someone I love without the certainty that I would be permitted to spend my life with him.
21 Things Single People Are Tired Of Hearing 
Here's What Really Goes On At Planned Parenthood, Every Single Day 
Erica Jong on Feminism for the Future The absolute bedrock of our independence is having control over our own bodies. You cannot be independent if the government or someone else says whether or not you can use birth control.
I Spent 17.5 Years In Prison For A Crime I Did Not Commit Prior to being sent to prison, I knew nothing about incarcerated women and, like most of society, I couldn't have cared less. I assumed that all people in prison belonged there, and that they deserved whatever happened to them. Nothing could be further from the truth.
Joi Gordon On Volunteering Your Way to A New Career The best time to explore the possibilities is when you can volunteer. Find out what you're passionate about, and give your time and your talent to that.
Celebrating ALL Veterans and Breaking Down Gender Barriers As the proportion of women in the veteran population continues to grow, all efforts to expand economic opportunities for veterans must include consideration of the additional strengths and challenges of working women.
On Loving Someone Who Deploys My boyfriend misses holidays, birthdays and anniversaries. He spends Thanksgiving, most years, on the other side of the world.
Cover Letter Etiquette If you are going to send a cover letter then you must (try to) find out the name and address the letter accordingly. In a competitive market it is the small things that can separate you from your competition, and correctly addressing your cover letter could be that defining factor.
The Female Farmer Project The mission of the Female Farmer Project is to document the rise of women in agriculture. I share the images and the stories of women who farm. Some of these women are first generation farmers who come from the corporate world; lawyers, anthropologists, executives, scientists who are bringing a unique skill set to the farm. Some are third or fourth generation farmers but bring a new vision and fresh ideas and are responding to the needs of today's economy by diversifying the farm income.
How My Single Mom Made Me A Male Feminist I used to think that my mom made her stand when I was seven in order to teach me to be a gentleman, a concept laden with the trappings of chivalry, often landing at odds with the equality demanded by feminism. Now I realize that she was actually teaching me that it was my job to show respect, keep my head up and look at the world through the lens of others.
I'm Done Giving Myself Brownie Points... I'll Just Eat the Brownie I'm done counting points. I will eat the entire brownie. I will say no when I want to say no and try not to feel guilty about it.
Don't Just 'Get Over It' We often don't feel entitled to our own biological signals, which is on the list of things that piss me off. Because anger is a tool -- and we're being instructed to neglect it.
'Don't Settle' Fortunately, you can make the choice to not settle for a mediocre relationship. Don't get me wrong, it's not about selecting self-serving relationships but rather it's about choosing honest, genuine ones with people who value you as much as you do him/her.
Even Rich Girls Worry About Being Bag Ladies Charles Schwab found that 87 percent of American workers would hire someone to change their car's oil, but only 24 percent of people would get help to figure out their 401(k) plans. Avoid the bag-lady scenario
9 Questions To Ask Before Committing To A Relationship It's tempting to jump into relationships when we meet someone we believe is wonderful. But if it takes a few months to begin gauging someone's character, and two to three years to truly know them, we are setting ourselves up for disaster if we commit too soon.
I Was In A Secret Relationship With My Abuser To cover up my circumstances, I would share and comment on articles on my Facebook and Twitter timelines detailing how domestic abuse needs to be talked about.
The Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
Closing the Gender Gap This internalized gender hierarchy is so subtle and so pervasive that most of us don't even know how strongly we subscribe to it. And when we open our eyes to it, we prefer to deny it, rather than have the courage to consciously reclaim our whole selves.
5 Important Questions to Ask About Your Audience Before Your Next Presentation Every presentation should be built with the audience in mind. In order to do that, you need to be armed with some important information about them. Here are five key questions so ask of whoever invited you to speak.
How Listening to Unsolicited Advice Can Help You Be a Better Entrepreneur The truth is, being able to truly listen can benefit you both in your personal and professional life. It's an essential component of effective leadership and a key trait for being reliable to friends and family. But yet it's still a skill that most of us willingly lack or fail to cultivate -- because it's hard.
Oncology Occupational Hazards 've learned a lot about life and humanity from working as a nurse practitioner in pediatric oncology. Some of those lessons have undoubtedly made me a better person than who I was before I learned them. They shifted my perspective. They gave me insight I never would have had.
Find Out How These 10 Women Run the World 
It's All About The Bag Cinda needed a bag. A very specific type of bag, mind you.  Machine washable, water resistant, stain resistant, contemporary in design and, most importantly, affordable. It didn't exist. So Cinda decided to create that bag.
5 STDs You Should Worry About More Than Ebola Next time you sleep with someone new, think about asking them to discuss their sexual history -- when they were last tested, what STDs they have had or still have, if they always use condoms, etc.
The FDA Should Even The Score For Women's Sexual Health Women have the right to make their own informed choices concerning their sexual health; that gender equality should be the standard when it comes to access to treatments for sexual dysfunction; and that the approval of safe and effective treatments for women's sexual dysfunction should be a priority for action by the FDA.
Emancipation... Liberation... Anticipation... A Woman President? As a pioneer in the auto industry in 1973, at the ripe age of 19, I was a female salesperson in a male bastion. Not knowing any better, and not caring whether I stuck out or not, I pioneered on to become a female stockbroker in the '80s. Was I what was considered a female libber?
Why Amy Poehler's Candid Career Advice In 'Yes Please' Is So Important 
Feminism There are infinite varieties of men or at least about 3.5 billion different ones living on Earth now, Klansmen and human rights activists, drag queens and duck hunters. For the purposes of feminism, I'd like to delineate three big blurry categories.
How I Learned to Love My Body If you really want to love your body, then you've got to first love your life. That means loving yourself enough to pursue that dream you've been keeping on the shelf. Stop being obsessed with your body. Start being obsessed with your life.
7 Steps to Finding Your Professional Mission Fast Company has published the next installment of its Generation Flux series, in which they outline how \professional missions\ can help shape careers in times of rapid change.
Women As pundits proclaim that Republicans are poised to possess both houses of Congress this mid-term election I'm both mystified and alarmed. Why would women -- who were the determining factor in the 2012 presidential elections -- give so much power to a party that has such a miserly relationship with us?
How We Can Help End Stigma One Abortion Story at a Time I truly believe that one of the single most powerful things that we can do to fight this war against our reproductive rights is to end the stigma surrounding our abortion stories. To stop feeling the need to explain away our choices every single time we mention we have made them.
5 Concepts Completely Shattered in Your 20s When we're young, we're all superheroes
Codependency, the Power of No and the Power of Yes You may think I am exaggerating, but saying no has a huge amount of power in it. The flip side of saying no to others is that you get to say yes to someone who is really important.. You.
The Danger Of Branding 'Female Empowerment' So go ahead and hashtag your devotion, but learn the cause. Above all, think collectively -- meaning outside your own personal needs. Think about the needs of your sisters around the word and for generations to come.
CNN Just Aired The Most Insane Reaction To The Catcalling Viral Video 
This Tuesday, Don't Let Them Send Us Back to the 19th Century All across the country right-wing candidates with extreme, outdated views on women's rights are running for seats in the U.S. Senate and calling for the passage of \personhood\ bills and amendments.
27 Badass Images Of Women Winning And Exercising The Right To Vote 
The Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
Women Leaders in (EU) Foreign Policy On Halloween night, the European Commission -- Europe's \executive\ -- changed. At the helm of foreign policy, Lady PESC -- as Catherine Ashton was known -- gave way to Mrs PESC, as Federica Mogherini prefers to be called. Two different women leaders, two leadership styles in foreign policy.
The Healing Power of Tattoos to Breast Cancer Survivors In 2013, Noel Franus founded P.ink, which stands for \personal ink,\ an organization that helps breast cancer survivors who have undergone mastectomies and breast reconstruction by connecting them with a tattoo artist. The artist works with the survivor to create tattoo designs to cover and hide scar tissue from such operations.
Hello Kitty Is How Old? My interview with chief Hello Kitty designer and Japanese pop icon, Yuko Yamaguchi, almost ended before it began. All I asked was
The No-Problem Problem Is Microsoft finally getting serious about making its workforce welcome to women and minorities?
I Like Big Jerks and I Cannot Lie Maybe it's me that's the problem, maybe it's not. Either way, that age-old adage about women flocking to bad boys and nice guys getting left in the dust? Sometimes it has a small amount of truth to it.
Your Compliments Are Gross And So Are You A victim of street harassment myself, I often wonder, If you're a construction worker in the throes of the sausagefest that IS your work site, have you offered up as many niceties to your own wife as you did to me just now?
Every Night I Go to Bed Thinking About Sex You'll notice I said thinking about sex, not physically having it. It's not that I don't want to, I simply can't muster the energy.
Ghoul Power! Yes, ladies, this year you can look both SEXY and SMART on All Hallow's Eve! Stand up for women's rights while sportin' more boobage than an underage Reno, Nevada Craigslist escort! This Halloween, look like you're turnin' Tricks while you're actually Treatin' womankind!
IVF Confessions The only time I was not in treatment from 2008 until 2011 was when I was pregnant or recovering from a loss. And with all these appointments came countless disappointments.
e Need To Stop Judging Other Women for Their Halloween Costumes As children, Halloween was a night of simple joy. It was a damn great holiday. You donned whatever costume you felt like a boss in and without second-guessing it, went out and ended the night with a pillowcase full of candy. You were #FLAWLESS before Beyonc\u00e9 made it a thing.
Women Who Run As I listened to Kathrine Switzer describe her preparation for and her participation in the 1967 Boston Marathon, I knew that I was listening to an amazing history.
Casually Fearless I look at this generation and value their confidence and \can-do anything\ attitude. I can't help but wonder what more could be accomplished if we all embraced their ability to look the possibility of failure in the eye and not flinch.
Happy Birthday To Us The smiles are the same, and so are the values, the ambitions, the dedication to our families and to our friendships, as are our idiosyncrasies that we still love each other for.
The Culture of Love I suddenly had a whole new understanding of my husband. I began to see my husband's childhood in a whole new light. He didn't have to change into pajamas to be comfortable at night. His family did what they thought was the best for him with the knowledge and resources they had.
Carpe Diem, Oprah Style None of us know our 2.0 and are just trying to figure it out. I change my plan every day. Oprah says everyone of us is looking for the same thing - we want to know we matter! And everyone has a story to tell, I just may not know mine yet.
My Month of Online Dating Detox I'd talk to guys for weeks without either of us initiating any hangout. We were virtual pen pals, wasting one another's time with random texts at odd hours.
10 Questions to Ask About Senators and Sexism in the Workplace (Or Why the Daniel Inouye Revelation Was a Red Herring) U.S. Senator Kirsten Gillibrand recently released Off the Sidelines
Change for Women Happens in the Voting Booth The reason our laws have been out of step with what would be best for women is simple
(Process) Rules Are Made to Be Broken In my process career I have witnessed and/or been part of many process improvement initiatives -- big, small, fully funded and supported, done \off the corner of a desk,\ successful, and unsuccessful.
(Still) Daring To Be Different In Dr. Martens My desire for Dr. Martens was, of course, a yearning to grow up; or, more accurately, to reach 19 and stay there forever.
These Young Women Call Out Mainstream Feminism For The Voices It Has Neglected 
7 Awesome Things Hillary Clinton Said This Year 
What It's Really Like To Be Asexual There's no way to escape it or avoid it. I don't even have the option of joining a hippie commune like I could if I was tired of capitalism, greed and processed foods.
The Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
5 Things Every Woman Should Know About Egg Freezing 
Real Equality Is When Women Have The Right To Be As Drunk And Stupid As Men 
Why The Internet Needs Monica Lewinsky 
Madeleine Albright Disses Conan, Proves She's A Bigger Badass Than We Thought 
16 Things Women Were Told They Couldn't Do This Year 
Mary Did Not Have a Great \Day of the Girl Child\ The International Day of the Girl Child is on a par with the worthy treaties some world leaders sign and then fail to implement. 190 governments have ratified the Convention on the Rights of Children.
11 Things You Should Never Say To A Bisexual Woman As a bi woman, I, along with every bisexual person I've met, have heard the same handful of these ill-informed questions whenever I've chosen to open up about my orientation. Here are 11 things we bi women are just plain tired of hearing.
All 'Bout That Bass There is no relaxing when it comes to weight management. Now at my thinnest point in decades, I still feel the weight anxiety almost every day. Who am I kidding? It's every day.
Little Girls Swear Like Truck Drivers To Target Sexism 
A Guy Told Me To Lose Weight, And I Thanked Him I thanked someone for telling me, in the least-subtle-way-possible, that I had gained weight. And that this weight gain had made me significantly less attractive.
It's NOT All About That 'Bass' Size does matter, according to the media; however, I love the fact that Meghan is so beautiful and successful and she's not a size two! This is the kind of Girl Power that every girl should see and she wears it so well, but she negates this positive message when she suggests the importance of a girl shaking her body for boys.
Sunshine State Women In this blog, we'll learn about women who have been inducted into both the Florida Women's Hall of Fame and the National Women's Hall of Fame -- whose accomplishments have benefited women and life in the Sunshine State.
Putting the Breaks on a Back-Peddling Man The need to control an undesirable situation by pushing or pulling a partner into compliance is the root of all torment. All we can do is improve ourselves. We can't coerce others or make them want us. But we can show up in a way that allows us to shine, no matter what the outcome.
3 Steps for Busy People to Create Success in Love We don't give relationships enough credit in this world. As a result, people suffer and tolerate mediocre relationships, feeling drained and exhausted as a result, sometimes without even realizing how much better things could be if things were different in the love department.
Shailene Woodley On The Importance Of 'Truthful' Sexuality In Coming-Of-Age Movies 
Are You Waiting for Your Career's Prince Charming? Do yourself a favor and purge the Prince Charming myth once and for all. Take responsibility for your career goals and go get them now. Sure, you'll get rejected, and you'll get frustrated and be uncomfortable. But it will be yours. Your mistakes, your fear and your victories and triumphs.
A Saturday, A Sister And The Library My older sister would take me to the library. She never came out and said we were going; it would just happen.
Love Need Not Apply for Conditions Love
Baby Drama One month before news of this story broke, my wife and I hung up the phone with our cryo-bank, ordered another vial of our donor sperm and are currently waiting for the right time to try again. What if the sperm waiting at our doctor's office for us isn't what we anticipate? Would we be mad? Yes.
I'm Dating A Guy Almost 20 Years Younger Than Me I'm pretty sure more than one person has thought that, with our similar hair, skin and eye colors, that we were either brother and really older sister or mom and son, but the pros far outweigh the cons in our relationship.
Is Being a 'Tough Boss' Different for a Woman Than a Man? Everybody has worked for a tough boss. But is being a \tough boss\ different for a woman than a man? Anecdotal, and scientific, research indicates yes. Men are \tough\ bosses; women are \mean\ ones, a fact that is a mix of perception and reality.
Is the Creepiest Internet Stalking Tool Yet Right at Our Fingertips? Forget identifying that wildflower or monument -- we want to know if this service can help us find out who Smartdude99 is.
Jennifer Lawrence's Response To Nude Photo Scandal Was Not 'Sexist, False and Sad' The bottom line of this entire scandal is not Lawrence's actions and the religious morals behind them, but the actions of the person or persons who invaded her privacy and allowed the world to see a very personal, private side of her. And she shouldn't take the heat for that.
Seriously, Why Is There No Good Porn For Women? I know this argument has been made before. That \there's no good porn for women\ is even something of a punchline at this point. But what will it take for someone, somewhere, anywhere, to do something about it?
Life Interrupted Breast cancer is not a pink ribbon. Nor is it pink. For Barbie maybe it was more red, white and blue, the color of the flag that will cover her coffin and be given to her son after she is buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
10 Things To Say Next Time Someone Asks 'Why Aren't You Married Yet?' 
Fictional Characters Whose Lives Would Have Been Vastly Improved By An Abortion 
The Real Reason Women Freeze Their Eggs Isn't Career Growth 
Hoodwinked on Halloween And then the door opened. And standing before us were the two meanest kids in the neighborhood... older kids... nasty kids -- identical twin bullies who once ambushed me when I was riding my bike around the block.
5 Everyday Pieces to Inspire Your Halloween Costume If you're not into going big on Halloween, you'll love easy, transitional pieces. Surprisingly, the best place to look first is your own closet.
Malala Yousafzai Honored With Nobel Peace Prize Malala Yousafzai is a girl with a voice in a world where women remain voiceless. However, her decision to speak up against the injustices done to her and other young women was not without consequence.
Things Fall Together No one knows what to do or say. We try to stay positive in front of my sister and tears find us in the corners of hotel laundry rooms and hospital hallways. Mostly, we just stare off into space until Xanax takes us off to sleep.
Going Against the Flow Many people have ideas on how to change things or create something brand new. Entrepreneurs act on those ideas. It's all about belief that everything is possible (though it may not be desirable), and that you can make it so.
Flow Like Water Take the path of least resistance and flow like water. Your path of Feminine Leadership is like a river. Sometimes calm and serene, sometimes wild and turbulent but always flowing forward towards its destination.
Egg Freezing (for Heaven's Sake!) Overall, what message are these companies sending young women? That they *could* have waited? That biotechnology, in its endless wonder, now makes it possible to squeeze out a few more years of loyal work before bringing a tiny new person into this world?
This Film Is Hard To Watch -- But That's Exactly Why You Need To 
Letter to My Dystopian Teenage Self I know, life sucks right now. You're frustrated and no one gets what you're going through. You've been tossed about in the moshpit known as life, and you're tired of smacking into people. It seems like it's going to be this way forever.  But it won't be.
The Tricky Ways Legal Abortion Is Being Threatened In 3 States 
Are Millenial Men Supposed to 'Man Up'? What defines a man as a man these days and how far have millennial men come as far as the variety of emotions they are allowed to express openly?
The Body Trust Revolution We cannot simply hope that this will subtly improve or that the next generation of women will have a less shaming experience living in their bodies.
Are You In A Walking Dead Relationship? These horrific and terrifying relationships surround us every single day, often forcing us to question the true nature of humanity as we know it.  With divorce rates aggressively rising each decade, perhaps its time we attack this problem at its core.
Revenge Porn Terrorism We incorrectly characterize the only victims of revenge porn as the women whose bodies are offered for public consumption without their consent. The truth is that all women are the targets and victims of revenge porn terrorism. And like all terrorism, the intent is to intimidate one's enemy into a state of fear and submission.
This Might Be The Best Way To Deal With Hateful Internet Comments 
Technology To Cultivate Eroticism Technology, far beyond email, has enhanced amorous expression
Don't Call Me A Basic B*tch -- I Can Love Pumpkin Spice Lattes And Still Be Extraordinary I may not be the most self-confident person on the planet, but I am confident enough to know that I am neither basic nor a b*tch.
I Threw Out My Scale and I Think You Should, Too I bought my first scale when I was 21, just finishing college and going on my first diet. I bought my second scale, a digital one that was much more precise than the previous model, somewhere in my twenties, so I could know, in even greater detail, how much I was worth.
What Satya Nadella Should Have Said About Women Asking For Raises Nadella missed an immense opportunity to use this platform to become an advocate for women in technology. He should have marked his commitment, on behalf of his company, his industry, and the corporate environment, to helping women achieve personal and professional equality and creating a more diverse, level, and inclusive working world.
Paula Abdul's Back At It 
Don't Knock the Knockers When it comes to breasts, there are perky ones, ones that are droopy, lumpy, springy, teensy, full or pointy. The best thing I can say about mine is that they can clear a room.
National Medalists Yvonne C. Brill received the National Medal of Technology and Innovation from President Obama in October 2011 \for innovation in rocket propulsion systems for geosynchronous.\ Other women have received these medals, also for groundbreaking accomplishments.
How Back-Breaking Work Put My Ego Back Together There is no shame in earning your own way in what amounts to hard labor. It's actually honorable. Mining strengths I did not know I possessed put my ego back in action.
If You Date Dane Cook, He'll Probably Use You In His Standup 
The Real Reason Women Should Lean In All to often a woman's time out of the office during her childbearing years is compounded by the time she takes off later to care for her parents and she suffers a significant lost in wages as a result.
Women In Construction Offer Advice For Dealing With Sexism From Male Colleagues 
30 Feminist Lessons I've Learned In 30 Years I recently crossed over into my 30s. The lead-up to the day was a slurry of thoughts and feelings about this huge milestone, marked by bursts of self-reflection and a quick skip down that list of classic questions about \where I am\ in my life. I thought it prudent to try to gather this slurry into a collection of lessons best learned over the last three decades.
21 Things That Will (Probably) Happen To You In Your 20s You'll date someone who has \been through some stuff\ and will \need space\ to \get their head together\ before they can \get serious about anyone\ ... Which is basically code for
23 Things Women Apologize For All The Time (And Don't Need To) Are we apologizing in order to navigate our way through a still-sexist workplace, where issuing normal demands and requests can still brand a woman as \difficult\ in the eyes of her coworkers? Are we apologizing to appear more likable? Are we genuinely stepping on a lot of strangers' feet?
The Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
Congratulations Malala Malala's speech is spirited, personable and accessible even as she talks about how she hoped to be a doctor but now, thinking more strategically, she wants to be a politician so she can stay on target and advance the rights of girls.
33 Hot and Heavy Sex, Dating and Relationship Dos and Don'ts Do love, treasure, nurture, respect and be kind to your body and who you share it with. The more your love and respect your body, the more men will as well.
How Not To Talk To A Woman On The Street 
Preparing for the Future of Work and the (Integrated) Pursuit of Happiness In moving to more customized work situations, responsibility and accountability also shifts towards the individual.
I'm Still Here I understand that this is National Domestic Violence Awareness Month. Here is my story.
10 Rom-Coms Love Addicts Should Avoid Here are 10 \favorite\ love stories I've encountered over the years. It's taken me more years to undo some of the damage.
Women and Their Bodies When I was 27, a guy I'd been seeing told me he'd noticed a lump inside me. The word lump has an instant and visceral connection -- you might as well just say \cancer.\ I figured he had far more knowledge of vaginas than I did. Terrified, I went to the doctor. It turned out to be my cervix.
Why We Must Help Bridge the Gap For Women In Tech Some days it gets wearying to face the additional challenges it takes for a woman to make it in the world of tech, but on days when it feels like that to me, I pull out the photo of all of the women that attended our first bootcamp.
All About That Bass -- Or Is It? I just don't quite get what so many feminists and bloggers and all-purpose haters are so up in arms about. So Meghan says she isn't a feminist. Does a person have to be a feminist in order to write and sing about her perspective of body love?
I Didn't Brush My Teeth Today, Either I didn't brush my hair today. I didn't brush my teeth today either. I got dressed in slightly dirty clothing that was conveniently hanging on my bedroom door. I put on makeup, but only because I had to go to work and I didn't want my boss to run an intervention for me.
I Accidentally Went on a Date With a Bigoted Homophobe Sean had never been to Oakland -- that should have been a bright fucking red flag, but alas -- so I told him we should take a long industrial bike ride to a fancy cocktail bar near Emeryville. He arrived. My stomach sank. He was a full-on bro. But he brought me tulips. He was barely breaking even.
My Strong Reaction To Joan Lunden's Bald People Magazine Cover Isn't What You Might Think When I see that photo of Joan, the newer one, I am filled with hope for her. I am filled with a hope that those battling cancer get to live the rest of their lives, happy and healthy, in honor of those who didn't. In honor of my Dad.
Changing the Future of Sexual and Reproductive Rights Honoring human rights at home will allow us to promote them abroad; we should be leading by example, enacting sound, evidence-based policies that enable all women to live free of health, social, and economic insecurities.
I'm Blond, Blue-Eyed And The Face Of Hollywood Diversity Casually, I think most Americans would agree that there should be equal representation behind the lens. And I don't suspect a high-level Hollywood conspiracy. No racist or sexist villains lurking in the halls of power, twirling their mustaches. Honestly, I think dudes are comfortable with other dudes, so they hire them.
Gender Equality = Men + Women Working Together Unless the men at the top of our organizations strategically decide that equality at the top is the right thing to do, it won't happen.
5 Myths Women Are Told About The Workplace I got to a really good place in my career. And then, reality set in. I plateaued, I had no personal life and I was exhausted by the late hours and the daily grind of navigating corporate culture.
Doritos and Me Like Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton, Spencer Tracy and Kathryn Hepburn, Farrah Fawcett and Ryan O'Neal, Doritos and I have a passionate AND complicated relationship.
Thank You, HuffPost Blog I've never really been a writer and at this stage I still wouldn't say that I am a writer, but since starting my personal blog, I've really enjoyed writing and sharing my experiences and journey from my eyes and in my words.
How to Stop Holding Yourself Back From Building a Billion-Dollar Business It is true that there are fewer women getting funded and building billion-dollar companies. The numbers are improving, yet we still have a long way to go. The answer to this problem is to start early and to focus on the internal factors causing this imbalance.
What Emma Watson's U.N. Speech on Feminism Means For Men While our beloved celebrities may win awards for their on-screen personas, the public is usually pretty conscientious of who actually has a heart invested in their said foundations and organizations and who has a publicist shoving an agenda down their throat.
He For She Throughout History Many historical women whose accomplishments we are aware of today had to battle society's perceptions of women's proper place. Some women were fortunate enough to have the support of a man in their endeavors -- the \He for She\ paradigm Emma Watson recently spoke of at the U.N.
The Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
I Tried Online Dating And No One Messaged Me Back Online dating seemed ideal, and was surely going to be the gateway to widen my dating horizons. No awkward pick-up lines, or reading between the lines. In this digital dating landscape, I was able to put my best self first. But online dating has made me feel more alone and rejected than ever.
I've Been Single for Years -- And I'm More Than OK With It While many of my friends spend hours trying to dissect what that lack of an exclamation point in a text really means, I'm free to frolic about and do whatever the hell I please.
Oh Yes Means Yes 
Transparent I have to admit recently I have been struggling with my life and what I am planning to do. I have gotten to an age where I have done one thing for a long time.  I am grateful for the places it has taken me and the opportunity to be creative.  It's been a great way to make a very nice living.
Women at the Front If we want a freer, safer, and fairer world for women and girls, our organizing must not only be about celebrity endorsements, convening conversations among experts, or casual activism on social media. The voices of actual women living in poverty and violence must be heard.
Are You Shamelessly Self Promoting? I like the term \shameless self promotion,\ because it flies in the face of the standard teaching that self promotion, especially for people who do spiritual or healing work is a no-no. Humility and letting people come to you and then not expecting to get paid much if at all, is to considered a virtue among some circles.
4 Ways to Break Up Like a Man Getting dumped can suck, but most guys are used to it. We've either gotten the heave-ho ourselves or known guys who have. And though we tend to jump right back into the dating pool, the pain can linger. That's why it's only right that when it's our turn to sever ties, we do it thoughtfully, taking the high road whenever possible.
7 Things Almost As Amazing As Removing Your Bra At The End Of The Day 
What It Really Feels Like To Live With Depression Just because you deal with depression doesn't mean that you are depression. A bad day/week doesn't mean a bad life. After all, it's not sunny every day but we know the clouds won't last forever.
What I Wish I Knew About Love In My 20s I spent most of my 20s obsessing about love. When will I meet him? When will I find true love? Why isn't he calling me? Why am I alone? Where is he? Who is he? Am I over him? Why can't I get over him? These were the litany of questions that lived in my mind every day.
Fat Camp That summer taught me that you can have your heart broken and still be OK; that moments of foolishness make you wise; that part of dating is learning what you don't want; and that you have to love yourself before anyone worthwhile ever will.
The Gender Politics Of Pockets 
Carry That Weight 
Would a Push to Hire More Women Reduce Gender Pay-Gap? Not Until We Fix the Pipeline If the percentage of qualified women remains lower than that of men, gender balance at all organizations is mathematically impossible. The cure then is to fix the pipeline. The gender balance in pay will follow.
What Can You Stop Doing? How's your to-do list looking today? Lot's of really important stuff that you must get done to keep things moving on the work and home front? I get it. But what I would also like you think about is what can come off the list
Ruth Bader Ginsburg's Simple Advice To Young Feminists 
Why Women Should Learn To Love Criticism 
My Facebook Post About A Butt-Grabbing Customer Went Viral 
Get a Grip 
Men Don't Have It All It's time to change the conversation about gender equality. While at first blush, men seem to benefit from many privileges at work, the truth is, they pay a heavy price. As we barrage women with questions about whether or not they \have it all,\ we silently assert that men do. And they don't.
Proud To Be A Total B*tch The truth is, no matter how thick the skin, words are able to penetrate and do their dirty work. It is when we believe them, that they are the most insidious.
How Taking Nude Photos Helped Me Get Over My Body Issues In my first marriage, which lasted 18 years, I had a hard time being seen naked. Especially in my child-bearing years, when my only purpose was to serve my children, to be their sustenance. My sexuality went right out the window.
Being Comfortable With Fear Tami Simon, Founder and CEO of Sounds True, shares her daily experience with fear and her advice on how fear can strengthen the emerging process in this excerpt from our Grace&Fire podcast.
I Donated My Eggs So I Could Travel The World My files were being judged. Women were looking at them and deciding whether or not they wanted my eggs to make a baby with. It was a little surreal.
Why You Need to Brag More and 3 Ways to Do It Taking accountability for yourself and your work means accepting the good along with the bad. If you own up to your mistakes, why shouldn't you own up to your victories? Here's how to start getting over the fear of healthy self-promotion.
The Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
5 Friendship Lessons You Learned On The Playground Little kids are honestly the best when it comes to making and keeping friends. Their sense of wonder and overall joie de vivre makes them the perfect magnets for new relationships, while their untainted understanding of logic allow them to make quick and simple decisions about their interactions with others. Given their talent in this area, we adults are wise to take a few tips from our kids.
Why It Doesn't Matter That The Emma Watson Threats Were A Hoax 
The Price Tag for Employee Loyalty Women tend to recognize the investment their employer made in them and they want to repay it. In Jody's case, she didn't realize that she had long ago repaid her boss just by doing a stellar job during the previous 10 years.
Behind the Scenes I tell anyone who asks that being an entrepreneur is tougher than running Merrill Lynch. That's not to say it's not an unbelievable experience... but it's not for everyone. Here's how to make the switch.
Why Emma Watson's Words to the UN on Feminism Weren't Game-Changing I was surprised by the hype. I hadn't considered any one of Watson's scripted statements to be new, let alone groundbreaking. They were simply a helpful reminder of what battles still need to be fought upon the field of modern feminism. Or was I missing something?
How I Found Opportunity In Sharing My Secret Disorder I was positive people wouldn't accept me if they knew I pulled out my hair. And I was even more positive that if they did find out, if they didn't judge me for pulling, they'd reject me for the fact that I didn't know why I was doing it, and that I wasn't able to stop myself.
18 Things Women Need To Stop Doing To Each Other Seriously, we are on the same team. Love and be loved by other women, because when we work together we are a force to be reckoned with.
Proof The Actresses Of ShondaLand Are Just As Badass As The Characters They Play 
Famous Men Rally Behind Emma Watson's Feminism Speech 
I Cut Off My Hair... and My Security Blanket I cut my hair really short last week and all those ideas I used to have about if I was really feminine enough came back with a vengeance. And now I'm noticing that I'm overcompensating for my short hair with dressier clothes and more eye makeup. Just in case someone might think I'm a boy.
No, Women's Soccer Does Not Have A Domestic Violence Problem 
How Domestic Violence Affects High School Students, Too We need a nationwide conversation with young women. There's a difference between a bad relationship and an abusive one, and there's a difference between persistence and stalking.
NFL Commissioner's Proposed Solution To Domestic Violence Problem Proves They Just Don't Get It 
The Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
Emma Watson Fights For Gender Equality With Powerful UN Speech 
One Easy Tip That Can Transform Your Body Image 
If These Dishes Could Talk My mother was a terrible cook, but she set a beautiful table. Every year at least a week before the Jewish holidays -- which, as she used to say, fell either too early or too late, but were never on time -- she'd get out her most favorite dishes.
The Club You Never Want to Be Part Of I won't tell you to hang in there. I don't expect you to cheer up just because people keep saying encouraging things to you. I actually will say the opposite
The Tipping Point for Football and Females The NFL created a VP of social responsibility position and put a woman in it. And look, look, we appointed some other women, too! Great. Band-Aids are helpful first aid tools, too, but not for broken bones.
The NFL Is a National Parasite Enjoying sporting events is fun, but, like Wall Street, the subsidies and salaries have gone too far. These privileges are at the expense of taxpayers and society as a whole as the Rice fiasco illustrates.
Bartender Responds To Investment Manager's Ass Grab With Powerful Open Letter 
Wonder Women Wonders Being employed and balancing a family can be one of the most difficult challenges of working mothers but it won't just happen, you need to step off this terrifying treadmill. Trust that it can also be the most satisfying experience.
14 Reasons You Might Be Catnip For Asshats They don't call when they say they will. They don't show up when expected. They brood at social gatherings with friends and family. You're fairly certain they're cheating on you in office cubicles, toilet stalls and perhaps even in your own bed.
6 Warning Signs That You May Be in a Toxic Relationship The relationship was a total roller coaster, and it definitely had it's thrills, but the thrills came at a cost. Every time we'd go out I felt pressured to drink more than I was comfortable with. I did it in part to impress them and also to ease the anxiety I was feeling.
Dear Abby's Non-Apology Is Ridiculous You said, \it's important to make beneficial lifestyle changes to promote healthy weight, just as it is important to have healthy self-esteem.\ You are trying to tell people that you can only feel good about yourself if you are not fat.
The Mistakes Rookie Managers Make When They Fire Someone If they're flabbergasted, you haven't given them enough feedback on their performance. Which means you likely aren't giving your team enough feedback. Which means your team is likely performing sub-optimally.
This Is What Happens When People Say No to Violence Against Women We wish Ray Rice had never assaulted Janay. We wish all the factors that led to his decision to be abusive and violent did not exist. We wish that all the people in Ray's life who had concerns about his behavior had done more to support him by challenging that behavior.
15 Life Lessons I Learned By My 30th Birthday You need to invest in yourself financially, physically, mentally and emotionally. This isn't just about a 401K.
Miss America Pageant Shaming There a lot of people, mostly women, many of whom are feminists, willing to opine on the ills of the Miss America Pageant without knowing a thing about the girls who enter them, let alone the money you can make. This is nothing new.
The Global Context Surrounding Violence Against Women The world needs to embrace a global conversation about how women have been disempowered in most of the areas central to meaningful human experience. It needs a global conversation about how the empowerment of women is the central social challenge facing humanity today.
5 Tips For The Wife Of A Football Fan 
The Power of Self-Awareness Women are not anti-men for we need both genders to balance our world in a more productive and responsible way .We are also not the weaker sex... or let's say gender... we just have a more balanced way of thought
Rejecting Violence, Both Real and Virtual Disagreeing with someone's argument is done through facts and analysis, which is completely necessary for healthy debate. Disagreeing by calling for violence is an attempt to silence a voice you think doesn't have a right to speak. There is a clear difference.
Planned Parenthood Offers Virtual Visits, Will Deliver Birth Control To Your Door 
You No Longer Have to Be a Man to Be Somebody Bond's written 22 books since she retired decades ago. Bond uses only two criteria when allowing real patients onto her imaginary couch
What You Can Learn From (Yes) Duggar Family Dating Rules You don't have to birth 19 kids, be a Christian, wear a purity ring, have long-ass hair, or agree with any of the politics of the Duggar family to apply their rules about dating and courtship to your own life.
Cosmopolitan Is Researching Political Candidates So You Don't Have To Something very exciting is happening at the number one women's glossy. For the first time Cosmopolitan is endorsing political candidates. Basically, the editors now have your back on what colors are in this fall and what names you should be checking in the voting booths next month.
\u2018Yes' Is Better Than \u2018No' When It Comes To Consensual Sex On Campus 
On Being A Transgender Woman In An Abusive Relationship 
Not Like Most Girls 
A Letter to Melissa Rivers It was while watching Melissa Rivers co-host a red carpet event with her mother, Joan Rivers, that I first recognized the look on Melissa's face as her mother spoke.
I Don't Do Yoga, and It Could Be Your Fault By taking these over sexualized, yoga posing selfies, and posting them for the world to see, these women make it almost impossible for women like me (whose hands don't even come close to touching the floor when we bend over) to feel good about going back to our yoga practice.
Is The Ridiculous Way I Talk About Sex A Key To Fixing Our Country's Issues With Consent? The way most of us talk about sex is rather messed up if you take a step back and let it all marinate in your mind for a minute. We speak about sex like it's some consumptive act -- like we're getting frozen yogurt or something.
7 Steps to Inner Fulfillment A woman who is fulfilled loves herself. She makes sure she fills her cup first because she is aware to give and receive in this world she has to be full and come from a place of knowing her worth. She is both practical and spiritual.
It's Not 'Demeaning' To Address Abortion On A Sitcom 
The Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
Why I Trained Myself To Be Emotionless My friends would at times call me a robot, laid back, cold. I took pleasure out of this -- to me it was proof that I had succeeded.
Building the Next Generation of Brave Girls Braveness means accepting rejection but treating failure as an essential part of success. True bravery is the realization that other women are not your competitors and that we can all assist one another. It's also about wholeness.
What Dudes Think Girls Do vs. What We Actually Do 
Shut Up About Women's Bodies By commenting on a woman's body, you are continuing a cycle of perceiving our bodies for how they appear rather than for what they can do.
Joan Rivers Perfectly Shut Down The Single Woman Stereotype In 1967 
Sinister Motives and Victim Blaming If you are a guy who has to assault a woman's dignity and privacy in order to fulfill your sexual fantasies, that says far more about you than it does about her.
I Dance on a Pole and It Isn't for HIM! I was confused. I had no idea what to do. It seemed insatiable and dangerous. There was no place for this in the life I'd built.
What Women in Engineering Are Saying in the South What does a discussion among women engineers sound like in U.S. Southeast? The South is not a region identified as a hub of STEM careers for women, but the massive influx of international manufacturers and their vendors has rapidly changed the landscape.
The Sexual Violence of Non-consensual Nudity We've become a society that feels entitled to the nudity of others; consent is not required, just as long as we get our fill of flesh.
Jennifer Lawrence's Leaked Photos Remind Us How Crappy The Internet Can Be For Women 
Famous Women Point Out Exactly Why Leaking Nude Photos Is So Very Wrong 
19 Women Who Have A Very Complicated Relationship With Grills 
The Perils Of Online Dating While Black If you're young, black and female, your identity might be a liability. Recent studies have proven that online dating can be tainted by racism.
The Evolution Of Catcalling 
You Can Be 'Girly' And Still Be A Good Feminist 
Why Aren't Women Advancing At Work? Ask A Transgender Person 
This Is What An Athlete Looks Like I don't blame the young man for taking the visual cue of my body and neatly categorizing me with the 5k'ers (which is also a very respectable distance, by the way). Why would he believe that my plus-size body is capable of 21 long kilometres when there aren't any visual cues presented in society to tell us this is possible?
Everyday Sexism In Just 9 Illustrations 
Stressed? How to Lean Back Not In Volatility and overwhelming emotions like sadness are flooding into everyone's consciousness, but that's our key to freedom right there
'Beach House Full of Girls' Proves Street Harassment Is Okay Victim-blaming, sl*t-shaming, skepticism, deflection and insults, this perpetual \Not my problem!\ mentality... it's all of a piece and it's all part of why some men harass, sexually assault, beat, rape, and kill women.
Women May Be More Anxious Than Men At Work Because They Have More To Lose 
My Anxiety Disorder Keeps Me From Getting 'A Real Job' 
Superintendent Allegedly Calls Female Dress Code Violators 'Skanks' 
My Secret Money Life If you're considering loaning money to friends or family, make sure you fully understand your expectations throughout the entire process, and make a plan together for how the money is to be used -- before you give.
I Could Leave My House Without Makeup, But Here's Why I Don't Why is it that a woman has such a hard time feeling good in her skin when her skin is stripped bare of potions and lotions and creams, when there is not filter or Photoshop?
3 Types of Female Friendships to Foster -- and 3 Types to Flee How do you foster real friendships and dump the duds? Believe it or not, female friendships fall into categories. Here are types of women you want in your life:
Extraordinary Women in Business Today I am sharing what I believe are success clues gleamed by extraordinary women who have reached the pinnacle of success in their fields. Many of these women have key habits and practices in common that played a big part in their career.
Transitioning to Fall Whether the next few weeks into September mean prepping your kids for the new school year, starting a new job or gearing up for a big work or household project, there are many changes that occur that can be nerve-wracking.
I'm A Fat Girl Who Wears Revealing Clothes. Deal With It. Because fat girls aren't supposed to take pleasure in our bodies or even consider showing other people what they look like, there is a lot of sh*t that can hit the fan. Mostly caused by other people not knowing how to handle someone as sexy as me owning it.
Taylor Swift Reveals She Has Been A Feminist All This Time 
The New Power Girls The scene among the business women entrepreneurs and executives in business I have met and know has changed from what it once was just a few years ago. The dreams and goals we had and hoped for now pay the bills.
The Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
Spiritual Richness 
I Sweat Male Tears 
On Experiencing Fear 
You've Never Heard 'Girls Just Wanna Have Fun' Like This 
Yes, It Is Possible To Ban Online Misogyny 
Having it All vs. Having What Matters I came of age at a time when women's appeal for equal opportunity on the career ladder was coupled with a decree that we could, in fact, do it all and have it all. We believed that \work-life balance\ was an achievable, worthy pursuit.
The Struggle to Fit in I watched as these girls, even in class, were pre-occupied with their looks, pushing their boobs up, rolling their shorts up and trying to get away with whatever they could to make themselves more sexually appealing. Where did I, as a brown hijabi girl fit in?
Debunking The 10 Myths About Feminism Everyone Can't Seem To Stop Telling 
Kathy Griffin Is Sick Of The 'Same Middle-Age White Guys' On Late Night TV 
Scooby-Doo Movie Says Being A Size 8 Is A Curse 
No Dudes, Catcalling Isn't Flattering Catcalling isn't about flattery, the men aren't doing it to make you feel beautiful or special. They're doing it because of a sense of entitlement. Because to them, every woman is fair game regardless of what time of day it is or where you are or what the woman is doing.
Is The Era Of The Virgin Over? 
Marcia 
3 Relationship Secrets From Fifty Shades of Grey As I learned in the trenches, the only thing keeping each of us back from satisfaction is our unwillingness to say yes to adventure that scares us and shakes our comfortable status quo.
What Sells Better 
I Need Feminism, So Why Do Some Feminists Exclude Me? 
The Warrior Queen It's worth a thousand words for sure. You can tell a lot just by looking at it. But not everything.  Here's 10 things this picture won't tell you.
Listen Up, Girlfriends We need more celebrating of each other's goodness and more having each other's backs. And sometimes that means going out of the way to help each other take that step or leap that seems both terrifying and wickedly exciting.
100 Inspiring Women Who Made History 
When 'Power In Numbers' Might Work Against Women At Work 
The Fear Factor Fear has no place in a healthy, interpersonal relationship. If you're fearful in your relationship, ask yourself why.
What Women Think About Sex vs. The Reality You would be surprised how painful sexual rejection is for men. Often, I see couples in which the man still remembers and is hurt by a sexual rejection occurring even years ago, at the start of the relationship.
The Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
What It Really Feels Like To Be A Childfree Woman At the age of 24 I began to ask my doctors if I could be sterilized. Year after year at my annual exam I would state my case -- each year unchanged from the previous year. At each visit my physician told me that I was too young, what if I changed my mind? But the reality was that I didn't change my mind.
Nope, My Super-Fit Sister Is Not My Trainer Body love has nothing to do with our bodies, but the stories they tell. It's about taking ownership of our stories so that we can be resilient in the moments when the visions and hopes we have for ourselves are challenged by what other people think.
'Your Thighs Are Huge' No one had ever told me that my thighs were huge. It wasn't like they were out of proportion with the rest of my body or I had to search the mall for pants wider in the thigh. Was it a compliment? I wasn't sure.
5 Career Negotiating Tips for Recent Grads Did school teach you the skill for the job and the career center teach you how to get the first job? Yup, but most likely no one taught you about all the things that can happen in the first job. Here are five tips to help negotiate the early part of your career and beyond.
Who Needs Feminism Anyway? Ultimately, it's time to redefine the word \feminist\ and what it actually means. Because the truth is, we all need feminism. Only once being a feminist becomes the norm and not the exception,  will we finally be able to make true, structural progress toward gender equality.
5 Signs of Hormonal Havoc Female hormones are quite delicate and susceptible to imbalance, which can leave us feeling somewhat crummy (to put it nicely). Here are five signs your hormones might need some loving.
Suicide Is Far From Painless My tears are not because his time on Earth is over. My tears are for his friends, his wife and his children. They are the ones left behind.  The \Genie\ may be free, but his family is left here to wade through the pain, confusion and fog that is... suicide.
The Single Inferiority Complex (SIC) The Single Inferiority Complex describes the often-nagging feeling that single (and sometimes childless) people have that their lives, and even their very selves, just do not measure up to those who are in partnership (or who are parents).
I Am A Princess Pan 
'My Husband Pounds His Meat in the Kitchen' Yes, I actually said that to someone, out loud, in public, without shame. My husband and I were standing by the meat case in Scott's, chatting with his boss's wife about chicken breasts.
6 Ways Dating Is Like Hiking in Dangerous Climbs Consider wearing a sturdy pair of well-worn Birkenstocks the first four dates. This also weeds out the Modelizers (men who only date models -- thankfully George Clooney has graduated from their ranks).
When Did 'Unacceptable' Become 'Good Enough'? Most of us are raised on fairytales and Hollywood (mostly the same thing). For years we believe that our perfect someone is out there, our singular soul mate -- and we wait for him (or her).
Back to My Roots -- Hair 
Confessions of a Chubby Girl For me, once I admitted that I really like sugar, and that eating it makes me happy, my cravings died down. I stopped wanting it because I knew I could eat it if I wanted it. I replaced my years of resistance and pushing away the foods I loved with a more compassionate approach.
The Girl Who Learned to Love Mama's Boys I've ended up with three little boys; I know they're still young, and I have my work cut out for me, but I know I'm up to the task. I know now that my destiny was never to \fix\ men; it was to raise them. And I know my daughters-in-law will someday thank me for raising Mama's Boys.
Now The Atlantic Should Ask I've never inquired because, frankly, I never thought anyone would care much about the answer. I was wrong -- and the thousands of people who shared the article on Facebook in the first 24 hours after publication make that clear. Yes, it's a great question, but perhaps I have an even more important one
10 Tiresome Facebook Friends Everyone Has She is just one cat picture short of having whiskers tattooed on her face. You know the woman sits on her couch day and night, stroking cats and talking to herself.
The Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
The Sexist Truth About Office Romances Most researchers believe there are three primary motivating factors behind dating someone at work -- love, ego and job. Men do it for love. Women do it to get ahead. That's the outrageously biased way people judge office romances -- and another example of women getting a bum deal.
Why Soul Time Is Important for Women in Love and Life By their very nature, women are nurturers and tend to give out more than they receive. Soul time is important for women to stay connected within. If women can make soul time a part of their daily life they will have happier lives and be more fulfilled in their relationships.
Childfree By Choice Millennial-focused media is just beginning to recognize this emerging mindset and celebrities are popularizing and glamorizing this path, too, with powerful women like Chelsea Handler, Zooey Deschanel and Cameron Diaz leading the charge.
Perfection Is Overrated. Be Happy Instead Perfection is like a carrot on the end of a stick mounted to your head. You keep thinking you can grab it if you run hard enough, and sometimes you can get a little taste of it, but it's never quite enough.
Surviving the New (Not So) Normal While there are a lot of things about life with my kids that make our reality as a family different than it would have been BC (that's, \before cancer\ in our house), those things in the end are just our normal.
5 Blog Posts I Don't Need to Read Again We could use some new stories about ourselves and our lives. What do you think? These posts were good the first time we saw them, but can we have some new topics? Let's not write these.
The Dawn of Old Face I moved to Oakland two years ago on the cusp of my 28th birthday. Like so many spindly-rooted transplants before me, I was ready to leave NYC -- Brooklyn to be exact -- but knew New York was a hard act to follow.
How to Say 'I'm Sorry' When you feel like all that's being accomplished is one person trying to yell louder than the other, walk away -- hang up the phone -- and sign off Gchat for a few minutes.
Why I Traveled To Ethiopia To Get My Birth Control The healthcare provider assured me that there was no need to make an appointment -- here at Mulu, patients came in and got family planning counseling services on a \walk in\ basis.   In addition, all family planning services and contraceptives were free. With the incentives mounting high and a full range of choices available, I could find no better place to start planning for my family.
Balanced Breadwinning When it comes to earning power, the number of Americans who advocate non-traditional marriages is steadily increasing.
This Could Be One Of The Reasons Anorexia Is So Hard To Treat 
The Awesomeness of Being Woman Why do we, as a society, instead of celebrating the wonders of the female reproductive system, ridicule it and teach our girls to hate the monthly arrival of Aunt Flo?
The Beauty of Breakups In retrospect, being curled up in fetal position makes perfect sense. When you find yourself in that protective posture, it may very well be that you are about to experience a rebirth. It's just an incubation period before your emergence.
13 Shonda Rhimes Quotes That Will Inspire Women To Succeed In A Man's World 
5 Overlooked Reasons to Give Online Dating a Try The biggest benefits of online dating are the ability to deliberately craft a great first impression (that can't be messed up by nerves) and to stretch yourself to date differently than you have in the past.
4 Ways to Accept a Compliment If you constantly feel like you're not good enough or that you don't deserve whatever great things have come your way in life, try changing the way you respond to the compliments you undoubtedly receive.
How Do You Let Go Of Something That Never Was? Maybe some people could remove themselves from that situation, flip an on-off switch. I am not one of those people. When I let people in, I inevitably begin to care. It is both a blessing and a burden.
Love Doesn't Just Disappear We all have times that we feel alone or fear that somehow we'll be forgotten simply because we've changed in a way that others find hard to accept.
Can Virtual Flirtation Be Considered Cheating? In a world that thrives on instantaneous interaction with a vast amount of people, attitudes towards conversation have become increasingly casual. The etiquette of communication has changed.
I Love Me I don't just want a relationship where I need someone to make me feel whole. That needs to come from within me not from someone else. I think two incomplete people don't make two whole people; they make two unhappy people in one miserable relationship.
Female Anchor Appears Without Headscarf On Saudi TV, Ignites Outrage 
5 Things I Learned About Life on My First Backpacking Trip For three days, I didn't brush my hair, I didn't wear makeup and I wore the same pants. Pee splattered on my ankles, and my nails were full of dirt. I gave up on my appearance. Instead, I looked at lakes, mountains and wildflowers. The result? My inner beauty felt alive and healthy.
One Nation Under Worry From well-paid business executives to low-paid retail workers, everyone I talked with is weighed down by something similar -- the anxiety generated by hard times. Across the class spectrum, we all feel insecure. We just feel it and deal with it in different ways.
7 Ways To Like Your Body More (Because We're Tired Of The BS) Every time we give another woman permission to talk about her experience openly, we reclaim a little power from a society that tells us we should just grin and juice cleanse it.
The Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
19 Eye-Opening Facts About Sex 
The CrossFit Case for Equal Pay If one of the fastest growing sports in America can apply the concept of equal pay for equal effort, we should be able to do the same in the world of work.
How Street Harassment Became An 'All-American Pastime' 
10 Things I Don't Give a Sh*t About Now That I'm 29 I once cared deeply about these things. But as I've gotten older and \wiser\ (debatable), I've realized they just don't matter to me.
Women Don't Actually Talk More Than Men 
I Was Jealous Of My Friend. Then She Got Cancer. I don't want her blue eyes the way her husband must want them before they closed each night. I don't want her body, and not just because it's gone. It was never mine to covet in the first place, just like her life.
Portrait of a Failed Pickup (And A Postscript) love this story. So often we have an awkward encounter with the opposite sex and it becomes nothing but fodder for a larger argument about why \men are pigs\ or \women are impossible.\
50 Pop Culture Icons Who Revolutionized The Way We Think About Sex 
89 Thoughts That Run Through A Woman's Head When She Looks At Dick Pics 
Be a Wonderful Friend... to Yourself Be your own best friend. I know it sounds incredibly corny, and yet it really is true. Because in reality, the only person you are absolutely guaranteed to go through life with and the only person that you truly know you can always count on, is yourself... so treat yourself with the care.
More Than a Superhero The comic book world is chock full of crime-fighting male superheroes. So it should come as no surprise that women (and men) enthusiastically greeted the recent announcement that Wonder Woman would play a key role in the upcoming Batman vs. Superman film.
Can Men and Women REALLY Just Be Friends? \If your 'friend' expresses interest in another friend of yours, you wouldn't hesitate to introduce them,\ explains Coleman. \But if you feel saddened or threatened by their interest in your other friend, then you're simply NOT 'just friends.'
Women's Innermost Thoughts About Food Reveal A Culture-Wide Problem 
Can Sex Work Make More Sense Than Working At Walmart? Hell, Yes I understand that there are women who are indeed coerced into sex work, who are abused by pimps, mistreated by johns, raped and bullied by men on the streets. But that simply was not my story. I made a conscious decision to enter the sex industry. When I wanted to quit, I did. So yes, for me, a job in the sex industry certainly made more sense than a job at Walmart.
4 Ways to Handle Workplace Frenemies Playing the diplomat isn't always possible, especially if a frenemy clearly crosses a workplace line. Feelings of tension can also hinder productivity for both parties, so it can be helpful to clear the air.
I Had a Boyhood Once, Too When you enter the world with two X chromosomes, you get placed quickly into a box. The Girl Box. Here, acceptable hair and clothing preferences are assumed; color and toy preferences are dictated.
5 Truths No One Tells You About Starting a Business The key, I believe, to surprise successes is constantly showing up and consistently taking action. Life doesn't \just happen,\ though at times it can feel that way. We've got to go and get it.
5 Reasons The Men You Date Aren't Meeting Your Expectations Very few men are going to know what you want, when you want it and how you want it. My grandmother used to say, \You must summer and winter, and summer and winter, with a man to truly know him,\ and for him to truly know you. Give a man the chance to know you.
Why I Have a Love-Hate Relationship With The Bachelorette (and The Bachelor) You see, I have two distinct sides to me
6 'Dating Rules' That You Should Absolutely Break Assess each new partner as an individual, and stay keenly connected with how you experience yourself while in his or her presence.
This Is Not My Body My body tells the story of all the pieces of women who made me; an amalgamation of my ancestry. I am a patchwork quilt of evolution built from the genetics of women who lived remarkably unremarkable lives.
Isabelle's Gift 
My Rapist Was A Sweetheart Charming and funny, he was also entirely unassuming. He got good grades, had lots of friends. He was a talented artist and student. He was also a dude who raped me. The fact that he's sweet and loves his mom doesn't change the fact that he had sex with me against my will.
Progress on Nobody's Timeline but Yours 
There Is No Right Way, Just Write To anyone who wants to be in many places at once, write. To everyone who doesn't think they're a \good writer,\ write. To those wanting to connect to their soul and inner wisdom, write.
Down Kitty! The Evolution of Female Competition When it comes to the intricacies of fashion, we women dress for each other. Of course we want the boys to like (lust, adore, pine for) us, but there are very few men out there who know something fabulous when they see it. And when they do, we start feeling a little suspicious.
IUD Inside Would you like to know why I choose an IUD as birth control? Because my husband and I enjoy having sex and we cannot afford another baby. Because I have been on hormonal birth control to manage severe cramps. Because I had a D&C five days postpartum after delivering our first son.
An Unexpected Heirloom An hour? To choose a wedding dress for the biggest day of your life? Unheard of. After all, one's wedding dress symbolizes a milestone, having great potential in becoming a family heirloom.
The \F Word\ (Why we should all be Feminists) If after considering all these things, you still feel that genders are either already equal or they don't need to be, I suppose you're entitled to your opinion.
Why Hillary Clinton's Gender Politics Matter For Young Women 
Part II Kissing seems like it would be one of those instinctive things humans do like yawning, stretching or scratching. After all, what is the big deal about two pairs of lips locking together? However, some kisses can be relationship-ending turnoffs.
Lena Dunham Asks Why People Use Birth Control, World Learns Critical Lesson 
5 Steps to Fabulous Female Friendships It's not always easy, especially as women, to foster sincere friendships. The ego loves to sink its teeth into thoughts provoking jealousy, competitiveness and insecurity. Women often love to hate other women.
Snuggling But there is some link, at least for me, between a happy home life and being a slug about everything else. That Josh loves me can't be the reason I love myself. That he thinks I am smart, competent and worthy can't be the reason I believe those things. It has to come from me.
4 Secrets to Success in a Man's World My generation has a seat at the table, but it comes with strings attached. I'm hoping that the next generation does not have to have \rules\ for working in a man's world.
Being Still A remarkable thing happens when I take a break to be still -- the demands that seemed so unwieldy become manageable.
I Love Kids, But I Don't Want To Be A Mom I absolutely adore children. Or rather, I adore them as long as I can escape from them at the end of the day. And I think that is perfectly OK.
Candlelit Transfusion I met a man 16 years ago. 14 years ago, he made me his wife. Like everyone, our marriage has had struggles. Now, after all the battles in which we have triumphed, we are facing our greatest one yet.
Here's Just How Much It Pays To Be Conventionally Attractive 
All Women Are Feminists (and All Men Are Too) Call yourself anti-feminist all you want ladies, but never forget that you have the freedom to define yourself because of feminism
Pat-A-Cake, Pat-A-Cake, I Can't Bake For My Man I didn't realize that you can't escape from cooking if you have a family. And despite my lack of talent in the kitchen, I still managed to become a codependent housewife.
The Transformative Power of Our Stories 
To Bring Him Home to Mom, Or Hang Him Out to Dry? May I introduce to you
Hey, Execs Who Think Female Characters Won't Sell -- Come Marvel At Marvel 
Retire the Bumbling Husband The Bumbling Husband is that lovable but incompetent man who just can't seem to keep himself out of trouble, much less keep a house in order. He is Homer Simpson, Peter Griffin.
You Can't Motivate Other People So Don't Even Try! Inspiring people is great! It implies that you have moved them mentally or emotionally in some way. But motivating people implies action. Go ahead and inspire all you want. But leave the action to other people! If you don't, you will only become as frustrated and exhausted as I've been.
Every Woman Has a Bikini Body The media makes it out to be a myth. A goal for every summer. No one truly has the bikini body that fitness/health publications talk about because it is not real. It is fictional. Yet, they give you just a few easy steps to get the body \they\ want... not the one you want.
The Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
Vanessa Williams Sheds Light on Female-on-Female Rape There are sound reasons why you rarely hear about female rape offenders
I Was In An Emotionally Abusive Relationship With A Person I Never Met For 7 Years 
Why Do We Shame Emotion In The Workplace? 
10 Things To Never, Ever Say To Someone With Depression 
9 Stereotypes About Sex Work That Have To Stop 
Sacrifice Is Not a Dirty Word Stop focusing on what you don't have and start developing what you do have. Your sacrifice is only meaningful if you use it as a springboard to positive actions that keep you on track. The more love you give, the more you'll receive.
Keeping The 'Happy' in 'Happy Birthday' I turned 34 this year. Yes, 34. I'm not ashamed to admit that I'm in my mid-thirties and am no longer the young woman I used to be, and I'm OK with it.
Dear Car Talk Brothers Without you, we'd have been cooked, which would have been almost as bad as driving over the edge of the Grand Canyon. On behalf of myself, my friend, her dog, and all foolish drivers, I belatedly thank you.
How I Learned To Stop Worrying And Love My 185-Pound Body Like many women, I've often distilled body image into a series of cold hard numbers
Letting Go of Your Memory Ghost If they aren't the person you used to know and love (and you can't get on board with who they are now) then let them go.
Tiffany Gave Up Her 'Dream Job' to Make the Best Move of Her Life 
To Wax Or Not To Wax? It's a form of torture for which we actually pay good money and we submit to it, if not happily, at least willingly. And we do this so that what nature gave us can be tweaked into a new version of what's acceptable.
We Make It Easy for Our Children to Not Grow Up I believe it is parents' responsibility to launch their children after college, letting them both succeed and fail on their own.
A Therapist's Top 5 Secrets to a Happy Relationship Take these to heart if you want to start repairing the damage that's been done and work on creating a happier future together.
Beautiful We should consider the people who know how to love deeply or are positive influences or even people who are warriors of peace more beautiful than the stick skinny starved models we see on the runways.
5 Things To Remember About Your Age Why is youth better than age and wisdom? It's not. We only think it is because we all \drank the Kool Aid.\
Is the Struggle Seductive? Women Entrepreneurs Achieve Success and Purpose Sharing Past Pains This clich\u00e9, \Your purpose is in your pain,\ surrounds the theory that in sharing your most hurtful, embarrassing, debilitating experiences will somehow bring you into your purpose, and that it is synonymous with experiencing success.
5 Signs That You Should End Your Relationship It's right out of a Sandra Bullock movie. Two completely opposite people meet and, in spite of their polar opposite personalities, they fall in love. Opposites attract! Well... sort of.
When You Think He's Forgotten You You round a corner and you are here. And you begin to cry a little when you realize that it will not be fancy and there will be no amuse bouche and most certainly no Michelin star chef and that you are supremely overdressed. And it could not be more perfect.
The Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
All The Women I Have Been Forgetting can be a beautiful thing, but sometimes we live too much in the present. We forget about all the girls and women we have been.
The 3 Biggest Myths About Feminism, Busted 
How I Went From Slut-Shamer To Women's Rights Activist 
Build Your Own Feminist I was probably too young to realize it at the time, but that bear taught me everything I needed to know about feminism.
Embracing Our Duty In order to achieve true equality in the work force, the CEO suite and the board room, more women must be willing to balance their personal choices with their duty. All women deserve these opportunities and our grandchildren need us to keep the movement going.
On Being a 'Badass' in Business Smart women entrepreneurs usually achieve high-level success leaving a wake of failures that cannot be rebounded from, only lived. Women are, and always have been, trail-blazers in the business world.
The Feminist Writer's Dilemma 
Beyonc\u00e9 Voters Tumblr Makes Us Proud To Be In The Single Lady Demo 
I Graduated College With No Debt -- and a $10,000 Refund I was awarded more scholarship money than the cost of attendance, and as a result, received refund checks back each semester, totaling over $10,000 in the last two years of my college career.
Why We Shouldn't Need A 'Health' Reason To Use Birth Control 
This Is The Only Chocolate Commercial You'll Ever Need To See 
Why We Need to Redefine 'Having It All' We need to reframe the conversation for women (and men) around success, but not focus on an antiquated notion of work-life balance or having to achieve a certain \level\ of success, but by the fundamental way we live our lives and what we want to be remembered by.
How Addiction Took My Sister's Life When someone you love commits suicide, people around you are quick to say, \It wasn't your fault.\ But I don't know.
Can A Woman Really Be Anti-Feminist? 
What Every Argument You've Ever Had Is REALLY About I know how it feels when the people in your life do crazy with unparalleled proficiency and panache. Sometimes it seems your only option is to unleash a well-deserved mix of rage, inarguable criticisms and the list of how you do the whole living thing in a superior fashion.
Cyndi Lauper 
Everything I Need To Know I Learned From 1970's And '80s TV Little House on the Prairie taught me about living on a farm in the 1800's. It also taught this big-haired '80s girl that good hair has always been important, even for Pa back in Walnut Grove.
Let's Stop Neutralizing Men The male position is not the neutral position. It has a point of view, the male point of view, which not everyone shares, and which is not always superior.  So please, stop announcing that Landon Donovan is the \all-time U.S. leading goal scorer.\
The Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
I Wore A Bikini And Nothing Happened Presumably I, as a fat woman, would not know how to properly operate the complicated piece of equipment known as a bikini. What if I became distracted by the complexity of spandex, a substance heretofore unknown to me, and wandered blindly into traffic? What if I ate it?
It's Your Patriotic Duty To Know These Fun, Outrageous Facts About The First Ladies 
What I Learned After Dating 98 Men In 9 Months There's a great myth that's been hoisted upon all women that \dating\ is fun. I'm convinced it's a conspiracy crafted to guarantee an ongoing form of economic revenue; women are forced to buy new clothes and makeup while men are lured into exorbitant restaurants to prove their merit.
Access To Birth Control Is About Much More Than Controlling Birth Every month, I refill my prescription for birth control pills and every day at the same time (well, mostly the same time), I swallow one of the little pills with a sip of water. But the reason I started taking birth control pills and continue to take them is probably not what you're thinking.
How to Spot an Abuser Before It's Too Late In my 30+ years of clinical experience, I've seen that abusers are often unable to solve conflicts verbally. Under stress, words fail them. Instead of using the small muscles around their mouth to discuss a problem, they lash out with large arm or leg muscles to relieve the tension.
My Failed Attempt at a Summer Romance We sat on the edge of Berehaven harbor, a fishing port on the southwestern coast of Ireland. Looking out into the misty water as a light drizzle began to fall onto empty boats, I wanted Charlie to kiss me even though I had a boyfriend back home.
If 'Real Men' Posed In Underwear Ads 
Samira Wiley Opens Up About Her First Sex Scene On 'OITNB' 
Oprah Dreams Do Come True In September, my father-in-law is making my dream of being in the same room with Oprah come true. But more importantly, he has taught me the power of sharing my purpose with the world.
'You're Smarter Than You Look' I am (a fake) blonde and have large breasts. I am also a writer, employed and pursuing my Master's. These are things that make me \me.\ These are all things that have nothing to do with each other. Right?
Snooping, Secrets, and Other Trust Killers I believe relationships should be built on trust, honesty and respect for each other's personal space. What I'm going to give you is a blueprint for building a trusting, loving relationship.
I May Have Stretch Marks, But I'm Still A Sexpot Don't apologize for your wrinkles, your opinion, your thighs, your voice, your cellulite, or your past. Just shut up about, you sexy thang, and celebrate by living.
The Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
The 6 Ghosts Of Boyfriends Past What is dating for, if not to teach us what we don't want? Each special person to cross our paths leaves a mark, a lesson -- sometimes in the form of scars, other times as fond memories. Yet in the end they play the same role -- they teach.
The 3 Worst Diets I Ever Tried Food has been my best friend, my boyfriend and my enemy since... like... birth. I started drinking milkshakes from the soda fountain at Woolworth's at 3-months-old and it's been a battle ever since.
The Secret History of 'Maleficent' However narratively clumsy, adaptations like Maleficent are inherently constructive. They teach us to humanize others in a society stalled not by men themselves, but by a patriarchal legacy that's dismissed qualities of the ancient goddess.
Is This The Most Extraordinary Women's Magazine Cover Ever? 
Appreciate Being The 'Single' One At Weddings 
An Open Apology To My 'Bad Side' When it comes to appearance, our bodies are considered guilty until proven innocent. The areas for judgement, from space between thighs to brow ridge prominence, are so numerous that it feels safer to just settle on one and own it.
Women Are Using Innovation As the Cornerstone to Launch New Businesses 
Destiny in the Time of Desires Desire will give us a short-lived thrill. It doesn't last. Having money to go on a shopping spree will only give us that adrenaline rush until the money is spent.
Why Women Should Get 'Un-Tired' 
A Women's Guide To Negotiating 
What The Packaging Of Women's Products Is Really Telling You 
Confessions Of A Female Serial Dater The most dates I've ever had in a week was five -- all with different guys. It's rare, but I've even had multiple dates on the same day. Coffee? Lunch? Dinner? Drinks? There are too many options. Once, I brought two guys out on a  group date. It really was an accident.
Feel Like You'll Never Be As Good As That Person? Ever fixate on someone else's success to the point that you think they shine the \brightest,\ just like the North Star? (But guess what? The North Star isn't the brightest star in the sky, not even close!) Their \star\ doesn't shine any brighter than yours!
6 Questions You Should Stop Asking 4. Do you want to meet my boyfriend's dog sitter's cousin? He's recently single and though he's not really my type, I think you might like him. No, thanks.
The Marriage Statistics That Women NEED to Stop Worrying About Should girls go out of state in order to be closer to their boyfriend's new occupation? Should they plan their life around someone who isn't their husband? Should they demand a ring before they make any big choices? And if they do so... are they now...\that girl\?
5 Things Empowered Women Know About Dating Empowerment comes from within. Whether it's business or personal, once you consciously choose to not listen to your intuition, you have disempowered yourself.
Are You Hot or Not? The Answer May Change With Time We all venture into the dating world hoping that others will appreciate our charms, even if our noses are crooked or our bellies spill over our belts. And the good news is they will -- but it may take some time.
Here Is What You Do When You Are Grieving Weakness and vulnerability are not the same. In case you'd forgotten. It is sometimes helpful to remember this.
Why I Don't Judge The 'Pretty Girls' At The Gym Anymore I realized that I have been judged my whole life, and what I did was wrong. She had nothing to do with people calling me fat, stupid and lazy. I did by not standing up for myself.
Trophy Wives Are Probably More Myth Than Reality 
Depression to Bliss Through being vulnerable we can show others our wounds, we can show them that we all have the same ones. I want you to see that there is always hope, that there is always light around us and that we are ultimately much more resilient than we could ever imagined.
No Headlines for Botox Barbie It seems Barbie's mid-life crisis started around five years ago when this former beauty queen was traumatized after receiving her AARP card in the mail.  Recent tattoos, endless diets, strict workout regimens, and bizarre anti-aging rituals- yep, her mid-life crisis was in full swing.  Who can blame her?
What Two-Thirds Of Female Leaders Don't Know About Thriving Can you name your top five strengths -- you know those things you're good at and actually enjoy doing at work? If you struggled, you're not alone.
Lessons Learned on Work-Life Balance Remember to not let work or yourself get in the way when there is a time when a loved one really needs you. Women tend to think they can do it all, but that is not always the case in every situation in your life. It is OK to put work on the back burner during difficult seasons in your life.
Voices of WLI I understand now more than ever that women, regardless of their religion, culture, or social status, have very similar challenges and needs. Because of this understanding I am better able to embrace myself as a woman. Furthermore, I am better able to be supportive of other women.
Don't Ask Women What Women Want There seems to be a tendency for women to hold beliefs and attitudes about their own gender that are similar to the beliefs and attitudes that men have about women. In other words, women seem to be stereotyping other women like men.
3 Things They Don't Teach you in School (But Perhaps Should) You have to kiss a lot of frogs before you find the one you love, and the same thing is true in business. You know it when you find it, and if you're not sure, keep looking.
What I Realized When I Let My Mom Take Over My Online Dating Profile One breezy September evening, I gave my mom the verbal OK, my username, my password and my attention. I let my mom take over my JDate account for one night.
The Loss That Changed My Relationship -- and Outlook on Life I learned that detachment isn't about giving up, It's about giving over. Giving it over to God, the universe, whatever you believe in.
The Problem With Reality TV What is our fascination with realty television? Why can't we watch documentaries or shows that teach us something like America with Lisa Ling, instead of finding satisfaction in seeing other people's dysfunctional lives?
The Reason You Never Hit Your Goals You must constantly remind yourself that
This Video Reminds Women To Stop Apologizing So Much 
This Author Thinks All Women Are 'Crazy' -- And Wants Us To Own It 
Why Saying 'No' Shouldn't Make You the Villain Creating a culture of consent for both genders means acknowledging that \no\ means all kinds of things. But, if you're hearing it from someone who identifies as female, it should never be taken as \Yes, I'm a prude, and my goal here is to ruin your fun.\
The Female Double Bind Part II Make a commitment and strive to understand your friends, coworkers, daughters and moms -- because they are being judged just as harshly for their intrinsic personalities. Let's work to be embraced by our choices, instead defined by our of limitations.
Secrets to the Perfect Body The messages of body image and appearance are exhausting. But, real value does not rise or fall with the number on a scale. Real worth does not count wrinkles or number of years.
Always A Bridesmaid (11 Times) Some dramafied episode will happen. It just will. I've seen fistfights that ended the dancing part and major b*tchery between the bride's newer friends and older ones. I've seen food throwing between divorced parents of the bride.
Raise Your Hand If You Use a Phone App for Dating We spend so much of our free time (or our on-the-clock time) browsing through our social media pages and posting some of the most personal photos and facts about what we are up to or what we desperately strive to become. Quite often I feel as though I'm learning more about people on Twitter or Instagram than I would if we were sitting across one another.
21 Lessons I Learned After One Year As A Sober 21-Year-Old A little over a year ago, at 20 years old, I took my last sip of alcohol. That's right -- I've never even had a legal drink. Instead I've had lessons -- some of them obvious, others blessings in disguise.
How to Really Achieve the Perfect 'Beach Body' I want to fill you in on a little secret that you may have forgotten between pomegranate and plyometrics
One Man's Spot-On Message For 'Men's Rights' Activists 
Following in the Footsteps of Ada Lovelace, First Computer Programmer It was an auspicious start for women in technology, but unfortunately, more than 170 years later, women remain woefully under-represented in technology and little funding is steered toward them.
The Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
Father's Day Like most men in the days prior to the high-tech era, dad loved gadgets. He had an electric shoe shine machine, a weather radio, a movie camera and projector, a tape recorder and a slide projector. I wanted to get him something to add to his collection.
Is There Something Wrong With Me if I've Been Involved with a Narcissist? If you are still involved with a narcissist, you may not realize how completely your attention has been diverted from your self and your own life.
Is Stepping on the Scale Sabotaging Your Weight? We can become more aware of how we feel about our bodies, and what our bodies need by reminding ourselves that hunger is not always about food. Food and emotions are deeply connected.
Mother Jumps From Nagging to Bragging About Marijuana I was force-fed through an IV at a cost of a grand per day to my health insurance carrier. After two three-week stays in the cancer ward, I was released, only to start losing weight again. Fortunately, a member of my oncology team knew exactly what to do about my drastic weight loss. I was urged to get my hands on the real deal -- marijuana.
Why I'm So Grateful For My 'Soccer Mom' Dad As a lawyer turned successful restauranteur, my father is by far the hardest-working person I know. And after years of piecing together his dream life, my dad turned out to be, well, my soccer mom.
Laverne Cox 
Why Fertility Treatment Doesn't Necessarily Mean IVF You've been trying to get pregnant for a year and it's just not happening. It isn't surprising that you may think you are headed straight for IVF since it's the most talked about fertility treatment option. However, your fertility journey will likely begin with tests followed by one of several low tech treatment options.
Dear George Will, Here Are A Few Words On My #SurvivorPrivilege I'm not surprised when crap is written that perpetuates rape culture. That doesn't make it less important to call out and it certainly doesn't make the discussions that crop up around the idiocy less valid. Which brings us to George Will.
How Women Entrepreneurs Are Overcoming Superhuman Syndrome I began to wonder, how many other women had experienced Superhuman Syndrome. What I found was this. I wasn't the only women entrepreneur out there changing their Superhuman ways.
What Busy Philipps Wishes She Had Known During Her 'Freaks And Geeks' Days 
Age Is a State of Mind How can we choose happiness when society has programmed us to fear the aging process? Age is a state of mind. If we are always chasing youth, we are stuck in the past. But being stuck in the past only fuels the negative thought patterns in our minds.
All Gold Everything (Notes on Depression and Feeling Broken) All of my hours seem to be running together these days. I used to think that my life was unstructured and spontaneous, but that's not the truth.
45 Things That Are Better Than Having A Boyfriend What is the greatest part about not having a boyfriend? It's understanding that you do not require one to be complete.
11 Father's Day Gifts Better Than A Tie 
Teen Impregnation Is the Real Problem, Not Teen Pregnancy When a teenage girl gets pregnant, it is often the fault of an adult male. You would not know it from reading most of the government reports and scientific publications, but teen impregnation involves men, too -- not just teenage girls and not even just teens.
The Violence of Abortion Barbie, Wendy Davis Affiliating Wendy Davis with Barbie attempts to transform a political leader into a vapid and empty-headed doll famous for her over-sexualized body. The pink Barbie-like frame of the poster plays up girlhood and downplays womanhood.
Boardroom Hokey Pokey For me, as a leader and an executive, what you see is what you get. I either put my whole self in, or I take my whole self out. And yes, sometimes, I shake it all about. For me, that's what it's all about. I'm not apologizing.
What Is So Bad About Being Good? I am not arguing that we should throw away the very virtues that are found within the feminine and masculine categories. I say we should stop distinguishing between \masculine virtues\ and \feminine virtues.\
Where the Boys Are It's no longer acceptable to condemn individual behavior without looking at the culture that protects and promotes it.
13 Reasons A Bestie Is Irreplaceable, As Told Through Our Favorite Fictional BFFs 
An Interview With Joy Hoover of the Cupcake Girls I recently sat down with Joy Hoover, Founder of The Cupcake Girls, a non-profit that brings non-judgmental support, consistent caring, community resources, peace, love, and cupcakes to women in the adult entertainment industry.
The Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
I'm a Feminist and I Want to Get Married It seems something happened during the female march from rolling pins to corner offices, and I'm not entirely sure it's worth celebrating
This Instagram Account Shames Skinny Women For Posing With Food Why is this Instagrammer hell-bent on \proving\ that people are lying about what they consume? Picking on individual people for images they uploaded of meals or treats they're about to enjoy sounds a lot like shaming.
Cure Idea Bloat and Get Focused Ever find that you have so many ideas you don't know which one to focus on first? That it's hard to prioritize what's important (and what's not), and you just end up feeling stuck in always planning out an idea?
Is 'Slut Shaming' an Appropriate Term? Can we still use the term \slut shaming\ to describe a very specific mindset we see exhibited from sexists so frequently without reclaiming it? When we use this term are we inherently using the language of oppressors?
Thriving Through Acceptance of Self I love my looks, and quite frankly, I could care less if it matters to anyone else. It took me many years to reach that place of confidence, despite irregular features. But my own concept of beauty allows me to be as beautiful as I want to be, and I've noticed that the world responds on my terms.
In the Pursuit of Romance If Daisy Miller taught us anything, it's that being seduced by chiseled Italian men will lead to dying from malaria. Lizzie McGuire thought she could prove this b*tch wrong, so she went ahead, fell in love with her own Giovanelli and found that he was actually a fake. Lesson learned, right?
14 Times The Women Of 'Orange Is The New Black' Were Seriously Badass 
From Broken to Beautiful -- How to Cultivate Beauty That Lasts We keep telling ourselves that we should be flawless. When our lives falls short of our imaginary utopia, we get scared and lash out at ourselves and those we love. Our society worships perfection, photoshopping out wrinkles and bulges of our starving models.
Why I Have to Stay Hidden \I don't understand. I'd feel better if you wore a reflector.\ It's because you're 6'4\ and 220 pounds and a man. You think about getting hit by a car. I think about being attacked. I think about it every time I step out of the door to run alone... whether at 3:30 a.m. or 3:30 p.m.
From a Fatherless Daughter If we weren't so distracted by the \outstanding\ as some kind of bizarre yardstick of self-worth measurement, we would appreciate and relish the real, the small and the imperfect.
Invisible Square I have seen how my heart rises and sets with the sun. I wake up in the morning do my visualization and my intention for the day and I feel great and excited my heart feels like it is shining bright and it is time for me to embrace the world.
I Am Not Defined by My Job It might still be a slow slog to the thriving career I am trying to create, but at least now I value myself as a person. I drowned out the voices that were telling me I was an incompetent failure and I won. Because I am a winner and I am here to win!
Is HBO's 'Silicon Valley' A Critique Of Sexism Or Just Sexist? 
The Fabulous Power of Fearless Women What does \power\ mean? How do we define it? And how do we need to redefine it again and again in life, as we go, grow, get challenged, fail, learn, succeed, mature?
6 Things to Finally Forgive Mom for Who else will tell you it's their loss when you're rejected by a boy or a friend or a publisher? Who else remembers fondly the dance routine you made up to \Cool Rider\ from Grease 2 and will tell you with a straight face that it was a very good performance?
10 Habits Every Woman Should Avoid I was the poster child of anarchic identity. I didn't know who I was -- SO I was trying to be everything. I was stressed while working really hard on my medical research, I had a fussy infant, but was also trying to be fit, sexy, and a homemaker at the same time. And it wasn't working.
Meet Edie Always reach out to other people. People like to help people. It makes them feel good. They don't have to give you the time and help -- just the fact that you asked [is important].
7 Ways to Cook Up Chemistry Through Conversation While you can't force attraction, there are definitely some things you can do to cultivate it. Personality and conversation are dramatically under-appreciated tools in the toolkit of finding a mate.
It's Not Easy I needed to create a trail on this guy. Just in case he did it to someone else, the police would have a record of it. And maybe the next target would be helped. Could be helped. Because they've done it before, and will do it again.
6 Dating Tips Every Man Should Know If you've been dishing with your friends about how the guy you're dating \just doesn't get it,\ here's your chance to school him on what women really want.
10 Things All Single Men Should Know Because I love my friends and can sit on my married perch and spew advice, I have a few things to say. Not to my amazing friends who are the real deal, the total package, the prize. But for the guys they date. Just a few pointers.
10 Rules Of Email Etiquette Every Woman Should Follow 
Why You Don't Need to Go to the Gym I lift two 8-lb. weights up and down a few times until I notice the people next to me lifting quadruple that amount, practically rolling their eyes at me. By the time I lay down on the mat to do a round of abs, I'm exhausted. I'm closing my eyes and pretending I'm back in Mrs. Kay's kindergarden class and this is nap time.
Take Yourself To Work Every Day! The entire notion of a \personal self\ vs. a \work self\ - with clear boundaries in between - is fading. There will inevitably be spillover. Research and experience have shown that when employees have opportunities to express who they really are in the workplace, everyone benefits.
The Fear of Missing Out -- and How It's Killing You Ever have that feeling in your career where there are so many paths you want to pursue and you're pulled in every direction, yet you don't know which one to pick? Maybe you're interested in many different passions, but there aren't enough hours in a day to do all that you wanted.
Kate Van Dellen Even the commercials where the man \gets the girl\ by giving her something sparkly to wear imprints a message that women can be purchased.
51 Pretty Shocking Facts That Make Things Harder For Every Woman You Have Ever Met 
12 Cold Facts About Being Super-Hot 
The Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
Despite Regional Differences, Women Across the Globe Face Same Career Advancement Challenges 
Can Hooters Please Take These Signs Down? When I looked I saw two signs plastered on their building. Two signs that I have probably seen in the past, but ignored. One was of breasts with the word \bumps\ underneath. The other said \Caution Blondes Thinking.\
The Two Different Meanings of a Breakup How do you know the correct message within a breakup speech? How can you tell if it's definitive, or a threat set up as a test?
6 Reasons Not to Stress About Being Single Being alone does not mean you have to be lonely. And it certainly doesn't mean you have to spend every waking hour looking for someone to share your alone time with.
4 (More) Early Warning Signs of a Toxic Relationship The silver lining to dating someone who is emotionally and physically abusive is that they've set the bar pretty low. In contrast, everyone else you ever date will seem like Princess Charming. Of course, this silver lining is simultaneously a potential problem.
The Quarter Life Kids Hey world hey. It's us, the \Millennials.\ (Which is basically a fancy word for Gen Y/20-somethings/humans who grew up in the 90s/blah blah you get it.) We wanted to take the opportunity to talk about ourselves (shocker!).
3 Benefits of Having 'Couple Friends' if you're looking to change up your date night routine, or add a dash of excitement to your love life, hanging out with other monogamous couples can be just what you need.
You Can't Be What You Can't See f these numbers indicate anything, let it be that we owe the women around us a great deal more support -- and far more opportunities -- than they are currently given.
Defending Our Shores 
Girls Run the World By Writing It n a media culture that often dictates, demeans and disenfranchises girls and women, that pits us against one another, infantilizes or downright ignores our imprints on culture, the power of women telling stories should not be underestimated.
Maya on My Mind In spite of all our vast differences, I related to so many of her words. They made me think about what I can endure, dream, fail at and mercifully still survive
25 Reasons You Deserve To Feel Good In A Bathing Suit 
Elliot Rodger And The C-Word It was one of those icky moments that, if you are a woman, you have likely experienced. It may have been years ago, but it might as well have been yesterday because you still remember it in vivid detail -- including how vulnerable you felt, how powerless you must have seemed.
Are You Addicted to Approval? How to Get Past Insecurities in Your Relationships Strive to become comfortable in your own skin. It's a journey, but having confidence in your decisions, values and who you are as person will help you lead a more fulfilling life.
Mansplaining or Male Muting A mansplainer assumes a woman knows less than he does. A male muter assumes a woman knows less than he does and thus feels no need to explain.
5 Things I've Learned About Resilience From Wives of Wounded Warriors Acceptance is not the same as compliance. It's about experiencing the emotions and trusting that you will bounce back. Ultimately, emotional resilience is about attitude. By focusing on the positive they live more in the solution than the problem. Gratitude does go a long way.
Feminism Is More Than What Young Hollywood Thinks About It Young women talking about feminism is important. But focusing only on which young, famous women embrace or reject the label of \feminist\ essentially reduces the issue of equal rights to a hashtag.
Why Women Shouldn't Be Excused for Violence Against Men In the moment when control is lost and the person before you stops becoming human, and becomes your victim. It's never OK for a woman to violently attack a man, just as it is never OK when a man does it. Isn't that what gender equality is all about?
The Difference Between Having OCD And 'Being Sooo OCD' While I'm glad that obsessive-compulsive disorder has emerged in our cultural consciousness and that some realistic depictions of it are being depicted in mass media, it's extremely annoying how often I hear people claim that they are sooooo OCD over some tiny little quirk.
The Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
The Swimsuit Guide No Woman Should Have To Read I hate these swimsuit guides. They're supposed to \help\ women find a suit that makes them feel like The Princess of the Waterpark, but what they actually do is make women's self-esteem crash and burn before they've even set foot in the badly-lit dressing room at Macy's.
Neko Case Puts Playboy In Its Place After Sexist Tweet 
Face It When the Tony awards are presented June 8, the names of many dazzling actresses will be announced. As for women behind the scenes?  Not so much.
My Story About Being A Young Black Girl In America Matters 
15 Things You Should Never Say To A Feminist 
Where Celebrity And The Women's Movement Clash 
The Problem With Facebook's New 'Ask' Button You can be a poker or an asker... or you could be a human being and pick up the phone or send a person a message and say, \Hi, how are you? I'd really love to catch up.\
Do Video Games Encourage Boys To Be Sexist? 
Zosia Mamet Says You Don't Have To Be Hillary, Bey Or Oprah To Be Successful 
12 Ways Women Sabotage Themselves At Work No matter your rung on the corporate ladder, many people, especially women, engage in some sort of career self-sabotage, from small insidious mistakes to fireworks that can dominate water cooler conversation for weeks.
10 Realizations That Changed My Life I want to share a set of realizations that have quite literally changed my life in the last few months. I learned some of these from others, but each one resulted in a pivotal aha moment that changed the way I see myself as a woman, wife, and mother.
10 Guys Reveal The Secret To Love (As Told By Their Moms) How do we learn what it means to really fall in love? More simply put, who teaches us how to actually date?
Covered Mirrors 
How to Make a Relationship Work When Your Schedules Don't Gel When it to comes to juggling work and life schedules, many partners feel like ships passing in the night. Whether it's business travel, long hours at the office or family responsibilities that are keeping your schedules out of sync, at some point, it's bound to start wearing on you.
Building and Growing Female Leaders Pretending there is not a difference between male and female executives does not help empower women nor allow them to overcome the necessary roadblocks to achieve greater success. Organizations that understand this will be the catalyst for positive change.
My Problem Isn't With Marriage -- It's With Married People As a man who is on the verge of turning 32-years-old, it seems that not a month goes by where somebody isn't asking me when I am getting married. No matter how many times I am asked this question with a judgmental undertone lurking beneath, I always have the same response.
Female Sexuality Before Mrs. Carter Beyonc\u00e9 is all about control, and because of that she may be the best entertainer on the planet right now. Sensuality can be about control, sex can be about control, but the idea of losing yourself in another person -- I don't get that when I listen to Bey.
Say Cheese! Documenting Our Lives in Every Imaginable Pose There are poses beside the limo. In the limo. On top of the limo. There are solo poses. Group poses. Date poses. And then a nice mixture of all the aforementioned. There are poses by ponds with ducks. Poses with duck faces. This picture extravaganza is not just limited to prom night.
Why Feminism Still Needs Our Attention The feminism I believe in is about choice; I want to be able to choose what I do with my life, how I look and what I choose to wear and yet still be taken seriously. That's because I want to choose not to be considered just for my looks but also for my intelligence.
The Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
Should Women Apologize for Abortion? In the United Sates, one out of every three women has had an abortion. If you are a women living in Texas and a growing number of states, access to this basic, simple and safe procedure has been severely restricted.
Deciphering What One Woman Wants in a Man When I say I want him to be funny, I mean I want a man with the wit to examine situations, find the humor in them and share them with me.
Why I Left a Comfortable Corporate Gig to Bring More Gratitude to Healthcare More degrees often means feeling more shackled to a job and career. You feel pressured to \meet your full potential\ (and pay off debt) instead of feeling free to take a chance. I am a big believer in never picking a job based on building a resume or because it's what everyone expects of you.
Colorism and the Most Beautiful Woman This is still a complex issue. One person, one experience, like seeing Lupita on a cover, cannot undo hundreds of years of an internalized issue.  Just like anything else, it is going to take time.
One Good Egg Three years of failed fertility treatments makes you re-think a few things. If I used a donor egg, would I love that child any less? If I carry that baby for nine months, can anyone tell me it's not mine? Do I think my kid is going to care that mommy needed a little help to bring him or her into the world?
There's a Larger Dialogue on Gender That Has Gone Missing What is happening to these young women is nothing new. They are victimized because they are girls. This happens every day all over the world.
Your Mom Picked Your Name... Can She Pick Your Mate? When it comes to mating, we apparently value Mama's opinion more than our Dear Old Dad's, our besties and even our pets.
Meet the Morphmoms \There is no job that will give you AS much joy as motherhood because there's such great risk involved and in life we know that without great risk there is no great reward.\
The Sometimes-Gross, Non-Sexual Intimacy Of Female Friendships 
How High-Powered Women Are Redefining Power 
The Sexual Violence Culture and How It Empowers Abuse My advocacy has taken many forms but is mostly based on doing what sexual abusers hate the most. I talk about it because I have learned that doing so is the most immediate and effective way to unempower abusers.
The Bold and the Cautious Jess went to Beijing without knowing a word of Mandarin, winging it all the way, while Rachel planned and plotted for months before hopping on her carefully-chosen Air France flight to Paris. We're both adamant that our own methods are the best way to approach life and moving abroad.
When Will We Stop Asking If We're Enough? \Not to be all 'vulnerable',\ we'd say with air quotes and then relay some vague truth about our lives or feelings. It was a tactic to avoid the messy emotions roiling beneath our skin, mostly asking, \Am I enough?\
What the White House Isn't Getting About Sexual Assault Although the White House tackling sexual assault is a victory for advocates for sexual assault survivors and prevention, the way the task force is framing this issue is fundamentally flawed.  This PSA, while an honorable effort, promotes an extremely patriarchal view of women
The Raw Truth About Overnight Success Both successful businesses and actually making your dreams come true takes action, dedication, focus and time. Only time can give you what you need. So roll up your sleeves and have fun on the adventure of life. Those who embrace the journey are the ones who see the huge results.
More Than Double the Time You've Been Alive Once I hit my \mid-twenties,\ these announcements trickled in slowly, and then, all at once. Sometimes it seems like not a week goes by where I don't hear about someone I know getting engaged and/or married.
You Know You're Getting Older When... 
Mommy Garb Certainly, there are enough choices available within \mom\ fashion that allows us to look casual, comfortable, and attractive at appealing prices. We needn't break the bank to look good as moms.  All we need do is to take pride in ourselves as irreplaceable souls to so many and then find an outfit that reflects this \true\ beauty.
Be Youtiful Step outside and do something that makes you feel good. There are many ways we can explore our beautiful side, sometimes it just means us reminding ourselves of the things that make us unique.
The Mommy Penalty on Online Dating Sites While aging is not often considered a positive factor for women in the dating game, mothers fare better as they age.
Many or Few What is the right number of friends for you, has that number changed over your life and have you found yourself wanting more friendships?
What Women Should Really Be Doing in Their Early 20s I feel nothing makes the advice distinctly applicable to women in their early 20s. The advice can always apply to just about anyone until now. Here is a list of what women in their early 20s should be doing.
This Is 35 It's okay to do life backwards, or sideways, or weirdly. It is, after all, your life.
It Takes a Village to Save a Mom's Life Just as raising children is a collective effort, making sure their moms survive is a task that we all have a responsibility to share.
Wisdom From My Mother In the spirit of honoring mothers every day, not just on mother's day, I asked individuals from around the world to share with me, wisdoms from their mothers. Not surprisingly, they confirm how unrelenting and influential our mothers are globally.
Maybe the World Just Needs a Hug But in a world that so desperately needs love, perhaps the fact that there is a woman in the world who has hugged an estimated 33 million people, who shows no signs of stopping and who gives tirelessly of herself in pursuit of a vision for a better world is miracle enough.
Standing in the Light What happens when you became your own enemy? What happens where you fail to save yourself from the very darkness you created?
5 Lessons from Chibok Our stories are probably less dramatic, but no less significant. And as we recover the dreams of our own lost childhoods, we can commit ourselves to expanding the rights and restoring the dignity of every child on this planet.
A Tale of a Recovering Anorexic, Part Six Anorexia is a life-long battle, and I know that I will always be in recovery. But I also know that I have achieved an incredible feat in beating this horrendous disease. And for that, I have finally gained happiness.
Find Your Rudder To the outside world, blogging can seem like a solitary endeavor with millions of writers sitting alone filling computer screens with words. But blogging is just partly about writing; it is really about making connections. You put your soul on your blog, and people respond.
About Honesty in Women's Health... A small victory for reproductive justice
Bring Back Our Girls 
Stairs! 
One Food Has Gotten My Mother and Me Through Everything Sometimes, it seems as though at every major moment of my life, cupcakes were present. They were eaten on every birthday and anniversary, each sick day and summer vacation. They were even in her hospital bag when I was born, smushed in between diapers and a change of clothes.
7 (Unintentional) Lessons I Learned From My Mom The first lesson that my Ima taught me was that family isn't defined by location. And that home isn't permanent and can be created between any four walls. I followed her lead in this and today live a plane flight away. I'm not sure she's thrilled that this a lesson I gleaned. It wasn't an intentional one.
On Mother's Day, Giving Women What They Really Deserve This Mother's Day, as we celebrate the women who sacrifice so much to support their families and give their kids a chance to live the American dream, we must demand that our leaders step up to the plate and do their part to lift up America's mothers.
The Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
What I Know About Being A Daughter Now That I'm In My 20s Get on board with your mom's humanity, flaws and all. Once you do, you'll probably love her even more completely.
The Face in the Mirror Is My Mother's Face Today, in our interconnected world, our lives may be lived through the stories we tell others about ourselves, but forever, and always, my smile will be my mother's smile. The hand raised high to wave hello or goodbye is also hers. My feet even slip into the same shoe size my mother wore.
Gloria Steinem 
Five Business Lessons I Learned From Launching a Sex Site I believe you can change the world through sex. My team and I are working to make sex better for all of us and to provide a healthy, real-world counterpoint to the ubiquitous influence of porn. The world of business and tech is doing everything it possibly can to stop us.
Why Women CEOs Are Fired More Often Than Men 
If Headlines Treated Women Like People, Not Objects 
Why I Spent My 40th Birthday In My Mother's Closet In the years since my mom died, I watched my friends rely on their own moms to help care for their young children, seek advice and tell them every once in a while that they were doing a good job. I don't think anyone ever told me that. I knew mom would have, but where the hell was she?
The Grown Woman Series The only reason we perpetuate these restrictions is to bring some sense of order to our own worlds. We enjoy the comfort of categorizing people. Grown women make decisions for themselves -- not for other women nor based on other women.
These Vintage Newsreels Are Absurdly Sexist 
8 Reasons He Didn't Ask for Your Number He's stuck in 1999 and only has a beeper. I'll start with this one because it's really, truly, the most unlikely reason. Yet, when you are running through different potential play-by-plays as to why someone didn't ask for your number, you'll always start with the most absurd possibility.
Recipe For Standing Up To A Sneaky Bully On top of being mean, they're smooth as hell; often the only evidence you'll have that you've even been hit by one of these barracudas is a strong feeling of bad about yourself. Here's a recipe for getting your bearings after a sneak attack.
Watch Women Answer Questions Men Are Too Embarrassed To Ask 
A Thin Margin for Error Our foremothers didn't blaze the trail so that I could become a stressed-out, harried, working mom, speeding her way through life, putting herself and others in danger. That humbling truth landed with a sting. My margin for error was too tight. I was not thriving, I was barely surviving.
My Mother Is Better At Online Dating Than Me 
Why Is the Math Gender Gap So Much Worse in the US Than in Other Countries? In most countries, girls outperform boys in math. However, in the US, boys uniformly best girls. We are joined in the low-performing bottom three by Liechtenstein and Columbia.  While we have the greater problem that math and science education in the US seriously lags that of other nations, we must face the fact that that lag is also the product of gender inequities.
May The Fourth Bring Forth More Female Jedi The fictional \girl next door\ should be the girl changing the world with all the geekiness, creativity and overwhelming drive she can muster -- sparkly things optional, but strongly encouraged.
The Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
5 Things I Learned After A Year Apart From My Husband We have been able to make these situations work because frankly, I'd rather be part-time with him than be full-time with anyone else. Through this time, we learned that as a couple we can weather anything. We are together because we want to be -- not because we need to be with someone.
Girl's Snapchat Boyfriend Is So Perfect He Can't Be Real 
My American Dream We need to raise the minimum wage to at least $10.10 to help hardworking families who are struggling to scrape by. In tough economic times, there are few policies that could have as immediate, and as dramatic, of a boost for American workers, particularly for women of color.
Better Red Than Dead Yes, I know the title is a bit jarring... but then, again, that's the point. One in every three American women will die of heart disease; that means one woman every minute. That means someone you know... or maybe even you.
Are Tattoos Taboo In Middle-Age? I am very conflicted about the tattoo. Because I'm a fashion and corporate rebel, many are surprised there's not some ink lurking under my R13 Jeans.
What's Wrong With Female Entrepreneurs? How about all of us in the entrepreneurship ecosystem look inward to understand our personal money story and shift the narrative of our time?
Debra Messing On The Myth Of The Perfect Woman 
100 Percent Mid-Century, Zero Percent Modern Recently, Phyllis Schlafly emerged from her 1950s time capsule with both hot glue guns blazing. She took aim at the issue of income inequality and the proposed legislation to address the problem.
I Survived Assault In India, But When I Went to Police, I Was Victim Blamed People were passing by, staring in awe at the scene that was taking place in front of them. Their heads turned sideways as they glanced back at me in horror and surprise. A few people even slowed down to watch him throw me to the ground. But not a single one of them stopped. No one came to help. I was alone.
10 Things To Remember For Your 40s I am more comfortable in my own skin, calmer about the challenges I face and able to function better in my relationships in my personal and professional life. I also look a hell of a lot better because I have more money than I did at 20!
Virginity Pledges Are a Dangerous Substitute for Sex Edcuation Please, for the love of God, know that sex is normal and natural. Please do not feel shame if you end up giving in to normal biological urges, but before you do please seek out comprehensive information on sex, contraception, and protection.
Belonging Even in the face of stereotypes and structural barriers there just may be one profound solution to our ambition, performance and confidence waning in situations where we don't feel like we fit in.
Don't Do This While Trying to Conceive While planning a pregnancy can be an excitingly blissful time, it can also be extremely stressful when it's not happening as quickly as you'd hoped. But agonizing over not getting pregnant can be the exact thing that's keeping you from conceiving.
The Path to Self-Compassion I am not saying you should excuse yourself for bad behavior, but you should never let your mistakes take over. You should have an immense amount of self-love because you are your greatest ally. You know your own heart better than anyone.
My Aunts George, Johnny and Bill (and the Hat in My Attic) In our New Jersey attic, there is precisely one hat, standing in immense and ghostly isolation beneath a tent of blue Indian gauze, its custom-made hat-stand crafted by a friend in Up-country South Carolina about 20 years ago.
Getting Ready Is the Best Part of Going Out Getting ready to go out officially begins after showers, and then it's time to get serious about fun.
Connection, Mission, Game 
7 Pearls of Wisdom From Thrive Conventional definitions of success have us chasing our tails. Contemporary outlooks will have us living in truth. This new perspective of success has to include the intangibles of happiness and purpose. Only in these pursuits can the experience of authentic joy be attained.
How Belle Knox Reveals Our Bipartisan Sexual Authoritarianism The sad truth is that both writers at National Review and The Nation share an idealized, fairy-tale conception sex -- though, of course, the details differ -- along with a ruthless impulse to shame and stigmatize the men and women who deviate from their scripts.
Veterans Talk About Women in Combat In 2013 women became eligible for the same combat opportunities as men in the armed services. President Obama has advocated vigorously for women in combat, and the goal is for the Armed Services to fully integrate women into all spheres by January 1, 2016.
I See London, I See France... But I Don't Want to See Beyonc\u00e9 in Her Underpants Of the many powerful women who have graced the cover of TIME magazine in it's near century existence, only one was in her underwear.
4 Ways to Spring Clean Your Love Life Now's the time to de-clutter your love life, so let's clean out what's not working and get some fresh perspective. Here are several great tips to sweep away the old and make room for an awesome fresh start.
Maren Sanchez and the Gender Gaps No One Is Talking About We have a national problem with not expecting or teaching boys to control themselves when they are quite clearly biologically capable of doing so.  That's a gap no one is talking about on Sunday morning news programs.
The Funniest Tweets From Women This Week 
A Drunk Girl's Guide to Late Night Texting (Based on Lots of Personal Experience) To talk about late-night texting etiquette is to talk about flimsy sober intentions, so weak they crumble after one whiskey sour and a guy who has the same name as your ex.
14 Totally Overrated Things We Couldn't Wait To Do As Little Girls 
Ben Brantley Is Asking For It Nearly every woman I know has a story of being harassed, followed, threatened, frightened or raped. In 100 percent of these cases these women, however they may have been dressed, whatever state of sobriety or inebriation they were in, whether they were \slatternly\ or well-groomed, were not \asking for it.\
Resurrecting the Real You How much of our moods and attitudes are dependent on weather conditions (and other stuff)? For example, I visited Central Park in NYC a couple of weekends ago. There was barely a square inch left un-occupied on that sunny, spring afternoon. \The New York state of mind\ was mellow, light, and breezy -- not always an attitude associated with the typical New Yorker.
These Awful Headlines Show Sexism Gets Worse With Age 
Is He Gay? \What makes you think this guy might be gay?\ In the last five years, I have never heard a good answer. Then I will call on common sense
Ladies, Let 1970 Cosmo Tell You 'Things To Do With Your Hands That Men Like' \Frolic in his chest hairs.\
How Sex Is Changing in Cinema Like the slow shift of the female body in media, I hope to see more realistic sex when it is necessary and holds significance to the film. Too many movies incorporate sex and women's bodies without explaining the purpose of it.
What You Needed To Become A Secretary In 1959 
Women Are Fighting To Change Texas -- And They May Well Win 
15 Things That Happen When You Start To Grow Up It's no longer a two-drink minimum for you. It's a two-drink maximum, or else you'll be snoozing on top of the marble slab bar before midnight.
Sometimes You Wanna Go Where Everybody Knows Your Name I cannot begin to describe the way my heart overflows with love -- from strangers, friends, fellow bloggers, fans and laughter on a daily basis just by being intertwined with my tribe of writers.
How Disney Sabotaged Our Love Lives The widespread cultural belief in \soul mate ideology\ undermines our chances at happiness because it makes us passive receivers of idyllic romantic expectations.
Tough Girls Finish Last -- Find Out How to Finish First! I valued being independent but hated the thought that my options were to either let my relationship define me (from my grandmother's generation) or be so tough I only attracted a man who followed me around like a lost puppy (the wounded feminine from my mother's generation).
This Ad Is So Sexist It Seems To Have Forgotten What It's Selling 
Meet the 'No, Thanks' Generation We believe we can do everything ourselves because we have Google. Because if we desire human interaction, we have our online dating inbox. And when we don't, when we'd rather not make small talk with a guy at a bar, we just say no, thanks and binge on \House of Cards.\
Yale Law Women Releases 2014 Top Ten Family Friendly Firms List In comparing the results of the student and alumni surveys, both future as well as current lawyers see billable hour requirements as a major factor in a firm's level of family friendliness
IVF Loss or some reason, there are no tears. Just anger. White hot anger. And if anyone near you is pregnant or thinking of becoming pregnant or even just talking about children, you're not responsible for your actions.
Why I'm Afraid to Get Married Truth be told, it's not really about the couch or the house or the vase with the fake flowers in it; it's about emotionally combining. It's about figuring out how to rearrange my life to allow another human being to come in.
This Is The Fat Girl's Dilemma The true healing of an emotional eater takes years.  No one wants to hear that, but it's the truth.  And when I realized I could diet no more forever, I started to heal the things that really mattered. Like friendships.
The Moment You Need To Break Up With Your 'Texters' While we were \just friends,\ I'd seen names of girls flash on the screen and he'd turn his phone over the same way I would when one of my texting guys would pop up on my screen. I knew there were some girls out there still hoping... still flirting and texting.
Not All Women Get To Decide Between Opting Out And Leaning In In the ongoing Mommy Wars, the stay-at-home mother has been, at turns, revered and demonized. But there's a third reality that rarely enters the discussion
7 Ways to Cook up Chemistry Through Conversation While you can't force attraction, there are definitely some things you can do to cultivate it. Personality and conversation are dramatically underappreciated tools in the toolkit for finding a mate.
The Power of the Purse Women wield a big purse -- and it's getting bigger. Around the globe, women create, control and influence about a quarter of the world's wealth -- upwards of $20 trillion.
'It's Complicated' I will always remember the first time I shored up the courage to give the nosey person a steely look and replied, \It's complicated.\
Millennial Women Don't Lack Confidence -- They're Just (Justifiably) Cynical 
Why I Thought I'd Never Live To See 33 
