South Korean President Meets North Korea's Kim Jong Un To Talk Trump Summit The two met to pave the way for a summit between North Korean and the U.S.
North Korea Still Open To Talks After Trump Cancels Summit Trump\u2019s announcement came after repeated threats by North Korea to pull out of the summit over what it saw as confrontational remarks by U.S. officials.
2 Men Detonate Bomb Inside Indian Restaurant Near Toronto, Authorities Say Fifteen people were taken to the hospital, three of them with critical injuries.
Thousands Travel Home To Ireland To Vote On Abortion Access Just try to read these #HomeToVote tweets without crying.
Irish Voters Set To Liberalize Abortion Laws In Landslide, Exit Poll Signals Vote counting will begin Saturday.
Trump Suggests North Korea Summit Could Still Happen He had canceled the planned June 12 summit less than a day earlier.
North Korea Threatens Again To Call Off Trump Summit, Warns Of \u2018Nuclear Showdown\u2019 A top Pyongyang official lambasted \political dummy\ Mike Pence and cautioned the U.S. against making \ignorant\ remarks.
Investigation Finds Russian Missile Shot Down Flight MH17 It's not clear who was operating the missile that hit the plane over eastern Ukraine in 2014, killing 298 people.
North Korea Demolishes Tunnels At Nuclear Test Site, Reports Say North Korea has conducted all six of its nuclear tests at the Punggye-ri site.
How Kim Jong Un \u2018Baited\u2019 Trump Into Canceling The North Korea Summit Trump\u2019s slapdash attempt at negotiations has left the U.S. isolated from its Asian allies.
South Korea Responds To Trump's Sudden Cancellation Of Kim Jong Un Summit \We are attempting to make sense of what, precisely, President Trump means.\
Trump And The American Far Right Stoke Hate In Canada Hate crimes have increased, extremist groups are growing, and two mass killings shocked the country.
Far-Right And Anti-Establishment Parties Set To Form Italy's New Government Italy is on track to have one of the most radical and populist governments in all of Europe.
Survivor Of Rwandan Genocide To Be Country's First Female Neurosurgeon Dr. Claire Karekezi says the genocide is what made her understand that \we cannot count on anyone but ourselves.\
Australian Archbishop Convicted Of Covering Up Child Sex Abuse Archbishop Philip Wilson knew about the abuse of four boys dating back to the 1970s and did nothing.
Commander Says Iran\u2019s People Will Respond To Pompeo's Threats With A Punch In The Mouth A senior Iranian military commander poured scorn on U.S. threats to tighten sanctions.
Mark Zuckerberg Extends Facebook Apology Tour With European Gig He was warned he might be \the genius that created a digital monster that is destroying our democracies.\
Venezuela's Socialist Leader Nicolas Maduro Re-Elected Amid Allegations Of Irregularities The State Department has already announced that the U.S. will not recognize the election result.
Iran Says Europe's Support For Nuclear Deal Isn't Enough After America's Withdrawal \u201cWe have to preserve this agreement so we don\u2019t have to negotiate a new agreement,\u201d the EU's energy chief said.
Far-Right Mob Attacks 75-Year-Old Liberal Greek Mayor \It was organized fascists who attacked me as a person and as a mayor,\ Yannis Boutaris said.
Cuba Confirms 110 Killed In Country's Deadliest Plane Crash Since 1989 The three Cuban women who survived the crash were in critical condition, a hospital official said.
Ex-Russian Spy Sergei Skripal Discharged From UK Hospital After Poisoning Incident Britain has accused Russia of being behind the nerve agent attack, but Russia has denied any involvement.
Cuba Plane Crash Reportedly Kills Over 100 The plane went down shortly after takeoff from Havana's Jose Marti airport.
Trump Reassures North Korea, But Threatens 'Total Decimation' Without A Deal The president assured Kim Jong Un he can stay in power if he gives up his nuclear arsenal.
Italy Looks To Befriend Russia As Populist Parties Try To Form Government HuffPost Italia obtained a document that shows what Italy's next government could look like.
North Korea Threatens To 'Reconsider' Trump Summit, Cancels South Korea Talks Pyongyang condemned recent joint military exercises conducted by the United States and South Korea, calling the drills an \intentional provocation.\
Chemical Weapons Likely Used In Syria, Watchdog Finds The attack in February left 11 people in need of emergency treatment.
Hundreds In Israel And Beyond Protest Killings Of Palestinians On Gaza Border Israeli military forces killed some 60 Palestinian demonstrators on Monday.
Researchers Uncover Secret Pages In Diary Of Anne Frank The entry, concealed by pasted brown paper, mentions \dirty jokes,\ sex and puberty.
Populist Cleric Muqtada al-Sadr Likely To Win Iraq's Parliamentary Election Sadr has led two uprisings against U.S. forces in Iraq and is one of the few Shi\u2019ite leaders to distance himself from Iran.
Palestinian Family Says 8-Month-Old Died From Israeli Tear Gas In Gaza Protest Crackdown (GRAPHIC) Sixty people were killed during Monday's clashes, which took place during the opening of the U.S. embassy in Jerusalem.
Sichuan Airlines Co-Pilot Sucked Halfway Out Of Broken Windshield A cockpit windshield detached at 32,000 feet. \The next thing I know, my co-pilot had been sucked halfway out of the window.\u201d
Even The Bottom Of The World's Deepest Ocean Trench Is Not Safe From Plastic Bags A plastic bag was found at a depth of almost 36,000 feet in the Mariana Trench. Scientists say it's the world's deepest known piece of plastic trash.
U.S. To Open New Embassy In Jerusalem, But Other Nations Prefer To Wait For Peace Deal Major powers worry that the U.S. move could inflame Palestinian unrest in the occupied West Bank and on the Gaza Strip border.
Israeli Forces Kill Dozens Of Palestinians As Protests Intensify Over U.S. Embassy In Jerusalem In Gaza, Palestinian protests quickly turned into bloodshed.
At Least 11 Killed, Dozens Injured In Indonesia Church Bombings Suicide bombers attacked three churches in Surabaya, Indonesia's second-largest city, on Sunday morning.
Iran's President Says Country Could Remain In Nuclear Deal Without U.S. The U.S. withdrawal from the accord was a \u201cviolation of morals,\u201d Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said.
Stalking Cheetahs Give Oblivious Family A Scare When They Exit Car At Safari Park \These people were incredibly lucky,\ says a park spokesman.
Der Spiegel Cover Portrays Trump As A Finger Flipping Off Europe Time to join the resistance, German newsmagazine says, \against America.\
Italian Tribunal Lifts Ban On Silvio Berlusconi From Holding Public Office It could pave the way for the 81-year-old to run for prime minister in the next national election.
North Korea Plans To Dismantle Nuclear Test Sites By End Of May President Donald Trump plans to hold a summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un on June 12.
Knife Attack In Paris Leaves 1 Dead, Several Injured The Islamic State claimed responsibility.
Israel Reportedly Fires Dozens Of Rockets Into Syria The move comes after Israel accused Iranian forces in Syria of firing rockets into the Golan Heights.
Israel Launches Airstrikes In Syria After Iranian Attacks The airstrikes were in response to Iranian forces in Syria who shelled Israeli army outposts across the Syrian frontier.
Right-To-Die Advocate David Goodall Ends Life Listening To 'Ode To Joy' The Australian scientist and botanist died at an assisted-dying clinic in Switzerland.
3 Americans Held By North Korea Return To The United States \We thank God, and all our families and friends who prayed for us and for our return.\
Dozens Dead After Torrential Rains Cause Dam To Burst In Kenya The floodwaters swept away power lines, homes and buildings, including a primary school.
2 Months Later, Rio Cops Are Supposedly Closing In On Marielle Franco\u2019s Killers They say an investigation into the murder of the black, queer Rio city councilwoman is on the \right path.\ It may lead back to police.
Iranian Lawmakers Mock Trump's 'Mental Capacity,' Burn U.S. Flag After U.S. Pulls Out Of Nuke Deal Trump's decision to withdraw the U.S. from the Iran nuclear deal did not receive a positive reception from Iranian lawmakers.
Europeans Scramble To Save Iran Deal After Trump Withdraws \u201cThe deal is not dead. There\u2019s an American withdrawal from the deal but the deal is still there.\
North Korea Releases 3 American Political Prisoners In Advance Of Historic Summit Secretary of State Mike Pompeo departed North Korea with the three Americans.
Protest Leader Nikol Pashinian Elected Prime Minister Of Armenia Last week, a majority of lawmakers rejected his candidacy.
Kim Jong Un Secretly Met With Xi Jinping Again President Trump is set to meet with Kim sometime in the next few weeks.
Netanyahu's Bombastic Iran Claims Found A Perfect Audience In Trump Last month's \Iran lied\ presentation went over better than the \Bibi Bomb.\
Netanyahu's Chef Blasted For Serving Japan's Prime Minister Dessert In A Shoe The unconventional serving dish was criticized as offensive and in poor taste.
World Leaders Condemn Trump For Withdrawing From Iran Nuclear Deal France, the U.K. and Germany had attempted a last-ditch push to get Trump to change his mind in recent weeks.
Pakistani Interior Minister Ahsan Iqbal Shot By Gunman Linked To New Religious Party A motive for the attack has not been released.
Vladimir Putin Sworn In For Another Six Years As Russia's President More than 70 percent of voters backed him in an election in which he had no serious challengers.
Hezbollah Declares 'Victory' After Unofficial Results Project Major Electoral Win Unofficial results showed Hezbollah and its political allies won just over half the seats in Lebanon\u2019s parliamentary election.
North Korea Says U.S. Pressure Was Not The Reason For Its Denuclearization Promise The country has accused Washington of \misleading public opinion.\
A Generation Of Hungarians Is Leaving Viktor Orban's Far-Right Rule The country's young people and Jewish groups say low wages and a culture of hate is pushing people abroad.
Deaths In Pakistan Coal Mine Blast Climb To 23, Officials Say A methane gas build-up inside the mine is said to have caused the blast.
Lebanese Vote In The First Parliamentary Elections In 9 Years For many younger Lebanese, Sunday brought a first chance to vote in a national election after parliament twice extended a term that expired in 2013.
Russian Opposition Leader And Activists Detained Ahead Of Putin Inauguration Anti-Kremlin activists took to the streets across the country on Saturday.
UN Chief Warns Trump Not To Ditch Iran Nuclear Deal \We should not scrap it unless we have a good alternative.\
Half Of 'Caravan' Asylum Seekers In U.S., Sessions Puts Judges On Border Dozens more remain just outside the entrance to the port of entry in a makeshift camp, waiting to plead their case.
More Than 200 Demonstrators Arrested During May Day Rallies In Paris Hundreds of masked and hooded anarchists smashed shop windows, torched cars and hurled cobblestones at riot police on Tuesday.
Protests Across Armenia Fuel Calls For Ruling Elite To Step Down \u201cWe will continue our strike and disobedience,\ said opposition leader Nikol Pashinyan.
Cardinal George Pell, Vatican Treasurer, Will Stand Trial For Sexual Abuse He is the most senior member of the church to be accused of such crimes.
26-Story Building Demolished By Blaze In Sao Paulo, At Least 1 Dead The abandoned structure was occupied by around 150 squatters.
Asian-American Pastor's Arrest In China Comes Amid Crackdown On Unsanctioned House Churches Experts say John Cao\u2019s arrest and subsequent sentencing could be part of the ruling Communist Party\u2019s attempts to exert authority over independent Christian churches.
Benjamin Netanyahu's Big Speech On Iran Was Aimed Directly At Trump \It was pretty obvious that the speech had an audience of one,\ one expert said.
String Of Attacks In Afghanistan Leave Dozens Dead, Including 11 Children Eight journalists lost their lives covering the blasts after a suicide bomber attacked them.
Afghanistan Bombings Result in Country's Deadliest Day For Journalists Ten journalists were killed in a series of attacks on Monday.
Thousands Protest In Moscow To Demand Internet Freedom Demonstrators are calling on Russian authorities to unblock the popular Telegram instant messaging app.
A News Photographer Was Killed In Afghanistan. Here Are Some Of His Best Photos. Agence France Presse's Shah Marai was among nine journalists killed in a bombing as they covered an earlier explosion.
Benjamin Netanyahu Disparages Iran Nuclear Agreement \Iran's leaders repeatedly deny ever pursuing nuclear weapons,\ said Netanyahu. \Tonight I'm here to tell you one thing
Seoul Kim Jong Un has pledged to close the country\u2019s nuclear test site in May in full view of the outside world
British Interior Minister Amber Rudd Resigns Amid Immigration Scandal Rudd faced criticism for the government's treatment of some long-term Caribbean residents who were wrongly labeled illegal immigrants.
Thousands Protest Across Spain After 5 Men Are Cleared Of Gang Rape The group is known as the \wolf pack,\ named after a WhatsApp chat where they bragged about the assault.
Alfie Evans, Gravely Ill British Toddler At Center Of Legal Battle, Has Died \u201cMy gladiator lay down his shield and gained his wings.\
Palestinian Teen Dies After Being Shot By Israeli Forces In Gaza Protests Israeli forces have killed 42 Palestinians since Gaza residents began staging protests along the border fence on March 30.
These Photos From The North And South Korea Summit Show History In The Making Some hope for peace.
Israeli Forces Kill 3 Gaza Border Protesters, Wound 400 Israeli troops have killed 41 Palestinians and wounded more than 5,000 others since the protests began on March 30.
How The New Royal Baby Affects The Succession To The Throne The birth of Prince Louis shuffled some things around.
Korean Leaders Call For 'Complete Denuclearization' Of The Peninsula, End Of Korean War \The two leaders declare before our people of 80 million and the entire world there will be no more war on the Korean peninsula and a new age of peace has begun,\ the declaration said.
South Korea Has Planned Kim Jong Un's Visit To A Crazy Level Of Detail Even the furniture and carpet for the North Korean leader's historic visit this week have been carefully chosen.
What's For Dinner When Kim Jong Un Meets South Korean President Moon Jae-in Bibimbap made with greens from the DMZ, anyone?
Germans Don Kippas In Solidarity With Jewish Groups Alarmed By Anti-Semitism \u201cJewish identity is not something we should hide,\u201d said Rabbi Yehuda Teichtal.
Danish Inventor Sentenced To Life In Prison For Murder Of Journalist Kim Wall Peter Madsen plotted to either suffocate her or slit her throat.
Thousands Take To The Streets To Demand Resignation Of Nicaraguan President Monday\u2019s march, led by university students, was the largest seen in six days of protests.
UK Vlogger Teaches Nazi Salute To Dog. Judge Fines Him For Committing A Hate Crime. The judge also ripped the video's \menacing anti-Semitic and racist\ messages.
3 Mexican Students Killed, Dissolved In Acid Authorities say criminals confused the film students for members of a rival gang.
Mass Protests Lead Armenian Leader To Quit After Just A Week In Office The people of Armenia demanded the chance to choose their own leader.
Saudi Coalition Air Strikes Kill At Least 20 At Yemen Wedding The Western-backed alliance has been fighting in the war, which has killed more than 10,000 people,  for three years.
Toronto Van Attack Suspect's Facebook Post Praised Misogynist Mass Killer Alek Minassian's account vowed an \Incel Rebellion\ and hailed California killer Elliot Rodger.
Suu Kyi's Silence Aung San Suu Kyi once said
Mexican Presidential Candidate Calls For Cutting Off Thieves' Hands \u201cWe have to cut off the hands of those who rob. It\u2019s that simple.\
Paris Attacks Suspect Sentenced To 20 Years In Prison For Brussels Shootout With Police Abdeslam\u2019s co-defendant Sofien Ayari also received a 20-year term for attempted terrorist murder.
Pope Francis Buys Gelato For Rome's Poor And Homeless The special dessert was distributed in honor of the feast day of St. George, Francis' namesake.
10 Dead After Van Rams Into Crowd Of Pedestrians On Toronto Street The driver was taken into custody shortly after the incident.
Suicide Bomber Kills Dozens Outside Voter Registration Center In Kabul The blast came after repeated warnings that militants could try to disrupt the country's election process.
Last Known Person Born In The 19th Century Dies At Age 117 Nabi Tajima, born roughly 14 years before World War I began, was believed to be the world's oldest person.
At Least 5 Dead In Violent Clashes In Nicaragua Over Social Security Changes Thousands take to the streets as discontent with government crackdowns builds amid roiling protests.
North Korea Promised To Include Release Of U.S. Citizens In Meeting With Trump North Korean officials reportedly assured CIA Director Pompeo that three detainees would be linked to the talks.
India Approves Death Penalty For Child Rapists Amid Outrage Over Recent Cases In the emergency meeting called by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the cabinet passed an executive order to amend the criminal law.
Democrats Sue Russia And Trump Campaign, Alleging Conspiracy In 2016 Election The party alleged that top officials in Trump\u2019s campaign conspired with Russia to hurt Hillary Clinton .
Kangaroo Dies After Visitors At Chinese Zoo Hurl Rocks To Force Her To Jump A male kangaroo at the same zoo was injured after a brick chunk was thrown at him.
North Korea Suspends Nuclear And Missile Tests Pyongyang also said it plans to close down a former test site.
The Great Barrier Reef Has Been Forever Changed By Global Warming, Scientists Warn Rising temperatures in 2016 caused a catastrophic die-off of almost 30 percent of the iconic reef.
South Korea Working To Formally End The Korean War. Yes, That Korean War. For more than 60 years, an official peace treaty has remained elusive. Until now.
Germany Confronts Rising Anti-Semitism After Rap Duo With Holocaust Lyrics Wins Award The country has experienced an uptick in anti-Semitic incidents in recent months.
Miguel Diaz-Canel Elected President Of Cuba, Ending 60 Years Of Castro Rule The 57-year-old former vice president vowed to \give continuity to the Cuban revolution.\
German Theater Gives Free Hitler Play Tickets To People Wearing Swastikas Prosecutors declined to investigate, saying the giveaway is protected as artistic expression.
Prince Charles Voted Next Commonwealth Leader After Queen's Endorsement The selection of the Prince of Wales as the queen's successor was her \sincere wish.\
Saudi Arabia's Public Cinema Ban Lifts With A Showing Of 'Black Panther' The push for public theaters is part of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman's larger package of economic and social reforms.
South Korean Actress Who Was Kidnapped And Forced To Make North Korean Films Dies At 92 \u201cAll of a sudden a guy grabbed me by the arms. Before I knew it, I was onboard. All the blood drained from my head to my toes.\u201d
Raul Castro To Step Down As Cuba's President Vice President Miguel Diaz-Canel -- who is, significantly, not a Castro -- is expected to succeed him.
Here's The Truth About The Caravan Of Migrants Trump Keeps Going On About \u201cIf I could offer something to my kids in Honduras, don\u2019t you think I would be there?\u201d one migrant said.
The Quebec Mosque Shooting Shows A Double Standard For Far-Right Extremism Shooter Alexandre Bissonnette mainlined anti-Islam, anti-refugee media before killing six Muslim men in 2017.
Here's Why You've Never Heard Of The Titanic's Chinese Survivors A century ago, a racist press muddied their names when it didn't ignore them entirely.
FALSE ALARM The commander attributed the malfunction to \u201ca joint electronic attack\u201d by Israel and the U.S. targeting the Syrian radar system.
Trump Delays Imposing New Sanctions On Russia Nikki Haley had said that Washington was preparing new sanctions over Russia's support of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
Russian Reporter Maxim Borodin Dies After Mysterious Balcony Fall Friends say he'd been attacked in the past for his reporting.
U.S. Accuses Russia Of Blocking Inspectors From Site Of Suspected Syria Chemical Attack The U.S. also said Russians or Syrians may have tampered with evidence on the ground. Moscow denied the charge.
Syrian Air Defense Shoots Down Missiles Near Airbase A Pentagon spokesman said there was no U.S. military activity in that area at this time.
A Syrian Man Has Been Stranded In A Malaysian Airport Terminal For Weeks \u201cI\u2019m desperate for help. I can\u2019t live in this airport any longer, the uncertainty is driving me crazy,\ he said.
Tens Of Thousands In Hungary Protest Far-Right Leader Viktor Orb\u00e1n There is widespread concern that Hungary is drifting away from democracy.
Explosions Heard In Rural Area Near Aleppo The cause of the explosion was not immediately clear, said The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.
Father Seeking Justice For Teen\u2019s Alleged Rape At Hands Of Indian Lawmaker Dies In Custody The case has provoked nationwide outrage in India, where police have been accused of covering up the assault of a girl.
Abuse Survivors Demand Concrete Action After Pope Admits His 'Serious Errors' \u201cVictims of sexual abuse need help and support, not just a show of concern,\ advocates say.
Syrian Government Forces Have Reportedly Taken Control Of Douma As some 40,000 residents fled, Russian military police were deployed in the town.
6 Virunga Park Workers Killed Protecting Endangered Gorillas \It is unacceptable that Virunga\u2019s rangers continue to pay the highest price in defense of our common heritage.\
Soviet Nerve Agent Poisoned Ex-Russian Spy And Daughter, Watchdog Confirms An international chemical weapons group's analysis confirms British tests on the poison -- and further points to Russia as the culprit.
Striking Photos Show Israelis Standing Still For Holocaust Remembrance Day Traffic stopped for two minutes.
Muslim Australian Founder Of Youth Without Borders Is Denied Entry Into U.S. Yassmin Abdel-Magied, stopped on her way to a New York event, was scheduled to give a presentation titled \No Country for Young Muslim Women.\
4 Notorious Hurricane Names You'll Never Hear Again Good riddance!
Airlines Warned To Exercise Caution Ahead Of Possible Strikes In Syria Air traffic control agency Eurocontrol issued the warning in the eastern Mediterranean for the next 72 hours.
Myanmar Judge Refuses To Dismiss Case Against 2 Jailed Reuters Reporters \u201cWe are deeply disappointed with the court\u2019s decision,\ Reuters President and Editor-in-Chief Stephen J. Adler said.
Report TV footage showed crowds gathering around the smoking and flaming wreckage near Boufarik airport southwest of Algiers.
What You Need To Know About The Suspected Syrian Chemical Attack Trump ordered military strikes on Syria in response to the attack.
St. Mary's Hospital Gets Ready For Kate And William's Royal Baby No. 3 Bookies are taking bets on top names
Poisoned Daughter Of Russian Spy Released From Hospital \u201cThis is not the end of her treatment but marks a significant milestone.\u201d
112-Year-Old Japanese Man Is World's Oldest Living Male The record holder's granddaughter says he credits his longevity to sweets.
Videos Emerging Amid Gaza Protests Spark Concern Over Israel\u2019s Response Several images and videos appear to show Israeli soldiers shooting Palestinians who pose no immediate threat.
Trump Says He'll Meet With Kim Jong Un In May Or Early June North Korea has told the United States it is prepared to discuss the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula when Kim meets Trump, according to a U.S. official.
Pope Francis In a new apostolic exhortation, he called out those who consider the plight of migrants a \lesser issue.\
Israel Blamed For Striking Syria After Suspected Chemical Attack Several western countries including the U.S. denied any involvement.
2013 Syrian Gas Attack Survivor Kassem Eid, a Palestinian Syrian rebel, called on U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley to resign over Saturday's massacre.
School Bus Plunges Off Mountain Road In India, Killing At Least 27 The tragedy occurred when the bus swerved off the road and fell into a gorge.
Dozens Killed In Reported Chemical Attack On Syrian Rebel Enclave A chemical attack on a rebel-held town in eastern Ghouta was said to have killed at least 49.
German Police Foil Berlin Half-Marathon Knife Attacks The suspect had two knives which had been especially sharpened for this purpose, reported German newspaper Die Welt.
Far-Right Leader Viktor Orban Wins Hungary\u2019s Election, Early Results Show The vote also has huge implications beyond Hungary's borders.
Palestinian Journalist Killed In Israel-Gaza Protests Yasser Murtaja, a cameraman for Palestinian Ain Media, was the 29th Palestinian killed in the week-long protests.
Hungary's Strange And Vicious Election Brings Fears For The Future As Viktor Orb\u00e1n looks set for a third  consecutive term in power, there is widespread concern about hateful rhetoric and threats to rule of law.
Two U.S. Soldiers Killed In Kentucky Helicopter Crash \u201cThis is a day of sadness for Fort Campbell and the 101st Airborne,\u201d Brigadier General Todd Royar said.
2 Dead And 20 Injured After Van Drives Into Pedestrians Outside German Pub The driver is also dead after fatally shooting himself, police said.
Salman Khan, Bollywood\u2019s Superstar \u2018Bad Boy,\u2019 Sentenced To 5 Years In Prison For Poaching Khan, previously acquitted in a deadly hit-and-run crash, spent a night in a local jail on Thursday as he awaited his bail hearing.
Myanmar Groups Say Facebook Has 'Inherent Flaws,' Helped Spread Hate Speech \u201cThe risk of Facebook content sparking open violence is arguably nowhere higher right now than in Myanmar.\
Former South Korean President Park Geun-hye Sentenced To 24 Years For Bribery, Abuse Of Power The court also fined Park $16.9 million for her role in the corruption scandal that ended her presidency.
Sergei Skripal's Cat, Guinea Pigs Dead After Investigators Sealed House The guinea pigs apparently died of dehydration, and the cat was severely malnourished and distressed.
Former Brazilian President Lula Defies Prison Order, Creating Standoff Lula\u2019s downfall has been as stunning as the unprecedented corruption probes that have convulsed Brazil for the last four years.
Austria Wants To Ban Kindergarten Girls From Wearing Hijabs At School Austrian Muslims called the move \patronizing\ -- especially since most girls don't wear hijabs until puberty.
Marital Rape Is Not A Crime In India. But One High Court Judge Is Pushing For Change. \u201cMarital rape is not a husband\u2019s privilege, but rather a violent act and an injustice that must be criminalized,\ said a Gujarat High Court judge on Monday.
'Black Panther' To Premiere in Saudi Arabia After 35-Year Ban On Theaters AMC plans to open up to 40 theaters in Saudi Arabia over the next five years.
One Of The DEA's Most Wanted Drug Traffickers Pleads To Be Left In Peace Rafael Caro Quintero is on the run in a mountainous part of Mexico.
China Retaliates As U.S. Slaps Country With $50 Billion In Tariffs The list of U.S. items that will be affected includes soybeans, frozen beef and cotton.
Malaysia Outlaws So-Called 'Fake News' With Jail Of Up To Six Years Critics say the move is aimed at curbing dissent and free speech.
North Korea's Evil-Looking Hotel Has A Brighter Feature The long-abandoned skyscraper has stirred to life in recent days with a high-tech light panel.
Israel Reverses Course Hours After Signing U.N. Deal To Resettle African Migrants The deal aimed to relocate thousands of Eritreans and Sudanese to Europe and beyond.
British Muslims Were Vigilant And Defiant On 'Punish A Muslim' Day In the U.K. and U.S., people worked to turn a day of fear into a day of solidarity.
Fighter. Liberator. Ungovernable Woman. Mother Of A Nation. And A Wife Too. Winnie Madikizela-Mandela\u2019s legacy may resonate even more in South Africa now than that of her husband, Nelson Mandela.
Winnie Madikizela-Mandela, Anti-Apartheid Campaigner, Is Dead At 81 The South African activist spent decades standing up against racial segregation and discrimination.
China Increases Tariffs On 128 U.S. Products China is moving swiftly with retaliatory action amid escalating trade tension with the United States.
Kim Jong Un Watches South Korean K-Pop Performance In Pyongyang It was the first K-pop show in North Korea in more than a decade.
Pippa Middleton's Father-In-Law Investigated For Alleged Child Rape David Matthews was detained and questioned in France.
Trump Tells Advisers He Wants U.S. Out Of Syria Trump ordered the State Department to freeze more than $200 million in funds for recovery efforts in Syria.
Israeli Troops Wound 13 On Gaza Border, Day After Deadly Protest Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas declared Saturday a national day of mourning.
6.9 Magnitude Earthquake Strikes Near Papua New Guinea The country is still recovering from a pair of earlier earthquakes that killed at least 85 people.
Israeli Forces Kill At Least 16 Palestinian Protesters Along Gaza Border Gaza officials said at least 400 people were wounded by gunfire, while others were struck by rubber bullets or tear gas.
Malala Yousafzai Makes Emotional Return To Pakistan 6 Years After Assassination Attempt It's her first visit back to her home country since the Taliban targeted her for going to school in 2012.
Russia To Expel U.S. Diplomats, Shut Down Consulate In 'Reciprocal' Action The move is a response to the U.S.'s expulsion of 60 Russian diplomats.
Fire, Riot At Venezuelan Police Station Leaves 68 Dead Families hoping for news outside the police station were dispersed with tear gas.
With Kim Jong Un's Surprise Visit, China Sends A Clear Message Experts believe Beijing is reeling from \exclusion anxiety\ ahead of Pyongyang's denuclearization summits with Seoul and Washington.
China Warns U.S. Not To Open Pandora's Box, Unleash Trade Ills On World Trump\u2019s tariffs decision provoked a warning from Beijing that it could retaliate with duties of up to $3 billion of U.S. imports.
North And South Korea Set April Date For Historic Summit Leaders of the two countries will meet on April 27 for the first time in over a decade, South Korean officials announced on Thursday.
Thousands March In France Over The Murder Of An 85-Year-Old Holocaust Survivor President Macron says the attackers killed \innocent and vulnerable woman because she was Jewish, and in doing so profaned our sacred values and our history.\
Amal Clooney To Represent Reuters Reporters Held In Myanmar Lawyers for the two reporters on Wednesday asked the court to throw out the case, saying there was insufficient evidence to support charges against the pair.
Ecuador Cuts Off WikiLeaks Founder's Outside Communications Julian Assange has been stripped of his internet access for violating the terms of the asylum.
French Jewish Leaders 'Horrified' By Murder Of Holocaust Survivor Mireille Knoll, 85, was stabbed 11 times during an alleged anti-Semitic attack in Paris.
Kim Jong Un Met With Xi Jinping, China Confirms It is Kim's first trip abroad since he assumed power in 2011.
As Deadly Fire Raged At Russian Mall, Trapped Children Called Their Families To Say Goodbye More than 60 people -- including at least 41 children -- died in the Kemerovo blaze on Sunday.
Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu Taken To Hospital For Tests \u201cThe prime minister is suffering from a high fever and is coughing,\u201d said a spokesman for Netanyahu.
There Are Rumors That Kim Jong Un May Be In China It's all speculation at this point.
World Powers Band Together To Punish Russia For Ex-Spy's Poisoning Russia threatened to expel diplomats in retaliation.
The Rest Of The World Showed Up To March For Our Lives Protesters across the globe want U.S. lawmakers to know they're watching, too.
The Rest Of The World Showed Up To March For Our Lives Protesters from across the globe want U.S. lawmakers to know they're watching, too.
Former Catalan Leader Carles Puigdemont Detained In Germany He faces up to 25 years in prison for organizing an illegal referendum on secession last year.
1 Dead After Houthi Rebels Fire Missile At Saudi Arabian Airport Saudi news agency SPA reports that an Egyptian resident is dead as a result of seven missiles fired into the country from Yemen.
Dozens Killed After Fire Engulfs Busy Russian Shopping Mall The blaze was one of the deadliest in Russia since the break-up of the Soviet Union.
French Gendarme Who Swapped Places With Hostage During Siege Dies \He fell as a hero, giving up his life to halt the murderous outfit of a jihadist terrorist,\u201d said France's President Emmanuel Macron.
Thousands Protest Against Harsh New 'Stop Abortion' Bill In Poland The bill is the latest attempt by the nationalist government and Catholic church to ban most abortions.
Attacker Killed After Multi-City Rampage In Southern France The perpetrator killed at least three people in two towns in the terror attack, which culminated in an hours-long hostage standoff at a grocery store in Tr\u00e8bes.
A Long List Of Celebrities Just Joined The Fight To Bring Marielle Franco's Killer To Justice Prominent figures including Janelle Monae and Ava DuVernay want an independent investigation into the Brazilian city councilwoman's murder.
Picture This Imagine her face during \It Wasn't Me.\
Dozens Dead After Suicide Bomber Blows Himself Up Near Kabul Shrine The blast was the latest in a series to have hit Shi\u2019ite targets in  the Afghan capital.
France Targets Sexual Harassment With On-The-Spot Fines The proposed legislation will also raise the age of consent, and increase the statute of limitations for rape victims to report crimes.
Man Dies After Getting Head Stuck In Movie Theater Seat The footrest on the electrically-powered seat clamped down on the victim's head.
Trump Tweets Strange Warning Of 'Coming Arms Race,' Suggests Russia Can Help He also said Moscow can \help solve problems\ in Ukraine and Syria. \ud83e\udd14
Boko Haram Releases Over 100 Abducted Nigerian Schoolgirls The girls had been kidnapped by the militant group a month ago.
Syria Aid Worker 'Help is getting fainter' in besieged Syrian region.
The First Year Of The Iraq War, As Told Through Late Night TV Jokes The monologues show a lot has changed since the U.S. invaded Iraq.
Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy Reportedly In Police Custody, Official Says He's to be questioned as part of an investigation into suspected irregularities over his election campaign financing.
The Murder Of A Black Brazilian Politician Has Only Amplified Her Cause The death of Marielle Franco, a crusader against police violence and a fierce advocate for Brazil's poor, sparked protests in Rio, Washington and elsewhere.
Sudan, The World's Last Male Northern White Rhino, Has Died His daughter Najin and granddaughter Fatu are now the last two remaining northern white rhinos on Earth.
Saudi Crown Prince's Claims About Gender Equality Don't Add Up Mohammed bin Salman says he's undoing decades of  oppression, but women still lack equal rights.
Putin Wins Russia's Presidential Election In Landslide Victory The victory extends his rule over the world\u2019s largest country for another six years.
China Re-elects Xi Jinping Without Term Limits The legislature is packed with delegates loyal to the ruling Communist Party, meaning Xi\u2019s re-election was never in doubt.
Lawyers File To Prosecute Myanmar Civil Leader For Crimes Against Humanity Australian lawyers accuse Aung San Suu Kyi of inaction as Rohingya Muslims flee systemic violence in Myanmar.
At Least 16 Dead After Migrant Boat Capsizes Off Greek Coast Five children are reportedly among the dead.
Russia Expels 23 British Diplomats As Crisis Over Nerve Toxin Attack Deepens The move, which was tougher than expected, followed Britain\u2019s decision to expel 23 Russian diplomats over the Salisbury attack.
Turkish War Planes Strike Northern Syria As Assad Continues Bombing South Two different offensives in recent days have prompted an exodus of thousands of civilians.
The Real Drama In Russia\u2019s Election Comes After The Vote Putin has secured his reelection, and Russia's elites are ready to turn on one another.
Georgia Ski Lift Malfunction Hurls People Into Air, Injuring 11 The Caucasus resort's chairlift switched to reverse at high speeds as mangled carriers piled up at the terminal.
Scotland Yard Launches Murder Investigation Into Russian Exile's Death Police say there is no evidence linking the businessman's London death to the poisoning of a former Russian spy and his daughter.
Russia Vows To Expand 'Black List' Of Americans In Response To New Sanctions Moscow has also not ruled out extra measures in response to new sanctions for allegedly interfering in U.S. elections and cyber attacks, which Russia denies.
South Africa Hits Ex-President Zuma With Corruption Charges Jacob Zuma, who was forced to resign last month, was charged with corruption over a $2.5 billion state arms deal.
We Can Probably Blame Jay Leno For This Dumb Iraq War Myth There's no proof the official code name for the war was ever \OIL.\
Mexico\u2019s Sex Trafficking Laws Are Hurting The People They\u2019re Supposed To Protect The country's law has become a tool to prosecute rather than protect sex workers.
Why The 'Mike Pence Rule' Is Particularly Dangerous In Korea Avoiding one-on-one time with women in a country with a huge gender wage gap is not progress.
Vatican Admits It Altered Photo Of Letter From Pope Francis' Predecessor Weeks after Francis condemned the spread of fake news, the Vatican releases a digitally altered photo.
The Photos That Caused Americans To Ask \u2018What Are We Doing In Vietnam?\u2019 A combat photographer reflects on his gripping photos of the My Lai Massacre 50 years later.
U.S. Hits Russia With Sanctions For Election Meddling, Cyber Attacks \u201cThe administration is confronting and countering malign Russian cyber activity,\ Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin said.
Convoy Carrying Aid For Thousands Of Syrians Prepares To Enter Rebel-Held Area The convoy of 25 aid trucks is carrying around 340 tonnes of food.
Slovakia's Prime Minister Fico Quits Amid Crisis Over Murdered Journalist Political leaders are trying to ease escalating outrage over the killing.
U.S., European Countries Bash Russia As Spy Poisoning Spat Intensifies The move comes after Russia announced its intention to oust British diplomats.
U.S. Military Aircraft Crashes Over Iraq With Service Members Onboard Rescue teams are currently responding to the scene, the military said in a statement.
Putin Will Undoubtedly Win Re-Election. But He Has Plenty To Be Nervous About. Voter apathy is high and the opposition movement continues to gather steam.
A Crusader Against Police Violence Is Assassinated In Rio De Janeiro City councilwoman Marielle Franco was a symbol of hope for Rio's poorest residents.
UK Expels Russian Diplomats In Retaliation For Poisoning Of Ex-Spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter are  still in the hospital after being poisoned by a nerve agent earlier this month.
Angela Merkel Re-Elected As Chancellor For 4th Term \I accept the vote,\ she said.
Oskar Groening, \u2018Bookkeeper Of Auschwitz,' Dies At 96 Awaiting Prison The former SS guard was one of the last Nazi officers to stand trial for crimes related to the Holocaust.
Chinese Reporter Rolled Her Eyes On State Television, And Social Media Users Can't Deal People even recreated the moment on film.
What Is Novichok? Ex-Spy Poisoned With Rare Russia-Linked Nerve Agent The chemical weapon was developed in secret in the Soviet Union in the 1980s.
Trump Backs U.K. In Clash With Russia Over Ex-Spy Poisoning The two leaders agreed on the need for Russia to \face consequences.\
At Least 50 Dead After Plane Crashes While Landing At Kathmandu Airport In Nepal The aircraft hit an airport fence and burst into flames.
UK Police Investigating Letters Laying Out Points System For Attacking Muslims People across the country received letters saying they could earn points for various violent acts on \Punish A Muslim Day.\
U.S. Warns United Nations \u201cWhen the international community consistently fails to act, there are times when states are compelled to take their own action.\u201d
Jewish Advocates Slam Putin For Implicating Jews In U.S. Election Meddling \u201cIt is deeply disturbing to see the Russian president giving new life to classic anti-Semitic stereotypes.\
Turkish Heiress And 7 Friends Killed In Iran Plane Crash Mina Basaran, the daughter of a Turkish tycoon, had been celebrating her bachelorette party in Dubai.
Myanmar Steps Up Campaign Against Rohingya By Bulldozing Villages And the government is building military bases and new villages in their place.
Facebook's Fear Machine Hate-based news is spreading throughout the social networking site at an ever-increasing rate.
France's Far-Right National Front Unveils New Name With Pro-Nazi Past The proposed rebranding is meant to distance the party from its anti-Semitic history.
French Fashion Designer Hubert de Givenchy Dead At 91 The couturier was perhaps best known for dressing actress Audrey Hepburn in her film \Breakfast at Tiffany's.\
Russia Likely Responsible For Poisoning Spy, UK Officials Say If Russia does not respond, British PM Theresa May said the poisoning will be considered \an unlawful use of force\ against the United Kingdom.
Dublin Divided \People are fired up for this \u2015 they feel like it\u2019s their last shot.\
Trade War With U.S. Would Bring 'Disaster' To World Economy, China Warns The Trump administration continues to face global criticism over its proposed tariffs on steel and aluminum.
China's Parliament Votes To Abolish Presidential Term Limits Lawmakers overwhelmingly endorsed a controversial constitutional amendment that would allow President Xi Jinping to stay in office indefinitely.
Hundreds Of Customers Urged To Wash Clothes After Russian Spy Poisoning Officials said there was no immediate health risk to anyone.
North Korea Experts Stunned Yet Cautiously Optimistic About Trump-Kim Meeting \u201cMy head is literally spinning... I don\u2019t know what to make of it.\u201d
Australian Unions Call For Domestic Violence Leave With '3 Billboards' Stunt Unions call for change on International Women's Day
How Brazil's 'Lord Of Guns' Armed Rio's Drug War With U.S. Weapons Weak U.S. laws mean it\u2019s not just our guns being trafficked; it\u2019s our gun violence, too.
South Korea Vows Tougher Laws On Sexual Abuse Amid #MeToo Movement \u201cThe #MeToo movement is an event where boiling rage has finally erupted against gender-biased power relations and gender inequality, which have been a long, deep-rooted evil of our society.\
Wife Of Iranian-Canadian Activist Who Died In Jail Barred From Leaving Iran The activist's son said his mother was barred from getting on a plane with him to Vancouver.
Watch This Australian Man Go Swimming In A Huge Pit Of Beer Cans People are calling him \the Australian version of Scrooge McDuck.\
UK Deepens Investigation Into Possible Poisoning Of Former Russian Spy In England A counterterrorism unit has taken over the case. Sergei Skripal remains in critical condition.
'Acts Of Genocide' Suspected Against Rohingya In Myanmar Nearly 700,000 Rohingya have fled into Bangladesh since August.
State Of Emergency Declared As Buddhist Mobs Target Muslims In Sri Lanka President Maithripala Sirisena imposed a state of emergency for seven days, aiming to stop the violence from spreading to other parts of the country.
Former Russian Spy Poisoned By Nerve Agent, UK Investigators Say Sergei Skripal and his daughter are still in critical condition.
U.S. Holocaust Museum Revokes Human Rights Award Given To Aung San Suu Kyi The Nobel Peace Prize winner has been accused of turning a blind eye to the massacre of Rohingya Muslims.
Leaders Of British Far-Right Group Retweeted By Trump Found Guilty In Islamophobia Case Britain First has a history of inciting religious hatred.
Former Russian Spy Critically Ill After Exposure To \u2018Unknown Substance\u2019 In UK Sergei Skripal and his daughter are in critical condition at an English hospital.
How America Can Benefit From Australia's Compulsory Voting System Australia always has a massive voter turnout, which has been credited for its relatively moderate candidates.
North Korea Says It's Open To Talking Denuclearization With The U.S. The regime also announced plans to hold a summit with South Korea in April.
Indian Prime Minister Leads Nationalist Charge To Rewrite History Books The decision favors a right-wing retelling of history that asserts India's indigenous people were Hindu.
These Stunning GIFs Show St. Martin's Miraculous Recovery From Hurricanes Irma And Maria What a difference six months makes.
Is North Korea Really Ready To Negotiate Its Denuclearization? Don't hold your breath, experts warn.
First Aid Convoys Reach Besieged Syrian Region, But Lack Key Medical Supplies Government authorities \nare preventing surgical kits, insulin, dialysis equipment and other supplies from reaching the enclave of 400,000 people.
South Korean Envoys Meet Kim Jong Un In Pyongyang The visit is aimed at encouraging North Korea and the United States to talk.
Extinction Looms For Northern White Rhino As Last Male Nears Death Sudan, the world's last male northern white rhino, may not survive much longer, and there's talk of euthanasia.
This May Be The Last Photo Post About The Last Male Northern White Rhino The northern white rhino inches closer to extinction.
Italy's Election Is A Blow To European Unity And A Boost For The Far Right Anti-establishment and anti-immigrant parties made serious gains, throwing the country into political uncertainty.
Vatican Bank\u2019s Ex-Chief Indicted For Embezzlement And Money Laundering Vatican prosecutors have indicted Angelo Caloia and his lawyer over embezzlement losses of more than $60 million.
Italian Soccer Captain Davide Astori Dies At 31 The Fiorentina captain was found dead in his hotel room Sunday.
Far Right Surges As Italy Faces Hung Parliament Polls show voters spurned traditional parties and flocked to anti-establishment and far-right groups in record numbers.
Papua New Guinea Rattled By Strong Aftershocks The death toll climbed to 55 and is expected to rise further.
France's Far-Right National Front Is Getting A New Name To Hide Its Old Problems Marine Le Pen and the National Front are holding a \refoundation congress\ to mount a political comeback.
U.S. Allies Threaten Retaliation Over Trump's Tariffs Announcement The president, who announced the protectionist measures on Thursday, later tweeted that \trade wars are good, and easy to win.\
Report The ministry said 33 people were injured in the attacks, of which 60 were directed against mosques.
Syrians Fight For Survival Amid Assad's Poison Gas Warfare In Syria's Ghouta region, attacks continue even after a United Nations ceasefire.
As The U.S. Debates Gun Control, Australians Turn In Their Firearms Citizens handed in tens of thousands of guns, accessories and rounds of ammunition.
Canadian Outdoor Retailer Drops Products From U.S. Company That Makes Guns Mountain Equipment Co-op bowed to customers pressing the chain to distance itself from Vista Outdoors.
Chinese Censors Ban Winnie The Pooh, George Orwell And Letter 'N' To Silence Xi Critics They've been busy scrubbing the web as critics take aim at President Xi Jinping\u2019s expansion of power.
Putin Unveils New 'Invincible' Nuclear Weapons To Counter West Putin has often used militaristic rhetoric to mobilize support and buttress his narrative that Russia is under siege from the West.
As Italians Turn To Fortune Tellers, Priest Points To Growing Need For Exorcists The Vatican is training exorcists to cope with the demand.
Afghan President Ashraf Ghani Offers To Recognize Taliban As Legitimate Political Group The suggestion was part of a proposed political process that Ghani said could lead to talks aimed at ending more than 16 years of war.
Norway Ready To Ban Semi-Automatic Weapons Starting In 2021, Says Lawmaker The law would go into effect about a decade after the 2011 mass shooting on Utoya island. Norway hasn't had another mass shooting since then.
Syrian Forces Launch Ground Assault On Ghouta Despite Russian Truce The onslaught has been one of the fiercest of the civil war, now entering its eighth year.
Nobel Laureates Tell Myanmar's Civil Leader Aung San Suu Kyi, a Nobel Peace Prize winner, is accused of turning a blind eye to the massacre of Rohingya Muslims.
People Rally Around French Lawmaker Hit With Racist Death Threat \u201cWe\u2019re not going to let a fat black swine from Africa meddle in the lives of the French,\u201d the letter said.
North Korean Leaders Used Brazilian Passports To Apply For Western Visas, Sources Say Photos show Kim Jong Un and his father Kim Jong Il in fraudulently obtained passports.
The Real Reason Why Humanitarian Aid Isn't Reaching Eastern Ghouta The Assad regime and the rebels are using people\u2019s hunger to advance their own interests.
Australia's New Deputy Prime Minister Once Wrote A Shocking Anti-LGBTQ Rant Michael McCormack has since apologized for the hateful rhetoric.
China Sets Stage For Xi Jinping To Stay In Office Indefinitely \u201cIn theory he could serve longer than Mugabe but in reality, no one is sure exactly what will happen,\u201d one historian said.
Rome Gets Rare Snowfall, And It's An Ancient Winter Wonderland Ciao bello!!
Syrian Bombardment Of Rebel-Held Town Kills Family Of 9 Several people also suffered symptoms consistent with chlorine gas exposure, killing one child, after an explosion.
Christian Leaders Shutter Jerusalem Holy Site To Protest Israeli Tax, Land Policies The Church of the Holy Sepulchre, where Jesus is believed to have been crucified, is temporarily closed.
Over 100 Nigerian Schoolgirls Missing After New Boko Haram Attack The country's president called the incident a \national disaster.\
Colosseum In Rome Turns Red In Protest Of Pakistan's Blasphemy Law The ancient amphitheater was illuminated on Saturday to highlight the plight of persecuted Christians.
Bollywood Superstar Sridevi Dies At 54 Of Cardiac Arrest The actress, whose prolific film career spanned five decades, died on Saturday in Dubai.
China Sets Stage For Indefinite Xi Tenure By Removing Term Limits China\u2019s ruling Communist Party has proposed scrapping a two-term limit on the presidency.
Strong Earthquake In Papua New Guinea Damages Buildings And Sparks Landslides There were no reports of injuries or deaths.
North Korea Open To Talks With U.S., South Korea's Presidential Office Says Senior North Korean officials met with South Korean President Moon Jae-in at an undisclosed location in the Olympic city.
Protesters Mob North Korean Officials Ahead Of Olympics Closing Ceremony The North sent to the ceremony a former intelligence chief blamed for the sinking of a South Korean Navy ship.
Bombing In Syria's Ghouta Won't Let Up Long Enough For Rescuers To Count Bodies The U.N. Security Council approved a resolution demanding a 30-day truce to allow aid deliveries and medical evacuations.
Cow Who Escaped Slaughter And Swam To Island Dies After Recapture The cause of death appeared to be stress.
U.N. Security Council Delays Vote On Syria Ceasefire Resolution At least 462 people have been killed, including at least 99 children, and many hundreds injured.
Australia's Deputy Prime Minister Resigns Amid Mounting Scandals Barnaby Joyce says he will step down following weeks of pressure over an affair and claims of sexual harassment and corruption.
As The U.S. Looks To Australia For Hope On Guns, Its Laws Are Being Quietly Pulled Back Fears that Australian lawmakers are becoming \complacent\ and allowing gun lobbyists to water down laws.
U.S. To Move Its Embassy In Israel To Jerusalem In May The controversial relocation will come much faster than initially expected.
Trump To Announce New Sanctions Against North Korea As South Prepares For Talks Tougher sanctions may jeopardize the latest detente between the two Koreas, amid preparations for talks about a possible summit between Kim Jong Un and Moon Jae-in.
Amnesty International Slams Trump's 'Hate-Filled Rhetoric' The U.S. president is setting a \dangerous precedent\ for other nations, the group says in its annual human rights report.
Suspect Throws Explosive At U.S. Embassy In Montenegro The attacker then committed suicide.
UN Pleads For Truce In Syria To Prevent A 'Massacre' More than 300 people have been killed in the rural eastern Ghouta district on the outskirts of Damascus since Sunday night, and many hundreds have been wounded.
Syria's Child Death Toll Prompts Scathing 1-Sentence Statement From UN Agency \u201cNo words will do justice to the children killed, their mothers, their fathers and their loved ones,\ UNICEF said.
Syria's Ghouta Residents 'Wait To Die' As More Bombs Fall More than 300 have been killed since Sunday.
Brazil's Military Takeover Of Security In Rio De Janeiro Is A Looming Disaster Handing public security to the military is likely to worsen the plight of poor residents who are already subject to the worst of Rio's violence.
KFC Closes More Than Half Of Its UK Restaurants After Chicken Shortage As of Tuesday, 646 of the fast-food chain\u2019s restaurants remain closed -- and people aren't taking it well.
Why Is Russia\u2019s Paris Hilton Trying To Take Down Vladimir Putin? Ksenia Sobchak brings confusion and curiosity to the Kremlin\u2019s carefully managed election.
Dozens Killed In Damascus Suburb, Marking The Area's Highest Death Toll In Years Almost 200 have died since Sunday.
Richard Branson Wants To Build A High-Speed Hyperloop In India The proposed route between Mumbai and Pune could cut travel time from over three hours to 25 minutes.
Shocking Videos Reveal Humiliating Hazing Of Australian College Students The \sick cycle\ of freshman initiation including being forced to drink beer off an older student's genitals.
Pope Francis Renews Lapsed Clergy Sex Abuse Commission After an abuse scandal in Chile, the pope is facing one of the greatest image crises of his papacy.
Wreckage Of Iranian Plane That Crashed With 65 On Board Found, State Media Reports The Aseman Airlines flight from Tehran is believed to have gone down in a mountainous area near the town of Semirom.
Iceland's Proposed Ban On Male Circumcision Alarms Religious Leaders Backers of the proposed law say circumcision violates the rights of children. Religious leaders say it tramples their beliefs.
Polish Leader Faces Backlash After Suggesting Jews Shared Holocaust Blame Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki is now trying to make it clear he's not a Holocaust revisionist.
New Leader Of UK Far-Right Party Spouts Islamophobic Rhetoric Gerard Batten defended his belief that Islam \glorifies death.\
Man Accused Of Breaking Off Terra-Cotta Warrior\u2019s Thumb For Souvenir Call it a four-finger discount.
All 65 Passengers, Crew Feared Dead In Iranian Plane Crash The Aseman Airlines flight crashed near the town of Semirom, roughly 370 miles south of Tehran.
\u2018Devastating\u2019 Videos Show Jokhang Temple, \u2018Heart Of Tibetan Buddhism,\u2019 Consumed By Fire No major damages or injuries have been reported, but observers have expressed concern that China may be suppressing information about the blaze.
Church Shooting Leaves 5 Dead In Russian Region Of Dagestan The attack occurred in the village of Kizlyar in the Muslim-majority republic of Dagestan.
Powerful 7.2-Magnitude Earthquake Hits Mexico The earthquake struck Oaxaca, Mexico, on Friday evening.
13 Killed After Military Helicopter Crashes While Surveying Mexico Earthquake Damage Mexico\u2019s interior minister and the governor of Oaxaca survived the crash.
A Sex Scandal Is Threatening The Future Of Australia's Governing Coalition Barnaby Joyce's affair \appalled all of us,\ Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said.
If Chloe Kim Had Grown Up In South Korea, Would She Have Won The Gold Medal? The story of the snowboarding phenom's upbringing sounds quite familiar to us in South Korea.
Oxford Student Wins Prize For Photo Of Atom Taken With DSLR Camera A photo of the \small, pale blue dot\ won a science photography prize in the U.K.
Zuma Resigns The South African president's departure marks the end of a term beset by corruption and poor governance.
Cyril Ramaphosa, South Africa's Great Negotiator, Elected President Ramaphosa has fulfilled his long-held ambition to lead the country.
Russia Threatens YouTube, Instagram Over Videos Of Kremlin Official And Oligarch The billionaire, Oleg Deripaska has ties to the Kremlin and former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort.
France Returns Artwork To Descendants Of Jewish Couple Who Fled Nazis Herta and Henry Bromberg were forced to sell their art collection before World War II in order to find safety.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma Resigns The decision brings an end to his nine scandal-plagued years in power.
North Korea Has Yet To Broadcast Any Of The Winter Olympics On TV The country's media is tightly controlled, only offering snippets of what's going on in Pyeongchang.
Israeli Police Recommend Prime Minister Netanyahu Be Indicted On Corruption Charges He could face indictment after a monthslong investigation into two separate allegations of corruption.
Lions Kill And Eat Suspected Poacher The lions \just left his head and some remains.\
ANC Decides To Remove South African President Jacob Zuma From Power His scandal-plagued years in power darkened and divided Nelson Mandela\u2019s \u201cRainbow Nation.\u201d
Australia Marks 10 Years Since Apology To Indigenous Peoples But has much changed?
Reconstruction From War With ISIS Will Cost Iraq $88 Billion About 2.5 million Iraqis remain displaced by the fighting.
London Airport Shuts Down After World War Two Bomb Found In Thames River It weighs more than 1,000 lbs.
Winter Olympics Organizers Confirm Cyber Attack, But Refuse To Reveal Source A cyber attack disrupted Friday\u2019s opening ceremony, but \all issues were resolved and recovered\ by Saturday, Games organizers said.
NBC Apologizes For Commentator's Japan Remarks At Olympic Opening Ceremony Joshua Cooper Ramo sparked anger with a comment about Japan serving as an example to South Korea.
Airliner Crashes In Russia, Killing All 71 People On Board The Saratov Airlines airplane went missing from radars soon after taking off from Moscow's Domodedovo airport on Sunday.
Kim Jong Un Invites South Korean President Moon Jae-in To Pyongyang Kim's sister, Kim Yo Jong, delivered the invitation during her visit to the Winter Olympics.
Israel Launches Heavy Air Strikes On Syria After Fighter Jet Crashes The Syrian army says it shot down the F-16 jet that crashed in northern Israel.
Hong Kong Bus Crash Leaves At Least 18 Dead Dozens more were injured, with some bleeding on the highway.
Everything You Never Knew You Needed To Know About South Korea's Finger Heart Trend The Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang are just getting started.
Syrian Regime's Airstrikes Kill Scores Of Besieged Civilians In Eastern Ghouta More than a dozen children are among the dead.
Australian Artists Powerfully Call Attention To Child Abuse In Offshore Detention Camp \u201cThere were all these stories that people needed to read but weren\u2019t engaging with.\
2 Koreas Make History Marching Under Unified Flag In Olympics Opener The nations, split by war, are using the Winter Games as an opportunity to seek a rapprochement.
Australia To Deliver National Apology To Child Sex Abuse Survivors The prime minister wants to offer \the dignity to which they were entitled as children but which was denied to them by the very people tasked with their care.\
U.S.-Led Airstrikes Target Pro-Syrian Forces After 'Unprovoked Attack,' Kill More Than 100 Fighters No American troops were killed or wounded in the incident, officials said.
Here's An Exclusive Look At The North Korean Cheer Squad's Olympic Debut Let the games begin.
Mapped With the monsoon season fast approaching, aid officials are stepping up warnings that the window of opportunity to prepare is rapidly closing.
North Korea Holds Massive Military Parade Ahead Of 2018 Winter Olympics The regime also sent hundreds of its citizens to Pyeongchang this week.
Syrian Kurdish Fighters Capture 2 Members Of ISIS 'Beatles' Cell The terrorist gang is known for beheading Western hostages on camera.
The U.S. Military\u2019s Drug Of Choice Drug wars, missing money, and a phantom $500 million Pentagon watchdog calls out two commands for financial alfeasance
Yemen PR Wars The Sana\u2019a Center\u2019s al-Muslimi said the plan was obviously an attempt to garner good press, and one that didn\u2019t \u201ccome out of the ether.\u201d
Prison Or Deportation Starting the first of April, the government says it will give the asylum seekers the choice between prison and \u201cvoluntary\u201d deportation.
Danish Government Proposes Ban On Full-Face Veils Denmark's justice minister claimed veils like the niqab are \disrespectful.\
Disabled Prisoners Raped, Abused, Kept In Solitary In Australia, Report Says One man was kept in solitary confinement for 19 years, Human Rights Watch says.
Kim Jong Un To Send Sister To Winter Olympics As Part Of North Korean Delegation It's unclear whether her appearance is intended as a propaganda tool or an opening for dialogue.
VIDEO Syrian government forces, backed by the Russian Air Force, have been intensifying their airstrikes on the country's rebel-held areas.
Hundreds Of Child Soldiers Released In South Sudan More than 19,000 kids have been lured into combat since the civil war erupted.
America Wins Its Third Roller Derby World Cup In A Row The U.S. team rolled over the competition.
New Zealand Leader Is Considering An Offer To Bury Her Child's Placenta \The fact that the suggestion was made and that there were elders alongside me who really acknowledged that \u2015 it felt like a significant gesture.\
Poland's President Says He Will Sign Controversial Holocaust Bill Into Law It hands down prison sentences to people who connect the country to Nazi Germany.
UN Calls Situation In Syria 'Extreme,' Demands An End To Hostilities \u201cThe United Nations humanitarian team in Syria warns of the dire consequences of the compounded humanitarian crisis in several parts of the country.\
Conservationist Known For Exposing Ivory & Rhino Trade Stabbed To Death Esmond Bradley Martin's instrumental research has helped the international community crack down on poaching.
Australian Asylum Seekers Told To Choose Life In Jail Or Risk Death In Home Countries \It\u2019s essentially putting people who need protection into limbo or detention forever.\
Mercedes-Benz Apologizes To China For Quoting Dalai Lama In Instagram Post The Chinese government considers the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader to be a dangerous separatist.
At Least 5 Killed After Magnitude 6.4 Earthquake Strikes Taiwan The quake struck about 14 miles northeast of the city of Hualien shortly before midnight.
North Korea To Send Top Official To South Korea For Olympics The \unprecedented\ trip by North Korea's ceremonial leader suggests the possibility of high-level talks.
Father Of Otto Warmbier Will Attend Winter Olympics In South Korea He will travel to Pyeongchang as a guest of Vice President Mike Pence.
Maldives President Declares State Of Emergency, Has Predecessor Arrested The opposition called the moves a \purge.\
Canada Grapples With Its Own Deluge Of #MeToo Allegations Parliament is fast-tracking a new workplace harassment bill after a number of political leaders were forced to resign over alleged misconduct in recent weeks.
Smoking Driver Hits Crowd In Shanghai After Accidentally Igniting Van The incident is believed to be an accident, according to local media reports.
Fidel Castro Diaz-Balart, Fidel Castro\u2019s Son, Dead At 68 \u201cFidelito\u201d was previously the head of Cuba\u2019s national nuclear program, and spearheaded the development of a nuclear plant on the Caribbean\u2019s largest island.
Ferry Workers Rescue Wallaby Swimming In Sydney Harbour The animal was lassoed and brought aboard after passengers saw it struggling far offshore.
90 Feared Dead After Migrant Boat Carrying Mostly Pakistanis Capsizes Off Libya Libya is the main gateway for migrants trying to cross to Europe by sea.
Man Who Drove Van Into London Mosque Worshippers Jailed For 43 Years Darren Osborne was found guilty of murder after the jury took less than an hour to reach their verdict.
Polish Lawmakers Approve Controversial Holocaust Bill Despite International Criticism The bill seeks to punish those who suggest that Poland was complicit in the Holocaust.
Rihanna Asked Australia For Global Education Money, And Got It \We love a Queen who brings about swift action.\
Truck Driver Blamed For Damaging Ancient Nazca Lines UNESCO estimates Peru's famous geoglyphs are around 2,000 years old.
What's Driving The Recent Carnage In Kabul The Afghan capital has endured three brutal terrorist attacks.
German Carmakers Paid For Studies That Tested Toxic Fumes On Humans And Monkeys BMW, Daimler and Volkswagen have distanced themselves from the studies or apologized.
Australia's Spy Agency Moves To Secure Cabinets Filled With Cabinet Secrets The hundreds of government documents that ended up at a resale store haven\u2019t been confiscated from the media. They're just going into different containers.
U.S. Warns Syria May Be Developing New Types Of Chemical Weapons The Trump administration is prepared to again take military action against Syrian government forces if necessary to deter the use of chemical weapons.
Cape Town Slashes Daily Water Allowance But Pushes Back 'Day Zero' Officials said the South African city now has until April 16 when its water taps will run dry.
Mass Graves Suggest Systematic Killing Of Rohingya In Myanmar The country's government denies it's engaged in ethnic cleansing.
Secret Australian Government Documents Found In Cabinets From Secondhand Store The furniture contained thousands of secret pages.
Uber, Deliveroo Food Couriers Want Better Pay, Working Conditions \Poverty is not an innovation,\ an Australian union official says.
Police Question Prominent Scholar Tariq Ramadan Following Rape Allegations Two women have accused the Oxford professor of rape and assault.
Breathtaking Photos Show The 'Super Blue Blood Moon' Around The World This is what happens when there's a \supermoon,\ a \blue moon\ and a total lunar eclipse all at once.
Ireland Takes Major Step Forward In Path To Legal Abortion Voters will decide whether to revoke Ireland's strict ban in May.
Putin The document names dozens of Russians with close ties to the Kremlin.
Iranian Women To U.S. \u201cWe are fighting for freedom to choose to wear or not wear hijab. Our fight is against compulsion. Our fight is for freedom of choice.\u201d
Fitness App Strava Published 'Heat Map' Details About Secret Military Bases It was a fluke find, but it's sparked fears among some security experts.
100,000 Rohingya Refugees In Grave Danger From Monsoon Rains, UN Says Aid workers say the camps sheltering the new arrivals are completely inadequate.
Australia Plans To Become Top 10 Defence Exporter In A Decade The government says Australia currently only sells about $1.5bn to $2.5bn in defence exports a year.
Trump Says He Would Negotiate Brexit With 'Tougher' Attitude Than Theresa May \u201cI would have said the European Union is not cracked up to what it\u2019s supposed to be. I would have taken a tougher stand in getting out.\u201d
Ikea Founder Ingvar Kamprad Dies At 91 The Swedish billionaire started the furniture company when he was just 17.
One Year Since Trump's First Travel Ban, Many Refugees Left With Only Hellish Options They're thinking about risking their lives to reach Europe in a rubber dinghy. Or worse.
Nearly 100 Dead After Bomb Hidden In Ambulance Explodes In Kabul The casualty toll is the worst since 150 people were killed in a truck bomb explosion last May.
Inside The Criminal Network Ravaging Cambodia\u2019s Forests \u2015 And The Community Fighting To Save Them \It\u2019s a bit of a David and Goliath story.\
Senior UN Officials Under Investigation For Alleged Sexual Harassment One of the men has reportedly been suspended, while the other remains in his post.
Fire At South Korean Hospital Claims Dozens Of Lives Many patients \u201cwalked though fire and smoke\u201d to escape the blaze.
French Shoppers Go Full Black Friday Over Flash Nutella Sale Violence broke out at supermarkets that chopped the price.
Hong Kong, Sydney Have The World\u2019s Most Unaffordable Housing A new survey finds a median home in Hong Kong costs 19 times the median income.
Chinese Scientists Successfully Clone 2 Monkeys, Could Lead To Human Applications \The technical barrier is now broken,\ a member of the team that cloned the primates said.
Australia\u2019s National Security Overhaul Worries Press Freedom Advocates Under the proposed laws, possessing classified information could be seen as espionage.
Epic Bollywood Movie That Sparked Protests, Court Battles And Burnings Opens In India The debut of \u201cPadmaavat\u201d set off a new round of discord.
Cape Town Braces For Water Emergency That Could Affect Nearly 4 Million People The South African city plans to shut off its water on April 12, unless dam water levels go up.
\u2018Doomsday Clock\u2019 Swings To 2-Minute Countdown Due To Nuclear Threat Tick, tick, tick...
Trump Threatens To Pull Aid To Palestinians If They Don't Pursue Peace Trump said Palestinians snubbed the United States by not meeting Vice President Mike Pence during a recent visit.
Activists Film \u2018Extreme Market\u2019 In Indonesia To Denounce Dog Meat Trade \u201cIt was like walking through hell,\ an animal advocate said.
Australia\u2019s Violent Past Confronts Its National Holiday Australia Day, which is celebrated on Jan. 26, is a controversial date, particularly for many indigenous people who view it as a marker for colonialism.
Leading German Far-Right Figure Ditches Party, Converts To Islam The nationalist Alternative for Germany party warns against \Islamization.\
Israel Tried Really Hard To Assassinate Yasser Arafat, Considered Downing Passenger Plane Some of the plots to kill the Palestinian Liberation Organization leader sound like action-movie scenes.
Militants Launch Deadly Attack On Save The Children Office In Jalalabad, Afghanistan Although ISIS claimed responsibility for the attack, it did not provide immediate evidence for the claim.
Brazilian Court Upholds Lula's Corruption Conviction The decision is a major blow to the plans of the former president to run again this year.
Prestigious Men-Only Charity In London To Close Amid Sexual Harassment Claims Two female journalists went undercover as waitresses at the event and reported rampant groping and sexual harassment.
Even Before Trump Arrives, He's The Elephant In The Room At Davos Leaders at the World Economic Forum are taking not-so-subtle swipes at the U.S. president.
U.S. Diplomat Announces Resignation From Rohingya Crisis Panel In Scathing Statement Bill Richardson said the board \is likely to become a cheerleading squad for government policy.\
There Were More Than 25,000 Homicides In Mexico Last Year, Government Says The murder rate was the highest in at least 20 years.
Up To 58 Australian Refugees To Fly To U.S. As Part Of Resettlement Deal It's the second group of refugees arriving under what Trump called a \u201cdumb deal.\
Avalanche Engulfs Skiers At Japanese Resort, Killing 1 The avalanche was sparked by an erupting volcano.
Mayors Of The World's Major Cities Speak Out About Air Pollution The urgent risk kills thousands of people around the globe each year and covers urban landscapes in smog.
Cities Must Get Creative In The Fight Against Air Pollution Air pollution may be a global problem, but it\u2019s one where local action makes a big difference.\u00a0 Across the nation, cities
The Time For Air Pollution Action In Cape Town Is Now The effects of climate change and specifically air pollution are very real and are being harshly felt across the world. Cape
Some Of Our Decisions Will Not Be Popular. But, Our Goal Is To Improve Rome Air Quality. Improving air quality in a big city like Rome is a goal that will pose a challenge to the habits of every resident of one
Climate Change The fight against climate change is no longer a matter of grand strategies, a matter of the agendas of large and seemingly
Johannesburg Can't Compromise On Air Pollution In South Africa, air pollution is more severe in urban areas, and the city of Johannesburg is no exception. The majority
Green Streets Are Healthy Streets Around the world, air pollution is a major public health issue, responsible for the premature deaths of millions of people
Suspect Arrested In Killing Of 7-Year-Old Zainab Ansari The child's rape and murder sparked protests across Pakistan.
Female Journalists Were Blocked Behind Male Colleagues While Covering Pence's Israel Trip A reporter from Finland was also reportedly strip searched and told to remove her bra during a security check.
Montr\u00e9al Is Breathing Better, But Challenges Remain Air quality has always been one of Montr\u00e9al\u2019s preoccupations. Already by 1872, when coal combustion was at its peak and black
Where You Live Determines The Cleanliness Of The Air You Breathe In New York City, we are fighting the climate crisis as though our lives depend on it, and we are fighting inequality with
'The Most Popular Politician On Earth' Is Fighting To Save His Legacy -- And His Future Luiz In\u00e1cio da Silva, the former Brazilian president seeking that office again, is appealing corruption charges his lawyer says are political persecution.
Pope Francis Offers Partial Apology To Clergy Sex Abuse Victims After Demand For 'Proof' But the pope didn't waver in his support for a controversial Chilean bishop accused of covering up abuse.
The Philippines' Most Active Volcano Is On The Verge Of Eruption It's been spewing ash, lava, and pyroclastic material for more than a week.
Rescuers In Rebel-Held Syrian Area Accuse Government Of Gas Attack More than a dozen civilians were injured in Douma, where almost 400,000 people are under siege.
Oxfam The charity calls out President Donald Trump for making wealth inequality worse.
New Zealand Just Became The 11th Country To Send A Rocket Into Orbit The Electron rocket, carrying three commercial satellites, was launched from Mahia Peninsula on Sunday.
Gunmen Attack Kabul's Intercontinental Hotel The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack.
Rohingya Refugees In Bangladesh Fear Return To Myanmar \They will slaughter us all,\ one said.
Vladimir Putin Strips For Ice-Cold Dip During Religious Ceremony The Russian president was taking part in Epiphany celebrations.
Rabbis Pledge To Protect African Asylum-Seekers Facing Deportation From Israel \The government will have to come through us\u201d to deport the migrants, Rabbi Susan Silverman said.
One Year In, Trump\u2019s Style Is A Stress Test On Global Alliances Trump has left U.S. allies nervous as America\u2019s global competitors gain serious ground.
Ax-Wielding Teen Injures At Least 6 In Attack On Russian School, Authorities Say The suspect then set the room ablaze, Russia's Investigative Committee said.
Car Crashes Into Crowd On Copacabana Sidewalk, Killing Baby And Injuring 15 There was no indication that the incident was deliberate.
New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern Announces Pregnancy \I\u2019ll be Prime Minister AND a mum,\ she wrote.
Pope Francis Performs Impromptu Wedding Ceremony Aboard Papal Plane It's a match made in heaven for two Chilean flight attendants.
52 Killed In Kazakhstan After Bus Catches Fire Only five passengers managed to escape the burning vehicle.
U.K. Appoints A Minister For Loneliness Amid Rising Health Concerns In announcing the appointment of Tracey Crouch, British Prime Minister Theresa May called loneliness \u201cthe sad reality of modern life\u201d for \u201cfar too many people.\u201d
India Test-Fires Nuclear-Capable ICBM The new missile has a range of more than 3,000 miles.
Australian Politician Accused Of Floating Electric Shocks For Tired Drivers One group called Melinda Pavey's comment \u201cheartless\u201d in the wake of several road deaths.
Young Australians Want Pill Testing At Music Fests And Would Heed The Results Even though a survey indicated 90 percent would use the service, the testing hasn't been allowed.
The United Nations Has Its Own Sexual Harassment Problem, New Report Says A new story sheds light on the systematic issues it says allow sexual harassment and abuse to go largely unchecked.
This Aussie Dad Hired A Helicopter To Save His Son After A Car Crash \I just thought, bugger this, I'm not going to sit around and wait.\
Dozens Of Human Skulls Discovered In Shallow Graves In Mexico It was the latest grisly find in a region that has suffered from increasing violence between warring drug cartels.
North And South Korea To Form Unified Ice Hockey Team, March Together In Winter Olympics The two Koreas will march together under a unified peninsula flag at the opening ceremony.
British Lawmaker Refuses To Lose Sleep Over (And During) A Debate \It is embarrassing and annoying,\ said Sir Desmond Swayne.
Myanmar And Bangladesh Establish 2-Year Timeframe For Rohingya Repatriation The two nations struck a deal on Tuesday to complete the return of 650,000 Rohingya Muslims who fled an army crackdown last year in Myanmar.
A Wallaby Hopped Across Sydney Harbour Bridge Through Traffic The most Australian thing ever?
Bill Richardson To Seek Release Of Reuters Reporters Jailed In Myanmar For Covering Rohingya Crisis \u201cMy objective, along with the chairman of the commission, is to get them out while we are there in Myanmar.\
Danish Inventor Peter Madsen Charged With Murdering Reporter On His Submarine He either cut journalist Kim Wall's throat or strangled her, a Danish prosecutor said.
Japanese News Outlet Mistakenly Sends North Korean Missile Alert It's the second major North Korea false alarm in the last week.
Pope Pleads For Forgiveness In Chile For Clergy Sex Abuse Scandal Francis' trip to Chile has already been marred by protests against how the church has handled child abuse allegations.
U.S. To Withhold $65 Million In Aid For Palestinians The U.S. will provide $60 million, but is withholding the rest \for future consideration.\
Stricken Tanker Leaks 8-Mile Long Oil Slick In East China Sea A clean-up effort has begun and rescue teams have called a halt to the large-scale search for survivors.
Floor Collapses At Indonesia Stock Exchange At least 77 people were injured.
Twin Suicide Bombing In Central Baghdad Kills At Least 27 Dozens more were injured in the blast.
Pope Francis Warns About Danger Of Nuclear War \I am really afraid of this. One accident is enough to precipitate things,\ said Pope Francis.
An 'African Gang Crisis' In Melbourne Is Roiling Australian Politics Federal politicians express outrage, but state government and police say the crime fears have been overblown.
Canadian Police Say Attack On Child Wearing Hijab Did Not Happen Police had been investigating the incident as a hate crime.
Protesters Try To Arrest London's Mayor For Disrespecting Donald Trump More \stable geniuses,\ quips Mayor Sadiq Khan.
Major Earthquake Strikes Southern Peru At least one death and dozens of injuries have been confirmed.
Peace And Reconciliation On The Korean Peninsula \u201cLet us be those creative dissenters who will call our beloved nation to a higher destiny. To a new plateau of compassion
In Terrifying Close Call, Plane Skids Off Turkish Runway And Nearly Plunges Into Black Sea None of the 168 people on board the Pegasus Airlines flight was injured in the accident.
Japan Rejects South Korean Call For New Steps To Help 'Comfort Women' TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Friday rejected South Korea\u2019s call for more steps to help \u201ccomfort
NewsGuild Launches Campaign In Support Of Jailed Reuters Employees \Silencing the press is an abhorrent and an intolerable act of cowardice.\
Africa Calls Trump Racist After 'Shithole' Remark \u201cWe would not deign to make comments as derogatory as that about any country that has any kind of socio-economic or other difficulties.\
U.S. Embassy In London, Stiffed By Real Trump, Gets Visit From Stiff Trump Well played, Madame Tussauds.
11-Year-Old Canadian Girl Says Attacker Cut Her Hijab With Scissors \u201cI felt confused, scared, terrified,\u201d Khawlah Noman said.
Turkey's Top Court Rules Two Jailed Journalists Be Released Mehmet Altan and Sahin Alpay have been in prison for more than a year.
Protests Erupt In Pakistan After 7-Year-Old Girl Raped And Murdered Zainab Ansari's body was found in a dumpster in Kasur on Tuesday.
$5.4 Million In Jewels Recovered From Paris Hotel Heist French police recovered the merchandise stolen in an armed robbery on Wednesday.
Paris Thieves Steal More Than $5 Million In Jewels From Ritz Hotel Robbers armed with hatchets smashed hotel windows before making off with the jewelry.
Australia Launches Anti-Bullying Campaign After Former Child Model Commits Suicide Dolly Everett's parents asked the bullies to come to her memorial, to \witness the complete devastation you have created.\
Australia Swelters Through Third Warmest Year On Record Seven of the country's 10 warmest years have occurred since 2005.
Netanyahu's Son Under Fire Over Salacious Strip Club Audio Recording \u201cBro, you have to be nice to me. Bro, my dad got your dad a sweet deal.\
$70 Million Reward Offered In New 'No Find, No Fee' Search For Missing MH370 Aircraft A U.S.-based tech company will lead the renewed hunt for the jetliner that vanished in 2014.
Kayaker Faces Life Ban After Spiking Rival's Drink Before Drug Test Yasuhiro Suzuki, who was pursuing a 2020 Olympics bid for Japan, confessed after his rival was punished.
Canada Convinced Trump Will Pull Out Of NAFTA Deal Canadian and Mexican currencies fell after government sources told Reuters about fears Trump will make the move in the coming weeks.
Reuters Journalists Charged In Myanmar After Reporting On Rohingya Crisis The men face up to 14 years in jail if found guilty of violating the nation's Official Secrets Act.
These Holocaust Survivors Have An Important Message For The World \Speak up and put down signs of racism, acts of hatred.\u201d
Photos Of Empty Grocery Shelves Show Dire Situation In Venezuela Slashed prices caused a run on supermarkets.
It's So Hot In Australia, Hundreds Of Bats Just Dropped Dead \u201cWith our ever rising hot summers... this episode will surely not be the last.\
The World's Silence On The Rohingya Genocide Is Shameful\u2014And Unsurprising Before, we failed Syria\u2019s minorities; now, we're failing Myanmar's.
North And South Korea Begin First Formal Talks In More Than 2 Years The upcoming Winter Olympics helped break the ice
Hungary's Leader Says Refugees Should Be Called 'Muslim Invaders' With elections just over the horizon, Viktor Orban is ramping up his attacks on migration.
More Than 60 Migrants Reported Dead After Boat Sinks In Mediterranean Eight members of one family drowned.
Deputy Head Of Norway's Labor Party Resigns Amid Sexual Harassment Allegations Ripples of the #MeToo movement are being felt in Scandinavia.
Thai Leader Leaves Reporters With Cardboard Cutout Of Himself, Tells Them To 'Ask This Guy' Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha said \any questions on politics or conflict\ should be directed to his cardboard image.
North, South Korea Agree To Resolve Issues Through Dialogue It's the first time the two countries held talks since 2015.
Kosher Store Near Paris Is Hit By Suspected Arson On Anniversary Of Anti-Semitic Attack The fire occurred three years after a deadly assault on another kosher market.
These Are The Athletes North Korea Is Sending To The Winter Olympics All eyes will be on the two young North Korean figure skaters.
North Korea Says It Will Send A Delegation To The Winter Olympics In South Korea The move is a striking change following months of tension on the Korean peninsula.
Moments After Midnight, Same Sex Couples Marry In Australia Tuesday marked the first day that gay couples could wed without a waiver.
19th-Century German Church Is Demolished To Make Way For Coal Mining St. Lambertus Cathedral sits on land that is rich with brown coal.
Iranian President Rouhani Jabs Hardliners In Remarks About Protests \u201cPeople had economic, political and social demands,\u201d said Rouhani.
These 8 Asian American Movement Stories From The Past Year Show Us The Way Forward On several fronts, Asian American activists imposed themselves upon 2017. Here's how to continue their efforts.
At Least 18 Killed In Large Explosion In Syria, War Monitor Says Ambulance and rescue teams rushed to the scene of the blast.
Temperatures In Australia Hit 117 Degrees As Sydney Sees Hottest Day In 78 Years The extreme weather melted one area's roads. Elsewhere in the world, record low temperatures were seen.
32 Missing As Tanker Collides With Cargo Ship In Fireball Off China Most of the missing are Iranians, all from the tanker.
Why I Accused Israel Of Cultural Genocide Between Christmas and New Year\u2019s Day, I became embroiled in what The Jerusalem Post termed a \u201cTwitter war\u201d which they claimed
Should Religious Freedom Advocates Cheer Trump On Pakistan? As with other aspects of its foreign policy, this administration is doing the right thing for the wrong reason
No, The Protests In Iran Are Not Another Green Movement But one expert warns the clashes \represent one of the most serious challenges to the Islamic Republic since its inception.\u201d
North Korea Accepts Offer For Dialogue From South Korea The last time the two Koreas engaged in official talks was in December 2015.
Israel Tells African Migrants, Asylum-Seekers To Leave Or Go To Jail The UNHCR has said the ultimatum would violate international refugee law, and two East African nations deny making any deals on the matter with Israel.
Trump Talks About War With North Korea. Here's How Horrific That Would Really Be. Millions could die, for starters.
French President Emmanuel Macron Vows To Ban 'Fake News' His legislation would seek to combat misinformation on social media sites during elections.
14 Dead, Hundreds Injured In Fiery South Africa Train Crash The train struck a lorry, derailed and burst into flames.
Trump Administration Should Freeze Rather Than Inflame Korean Tensions The chief danger now may be that Pyongyang will believe the Trump administration is preparing to act when it is not.
Suicide Bomber Kills At Least 11 In Afghan Capital Twenty five people were injured.
Former Hostage Joshua Boyle Facing 15 Charges, Including Assault The Canadian and his family were held captive by a Taliban-linked group for five years before being freed by Pakistani forces in October.
Thousands Of Iranians Take Part In State-Sponsored Pro-Government Rallies The counter-protests come after six days of unrest that has challenged the country's clerical leadership.
Norway Suspends Arms Sales To United Arab Emirates Over Yemen War Norway's Foreign Ministry announced Wednesday the country has suspended exports of weapons and ammunition to the UAE.
Kim Jong Un Reopens Long-Closed Border Hotline With South Korea The goal is to establish a formal dialog about sending a North Korean delegation to the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics in South Korea next month.
10 Humanitarian Crises To Look Out For In 2018 The raging conflict has had disastrous impacts on Afghan civilians. Last year saw\u00a0civilian casualties\u00a0soar to near record
Ethiopia To Release All Political Prisoners In Bid To Foster Reconciliation Dissident politicians have been thrown in jail over the years and charged with involvement in terrorism.
Women Fight Back After Assaults At Music Festivals Down Under One collared a man who groped her; another punched her attacker in the head.
Social Media Sites In Germany Can Now Be Fined Millions For Not Deleting Hate Speech A new law took effect on Jan. 1, affecting Facebook, Twitter, Google, YouTube, Snapchat and Instagram.
Over 450 Protesters Arrested In Tehran During Crackdown On Anti-Government Demonstrations Iran\u2019s Supreme Leader accused enemies of the Islamic Republic of stirring unrest across the country.
South Korea Offers Talks With Defiant North Ahead Of Olympics \We look forward to candidly discussing interests from both sides face-to-face with North Korea,\ a South Korean official said.
Right-Wing Israeli Government Moves Even Further Away From 2-State Solution The move would make it harder for Israel to cede control over parts of Jerusalem in any peace deal with the Palestinians.
What's Behind Iran's Massive Anti-Government Protests Tehran blames \enemies of Iran,\ and President Donald Trump is inflaming tensions. But the real motive is unsolved economic, social and political grievances.
Iceland Makes It Illegal For Companies To Pay Men More Than Women Get paid, ladies!
Trump Threatens Aid To Palestinians After U.S. Says It Will Withhold Millions From Pakistan \With the Palestinians no longer willing to talk peace, why should we make any of these massive future payments to them?\u201d
Iranian Protests Raise Tricky Questions For U.S. And Saudi Policymakers If Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman\u2019s chequered foreign policy track record is anything to go by, Iran could tempt
Kim Jong Un Says He Has A 'Nuclear Button' On His Desk Ready For Use He also said he is \open to dialogue\ with South Korea.
Incredible New Year's Celebrations Around The World \ud83c\udf86\ud83c\udf7e\ud83c\udf89\ud83c\udf87
UN Secretary-General Puts World On 'Red Alert' In Somber New Year's Eve Address \u201cWhen I took office a year ago, I appealed for 2017 to be a year for peace. Unfortunately, in fundamental ways, the world has gone in reverse.\
CEO Of World\u2019s Biggest Catering Company Among Those Killed In Seaplane Crash Richard Cousins, CEO of Compass Group, as well as his sons, fiancee and fiancee's daughter were killed in the New Year's Eve crash in Sydney.
Fireworks Barge Explodes In Australia, Forcing Beach Evacuation Spectators first laughed and cheered, then scattered, screaming.
Iran's Protests Enter Fifth Day Amid Reports Of Deaths At least 14 people have been reported killed during the wave of unrest.
Second Ship Suspected Of Providing Oil To North Korea Seized The United Nations has ramped up sanctions against the reclusive country in response to missile tests.
Iran Protests As things currently stand, these protests more closely resemble a continuation of Iran\u2019s long-standing civil rights movement rather than an attempt to overthrow the government.
Iran's Protesters Defy Crackdown Warning As President Addresses Unrest Tens of thousands of Iranians have demonstrated across the country since Thursday.
New York Family Of 5 Among 12 Killed In Costa Rica Plane Crash A family of 4 from Florida also perished Sunday when a Nature Air flight crashed into a mountain.
Street Protests Hit Tehran, 2 Demonstrators Reported Killed In Western Iran The wave of anti-government demonstrations are prompted in part by discontent over economic hardship and alleged corruption.
China Shuts Down Domestic Ivory Trade In Effort To Fight Poaching \u201cWe can start 2018 hopeful that elephants will be safer,\ said one environmentalist.
An American Held Captive In Sudan Must Be Freed Mr. Rudwan Dawod, 35, is both a Sudanese and U.S. citizen,\u00a0a husband and father,\u00a0and a prominent member of the Sudanese Congress
Thousands Of Peruvians Protest Pardon Of Former Authoritarian Leader Alberto Fujimori President Pedro Pablo Kuczysnki pardoned the former leader after Fujimori's loyalists in Congress saved him from an impeachment bid.
South Korea Seizes Ship Suspected Of Transferring Oil To North Korea Shipping oil to Pyongyang is in direct defiance of international sanctions.
Thousands Of Palestinians Protest Trump Protesters took to the streets of Gaza and the West Bank for a fourth day in a row.
Report The sales of oil or oil products from Russia breach U.N. sanctions,
Gunman Kills 9 Outside Coptic Church In Cairo ISIS claimed responsibility for the attack.
Anti-Government Protests Rock Iran For Second Day The outbreak of regional unrest reflects growing discontent over rising prices, alleged corruption, and Iran's costly involvement in regional conflicts in Syria and Iraq.
Putin Calls St. Petersburg Supermarket Bombing An Act Of Terrorism The blast was caused by a homemade bomb packed with pieces of metal, investigators said.
Dozens Dead In Suicide Attack On Afghan News Agency, Cultural Center In Kabul President Ashraf Ghani\u2019s spokesman issued a statement calling the attack an \u201cunpardonable\u201d crime against humanity.
Soccer Star George Weah Wins Liberian Presidential Election His election marks the country's first democratic transition in over 70 years.
Death Of Argentine Prosecutor Investigating Massive Terror Attack Ruled A Murder Alberto Nisman was found dead hours before he was due to testify against top government officials.
Russia Warns U.S. Vladimir Putin's government accused the U.S. of \u201cdirect interference\ after the State Department urged the country to \hold genuine elections.\
Tehran Police Say Women Will No Longer Be Arrested For Violating 'Islamic' Dress Code \u201cThey should understand that in this day and age, how women dress is none of their business,\u201d an Iranian activist said.
Saudi-Led Airstrikes Kill 109 Civilians In Yemen In 10 Days \u201cThese incidents prove the complete disregard for human life that all parties, including the Saudi-led Coalition, continue to show in this absurd war.\
Russian Space Agency Says It's Investigating Embarrassing String Of Failures A rocket was destroyed last month because Roscosmos failed to update its launch coordinates.
Israel Wants To Build 'Trump Station' Near The Western Wall Israel wants to name a train station after the U.S. president to thank him for recognizing Jerusalem as its capital.
Reuters Journalists In Myanmar Remanded In Custody For Another 2 Weeks A Reuters spokesperson said they should be freed.
North Korean Defectors Show Signs Of Possible Radiation Exposure North Koreans who live near the country's nuclear test site appear to be paying a heavy price.
Putin Critic Navalny Steps Up The Pressure After Kremlin Crackdown The opposition leader called for nationwide rallies in support of an election boycott.
Blast Rips Through Supermarket In Russia's St. Petersburg, 10 Hurt No one was killed in the explosion.
26 Photos That Show The Natural Disasters Humanity Faced In 2017 Hurricanes, wildfires and floods wreaked havoc.
Urgent Medical Evacuations Trickle Out Of Syria's Besieged Eastern Ghouta Enclave Only four people have been transported to Damascus hospitals so far. Others have died waiting.
Chinese Human Rights Activist Wu Gan Sentenced To 8 Years In Prison Wu said he was \grateful\ to China's ruling party for being granted \this lofty honor.\
In Break With Tradition, Royal Family Embraces Meghan Markle At Holiday Festivities Queen Elizabeth II said she's looking forward to welcoming new family members.
2017's Rohingya Crisis In Photos More than half a million Rohingya refugees have fled Myanmar.
'Dotard\u2019 vs. 'Rocketman' Clashes between Donald Trump and Kim Jong Un dominated headlines this year.
Kremlin Will Scrutinize Navalny's Call To Boycott Elections Navalny was barred on Monday from running in the March 18 election after officials ruled he was ineligible to take part due to a suspended prison sentence he says was trumped up.
How This Muslim Teacher In Berlin Is Fighting Anti-Semitism \u201cDon\u2019t look away when you witness anti-Semitism.\u201d
Russia Demands To Know Why Chechen Leader's Instagram Account Was Blocked Kremlin ally Ramzan Kadyrov has accused the U.S. government of pressuring the social media platform.
Pop Star Lorde Drops Planned Israeli Concert After Criticism \I didn't make the right call on this one,\ New Zealand singer said.
These 17 Photos Show Santas Spreading Joy Around The World Santa has some awesome helpers.
Multiple People Killed In Blast Near Intelligence Agency In Kabul Officials say the attack was near a compound of Afghanistan\u2019s national intelligence agency.
Pope Francis Uses Christmas Message To Call For Two-State Solution \u201cWe see Jesus in the children of the Middle East who continue to suffer because of growing tensions between Israelis and Palestinians.\
U.S. Ambassador Apologizes After Denying Own Comments, Then Lying About Denial \u201cI made certain remarks in 2015 and regret the exchange during the \u201cNieuwsuur\u201d interview.\
2017 Was Mexico's Deadliest Year On Record 23,101 murder investigations were launched in the year's first 11 months.
Dozens Feared Dead In Massive Shopping Mall Blaze In Philippine City Of Davao Officials said there was \zero\ chance of survival for those trapped inside.
North Korea Says New U.N. Sanctions An Act Of War The U.N. Security Council unanimously imposed new sanctions on North Korea on Friday for its recent intercontinental ballistic missile test.
Judge Rules U.S. Must Allow ACLU Access To American Held In Iraq \John Doe\ has been held without charges and without counsel for over three months.
Guatemala Says It Will Move Embassy In Israel To Jerusalem After Trump's Decision The move comes a few days after the Guatemalan government backed the United States in a row over the city\u2019s status.
More Than 100 Dead In Philippine Mudslides And Flash Flooding Dozens of people are also missing after a tropical storm struck.
Animal Missing After Fire Breaks Out At London\u2019s World-Famous Zoo More than 70 firefighters took around three hours to bring the blaze under control.
Challenging The Saudi Crown Prince Incarcerated for almost two months in a gilded cage in Riyadh\u2019s luxurious Ritz Carlton Hotel, Saudi billionaire businessman
Canadian With Spellbinding Christmas Lights Is Killed While Fixing Them Community is devastated after businessman Doug Musson dies after falling from a ladder.
The Catalan Independence Movement Just Scored A Huge Victory Separatists declared victory in Thursday's regional election.
U.N. Security Council Imposes New Sanctions On North Korea Tensions have been rising over North Korea\u2019s nuclear and missile programs.
British Royal Apologizes After Wearing Offensive Jewelry In Front Of Meghan Markle Princess Michael of Kent wore jewelry featuring a black woman during a Christmas lunch with the Royal Family.
The World\u2019s Largest Lottery Has Just Drawn Its Winners People all over Spain bought tickets in hopes of winning a share of the $2.8 billion total prize money.
The Most Dangerous Countries In The World To Be A Journalist Mexico and Syria are among the deadliest places for reporters, new studies show.
Car Plows Into Pedestrians In Crowded Melbourne Intersection, Injuring Up To 14 Police arrested two men but they have not been charged.
Yemen Hits Terrible Milestone Due to the country's civil war, more than 80 percent of the population lacks food, fuel, clean water and access to healthcare.
Philippine Ferry Carrying 251 Capsizes In Storm Four people were killed and seven were missing, officials said.
Another North Korean Defector Dashed Across The DMZ It's historically been known as the most dangerous way to flee to South Korea.
Theresa May's Number 2 Sacked Amid Pornography Scandal He's also been accused of making unwanted sexual advances.
Inside One Of The World's Largest Refugee Camps, Rohingya Women Can't Escape Trauma For many Rohingya women and their families, the nightmare isn't over.
UN Rebukes Trump\u2019s Jerusalem Move In Overwhelming Vote He had threatened to cut funding to countries that voted against him.
New Zealand Does A Nationwide Secret Santa, And It's Very Cute Even the prime minister got in on it this year.
Mexico Tour Bus Crash Kills At Least 12 Five American cruise ship passengers were reportedly among those killed in the excursion.
France To Ban Domestic Production Of Oil And Gas By 2040 It's a historic move, though largely symbolic since 99 percent of the country's consumed oil is imported.
This U.S. Missionary Is Fighting To Save Women In Papua New Guinea From Being Killed For 'Sorcery' Women and girls are being tortured and murdered after being accused of witchcraft.
Scotland Bans Traveling Circuses From Using Wild Animals In Performances Animal rights organizations applauded the decision.
Stop Killing The Christians Of Pakistan It is perhaps one of the great ironies of Pakistan that the founder of the nation spent his first and final Christmas in
Myanmar's Crackdown On Human Rights Continues As It Denies Entry To UN Investigator The move comes as evidence mounts of atrocities against the Rohingya minority.
Norway\u2019s Parliament Votes To Decriminalize All Drug Use \u201cThis is the start of a big rush reform. Now a big effort is being done to switch the system from punishment to help.\u201d
Pamela Anderson Slams Australia\u2019s Treatment Of Refugee\u2019s Dog In Papua New Guinea \u201cRecent reporting from the camps indicates a new level of violence and suffering,\u201d the actress and animal rights activist writes.
China Unveils World's Largest Carbon Market The move shows China is taking the lead on climate change as the U.S. retreats.
The Colonial Roots Of Myanmar\u2019s Rage Against The Rohingya And Why I Didn\u2019t See It Earlier As a Burmese American observing Myanmar (also known as Burma) from afar throughout decades of military rule, I worried that
How A Secretive Police Squad Racked Up Kills In Duterte's Drug War An intimate portrait of how a secretive anti-drug unit mobilized and killed - then vanished to await new orders.
Suicide Attack At Methodist Church In Pakistan Kills Nine, Wounds Dozens The attack in Quetta, Pakistan, happened during a worship service.
Pope Francis Celebrated His 81st Birthday With A Big Pizza Pie Happy Birthday, Pope Francis!
How Defamation Laws In Australia Could Stop An All-Out \u2018Weinstein Moment\u2019 So far, few high-profile figures have been caught in the #MeToo maelstrom Down Under.
U.S. Vetoes U.N. Call To Withdraw Trump's Decision On Jerusalem The move further isolated the United States.
Russia-Backed RT Launches French-Language Channel Despite Criticism The state-funded network has been criticized as an organ of \influence and propaganda\ by France's president.
Same-Sex Weddings Begin In Australia Congrats to all!
Will Smith On Harvey Weinstein, Netflix's 'Bright' And Examining Racism Through A Racist's Lens \The whole Weinstein situation is bizarre. Who'd do such a thing?\
The U.S. Military Has Created Its Own Tinderbox In Africa The situation of the U.S. military in Africa is, in some respects, not unlike that in California.
Australian Man Tried To Sell Missile Parts For North Korea Chan Han Choi \believed he was acting to serve some higher patriotic purpose,\ authorities said.
France Promises To 'Defend Net Neutrality' In Wake Of FCC Vote In U.S. Several U.S. allies have spoken up in support of a free and open internet.
Australia's Child Sex Abuse Commission Exposes National Tragedy Of Systemic Violence The report revealed persistent failings of institutions to keep children safe, of cultures of secrecy and cover-up, and the devastating effects child sexual abuse can have on a life.
It's Hard To Know Exactly What's Happening To Myanmar's Rohingya. So They Found Me. How social media provides a window into a human rights crisis.
To Improve Human Rights In North Korea, Engage The Kim Regime And Reduce Its Insecurity Washington sees North Korea as a security challenge. Yet the North threatens America only because the U.S. intervened in
Australia\u2019s Music Industry Fights Sex Abuse With #MeNoMore Campaign \u201cIn the face of uncountable discrimination ... we have gritted our teeth and gotten on with the job. But today we say, no more.\u201d
Suicide Bomber Disguised As Cop Attacks Police Training Camp In Mogadishu, Killing 15 The attacker had explosives strapped to his body and infiltrated the General Kahiye Police Training Academy during an early morning parade, police said.
Time Is Running Out For Syria's Besieged Communities The sieges \are testaments to the impotence of the international community,\u201d a new Siege Watch report states.
The Actual Rohingya Death Toll Is 22 Times Higher Than Official Estimate, Survey Shows In one month, thousands were burned, beaten, or shot to death, according to Doctors Without Borders.
Trump\u2019s Recognition Of Jerusalem As Israel\u2019s Capital And The Prospect Of A Two-State Solution I was in Israel when Trump made his announcement recognizing Jerusalem as Israel\u2019s capital. Initially, I thought Israelis
Nikki Haley Slams Iran\u2019s Role In Yemen War, Neglects To Mention U.S. Part In Humanitarian Crisis \u201cThey are allowing missiles like this to be fired over to innocent civilians,\u201d she said, standing in front of part of a rocket.
El Salvador Upholds Three-Decade Prison Term For Woman Who Suffered Stillbirth Teodora Vasquez has already spent 10 years in jail after having pregnancy complications.
U.S.-Saudi Nuclear Talks By James M. Dorsey Talks aimed at transferring US nuclear technology to Saudi Arabia serve as an indicator of where the
A Record Number Of Journalists Are Imprisoned Worldwide For Doing Their Jobs More than half are behind bars in Turkey, China and Egypt, says a new Committee to Protect Journalists report.
Palestinian President Calls On UN To Replace U.S. As Mediator In Peace Process Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas told Muslim leaders that the U.S. decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel\u2019s capital was a \the greatest crime.\
Norway Eliminates FM Radio Despite Majority Disapproval From Citizens Norway is now the first country to transition to completely digital radio.
U.S. Demands Release Of Reuters Reporters Detained In Myanmar Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo were reporting on the Rohingya crisis in Rakhine State.
50 World Leaders Gather In Paris For Climate Summit. Trump Was Not Invited. The One Planet Summit is being held on the two-year anniversary of the adoption of the historic Paris Agreement.
'It's Like Hell' Amnesty International accuses European governments of complicity in Libya's corrupt system.
Charles Jenkins, American Held By North Korea For 40 Years After Defection, Dies At 77 The former U.S. soldier defected in 1965, but said his decisions at the time \don't make sense now.\
Daredevil 'Rooftopper' Plunges To His Death From Chinese High Rise Wu Yongning's own video of tragedy goes viral.
Dennis Rodman Says He Knows What His Pal Kim Jong Un Wants But the ex-NBA star says it's just for Donald Trump's ears.
North Korean Prisons Are Worse Than Nazi Concentration Camps, Says Holocaust Survivor \u201cThere is not a comparable situation anywhere in the world, past or present,\u201d another expert said.
Nobel Peace Prize Winner Warns That Nuclear War Is One 'Tantrum Away' \We have avoided nuclear war not through prudent leadership but good fortune,\ said Beatrice Fihn, at the award ceremony in Oslo.
Saudi Arabia To Allow Movie Theaters To Open For First Time In 35 Years Cinemas were banned in the early 1980s under pressure from Islamists as Saudi society turned towards a restrictive form of the religion.
Putin Orders Russian Forces To Pull Out Of Syria After Meeting With Assad \u201cThe task of fighting armed bandits here in Syria, a task that it was essential to solve with the help of extensive use of armed force, has for the most part, been solved and solved spectacularly.\
France To Ban Cell Phones In Lower Grades An issue that poses major distraction in classrooms around the globe
As Putin Announces 2018 Presidential Bid, \u2018SUPERPUTIN\u2019 Exhibition Opens In Moscow Putin is depicted as a superhero, Santa Claus, a Roman emperor and animal lover.
Violence Flares Near U.S. Embassy In Beirut Over Trump's Jerusalem Decision Lebanese security forces fired tear gas and water cannons at protesters near the U.S. Embassy.
Nova Scotia Plans To Sell Weed In Liquor Stores The province's sole alcohol distributor will sell pot in some of its stores and online.
137 Children Need 'Immediate Medical Evacuation' From Syrian Suburb At least five children in the country's East Ghouta area have reportedly died awaiting medical care.
The Real Heroes Of Pakistan If Western media is to be believed, little but murder and mayhem comes out of Pakistan. The images that dominate are those
North Korea Renews 'Dotard' Insult For Donald Trump Over Jerusalem Move North Korean officials called Trump's decision \reckless\ and \wicked.\
This 10-Minute Audio Montage Of 2017 Is An Emotional Roller Coaster The best and worst moments of the last 12 months.
At Least 14 UN Peacekeepers, 5 Congolese Soldiers Killed In Attack Militia groups maintain an active presence in the country.
Corruption Disruption Why does the IMF care so deeply about corruption? The reason is simple. The job of the IMF is to protect global economic
Pope Francis Questions Traditional Translation Of Lord's Prayer \Lead us not into temptation\ isn't a good version of the ancient Christian prayer, Francis said.
2 Dead In Gaza During Anti-Israel 'Day Of Rage' Two people were killed in the demonstrations on Friday.
Shinto Priestess Killed By Brother During Sword Attack At Tokyo Shrine The violence apparently stemmed from a family feud.
Saudi Arabia's Leader Spent $450 Million On A Painting. Here's What That Could Do For Victims Of His War In Yemen. 20.7 million people need some kind of aid in Yemen. Those dollars could feed them all for more than a month.
Jesus And Mary Depicted As Migrants At Sea In Italian Town's Nativity Display Jesus himself had to flee persecution as a child.
Israeli Army Strikes Targets In Gaza In Response To Rocket Fire The attacks come amid widespread unrest following Trump's controversial shift in policy on Israel.
Australia Celebrates As Parliament Approves Same-Sex Marriage Public opinion was on the side of marriage equality.
Hamas Calls For New Palestinian Uprising Against Israel After Trump's Jerusalem Move The U.S. officially recognized the holy city as Israel's capital.
Israeli Police Clash With Palestinian Protestors After Trump Jerusalem Announcement Thursday is the second of three days of rage called for by Palestinian leaders.
Senior Palestinian Official The comment came one day after the Trump official moved to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
Here's What People Are Talking About In America Right Now These are the topics that matter most to Americans, according to interviews conducted during our Listen to America bus tour.
No, The Royal Wedding Church Staff Wasn't Told To Watch 'Suits' The captain of the Lay Stewards says his joke was misquoted by a stringer he was trying to avoid at a party.
Pope Francis Implores Trump To Respect 'Status Quo' On Jerusalem \u201cI cannot keep quiet about my deep worry about the situation,\ he said.
Leaders Around The World Incensed Over Trump's Jerusalem Decision Everyone from the Pope to the Kremlin expressed concern that recognizing Jerusalem as the capital of Israel would threaten regional stability.
Christian Leaders Warned Trump Against Recognizing Jerusalem As Israeli Capital \Any sudden changes would cause irreparable harm,\ a group of 13 Christian patriarchs and heads of churches in Jerusalem urged.
British Authorities Reportedly Foil Terror Plot To Assassinate Prime Minister Theresa May Two men were arrested late last month in connection with the scheme.
An American Whistleblower In Bonn A month after resigning from the Interior Department, I attended COP23, where the U.S. was very much a presence, even if our government was not.
Protests Erupt As Trump Recognizes Jerusalem As Israeli Capital People took to the streets in Gaza City, burning American flags and photos of Trump.
The Dictator Whose Hunger For Power Helped Tear Yemen Apart Is Dead Ali Abdullah Saleh was killed after decades of manipulating the country's politics for his own gain.
Myanmar Forces May Be Guilty Of Genocide Against Rohingya, UN Says Some 626,000 Rohingya have fled violence since August.
Russian Olympic Doping Whistleblower Fears Putin Will Retaliate Against His Family \He knows he is going to be looking over his shoulder for the rest of his life,\ his lawyer said.
Middle Eastern Allies Threaten Trump Over Jerusalem Announcement Recognizing the city as Israel's official capital wold be \the red line of Muslims,\ according to Turkey.
Trump Tells Arab Leaders He Intends To Move U.S. Embassy In Israel To Jerusalem The move would endorse Israel's claim to all of Jerusalem as its capital, breaking with decades of U.S. policy.
Russia's Olympic Team Barred From 2018 Winter Games For Doping A new report confirmed \the systemic manipulation of the anti-doping rules and system in Russia.\
'No One Is Safe' The civilian population already faced the prospect of widespread famine.
Reports The country is being ravaged by war.
Israel And U.S. Hide Names Of Companies Supporting Israeli Settlements Israel seeks to suppress the identities of the companies that support the settlements because it is feeling the pinch of the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement.
Trump Delays Announcement On U.S. Embassy In Israel An announcement on the decision will be made \u201cin coming days.
U.S., South Korea Launch Large-Scale Joint Aerial Drills [UPDATED] The exercises have been condemned as a provocation by the isolated North.
Cathay Pacific Crew Say They Saw North Korean Missile 'Blow Up And Fall Apart' The airline said it would not alter its flight routes in the region despite the suspected sighting.
Pope Francis On Meeting Rohingya Refugees The pontiff defended his silence while in Myanmar on the humanitarian crisis, saying he spoke privately to the nation's leaders about the issue.
Arab, Turkish, And Iranian Opinions On Regional Conflicts Most Arabs have little confidence in the Trump Administration's ability to solve the Israeli/Palestinian conflict and many
Trump To Move U.S. Embassy In Israel To Jerusalem. Here's Why That Matters. Experts warn the move could lead to an \absolute explosion\ in the region.
The Global Gag Rule Impacts Hard-Fought Progress On HIV/AIDS Relief The Trump administration not only reinstated the Global Gag Rule, it expanded it \u2013 by 15 times.
Pope Francis Prays Alongside Rohingya Muslim Refugees During Trip To Bangladesh \u201cThe presence of God today is also called Rohingya.\
Trump's Tensions With The U.K. Just Got Even Worse Politicians in the U.K. have message for the U.S. president
Ex-Italian P.M. Berlusconi Reportedly Ordered To Stand Trial On Judicial Corruption Charge The trial will begin in the Tuscan city of Siena in February, the source said.
Pakistan, A Victim Of The Single Story Many Americans are eager to accept the narrowest, most dire representation of Pakistan, and that's a problem.
Finland Bans Neo-Nazi Nordic Resistance Movement A court ruled that the group advocates violence and spreads hatred.
Bali Calls For More Evacuations As Volcanic Activity Worsens Indonesian authorities ask about 100,000 more people to take shelter. Some are reluctant to leave their homes.
Threat From North Korea No Longer Hypothetical, Arms Experts Warn \u201cIt\u2019s the next logical step that we were expecting.\
The Far-Right Group Trump Amplified On Twitter Has A History Of Open Anti-Muslim Hate Britain First's inflammatory anti-Islam messages have drawn condemnation from politicians, Muslim organizations and interfaith groups.
Trump's Islamophobic Retweets Widely Condemned By Religious Leaders Muslims and their interfaith allies are refusing to give bigotry \a free pass.\
Why Trump's Strategy To Deal With North Korea Won't Cut It \u201cTo expect China to be able to solve the problem by having tougher sanctions is unrealistic,\u201d an expert warns.
Former Bosnian Croat Official On Trial For War Crimes Dies After Drinking Poison In Court Slobodan Praljak stood up and drank from a small vial.
Theresa May Calls Trump's Anti-Muslim Retweets 'Wrong' The U.K. leader's rebuke heightens tensions between the longtime allies.
Australian Senate Passes Same-Sex Marriage Bill In Historic Vote The bill now heads to the lower house, where it's expected to pass, and then get signed into law by Christmas.
Prince Harry, Meghan Markle's First Official Post-Engagement Event Will Be Nod To Diana The couple will meet with people living with HIV and AIDS on World AIDS Day.
Another Vietnamese Activist Slapped With Prison Sentence For Toxic Spill Criticism Nguyen Van Hoa, 22, was sentenced to seven years in prison for \conducting propaganda against the state.\
Pope Francis Just Missed A Huge Opportunity To Advocate For Rohingyas He alluded to \justice and respect for human rights\ but did not specifically mention the persecuted ethnic minority.
The Far Right Might Become Germany's Main Opposition Party As Chancellor Angela Merkel looks to form a government, the anti-Islam AfD stands to gain.
'Ghost Ship' Found With Skeletal Remains Eyed As North Korean Vessel The grim discovery off the coast of Japan is similar to others made this month.
U.S. Experts Expect New North Korea Missile Launch 'Within Days' It would be the first launch since a missile fired over Japan in mid-September.
More Than 3,000 Migrants Have Died Crossing The Mediterranean This Year The number of migrant crossings is decreasing, but the fatality rate is rising.
Benghazi Attack Organizer Acquitted Of Most Serious Charges A jury acquitted Ahmed Abu Khatallah of all but four charges in connection with a 2012 attack on a U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya.
Chechen Leader, Amid Reshuffles, Says He's 'Ready To Die' For Putin He also said it's \his dream\ to leave office at some point, though he showed no signs of stepping down.
Defiant North Korea Launches What Appears To Be ICBM It's Pyongyang's first missile launch since firing over Japan in September.
Amnesty Accuses Shell Of Complicity In Killings, Torture In Nigeria In The 1990s The human rights group is calling for a criminal investigation of the oil giant.
Justin Trudeau Delivers Formal Apology To LGBTQ Canadians The systematic persecution of LGBTQ public servants is \u201can often overlooked part of Canada\u2019s history,\u201d Trudeau said Tuesday.
Archbishop Of Canterbury Most Rev. Justin Welby is baffled by Christians who back the president.
Watch This British Archbishop End His Decade-Long Protest Of Robert Mugabe Though Mugabe is out, Dr. John Sentamu warned that Zimbabwe's past \won't go away.\
How Many More Religiously Insensitive \u2018Mistakes\u2019 Is Our Military Going To Make At Bagram Airfield? Just over two months ago, a Taliban suicide bomber blew himself up at an entrance to Bagram Airfield in Afghanistan, killing
Pope Francis Arrives In Myanmar To Navigate Diplomatic Minefield The pope met with a military commander accused of overseeing a brutal campaign against the country's Rohingya Muslims.
Vandals Shatter Windows At A Mosque In Poland This isn't the first time the Warsaw mosque has received threats.
South Korea Trolls North With Loudspeakers Blaring News On Defector North Koreans within 12 miles of the border reportedly are hearing updates on the wounded soldier's condition.
Iran Warns It Will Increase Missile Range If Threatened By Europe Iran has repeatedly said its missile program is defensive and not negotiable.
ISIS Raises The Stakes In Egypt After Deadly Sinai Mosque Attack More than 300 people were killed in the attack at Al Rawdah mosque.
Gunmen In Eqypt Mosque Attack Carried ISIS Flag, Prosecutor Says No group has claimed responsibility, but Egyptian forces are battling a stubborn Islamic State affiliate in the region.
Death Toll Rises To 305 In Attack On Egypt Mosque No group has claimed responsibility, but officials said gunmen brandished an Islamic State flag.
Police Seek Answers On Central London's Black Friday Panic Two men were questioned in connection with an incident that caused chaos, but no casualties.
Aid Workers And Medical Supplies Trickle Into Yemen As Saudis Ease Blockade A nearly three-week military blockade has left about 7 million people facing famine.
A Dissident Cuban Artist Reflects On The Anniversary Of Castro's Death A year after he was arrested for celebrating the ex-president's death, a Cuban dissident looks back on the first year without Fidel.
Mexico Creates Pacific Marine Sanctuary To Protect Its 'Crown Jewel' The Revillagigedo Archipelago National Park spans more than 57,000 square miles \u2014 roughly the size of Georgia.
Zimbabwe Swears In Emmerson 'The Crocodile' Mnangagwa As President It brings the curtain down on Robert Mugabe's 37 years in power.
South African Court More Than Doubles Oscar Pistorius Sentence The athlete was originally convicted of manslaughter and sentenced to five years in jail.
Indian Politician Offers $1.5 Million To Behead Bollywood Star Surajpal Amu of India's ruling party offered the bounty amid controversy over a film's representation of a Hindu legend.
Anxiety Runs High In China As Another Kindergarten Is Accused Of Child Abuse Teachers at a Beijing school allegedly forced children to take pills, jabbed them with needles and made them strip naked.
British Black Friday Was Once Again A Wonderfully Civilized Occasion No lines, no brawls. It all looked almost enjoyable.
Central London Panics Over Reports Of Shots Fired But police could not find evidence of gunshots.
Reeva Steenkamp Can \u2018Rest In Peace' After Oscar Pistorius\u2019 Sentence Doubled, Her Family Says A South Africa court resentenced Pistorius to over 13 years in prison for the 2013 murder of his girlfriend.
305 Killed After Suspected Militants Target Egyptian Mosque No group immediately claimed responsibility for the attack.
Police Storm Detention Center As Australia Slammed Over 'Humanitarian Crisis' \u201cAustralia has in effect created and then abandoned a humanitarian crisis,\ a UN watchdog group said of the situation on Manus Island.
Besieged Syrians Are Eating Trash To Survive Children are dying of starvation in the rebel-held region of eastern Ghouta.
Myanmar Reaches Deal To Bring Rohingya Muslims Home But rights groups are concerned Myanmar's army could still pose a threat.
The Mysterious Disappearance Of An Argentine Navy Sub Just Got Even Stranger An abnormal sound \consistent with an explosion\ was detected near where the vessel disappeared last week, said the Argentine navy.
North Korea's Wounded Defector A 'Nice Guy,' Says Surgeon Video of the soldier's escape showed him stumbling over the border and being dragged unconscious by South Korean troops.
Former Mugabe Deputy To Be Sworn In As President \u201cThe people have spoken. The voice of the people is the voice of God,\u201d he told thousands of supporters.
Video Of Migrants Sold In Apparent Slave Auction In Libya Provokes Outrage Worldwide \u201cI am horrified,\u201d the UN secretary-general said.
Chess Legend Slams Trump Garry Kasparov wants people to stop comparing politics to chess.
Stunning CCTV Footage Shows North Korean Defector Being Shot By Border Guards \u201cHe is not going to die,\ one of the soldier's doctors in South Korea said Tuesday.
UN Court Convicts Ex-Bosnian Serb Commander Ratko Mladic Of Genocide \u201cMladic is the epitome of evil,\ said the UN's human rights chief Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein.
Saudi Prince Mohammed\u2019s Achilles Heel Emboldened by perceived White House support, Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman appears to have stepped up his risky
'Zero Hope For Denuclearizing North Korea,' China Expert Says Trump's designation of North Korea as a state sponsor of terrorism \could greatly undermine\ a diplomatic solution.
Illegal Student Labor Used To Assemble iPhone X, Apple Admits Transit school students said they worked 11-hour shifts for required \work experience.\
3 Missing After U.S. Navy Transporter Crashes In Philippine Sea The U.S. Seventh Fleet says search and rescue efforts are under way.
October Was Mexico's Deadliest Month On Record There has been an average of 69 killings per day in the crisis-torn country this year.
Skype Removed From China's App Stores, Accused Of Violating Law The internet phone and messaging app is the latest Western product to vanish amid a national cyber crackdown.
Landmark Buildings Around The World Light Up Red To Honor Christian Persecution Victims \u201cIn so many parts of the world today, people are denied work, housing, liberty or even their life because of their religious belief.\
Suicide Bomber Kills 50 In Nigeria, Nation's Deadliest Attack This Year The blast bears the hallmarks of a faction led by the group Abubakar Shekau, which forces women and girls to carry out suicide bombings.
Zimbabwe Parliament Begins Impeachment Process Against President Robert Mugabe Thousands of people have joined mass protests against Mugabe and calls to resign have come from many sides.
State Department Officials Accuse Rex Tillerson Of Violating U.S. Law On Child Soldiers A confidential \u201cdissent\u201d memo not previously reported said Tillerson breached the Child Soldiers Prevention Act.
Apartheid In Myanmar Rohingyas have endured decades of systematic discrimination by successive governments in Rakhine State.
Iranian Hacker Charged With Stealing HBO 'Game Of Thrones' Episodes Charges were filed against Behzad Mesri in New York on Tuesday, though his whereabouts are unknown.
Zimbabwe's New Leaders Are None Other Than Mugabe's Former 'Enforcers' As the country celebrates its dictator's downfall, his authoritarian system remains intact.
Rapper Nelly To Perform For All-Male Audience In Saudi Arabia This might get awkward.
Over 2,000 Swedish Women Sign Letter Denouncing Sexism In Music Industry The letter vows to \u201cput shame back where it belongs \u2015 with the perpetrators and the people protecting them.\u201d
Lebanon's Hariri Returns To Beirut After Controversial Absence It's the first time he has been back after resigning as prime minister and spurring a political crisis.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe Resigns The world's oldest serving president will step down after 37 years in power.
Zimbabweans Celebrate In The Streets After Mugabe Resignation But after decades of authoritarian rule, the country faces a long road to reform its repressive political system.
The War For World Leadership While some political insiders proclaimed that the isolationist philosophy of \America First has been vindicated on the world
Zimbabwe's Mugabe Clings To Power As His Resignation Deadline Passes He and his wife Grace would be granted full immunity if he steps down.
Transition In The Middle East Transition is the name of the game in the Middle East and North Africa. The question is, transition to what? Dominating the
What You Need To Know About 'Germany's Brexit Moment' The breakdown of coalition talks has plunged German politics into a deep political crisis.
The Two Camps Illusion In recent weeks, Saudi Arabia has become more assertive. It first imposed a total blockade on Yemen, despite claims that
Trump Designates North Korea A State Sponsor Of Terrorism This will slap more sanctions on the isolated nation.
2.5 Million Yemenis Lack Access To Clean Water A Saudi-led coalition is cutting off supplies to vulnerable Yemenis, the Red Cross said Monday.
Stop The Use And Abuse Of Children In And For Armed Conflict We have the tools and resources to protect children better, but we have failed to do so.
Merkel's Fourth Term In Doubt Efforts to form a coalition have failed.
Myanmar\u2019s Myriad Challenges Don\u2019t Excuse Toxic And Unfounded Racism Against Rohingya The prevailing perception of the Rohingya as foreign and fundamentally not \u201cBurmese\u201d is misplaced.
Justin Trudeau Will Formally Apologize For Canada's Past LGBTQ Persecution The Canadian prime minister will deliver the apology later this month.
Saudi-UAE Push To Mobilize Tribes Against Qatari Emir For now, the promotion of opponents of Sheikh Tamim appears to be more of a public relations stunt and fixture of the media war than a serious challenge.
At Least 15 Killed During Food Aid Stampede In Morocco A criminal investigation has been opened into the matter, officials said.
Argentina Detects Signals Believed To Be From Missing Submarine Argentina said the calls were likely a sign the crew of 44 was trying to reestablish contact.
Turkish Capital Bans LGBT Rights Events Ankara officials said such activities could jeopardize public safety.
Lebanon's Ex-PM Visits France Amid Saudi Kidnapping Rumors After announcing his resignation in Saudi Arabia, Saad al-Hariri says he will return to Beirut and clarify his position.
In Television Address, Mugabe Defies Calls To Step Down Immediately The 93-year-old leader has ruled the country for the last 37 years.
Satellite Images Indicate North Korea Is Working On A Ballistic Missile Submarine The images suggest Pyongyang is on an \aggressive schedule\ to build the ship.
Iraqi Forces Take Back Country's Last ISIS-Held Town The capture marks the end of the group's so-called caliphate.
Zimbabwe's Longtime Leader Digs In Despite Army Takeover Mugabe appeared in public for the first time since Zimbabwe's military took over three days ago.
That List Of 33,000 Migrants Who Have Died Is Just A Slice Of The Tragedy What's worse, we don\u2019t even know most of their names.
The Bogus Anti-BDS Hysteria The absurdity of the Israei lobby\u2019s war against the BDS movement (i.e. the effort to Boycott, Divest and Sanction Israel
Pope Francis Blasts 'Perverse Attitudes' Of Climate Change Deniers The U.S. remains the only country in the world to reject the Paris climate agreement.
Is Trump The Only Villain Of COP23? Inside one of the world's longest climate conferences.
Lebanon's PM Is Back Home To Make The Country's Political Crisis Even Stranger After previously announcing his resignation while in Saudi Arabia, the Lebanese prime minister has now suspended that decision upon returning to Beirut.
A Mysterious Stranger Has Been Leaving Flowers At This Boy's Grave For Decades And the BBC is on it, bless its heart.
Polish Woman Says She Was Dragged Out Of Church After Unfurling Anti-Racism Banner Her banner read, \Racism is a sin.\
A Look Back At Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe's Rise To Power The decades-long ruler is one of Africa's most controversial faces.
Losing The Last Vestiges Of Our Moral Fabric The unspeakable atrocities that are happening in South Sudan are unfathomable, not only because of the scope of savagery
'Religious Freedom' Clauses Are Point Of Contention As Australia Crafts Marriage Equality Laws Australians voted in favor of legalizing same-sex marriage. Now,  their lawmakers must decide what that means.
What You Need To Know About The Crisis In Zimbabwe What looks a lot like a military coup is unfolding in the southern African nation.
Photos Show 'Biblical' Flooding In Greece Following Severe Storm More than a dozen people were killed in the flash floods.
Prime Minister Saad Hariri\u2019s Return To Lebanon The proof will be in the pudding when Prime Minister Saad Hariri returns home in the coming days to a country in which friend
Tillerson Steps Up Pressure On Myanmar's Leaders Amid Rohingya Crisis \Scenes of what occurred are just horrific,\ he said.
New Details Emerge About The Attack In Niger That Killed 4 U.S. Soldiers A new report suggests the soldiers were greatly overpowered in an hours-long assault by militants.
Zimbabwe Military Issues Statement After Seizing Power \u201dWe are only targeting criminals around [President Mugabe] who are committing crimes that are causing social and economic suffering in the country in order to bring them to justice.\
Zimbabwe\u2019s Military Seizes Power And Holds President Mugabe Amid Rumors Of A Coup The military said the 93-year-old president was \safe and sound.\
Why I Refused To Greet President Macron At France's Commemorative Ceremony Since the Charlie Hebdo attack, the number of acts of terrorism on our soil continues to multiply, but strangely, the voice of victims is becoming increasingly scarce.
The Top 1 Percent Owns Over Half Of The World's Household Wealth The very, very rich are getting very, very richer.
France Grapples With Terrorism Two Years After The Paris Attacks This week marks the second anniversary of the brutal attacks in the French capital.
Olympic Weightlifter To Sell Gold Medal For Iran's Earthquake Victims Iranian Kianoush Rostami, who earned the medal in Rio last year, says it belongs to his people.
Australian Survey Says 'Yes' To Same-Sex Marriage, Country One Step Closer To Equality More than 61 percent of the country's respondents voiced their support in the nationwide poll.
Fossil Fuel-Touting U.S. Heckled By Singing Demonstrators At UN Climate Summit \u201cWe see right through your greed,\ protesters sang.
Iran Halts Earthquake Rescue Operations As Survivors Battle Hunger And Cold More than 30,000 houses were damaged and at least two villages were completely destroyed.
Thick Cloud Of Toxic Smog Envelops New Delhi Despite Emergency Efforts A U.S. embassy measure showed levels of poisonous airborne particles had reached 495, compared with the upper limit of \u201cgood\u201d quality air at 50.
Trump Laughs As Philippine Leader Duterte Calls Journalists 'Spies' Dozens of journalists in the Philippines have been killed with impunity over the last decade.
Making America Great Again\u2014In Niger? One wonders how many Niger-like tragedies it will take before we get the message.
Trump Doubles Down On Sanctions And Regime Change For Venezuela On Nov. 3, President Maduro of Venezuela proposed a meeting with creditors, for Nov. 13 in Caracas, to discuss a restructuring
Islamic Development Bank (IDB) -- Another Saudi Stooge Saudi discrimination against everything Iranian and Shia is so broad, it has even appeared in my own life. Am I upset? Yes
Arab Media By James M. Dorsey Long-standing Saudi efforts to dominate the pan-Arab media landscape appear to have moved into high gear
Lebanon's Ex-PM Says He Will Return Amid Claims He Was Being Held Captive By Saudis Saad al-Hariri also hinted that he could take back his resignation.
Hundreds Dead After Powerful Earthquake Hits Border Between Iran And Iraq It was Iran\u2019s deadliest earthquake in more than a decade.
Riz Ahmed, Mindy Kaling, Aziz Ansari And Others Launch Appeal For Rohingya More than a million members of Myanmar's Rohingya community face government persecution including eviction, torture and rape.
Lebanese President Calls On Saudis To Explain Why Ex-PM Has Not Returned President Michel Aoun told foreign ambassadors that Hariri, who resigned suddenly while in Saudi Arabia a week ago, had been \u201ckidnapped.\
He Fled Violence In Guinea. She Escaped Misogyny In Pakistan. They Found New Hope In Brooklyn. A nonprofit is helping refugees build careers in America as the Trump administration restricts  resettlement.
Army Sgt. La David Johnson Found Bound, May Have Been Executed In Niger Niger villagers recount finding Johnson's body with a  large head wound.
Fears Grow That Lebanon's Ex-PM Is Being Held Against His Will By Saudis France became the first Western country to indicate that Saudi Arabia was holding Hariri against his will.
Murder In The Hague By James M. Dorsey Shot dead this week on a street in The Hague, Ahmad Mola Nissi may have died the violent life he lived
America Very quickly and with Trump\u2019s blessing, Kushner has effectively become America\u2019s \u201cMr. Middle East.\u201d
Millions In Yemen Will Die Unless Saudi Aid Blockade Is Lifted, UN Warns The Saudi-led war in Yemen, which has been orchestrated by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, has left the country on the brink of famine.
UPDATE Russia might retaliate, its embassy says.
Israel Lobby Pushing New All-Out Ban On Campus Criticism Of Israel I guess it\u2019s a sign of desperation. Interest in Israel among young Jews is way down. And among the community at large, only
The Berlin Wall And The Value Of Owning Our Past We must come to terms with both the failures and the triumphs that led us to where we are today.
The Weinstein Effect From #MeToo and #BalanceTonPorc to #QuellaVoltaChe, people are speaking out.
It Only Took Trump One Year To Trash America's Global Reputation \u201cThe rest of the world is shaking its head,\ one expert said.
Health Emergency Declared In New Delhi As Toxic Smog Blankets The City \u201cDelhi has become a gas chamber,\ a senior Indian official warned this week.
Getting The Saudi Fight Against Corruption Right Kuwaiti billionaire Maan al-Sanea should have seen it coming...
Trump's Surprise Visit To The DMZ Canceled Due To Bad Weather Before the trip was scuttled, Trump's team had dubbed it a \historic moment.\
Bodies Of 26 Female Teenage Migrants Found In The Mediterranean They may have been destined for prostitution.
Remembering Dina Neither Indians nor Pakistanis quite forgave Dina Wadia for being Muhammad Ali Jinnah\u2019s daughter. The former made her life
Gunmen Disguised As Police Storm TV Station In Afghan Capital The militant group Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attack.
Saudi Crown Prince\u2019s Unprecedented Power Grab Could Come To Haunt Him Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has won the first round of what could prove to be an unprecedented power grab that
Inside The Lavish Makeshift Prison Where Arrested Saudi Royals Are Being Held The Ritz-Carlton is \among the most majestic five-star hotels in Saudi Arabia.\
The World's Largest Climate Change Summit Starts Today. Here's What's Happening. It is the first annual meeting of the United Nations group since President Donald Trump announced the U.S. would withdraw from the Paris climate deal.
Things That Go Bump In The Night In Saudi Arabia Saturday night was a busy one for Saudi Arabia\u2019s Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. The kingdom\u2019s 32-year-old heir to the
How Trump Can Avoid New Korean War Donald Trump\u2019s 12-day Asia trip threatens to bring war with North Korea closer. Aides say Trump plans to use the trip to
The Middle East As Saudi Arabia reels from Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman\u2019s frontal assault on the kingdom\u2019s elite, indications are that
New Coke Ad About Saudi Women Driving Has People Feeling All Kinds Of Ways The ad features a Saudi dad teaching his daughter how to drive, weeks after the country announced a lifting of the ban on female drivers.
Unimaginable Brutality In Iranian Regime's Prisons Unveiled By An Escaped Ahwazi Political Prisoner Ghazi Haidari is drowning in his own blood. The prominent Ahwazi writer, historian and activist from Arab Ahwaz region in
Here's A List Of Countries And Leaders Trump Has Insulted Since His Election No country is safe, it seems.
What Is The Massive Document Leak Known As The Paradise Papers? Queen Elizabeth II, Bono, Wilbur Ross and Russian billionaires are just some of the people involved.
Catalonia's Deposed Leader Surrenders To Police A Spanish judge issued an arrest warrant for Puigdemont after the independence crisis.
The North Korea Crisis Looms Over Trump's Visit To Japan Sometimes a forgotten player in the crisis, Japan is feeling the weight of the escalating nuclear tensions.
Experts Urge Trump Washington and Pyongyang have engaged in an escalating war of words.
Saudi Arabia Says It Intercepts Missile Close To Capital No casualties were reported.
Lebanese Prime Minister Resigns, Attacking Iran, Hezbollah Saad al-Hariri said he believed there was an assassination plot against him.
Balfour In 1919, following the first World War, the victorious Allied Powers met in Paris to remake the world. The prime ministers
At Least 19 Dead As Typhoon Damrey Sweeps Into Vietnam The storm hit just days ahead of the APEC summit of Asia-Pacific leaders.
Spain Issues Arrest Warrant For Ousted Catalan Leader Puigdemont left for Belgium after Catalonia\u2019s regional government was sacked.
Even France's Far-Right Doesn't Like Trump A new poll shows that French distaste for the American president keeps growing.
U.S. Strikes Target Islamic State Militants In Somalia An official said the strikes were conducted in northeastern Somalia.
ISIS Claims Responsibility For New York City Terror Attack President Donald Trump said the U.S. military was already retaliating.
Self-Determination Is An Inalienable Right The Iraqi Kurds\u2019 referendum that was conducted several weeks ago won an overwhelming majority in favor of independence but
Myanmar's Aung San Suu Kyi Visits Rahkine For First Time Since Thousands Of Rohingya Fled The Nobel Peace Prize winner has faced heavy international criticism for not taking a higher profile in responding to what U.N. officials have called \u201cethnic cleansing\u201d by the army.
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei Says The U.S. Is Iran's 'Number One Enemy' \We will never accept their bullying over the nuclear deal,\u201d Khamenei said.
We Don't Need No Balfour Declarations... Or Celebrations Thinking forward from past to present, I see how the Balfour declarations advanced Jewish nationalism, meaning Zionism. Nevertheless
Memories Of The Future \u201cA historian can record what went wrong, but \u2013 in his feckless and unhelpful way \u2013 he\u2019s not necessarily there to tell them
A German Train Named After Anne Frank Is Causing Controversy \u201cThe combination of Anne Frank and a train evokes associations with the persecution of the Jews and the deportations during the Second World War.\
British Defense Secretary Michael Fallon Resigns Following Allegations Of Harassment He's the first member of Parliament to step down in the midst of a growing sexual harassment scandal in Westminster.
What Next For Kurdistan? Assessing the fallout of September's referendum \disaster.\
Brazilian Cops Are Killing More People Than Ever. Somebody Tell Madonna. The pop star posed in camouflage with Rio de Janeiro police last week amid a police violence epidemic.
How Uzbekistan Became A Hotbed For Violent Extremism And Radicalism The suspect terrorist in the New York terrorist attack is a Uzbek national. It remains unclear how or when he became radicalized.
NATO Chief Calls For UN Sanctions On North Korea For Nuclear Tests North Korea poses \a global threat which requires a global response,\ Jens Stoltenberg said.
Report The blast likely caused tremors and landslides.
'Getting Away With Murder' In Somalia, Where Journalists Are Killed With Impunity Dozens of journalists have been slain in Somalia over the past decade, but none of their killers have been brought to justice.
Company Gives Nonsmokers 6 Days Off For Forgoing Smoking Breaks The new perk is meant to compensate nonsmokers at the Japanese company for the time others spend taking the breaks.
Ousted Catalan Leader Accepts New Election Puigdemont also said he was not seeking asylum in Belgium.
Inside Rukban Camp, One Of Syria\u2019s Most Desperate Settlements 
Catholics And Protestants Mark 500th Anniversary Of Martin Luther's Reformation Centuries later, these two Christian groups are working towards unity.
Long-Lost Salamander Rediscovered In Guatemalan Jungle The \golden wonder\ species had not been seen for more than four decades.
Will Iran Be The Next Regional Nation Torn Apart By Conflict? This brutal 'Persianization' process was doomed to failure from the start.
From America With Love U.S. commandos are a \persistent presence\u201d on Russia\u2019s doorstep.
Spain\u2019s State Prosecutor Calls For Charges Against Catalan Leaders Earlier, Catalan leaders had said they would not accept Spanish authority.
Who Is Viktor Yanukovych And What's His Connection To Paul Manafort? The former Ukrainian president was named in the indictment of Trump's former campaign chair.
10 Lessons We've Learned From AIDS That Can Be Applied To Chronic Diseases Communicable diseases like HIV/AIDS and malaria have taken a terrible toll on Kenya and other African countries over the
Danish Submarine Owner Admits Dismembering Body Of Swedish Journalist He still denies killing her.
Saudi Women Allowed Inside Sports Stadiums In Small Advance For Women\u2019s Rights The country lifted its ban on female drivers last month.
Burmese Expats Must Join The Chorus Of International Outrage Over The Rohingya Humanitarian Crisis As an American civil rights lawyer who was born in Myanmar (or Burma, as I still call it), I watched with horror this summer
Islamist Attack On Somali Hotel Kills At Least 29, Police Say Islamist militants al Shabaab claimed responsibility for this weekend\u2019s attack.
Hundreds Of Thousands March For Unified Spain in Barcelona It's one of the biggest pro-unity rallies amid Catalonia's independence crisis.
Kurdish Leader Barzani Resigns After Independence Referendum Backfires The announcement could set off a new crisis in Iraq.
Mexico Celebrates Day Of The Dead With Tribute To Earthquake Victims \u201cThe parade could be a distraction, a way of escaping,\u201d one parade-goer said.
Balfour Declaration Zionists have long viewed this document as a \u201cpromissory note\u201d giving a Great Power \u201cseal of approval\u201d to their quest to establish a state in Palestine.
Crown Prince Mohammed\u2019s Vow To Moderate Saudi Islam Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman\u2019s recent disavowal of the kingdom\u2019s founding religious ideology had a master\u2019s voice
Deadly Car Bomb Explosions Rock Somali Capital A bomb attack in Mogadishu killed at least 358 people this month.
Spain Just Made History -- Twice. Here's What Went Down, Hour By Hour The government voted to strip Catalonia of its autonomy less than an hour after the region declared independence.
Photos Record A Historic Day As Catalonia Declares Independence From Spain Spain is already fighting back.
Catalonia And The Staggering Failure Of Politics Today was a dark day for Catalonia, Spain, and Europe.
What's Next In Spain And Catalonia's Month Of Political Chaos Catalonia declared independence on Friday. Minutes later, Spain imposed direct rule.
Catalan Parliament Declares Independence From Spain The Spanish government moved to impose direct rule over Catalonia less than an hour later.
UN Rights Chief Calls Humanitarian Situation In Syria 'An Outrage' At least 350,000 trapped Syrians lack access to food and medicine.
UN Report The attack killed dozens of people, including children.
Pope Francis Is All Starry-Eyed Wonder During Call To International Space Station He asked the astronauts, \What are your thoughts regarding the place of man in the universe?\u201d
The Current Conflict In Spain Has A Lot To Do With Economic Failure There is little in the data that would indicate that Spain\u2019s austerity \u201cworked.\u201d
Violence, Protests Mar Kenya's Election Rerun Around 50 people have been killed, mostly by security forces, since the original Aug. 8 vote.
Aerial Images Reveal North Korea's Secret Network Of Prisons And 'Re-Education' Camps A new report sheds light on the regime's \u201csystem of arbitrary detention and severe repression.\u201d
Pope Francis Urges America To Care For Its Dreamers And Immigrants \u201cIf there weren\u2019t people who helped my father when he arrived [in Argentina] ... I would not be here today.\
Catalan Leader Backs Off Calling Regional Election Carles Puigdemont said he had not received enough guarantees that the move would stop Spain imposing direct rule.
A B-Minus For UN Conduct? The world body submits an annual report detailing staff crimes and misconduct -- this year\u2019s results are in.
The Kurds' Bitter Defeat In Iraq Is Now Everyone's Problem In just seven days, the Kurdish dream of independence turned into the stuff of nightmares.
Rohingyas Are Suffering 'On A Catastrophic Scale.' Here's How To Help. More than 600,000 persecuted Muslims have fled Myanmar in just two months.
Kenya Plunges Deeper Into Crisis Ahead Of Tomorrow's Vote Hundreds of supporters of opposition leader Odinga took to the streets.
Qatari Labor Reforms Could Finally End 'Modern Day Slavery' For Migrant Workers The 2022 FIFA World Cup host has achieved a \u201cgenuine breakthrough\u201d for workers, one international labor leader said. Others are less sure.
Trump Celebrates Xi Jinping's 'Extraordinary Elevation.' But Does He Know What It Means? The Chinese president now boasts near-absolute authority.
With Xi Jinping At The Helm, China's Communist Party Unveils New Leadership There is no clear successor among the party's top officials.
The Horrifying Death Of A Syrian Infant Underscores The Brutality Of Assad\u2019s Siege Warfare The Syrian regime is pushing the besieged suburb of eastern Ghouta \to the brink of catastrophe,\ experts warn.
China's Communist Party Elevates Xi Doctrine, Cementing His Power This puts him in the same company as the founder of modern China, Mao Zedong.
U.S. Considers Punishing Myanmar With Sanctions Over Treatment Of Rohingya Muslims \u201cWe are exploring accountability mechanisms available under U.S. law, including Global Magnitsky targeted sanctions.\u201d
U.S. Is Officially The Only Country Besides Syria Not To Support Paris Climate Deal Nicaragua signed on after initially refusing because the targets weren't ambitious enough.
Facing Global Outrage, WHO Revokes Robert Mugabe's Goodwill Ambassador Appointment The Zimbabwean leader served as the health organization's goodwill envoy for just five days.
ISIS Reportedly Killed 128 People In Syrian Town Over 3-Week Period The Syrian army recaptured the town on Saturday.
Russian Radio Journalist Stabbed In Neck Amid Anti-Media Violence \u201cThe amount of aggression directed towards liberal journalists in this country from state media and elsewhere is overwhelming and non-stop.\u201d
Why Hasn't America Done More To Help Puerto Rico? It is deeply shameful that President Trump is not asking the same question.
Japan's Election Sets Up A New Battle Over Its Pacifist Constitution Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is likely to use his win to pursue a bigger role for the military.
Spain's Prime Minister Says He Will Sack Catalonia's Government And Call For Regional Elections Mariano Rajoy said his government had taken this unprecedented decision to restore the law.
Who Is Carles Puigdemont, Leader Of Catalonia's Controversial Independence Movement? The Spanish government has vowed to \sack\ Puigdemont and his government amid rising tensions.
Catalan Leader Says Region Cannot Accept 'Illegal' Control From Madrid It is the first time since Spain's return to democracy that the central government has used its powers to seize control of a regional administration.
Will The U.S. Ever Win The War In Afghanistan? The American consciousness simply has no conception, not even a Trumpian illusion, of what \u201cwinning\u201d looks like.
Knife Attacker Injures 8 In Munich, Police Detain Suspect Authorities said they had \no indication of a terrorist, political, or religious motive.\
Scores Killed In Shootout Near Cairo Egypt is battling an Islamist insurgency concentrated in the Sinai peninsula.
Gulf Crisis Broadens Definitions Of Food Security Food security has taken on a new dimension almost five months into the Gulf crisis that pits a UAE-Saudi alliance against
Oxford Students To Alumna Aung San Suu Kyi Myanmar\u2019s civilian leader is under increasing scrutiny for her failure to address the humanitarian crisis.
Instead Of Risking Nuclear War, U.S. Should Let South Korea Take Over Its Own Defense Policymakers should reconsider Washington\u2019s current strategy, which needlessly risks the lives, wealth and security of Americans.
Why Global Leaders Should Pay Attention To People's Happiness The most established national statistics focus on rational behavior, not how people feel.
There's Still A Lot We Don't Know About The Attack In Niger That Killed 4 U.S. Soldiers How did an ISIS-affiliated cell manage to outgun U.S. Green Berets?
Justin Trudeau Tried To Honor Diwali. Instead He Offended Twitter. Trudeau used an Arabic greeting to commemorate the South Asian holiday.
Congress, Don\u2019t Tamper With The Iran Deal -- Build On It The Trump administration\u2019s approach to the Iran deal is problematic, as it is taken out of the context of the multiple conflicts
Taliban Storm Afghan Military Base, Killing At Least 43 Troops Nine soldiers were wounded in the attack, and six others were reported missing.
Barbuda Barbudan activists say their misery is being exploited in an opportunistic land grab.
Chad Added To Trump's Travel Ban Partly Because It Ran Out Of Passport Paper That is not a joke.
Trump And Netanyahu Walk In Lockstep On Iran We must apply pressure on both Congress and the White House to retain the Iran deal.
From Raqqa To Marawi, Military Campaigns Against ISIS Take A Devastating Toll Though ISIS continues to lose urban territory, airstrikes and fierce urban fighting have left cities of rubble.
Spanish Government Threatens To Impose Direct Rule In Catalonia If Spain's prime minister invokes Article 155 of the 1978 constitution, it would not be fully effective until at least early next week.
Freed Taliban Hostage Caitlan Coleman Reportedly Rushed To Hospital Her husband, Joshua Boyle, did not specify her condition.
Richard Branson Seeks Help In Identifying Conman Involved In Multimillion-Dollar Scam \u201cThis story sounds like it has come straight out of a John le Carre book or a James Bond film, but it is sadly all true.\
Days After Sentencing 3 Ahmadi Muslims To Death, Pakistan Wins UN Human Rights Seat They received the death sentence for \u201cblasphemy.\u201d
Chilling Report Details Myanmar's Horrific Campaign Against Rohingya Minority More than 530,000 Rohingyas have fled the country in less than two months.
Portugal's Year Of Deadly Forest Fires Has Thrown Its Government Into Crisis The blazes have killed over 100 people and raged across nearly 1.3 million acres.
TV Star Launches Bid For Russia's Presidency Ksenia Sobchak denies accusations that her candidacy is part of a plot to help Vladimir Putin.
Let Venezuela Live! As the U.S. government callously watches its own citizens die in Puerto Rico, with the real death toll there currently at
Chinese President Xi Jinping's Climate Change Remarks Sure Seem To Be Aimed At Trump \Any harm we inflict on nature will eventually return to haunt us,\ the Chinese leader said.
North Korea Says Nuclear War 'May Break Out Any Moment' The rhetoric is typical for Pyongyang but adds to an uptick in tensions with the U.S.
U.S. Strikes ISIS In Yemen For The First Time, Killing Dozens Of Militants The terror group has claimed responsibility for a series of attacks in the country since 2015.
The Full Course Argument For Investing In Vaccines Why vaccines are simply one of the best tools to build stronger communities and economies.
ISIS Losing Its 'Capital' Is A Pivotal Defeat For The Terrorist Group U.S.-backed forces have finally retaken the Syrian city of Raqqa.
U.S.-Backed Syrian Militias Take Back Raqqa From ISIS The city was one of the terror group's last remaining strongholds.
Anne Frank Halloween Costume Sparks Internet Controversy Pro tip
The Strength Of Somalis Means Grief For Mogadishu Can Give Way To Hope The appalling attack in Mogadishu on Saturday should remind the world that nearly every horror blighting humanity can be
Wildfires Engulf Spain & Portugal, Killing At Least 30 Authorities were battling more than 200 different blazes.
Iraqi Army Seizes Kirkuk From Kurds Baghdad isn't pleased with the region of Kurdistan's emboldened attempts at independence.
Netanyahu's Government Is Trying To Ban Police Investigations Of Prime Ministers The Israeli leader also happens to be under investigation.
The Semtex President Every few years \u2014 sometimes four, sometimes eight \u2014 America\u2019s political mood swings from one pole to another. It\u2019s a not
Anti-Corruption Blogger Killed By Huge Bomb In Malta Daphne Caruana Galizia was killed on Monday when a powerful bomb blew up her car.
Catalan Leader Fails To Clarify Whether Region Is Declaring Independence Instead, Carles Puigdemont made a \u201csincere and honest\u201d offer for dialogue.
Tropical Storm Ophelia Tears Through Ireland It was the worst storm to hit Ireland in half a century.
Freed Taliban Prisoner Thought Trump Presidency Couldn't Be Real \It didn\u2019t enter my mind that he was being serious,\ Joshua Boyle recalled of the moment a captor told him the news.
Family Stranded In Scotland Rescued By None Other Than The Hogwarts Express \u201cWhen they saw the steam train coming, all sadness left their little faces and was replaced by excitement and fun.\u201d
Austria Shifts To The Right As It Elects A 31-Year-Old Conservative Leader The vote is set to also push the far-right into government.
The Debt Of An Immigrant A month ago, it was the three-year anniversary of leaving my troubled home, Turkey, to settle in Amsterdam. As a gay man
French Army Charter Plane Crashes In Ivory Coast Four Moldovan citizens were killed and two others were injured.
Gunmen Attack Kenyan School, Killing Six Children The assailants remain unidentified.
Refugees Don\u2019t Believe Burundi\u2019s Leader That It\u2019s Safe to Go Home Refugees describe ongoing repression by Burundi\u2019s security forces.
Rescued Canadian Says His Child Was Killed And His Wife Was Raped In Afghanistan Pakistani troops rescued the family this week, nearly five years after their abduction.
Syrian Refugees Return From Lebanon Only To Flee War Yet Again 
Bomb Blasts Kill At Least 300 People In Somalia's Capital The deadliest attack since the Islamist insurgency began in the country.
Governors Gone Wild By Luis G\u00f3mez Romero, University of Wollongong During the colonial period, the Spanish Americas were governed under the 14th
As Trump Bashes Iran Deal, European Leaders Stand Up To Defend It The president has announced he is decertifying the landmark agreement.
Ecuador\u2019s School Food Is Bad For Kids \u2014 And The Environment By Irene Torres, Aarhus University Each year, malnutrition costs Ecuador the equivalent of 4.3% of its gross domestic product
China Pleads With Trump The war of words between Trump and North Korea has continued to escalate.
Kidnapped U.S.-Canadian Couple Rescued From Extremists In Pakistan The Pakistani military rescued the backpackers, who had three children while in captivity.
Cracks Emerge In Rodrigo Duterte's Horrific Philippine Drug War The president has announced a major shift amid growing pressure.
Will The Palestinians Ever Play Their Cards Right? The current efforts to reconcile between the Palestinian Authority (PA) and Hamas will be doomed to fail just like several
Brutal U.N. Report Myanmar security forces are torching homes, crops and villages to prevent Rohingya from returning, the U.N. human rights office said.
One Of The Planet\u2019s Most Powerful Forces For Change? An Adolescent Girl A 10-year-old girl is one of the most powerful people on the planet. She has the potential to shape our entire future.
Rohingya Victims Need Food, Peace And Justice We must not abandon those in need.
Trump's New Strategy In Afghanistan? Drop More Bombs In September, the U.S. Air Force dropped 751 bombs, an increase of nearly 50 percent from the August figure of 503.
Spain Gives Catalans 8 Days To Drop Independence The prime minister's move could deepen the confrontation between Madrid and Catalonia.
This Syrian Toddler Was Named After His Uncle. The War Killed Them Both. \u201cHis siblings are in disbelief over the loss of their baby brother.\
Catalonia It was not a historic session, but rather an eccentric event.
Are We Going To Abandon Kurdistan? A Call From Bernard-Henri L\u00e9vy, Bernard-Kouchner, Salman Rushdie, Adam Michnik... The ill winds of history are blowing again toward Kurdistan. Serious threats have been made by Kurdistan\u2019s powerful neighbors
Climate Change And The Migration Crisis By Robert Glasser and William Lacy Swing* Climate change migration is reaching crisis proportions. Over the last 18 months
U.S. Bombers Fly Over Korean Peninsula In Show Of Force The move comes amid high tensions over North Korea\u2019s nuclear and missile programs.
Gunmen Open Fire On University Convoy In Kenya, Killing 2 A driver and two policemen were also wounded in the attack.
Catalan Leader Backs Down From Declaring Immediate Independence From Spain President Carles Puigdemont requested more time for negotiations.
Ending Child Marriage At the moment, progress in tackling child marriage is painfully slow.
Court Rules TEPCO, Japanese Government Liable For 2011 Fukushima Nuclear Disaster It's the largest class-action lawsuit filed over the 2011 nuclear disaster in the region.
U.S.-Turkish Visa Spat Moves by the United States and Turkey that largely ban travel of their nationals between the two countries is about more
Should Limiting North Korea's Nuclear Ambitions Be The Responsibility Of The U.S. Government? In recent months, advances in the North Korean government\u2019s nuclear weapons program have led to a sharp confrontation between
U.S., Turkey Mutually Suspend Visa Services After Arrest Of Consulate Employee The person was allegedly linked to Fetullah Gulen, the cleric blamed for last year's coup.
International Red Cross To 'Drastically' Cut Operations In Afghanistan After Deadly Attacks At least seven Red Cross workers have been killed in the past year, and another four were abducted.
Malala Yousafzai Nearly Died For Girls\u2019 Education. Today, She Started At Oxford. The women's education activist shared a snapshot of her first day on Twitter.
Anti-Kremlin Protesters Rally Across Russia On Putin's Birthday Over 2,000 people gathered in central Moscow\u2019s Pushkin Square and chanted \u201cRussia will be free\u201d and \u201cRussia without Putin.\u201d
Hundreds Of Thousands Protest Against Catalan Independence In Barcelona The region is divided over a movement to breakaway from Spain.
Kim Jong Un Boasts About North Korea's Nuclear Power He also promoted his sister into a higher position of power within the regime.
Diwali Festival Lights Up New York's Times Square Organizers say the event celebrates light over darkness to promote \love and harmony in a society that feels extremely divided at this moment.\u201d
Irish Dental Clinic Under Investigation After Kids Possibly Treated With Drain Cleaner More than 40 children may have accidentally been given a mixture of drain-cleaning fluid and water at the Ennis clinic.
The Transformation Of Jerusalem The Israeli construct\u2014\u201cGreater Jerusalem\u201d\u2014is a misnomer.
North Korea Really Isn\u2019t China\u2019s Fault, Though Beijing Still Could Do More To Help Chinese officials bemoan their lack of influence over the North, especially its nuclear and missile activities.
Several People Injured In Car Incident Near London Museum Police detained a man at the scene.
Danish Divers Find Missing Body Parts Of Swedish Journalist Kim Wall died in mysterious circumstances on an inventor\u2019s homemade submarine.
We Must Stand With Puerto Rico, With Or Without The White House As a nation, what we\u2019ve seen over the past few weeks is complete havoc wreaked by natural disasters, from Hurricane Harvey
Anti-Nuke Organization ICAN Wins 2017 Nobel Peace Prize The group was honored for its \ground-breaking efforts to achieve a treaty-based prohibition of such weapons.\
News Roundup For October 6, 2017 1. A bombshell New York Times report detailed over three decades-worth of sexual harassment allegations and settled lawsuits
Justin Trudeau Posted A Great Throwback Photo For World Teachers' Day The prime minister reminisced about his time as a schoolteacher in this \gem\ of a picture.
Storm Surge Warnings Issued For Gulf Coast As Tropical Storm Nate Strengthens The storm has already killed 22 people in Central America.
Venezuela Nor can hospitals afford to provide health care. More and more Venezuelans are dying from untreated conditions, especially
\u2018Triple Talaq\u2019 Abolition Is Only The Start Of A Larger Campaign For Gender Justice In India By Zoya Hasan, Jawahawlal Nehru University The egregious practice that some Muslim men employ to divorce their wives instantaneously
Rick Perry Took Chartered Jet Day Before Price Resigned The company declined to answer questions about the cost of the flight.
News Roundup for October 5, 2017 You need some news? 1. Las Vegas Sheriff Joseph Lombardo believes Stephen Paddock had to have had help, he just doesn\u2019t know
Ecuador\u2019s School Food Is Bad For Kids \u2014 And The Environment By Irene Torres, Aarhus University Each year, malnutrition costs Ecuador the equivalent of 4.3% of its gross domestic product
Iraqi Forces Capture Islamic State's Last Stronghold In Northern Iraq ISIS militants continue to control the border town of al-Qaim and the region surrounding it, but the area under their control is shrinking.
Catalonia Plans To Declare Independence From Spain On Monday BARCELONA/MADRID, Oct 4 (Reuters) - Catalonia will move on Monday to declare independence from Spain following Oct. 1\u2032s banned
Argentina, 40 Years Later I am back in Buenos Aires after nearly 40 years. At the time, the country was a dictatorship, an archipelago of torture. For
Germany's Political Center Collapses With the election of President Donald Trump, some political observers anointed German Chancellor Angela Merkel as leader
Australia Offers To Help The U.S. With Gun Law Reform \What we can offer is our experience. But at the end of the day it's going to be up to [U.S.] legislators and lawmakers, and the public, to change the laws.\
News Roundup for October 3, 2017 The news and the blues seem synonymous these days. 1. After days of shortage, fuel has finally arrived in Puerto Rico. The
Iconic Landmarks Go Dark In Honor Of Las Vegas Massacre Victims Even hurricane-ravaged Puerto Rico, currently grappling with a crisis of its own, mourned with the city of Las Vegas.
Fuel Deliveries Finally Start To Arrive In Hurricane-Damaged Puerto Rico Fuel scarcity has been one of the major headaches facing Puerto Rico, which relies on gas shipped from the U.S. mainland.
It\u2019s \u2018Almost Inconceivable\u2019 MH370 Plane Still Missing, Says Final Australian Report The fate of the vanished aircraft and the 239 people on board may never be known.
What Puigdemont Didn't Achieve, Rajoy Gifted Him What Mas, Puigdemont, Junqueras and Romeva hadn\u2019t achieved for years, the government did in just 24 hours.
Jagmeet Singh, Canada\u2019s New Political Star, Hopes To Beat Trudeau At His Own Game The new leader of the left-wing New Democratic Party is Canada\u2019s first non-white head of a major political party.
Massive Pro-Independence Rallies Fill The Streets In Catalonia Metro stations were closed in Barcleona as state workers walked out across Catalonia.
Theresa May Sums Up A Sobering Reality About U.S. Gun Laws \Most people would look at this and assume that people in America would be so shocked by this attack that they would want to take some action,\ she said.
The Most Unbelievable Parts Of The Cuba 'Sonic Attack' Mystery Your guide to the strangest story of the year.
News Roundup for October 2, 2017 This is the news. 1. At least 58 people have been killed, and over 500 more injured in Las Vegas. Authorities are calling
The Brutal Wound Of October 1st No, what happened yesterday in Catalonia was not a referendum. It was a representation of one, in any case
A Sikh Politician Just Became The First Person Of Color To Lead A Major Canadian Political Party Jagmeet Singh is the new leader of Canada's New Democratic Party.
Spain's Harsh Crackdown Draws Worldwide Attention To Catalonia A peaceful independence referendum turned into scenes of chaos.
Catalonia Votes On Independence Despite Police Crackdown Authorities say more than 460 people have been injured.
Tense Referendum Exposes Major Divisions Among Police In Catalonia As Spanish police wielded batons and fired rubber bullets at Catalan voters, the region\u2019s own police force adopted a much gentler approach.
Canadian Police Probing Stabbing And Car Attacks As Terrorism The attacks took place in the city of Edmonton on Saturday night.
Trump Tells Tillerson The president made his comment, where else, on Twitter.
At Least Two Killed In Stabbing At Train Station In Marseille A French soldier shot and killed the attacker.
Women\u2019s Driving Saudi Arabia\u2019s lifting of a ban on women\u2019s driving raises a host of questions that transcend the issue of women\u2019s rights
Apartheid In Hebron Last week, Israel announced that the heart of Hebron would henceforth be a separate municipality directly governed by Israel\u2019s
U.S. Has Direct Lines Of Communication With North Korea, Rex Tillerson Says \We can talk to them. We do talk to them,\ the Secretary of State told reporters.
Threat Of Volcanic Eruption On Bali Forces Nearly 135,000 To Flee Homes More than 1,000 people were killed the last time Mount Agung erupted in 1963.
News Roundup for September 29, 2017 News is here and so is the weekend. Booyah (that\u2019s still a thing?)! 1. Catalonia will hold a referendum vote on October 1st
Tension Mounts Ahead Of Catalonia's Controversial Independence Referendum The autonomous state is set to hold an secession vote on Sunday, which Madrid has deemed \u201cillegal and undemocratic.\u201d
More Than Half A Million Rohingyas Fled Myanmar In A Single Month The United Nations is calling the exodus \a human rights nightmare.\
11 Things To Know About Catalonia\u2019s Confusing Vote On Independence All of Spain is baffled by what's going on.
Frustrated Air Travelers Report Massive System Outages Across The World The issue was related to the passenger booking system that many airlines use.
Puerto Ricans Are Running Out Of Money Because Banks Are Closed The island is mostly still without power.
Europe Germany got its very own electoral shock this week when the far right won 13 percent of the vote in country\u2019s parliamentary
ISIS Releases First Audio Of Leader Abu Bakr Al-Baghdadi In A Year The date of the recording was not clear.
Post-Referendum, Kurds In Northern Iraq Might Be Heading For A Catastrophe Turkey, Iran and Iraq have all threatened retaliation.
The Demise Of Turkey\u2019s Democracy Dear Mr. President, I have been in your country scores of times and developed close and friendly relations with many Turks
Putting Syrians To Work In Jordan Is Easier Said Than Done Despite much fanfare, international and Jordanian policy changes have yet to produce the desired number of formal jobs for
Women's Driving Saudi Arabia\u2019s long-awaited lifting of a ban on women\u2019s driving, widely viewed as a symbol of Saudi misogyny, will likely
The Shame Of Myanmar The continuing campaign to exterminate the Rohingya people in Myanmar summons the memory of Srebrenica. In Srebrenica, U.N
Killings Of Three Teens Prompts Public Scorn Over Duterte's Philippine Drug War Since taking office last summer, the authoritarian president's violent war against drug dealers and users has left at least 7,000 people dead.
Coroner's Report Finds No Clear Evidence Of Torture On Otto Warmbier's Body But the young man's parents say he was \systematically tortured\ by North Korea.
What Merkel's Win Means For Germany's 1 Million Refugees Integration is a long game, and it may take a while before the results of her efforts bear fruit.
Rockets Hit Kabul Airport Shortly After James Mattis Arrives In Afghanistan ISIS claimed responsibility for the incident.
Trump's Explanation For Removing Sudan From His Travel Ban Is Cringeworthy \ud83e\udd14 \ud83e\udd14 \ud83e\udd14
Muslim Surgeon Who Treated Manchester Attack Victims Stabbed In Hate Crime Dr. Nasser Kurdy said he has \totally forgiven\ his assailant.
The Kurds' Historic Vote In Iraq Most Americans alive today have no memory of our country ever changing its borders. And the last time it happened, many Americans
News Roundup for September 26, 2017 Prepare for the news. 1. After immense pressure from activists and celebrities,\u00a0Brazil has reversed their decree that a massive
Top U.S. General Says North Korea's Military Posture Unchanged Amid Tensions Recent threats between Washington and Pyongyang have stirred fears that a miscalculation could lead to action with untold ramifications.
Germany's Election Shows The East And West Are Still Divided The country's far-right party did much better in the region that used to be communist East Germany.
Puerto Rico\u2019s Double Devastation Puerto Rico could not have prepared for natural disasters with failing infrastructure and privatization push.
A Stark Choice For France It was still dark outside when police burst through the door of Amar\u2019s parents\u2019 flat on the outskirts of Paris in the early
For Puerto Rico, The Time Is Now The United States needs to step up to the occasion and stand for the citizenship extended to the people of Puerto Rico 100 years ago.
Saudi Arabia Lifts Ban On Women Driving \I'm full of hope and optimism and joy and very proud today to be a Saudi woman,\ one student told HuffPost.
Angela Merkel's Election Victory Belies Germany's Problem With Gender Inequality It's a reflection of long-standing traditions surrounding the role of women in society.
Kurds Hold Independence Referendum To Split From Iraq The vote is being held amid international warnings and threats to stop it.
Will Reelected Chancellor Merkel\u2019s Government Defend Germany And Europe? Even before becoming president Donald Trump railed against the Europeans\u2019 refusal to spend more on their own defense. Since
The U.S. Should Support A Kurdish State Some believe that the Trump administration will finish off the ISIS caliphate and then withdraw U.S. forces from much of
Before And After Satellite Images Show Hurricane Maria's Destruction Of Dominica The small Caribbean island nation took a direct hit.
Tensions Mount As Iraqi Kurds Vote For Independence The outcome of the referendum is certain, but what happens next is dangerously unknown.
His Country Destroyed By Hurricanes, Dominica PM Implores Climate Change Action \To deny climate change ... is to deny a truth we have just lived.\
North Korea Escalates Rhetoric Against Trump The White House on Monday called the North Korean statements \absurd.\
Germany Votes In National Election As Merkel Eyes Fourth Term Polls show an easy win for the chancellor.
Time To Turn A New Page In North Korea It is the pinnacle of hubris for the world to continue to treat North Korea as if it were an ill child that simply needed
Germany's Far-Right Enters Parliament For First Time Since WW2 The success of the anti-Islam, anti-immigrant AfD party marks a major shift.
Hope For Survivors Dims In Mexico 6 Days After The Earthquake The disaster killed over 300 people and toppled dozens of buildings.
Angela Merkel Wins Fourth Term As Chancellor In German Election But the far-right manages to make big gains.
Iran Tests New Missile After U.S. Criticizes Its Arms Program Tehran said the Khorramshahr missile could carry several warheads.
North Korea Says Rockets To U.S. \u2018Inevitable\u2019 After Trump Dubs Kim \u2018Rocket Man\u2019 \We are finally only a few steps away from the final gate of completion of the state nuclear force,\u201d said North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho.
6 Injured In Suspected Acid Attack Near Mall In East London Police said \a group of males\ were reportedly spraying a \noxious substance.
New Earthquake Spreads Alarm, Sends Mexicans Into Streets At least 384 people in Mexico have died from earthquakes this month.
Teenager Charged Over London Tube Attack Appears In Court The 18-year-old man came to Britain after his parents were killed in Iraq.
Iran Snubs Trump's Demands And Vows To Strengthen Its Military, Missile Capabilities \We will not seek permission from anyone to defend our country.\
London Set To Lose Uber After Officials Pull Company's License The city says the ride-share app has demonstrated a \lack of corporate responsibility.\
News Roundup for September 22, 2017 You know how they say \u201cno news is good news\u201d? Well, all this news is bad news. 1. Kim Jong Un has labeled Donald Trump \u2018deranged
The Rohingya And The Responsibility To Ignore Human rights figure rather low on the Trump administration\u2019s priorities.
Mexicans Turn To Their Faith As Country Recovers From Earthquake In Mexico City, Catholics attended an outdoor Mass to mourn loved ones.
Syrian Opposition Activist And Her Daughter Murdered In Istanbul Turkish media reports said Orouba Barakat was investigating alleged torture in prisons run by the Syrian government.
The Mexico Earthquake Taught Me Strangers Can Be Wonderful People I\u2019ve been living in this city for 22 years and have never seen anything like this.
What You Need To Know About North Korea\u2019s Threat To Detonate An H-Bomb In The Pacific The consequences could be devastating, experts warn.
The U.S. Has High Stakes For A Peaceful Outcome In Myanmar The U.S. can play a more engaged role in this unfolding situation. While this week\u2019s announcement of a $32 million aid package
In The Caribbean, Colonialism And Inequality Mean Hurricanes Hit Harder By Levi Gahman and Gabrielle Thongs, The University of the West Indies
At Least 25 Dead After Hurricane Maria Hits Puerto Rico And Caribbean Maria was the second major hurricane to hit the Caribbean this month and the strongest storm to hit the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico in nearly 90 years.
Russian Submarines Reportedly Fire Missiles At Militant Targets In Syria The submarines reportedly launched the missiles from the Mediterranean Sea.
Afghanistan Peace will not come from outside the borders; it must arise from inside the villages of Afghanistan itself.
'Islam Is Not A Problem To Be Solved' An important group is rarely asked about the topic of Islam in Germany
Now I Know What Fear Is Everywhere I looked on my way home, someone was asking for help.
News Roundup for September 21, 2017 News it up, fam. 1. Paul Manafort allegedly offered to give private briefings on the 2016 U.S. presidential campaign to Russian
France's Far-Right Fractures As Le Pen's Right-Hand Man Ousted Florian Philippot has quit the National Front amid a split in the party.
Trump Orders New Sanctions To Tighten Screws On North Korea Asked ahead of a lunch meeting with the leaders of Japan and South Korea if diplomacy was still possible, Trump nodded his head and said, \u201cWhy not?\u201d
The United Nations Must Help Prevent Future Atrocities Let us make sure that no new names are added to the list of the worst atrocities of modern times.
Dominica Leader Weeps For His Country In Wake Of Deadly Hurricane \u201cWe\u2019ve never seen such destruction,\ said Prime Minister Roosevelt Skerrit.
Kim Vows To Tame 'Mentally Deranged' Trump As North Korea Threatens H-Bomb Test \u201cI will surely and definitely tame the mentally deranged U.S. dotard with fire.\u201d
How Germany's Far-Right Party Managed To Mainstream Its Radical Views Alternative for Germany could win dozens of seats in parliament this Sunday.
Time Is Running Out For Buried Survivors Of Central Mexico Earthquake Some 52 buildings collapsed in the capital alone, with more in the surrounding states.
Iceland's 'Pirate' Politician Won't Run After Government Collapses In Pedophilia Scandal Birgitta J\u00f3nsd\u00f3ttir became Iceland's most famous parliamentarian after challenging the U.S. with WikiLeaks in 2010.
The U.S. Is Giving $32 Million To Assist Rohingya Refugees It's the Trump administration's first show of support for the persecuted minority.
Trump's Threat To 'Destroy' North Korea Is Wrong The German Chancellor said any form of military solution would be \totally inappropriate.\
Harrowing Videos Show The Moments An Earthquake Struck Mexico A primary school and a major university were among the buildings destroyed.
Mexico's Earthquake Triggered A Deadly Collapse At A Primary School Rescuers have spent days searching for survivors.
Aung San Suu Kyi's Speech On The Rohingya Crisis Was Unworthy Of Her Nobel Peace Prize Imagine there were an ongoing humanitarian crisis \u2014 one approaching genocide \u2014 and a Nobel Peace Prize recipient repeatedly
A Call To Action On Accelerated Implementation Of The Sustainable Development Goals The SDGs agenda is not just for governments.
Trump To African Leaders He also praised Africa's non-existent nation of Nambia.
Aung San Suu Kyi Condemns Human Rights Violations In Myanmar, But Fails To Address UN Accusations The Nobel Peace laureate\u2019s remarks came in her first address to the nation since a military operation forced 410,000 Rohingya to flee the country.
Powerful Earthquake Kills Hundreds In Central Mexico Hundreds of volunteers and rescue workers have been searching through rubble for survivors.
Photos Show Destruction And Scramble For Survivors After Deadly Mexico Earthquake Another quake less than two weeks ago killed 100 people in the country.
Aung San Suu Ki To Address Myanmar Crisis She serves as the de facto leader of Myanmar and its foreign minister.
Trump\u2019s Chaos Produces Results A cornerstone of the Trump administration\u2019s approach to Israeli-Palestinian peace, involving a restructuring of relations
News Roundup for September 19, 2017 The news is grim today. 1. The United States and South Korea have discussed reintroducing tactical nuclear weapons in South
Satellite Imagery Shows Entire Rohingya Villages Destroyed More than 200 villages have been burnt to the ground.
Attack On North Korea Could Spare Allies, Secretary Mattis Says. Analysts Aren't So Sure. \u201cI don\u2019t know what plan would not put Seoul at risk,\ said one expert about military options.
Measles Outbreak In Italy While There\u2019s A Party In The USA Measles is a highly transmissible disease. In fact, 90-95\u00a0percent of people must be vaccinated in order to protect the entire
Is Aung San Suu Kyi In Denial? UNITED NATIONS \u2013 Aung San Suu Kyi, the Nobel laureate kept under house arrest for 15 years, refused to acknowledge ethnic
North Korea's Nuclear Threat Sparks Military Drills In Korean Peninsula The flurry of drills came after Pyongyang fired another mid-range ballistic missile over Japan last Friday.
Germany's Far-Right Party Set To Enter Parliament For The First Time The Alternative for Germany party, or AfD, shows how right wing populism is alive and well in Europe.
Caught Between Police And Gangs, Rio de Janeiro Residents Are Dying In The Line Of Fire By Robert Muggah, Pontifical Catholic University of Rio de Janeiro (PUC-Rio) In Rio de Janeiro, where murder rates this year
News Roundup for September 18, 2017 There are things going on in the world. Here\u2019s some you should know. 1. Hurricane Maria is following Irma\u2019s path and is forecast
Burma's Developing Democracy Imperiled By Brutal Persecution Of Rohingya People Many have fled to neighboring Bangladesh.
\u2018Triple Talaq\u2019 Abolition Is Only The Start Of A Larger Campaign For Gender Justice In India The egregious practice that some Muslim men employ to divorce their wives instantaneously and without their consent, merely
China And India The way they settled their latest dispute, at least for now, provides a welcome respite.
As Rohingyas Flee Myanmar, India Needs To Drop Religious Criteria In Its Refugee Law By Nafees Ahmad, South Asian University More than 90,000 Rohingyas, victims of a new surge of violence in Myanmar, are fleeing
UN Council Dips Toe Into Myanmar Crisis The threat from North Korea will be the topic number one at the United Nations General Assembly this week. But there is an
Photo Of Rohingya Woman Mourning Her Dead Infant Underscores Worsening Crisis The family was forced to flee from Myanmar to Bangladesh amid ongoing violence.
Our Men And Women In Havana It would be a serious blunder to cut ties with Cuba again without good cause.
Iceland\u2019s Government Just Collapsed Amid A Pedophilia Scandal Meanwhile, Brexit is destabilizing the region, Donald Trump is rattling NATO and China is flexing its muscles.
Hamas Says It's Ready To Hand Gaza Over To Palestinian Unity Government The Islamist group has ruled Gaza since 2007.
Student Entrepreneurs Awarded $1 Million To Empower Refugees In South Asia The Roshni Rides team wants to provide affordable and accessible transportation options to urbanized refugees.
Four American Tourists Attacked With Acid At Train Station In France A woman was arrested following the attack, which is not believed to be terror-related.
Rohingya Muslims Beg Myanmar Authorities For Safe Passage \u201cWe\u2019re terrified. We\u2019ll starve soon and they\u2019re threatening to burn down our houses,\u201d one villager told Reuters.
Tunisia Just Took A Big Step Forward On Muslim Women's Rights A new law allows Muslim women to marry outside the faith, just like their male counterparts.
The House That Bibi Built For half of the past two decades Benjamin \u201cBibi\u201d Netanyahu has served as Prime Minister of Israel. Whatever his ultimate
Second Man Arrested Over London Train Bombing The attack injured 30 people and put Britain on high alert.
Aunt V, The World's Oldest Person, Dies In Jamaica At 117 Violet Mosse-Brown, aka Aunt V, said her secrets to long life were hard work and faith.
News Roundup for September 15, 2017 It\u2019s not happy stuff, but you should know... 1.\u00a0At least 22 people have been injured in a suspected terror attack in London
UK Officials Say Trump's 'Speculation' On London Tube Attack Is 'Unhelpful' \I'm not going to go there,\ London Mayor Sadiq Khan said.
Women In Nepal Are Turning To Pharmacies For Clandestine Abortions In Nepal, many women still turn to clandestine abortions \u2013 via pills sold at pharmacies \u2013 rather than visiting doctors for
Answering Some Burning Questions About Arctic Wildfire Climate change is leading to bigger, more frequent wildfires in the North American Arctic. These fires will have wide-ranging
Looking For Democracy In Syria's Idlib After being forced to flee eastern Aleppo in December, Wissam Zarqa moved to Idlib. Although the insurgent-held province
Explosion Rocks London Tube Station, Sending Commuters Into Panic Police were investigating the incident as terror.
Fire At Islamic School In Malaysia Kills At Least 23, Mostly Teens The blaze was one of the worst fires in Malaysia in the past two decades.
German Far-Right Leader Accused Of Illegally Hiring Syrian Refugee Anti-immigrant politician Alice Weidel is under fire after a new report in a German newspaper.
North Korea Fires Another Missile Over Japan As Tensions Mount The latest provocation comes days after the U.N. Security Council passed the toughest sanctions on Pyongyang to date.
North Korea Threatens To Use Nuclear Weapons On Japan, U.S. For Supporting Sanctions The Korea Asia-Pacific Peace Committee also called for the breakup of the UN Security Council.
Germany Has 3 Coalition Options After The Election \u2014 And All Could Be Detrimental Angela Merkel will almost certainly remain chancellor. The uncertainty is in how her center-right party will lead the country, and with whom.
Venezuela Tells Citizens To Beat Hunger By Breeding Rabbits \u201cThere is a cultural problem because we have been taught that rabbits are cute pets,\u201d the country's agricultural minister admits.
News Roundup for September 13, 2017 Here comes the news again. 1. Congress has sent Trump legislation which condemns white supremacy in an attempt to force his
Rohingya Crisis Has Created More Than 200,000 Child Refugees, UNICEF Warns \Children are at the heart of this crisis.\
North Korea's Latest Nuclear Test May Have Been Twice As Powerful As Previously Reported Analysts believe it was 17 times as strong as the bomb that fell on Hiroshima.
Myanmar's Suu Kyi To Skip UN General Assembly Amid Outrage Over Rohingya Crisis Hundreds of thousands of minority Muslims have fled Myanmar in recent weeks.
In The Name Of Security, Advocates Are Kept Out Of The United Nations By Emily Bove, Executive Director of Women Thrive Alliance and M\u00f3nica de Pinto Ribeiro Hancke, Advocacy Manager at Women
Israel Supreme Court Rules Ultra-Orthodox Shouldn't Be Exempt From Military Service The decision is sure to spark tensions between the country's strictly Orthodox and secular Jewish communities.
Report Trump is expected to set broad strategic objectives and goals for U.S. policy but leave it to U.S. military commanders, diplomats and other U.S. officials to implement the plan.
Singapore's First Female President Will Be A Hijab-Wearing Muslim Woman Halimah Yacob is a trailblazer, but some Singaporeans are unhappy about the electoral process.
Iran Strikes Deal With Syria To Repair Power Grid Shunned by Western powers, the Syrian government is looking to friendly states to play a major role in rebuilding the country.
North Korea Wants To Be Seen And Heard After UN Sanctions UNITED NATIONS \u2013 U.S. Ambassador Nikki Haley succeeded in getting another UN Security Council sanctions resolution adopted
Aerial Before And After Photos Reveal Sobering Extent Of Irma's Devastation In The Caribbean Hurricane Irma killed dozens of people and left thousands homeless on its path toward Florida.
The Tragedy Of Brexit As someone who lives half in New York and half in the UK, I have watched with equal horror the arrival of Donald Trump in
Massive Protests In French Cities Against President's Labor Reform Emmanuel Macron's attempts at altering labor laws is hitting a nerve.
Myanmar Crisis Reaches Alarming New High Almost 400,000 Rohingya refugees have fled in the last two weeks.
Dalai Lama The Tibetan spiritual leader made his comments as hundreds of thousands of refugees are fleeing Buddhist-majority Myanmar.
North Korea Rejects 'Illegal And Unlawful' UN Sanctions The Security Council unanimously stepped up sanctions over the country\u2019s sixth and most powerful nuclear test.
Caribbean Faces Brutal Road To Recovery After Irma's Ravages The storm killed at least 28 people across the region.
London Deploys The 'Talon' To Thwart Car-Ramming Attacks Vehicular attacks have killed over 100 people across Europe in recent years.
Hundreds Of Thousands Rally For Catalan Independence From Spain The massive rally filled the streets of central Barcelona.
United Nations Passes New Sanctions Against North Korea The penalties fall short of those requested by the Trump administration, however.
Uncontacted Tribe Allegedly Killed By Gold Miners In Brazil The miners reportedly bragged about the slaughter.
'Textbook Example Of Ethnic Cleansing' Taking Place Right Now In Myanmar, UN Warns Violence in Myanmar has prompted more than 270,000 people to flee into Bangladesh. More are trapped on the border.
Pope's Sense Of Humor Intact After Minor Popemobile Accident In Colombia \u201cI was punched. I\u2018m fine,\ he joked with bruises visible on his face.
North Korea Holds Huge Celebration For Its Nuclear Scientists Pyongyang carried out its largest nuclear test ever last week.
Death Toll From Powerful Mexico Earthquake Rises To 91 The 8.1 magnitude earthquake struck off the coast of Chiapas on Thursday.
Over 500 Dead In Congo As Cholera Epidemic Spreads The WHO sent a team of experts to Congo this month to try and stop the disease's spread.
Sikh Canadian Politician Brilliantly Foils Racist Woman During Event Instead of getting upset, Jagmeet Singh led the crowd in a chant of his campaign slogan, \Love and courage.\
Archaeologists In Egypt Unearth 3,500-Year-Old Tomb Egyptian archaeologists discovered  statues, mummies and jewelry in the tomb of a prominent goldsmith who lived around 15th century B.C.
The Global Community Must Save The Rohingyas From Extinction The largely Muslim ethnic group is being decimated in Myanmar. When will the world respond appropriately?
Yellow Fever Outbreak In Brazil Has Ended With 261 Deaths While an outbreak is not expected next year, the Ministry of Health will produce 10 million more doses of the vaccine each month as a precaution.
Chile\u2019s Troubling Move Against Privacy Last week, the rights group Derechos Digitales released the text of a worrying draft decree, signed by President Michelle
Photos Show Destruction From Mexico's Strongest Earthquake In Decades The 8.1-magnitude quake killed dozens of people and triggered a small tsunami.
In Syria\u2019s War, \u2018Mental Health Is The Last Priority\u2019 Zaher Sahloul, a physician with the Syrian American Medical Society (SAMS), discusses the state of mental healthcare in Syria
How My Refugee Childhood Made Me Determined To Defeat Disease Growing up in a refugee camp, Sayah Bogor saw that disease can be as deadly as war. It set her on a path of scientific study
With Thousands Of Syrians Trapped In Raqqa, A Single Hospital Remains The poorly equipped and thinly staffed facility is inaccessible to most of the population.
As I Prepare To Hunker Down For Hurricane Irma, Here's My Letter From Her Target Here's what I'm seeing on the ground.
Major Earthquake Strikes Off Southern Coast Of Mexico, Killing Dozens At least 60 died in the most powerful earthquake to hit Mexico in over eight decades.
Number Of Rohingya Refugees Fleeing Violence In Myanmar Surges To 270,000 In Just 2 Weeks \u201cThe numbers are so alarming - it really means that we have to step up our response and that the situation in Myanmar has to be addressed urgently.\u201d
News Roundup for September 7, 2017 Welcome to the horrible world of the news. 1. Hurricane Irma is causing mass destruction in the Caribbean. Ninety-five percent
The U.S. Has To Accept North Korea As A Nuclear Power And we must rely on nuclear deterrence while normalizing relations in the process.
Iranian-Syrian World Cup Qualifier Ripples Far Beyond The Pitch By James M. Dorsey A nail-biting Iranian-Syrian World Cup qualifier has sent political ripples far beyond the Azadi Stadium\u2019s
The Trump Sanctions Against Venezuela At the end of August, the Trump administration imposed harsh sanctions on Venezuela that prevent the country from borrowing
Airstrike Hits Facility Reportedly Tied To Syrian Chemical Weapons Program Syria's army blamed Israel for the attack. Israel wouldn't comment on the report.
'Going Back To Mexico Would Be Like Returning To Nothing' Mexican immigrants living in Utah, Nevada and New York say they feel let down by Trump\u2019s decision, but fear of deportation forces them to take action.
Aid Convoy Finally Reaches Syrian Town After 3-Year Siege With ISIS The United Nations has estimated that 93,000 civilians were living under IS siege in Deir al-Zor in \u201cextremely difficult\u201d conditions.
Russian President Vladimir Putin also said President Trump was making an effort to defuse tensions with Pyongyang.
Teenage Pro Surfer Reportedly Killed Catching Hurricane Irma's Waves In Barbados Zander Venezia, 16, died Tuesday shortly after catching what he'd called \the best wave of my life.\
Elusive Monkey With \u2018Beatles-Style' Moptop Seen For The First Time In 80 Years Primatologist Laura Marsh said she burst into tears when she first caught a glimpse of the Vanzolini bald-faced saki monkey in the Amazon.
Is There Such A Thing As A 'Post-Western World'? The West is in relative decline, especially compared to Asia, but no obvious alternative \system\ has emerged.
Massive Protests Call For An End To Togo's 50-Year Political Dynasty The opposition chief has called for the president to resign.
Despite Trump's Digs, Seoul Is Aggressively Trying To Deter North Korea \It undermines an ally's confidence and it really gives aid and sustenance to North Korea,\ an expert said of the president's latest comments.
Egyptian Prisoners Endure 'Assembly Line' Of Torture, Investigation Finds President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi has effectively given authorities \u201ca green light\u201d to use torture \u201cwhenever they please,\u201d Human Rights Watch reports.
North Korea Promises 'More Gift Packages' For U.S. \u201cThe U.S. will receive more \u2018gift packages\u2019 ... as long as it relies on reckless provocations and futile attempts to put pressure on the DPRK.\
When Government Power Goes Unchecked Human rights defenders in Guatemala know this first hand and stand up against such power. We in the U.S. must stand alongside them, for their sake and for ours.
Syrian Government Used Chemical Weapons Dozens Of Times On Own Citizens, UN Investigators Report The Assad government has repeatedly denied using chemical weapons.
Who Is Really In Control In Mogadishu? The presidency of Somalia\u2019s Mohamed Abdullahi Farmaajo is only eight months old but already his administration faces its
A Struggling Haiti Scrambles To Prepare For Hurricane Irma Barreling through the Caribbean, the \u201cextremely dangerous\u201d core of Irma was predicted to strike northern Haiti.
Report The rocket started moving on Monday, a day after North Korea\u2019s sixth nuclear test.
South Korea Has Most At Stake In North Korea Crisis, But Remains Bit Player Compared To US The North\u2019s Kim Jong-un has moved both America and the South into a new, less certain world.
Trump Is 'Not My Bride,' Putin Says At Economic Summit \I am neither his bride nor bridegroom,\ the Russian leader adds at the 5-nation meeting in China.
Afghanistan The U.S. needs to get out of Afghanistan for good and end its other primarily air wars in Muslim countries.
The Risk Of Nuclear War With North Korea Is Exaggerated Neither the North nor South wants to see their country decimated, and superpower neighbors like Russia and China don\u2019t want a conflict with the U.S. on their borders.
Boko Haram Killings Doubled In Past 5 Months, Amnesty International Reports The Islamist militant group has killed more than 380 civilians in Nigeria and Cameroon since April.
Violence In Myanmar Forces Nearly 125,000 Rohingya To Flee The exodus appears far from over.
Myanmar's Aung San Suu Kyi Dismisses Horrific Abuse Of Rohingyas As 'Misinformation' The Nobel laureate has declined to condemn violence against Rohingya Muslims.
North Korea Vows 'More Gift Packages' To U.S. \u201cThe U.S. will receive more \u2018gift packages\u2019 from my country as long as it relies on reckless provocations.\
Get NATO's Nukes Out of Turkey Even in this contentious era, one proposition still enjoys near-universal support
Malala Has Powerful Message For Myanmar Leader Malala Yousafzai said the \world is waiting\ for Aung San Suu Kyi to stand up for the persecuted minority.
2 North Korean Scientists Take Center Stage After Nuclear Test Meet the scientists at the frontline of Kim Jong Un's nuclear ambitions
U.S. Pushes Security Council For New North Korea Sanctions \Our country\u2019s patience is not unlimited. We will defend our allies and our territory,\u201d U.S. Ambassador Haley said.
South Korea Warns That North May Launch More Missiles Seoul said it is talking to the U.S. about deploying aircraft carriers and strategic bombers to the peninsula.
Hurricane Irma Strengthens To Category 5 Storm Irma is expected to reach southern Florida on Saturday.
The Gulf Crisis In the three-month-old Gulf crisis, nothing is too expensive or too down and dirty when it comes to buying influence, garnering
Report The quake, which measured at 6.3, comes just after news broke of a North Korean hydrogen bomb.
North Korea Conducts Its Most Powerful Nuclear Test To Date The country claimed it successfully detonated a hydrogen bomb, causing a magnitude 6.3 earthquake.
More Than 70,000 Rohingya Flee Myanmar After Fresh Violence Myanmar's leader, Nobel Peace Prize Winner Aung San Suu Kyi, is facing fierce criticism for not speaking out for the minority.
North Korea Claims To Have Built An Advanced Hydrogen Bomb Leader Kim Jong Un inspected the bomb, which can be mounted to an intercontinental ballistic missile.
Four Things I Learned From Hurricane Harvey Trying times revealed the best of us.
The Strategy Palestinians Need To Develop A grassroots movement sympathetic to Palestinian plight must deftly navigate Washington to advance its cause.
Rohingya Muslims Flee As More Than 2,600 Houses Burned In Myanmar's Rakhine About 58,600 Rohingya have crossed into neighboring Bangladesh.
Colombian Guerrilla Group Admits To Killing Russian-Armenian Hostage The ELN says Arsen Voskanyan was killed during an attempt to flee the group's custody.
Analysis Since the start of the Syrian conflict, Lebanon\u2019s government has officially adopted a policy of \u2018disassociation\u2019 toward the
Here's What The Houston Democratic Socialists Are Doing To Respond To Harvey Rebuilding our community will require focused collaboration.
Nunavut\u2019s Capital Aims To Curb Alcoholism By Liberalizing Access Opening a beer and wine store isn\u2019t an obvious approach to addressing a community\u2019s devastating relationship with drinking
As Lebanon, Jordan, Tunisia End \u2018Marry-Your-Rapist\u2019 Laws, Where Next? Activists are hopeful that other countries will follow Lebanon, Jordan and Tunisia in abolishing the laws that let rapists
EU Countries Fall Way Short Of Meeting Refugee Relocation Goals Meanwhile, hundreds of thousands of people remain in limbo.
The United States And Britain Must Claim Part-Ownership Of Yemeni Strife Both countries have lent their support to forces that have destabilized the region and violated human rights.
Frankfurt To Evacuate Thousands As Huge WWII Bomb Is Defused An uncontrolled explosion of the bomb could flatten a city block, Frankfurt's fire chief warned.
Kenya Supreme Court Rules Presidential Election Invalid Due To Irregularities A new election must be held within 60 days.
Bodies Wash Ashore After Boat Carrying Fleeing Rohingya Women, Children Capsizes Around 20,000 Rohingya are still stranded in no man\u2019s land between Myanmar and Bangladesh.
As The U.S. Reels From Harvey, Deadly Floods Ravage Other Parts Of The World Flooding has killed thousands of people in Asia and Africa during the month of August alone.
Building Collapse After Torrential Rains Kills At Least 21 In Mumbai There are fears that more are trapped in the rubble.
The Rise Of War Poetry In Afghanistan \When people are surrounded by war, they are compelled to channel their feelings into writing.\
Cultural Inequity & Teen Pregnancy in Latin America (Co-Authored with Beth Doane) I was recently chatting with my good friend Beth Doane about her recent experience at TEDGlobal
U.S.-Somali Raid Kills 10 Civilians, Officials Say The raid was carried out under the expanded powers that  President Trump granted to U.S. troops in Somalia in March.
Women Are Opening Their Own Businesses In Afghanistan, Whether Men Like It Or Not In a shop, at a restaurant -- it's not just a man's world in the workplace.
Afghan Students Who Studied Abroad Are Hit With Reverse Culture Shock It's a growing problem for the elite who experience a wider world in college.
Afghanistan's First Female-Run Travel Agency Is Helping Women Go Global The adventure isn't just women in business. It's change, education and acceptance, too.
Despite The Backlash, Women Take The Wheel In Afghanistan \At first, my husband refused to let me drive, and I had to fight to convince him.\
Nothing Can Stop This Afghan Super Mom From Providing For Her Family Often as she works, one son helps chop wood while her other children study.
Photos Show The Reality Of Women's Lives In Rural Afghanistan Hardships and yet smiles.
Sahar Speaks Through stories, photos and videos, the female perspective unfolds.
How Muslims Are Observing Eid Al-Adha, The Feast Of Sacrifice This year, CAIR urged U.S. Muslims to donate their Eid sacrifice equivalent to Harvey relief.
A Look At Mecca, Islam's Holiest Site, At The Height Of The Hajj Pilgrimage Roughly 2 million Muslims were expected to go on Hajj this year.
Being A Female Police Officer In Afghanistan Can Be Dangerous. But Here They Are. There are only about 3,000 policewomen in the entire country.
Note To Trump Economic investment -- not military might -- will uplift the nation overrun with violence and corruption.
North Korea Missile Launches Leave For A Short Reaction Window Experts say missiles trigger a rapid race to determine where a rocket is headed and how to best respond.
North Korea Says Missile Test Was Threat For Guam Kim Jong Un said the test was necessary to undertake more exercises with the Pacific as the target.
Historic Day For Women In Lebanon As Parliament Repeals Rape Law Cross posted from UN Women. Ending violence against women is one of UN Women\u2019s key priorities. \u201cTo live a life free of violence
Sierra Leone Mudslides Cross posted from UN Women. Following heavy rains on 14 August, mudslides have left more than 400 people dead and an estimated
Kremlin \This is not our job, we left this matter without a response.\
UN Condemns North Korea's 'Outrageous' Firing Of Ballistic Missile Over Japan No new sanctions were announced, though.
18,000 Rohingya Muslims, Many Sick Or Injured, Flee Violence In Myanmar \u201cThey are in a very, very desperate condition.\
Variations On A Theme A three-month old crisis in the Gulf that has pitted Qatar against an alliance led by the UAE and Saudi Arabia has settled
Why U.S. Allies In The Middle East Should Be Alarmed By North Korea North Korea\u2019s latest ballistic missile launches remind us that this remains a crisis the Trump administration is forced to
Inflating The Russian Threat U.S. media are exaggerating the military threat posed by the Kremlin.
Trump Says 'All Options Are On The Table' On North Korea \u201cThis regime has signaled its contempt for its neighbors.\
South Korea Explores Possible Military Option After North Korea Missile Military officers agreed with top U.S officials to make a strong response.
South Koreans Are Surprisingly Unfazed By Surging Nuclear Tensions \u201cBecause Kim Jong Un keeps launching missiles, I just think
Thousands Flee Myanmar After Days Of Surging Violence \u201cEverything is on fire,\u201d one villager said.
North Korean Missile Passes Over Northern Japan, Government Says Japan's J-Alert warning system advised people in the area to take precautions.
Self-Styled Indian 'Godman' Gets 20 Years In Jail For Rape Of 2 Women Dozens died last week after thousands came out to protest the conviction.
German Police Raid Homes Of Suspects Plotting To Kill Leftist Politicians One of the suspects was a policeman.
Doubling Down On Doklam By Angel Sharma China and India are gearing up for what could be a global showdown to test each other\u2019s strength as the leading
Venezuela Holds Nationwide Armed Forces Exercises After Trump Threat Trump warned that a \u201cmilitary option\u201d was on the table for the crisis-hit country.
Thousands Flee Myanmar As Fresh Violence Claims At Least 104 Lives Bracing for more violence, thousands of Rohingya - mostly women and children - attempted to forge the Naf river separating Myanmar and Bangladesh and the land border.
Iraqi Military Says It's Taken Most Of ISIS Stronghold In Country's Northwest Retaking Tal Afar was the latest objective in the U.S.-backed war on ISIS following the recapture in July of Mosul.
At Least 38 Dead From Riots Following Indian Guru's Rape Conviction India deployed thousands of riot police and shut down internet services in two northern states in preparation for his sentencing.
What Trump And Netanyahu Have In Common It bears repeating that the challenges confronting Trump and Netanyahu are legal and not political.
Pakistan\u2019s Security Issues By James M. Dorsey Remarks at ISAS Panel Discussion
Service Member Missing After U.S. Black Hawk Helicopter Crashes Off Yemen Five other service members aboard the aircraft had been rescued after the crash.
British Police Detain Man With Knife Outside Buckingham Palace The man was arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm and assault on police.
Train Passengers Defend Elderly Asian Couple From Racist Tirade \u201cI\u2019m so glad that there were so many people who stood up against this kind of hate,\u201d a witness said.
A Mother\u2019s Loss In The Coalition\u2019s Battle For Raqqa Umm Omar had not seen her youngest son, Ali, in three years before he was killed by a U.S.-led coalition airstrike on Raqqa
NASA Puts A Laser Focus On The Melting Arctic Ocean Scientists with NASA\u2019s Operation IceBridge are shooting green lasers into the Arctic Ocean\u2019s melt ponds to better understand
Indian Rape Conviction Leads To Massive Clashes, Dozens Of Deaths Celebrated spiritual leader Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh was said to have raped two women in 2002. His supporters maintain his innocence.
North Korea Launches Short Range Ballistic Missiles Into Sea The launch comes as the U.S. and South Korea engage in a joint military exercise despised by Pyongyang.
Airstrikes Hit Outskirts Of Yemen Capital, Killing 12 People Including 6 Children People at the scene said the warplanes were believed to be from a Saudi-led Arab coalition waging a campaign against the Houthi movement.
Typhoon Hato Leaves Deadly Trail Of Destruction In Hong Kong And Macau The tropical storm killed at least 16 people across China's southeastern coast.
Why ISIS Keeps Putting Children In Its Propaganda A video this week of a purportedly American child soldier is just the latest to feature kids.
North Korea Signals It Has A More Powerful ICBM In The Works If developed, such a missile could possibly reach any place on the U.S. mainland, including Washington and New York.
Dozens Reportedly Killed After Airstrike Hits Hotel Near Yemeni Capital It's unknown who was behind the attack.
As Socialism Destroys Venezuela, Only Its People, Not U.S. Military, Can Restore Democracy President Donald Trump has turned into the warmonger he criticized when running against Hillary Clinton. He just announced
Invading Venezuela Is A Terrible Idea Trump and Pence no doubt mean well, because the situation in Venezuela is grave.
Trump\u2019s 'New' Strategy In Afghanistan Is Doomed To Fail President Trump\u2019s new strategy that would presumably win the war against the Taliban in Afghanistan is doomed to fail, just
Trump\u2019s Plan To Kill The Iran Deal? Outsourcing It\u2019s no coincidence that those advocating the so-called 'middle ground' approach have also been pushing for war with Iran.
Egypt Cancels Kushner Meeting With Minister After U.S. Pulls Aid The U.S.'s decision reflects a desire to continue security cooperation as well as frustration with Cairo\u2019s stance on civil liberties.
Report Officials are investigating whether the diplomats were targets of some form of sonic attack directed at their homes.
North Korea Presses Rocket Program, But There Are Signs Of Tensions Easing North Korea has conducted two nuclear tests and dozens of missile tests since the beginning of last year.
How Do Other Nations Memorialize Their Past Atrocities? The U.S. debate over Confederate statues will look familiar to a lot of nations.
Russian Ambassador To Sudan Found Dead In Swimming Pool It remains unclear what caused him to drown.
Netanyahu and Putin Again It has become a routine matter for Israeli leaders to meet with Vladimir Putin, so much so, that the media interest in these
Dutch Police Arrest Driver Of Bus Near Concert After Terror Warning Authorities say they found gas bottles in the vehicle.
U.S.-Led Strikes Have Killed More Than 170 Raqqa Civilians In Past Week, Says Monitor At least 42 people, including 19 children and 12 women, were killed on Monday alone, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.
Barcelona Attackers Plotted Major Bombings The cell had planned to carry out major attacks, possibly against churches or monuments.
Trump Draws Geopolitical Battle Lines In South Asia Despite refusing to disclose details of his strategy in Afghanistan, he made clear that he hopes an increased US military presence will force the Taliban to come to the negotiating table.
U.S. Navy Says Some Human Remains Found Inside Damaged Destroyer Ten sailors are missing after the USS John S. McCain collided with a merchant vessel this week.
War On ISIS Is Far From Over, Defense Secretary Mattis Says Mattis visited Iraq on Tuesday just days after the start of an offensive to oust Islamic State from the city of Tal Afar.
Danish Police Confirm Headless Torso Found At Sea Belongs To Missing Journalist Danish inventor Peter Madsen has been charged with killing Kim Wall, a Swedish journalist, in his home-made submarine.
Taliban Condemns Trump's Decision To Continue War In Afghanistan The Islamist insurgents also vowed to \u201ccontinue our jihad.\u201d
Which Way For Trump In Korea? Now that President Trump has chosen continued war over peace in Afghanistan, what road will he choose in Korea? With the
You Can Donate Your Eclipse Glasses To Schools Outside The U.S. Astronomers Without Borders is offering to collect them ahead of eclipses in South America and Asia.
Marseille Van Ramming Kills 1 And Injures Another Police are not treating the incident as terrorism.
Putin Picks Ex-Defense Official As New Ambassador To U.S. A person who has dealt with Antonov said that he was a tough, military-style man.
News Roundup for August 21, 2017 In honor of the shitshow that is 2017, the sky will go dark today. 1. The University of Texas moved confederate statues off
Maduro Venezuela once was one of Latin America\u2019s most prosperous countries. The country sat on the world\u2019s largest oil reserves
U.S. Warship Collides With Merchant Vessel East Of Singapore This is the second accident involving U.S. Navy destroyers in Asian waters in little more than two months.
Police Shoot And Kill Main Suspect In Barcelona Terror Attack Authorities have been on a manhunt for Younes Abouyaaqoub since last week's deadly attack.
Soft Targets And Tourist Terrorism It seems that nearly every week now we are confronted by horrific headlines involving the carnage of tourists and ordinary
A Cry For Peace \u201cIf we are serious about peace, then we must work for it as ardently, seriously, continuously, carefully, and bravely as
An Islamic State Safe Haven In The Making The murder of a Turkish policeman by an Islamic State terrorist on August 13, 2017 illustrates the mental mistake of the
Spanish Police On The Hunt For Barcelona Terror Suspect Authorities have not ruled out that he has slipped over the border to France.
Tens Of Thousands Protest In Hong Kong Against The Jailing Of 3 Democracy Activists Protesters shouted
Authorities Investigate Role Of Deceased Imam In Barcelona Attacks The former mosque leader is thought to have played a key role in radicalizing the Barcelona attackers.
Israel Minister \Trump is the unquestioned leader of the free world, and we must not accept anyone harming him,\u201d said Ayoub Kara last week.
Finnish Police Say Attacker Targeted Women In Stabbing That Killed 2 The police are treating the attacks as \murders with terrorist intent,\ said a National Bureau of Investigation spokesperson.
These Are The Victims Of The Terrorist Attacks In Spain Fourteen people were killed, including a Californian celebrating his first anniversary.
Barcelona Attack BARCELONA - A sombre minute-long silence at Barcelona\u2019s Las Ramblas gave way to spontaneous applause on Friday, as crowds
Families Begin To Identify Victims Of Spain Terror Attacks Fourteen people were killed in two attacks including a van rampage in Barcelona\u2019s Las Ramblas walkway on Thursday, and more
At Least 2 Dead In Stabbing In Finnish City Of Turku Police shot and arrested the suspect.
Photos Show The World Mourning In Solidarity With Spain From New York City to Moscow, communities pay tribute to Spain's attack victims.
The Attacks In Spain Demonstrate Why Trump's Travel Ban Is Irresponsible The president's infantile approach to curbing terrorism has taken yet another intellectual blow.
Interview Laos has a dream of \u201ca prosperous country, with a healthy population, free from food insecurity, malnutrition and poverty
CNN's Wolf Blitzer Suggests Barcelona Attack Is A 'Copycat' of Charlottesville The anchor notes both tragedies stemmed from the same \killing device.\
The Slippery Slope Toward Genocide The unfolding of events in Charlottesville over the weekend and President Trump\u2019s refusal to explicitly denounce the violence
The Eiffel Tower Goes Dark To Honor Victims Of Barcelona Attack The City of Lights dimmed its iconic monument to show solidarity with Catalonia.
South Korea Says Trump Will Seek Seoul's Approval Before Any Action On North Korea South Korean President Moon Jae-in urged North Korea not to make further provocations.
Why Does North Korea Hate Us? \u201cThe bombing was long, leisurely and merciless...\u201d And so we return to the Korean War, when North Korea was carpet-bombed
Uganda Struggles To Cope As 1 Million South Sudanese Refugees Pour In The conflict has created Africa\u2019s biggest refugee crisis since the 1994 Rwandan genocide.
Terrorists Plow Into Pedestrians In 2 Deadly Attacks In Spain At least 14 people were killed in the attacks.
Theresa May Criticizes Donald Trump's Charlottesville Comments \u201cI see no equivalence between those who propound fascist views and those who oppose them.\u201d
Philippine President's War On Drugs Prompts Police To Kill 32 People In Single Day \u201cLet\u2019s kill another 32 every day. Maybe we can reduce what ails this country.\u201d
Honoring Honor You may have heard French novelist Th\u00e9ophile Gautier\u2019s phrase, \u201cThe French lack the sense of the epic.\u201d Unfortunately, the
Reducing Middle East Tensions? Saudi-UAE Moves Hint At Willingness To Engage With Iran By James M. Dorsey Recent moves by Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates suggest that the two Gulf states may be looking
Asia Needs Its Own North Korea Strategy As US-North Korea relations ebb to their lowest point in years, U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham has added his voice to the
Netanyahu's Son Calls BLM, Antifa 'Thugs' And Echoes Trump On Charlottesville The 26-year-old's family is being investigated for corruption charges in Israel.
Lebanon Repeals Law Allowing Rapists To Walk Free If They Marry Their Victims The law had \created a tolerance for rape,\ one researcher said.
Business Solutions Can Make Trade More Inclusive International trade can be a major driver of small business growth, yet smaller companies have a distinct disadvantage when
How The Russians Won World War III - A Short History KGB Colonel Vladimir Putin had often said that the fall of the Soviet Union was the worst geopolitical disaster of the 20th
Disarming North Korea Means Making Concessions By Jeffrey Fields, USC\u2013Dornsife College Dealing with North Korea\u2019s ambitions for nuclear weapons has vexed the past four
Hundreds Killed As Mudslide Sweeps Away Homes In Sierra Leone A mass burial today will free up space for more bodies in the central morgue, which is overloaded.
Sign At Swiss Hotel Orders Jewish Guests To Shower Before Swimming Israel\u2019s deputy foreign minister called the request \u201can anti-Semitic act of the worst and ugliest kind.\
In Seoul, Confusion And Apathy Surround City's 3,200 Bomb Shelters \u201cI am not worried about North Korea. At all,\ an American retiree in South Korea says.
In Rare Double Euthanasia, 91-Year-Old Couple Died 'Confidently Holding Hands' \u201cDying together was their deepest wish,\u201d the couple's daughter said.
Falling Tree Kills 11 People At Religious Festival In Portugal Dozens were also injured in the incident on the island of Madeira.
Iranian President Threatens To Abandon Nuke Agreement If U.S. Imposes New Sanctions \u201cThe world has clearly seen that under Trump, America has ignored international agreements.\
North Korea Appears To Pull Back From Guam Threats South Korea also demanded consent before any U.S. military action on the peninsula.
Will Continued Troubles In Qatar Thwart Trump\u2019s Fight Against ISIS? Amidst scandals and media squabbles at home, United States President Donald Trump\u2019s agenda in the Middle East finally broke
Venezuela Calls For Military Exercises To Prepare For Invasion After Trump Threat The unpopular Maduro has used Trump\u2019s comments to reaffirm long-standing accusations that Washington is preparing a military attack.
Hundreds Feared Dead In Sierra Leone Mudslide \u201cThe disaster is so serious that I myself feel broken,\u201d said the country's vice president.
Merkel Condemns 'Repulsive' Far-Right Violence In Charlottesville She pledges to stand with anyone who peacefully opposes hateful ideology.
The Soft Power Of Brazil\u2019s \u2018Car Wash\u2019 Corruption Probe In matters of corruption, many institutions are rolling up their sleeves and getting to work.
Gunmen Attack Restaurant In Burkina Faso, Kill At Least 18 \u201cThis is a terrorist attack,\u201d Communications Minister Remi Dandjinou said.
America\u2019s Foreign Policy Moral Deficit And Losing The Middle East Politicians the world over claim to support human rights in the conduct of foreign policy. They do so to project \u201chumanitarianism
American Tourist Punched For Giving Nazi Salute In Germany Police are investigating the man for giving the banned gesture.
We Must Ask Refugees What They Feel About Returning to Syria The founder of the consultancy behind the annual Arab Youth Survey explains why they did their first-ever poll of Syrian
\u2018They Say We\u2019re Sinners\u2019 Discrimination and misunderstanding of the law are causing tensions between Malawi\u2019s police and sex workers, who often accuse
The Real Economic Cost Of Accepting Refugees Past waves of refugees had varied but limited effects on the jobs and income of workers in countries they moved to, finds
Trump To Send Jared Kushner And Envoy To Middle East For Israeli-Palestinian Peace Talks Kushner was charged with helping to broker a deal between Israelis and Palestinians after Trump took office.
China Intensifies Pressure On North Korea By Hong Soon-do, Beijing correspondent, AsiaToday China is intensifying pressure on North Korea as crisis on Korean Peninsula
Guamanians Take Missile Threat Seriously -- But Think We Should All Calm Down \I feel like the threat is as real to everyone else as it is to Guam.\
Promise Or Peril? Africa\u2019s 830 Million Young People By 2050 This article has been co-authored with Honourable Mr. John Dramani Mahama, the former President of the Republic of Ghana
State Paper But if the United States attacks first and tries to overthrow North Korea\u2019s government China will stop them, the paper said.
Train Crash Kills Dozens In Egypt More than 120 people are injured after two train collided in the city of Alexandria.
Uhuru Kenyatta Re-Elected As President Of Kenya The opposition has rejected the election result, claiming the process was undermined by fraud.
North Korea's Bombastic Threats Are Probably More Rational Than You Think \If Kim Jong Un were crazy and irrational, North Korea wouldn\u2019t exist in 2017.\
With North Korea Crisis, Will The Neutron Bomb Be Of Interest To The US? The world is in shock and awe over the dramatic increase in the quality of North Korea\u2019s missile delivery. Its ability to
Trump Adds Volatility To A Long History Of North Korean Threats Threats from Pyongyang are nothing new, but the latest U.S. reaction has some experts worried.
Brazil\u2019s Most Popular Leader Has Been Convicted of Corruption on Flimsy Evidence Lula da Silva and his Workers\u2019 Party are an affront to the country\u2019s traditional elite \u2014 which is itself mired in corruption \u2014 so they want to destroy him by any means necessary.
World On Edge We need to work towards reconciliation and not continue in this mad march to the edge of unimaginable destruction.
The Link Between Suicide Among Girls In Rural Idlib And Underage Marriages RAW\u2019A (not her\u00a0real name) was found dead after hanging herself in February last year in her bathroom in a village in northwestern
North Korea Crisis Co-authored with Brenna Gautam who is a member of the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty\u2019s Organization\u2019s Youth Group
Refugee Entrepreneurs \u2018Keep Business Alive\u2019 In Upstate New York Many refugees resettled in New York live in the upstate city of Buffalo. As the local population declines, advocates hope
South Korea Urges North To Stop Actions That Are Raising Tensions On The Peninsula South Korea's government also said it will seek all methods possible to resolving tensions with the cooperation of other countries.
North Korea Claims It's Planning To Fire Missiles Near Guam But Guam isn't too worried.
8 Times The World Narrowly Avoided A Potential Nuclear Disaster We've survived a disturbingly long list of nuclear near-misses.
U.S. Expels Cuban Diplomats After Alleged Sonic Device Strike On Americans In Havana Cuba says it's investigating after reports that U.S. embassy staff has suffered hearing loss in the past six months.
Experts Experts who say an accident, misstatement could spiral into full-scale conflict even though neither side wants war.
People With Disabilities Struggle To Escape Carnage In South Sudan Decades of war in South Sudan have left high numbers of people with disabilities and many are unable to access aid or flee
Earthquake In China's Sichuan Province Kills At Least 19, Injures 247 The 7.0-magnitude temblor struck a remote and mountainous region.
News Roundup for August 9, 2017 Never despair. Never surrender. 1. A 7.0-magnitude earthquake hit China\u2019s Sichuan province, killing 19 and injuring hundreds
Up To 50 Migrants Killed Off Coast Of Yemen After Smuggler Forces Them Overboard The average age of migrants on board was 16.
Vehicle Crashes Into French Soldiers In Paris Suburb, Injuring 6 Police shot and arrested the suspect.
U.S. Sanctions Eight More Venezuelans, Including Hugo Chavez' Brother The Trump administration sanctioned Venezuelan President Maduro last week.
The Kurds\u2019 Treatment In Turkey Is Indefensible The below article is a response to a public letter written by Ibrahim Kurtulus, criticizing my previous article about the
World Leaders Call For Calm After Trump Threatens North Korea With 'Fire And Fury' As Washington and Pyongyang trade escalating threats, global powers urge diplomacy to ease fears of a nuclear conflict.
Hold the Fire and Fury, There Are No Realistic Military Solutions To North Korea Yesterday The Washington Post reported that U.S. intelligence experts now believe that North Korea possesses a miniaturized
North Korea, Nukes And Negotiations The narrative about North Korea, a narrative I believe to be true and have since early March, is simple
North Korea Releases Jailed Canadian Pastor Amid Standoff With U.S. Hyeon Soo Lim, who had been accused of attempting to overthrow the regime, was \released on sick bail.\
Inequality In Access To Care Undermines Cancer-Control Efforts In Latin America Cancer is the second-biggest killer in Latin America, accounting for 19 percent of all deaths on average. The International
News Roundup for August 8, 2017 Today\u2019s news is tomorrow\u2019s blues. 1. Kenya is holding their presidential election today, with fears of violence looming after
Chronicling A Forgotten Disaster Matthew was destined to be a forgotten disaster, in the shadow of Haiti\u2019s 2010 earthquake and overshadowed by the U.S. elections.
North Korea Produces Miniaturized Nuclear Warhead, Report Says U.S. intelligence officials believe the country has passed a dangerous milestone in its nuclear program.
Kenya Votes In A Tense General Election The country's president took an early lead in Tuesday\u2019s national elections.
President Zuma's South Africa Is A Shadow Of Mandela's Rainbow Though the president dodged a devastating loss, his people have not.
A Timeline Of Venezuela's Months Of Protests And Political Crisis Here's a guide to the country's ongoing turmoil.
Japan Calls For 'World Without Nuclear Weapons' On Hiroshima Bombing Anniversary Hundreds of thousands died after the U.S. bombed Hiroshima and Nagasaki, according to some estimates.
Pressure Mounts On Netanyahu As Israeli Corruption Probes Intensify The prime minister has been ordered to disclose calls with publishers, and a former top aide has turned state's witness.
Facing Famine, Girls And Women Bear The Heaviest Burden Girls, boys, women and men experience disaster differently.
Survey Reflects Southeast Asian Perception Of U.S. Engagement Under The New Administration By Peter Valente, Project Assistant, East-West Center in Washington. Note
Iranian Man Who Hoped To Reach Australia Dies Near Manus Island Detention Center Rights groups have pleaded with the Australian government to evacuate the center.
North Korea Denounces Latest Round Of UN Sanctions, Vows To Take 'Righteous Action' \u201cThere is no bigger mistake than the United States believing that its land is safe across the ocean.\
Report Uncovers Nearly 100 Sex Abuse Lawsuits Against Catholic Leaders In Guam An investigation by the USA Today Network details 40 years of alleged assaults.
UN Security Council Unanimously Imposes New Sanctions On North Korea The U.S.-drafted resolution bans North Korean exports of coal, iron, iron ore, lead, lead ore and seafood.
British Model Freed After Being Kidnapped To Be Sold, Italian Police Say The woman was to be auctioned on the dark web, according to authorities.
Leopoldo Lopez's Wife Says Venezuelan Opposition Leader Returned To House Arrest Lopez was transferred to a military prison on Tuesday.
France Opens Terror Probe After Man With Knife Tries To Enter Eiffel Tower The man was quickly stopped after trying to force his way into the tower on Saturday.
Amid China-India Tensions, Indian Boxer Offers To Return Belt To Chinese Rival For 'Peace' India and China are embroiled in a tense impasse over a territorial dispute in the Himalayas.
Israel Moves To Shut Down Local Operations Of Al Jazeera Israel's communications minister accused the station of \supporting terrorism.\
Veteran War Crimes Investigator Quits UN Commission On Syria \u201cWe thought the international community had learned something in Rwanda. But no, they have not learned anything,\u201d Carla Del Ponte said.
Venezuelan Government Suppresses Military Uprising, Ruling Official Claims Authorities say they have put down a rebellion near the city of Valencia, amid increasing instability in the country.
The Gulf Crisis A French investigation into possible corruption in business deals related to Qatar\u2019s winning of World Cup hosting rights
A Rise In Overdose Deaths Sparks Fear Of Fentanyl In The U.K. But nobody knows how big the problem is yet.
China Extends Her Silk Road To Haiti China plans to invest $30 billion in Haiti\u2019s infrastructure according to the Haitian Press Agency (AHP). This week the Mayor
Reset U.S.-South Korea Alliance Objectives to Minimize North Korean Threat The North Korean crisis continues to grow, with no solution in sight. President Donald Trump may denounce his predecessor\u2019s
Are We Ready For A Nuclear Attack From North Korea? Experts Have Doubts. \North Korea can build missiles faster than we can build defenses,\ one analyst warns.
Philippines President Signs Law Granting Free Tuition At All State Universities Rodrigo Duterte believes the benefits of the law outweighed the potential short-term budgetary challenges.
Playing With Fire By James M. Dorsey As US President Donald J. Trump gropes with a set of bad options for responding to North Korea\u2019s rapidly
Liberian Laboratory For School Privatization Schemes Businesses, foundations, and so-called \u201creform\u201d groups pushing to privatize and profit from education around the world at
Huge Fire Burns Dubai's Torch Tower, One Of The World's Tallest Authorities said the tower had been evacuated and no injuries were reported.
Trump Reportedly Mulls Firing U.S. Military Commander In Afghanistan \u201cWe aren\u2019t winning,\u201d Trump reportedly said.
Firefighters Battle Massive Blaze At World's Largest Fish Market There were no immediate reports of injuries or people trapped.
Iran's Supreme Leader Endorses Hassan Rouhani As President For Second Term Hassan is seen as a pragmatist in contrast to Khamenei and his hardline allies, and officials and analysts have cast doubt on his ability to balance their demands and expectations with those of his supporters.
Death Valley's Average Temperature In July Was 107.4 \u2014 A New Record The month's low was still a sweltering 89 degrees. The highest
On The Margins Of The Margins Refugees with intellectual disabilities are a largely forgotten and highly vulnerable group on the margins of the global
In Besieged Homs, Blood Becomes A Rare Commodity At least 32 children in the besieged Houla region are suffering from an inherited blood disorder that requires frequent transfusions
The Climate Bomb Lurking Under Arctic Permafrost New research aims to better understand how much methane \u2013 a potent greenhouse gas \u2013 is burbling to the surface of the Mackenzie
What\u2019s Happening In Iraq Right Now Could Change The Middle East Forever An upcoming referendum on Kurdish independence has implications for Turkey, Syria and Iran.
Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu Eyed In Bribery Probe, Court Says An Israeli court said two police investigations in which Netanyahu has been questioned could result in corruption charges.
Oskar Groening, 96-Year-old 'Bookkeeper Of Auschwitz,' Deemed Fit For Prison German prosecutors said Groening, an ex-Nazi death camp guard, was medically fit to serve the four-year sentence he received for his role in the Holocaust.
Ending Iraq\u2019s Humanitarian Crisis Iraq, once the cradle of civilization, has and continues to experience one of the most horrific violent conflicts in modern
Syrian Activist Bassel Safadi Was Executed In 2015. His Family Says They Just Found Out. Thousands of detainees are secretly killed by the Assad regime every year.
There's Almost No Chance Of Meeting Paris Climate Goals, Warns Grim New Study \u201cIf we want to avoid 2 degrees Celsius, we have very little time left. The public should be very concerned.\u201d
Philippines' Duterte Calls North Korea's Kim A 'Fool' Over Nuclear Ambitions \u201cThat chubby face that looks kind,\ he said. \That son of a bitch.\
Suicide Bomb Kills Two American Soldiers In Afghanistan The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack.
Qatar Is Worst In The Region On Counterterrorism, But Other Gulf Monarchies Are Not Off The Hook Like Qatar, it seems Kuwait has yet to take effective legal action against certain U.S. or U.N.-designated terror financiers
Resistance Builds To Proposed Israeli Boycott Bill A disturbing number of Congressional Democrats have joined their Republican counterparts in co-sponsoring a bill (S. 720
I Learned To Stop Giving Cultural Ignorance A Pass I'm contributing to the empowerment of this nation and I damn well deserve the respect of a correctly pronounced name.
Russia's Medvedev The prime minister's comments came after Trump signed a bill imposing new sanctions.
Prince Philip Concludes 65 Years Of Royal Duties With Final Official Engagement The 96-year-old Duke of Edinburgh has completed more than 22,000 solo engagements since 1952.
Venezuela's Vote Turnout Was Manipulated, Election Company Reports The election has been widely criticized as illegitimate.
New Plastic Garbage Patch Found In The South Pacific Could Be '1.5 Times Larger Than Texas' The enormous swathe of marine pollution could contain \millions of plastic particles per square kilometer,\u201d oceanographer Charles Moore says.
Trump Claims Mexico's President Praised His Border Policy. Mexico Says Nope. No such phone call took place, says Mexico's foreign affairs ministry.
Clooney Foundation To Sponsor 7 Schools For Syrian Refugees The schools will open in Lebanon.
Playing Both Sides Against The Middle By James M. Dorsey Saudi Arabia, with the Islamic State on the ropes in Iraq, is forging ties to Iraqi Shiite leaders and
Can We Reduce The Race To The Bottom... At The Bottom? Brexit and the border-adjustment tax proposed by the current U.S. administration are just two examples of a growing discontent
Serbia, End Your Impunity For War Crimes Aleksandar Vucic speaks of reconciliation, but in practice he has done little to change the image we have of him as serving war criminals.
The World Bank Accidentally Left Me A Voicemail Discussing Their Strategy To Downplay Rights Abuses On June 27 we released a joint report documenting forced and child labor linked to the World Bank\u2019s agriculture projects
Venezuela Security Agents Seize Opposition Leaders In Overnight Raids, Families Say Both leaders have called on Venezuelans to join protests against President Nicolas Maduro.
Harrowing Images From Venezuela's Deadly Protests The country's political and economic crisis has caused thousands to take to the streets.
North Korea May Soon Conduct Nuclear Test Or Fire Another ICBM, South Says On Sunday, the U.S. flew two supersonic bombers over the Korean peninsula in a show of force.
Economic War Against Qatar Backfires On Saudi Arabia And United Arab Emirates The pampered petro-states of Saudi Arabia and United Arab Emirates expected a quick victory after imposing a quasi-blockade
North Korean Sanctions The only effective way of changing North Korea\u2019s behavior is to embed it in the international community, subjecting it to international rules and regulations and tying its economy to the global market.
Urgent Warning Given the specter of nuclear war, the rational policy is one of de-escalation.
Free Movement Of E.U. Citizens To U.K. Will End In 2019 Ministers have been squabbling over how to tackle Brexit & immigration.
Venezuela's President Maduro Mocks Trump After U.S. Sanctions The move follows Sunday\u2019s election of a legislative superbody that Washington denounced as a \u201csham\u201d vote.
Deadly Clashes Erupt As Venezuela Holds Widely Boycotted Election Authorities said 10 people were killed in the confrontations, which made Sunday one of the deadliest days since massive protests started in early April.
Australian Police Foil Apparent Terrorist Plot To Take Down Plane Security has been increased at Australian airports after police thwarted plans for an attack during counter-terrorism raids.
Gunman Kills One, Wounds Four In Shooting At German Nightclub The gunman was shot by police and later died at a hospital.
Strife In Jerusalem A web of formal and informal Israeli-Arab relations and common fears of renewed popular uprisings that could threaten regimes
Huge Fire Erupts At Tomorrowland Festival In Spain, Forces Evacuation Of 22,000 Revelers Videos show the main stage engulfed in flames.
Putin Orders Massive Cuts To  U.S. Diplomatic Staff In Russia The move is retaliation for new U.S. sanctions against Russia that Congress has approved.
Venezuelans Vote For All-Powerful Assembly, Under Government Pressure The opposition is boycotting the election, which is expected to hand sweeping powers to the ruling party.
The Gulf Crisis Lurking below the surface of the Gulf crisis, are rival, yet troubled, attempts by Qatar and its detractors to use sports
One Dead, Several Injured In Knife Attack In Hamburg Supermarket The assailant is a migrant and Islamist known to German security forces.
Defiant North Korea Launches Possible ICBM That Lands In Japanese Waters The reclusive nation has conducted a spate of missile tests since the inauguration of President Donald Trump.
Venezuela's Crisis Approaches A Tipping Point As Protests Spread To Government Strongholds As an important vote looms, protests are now moving beyond the capital\u2019s affluent neighborhoods.
Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif Resigns After Supreme Court Ruling Disqualifies Him The Supreme Court said Sharif is not fit to hold office and ordered a criminal investigation into him and his family.
U.S. Orders Diplomats' Families To Leave Venezuela As Crisis Deepens Violence continues to rage on the street as the opposition against President Nicolas Maduro prepares to hold a day of protests.
Russia Retaliates For Proposed New Sanctions Lawmakers approved the sanctions bill, but Trump could still veto it.
Commuter Train Crashes In Barcelona Station, Injuring At Least 54 Many of the passengers were already standing, ready to get off, when the train crashed.
Can Italy Deal With Its Fascist Past? Benito Mussolini\u2019s bust and crypt in San Cassiano cemetery are a sensitive topic in Predappio, Italy. Saiko/Wikimedia, CC
Graphic Video Shows Bull Killing Itself After Horns Are Set Alight At Spanish Festival The clip has prompted global calls for a ban on Spain's iconic bull-themed festivals.
Global Series Manifesta\u00e7\u00e3o - Sports is never just a game and often political, as Brazil learned well during its 2014 World Cup. Senado
Thousands Rush To Pray At Jerusalem's Al-Aqsa Mosque Amid Tension At least 113 Palestinians were injured as Israeli security forces used sound bombs to control crowds of worshippers.
Israel Removes All Security Apparatus From Holy Site After Unrest The stand-off at the holy site has provoked some of the worst bloodshed in Jerusalem for years.
Arundhati Roy's New Novel Lays India Bare, Unveiling Worlds Within Our Worlds Malavika Binny, Jawaharlal Nehru University Wearing two hats at once can be an uncomfortable fit, but it does not seem to
Iranian State TV Claims Successful Space Rocket Launch Past launches have raised tensions between the U.S. and Iran.
In Oslo And 'Oslo,' Humanity Is Key Negotiation is not a blood sport. It is a collaboration, an effort undertaken by two parties who will often have to work
Venezuela Strike Turns Deadly Ahead Of Controversial Constitutional Assembly Vote President Nicol\u00e1s Maduro called the election as a means to rewrite Venezuela's constitution, triggering violent backlash.
The Battle May Be Over, But Immense Needs Remain In Mosul We have a moral responsibility to help the people of Mosul start again.
Pakistani Police Arrest 25 Council Members Accused Of Ordering 'Revenge Rape' \u201cIf there were any justice in the panchayat, they should have shot the rapist. Why punish an innocent girl instead?\u201d
Here's How World Leaders Reacted To Trump's Transgender Military Ban As the U.S. president insulted LGBTQ troops as too costly, other countries stood up for them.
Cardinal George Pell Appears In Court Over Historical Sex Offense Charges Pell appeared in Australian court on Wednesday for a brief preliminary hearing to set the pace of upcoming proceedings.
No More New Gas and Diesel Cars From 2040, U.K. Vows The announcement comes just a few weeks after France made a similar pledge.
Budget Airlines' New Routes Lead To Urbanization In Asia By AsiaToday reporter Jisu Kim Asia's budget airlines are increasingly flocking to new cities, leading to regional urbanization
Stepping Up The Fight Against Money Laundering And Terrorist Financing Corrupt officials, tax cheats, and the financial backers of terrorism have one thing in common
Mental Health Situation Deteriorating For Refugees On Greece's Lesbos Island Self-harm and suicide attempts are common, doctors said.
Philippines' Duterte Threatens To Bomb Indigenous Schools Rights groups are calling for the president to retract his statement.
Raging Wildfires Prompt Evacuation Of 10,000 People Along French Riviera Beaches and campsites at some of France's most popular tourism spots are deserted, as firefighters use water bombs to tackle the blazes.
To Protect Refugees, We Must Confront Anxiety Over Muslims In Europe European policy-makers must address cultural and political anxieties about Islam and refugees head on, rather than ceding
How The U.K. Government Ignored Offers To Take In More Lone Children British charity Help Refugees is taking the\u00a0U.K.\u00a0government to court over its failure to take in more unaccompanied children
Turkey\u2019s Twitter Crackdown Ratchets Up, As State Says, 'Click Now To Report A User To The Police!' Twitter logo mod from graffiti seen on a wall during protests in Turkey in July 2013. Ian Brown / flickr Da\u011fhan Irak, Universit\u00e9
Dear Rolling Stone, Not All Canadians Are In Love With Justin Trudeau He's charming and handsome, but the prime minister has disappointed many of his own voters.
The Gulf Crisis This is part 2 of a four-part series. Part 1 was published on July 25. Part 3 will be published on July 27 and part 4 on
Taliban Militants Attack Army Base In Kandahar, Kill Dozens Of Afghan Soldiers The attack underlined the steadily deteriorating security in much of the country.
ISIS Laid Booby-Traps All Over Mosul To Kill, Injure Returning Civilians Houses, schools, mosques and streets have all been booby-trapped.
Female Candidates Face Violence And Abuse Ahead Of Kenyan Election Kenyan women running for election on August 8 face harassment, abuse and even violence. But they say they won\u2019t be intimidated
Gaza\u2014A Disaster In The Making It has been ten years since Hamas defeated the Palestinian Authority in Gaza and assumed control over the territory. Today
In Philippines, Climate Change And Conflict Both Conspire Against Rural Women Extreme weather and conflict have a particularly accute impact on female farmers in the Philippines. PWRDF, CC BY-SA Alvin
North Korea Would Hold Talks If South Korea Supports Peace Treaty With US By Hong Soon-do, Beijing correspondent, AsiaToday North Korea is said to be willing to hold ministerial talks with South
News Roundup for July 25, 2017 Here\u2019s your news. Don\u2019t stop the beat. 1. Are the Russians supplying the Taliban with arms? Looks likely, but we still need
Let The Children Speak Are we listening to our children? I always remember Malala Yousafzai\u2019s birthday. We\u2019re born only one day apart, so when she
The Gulf Crisis This is part 1 of a four-part series. Part 2 will be published on July 26, part 3 on July 27, and part 4 on July 28 By James
Discontent Brews Among Trump's Top Foreign Policy Team Tillerson has reportedly told friends he will be lucky to last a year in the Secretary of State job.
A Major Crack In Iraqi Shia Politics Although Sayyid Ammar al-Hakim announced that he left ISCI, he apparently retained all of ISCI\u2019s assets.
We\u2019ve Made Great Strides in the Fight Against Global Hunger. So Why Are Millions at Risk of Starvation? That\u2019s why our two organizations have banded together with six others for the very first time in the U.S. The Global Emergency
Poland's President Decides To Veto Controversial Judicial Reform Bills The decision followed warnings from the EU and days of protests across Poland.
These Five Countries Are Conduits For The World's Biggest Tax Havens Tax sheltering is not just the domain of exotic Caribbean isles. Major world powers, including the United Kingdom, play a
Israel Will Replace Metal Detectors At Holy Site Amid Rising Tensions The decision came after several days of violence.
Suicide Car Bomb Blast Kills Dozens In Afghan Capital More than 40 others were wounded in the attack.
Parents Of Terminally Ill UK Baby Charlie Gard End Legal Battle The child's parents had been seeking an experimental therapy that courts had refused.
Court Reaches Guilty Verdict In Canada's First Polygamy Trial In Over 100 Years Winston Blackmore is estimated to have fathered some 145 children with 28 wives.
Israel Says Metal Detectors At Al Aqsa Will Stay The tensions over access to al-Aqsa compound have triggered the bloodiest confrontations with Palestinians in years.
CAUGHT ON CAMERA Incredibly, no one was injured in the blast.
Swiss Couple Found Frozen On Glacier Is Buried After 75 Years \The family can at last stop asking the question
Tour Operators Brace As Trump U.S.-Cuba Travel Regulations Loom Tour companies says they've been flooded with calls from clients who are worried about their travel plans.
Suspected ISIS Fighter Identified As Runaway German Teen She had been missing since last July.
Two Dead In Shooting Incident At Israeli Embassy In Jordan Police sealed off the embassy.
Kenya And Ethiopia Join Forces To Advance Peace, Security, Development And Hope The Kenya Ethiopia cross-border programme may well hold the key to an innovative approach to operationalizing Mr Ant\u00f3nio
In Fukushima Milestone, Underwater Robot Likely Finds Melted Nuclear Fuel This discovery could mark a turning point in the complicated cleanup of the nuclear facility.
Philippine Congress Agrees To Extend Mindanao Martial Law To End Of Year President Rodrigo Duterte placed the island under martial law in May when armed militants and foreign fighters stormed Marawi City.
Poland Passes Law That EU Says Threatens Country's Democracy The new bill gives the ruling nationalist party extensive powers over the courts.
Engaging Colombia's Students May Be Key To Long-Term Peace By Nadia Rubai, Binghamton University, State University of New York The end of violence does not always constitute peace
Overcoming Divisions To Form An Arab American Community During the past century, Arab Americans have faced significant obstacles on the way to securing our place in the political
Assad's Secret Ingredient? The Iraqi Military's Unknown Invasion Of Syria In the past year or so, much has been made of the Assad regime\u2019s victories in different areas of Syria. From Aleppo to Daraya
At Least Six Dead In Worst Israeli-Palestinian Bloodshed For Years The bloodiest spate of Israeli-Palestinian violence for years was prompted by new security Israeli measures at Jerusalem's holiest site.
Protesters Clash With Police After Access To Aqsa Mosque Barred For Muslim Men Under 50 The Palestinian Red Crescent ambulance service said at least 30 people had been hurt, two seriously and some suffered from tear gas inhalation.
At Least 2 Killed, Scores Injured In Strong Quake Off Turkish And Greek Coasts It was the second quake of magnitude exceeding 6.0 in the broader region this year, a level that can cause considerable damage.
News Roundup for July 21, 2017 Watch out UK kids, there will be no selling lemonade on Britain\u2019s streets\u2026. Happy Friday! 1. Thousands took to the streets
How Lula Evolved From Brazil's Top Politician To Its Most Notable Convict By Terry L. McCoy, University of Florida Brazilians watched along with the rest of the world as one of the country\u2019s leading
Bleached Girls Nonetheless, a 2014 marketing study found that almost 90 percent of Indian girls cite skin lightening as a \u201chigh need.\u201d These
Can We Save Low-Lying Island Nations From Rising Seas? Christopher H Lim, Nanyang Technological University and Vincent Mack, Nanyang Technological University Though climate change
Burundi Teenagers Participating In International Robotics Competition Go Missing All 6 have since been accounted for.
Trump Ends CIA Arms Support For Anti-Assad Syria Rebels The decision is a move sought by Assad ally Russia.
Afghanistan Sixteen years have passed and we are still fighting a war in Afghanistan which is not only the longest in American history
Legal Systems Have Reinforced Discrimination Against Leprosy With the development of effective medicine to treat leprosy in the 1980s, the number of patients greatly declined in many
How Open Data Can Help The Global South, From Disaster Relief To Voter Turnout Beyond these genuinely transformative experiences, we found several examples that ran into challenges. A pair of education
Wildfires Are Raging In The Mediterranean. What Can We Learn? Luke Kelly, University of Melbourne; Eduard Plana Bach, and Marc Font Bernet In Italy, firefighters across the country are
Uruguay, First Country In The World To Legally Regulate Marijuana, Begins Retail Sales A historic moment in the fight to end the disastrous War on Drugs.
Germans, Canadians Reportedly Among Captured Women Who Fought For ISIS A 16-year-old from Saxony was thought to be one of 20 foreign women taken in Mosul last week.
Malala Yousafzai Condemns China For Treatment Of Nobel Laureate Xiaobo China refused to let Nobel Peace Prize-winner Liu Xiaobo travel for medical treatment. He died of liver failure in prison last week.
Deadly Data Gaps Why doesn\u2019t the humanitarian system have a way to collect real-time information about refugee populations, needs and aid
Brazil's Corruption Crisis Is Everyone's Problem The conviction of former President Lula da Silva is a reminder that Brazil's crisis -- which could even lead to a Brazilian Trump -- has global implications.
Trump Slaps New Sanctions On Iran After Certifying Its Compliance With Nuclear Deal The U.S. said Iran's ballistic missile program and Tehran\u2019s \u201cmalign activities\u201d in the Middle East undercut any \u201cpositive contributions\u201d from the 2015 deal.
EU Threatens Sanctions Against Poland Amid Fears Its Democracy Is Under Threat Weeks after Trump praised the country, thousands demonstrated against the government.
France's Armed Forces Chief Resigns After Public Clash With Macron Over Budget Cuts Pierre de Villiers said he had tried to keep the military fit for an ever more difficult task within its financial constraints, but could no longer sustain that.
Russian Lawyer Who Met With Trump Jr. Willing To Testify Before Congress \u201cI\u2019m ready to clarify the situation behind this mass hysteria.\
For Ghanaian Girls, Contraception Can Be A Life Saver For Esenam Amuzu\u2019s peers in Ghana, teen pregnancy, gender-based violence and risky sexual behavior are often the norm. On
Israeli Student Stole Auschwitz Artifacts For Art Project She claims the right to \act according to my own laws.\
Inaugural 'Women Fast Forward' Asia Pacific Dialogue Releases G20 Recommendations On Women\u2019s Advancement HONOLULU (18 July, 2017) \u2013 Participants in the inaugural \u201cWomen Fast Forward\u201d Asia Pacific consultation dialogue at the East
The Recruitment Of The Yemeni Children Military conscription into militias is prevalent across the world. While children bear a disproportionate burden from civil
Emmanuel Macron Staged A Punk Coup On The Champs-\u00c9lys\u00e9es Julie Louise Bacon, UNSW Picture this
Sustainable Development And Sustaining Peace This op-ed is co-authored by Magdy Mart\u00ednez-Solim\u00e1n, UN Assistant Secretary-General in UNDP AND Oscar Fern\u00e1ndez-Taranco, UN
How Climate Change Is Spurring Wildfires In Alaska And The Northwest Territories Longer hot, dry spells in the boreal forests that stretch across Alaska and the Northwest Territories create the conditions
Australian Lawmakers Scramble To Confirm Citizenship After Colleagues' Sudden Resignations Australia's constitution bans dual citizens from serving in Parliament.
London Mayor Says U.K. Should Not 'Roll Out Red Carpet' For Donald Trump Sadiq Khan reiterated his opposition this week to the president's impending state visit to the country.
Celebrity North Korean Defector Appears To Resurface In Propaganda Video Authorities in South Korea are now investigating what happened to Lim Ji-hyun.
Saudi Woman Arrested After Wearing Skirt And Crop Top In Viral Video The model shared a video of herself walking publicly in clothing against Saudi law.
Swiss Couple Missing For 75 Years Found Frozen On Glacier Marcelin and Francine Dumoulin were 40 and 37 years old when they went missing in 1942.
Trump Says Iran Is Complying With Nuclear Deal, But Remains A Dangerous Threat The president said Tehran was in default of the spirit of the accord.
Canada On May 26, a West Vancouver lawyer was found guilty of professional misconduct by a Law Society of B.C. disciplinary panel
Is Qatar The Target Of A Dirty Tricks Campaign To Strip It Of The World Cup? As a piece of fake news it was so convincing that even Reuters, the respected international news agency, fell for it. A little
As Another Smog Season Looms, India Must Act Soon To Keep Delhi From Gasping Improving Delhi\u2019s air quality Improving Delhi\u2019s air quality My research confirms, in great detail, that the main elements
South Syria Ceasefire And The Next Israel-Hizballah-Iran War A cease fire agreement is supposed to lead to a more stable, lasting political arrangement, hopefully a peace treaty, but
Qatar Needs to Change Its Way, And Fast After days of shuttle diplomacy Secretary of State Rex Tillerson\u2019s most recent attempt at breaking the deadlock between Qatar
Dutch Unveil Memorial To Victims of Malaysian Airlines Flight MH17 The plane was shot down over Ukraine in 2014.
Staggering Before-And-After Satellite Images Show Destruction Of Mosul Nine months of war obliterated  every building in some of the Iraq city's western neighborhoods.
South Korea Proposes Military Talks With North Korea On July 21 The military talks between the two countries would be the first since 2015.
'Far-Right Hipsters' Are Crowdfunding To Send Migrants Back To Africa \An invasion is taking place,\ the group's website says. \This massive immigration is changing the face of our continent.\
The Gulf Crisis Revelations about two incidents of Gulf-related fake news shine a spotlight on a long-standing psychological war between
Was Turkey's Coup For Real? The truth will come out.
Death Toll Mounts In Rio De Janeiro As Police Lose Control Silvia Ramos, Universidade Candido Mendes On June 30, a baby was shot in his mother\u2019s belly in Rio de Janeiro. After the
The Islamic State Is On Its Knees, But Its Legacy Will Long Haunt The Middle East Mohammed Nuruzzaman, Gulf University for Science and Technology After three years of violence, Islamic State has encountered
China Tightens Control Over Hong Kong On 20th Anniversary Of Takeover HONG KONG\u2014China recently celebrated the 20th anniversary of regaining control of Hong Kong. President Xi Jinping visited
The Omar Khadr Settlement Reaffirms Canada's Values Khadr\u2019s international human rights were egregiously violated
As Rare Snow Blankets Chile's Capital, Blackouts And Snowball Fights Ensue Reportedly the heaviest snowfall in Santiago since 2007, the frosty conditions caused more than 250,000 residents to lose power.
Erdogan Vows To Punish Turkey's Enemies On Anniversary Of Failed Coup The president also took aim at the European Union.
As Nobel Laureate Liu Xiaobo's Ashes Are Scattered At Sea, Chinese Activists Cry Foul Liu was silenced, they say -- even in death.
Massive Protests In Poland As Government Takes Aim At Courts Thousands rallied in the country's largest cities.
Iranian Court Jails U.S. Dual National For 10 Years On Spying Charges The judiciary spokesman did not name the person or give details about when the sentence was passed.
Australian Minister Offers Smart Retort To Trump's Rating Of French First Lady \I wonder if she could say the same of him?\ Foreign Minister Julie Bishop asked.
Venezuela's Opposition Holds Symbolic Referendum On Maduro The opposition is hoping millions will turn out to reject the embattled president.
Five Park Rangers Killed In Congo During Rescue Of U.S. Journalist Gunmen kidnapped the journalist and several others on Friday.
Baby Justin Trudeau Met His Namesake And It Was Beyond Adorable The prime minister was at the Calgary Stampede and there was a cowboy hat involved.
Calls For Stripping Qatar Of World Cup Suggests Gulf Crisis At A Stalemate My story, Calls for Stripping Qatar of World Cup suggests Gulf crisis at a stalemate, was based on a Reuters story, that
Towards A Difficult Phase Marked by Assad\u2019s Survival Some have read the developments on the field, international accords, and the realignments in Iraq and Syria as the beginning
Brawl Breaks Out In Taiwanese Parliament As Lawmakers Throw Water Balloons And Chairs Who among us hasn't gotten in a fistfight over infrastructure development?
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte Makes Yet Another Disgusting Rape Joke Previously, he said he would allow his troops to rape, as long as they do their jobs.
A Deepening Political Crisis In Pakistan Pakistan\u2019s Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif is under intense pressure from the political opposition and sections of the media
Is The World Ready For A Strong German Leader? By Johanna Schuster-Craig, Michigan State University What does it take to be elected chancellor of the most populous country
Tweeting Hatred ISLAMABAD, PAKISTAN\u00a0\u2013 It was a day after deadly clashes between Pakistani and Afghan forces at the Torkham border crossing
The Woman Helping Clear Colombia Of Its Deadly Landmines Alejandra Segura is one of the eight women deminers working to clear Colombia of deadly explosives \u2013 a gargantuan task that
Canada\u2019s Capital Gets A Taste Of The Central Arctic The Canadian Museum of Nature\u2019s new Arctic gallery features a space dedicated to showcasing Indigenous culture. Its kick
Two Israeli Policemen Shot Dead And Gunmen Killed Near Jerusalem's Holiest Site It was one of the most serious attacks so close to the volatile holy site, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as Temple Mount, in years.
German Study Finds Radicalized Muslims Have Little Actual Knowledge Of Islam A group of professed Muslim radicals \had no basic knowledge about Islam,\u201d according to a new study.
For Pakistan, China's Huge Energy Investments May Have Serious Political Costs Dr. Amiera Sawas, Institute of Business Administration, Karachi and Dr Nausheen H. Anwar, Institute of Business Administration
The Gulf Crisis By James M. Dorsey Buried in the Gulf crisis are two major developments likely to shape future international relations as
Defeating HIV/AIDS Means Listening To Young People Young people with HIV in North America and Europe now have near-normal life expectancy. New diagnoses of HIV have fallen
The Untold Story Of The Tiniest Victims Of Yemen's Brutal War In one remote area, a citizen journalist found a hospital filled with starving children.
The Battle For Mosul Is Coming To An End. Now What? Iraq faces a long, challenging road toward reconstruction and reconciliation.
Emmanuel Macron Folds He wants to focus on areas in which they share common ground, he said.
Cracks Appear In ISIS Online Caliphate ISIS has not only lost the Iraqi city of Mosul, it\u2019s also losing the cyberspace jihad.
Beset With Domestic Troubles, Trump Escapes To Paris For Talks With France's New Leader Trump has made few friends in Europe with his rejection of the Paris accord on climate change and \u201cAmerica First\u201d trade stance.
Most Americans Oblivious To Extreme Hunger Crises Overseas Devastating food shortages threaten millions of lives in Africa and the Middle East, but a new poll finds little interest.
European Human Rights Court Backs Belgium's Ban On Face Veils Women who repeatedly violate the ban can face jail time.
Can the U.S. And India Create An Enduring Entente? India\u2019s Prime Minister Narendra Modi made a working or \u201cno frills\u201d trip to Washington. It was a chance for him to meet President
News Roundup for July 13, 2017 News comes and news goes. 1. Two U.S. volunteers died fighting the Islamic State group in Syria last week. They had joined
'Newly Discovered' Amelia Earhart Pic Is BS, Military History Buff Says Kota Yamano says it took just a half hour to debunk a theory that Earhart was captured by the Japanese.
Saudi Arabia Allows Girls To Take Physical Education Classes Critics who say female participation in sports is immodest blocked the move for years.
Brazil's Former President Found Guilty Of Corruption Lula was sentenced to nine and a half years in prison. He will appeal the conviction.
Pope Francis Announces A New Way To Become A Saint There are now four paths to sainthood in the Roman Catholic Church.
The New Virtual Caliphate And Its Implications ISIS is good at restructuring.
Yemen\u2019s Calamity Is Of Damning Proportions It is hard to imagine that along with the catastrophe that has been inflicted on Syria for the past six years, another calamity
Net Neutrality May Already Have Died Former FCC Chair Tom Wheeler wanted to see the concept \u201cNet Neutrality\u201d \u2015 the idea that the web be free of all restrictions
U.S. Hands Off Iran I just travelled to Iran where was I was invited to speak at the University of Tehran about human rights and \u201chumanitarian
Brexit And The Long History Of English Property Owners In France Thus in two centuries, the profile of the British in France has completely changed. In the beginning of the 19th century
ISIS Soldiers Aren't The Only Ones Who Brutalized Mosul's Civilians, Report Says The Iraqi army and U.S.-led coalition forces killed thousands in airstrikes.
Distrust and Verify Before leaving office, President Obama issued an Executive Order that lifted some U.S. sanctions on Sudan for six months
Gulf Crisis By James M. Dorsey The five-week-old Gulf crisis raises questions about the fundaments of international relations, the definition
In Kenya\u2019s Drylands, Education Is An Insurance Policy, But Only For Some \u201cIt will take time for our children to go to school and get jobs, but at least there is hope that, someday, someone will be there for us.\u201d
Saudi Arabia And United Arab Emirates Accuse Qatar Of Crimes They Have Committed You are either with us or against us, declared Ambassador Omar Saif Ghobash, who represents the United Arab Emirates in Russia
Universal Basic Income Could Work In Southeast Asia -- But Only If It Goes To Women Creating economic security for women is also key to a country\u2019s development. Southeast Asian women in poorer income brackets
New Delhi Is Running Out Of Water Unsustainable water policies Delhi\u2019s current water policy, instituted by the ruling left-wing Aam Admi Party in 2015, promises
Global Series Catesby Holmes, The Conversation; Clea Chakraverty, The Conversation; Fabrice Rousselot, The Conversation, and Stephan Schmidt
Yemen\u2019s Cholera Outbreak Reaches Grim Milestone The situation is spiraling out of control, says the International Committee of the Red Cross.
Two Or Three Things I Know About Simone Veil She was both imperious and gentle. Irascible and giving.
Inside Venezuela's Economic Collapse By the end of the decade, the \u201cillusion of harmony\u201d had faded, replaced by a long period of economic instability. Inflation
Government Corruption Exacerbating Bangladesh\u2019s Environmental Catastrophes I knew visiting Dhaka in monsoon season was a bit of a gamble, a worry confirmed when I joined thousands of other Bangladeshis
Will Trump Open A Pandora's Box Of Litigation Over Cuban Property? If the president fails to continue the suspension of Title III, business relations will be disrupted far more severely and irreparably than they would be by any regulatory change.
Looks Like Trump Administration Is Serious About Ukraine Kyiv had a very good week. On July 9, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson announced that sanctions against Russia will
Iraq Declares A Brilliant Victory In Mosul Three years ago, I was visiting Iraq as the self-declared Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) was advancing fast in territories
Hundreds Of Thousands Take To The Streets To Protest Crackdown In Turkey The march is the biggest protest yet against the crackdown that followed last year's failed military coup.
Australian Journalist's Devastating Take On Trump At G-20 Goes Viral The U.S. president \managed to diminish his nation and to confuse and alienate his allies,\u201d Chris Uhlmann says.
UNESCO Designates New World Heritage Sites They include ancient cities, sacred islands and historic cave art.
Pope Francis Warns Of 'Dangerous' Alliance Between U.S. And Russia The two countries are among world powers that have a \distorted vision of the world,\ he said.
South Sudan Marks 6 Years Of Independence As 6 Million Go Hungry More than half the population is severely food insecure.
Activists And Police In Hamburg Clash For Third Night In A Row German Chancellor Merkel condemned the violence but also said the majority were peaceful and legitimate protesters.
Iraqi Prime Minister Declares 'Victory' Over ISIS In Mosul The battle has left large parts of Mosul in ruins, killed thousands of civilians and displaced nearly one million people.
U.S.-Russian Brokered Ceasefire Deal Takes Effect In Southwest Syria \u201cThe situation is relatively calm,\u201d said a spokesman for the Alwiyat al-Furqan rebel group in the Quneitra area.
The End Of The Battle For Mosul Brings The Start Of A Huge Task To Rebuild The destruction caused by nine months of fierce fighting comes into plain sight.
White House Struggled With Asian Leaders Names And Countries At G-20 It\u2019s never a dull moment for White House fact checkers.
All The UAE\u2019s Men By James M. Dorsey With attention in the Middle East focussed on the Gulf crisis, the United Arab Emirates is elsewhere seeking
Trump Administration Should Exit Syrian Civil War The administration\u2019s slide toward confrontation in Syria policy is mad.
Migrants/Refugees There are moves afoot to relocate Syrians to \u201csafe zones\u201d along the Lebanese-Syrian border, but that faces countless political
At Least 2 Killed In Blaze At El Salvador Ministry At least 22 others were injured when a major fire broke out in El Salvador\u2019s Finance Ministry.
8 People Found Dead Under Collapsed Apartment Building In Italy The block collapsed in the town of Torre Annunziata on Friday morning.
Putin Says Trump Was 'Satisfied' With His Election Meddling Denials \[Trump] asked pointed questions, I answered them. It seemed to me that he was satisfied with those answers,\u201d the Russian president said.
2 Americans Gored On Second Day Of Pamplona's Running Of The Bulls Ten people were hospitalized following Saturday's run.
G-20 Communique Exposes Divide With U.S. On Climate Policy The section that needs to be resolved relates to the U.S. insistence that there be a reference to fossil fuels.
Scavenging For Books Beneath The Rubble In Daraa Teachers and volunteers in a rural Daraa town are braving bullets and airstrikes to rescue books from beneath the wreckage
China Is Building Massive Panda-Shaped Solar Fields It's a pretty adorable project.
Bolivia Is Home To Latin America\u2019s Highest Rates Of Sexual Violence Bolivia has the highest rates of sexual violence in Latin America with one in every three women experiencing some kind of
In Front Of Pe\u00f1a Nieto, Trump Says He 'Absolutely' Wants Mexico To Fund Border Wall The leaders met for the first time after abruptly canceling a meeting in January.
Japan Floods Force Nearly 80,000 From Homes, Leave At Least 6 Dead \The roads were like rivers,\u201d a witness said.
U.S., Russia Reach Ceasefire Deal In Southwest Syria, U.S. Official Says The U.S. and Russian presidents met at the G20 summit on Friday.
2 Americans Gored On Opening Day Of Pamplona's Running Of The Bulls The men, aged 29 and 35, were among three people gored on Friday.
Belgrade\u2019s Young Refugees Once Hidden In Plain Sight, Now Disappear Growing Up a Refugee During my visit in February, before the eviction dispersed Belgrade\u2019s young refugees, it appears little
Rare Footage Reportedly Shows Korean 'Comfort Women' Forced To Work In Brothels During WWII There may have been as many as 200,000 Korean victims.
'Half The City Is Burning' Demonstrators smashed shop windows, torched cars and set fires in the streets.
Left With No Choice Caught between a rock and a hard place, Egyptian general-turned-president Abdel Fattah Al-Sisi has agreed to allow thousands
Is Lynching The New Normal In India? While some welcomed Modi\u2019s remarks, many doubt that they will have any impact on the ground. In August 2016, the prime minister
Has The EU Really Solved Its Refugee Crisis? Tamara Tubakovic, University of Melbourne and Philomena Murray, University of Melbourne Less than two years after the European
News Roundup for July 7, 2017 Here\u2019s some second hand news. 1. Walter Shaub Jr., the director of the Office of Government Ethics, resigned yesterday. Because
North Korea Just Launched An ICBM. Here's What Experts Think Could Happen Next. Monday's missile test shouldn't come as a surprise, but it does signal alarming progress.
Here's A Visual Guide To North Korea's Missile Test, And Why It Matters North Korea has at least 16 different missiles in various stages of development.
The Maddening Maze Of Getting A Syrian Passport Abroad After these initial screenings, it takes another 45 days to get a response to the passport request. If accepted, submitting
Turkey Detains Amnesty International Staffers, Accuses Them Of Belonging To Terror Group It's likely connected with the country's post-coup crackdown.
Indian Court Rules Deceased Guru Can Be Kept Preserved In A Freezer Followers of Ashutosh Maharaj claim the guru is in a deep meditative state.
With America No Longer A 'Friend,' Angela Merkel Looks To China As New Partner During a state visit to Berlin this week, Chinese President Xi Jinping hailed a \new beginning\ for the two countries.
Donald Trump Receives Warm Welcome In Poland As The Country Shifts Right Amid fears the Polish government is attacking the rule of law, Trump gives it his seal of approval.
Hamburg Police And Protesters Clash Violently As Trump Arrives For G-20 Summit German authorities are preparing for 100,000 demonstrators to hit the city.
Great Barrier Reef Not 'In Danger' Despite Devastating Bleaching, Says UNESCO \Serious concern\ about the threats facing the reef remain, though, according to the United Nations agency.
To Fight Radicalization In Southeast Asia, Empower The Women Serina Abdul Rahman, National University of Singapore and Christopher H Lim, Nanyang Technological University Women have
News Roundup for July 6, 2017 The news is the blues. 1. Trump says he is planning \u201cvery severe things\u201d to punish North Korea. If this doesn\u2019t terrify you
Extremism Report Puts Saudi Arabia And British PM May On The Spot, Strengthens Qatar In Gulf Crisis By James M. Dorsey A report charging Saudi Arabia with funding extremism in Britain puts both the kingdom and Prime Minister
Is Indonesia Safe From Islamic Extremism? By Jeremy Menchik, Boston University In May, the governor of Jakarta, Indonesia \u2013 a Christian \u2013 was convicted for blasphemy
Mexican Mayor Weds Crocodile To Bring Good Luck To Village The ceremony symbolizes a long-ago union between two indigenous groups.
China Refuses Overseas Treatment For Critically Ill Nobel Peace Prize Winner Authorities will only allow doctors to see Liu Xiaobo in China.
Supporters Of Venezuela's Embattled President Storm National Assembly Building Several lawmakers and journalists were injured.
Pentagon Insists It Can Defend U.S. From Any North Korean Threat \We do have confidence in our ability to defend against the limited threat, the nascent threat that is there,\ said a Pentagon spokesman.
North Korea Closing Off Diplomatic Solutions, Haley Says Haley says the U.S. will use force \if we must, but we prefer not to have to go in that direction.\
Danish Muslim Politician Confronts Troll Who Claims He's 'Really Not Racist' \u201cHow can we sit here one meter apart and still be so far apart from each other?\u201d
French President Looks Like He's In An Action Movie, And People Are Really Excited Emmanuel Macron got lowered from a helicopter onto a nuclear submarine.
Newly Discovered Photo Suggests Amelia Earhart Survived Plane Crash (UPDATED) Researchers believe the famed pilot may have been captured by the Japanese.
The Kurds Under Erdogan's Tyrannical Governance Tens of thousands have been killed over 40 years of bloodletting between Turkish forces and the Kurdistan Workers\u2019 Party
Fight Or Flight? For Young People In Venezuela, That Is The Question Emilio Osorio Alvarez, Universidad Central de Venezuela Daily marches against the government of Nicol\u00e1s Maduro are in their
Reaffirming Rights After French And British Votes Defending against right-wing populism requires standing up for democratic values.
No Time To Stand Still The G20 summit opens with a sense of optimism, but it should be cautious optimism that prevails.
France's U.S. Ambassador Says Donald Trump Is Harming Global Stability \I think it\u2019s impossible to move on without America, and I think also that the United States really can\u2019t let the world move on.\u201d
Donald Trump Takes Aim At China In Response To North Korea Missile Launch The president has expressed frustration China hasn't increased pressure on the North.
Teen Who Plotted 9/11 Attack On Elton John Concert Given Life Sentence Haroon Syed, 19, from London admitted to researching weapons and potential targets for a terror attack.
Colombian Militants Have A New Plan For The Country, And It's Called 'Insurgent Feminism' Betting on change Gender roles remain rather traditional in Colombia, where women are largely relegated to the domestic sphere
LGBTQ Rights In Mainland China Looking Gloomy After Taiwan\u2019s New Ruling On Same-Sex Marriage Although Rela is commonly described as a dating app, it is much more than just a \u201cTinder for lesbians\u201d. Besides its match
Qatar A Qatari refusal to bow to the dictate of its larger neighbors is a case study of the place of small states in international
Can Caribbean Cricket Get Its (Political) Groove Back? Trinidad\u2019s semi-professional cricket, long a feeder for Caribbean cricketers to play broad, has lost of its lustre. Tom Hodgkinson
Will Conservatives Learn Anything About The Need For Regulations From London Fire That Killed Dozens? What\u2019s the difference between an accident and an outrage? The fire at Grenfell Towers, London, that killed at least 80 people
North Korea Focus Of Trump Calls With Japan, China They also discussed trade issues.
Police Source RMC radio said had mental health problems and was sentenced in 2016 for making comments in favor of terrorism.
Tour Bus Bursts Into Flames After Crash In Germany, Killing At Least 18 The bus collided with a truck in the state of Bavaria.
Fiery Bus Crash Leaves Multiple People Dead In Germany The bus was carrying a group of tourists.
Merkel's Party No Longer Describing U.S. As A 'Friend' The change in wording underscores how relations between Berlin and Washington have deteriorated under Trump.
Over 120 Nations At The UN Are About To Ban Nuclear Weapons Setsuko Thurlow was thirteen years old when the first atomic bomb ever used on people ripped through Hiroshima, including
How Do You Measure Commitment To The Iran Nuclear Deal? While Iran\u2019s targets are technical and verifiable, the targets for U.S. compliance are not.
U.S. Warship Sails Near Disputed Island In South China Sea The operation was meant to challenge three countries' competing claims over the island.
Fire Rips Through Syrian Refugee Camp The camp had been home to 102 families.
Tower Of Human Skulls Casts New Light On Aztecs Archaeologists have found more than 650 skulls caked in lime near the site of the Templo Mayor.
Militants In Mali Release Video That Appears To Show 6 Western Hostages A narrator speaking in English said the clip showed hostages from South Africa, France, Colombia, Australia, Romania and Switzerland.
Italy \u201cIf the only ports refugees are taken to are Italian, something is not working,\ the country's interior minister said.
2018 Swedish Music Festival Cancelled After Sexual Assault Reports At This Year's Event Multiple cases of sexual violence -- including rape -- reported at Bravalla Festival for second year in a row.
China Cracks Down On Web Videos, Censoring Queer Content President Xi Jinping has overseen measures to clamp down on independent online media.
All-Girl Robotics Team In Afghanistan Risked Death To Compete In U.S. But Were Still Denied The girls were \crying all the day\ when they learned their visas would be denied.
Pakistan's 'Love Us Or Else' Strategy As the Trump administration finalizes its policy towards Afghanistan, a series of articles and speeches (by key Pakistani
China 'Outraged' By U.S. Arms Deal With Taiwan China\u2019s embassy to the U.S. urged Washington to revoke its \u201cwrong decision\u201d immediately.
Philippine President Duterte Marks One Year In Office As Human Rights Suffer At least 7,000 people are dead and martial law has been declared in one region of the country.
Merkel Vows To Fight Trump Over Action On Climate Change \u201cWhoever believes the problems of this world can be solved by isolationism and protectionism is making a tremendous error.\
A Teenage Syrian Refugee On A Mission To Educate Her Generation Nineteen-year-old refugee education campaigner Muzoon Almellehan has become the youngest-ever\u00a0UNICEF\u00a0goodwill ambassador
Why So Many Journalists Are Disappearing And Dying In Mexico Seven reporters have been killed in Mexico so far this year.
Female Police Squads Tackle Street Harassment In India To combat sexual harassment in public spaces, the city of Jaipur, Rajasthan, is sending out all-female police squads. They\u2019re
Israel\u2019s Quiet Campaign to Gain a Foothold in Southern Syria Despite its official policy of non-intervention, Israel has taken on a very proactive role in Syria, working to establish
German Lawmakers Vote To Legalize Same-Sex Marriage LGBTQ rights get a big win in Europe's most populous country.
Black-Market Baby Trade Flourishes In India After Adoption Law Reform The recent uncovering of a major baby-trafficking racket in eastern India has brought the issue of Indian adoption into the
Will Congress Confront Trump Administration's Syria War 'Adhocracy?' For a statement that was intended to read like a bright red line, this week\u2019s White House statement on Syria created more
Mosul Is Liberated From ISIS, But Mission Is Not Accomplished Yet The timing of the ISIS advance to Mosul could not have been worse.
In India, A Legislative Reform Is Needed To Push Corporate Social Responsibility Ameeta Jain, Deakin University and Sandeep Gopalan, Deakin University The corporate social responsibility (CSR) movement
After The Mayor's Defeat, Lampedusian Voters Face A Global Media Backlash Daniela DeBono, European University Institute Giusi Nicolini, the Nobel Prize-nominated, Olof Palme Prize-winning and UNESCO
Saudi Arabia's Ruthless Crown Prince Threatens Neighbors, Unsettles Middle East Saudi Arabian King Salman bin Abdulaziz has shaken his nation\u2019s closed political system by making his youngest son his heir
Australian Police Charge Vatican Treasurer Over Historical Sexual Assaults Cardinal George Pell faces multiple charges in connection to historic sexual assault offenses.
Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert Wins Early Release From Prison He was serving a 27-month prison term for corruption.
Twitter Protests Trump's Travel Ban With #GrandparentsNotTerrorists Banning grandparents won't make the U.S. safer.
Lackluster National Anthem Singers Could Face Jail Time Under Proposed Philippines Law Singing of the anthem \u201cshall be mandatory and must be done with fervor,\u201d according to the Philippine House of Representatives-approved bill.
In Symbolic Victory, Iraqi Forces Capture Historic Mosul Mosque From ISIS The insurgents blew up the medieval mosque and its landmark leaning minaret a week ago.
Chinese Province Larger Than Texas Just Ran For An Entire Week On Only Renewable Energy Qinghai province used only wind, solar and hydroelectric power to supply its population of 5.8 million.
Temperature In Iranian City Reaches 129 Degrees \u2014 Among The Hottest Ever Recorded Yet another heat record bites the dust.
Gulf Crisis Stalemate Fuels Fears In Muslim Asia Vulnerable Asian states are bracing for possible pressure to back a Saudi-UAE boycott of Qatar as efforts to mediate an end
It Is In America's Interest To Keep Kazakhstan Engaged \u2013 And On Its Side This month, Kazakhstan kicked off Astana Expo 2017, the first international exposition to be held in the former Soviet Union
Venezuela Helicopter Attack Exacerbates A Deteriorating Crisis \We are living in anarchy.\
Police Helicopter Strafes Supreme Court, Government Ministry In Venezuela There were no reports of injuries.
How To Fix Latin America's Homicide Problem Latin America is where the most murders in the world happen. In 2016, at least 43 of the 50 most homicidal cities in the
Here's How India Can Become More Integrated In Global Trade Deeparghya Mukherjee, National University of Singapore Global commerce has been changing since the late 20th century. Rather
How One Midwife In Guatemala Empowers An Entire Community Progress on the Sustainable Development Goals is happening in many forms. It is not exclusively because of those who hold
Germany Warns Turkish Guards Accused Of Assaulting D.C. Protesters To Not Attend G-20 A foreign ministry official says \those people are not welcome in Germany for the foreseeable future.\
Russia Slams U.S. Warning To Syria Over Chemical Weapons As 'Unacceptable' The White House hinted at a new chemical weapons threat on Monday.
Justin Trudeau's Pride Socks Have A Not-So-Hidden Message Canada's Prime Minister said the event was all about inclusivity.
United States' Image Takes A Beating Under Trump, Survey Shows An overwhelming majority of people in other countries have no confidence in Trump's ability to lead.
Scotland Puts Plans For Second Independence Referendum On Hold First Minister Nicola Sturgeon announced the government would wait until Brexit was clear.
White House Warns Syria Against Launching Another Chemical Weapons Attack \u201cIf ... Mr. Assad conducts another mass murder attack using chemical weapons, he and his military will pay a heavy price.\
Cyber Attacks Cripple Companies Worldwide Petya is malware that makes computers inoperable by encrypting their hard drives and demands ransoms in exchange for a digital key to restore access.
Reducing Domestic Violence Helps All Of Haiti Domestic violence is a human rights issue, a public health issue and an economic development issue.
'We Thought Gender Was Only For Educated People' Cross-posted from UN Women \u201cI have been a farmer for as long as I can remember. Now, a widow with two married daughters, farming
British PM Strikes Deal With Northern Ireland Party To Prop Up Her Minority Government The details of the deal were not immediately released.
BTS Proves K-pop's Power With Spot On Time Magazine's Most Influential List K-pop is here to stay, y'all.
Brazil's President Michel Temer Charged With Corruption The country's top prosecutor has charged the president with accepting bribes.
Reinventing The French People PARIS \u2013 \u201cIt is accomplished\u2026\u201d In the years when I listened to music nonstop, the passage marked by those words was for me
Mothers Around The World Are Dying -- Let's Hashtag That I was in the room when my daughter was born. That was 15 years ago. Since then, more than 4 million mothers worldwide have
Keeping Peace In Asia Requires Accommodating, Not Confronting, China SHANGHAI, CHINA\u2014Three decades ago, the People\u2019s Republic of China was an economic backwater. Today, the PRC sports the world\u2019s
How The Vietnamese Cult Of Heroes Promotes Nationalism In Politics Many argue that the cult of Saint Tr\u1ea7n has become a part of Vietnam\u2019s national intangible heritage and goes with medium possession
The Israeli-Palestinian Conflict And The Role Of President Macron Gilles Pargneaux, MEP, and Professor Alon Ben-Meir, New York University Over the years, the Israeli-Palestinian conflict
News Roundup for June 26, 2017 Here\u2019s a reductive look at the world today. 1. Turkish police used tear gas and rubber bullets on LGBTQ+ activists who tried
As A Refugee First-Responder, I've Seen People Risk And Lose Their Lives At Sea Many are willing to endure unthinkable horror to escape strife in their homeland.
All 75 Building Samples Sent For Fire Safety Testing Since The Grenfell Tragedy Have Failed The results are sure to raise new questions for British regulators and authorities.
Turkish Police Move To Disperse Istanbul Pride Rally The march had been banned for the third year in a row.
Tourist Boat Sinks In Colombia With Nearly 160 On Board At least six people died.
Oil Tanker Explosion Kills 146 People In Pakistan An estimated 20 children were among the dead.
Crisis Puts Future Of Saudi Reforms And GCC In Doubt The stakes for 31-year-old Prince Mohammed and Saudi Arabia\u2019s ruling Al Saud family are high.
Emmanuel Macron And The Post-Revolutionary Idea PARIS \u2013 No, Parisian voters are not \u201cvomitatious,\u201d as the pathetic Henri Guaino proclaimed Monday after losing his seat in
Another Light Goes Out In Bahrain As Al Wasat Closes Yesterday\u2019s letter from the Board of Directors to the staff of Bahrain\u2019s only independent newspaper Al Wasat was a heavy
Congress, Amartya Sen, And The Saudi-Imposed Famine In Yemen It's beyond reasonable dispute that Saudi Arabia\u2019s war and blockade in Yemen would not be possible without U.S. approval.
What It's Like To Observe Ramadan As A Refugee The holy month traditionally brings families together, but that's not possible for many displaced Muslims.
REPORT The decision would break with longstanding protocol at the State Department over how to identify offending countries.
Migrant Women Sentenced For Having Unmarried Sex In Qatar In Qatar, like in most of the Middle East, \u201czina\u201d laws ban unmarried couples from having sex. Rights advocates say those
Waiting For A U.S. Visa In The Taliban Heartland The U.S. special immigrant visa program offers a way out for Afghans in danger after working with the Americans. But delays
Hopes Fade For More Than 90 Missing In China Landslide Authorities at the scene said on Sunday that 10 bodies had been confirmed recovered.
Protecting Egypt And Its Coptic Christians In many ways, the future of Egypt will be shaped by how the government and the majority of Egyptians treat the country\u2019s
U.S. Should Host 2022 World Cup, Not Qatar Qatar won the bid to host the 2022 FIFA World Cup. Qatar\u2019s victory came amid controversies concerning bribery and corruption
North Korea Says Otto Warmbier's Death A 'Mystery To Us As Well' He was brought back from North Korea with brain damage.
It's Been A Long, Crazy Year Since Britain's Shocking Brexit Vote But public opinion on the impending U.K.-EU divorce hasn't changed as much as you might think.
Qatar Says Neighbors' Demands Have Nothing To Do With Terror Qatar's ambassador to the U.S. offers the first glimpse of how the country is responding to demands presented on Friday.
EU Leaders Find Theresa May\u2019s Initial Brexit Proposals \u2018Insufficient\u2019 Britain's negotiations with the European Union are off to a rocky start.
Journalists Challenge Syrian Media To Improve Gender Coverage In War The Syrian Female Journalists\u2019 Network was founded to ensure better coverage of gender issues and better representation of
A Refrigerator Started The London Fire, Police Say The tragedy wasn't deliberate.
Taliban \u201cThe more they insist on maintaining the presence of their forces here or want a surge of their forces, the more regional sensitivity against them will intensify.\
Saudi-UAE Demands Challenge Fundamentals Of International Relations By James M. Dorsey A list of 13 conditions for lifting the Saudi-UAE led embargo of Qatar handed to the Gulf state this week
Saudi Implosion In 2015, upon becoming the King of Saudi Arabia, Salman bin Abdul-Aziz took a decision that cracked the foundation of the
Mass Sexual Violence Leaves Rohingya Women Traumatized And Stateless The United Nations has documented shocking accounts of sexual violence, including gang rape, against Rohingya women and girls
Prince Philip Leaves Hospital After Being Treated For Infection The Duke of Edinburgh spent two nights in the hospital.
Church Of England 'Colluded And Concealed' Sex Abuse Of Young Men, Report Finds \There are no excuses whatsoever for what took place,\ the archbishop of Canterbury said.
More Than 5 Million Iraqi Children Are In Urgent Need Of Humanitarian Aid Violence in Iraq is \u201cturning childhoods into nightmares of brutality, displacement and loss,\u201d a grim new UNICEF report says.
Hundreds Of London Buildings Have To Be Tested For Flammable Materials After Deadly Fire The Grenfell Tower tragedy killed at least 79 people.
Physician Says Racist 'White Doctor' Rant Reflects Larger Issue In Canada \When someone accuses you that way or treats you that way, you feel like an alien.\u201d
Hate Crimes Soar In Manchester Following Attack At Ariana Grande Concert Such a spike is typical, police say.
North Korea Carries Out Another Rocket Engine Test, U.S. Officials Say The test could be part of its program to develop an ICBM.
Government Action Isn't Enough For Climate Change. The Private Sector Can Cut Billions Of Tons Of Carbon By Michael Vandenbergh, Vanderbilt University and Jonathan M. Gilligan, Vanderbilt University With President Trump\u2019s announcement
'Cow Economics' Are Killing India's Working Class Hindu slaughterhouse owners, on the other hand, have been largely spared by the wrath of cow vigilantes and onerous regulations
Gulf Crisis Ties Global Soccer Governance Into Knots By James M. Dorsey International soccer governance is tying itself up in knots with football associations grappling with
News Roundup for June 22, 2017 Most of this news isn\u2019t fit to print. 1. At least 29 people have been killed by a car bomb explosion in Lashkar Gah, Afghanistan
When the Detainee Is American . . . The corpses pile up like sandbags along the planet\u2019s geopolitical borders. \u201cPerhaps his condition deteriorated and the authorities
Trump The scars of colonialism are everywhere to be seen\u2014India, Africa, the Middle East and indeed the world over. While historians
Will Germany Fulfill Its Responsibility For Europe's Defense? In recent history no European nation has demonstrated greater military prowess then Germany. That competence had tragic consequences
Record Numbers Of Venezuelans Seek Asylum In The U.S. Amid Political Chaos Venezuela is now America\u2019s leading source of asylum claimants.
Brussels Bomber Was Moroccan With No History Of Terrorism, Official Says He shouted \u201cAllahu akbar\u201d before being shot dead by soldiers on patrol.
India Leads World In Mass Yoga Practices On International Yoga Day 'Yoga has connected the world with India.'
ISIS Destroys The Mosul Mosque Where It Declared Its 'Caliphate' The Grand al Nuri mosque, built in the 12th century, was a part of Iraq's cultural heritage.
Saudi King Names Reformer Mohammed Bin-Salman As New Crown Prince Prince Mohammed bin Salman replaced Prince Mohammed bin Nayef in the role.
Here's What Saudi Arabia Promoting A New Top Prince Really Means King Salman elevated son Muhammed bin Salman, a key player in the Qatar crisis and Yemen war.
Trove Of Nazi Artifacts Found Hidden Behind Bookcase In Argentina The roughly 75 items were uncovered at an art collector\u2019s home during a raid by Interpol agents.
Jim Yong Kim Starts His Second Term As World Bank President Despite A Rocky First 5 Years Kim\u2019s leadership has endured consistent criticism.
Saudi Arabia's Quicksand After King Abdullah\u2019s death in 2015, his half-brother Salman ascended the throne of Saudi Arabia. He discarded his tribe\u2019s
'This Life Isn't Worth A Damn' Arabic is another casualty. It\u2019s hard to study a language without books or trips abroad, and yet today the Czech government
News Roundup for June 21, 2017 News is never not weird anymore. 1. Travis Kalanick has resigned as Uber\u2019s C.E.O. after pressure from their board. This is
Belgian Police Shoot Suspected Terrorist In Brussels Central Station \u201cWe consider this a terrorist attack.\
French Police Discover Weapons Cache In Home Of Champs Elysees Attacker The suspect was also carrying in his car an assault rifle, two pistols, ammunition and two large gas canisters when he rammed a police convoy.
5 Ways The Trump Administration Has Threatened Refugee Rights The global refugee crisis is only getting worse, yet the president is working to slash foreign aid and restrict refugee admissions.
Otto Warmbier's Family And Friends Remember Student With The 'Biggest Heart Of Anyone' He felt like \everyone's friend.\
Mass Murder Is The Norm In Democratic Republic of Congo Conflict Armed groups are battling the government, and innocent civilians are caught in the middle.
Marine Le Pen's Father Suggests She's 'Outlived' Her 'Usefulness' He said she should give up party leadership.
Asian \u2018Boat People,\u2019 Once Opposed More Than Syrian Refugees Today, Speak Out \u201cThere are a lot of innocent people who are refugees, and given the opportunity, [they] would give back 100 times more than what was given to them.\u201d
The Fastest-Growing Refugee Crisis Is The One You've Probably Heard The Least About More than 1.4 million South Sudanese people have been forced to flee across borders in the last year.
Canadian Mother Goes On Racist Rant About Just Wanting 'White Doctor' For Son \Being a white person in this country, I should just shoot myself.\
Otto Warmbier's High School Graduation Speech Celebrated Friendship And Unity \u201cWe know when someone is struggling, and we come together as a class to make things better.\u201d
NATO-Kosovo Cooperation The Kosovo Security Force (KSF) should be upgraded into a full-standing army and integrated into NATO\u2019s Partnership for Peace
In Cuba, The Post-Fidel Era Began 10 Years Ago Ram\u00f3n I. Centeno, Universidad Nacional Aut\u00f3noma de M\u00e9xico (UNAM) This article, originally published on January 23 2017, has
After Fifty Years Of Occupation, What's Next Dear President Abbas, Last week I sent an open letter to Prime Minister Netanyahu, criticizing him in the strongest terms
Afghanistan Must Determine Its Own Future Three U.S. soldiers were killed and a fourth wounded in Afghanistan\u2019s Nangarhar province this month, their killer an Afghan
The Tragic Death Of Otto Warmbier I can\u2019t stop thinking about Otto Warmbier. Maybe it\u2019s because I have a college student of my own, and maybe it\u2019s because
Italy\u2019s Migrant Reception System Is Breaking So far this year, Italy has received 19 percent more people than during the same period in 2016.
Refugee Or Migrant? Sometimes The Line Is Blurred From languishing in Peshawar and nearly suffocating in the back of a truck during the crossing into Europe, to working without
Russia Says It Will Track U.S. Planes As Potential Targets In Syria The move is retaliation for the U.S. shooting down a Syrian jet.
Even After Being Attacked, London Imam Responds To Violence With Peace He shielded the assailant from an angry crowd and asked the police to step in.
Suspect Dies After Car Carrying Explosives Rams Police Van In Paris France has been on high security alert following a series of attacks.
On Day One Of The Brexit Talks, EU Reminds Britain The Clock Is Ticking \u201cI am neither optimistic nor pessimistic. I am determined,\ the EU's chief negotiator said.
Several Injured After Vehicle Plows Into Crowd Near London Mosque One person has been arrested in what is being investigated as a potential terrorist attack.
How Obama Won The French Election A political consulting firm founded by former Obama volunteers helped Emmanuel Macron take over French politics.
Presumed Death Toll From London High-Rise Fire Climbs To 79, Police Say Police say five people who were reported missing have been found safe and well.
Suspect In London Mosque Terrorist Attack Identified Darren Osborne, 47, was arrested by police early Monday on suspicion of attempted murder.
Matador Fatally Gored After He Trips On Cape In French Bullring (WARNING Basque Ivan Fandino suffered heart attacks as he was rushed to a hospital.
What Can Europe Expect From A Macron Government French President Macron attends a ceremony marking the 77th anniversary of de Gaulle\u2019s resistance call of June 18, 1940. Bertrand
The GCC-Qatar Crisis Explained It all started on May 23 when an alleged fake news report run by a Qatari news agency stated Qatar\u2019s support for Iran and
When A River Is A Person Mihnea Tanasescu, Vrije Universiteit Brussel In the early 2000s, the idea of giving legal rights to nature was on the fringes
'I'm So Sorry' Michelle Mielly, Grenoble \u00c9cole de Management (GEM) and Nandita Sood Perret Social marketing in India has become increasingly
The Gulf Crisis Grappling For A Face-Saving Solution By James M. Dorsey A two-week old conflict in the Gulf goes to the core of key issues in international relations that hamper
News Roundup for June 19, 2017 So this weekend was a little nuts, eh? 1. In Virginia, a 17-year-old Muslim girl was murdered by a man as she returned to
Portugal Forest Fire Kills At Least 19, Government Says The fire, which has yet to be controlled, is already one of the deadliest forest fires in Portugal in decades.
Raging Forest Fire In Portugal Kills At Least 62 People \u201cIt is the greatest tragedy of human lives that we\u2019ve witnessed in Portugal in years,\u201d said Prime Minister Antonio Costa.
France's Macron Wins Big In Parliamentary Election But Voter Turnout At Record Low French President Emmanuel Macron\u2019s En Marche party won a commanding majority in parliament on Sunday.
London Mayor Survivors have been furious over the lack of aid and information.
Iraqi Forces Launch Final Assault On ISIS-Held Mosul \u201cThis will be a terrifying time for around 100,000 people still trapped in Mosul\u2019s Old City.\
Macron Wins Huge Majority In Second Round Of French Parliamentary Election Voter turnout was projected to be a record low.
Bodies Of Missing USS Fitzgerald Sailors Found In Flooded Compartments Seven sailors were reported missing after USS Fitzgerald collided with a container ship.
Gunmen Attack Popular Resort Outside Mali's Capital Malian security forces rescued dozens of people and killed five militants involved in the attack.
Catastrophe Looms If NGOs Are Forced To Halt Rescue Missions In Mediterranean, Report Warns As the number of migrants and refugees attempting to reach Europe soars, aid groups have come under fierce criticism from European politicians and officials.
At Least 3 Dead, 9 Injured In Explosion At Bogota Shopping Center Police said the device was placed in a toilet bowl in the second-floor restroom.
U.S. Warplane Shoots Down Syrian Army Jet The incident reportedly took place on Sunday afternoon.
Cuban Government Says Trump Will Not Weaken The Revolution Cuba\u2019s government denounced Trump\u2019s new measures to tighten the blockade on the island as a \u201csetback\u201d in U.S.-Cuban relations .
7 Sailors Reported Missing After USS Fitzgerald Collides With Container Ship Off Japan It's not yet clear what caused the accident.
At Least 58 Presumed Dead In London Tower Fire, PM May Admits Failings May admitted that the response from the authorities had not been good enough.
What We Didn't Know Or Chose To Ignore About The '67 War In June of 1967, I was in the midst of my final weeks in college when the war broke out. At the time, I knew little about
Thanks To Kickstarter, Thousands Of Endangered Penguins Will Get New Homes More than $188,000 has been raised on Kickstarter to build nests for the imperiled African penguin.
Relatives Of London Fire Victims Unleash Their Fury Upon Theresa May They're demanding justice.
Trump Sells Weapons To Qatar Just Days After Accusing It Of Funding Terror A $12 billion deal to buy U.S. F-15 fighter jets shows Qatar has deep-rooted support from Washington, a Qatari official said.
Russia's Military Says It May Have Killed ISIS Leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi The airstrike targeted a meeting of ISIS leaders and was carried out on May 28.
Helmut Kohl, Architect Of A Reunified Germany, Dies At 87 He was the country's longest-serving post-war chancellor.
Wrecking To 'Revitalise' Patricia Rodrigues Samora, Pontifical Catholic University of Campinas It was a rainy Sunday morning when S\u00e3o Paulo\u2019s \u201cCrackland
The Anti-Sharia Movement Is Plagued With Chicken Little Syndrome There is no evidence that sharia is infiltrating our political system or, frankly, that it ever could.
If Palestinians And Israelis Can Cooperate On The Environment... Investing in peace and the environment makes sense. Palestine and Israel are on the same side of the Paris Accord. In a world
India's Wells Are Running Dry Fast Asit K. Biswas, National University of Singapore; Cecilia Tortajada, National University of Singapore, and Udisha Saklani
With More Civilian Deaths Reported Each Week, The War On Terror Continues To Fail Upward We are stuck in a self-fulfilling cycle of perpetual war\u2014when will it end?
Fire Breaks Out At Mexico's Top Refinery, 9 People Hurt The blaze broke out at Mexican state oil producer Pemex\u2019s Salina Cruz refinery after a crude spill.
London's Deadly Fire Puts Pressure On Prime Minister Theresa May The blaze has led to anger at the government and a debate over public safety.
Death Toll From London Apartment Complex Fire Climbs To 17 Theresa May promised a public inquiry into the fire.
Demands For Answers Mount As London's Tower Fire Death Toll Rises The deadly blaze has triggered a debate on public housing and safety.
The \u2018Tale Of Two Kensingtons' \They are living in a different world to us.\ A dispatch from HuffPost UK.
Hindu, Christian, Muslim Soccer Players Pray In Powerful Display Of Unity \u201cEven though we all come from different religions and ethnicities, we\u2019re all one.\
In Mexico, A Firebrand Leftist Provokes The Powers That Be \u2013 Including Donald Trump Salvador V\u00e1zquez del Mercado, Universidad Nacional Aut\u00f3noma de M\u00e9xico (UNAM) With its 17 million people, Mexico State, which
How World Cities Moving Forward On Climate Change Leave The U.S. President Behind Mayor Bill Peduto was not alone. All in all, 175 mayors (and counting) of the biggest cities across the country, cutting
Corbyn\u2019s Performance In The U.K. Proves That The Left Is Right The Labour Party leader's electoral success demonstrates the need for a leftward shift in order for American progressives to succeed.
BAE Secretly Sold Mass Surveillance Technology To 'Many Repressive Governments' Britain\u2019s biggest arms manufacturer BAE secretly sold mass surveillance technology to six Middle Eastern governments repeatedly
Dennis Rodman Won't Explain North Korea Trip, But Weed Currency Paid For It Rodman is back with his friend Kim Jong Un.
Residents Describe Terrifying Escape From London Apartment Block Fire \We lost everything, everything. I\u2019ve got only what I\u2019m wearing on me.\
Borough Market Reopens Just 11 Days After The Deadly London Terror Attack Traders honored victims of the attack with a minute's silence and then applause.
12 Dead, Dozens Injured After London Apartment Complex Consumed By Flames \This is definitely the worst incident that I have ever seen,\ a nurse treating patients on the scene said.
One Man\u2019s Story Of Escaping The Khmer Rouge Government A friend of mine told me that he had recently met a Vietnamese man driving a tuk tuk in the streets of Phnom Penh. I didn\u2019t
Dramatic Photos Show London Apartment Building Enveloped In Flames Authorities have confirmed multiple fatalities.
Gunmen Take At Least 20 Hostage After Car Bombing In Somalia Al Shabab militants launched a deadly attack in the country's capital.
U.N. Says 300 Civilians Killed In U.S.-Led Strikes On Raqqa Since March Civilians are getting caught up in the fight to retake the city from ISIS.
Fasting Is One Of The Five Pillars Of Islam. But There Are Exceptions To The Rule Not all Muslims are expected to fast during Ramadan.
Baby Tossed From Burning London Building 'Miraculously' Caught, Says Witness \u201cIt was honestly like a horror movie unfolding in front of us,\ she said.
Defiant Londoners Sit In The Street For Ramadan Evening Meal After High-Rise Fire At the end of a somber day, Muslims gathered together to break the fast as a community.
Muslims Waking Up Early For Ramadan Were Among First To Respond To London Fire \Thank God for Ramadan.\u201d
Brazil's Biggest Problem Isn't Corruption \u2014 It's Murder Renato S\u00e9rgio de Lima, Brazilian School of Public and Business Administration (EBAPE/FGV) Somewhere between outraged and
Iraqi Kurdistan\u2019s Path To Independence The overwhelming majority of Kurds want independence.
Dispute Over Warship In The South China Sea Is A Return To 'Business As Usual' For U.S. And China Alessandro Uras, University of Cagliari The South China Sea is a volatile place \u2013 or rather, its politics are. China, Vietnam
News Roundup for June 14, 2017 Today\u2019s news is tomorrow\u2019s blues. 1. Six people lost their lives in one of the worst fires London has seen in decades. Reports
I'm Thrilled With Labour's National Success, And I'm Quitting The Party I am thrilled with the Labour Party\u2019s massive gains in the national election, and I am quitting the party. Why? Because the
Japan Moves Toward Passing Bill That Would Expand Definition Of Rape Many victims stay silent from shame or fear of criticism.
Kim Jong Un Pal Dennis Rodman Reportedly Heading To North Korea The mysterious trip comes at low point in U.S.-Pyongyang relations.
Hundreds Of Young Russians Arrested En Masse At Nationwide Protests More than 1,500 people were detained after the anti-Kremlin rallies, many of them students and young adults.
Kremlin Flouts U.S. Calls To Free Jailed Protesters \This is not the sort of calls we should be listening to.\
In Russia, State TV And The Internet Tell A Tale Of Two Protests Anyone relying on state TV would have concluded that some of the biggest anti-Kremlin protests in years were a non-event.
Macron Tells May Door Remains Open To Stay In EU But he cautioned it would be difficult to walk back once Brexit negotiations start.
Norway May Soon Ban Face Veils In Schools Proponents of the new bill say face veils \prevent good communication\ between teachers and students.
North Korea Releases U.S. Citizen Otto Warmbier His family says he had to be medically evacuated because he's been in a coma for 15 months.
Seeking Energy Security, Poland Welcomes U.S. Natural Gas But Defends Coal Power Samuele Furfari, Universit\u00e9 Libre de Bruxelles The first shipment of American liquefied natural gas (LNG) from Louisiana\u2019s
'More Questions Than Answers' After 2 Lions Poached At Animal Sanctuary \u201cBest friends\u201d Jos\u00e9 and Liso had been rescued from a circus and relocated to South Africa only a year earlier.
Russian Police Detain Opposition Leader Navalny Ahead Of Moscow Protest Navalny is mounting a long-shot bid to unseat Vladimir Putin in a presidential election next year.
Russian Police Brutalize Protesters During Anti-Kremlin March Scores of young people were bludgeoned and arrested.
Is Goldman Sachs Supporting Hunger And Oppression In Venezuela? The global investment bank has arguably afforded the oppressive and growingly unpopular reign of President Nicol\u00e1s Maduro a small but significant lifeline.
The Unfinished Six Day War To blame the Palestinians for the lack of peace is hypocritical at best.
How Architecture Is Helping Refugees Find Jobs In Sweden If the experiment is deemed a success, the structure can easily be taken apart and reconfigured elsewhere in the country or region.
May Hopes To Finalize Deal With Small Northern Irish Party To Cling To Power The British prime minister gambled away a parliamentary majority in an election she did not need to call.
Netanyahu Calls For Disbanding UN Agency Supporting Palestinian Refugees The agency provides aid to five million Palestinians.
Libyan Militia Frees Gaddafi Son Who Was Sentenced To Death Saif al-Islam's whereabouts are unclear.
Election Delivers A Commanding Parliamentary Majority For Macron Turnout was low across the country.
Iran Sends Food To Qatar Amid Diplomatic Crisis After Qatar's powerful neighbors cut ties with it last week, its citizens risk a serious food shortage.
Angela Merkel Says Border Walls Won't Solve Immigration Issues The German leader points to history to make her point while visiting Mexico.
Pakistan\u2019s Battle Against The Islamic State Pakistan\u2019s war against Islamist extremism does not seem to be ending anytime soon. While the country somewhat completed a
Gulf Crisis A Saudi and UAE-led campaign to force Qatar to halt its support for Islamists and militants is little else than a struggle
Obstinacy In The Qatar Conflict Will Have Dire Consequences There is no choice but to contain the crisis with Qatar because any further deterioration will force not just Qatar and its
Theresa May Isolated Ahead Of Brexit Talks As Key Aides Quit The prime minister's botched election gamble has left her government severely weakened.
Boko Haram Claims Major Attack On Key Northeast Nigerian City The attack on Nigeria\u2019s northeastern city of Maiduguri on Wednesday night killed at least 14 people.
Qatar, Accused Of Supporting Terrorism, Hires Ex-U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft U.S. President Donald Trump recently accused Qatar of being a \u201chigh level\u201d sponsor of terrorism.
Iraqi Girl Kidnapped By The Islamic State Is Reunited With Family \She forgot who her mother is, who her father is, that we are her family, but she will learn again,\u201d her mother said.
Japan Passes Law Allowing Emperor Akihito To Abdicate The abdication is likely to take place at the end of 2018, which would mark three decades on the Chrysanthemum throne for Akihito.
Theresa May To Form Fragile Government After Shock Election Debacle May said she could rely in parliament on the support of her \u201cfriends\u201d in Northern Ireland\u2019s Democratic Unionist Party after her governing Conservatives failed to emerge as clear winners.
UN Rights Chief Calls For International Investigation Into Congo Massacres At least 42 mass graves have already been found.
Did Jeremy Corbyn High-Five The Shadow Foreign Secretary's Boob? The Brits get awkward.
Asian Elephants Killed For Their Skin In Emerging Poaching Crisis Poachers aren't just after ivory
Theresa May's Political Future In Danger After Stunning Election Defeat 10 Downing Street indicated she would not resign, though.
Theresa May Secures Deal With Northern Ireland's DUP To Prop Up Government Here's what you need to know about the Democratic Unionist Party.
UK Election Leads To Hung Parliament With Theresa May's Failure To Reach Majority The United Kingdom\u2019s election in 2017 has lead to a hung parliament, with Theresa May\u2019s Conservative Party with only 314
She Became a Symbol of Genocide - Today She is a Symbol of Hope A sign that humanity is not completely dead. Yesterday afternoon at 2 PM, photographer and journalist Allen Kakony, received
Hung Parliament Let\u2019s all agree that politics in general are quit confusing and complicated. This is certainly the case as Brits wake up
Why Tunisia\u2019s Banks Are Its Main Economic Weakness Banks are in such poor conditions that it affects Tunisians\u2019 day to day lives. Zoubeir Souissi/Reuters, FAL Ben Hamadi Zouhour
The Resurrection Of Jeremy Corbyn The Labour Manifesto allowed voters to see that Corbyn stood for things they believed in.
Deadly ISIS Attack In Iran May Make Several Bad Situations Worse \It\u2019s going to have significant consequences for the country both domestically and regionally,\ an analyst predicts.
Wreckage Of Missing Myanmar Military Plane Found In Andaman Sea The aircraft, which carried 122 soldiers, family members and crew, disappeared on Wednesday afternoon.
Exit Poll Shows UK Conservatives Set To Lose Majority Government Official tallies are still to come, as the country waits to see results.
Saudi Athletes' Actions During Tribute To London Victims Spark Controversy The Saudi Arabian Football Federation has apologized.
This 99-Million-Year-Old Baby Bird Fossil Is Unlike Anything Ever Seen The amber-encased hatchling, found in Myanmar, features feathers, skin, and other tissue.
Islamic State's State Nearing An End The fighting is far from over, of course. The end is still months away, but it's probably not years away anymore.
Why The Campaign Against Qatar Is Doomed It has been apparent for some time that the war against the Islamic State (IS) group and its forebear al-Qaeda is by no means
Trump\u2019s Proposed Foreign Aid Cuts Put Women In Jeopardy This article was originally published in The Hill. Imagine you are a young mother in Uganda who has been forced into sex
United Arab Emirates Reportedly Bans Expressions Of Sympathy For Qatar Since the diplomatic row erupted, slogans against and in support of Qatar have been among the top topics discussed on Twitter in Arabic.
Attacks Cast Shadow On Final Day Of British Election Campaigning Theresa May needs a solid majority for her snap election gamble to pay off.
France Creates New Counter-Terrorism Unit After Notre Dame Attack On Tuesday, an Algerian student armed with a hammer attacked police officers outside the cathedral.
North Korea Fires Multiple Missiles, South Korean Military Says The hermit nation has conducted several missile tests this year in defiance of international sanctions.
Airbnb Is Making It Easier For Refugees To Find Temporary Housing People can open up their homes at no cost to those in need.
What To Know When ISIS Claims Responsibility For An Attack There's a familiar pattern in how the militant group takes credit for its terror.
Gunmen Launch Deadly Attack On Iranian Parliament, Mausoleum They were the first attacks claimed by Islamic State inside the tightly controlled Shi\u2019ite Muslim country.
How The British Prime Minister Blundered What Seemed A Sure-Thing Election Bid Theresa May's once-confident campaign has stumbled all the way to voting day.
The 'Boy In The Ambulance' Emerges In Interviews With Pro-Assad Media Experts warn that Omran's interviews are likely a public relations ploy by the Syrian government.
Revelers Taunt Animals During Peru Bull Run Festival, The Inevitable Happens Some people were reportedly drunk.
Death Toll From Kabul Truck Bombing Tops 150, Afghan President Says It was the deadliest attack in the Afghan capital since the ouster of the Taliban in 2001.
Theresa May Says She'll Change Human Rights Laws To Fight Terrorism If Need Be Think longer prison sentences and less freedom of movement for suspects.
U.S.-Backed Force Launches Battle To Capture ISIS Stronghold Of Raqqa ISIS captured Raqqa from rebel groups in 2014 and has used it as an operations base to plan attacks in the West.
Man Shot After Attacking Police Outside Paris' Notre Dame Police sources said the officers shot at the man after he had threatened them with a hammer and refused to stop.
London Mayor \I don\u2019t think we should be rolling out the red carpet.\
Wounded Londoner Recalls Charging At Armed Terrorists In Bare-Handed Fight Roy Larner's friends gave him a manual, \Learn to Run,\ as he recovered after being stabbed and slashed eight times.
China Is Forcing Muslim Children To Abandon 'Overly Religious' Names Banned names include Islam, Quran, Mecca, Jihad, Imam, Saddam, Hajj, Medina and Arafat.
Terror Attacks Won't Stop This London Muslim Group From Feeding The Hungry \We shan\u2019t be deterred.\
With A Flick Of His Mood, Trump Throws Allies Off Balance World leaders shift their views as they wonder if they can still trust the U.S.
Famine And Fighting -- Challenges Of Ordering A Disordered World Humanitarian catastrophe is becoming commonplace \u2013 part of a new normal in which fragile governments, violence, and conflict
As Iranians Vote For Peace, Trump Helps Saudi Arabia Pick Another Fight Iranian society extended its hand to the world, and the governments in Washington, Riyadh, and Tel Aviv responded with threatening clenched fists.
British Election Britain is facing yet another election on Thursday and is still wrestling with the repercussions of its vote to leave the
Protecting Education And Health Spending In Low-Income Countries IMF-supported programs are designed to help economies get back on their feet, but what about their impact on social spending
Populism Is Still A Threat To Europe \u2014 Here's How To Contain It Richard Maher, European University Institute Has the populist tide sweeping Europe crested? Six months ago, many European
Peaceful Protest In Buenaventura, Colombia Met With Terror While you wouldn\u2019t know it from the mainstream press which is too busy glorifying the violent, anti-government protests in
How Trump Should Approach U.S.-Cuba Policy The Trump Administration is about to reset U.S. Cuba policy.
Bridges And Roads In North-east India May Drive Small Tribes Away From Development The Idus, along with the Miju and the Digaru communities, comprise the larger Mishmi tribe. They have a symbiotic relationship
Qatari Statements Are Lies, Damned Lies Doha\u2019s actions simply do not match its words.
Police Officer Dances With Young Fans At Manchester Benefit Concert \This needs to be the image of the night.\
London Police Say Officer Injured While Taking On Attackers With His Baton \It became clear that he showed enormous courage in the face of danger, as did many others who were at the scene and rushed to help.\
3 Attacks In 3 Months Put Spotlight On Terrorism In The U.K. The latest violence comes just days before a general election.
Pope Francis Reminds The World That Caring For The Earth Is Everyone's Responsibility The Vatican has condemned Donald Trump's decision to pull the U.S. out of the Paris Agreement.
Londoners Search For New Words Of Condolence At Vigil For Year's Third Terror Attack Attackers killed seven people in Saturday's incident.
UK Labour Leader Jeremy Corbyn Calls On Theresa May To Resign \We should never have cut the police numbers,\ he said.
Trudeau Reaffirms Climate Change Fight Will Go On Despite Trump \Around the world, nearly every country is on our side.\
Gulf States In Diplomatic Crisis As Multiple Countries Cut Ties With Qatar The coordinated move dramatically escalates a simmering dispute over Qatar\u2019s support of the Muslim Brotherhood.
Why The Press Waited To Release The Names Of The London Attackers \u201cI would like to assure them and the public that this is directly assisting the progression of the investigation,\ authorities said.
Australian Police Shoot Dead Gunman In Melbourne Hostage Taking ISIS claimed responsibility for the confrontation.
New Details Paint Unsettling Pictures Of London Attackers The third attacker to be identified was reportedly apprehended by Italian authorities while trying to reach Syria.
Theresa May Distances Herself From Donald Trump Over London Mayor Criticism Trump had mocked Sadiq Khan\u2019s response to the latest terror attack in the British capital.
Over 100 British Muslim Leaders Refuse Funeral Prayers For London, Manchester Attackers And they called on other imams to do the same.
As London Remains Unbroken, Can The West Remain Intact? Reverberations from terrorist attacks in London and Manchester threaten to worsen deep social strains within the U.S.
Saudi-UAE Campaign To Isolate Qatar And Iran Puts Muslim Nations In A Bind A Saudi and UAE-driven campaign to isolate Qatar and by extension Iran puts non-Arab Muslim states in a bind and tests the
Should Lebanon Have Banned Wonder Woman? One doesn't have to be a supporter of Israeli militarism to think the ban was a mistake.
Muslim 'Instant Divorce' Law Divides India Afroz Alam, Maulana Azad National Urdu University In India, if you are a Muslim man, you can divorce your wife via a simple
When They Say Qatar, They Really Mean Iran There is a categorical targeting of Iran as the main, most active source of political instability in the Middle East.
50 Years Of Immoral Occupation Today, the Israeli occupation of the West Bank has reached the milestone of 50 years that will be recalled in shame. Fifty
The Case For US Engagement In The Western Balkans The United States has extraordinary influence in countries of the Western Balkans (Macedonia, Albania, and Kosovo). Engagement
Empowered Women Drive Environmental Conservation In Guatemala What do women\u2019s sexual and reproductive health and rights have to do with the environment? Everything, says Marco Cerezo
Turkey\u2019s Influence Network In Europe Is Leading To Tension Erdogan uses Turkey's religious network to expand government monitoring and gain popular support.
Creating A Network To Defeat A Network IFAW\u2019s tenBoma initiative aims to predict and prevent a poacher\u2019s next strike.
More Than A Thousand Soccer Fans Injured In Stampede In Italy's Turin About seven people were seriously hurt, including a seven-year-old boy who was trampled.
London Witnesses Tell Tales Of Survival After Deadly Terror Attack \The bar staff were amazing, I think they locked the door so no one got in,\ one man recalled.
Witnesses Recall Use of Chairs, Bottles To Fight London Terrorists \I started picking up bottles, I threw a chair at them, a stool, glasses. Anything I could get my hands on.\
Brother Of Portland Victim Shares Tribute With London After Attacks \We have to send a message of unity and love and peace across the world right now.\
London Mayor Defended on Social Media After Donald Trump's Tweet J.K Rowling and Christiane Amanpour are among those setting the record straight.
While Trump Slams London Mayor, Other World Leaders Send Support One of these things is not like the others...
What We Know About The Victims Of The London Attack Police raised the death toll from seven to eight after recovering a body from the River Thames on Tuesday.
Prince Harry Joins Prayers For London During Ramadan Dinner \Let peace and harmony prevail in communities all over the world.\
Photos Show Scene In London Morning After Deadly Terror Attacks London citizens brought flowers as police continue to investigate.
Mayhem In London Resist the urge to slide into the pit of echo chambers.
How Can We Better Protect Crowds From Terrorism? By Robert R. Friedmann, Georgia State University If it seems like every week, there\u2019s another terrorist attack \u2013 well, you\u2019re
Waiting For Lefty The Corbyn surge began in mid-May. There are enough voters registered to elect him. The question is how many will show up at the polls.
What Refugees Really Want They want information and hope more than \stuff.\
Deadly Blasts Hit Funeral Mourners After Protests In Afghan Capital The latest explosions continued a wave of violence in Kabul since a devastating truck bomb on Wednesday.
London Attack Sparks Arrests And Vows For New Strategy On Terror \Enough is enough,\ British Prime Minister Theresa May says.
Theresa May Slammed For Weak Response To Trump's Withdrawal From Paris Deal Many world leaders swiftly condemned the pullout, but the U.K. prime minister's \appalling\ reaction has triggered disappointment ahead of a key election.
World Pledges To Save 'Mother Earth' Despite Trump's Snub To Climate Pact China has emerged as Europe\u2019s unlikely partner in this and other areas - underlining Trump\u2019s isolation on many issues.
Accusing Russia Of Meddling In U.S. Election Is Like 'Blaming The Jews,' Vladimir Putin Says \ud83e\udd14
Dozens Killed In Botched Robbery Of Philippine Casino Many of the dead suffocated in the chaos as guests and staff tried to flee choking smoke at the complex.
Leo Varadkar To Become Ireland's First Openly Gay Prime Minister The 38-year-old son of an Indian immigrant will be the youngest person to hold office.
Britain's Snap Election Takes A Surprising Turn Days Away From The Vote New polls bring uncertainty and turn up the heat on the U.K. vote.
As Troops Withdraw, Women Fear Return Of Joseph Kony\u2019s LRA In the Central African Republic, the women of Obo are considering leaving their homes when Ugandan and U.S. troops abandon
Gunfire Rocks Manila Gambling Resort Philippine police deny that the incident was linked to terrorism.
Ravaged By Climate Change, The Great Barrier Reef May Never Be The Same The decline of the iconic reef is now inevitable, experts say.
Climate Change Drives Domestic Violence In Fiji The island nation of Fiji has one of the world\u2019s highest rates of domestic violence, and climate change disasters are making
Airline Passengers Tackle Man Who Rushes Cockpit In Bomb Threat Device was not dangerous and suspect with \mental health issues\ in custody, police said.
Shocking Photos Offer A Glimpse Of Deadly Political Unrest Engulfing Venezuela Dozens of people have died and thousands have been jailed in the recent clashes.
She Stopped Her Own Child Marriage. Now She's Doing The Same For Other Girls In Indonesia. At the age 13, Sanita stopped her own child marriage. She was too young to wed, and determined to stay in school, but understood
Lipstick Under My Burkha Anubha Yadav, University of Delhi \u201cWe see many films on male bonding, but hardly any on female bonding,\u201d award-winning Indian
After Trump's Visit, Saudi Arabia Hopes To Reinforce Its influence In The Region, Against Iran Adding a new dimension to the Iran\u2013Saudi rivalry is a set of domestic considerations, primarily originating from Saudi Arabia.
Robot Priest Is Ringing In The 500th Anniversary Of The Reformation Talk about deus ex machina.
\u2018We Are the Same Blood\u2019 A girl from the Dalit village of Harirajpur, in Odisha, chases a kite on the dried-up Mahanadi riverbed. This is the primary
Belgian Princess Damages Prime Minister\u2019s Hearing In Starter Gun Incident Charles Michel sought medical treatment after Princess Astrid pulled the trigger too close to him.
Intrepid Sisters Reveal How ISIS Depends On Role Of Women Two forensic social workers who visit Lebanon\u2019s notorious Roumieh prison gained a rare insight through inmates into the activity
Nearly 3,000 Venezuelans Arrested In Less Than 2 Months Of Explosive Protests More than 1,300 people remain in custody as authorities crack down on anti-government demonstrations.
Deadly Explosion Rocks Kabul's Diplomatic Quarter The Taliban denied responsibility and said they condemned attacks that have no legitimate target and killed civilians.
Coral Reefs Are Changing So Fast, Scientists Say We Need To Rewrite The Playbook \To steer coral reefs through the next century, we will need to be bold.\
Germany Suspends Deportation of Afghan Migrants After Kabul Attack It's a reminder of how few options are available to those seeking to escape violence and instability.
Caning Of Gay Men In Aceh Recent events in Indonesia should dispel any doubt about the rising influence conservative Sunni Islamist sentiment is having on the country\u2019s laws.
There Is No Peace In The Middle East Without Iran Donald Trump might have missed the most positive news from the Middle East last week. It was not his antagonistic declarations
The Trivialization Of The Ongoing Shiite Genocide In Pakistan One of the most important factors which determine the way an issue is understood, debated and addressed is the way it is
Three Things Could Happen To Lebanon As Syrian refugees Rush In Lebanon\u2019s situation should concern the world.
What Game Theory Says About Dealing With North Korea Byung-Seong Min, Griffith University North Korea fired its third missile in three weeks on May 29, once again drawing protests
Justin Trudeau Invites Pope Francis To Canada For Church Apology To Indigenous Peoples Starting in the 19th century, roughly 150,000 children were placed in \u201cresidential schools\u201d run by Christian churches.
Former Panamanian Strongman Manuel Noriega Dead At 83 Noriega, who ruled Panama from 1983 to 1989, spied for the CIA until the U.S. invaded and toppled his corrupt government.
Common Misconceptions About The Hijab Wearing a hijab can seem restrictive to those of us who are not of the Muslim faith. However, the truth is the vast majority
Baghdad Bomb Blasts Kill 20 And Wound 80 During Ramadan The attackers struck during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan when many people stay up past midnight and eat out to prepare for the next day\u2019s fast.
Iconic Little Mermaid Statue Vandalized In Whale Hunting Protest Graffiti nearby urged Denmark to \defend the whales of the Faroe Islands.\
China Being A 'Bully' In South China Sea, McCain Tells Australians Australia, a staunch U.S. ally, has so far refused to participate in freedom-of-navigation exercises in the fear of alienating Beijing.
Australia Seeks To Block Pedophiles From Leaving Country For Child Sex The legislation would deny passports to thwart child sex tourism.
Years-Long Truces End As Government Tightens Control On Damascus The recent government offensive against three rebel-held districts in Damascus is the first step in a major push to pressure
In Suriname, An Endless Refrain Rosemarijn Hofte, Royal Netherlands Institute of Southeast Asian and Caribbean Studies Recent street protests in Suriname
Organize. Stop Fascism. \u201cFascism was right since it derived from a healthy national-patriotic sensibility, without which a people can neither lay
Song And Dance For Leprosy Education In 1991, WHO set a numerical target to accelerate the effort to eliminate leprosy. Elimination was defined as less than one
The Small Hands Of Moroccan Recycling B\u00e9n\u00e9dicte Florin, Universit\u00e9 Fran\u00e7ois-Rabelais de Tours and Mustapha Azaitraoui, Universit\u00e9 Hassan Ier This article is based
Iran's Startups Promise Paradise For The Country's Unemployed Youth Stella Morgana, Leiden University Iran\u2019s self-proclaimed Silicon Valley stands on the road to mount Damavand, the tallest
Angela Merkel Is Merely Being Honest With U.S., Spokesman Says \u201cThe chancellor\u2019s words stand on their own... It was a deeply convinced trans-Atlanticist who spoke.\u201d
New Zealand's Iconic Yellow-Eyed Penguins Could Be Extinct Locally In 40 Years Climate change and other effects of human activity are driving the endangered penguin to the brink.
Putin Spurns Allegations That Russia Meddled In Foreign Elections The Kremlin did not try to influence the vote in France, he said at his first meeting with President Emmanuel Macron.
Macron, Alongside Putin, Denounces Russian Media Outlets For Election Meddling The French president accused two news outlets of spread false information about him during his campaign.
Chemical Weapons A Red Line In Syria, Says France's Macron \u201cAny use of chemical weapons would results in reprisals and an immediate riposte, at least where France is concerned,\u201d said the president.
Tiger Attacks And Kills Keeper At U.K. Zoo The Hamerton Zoo Park called the fatal incident a \freak accident.\
Brazil's Crisis Is A 'Graduation Dilemma,' And There's No Easy Way Out Carlos Milani, Rio de Janeiro State University Tape recordings of Brazilian President Michel Temer and Senator Aecio Neves
Trans Pacific Partnership To Forge Ahead Without The U.S. \u2013 At Least For Now Rodrigo Zeidan, NYU Shanghai Free trade used to be a rallying cry for mainstream North American politicians. Back in the
Some Members Of Manchester Bomber's Network May Still Be At Large Police said on Sunday they had arrested a 14th person in connection with the attack.
Mudslides And Heavy Rain Leave Over 150 Dead In Sri Lanka Half a million people are displaced.
North Korea Test-Fires Another Ballistic Missile Sunday\u2019s launch comes just a week after the previous test.
Angela Merkel Says Europe Must Take Its Fate Into Its Own Hands Her remarks come days after Trump's awkward summit with the continent's leaders.
Bodies Of Civilians Dumped Near Besieged City In The Philippines ISIS-linked militants are suspected to have murdered eight civilians.
91 Seconds Spell Disaster For Bahrain The clip is only a minute and a half, but the White House video of President Trump meeting the king of Bahrain last week
Philippines President Duterte Says His Soldiers Can Rape During Martial Law \If you rape three, I will go to jail for you,\ he \jokes\ to troops.
Kenya Should Not Sign China And South Africa Coal Deal Kenya has one of the most promising futures in all of Africa, but is about to make a strategic mistake similar to one that
9 Things You Probably Didn\u2019t Know About Ramadan There\u2019s more to it than the fasting.
British Police Arrest Another Man After Manchester Attack It's the tenth person to be taken into custody in connection with Monday\u2019s Manchester attack.
UN Human Rights Chief Decries Civilian Casualties From Airstrikes In Syria Airstrikes killed nearly two dozen farmworkers, most of them women, in a village in eastern Raqqa and at least 59 civilians in residential areas of Deir al-Zor.
Trump Calls North Korea A 'Big Problem,' But Claims It Will Be Resolved North Korea\u2019s growing nuclear and missile threat is seen as a major security challenge for the president.
Masked Gunmen Kill 28 In Attack On Coptic Christians In Egypt Health Ministry officials said many children were among the victims.
Trump And Other Leaders Clash On Trade, Climate At G7 \u201cNo doubt, this will be the most challenging G7 summit in years.\u201d
U.S.-Led Airstrikes Kill More Than 100 Civilians In Syria That includes more than 40 children.
Refugee Women Bring Tastes Of Syria To Canada\u2019s Tables Syrian refugee women in Ontario have launched their own successful catering business, Karam Kitchen. It helps them not only
Justin Trudeau Is Romancing Emmanuel Macron And It's Too Much But what about Barack?
What The Pastor Brunson Jailing Tells Us about Turkey Erdogan intends to use Mr. Brunson as leverage against the Zarrab case. At this point, the Trump administration must decide
Could Paternity Leave Help Women Earn More? In Haiti, as in most nations, social distortions and inequalities make it harder for women to participate in the labor market as much as men.
Trump's Budget Cuts To International Aid Put Global Health Security At Risk Ana Rita Sousa Sequeira, Murdoch University US President Donald Trump\u2019s first budget request for fiscal year 2018 includes
No Humanity In S\u00e3o Paulo\u2019s Violent Crackdown On Cracol\u00e2ndia At dawn on Sunday, a neighborhood in the center of S\u00e3o Paulo, Brazil awoke to a violent and unanticipated onslaught of nearly
Egypt Blocks 21 Websites For 'Supporting Terrorism' The websites had been blocked in accord with \u201crelevant legal proceedings.\u201d
In Argentina, The Supreme Court Spurs National Outrage With Leniency For A 'Dirty War' Criminal In post-dictatorship Argentina, citizens, like the Mothers of the Plaza de Mayo, have been the guardians of justice. Argentine
NAFTA Renegotiation President Trump will pursue the renegotiation of the NAFTA agreement, triggering potential opportunities and leading to renewed risks.
Saudi\u2019s 'Legalized Jihad' Is Still Jihad In its words and its actions, Saudi Arabia nourishes the growing scourge of terrorism.
After The Floods, Zimbabwean Women Are Impatient To Get Back To Work Tropical storm Dineo destroyed the homes and livelihoods of hundreds of Zimbabwean women, who are now struggling to get back
Collecting Evidence Of War Crimes In Syria Law professor David Crane, who has a record of taking on the prosecution of war criminals, is keeping a detailed record of
Jewish Woman And Muslim Man Pray, Comfort Each Other At Manchester Memorial \We\u2019re in this together, and we\u2019ll get through this together.\
Stunning Photographs Show Kenyan Tribes Working To Save Baby Elephants \u201cWe take care of the elephants, and the elephants are taking care of us.\u201d
Philippine President Duterte Says He May Expand Martial Law Nationwide An Islamist militant attack in the southern Philippines has brought heavy fighting to the city of Marawi.
U.S. Warship Sails Within 12 Miles Of China-Claimed Reef This is the first such challenge to Beijing under President Trump.
UK Resumes Sharing Information with U.S. About Attack After Trump Calls For Probe British authorities were upset that U.S. intelligence had been leaking information about the case to the media.
Bomb Blast Hits Former Greek Prime Minister In Central Athens Lucas Papademos was injured and taken to hospital after the explosion.
U.S. Military Acknowledges More Than 100 Died In Mosul Strike A probe concluded that the U.S. strike in the Al-Jadida district inadvertently triggered explosives placed in the building by ISIS fighter.
Queen Elizabeth II Visits Manchester Bombing Victims In Children's Hospital \It's very interesting how everybody has united here.\
Libya\u2019s EU-Backed Coast Guard Is Reportedly Messing With Migrant Rescue Missions The guards boarded a boat in distress, firing gunshots and seizing valuables, relief groups said.
Manchester Students' Impromptu Oasis Singalong Will Bring You To Tears \Goosebumps!\
Video Shows Extrajudicial Execution By Mexican Military, Amnesty Confirms Mexico is debating a bill that would grant policing powers to its armed forces.
Can The UAE Help Libya End Its Civil War? Questions remain as to whether and how the UAE will effectively exert its influence amid the prolonged conflict.
Indian Water Mafia Is Making People Thirsty Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal, elected in 2015, pledged to set up a water supply system throughout the city, provide
Did Erdogan's Photo Op With Trump Mean Anything? The May 9 decision by President Donald Trump to provide arms to Syrian Kurds, a mere week before Turkish President Recep
20 In Critical Condition After Manchester Arena Attack \These are highly traumatic injuries.\u201d
Boston Globe Sent Manchester News Team Pizza To 'Keep Them Going' \Why am I welling up over pizza?\ said one Twitter user.
Here's How Long Muslims Fast Around The World Ramadan is around the corner, but some countries may have to prepare for a longer day of fasting.
How Telegram Became The App Of Choice For ISIS As Twitter and Facebook crack down, extremists have flocked to the private messaging app.
Salman Abedi Probably Didn't Work Alone. Here's What Else We Know. Police arrested the Manchester bombing suspect's father, two brothers and several others.
UK Officials Irritated That U.S. Leaked Info About Manchester Arena Attack U.S. officials anonymously shared information with the media before U.K. authorities approved its release.
Why Russia\u2019s Indigenous People Are Wary Of National Parks Russia\u2019s northern Indigenous people have reason to view their national parks system with suspicion. Park boundaries are sometimes
Trump Revealed Location Of U.S. Nuclear Subs In Call With Duterte Can this man be trusted with state secrets?
Dozens Of Toddlers Drown Off The Coast Of Libya They are among more than 1,300 migrants and refugees who have died this year in the central Mediterranean.
Manchester Man \We've got to look after each other now, don't we?\
Trump Budget\u2019s Foreign Aid Cuts Could Undercut U.S. Security President Trump can build all the walls he wants, but there is be nothing that will protect U.S. citizens better than a more prosperous world.
News Roundup for May 24, 2017 Things happen in the world. Here are some of them. 1. The UK has raised its terror threat to critical following the Manchester
A Historic Moment To End AIDS, How We Will Do It, And The Critical Role Of PEPFAR Funding Co-authored by Todd Schafer \u201c90-90-90 to break the AIDS epidemic by 2020.\u201d It\u2019s a brilliant public health strategy developed
#RoomForManchester Hashtag Helps Shelter Stranded Concert-Goers \When terrorism makes you question humanity, look to the heroes.\
Photos Show The World Mourning With Manchester After Deadly Bombing Here are some of the most emotional moments honoring the victims, from France's Cannes Film Festival to the Australian Parliament.
What\u2019s All This Talk About A Gulf-Israel Alliance? Co-authored by Andrea Petrelli Fair Observer (@myfairobserver) originally published this article on May 22, 2017 Since Saudi
Brexit Has Not Deterred Millennial Business Students From Joining The Banking Industry Compared to last year business students are showing more interest in joining the banking industry Job security is a high
The Internet Won't Let Armenia Go Away Controversy over two recent motion pictures sheds light on the Armenian genocide. Turkey is using cyberspace to try to kill the story.
Two Conferences Spotlight The Muslim World\u2019s Struggle To Counter Militancy The gatherings laid bare the difficulty of reforming cultures in the battle against extremism.
Don't Be Fooled Don\u2019t be fooled.
Egyptian Copt Attacks Georges Fahmi, European University Institute This article has been updated to reflect the latest developments on Egypt\u2019s
Palestinian Prisoners On Hunger Strike As Trump Visits Israel There has been a painful silence from the international community about the hunger strike.
Africa Must Reboot Its Health Systems To Cope With Non-communicable Diseases Neo Tapela, Harvard Medical School When it comes to killer diseases in Africa many people think of infectious diseases like
Hassan Rouhani's Economic Legacy May Be His Key To Winning A Second Term Shahram Akbarzadeh, Deakin University Today\u2019s presidential election in Iran had turned into a vote of confidence for President
The New WHO Director General Must Prioritize Community Health Workers By Carl Manlan In 1978, the Alma-Ata Declaration was signed with the ambitious goal of achieving \u201cHealth for All by 2000
What Do Iranians Want? Better Salaries, More Jobs And Safe Working Conditions These groups have been challenging the status quo of national political apathy for at least the last four years. They have
Egyptian Human Rights Defender Mohamed Zaree Faces Court on Wednesday The latest installment in Egypt\u2019s long-running judicial harassment of civil society is due on Wednesday. Mohamed Zaree, Egypt
The Westernization Of Emoji The irony, she says, is that two of the four new Chinese-themed emoji are not Chinese Chinese, but instead reflect Westernized elements of Chinese culture.
The Riyadh Summits Donald Trump\u2019s presidency is currently undergoing its most difficult stage yet at home. He is being chased by accusations
Donald Of Arabia If Trump continues on this path, the future is clear\u2014more anti-Americanism, terrorism and upheavals in the region.
Resistance Grows Against Hungarian Government's Authoritarianism Budapest is seeing its largest anti-government protests in years.
Trump\u2019s Counter-Extremism Effort Should Address Saudi Textbooks The president will have to address incitement in Riyadh\u2019s government-published textbooks.
What You Need To Know About North Korea's Nuclear Program Experts say the country's nuclear weapons tests are stronger than ever.
